5	What a fun restaurant!!We came here after we prepped all our models for a show and it was a fabulous place to eat.  It was more of a carribean type dining experience!We asked to be seated outside since we smokers and their deck was still sort of indoors.  But airy enough for us to smoke.  There was live music playing, a bar in the deck area, and another deck for larger reservations/parties.  I was impressed on the decor already.  I'm a sucker for restaurants that are interesting to look at, sometimes I go with not so interesting people to eat. heheheAnyhooo...as soon as we sat, we were asked about drinks.  I ordered a mojito, but I should have gotten the Bahama Mama margarita...It looked dramatic as it tasted. DAMMIT!!! But nevertheless, my mojito was still delicious!!!Apetizers:  Coconut shrimp....HOT AS HELL (temp wise) which meant it was freshly cooked!!! HMMMM to die for....My plate:  Chicken Kabobs!!!  OH my god it was the best kabobs ever.  Chicken was cooked with red and green bell peppers, whole mushrooms, and red onions.  The kabobs were served over "island rice".  SO GOOOD!! I toook it home to the hotel and saved it for the next nite!!!
3	pretty good, very standard food, but not so standard decor. I went here with my dad after a convention at the las vegas convention center, and saw lots of other convention goers there too. Service was good, food was decent, and you get raw sugar sticks in your ice tea. I forgot what I ate, but the pina colada was super sweet.
2	It's like a TGIF type deal w/ tasteless generic food w/ some "islandy" decorations. There's no real carribean taste and no dishes that stand out. Two things to try though, are the tostones w/ chicken which is like plaintain nachos, the plaintains are deepfried twice and the blended island margarita.
4	I have family that lives near there and we seem to eat at Bahama Breeze every time I am in Vegas.  Pretty good 'island' food and a fun environment for the money, and you will definitely not leave hungry, I have had leftovers each time I ate there.You HAVE TO get their Cuban Bread for an appetizer, it is pretty simple but my mouth waters just thinking about it.  I have had the paella, coconut shrimp, a chicken pasta dish, and a lobster/shrimp pasta dish and I would order any of them again.  There was something about the chicken pasta dish that I REALLY enjoyed, a tangy garlic cream combo flavor and really tender chicken and mushrooms.Their red beer is satisfying and for only a couple bucks for a 20oz mug you can definitely throw back a few with no damage to the wallet.  They also have a lot of frozen mixed drinks that looked good but I cant comment on them as I mainly stick to beer when I have a drink. Enjoy!
4	Bahama Breeze is a fun place to eat!  We came here around 7p on NYE before we walked the strip.  I was surprised we were able to get a reservation for 10, but it seemed like 7p was a bit early.The food is pretty good, and for the price you can't really beat it.  I know that Vegas has all sorts of buffets, but there is something somewhat sad about buffets; most people concentrate on eating.  The ambience is great despite the somewhat tacky props and decor.I'd imagine I'd give this more of a 3.5, but since they were so accomodating about adding another table (to make 10 from 8) and since I had such a good time (it being NYE), why the heck not, 4 stars for everyone!
3	I entered this restaurant's name. I chose the number of stars it shall receive from me. I clicked my cursor in the review box. I shrugged and shook my head. See, I've been to this Bahama Breeze a couple times before, because I discovered it's a place I can get a bowl of some really yummy chicken tortilla soup, complete with freshly sliced cubes of avocado. And, it's certainly nice to dine in a restaurant void of video poker machines and giant flat screens displaying every single game you can bet on. The decor's nice -- they certainly did an excellent job of creating the outside indoors. The service, plain and simple, is just nothing to write home about. Or write about at all. Last night, I met up with a group of friends there for dinner, and they seated us on the patio. Why the patio was even open, I have no idea. Even with the heater towers, we were freezing. The hostess relocated us, and it took quite a while for our orders to be taken, and took days for our food to arrive, without so much as an explanation or apology. In fact, our server completely disappeared after our orders were taken. A food runner delivered our plates. I did notice, however, that the complaining stopped once we did receive our meals. The food certainly is pretty darn tasty, and the presentation impressive. I'm just going to convince myself that it's been the luck of the draw as far as service has gone on my previous experiences, and give it one more try.Sure do love that soup. ,': )
4	Bahama Breeze sits in the vicinity of corporate circle....aka Howard Hughes Pkwy. Its got purty decor like they got that tropical theme going. They make FLAMING DRINKS! Had a Flaming Dr Pepper here. The coconut shrimp is pretty good. Like the fans on the ceiling. It's purty too. Makes me feel like when i took the mirsus to hawaii...well not really it. was mah backyard and my cuzin Stu turned on the fan with some salt water to give us an ocean breeze.  Food ranges from Paella - to burgers - and yummy sammiches and jambalaya pasta, woodplank cooked fish and chicken.  I think one time I had the conch soup! I HAVE THE CONCH IT'S MY TURN TO SPEAK!
4	Unique dishes with beautiful presentations.  Decent prices.  Virgin Bahamarita is a good drink.  Good for groups.  2 Blocks from the strip.
5	I LOVE BAHAMA BREEZE!!!Bahama Breeze has the BEST margarita's I've ever had!  Mmm, mmm, mmm!  Um, it's triple flavored and sooooooo good!!I used to go to the Bahama Breeze in Austin, TX all the time (now shut down).  When I moved back to Cali, they didn't have one on the West Coast!  WHAAAAAAAT?  Luckily, they opened this one up in Vegas!!  Not that close to me, but only a 9hr drive or 1hr plane ride!!Oh yes, I like the coconut shrimp too!  Not all the food items are that good, but the atmosphere is great.  Okay, the atmosphere is not-as-great at the Las Vegas location, but there is no way I can give this place less than 5-stars based on their Margarita's alone!  *yum!*
4	My first BB visit was down in Tampa Bay, FL, where I was impressed with the decent food items and the margaritas. So I was sure glad to find one in Vegas while roaming around for a supermarket. Eh, who am i kdding. Come here for the kickass margaritas, then take a taxi to the strip to party!
3	That chicken tortilla soup is absolutely delicious.  Could be I am a sucker for fresh chunks of avocado.  No, the soup would have even been delicious without it.The rest of the meal was fine, and filling.  The drinks were reasonably priced.  The restaurant itself is nice... pretty decor.  Nice amenities in the ladies' room, I love the scope with little disposable cups.  Our server did his job adequately.Overall, nothing to complain about, but nothing outstanding aside from that yummy soup.
4	Discovered BB when I lived in Orlando for a while, and loved the food atmosphere.  I like to visit this establishment while in Vegas as few tourists know of it, or find it.  The good is quite good, and fairly consistent.
4	The food here is great...I loved almost everything we ordered.  Especially good was the jerk Jamaican chicken...annoying to eat the wings but the spices made it worth the bother.  Their seafood Paella is very yummy.  Drinks are pretty strong...especially the mojito.  If you want something sweeter, try their coconut pineapple martini.  For appetizers, I liked the coconut shrimp, calamari, and spinach artichoke dip.Their bathrooms are really nice too.  They have nice smelling lotion and mouthwash.  Service is pretty good.  There is a large patio which is very convenient if you have a big party.
4	It's worth it just for the bathrooms, but this place is excellent for groups. If you're looking for a place to take a work group or hold some sort of work-related event, this place is great. The variety in food will please everyone. The atmosphere is great, and the price isn't too steep.
1	I just don't get what people see in this place. I guess the food is just bland enough to appeal to the masses, and it's just cheesy enough to be "fun" (read Tchotchke's in Office Space). From the music, to the decor, to the food, this place is just packed with epic fail. I wanted to shoe the bargain basement Jimmy Buffet square in the nuts, not that I enjoy the real one by any stretch of the imagination.We had the calamari appetizer, thinking it was a safe bet, and it was astonishingly rubbery. I mean, there's rubbery calamari, then there's this; it's like the difference between vulcanized rubber and the stuff they use in rubber bands. I ordered the seafood paella, and the waiter remarked that it was his favorite dish and it was just fantastic. The guy's nuts. There couldn't have been more wrong with it, save for the fish showing up raw (it was overcooked instead). Absolutely no flavor. They must not put any salt in the pot when they cook the rice, because I don't think there's any other way to make rice this unexciting. I suspect the origin of its yellow-orange hue didn't come from saffron, either. Don't remember what my fiance ordered, and neither does she, but we both remember it sucked. Bland, unexciting, chain-wide recipes aside, this kitchen had some serious issues seasoning their food properly.All that, a beer, and a margarita for $53. What a gyp.
4	Setting:  Tropical.  They did a good job with the decorating.  Very nice, very clean.  Nice bathrooms as well.Food:  The food was great.  I just had an appetizer (yummy habanero wings), and it was big enough for a meal.  The food all around was tasty (tried my friends' dishes as well  :).Service:  Very happy-go-lucky, especially the person who seated us.  An upbeat group of folks.
3	this is a cool place. . i went the people that were there for the wedding the food was good i liked the pasta ordered .  the survuce was fast  and they seated our large groups quickly. they had a good tropical look. like i said in a bast review i would not have gone there if i was by myself. i wanted to do stuff more unique to Vegas
2	We went here for a birthday party for a co-worker of a friend of mine.  It was not my first choice to go to..honestly I'd only seen this place in passing on my way to the airport.  From the outside it doesn't look like much, nice big building on the corner of Paradise and Flamingo on the Northwest side.  Walking in, however, you feel transported to another place with the Caribbean theme of the restaurant and bar.However, like a friend has told me, you can't necessarily paint something to make it what it ain't.The food here is expensive for what you get.  We ordered quite a bit of food for the party: Spinach Dip and Island Chips, Island Onion Rings, West Indies Patties, and Creole Baked Goat Cheese to start.  None of these, to me, were particularly good.  The Spinach Dip was not even touched as my friend ordered it and then tried to pass it along to everyone else because she hated it.  The entree's were a little better: Cuban Sandwich and Margarita Chicken.  However for the $10 and $15 plates of food, I've had much better.The service was slow for a slow Wednesday early evening dinner.  It was nice that we were able to sit in the atrium outside that was nicely cooled.  All in all, this seems like a poorly done chain restaurant based on a Caribbean theme.  My search shall continue (though how hard I look is yet to be determined).
3	Came here with a local after needing a change of scene in Vegas.   It was still prop-ish but atleast you did not feel overwhelmed with so many people like in the hotels.  Food was decent, not the greatest just somewhat different and there was live band.  Not really some where I would come to Vegas for.
4	The next time you're in Vegas, (particularly on E. Flamingo) don't fool yourself into thinking that Bahama Breeze is some run-of-the-mill, cookie cutter restaurant, a la Applebee's, Chili's etc... Simply put: Baham Breeze is the sh*t... mon! I wasn't even hungry and I almost finished my big ass plate of Calypso Shrimp Linguine. Might I add that they use 'Gulf Shrimp' in their shrimp dishes, which if you don't already know ,are not not small shrimp. My wife had the Wood Grilled Tilapia, my son had the Wood Grilled Chicken and my sister had the Jerk chicken and every single one of their dishes were excellent. For appetizers we had the Artichoke dip and the Jerk Shrimp, again both delicious.  So the next time you're in Vegas, get out of your fancy hotel and treat yourself out to something different and worth your money!
3	My half tried their mahi-mahi, it wasn't to his appeal.  The jerk chicken is so good.
4	Not as terrible as you would expect~! The drinks were reasonably priced and tasty ($6ish for a decent fruity mojito). Coconut shrimp were tasty, and the skewers were great as well.. came with a good sized portion of meats and veggies. Atmosphere is nice and tropical (as one would expect).
4	I don't even live in Vegas but every time I'm here I have to hit this place for Mojito's!! its a great place to have happy hour before heading out for Dinner... I haven't eaten there.. I only get Drinks.... shots of tequilla and mojito's  ( a deadly combo i know ) ... maybe next time I'll actually try the food..
4	I wanted to find a location for the "meet & greet" on the first night of our destination wedding weekend, and I was totally disheartened by the pricing of any and all on-Strip locations. While driving around, the BFF and I happened to see Bahama Breeze. I know, I know, it's a chain -- but it has a fun, vacation-y appeal, so we called from the car to ask about group events.Options from the low $20s per person? Cash bar available? Sign us up! We swung in for lunch to try as many menu items as we possibly could. The tostones and coconut shrimp both made for very tasty appetizers, although the tostones were a little dry -- but once you add all the cheese and toppings, yuuuuuum-ola. We both agreed our entrees were good, although now I can't remember what Jess got (some sort of chicken sandwich?). I tried the tilapia and was pleasantly surprised at how tasty it was, and it came with cinnamon sweet potatoes! We even had dessert, fantastic dulce de leche cheesecake (with an excellent graham cracker crust).I will readily admit that I would probably only normally give BB more like 3 stars; however, this location was so upbeat and fun, the staff members were all so friendly and helpful, the drinks were so cheap... that I'm bumping it up. AND, it looks like it will be the perfect place to host a meet & greet, so if you're looking for a group event place, I'd definitely consider it!P.S. One other reviewer mentioned the bathrooms, and I will ditto that. They're beautiful. Weird, I know.
4	The seafood chowder has one of my favorite elements - conch! Reminds me of the Carribean. The ultimate pina colada is DELICIOUS but low on the alcohol content. Tasty nonetheless. Lots of food for not-that-much-money, compared to the rip-off food options on The Strip. Our waiter even itemized our menu for each person, so we could easily split the bill in our group. Awesome service, good food, definitely coming back here again with friends!
4	It's freakin' 100 degrees in Las Vegas today, so my co-worker says "let's try this place" because he'd been here before and enjoyed the food.I had to agree that the food was really good.I ordered the Chicken Club Salad.  Fantastic and DELICIOUS!!!  Right amount of salad, bacon, cheese, dressing and chunks of crispy chicken!!!  Yum yum in the tum tum!!For dessert, I had a slice of Dulce De Leche Cheesecake.  It was too good.  I could not finish it because I was full and it was very sweet.  This is saying a lot because I ALWAYS eat all of my cheesecake (I'll be working out a lot tomorrow morning in the hotel gym!!!!!).Our server was friendly, polite and always checking up on us to see if we needed anything else.Next time I'm in LV, I'll try the clam chowder.  I hear it's very good.FYI - bathroom was clean.  There was even mouthwash and hair gel near the sink.  Really.
4	I wanted to try something new so we decided to give this place a try. It was such a great experience and a nice change to all the all you can eat places in town. The menu was mouth watering and so was the food. I had the Calypso Shrimp Linguine and the portion was so big that I had it to go. The waiter even added a little hand drawn picture of a sailing boat on top of my to go box which was kind of neat. My hubbie and I had the linguine for lunch the next day. I added green onions, sake and garlic to it and it was delicious! Our drinks were great too. Its not a surprise that this place was packed for a tuesday night. The only downside was the garlic bread. It was a little soggy. In all I think that this is a great place to hang out with friends or your significant other. Can't wait to go back...
3	We decided to veer off the Strip in search for something different and not "Strip-priced" and ended up at Bahama Breeze.We were pleasantly surprised at their menu, as they offered some of our favorite types of food!  I ordered the jerk chicken wings (of course!) and my daughter ordered their West Indies Patties.  Both were awesome!  The service was also good and our drinks were never empty.We will definitely keep this place in mind next time we're in town!
3	If you're tired of the high-priced strip food then make your way over to Bahama Breeze. It's amazing how dramatically the prices can decrease even if you're only 2 blocks away from the strip. Save your money for the slots, check out Bahama Breeze. Great tasting food (I recommend the Calypso Shrimp Linguine)Large portions Reasonable pricesFun atmosphereClean restroomsPerfect for friends and familyA solid 3.5 stars!
2	Ok so I had to "live in Vegas" for a couple weeks while working on a Casino and my "home" ended up right across the street from this place. Which in case you were not aware, is apparently in a bad neighborhood. I was warned by 1) the cab driver dropping me off from the airport 2) a co-worker and 3) another cabby taking me home from work--that I should never walk alone after 5pm. The menu looked pretty good, so I was excited to try this place. The service was so slow. We were seated immediately and then ignored for like 20 min. then our order taken and then ignored for 30 min, we asked what was up and they had made the order wrong, but no one told us. Finally after being in the restaurant for about an hour and a half we got our food. It was okay, but definitely not worth the wait. It was the type of chain like food one would expect from a Chili's or TGIF and they got the order wrong. We talked to the manager and he did not seem to care. Moral of my story--this place is no breeze.
4	Delish! I had fish tacos which came with huge chunks of avocado and super scrumply seasoned black beans and rice.Service was good, if a bit phony.Bathrooms: Lotion, hairspray, AND mouthwash. I was bitching all weekend about how bathrooms should have lotion and voila! Also mouthwash is a totally nice touch, more places should have it.If for any reason i'm lurking this part of Vegas again, I would return.
3	I have a soft spot for Bahama Breeze.  The whole island theme is kind of tacky, but the food is quite good and this place is a nice break away from the places on the strip.  My good, ol' standby here is the Bahamian Grilled Kabob, which is fantastic.  Prices are reasonable (esp. compared to the strip) and the employees have always been friendly.  I definitely recommend going here!
3	When this place first opened I probably would have given it 4-5 stars. The food was delish, service was excellent, and the had a bunch of good signature cocktails. Like alot of other places when they get popular, food, and service suffer. Went a couple days ago after not going for like 2 years and I just wasn't impressed with anything. Im mean it was still OK; but not as good as it used to be.
4	Bajama Breeze is a cute little themed restaurant that I went to for a friend's birthday. They accommodated us last minute for a party of fifteen so that was nice. We started off with the firecracker shrimp, coconut shrimp, and the fire-roasted jerk shrimp which were all pretty tasty. (Although I did prefer the coconut shrimp over the other two.) For dinner, I ate the lobster and shrimp pasta, without mushrooms, which had very little sauce, but was better than the one at Red Lobster. Our waiter was hilarious and also gave the birthday girl a long sugar cane, yes, sugar cane which was talked about for a good minute. My drink also came with a sugar cane inside of it, the Lemon Breeze, which I added strawberries too. Overall, the place was chill and the food was good, but not great. I think I would go back to see if it deserves that last star..
3	I went to this restaurant because of all the hype that their paella was getting. Unfortunately, I was not impressed. You could say that I was disappointed with the paella. The flavor was a little bland and the rice was a little bit uncooked. The shrimp did not seem fresh to me. I was really disappointed because I love paella. The atmosphere is nice and the service was above average. They have a good lunch menu and some of the specials looked really appetizing. My experience would have been better if I did not have such a high expectation with the paella.
4	Do u like the relaxed caribbean mood? The lazy beachy vibe? Tropical flavors of mango, pineapple, citrusy mixes all blended with daring spices on top seafood or meat? If so, this is a place for you.  There are not too many BB around, unfortunately. The two i know in Arizona has closed down and nothing of this sort exists in Southern CA. So we travel for BB in Las Vegas.It is off the strip so it is quiet compared to all the other eateries. You won't have ANY problems finding seats here, even on weekends at peak hours, since most will be at hotel buffets or fancy eateries.  This place is wonderful especially if u are short on time and want a great bite b/f jetting of from sin city and still make it in time for the airport.It is dark inside but the moment you enter you feel like u are in an island! The lazy fans blowing, the colorful decor, and the reggae beats surrounding you.  The food is amazing...from the caesar salad to staple appetizers for us: Coconut Shrimp; Crab, Shrimp, Mango, Avocado Stack; Warm Spinach Dip & Island ChipsMy husband loves the West Indies Ribs and I veer towards poultry and love the Bahamian Grilled Chicken Kabobs.Dessert time is my favorite and the Bananas Supreme is by far the best I have ever tasted. The banana cake is so warm, and fits so perfectly when combined with hot butterscotch brandy sauce served with ice cream and whip.  I am not a fan of nuts but this cake you cannot realy taste all the crunchiness which i don't like.  I was so inspired I found a recipe and tried it out. Wonderful!Other stand outs include Chocolate Island and Chocolate Pineapple Upside Down make wonderful (albeit a bit too sweet for me) memories.Staff so very friendly, i wonder if they partake in cocktail hours! The mojito is awesome as you can feel the crunch of the mint leafs and lime. You cannot really go wrong with cocktails here.Definitely a must go place for us, at least!
1	I wanted to like this place.  It had a great atmosphere and a good vibe.  We went here because it had a claim that it was "Gluten Free." Something I have to look for because of my wheat allergy so I was excited.They didn't have a special GF menu which is not a big deal to me because typically the waiter will just fill me in or make his recommendations.  This waiter didn't know much about what foods or sauces had flour.  He didn't really have any enthusiasm to find out and come back and make some recommendations. So I had to McGyver my own meal which typically means I have to eliminate the sauces. I tip very well when waiters really know the foods and can make recommendations or atleast have the eagerness to find out for me. I don't typically eat out and this was going to be a real treat for me.I ordered scallops in butter sauce and the scallops were burnt and then raw in the middle. When I sent them back, they replaced only the one I ate half of.  I asked for a dinner salad instead and they gave it to me with croutons.  He took it back and picked off the croutons as crumbles were still there. What part of "I can't eat flour don't you understand?"  I sent back the salad and refused to eat as I swore someone would have spit in my food by now.  And let me tell you, I'm a very passive person when it comes to any problems with my food.  So I wasn't mad or anything and I didn't give the waiter any attitude. By the way, the waiter never apologized for any inconvenience or was concerned.There was a huge two parties going on and every staff member kept coming in and out the patio doors fussying over the parties and most people seated were ignored and were very openly upset about the service by stopping random staff members for drink refills and to check on their food.  I was with two other people who swore it tasted nice but I don't know if they were just being polite as literally "utter chaos" was going on around us and we waited 45 minutes for our table when we called in advance for a reservation.I was treating my friends so I was shocked that I was given a "$10.00 charge" for food that was returned!  I hadn't eaten anything sat and drank myself silly over the ice tea and left more hungry than I came in.  There was absolutely no apology anywhere or from anyone and I couldn't believe the waiter was serious about this charge. So I didn't tip him.  Probably the first time in a really really long time that I haven't tipped a waiter.  Still feeling a bit guilty over it but it was a very bad experience and it wasn't me that night it was everyone else around us too.
4	Came here on a weekday for an escape and catch up with my uncle and was very pleasantly surprised. I'd been to a Bahama Breeze near Seattle a couple years ago and it screamed chain. So did this one upon first inspection, but a few things stood out.First, our waiter was top notch. Friendly, engaging, knowledgeable, and even engaged us as we asked about how the local dining businesses were faring in the current economic state. He was actually a PT waiter at another restaurant, and he helped us pick our dishes.The food was surprisingly tasty. I had the jerk chicken bowtie pasta, which was slightly spicy but in a good way.Although I might not go actively searching for this place next time I am in Vegas, I would recommend it if you're looking for a reasonably priced, tasty meal.
2	This place is very cute, yes. But the food is whatev. Service could definitely be better. And I don't understand why they call themselves Caribbean..they serve Olive Garden food (plus a little more seafood.)Nonetheless, I ordered the shrimp linguine..and it was ok. A bit on the salty side and the pasta was just a little overcooked. The boyfriend ordered the pork tenderloin with garlic mashed potatoes. Potatoes were delicious..pork, not so much. It was very dry and didn't have enough flavor.Anyway, this is a great place for big groups..if you have money that is. Expect to pay $30 a person..and more if you're drinking.
5	We love this place. We go each time we are in Vegas. They have our favorite ribs. It's a full rack for $20 including fries. Note: the ribs are coated with a guava-based BBQ sauce, so don't expect the typical smoky southern barbecue. They have a full bar with a complete catalog of mixed drinks, although the drinks are pricey. Located on Flamingo road just east of the strip, but not walking distance. Lots of other Caribbean inspired dishes, but we have never tried any other items because the ribs are too good to pass up.
5	So, I finally tried Bahama Breeze for the first time this past weekend  and it was "Off da Hook"!!!My father kept telling me about this place when he's in town.  I came with my entire family (20+ members) while vacationing in Las Vegas.  They booked us a private room and the service was very helpful and friendly.We all ordered the Bahamian Seafood Chowder (recommended by my dad and now I recommend it to you), it's a Seafood Chowder w/Fried Shrimp on top.  We also tried the Coconut Shrimp, West Indies Beef Patties (curry empanada, Simmered Jerk Shrimp (soooo gooood!!!) with a warm roll and the West Indies Ribs (huge slab and the best I ever had!)
5	When in Vegas I love eating off of the strip. Just to get away from all the chaos of the strip.  Walking into this place not only are you away from the strip, but its like walking onto a small island. And u can smell the great aromas as soon as you walk in the door. Now i;m not a big fan of spicy food, but I enjoy some good flavor. Those jamaican jerk chicken wings are phenominal. Its the right amount of heat with the the best amount of absolute great flavor. They were amazingly good. The chicken tortilla soup was just as good. I can't wait to go back and try something else when I have a bigger appetite.
3	We came here for an early dinner on a Saturday evening.  I was pretty excited to try this place as it came from a recommendation of one of my friends who had been here before.  However, I found the service here to be a bit spotty and lacking.  Despite it being early, our server was occupied with other things other than checking in to see how we were doing.But, besides that slight nuance, and a bit of confusion over us wanting soup, and then getting bread, but then getting our meals at the same time as the said bread, I still liked the food.  My paella was delicious and so was my boyfriend's chicken and yuca. Their mixed drinks were also pretty tasty too.
5	Never thought we'd eat there as it's a bit off the Strip for some reason we ended up there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. Employees were extremely friendly and accomodating, offering us advice on what's good on the menu -The jerk chicken is awesome and so was the salmon salad. A lot of food for what you pay too! It was a Sunday afternoon so the atmosphere was pretty mellow - overall, a great find for lunch.
4	I liked this place. The decor was nice, reminded me of elephant bar for some reason.We got the coconut shrimp for our appetizer. Good size shrimp with a delicious sauce. A hit of sweetness and a hint of mustard. I'm not fond of mustard but this was an awesome dipping sauce. Truly enhanced the shrimp. For dinner, I ordered the lobster/shrimp linguini. Decent amount of lobster but a crapload of shrimp! Every bite had shrimp and that was well worth the 20 dollars! The sauce had the right amount of creaminess to it which was a plus! Yes, I'd go here again. YES YES YES. Especially for the coconut shrimp!
4	I used to work for Bahama Breeze, St. Louis, so I looked forward to going in and critiquing how this one was run.The salmon I ordered was delicious, they have taken off the island rice, don't like the new rice. Service was good as usual, the servers are always very knowledgeable about the menu and they did not charge me to make a weird substitution. The garlic mashed potatoes recipe has clearly changed and they were very....well...shiny? If that makes sense, it was clear to me that they were not handmade or fresh like the used to be, so sorry, you lost a star over my potatoes.Overall, enjoyable, they have very good specialty drinks. Bill was about $55.00 dollars before tip for three people, with one specialty drink on the bill and no desserts.
5	My absolutely favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas and I ALWAYS go at least once every time I visit.I love the decor, inside and out, and this time I finally sat "outside" on the patio, which is equally as lovely as inside. It's a large enclosed patio so you get the feeling of being outside with bright natural light but don't boil in the Las Vegas heat.The food is always awesome and I always start with the Cuban Bread. This time I got a half salad and half chicken and veggie quesadilla so I wouldn't be too full to stuff myself at the Luxor buffet for dinner but I was wrong, I was still full at dinner!The salad was good and the quesadilla was yummy too. My son got the mac & cheese and I tried it after he was full and it was yummy, no powered cheese for Bahama Breeze!The staff is always nice and makes you feel welcome. There is a large variety of food choices to please everyone. I look forward to another visit on my next trip!
5	I love this restaurant- so much that I had my bachelorette party there. I love the atmosphere (the decor is tropical), the food is excellent, and the caribbean music (free entertainment) adds to the overall fun feel of this restaurant. It's easy to feel good in this type of restaurant. I've only been here for dinner, but about ten times. (Twice for an e-mail member event- that was fun!) The service is really good. The location (Paradise/Flamingo) is in "Restaurant Row." It's very easy to get there from the Strip, if you are just visiting. If you're coming for dinner, make a reservation, because this is a very popular restaurant. Outside seating is nice, if you can stand the heat during the summer months.  My favorite appetizer is the Coconut Shrimp. It's now the best all around in Las Vegas, since Red Lobster's version has changed. I don't like a whole lot of breading- like how they do so often at chinese restaurants. It's definitely not the case here. Also, the size of the shrimp is pretty good.  My favorite dish here is the Caribbean Jerk Chicken Pasta. I am not usually a fan of creamy sauces, but I make the exception here. It is the perfect blend of bowtie pasta, jerk chicken (love that spice combination), mushrooms, and asparagus. It's the best thing on the menu. But that's my opinion. I've tried other things on the menu but I keep coming back to this dish. About the prices, it's a chain restaurant, so the prices are going to be slightly higher than some restaurants out there. Frankly, I didn't think that the Planet Hollywood restaurants are anything special, but they still remain popular today for some reason. I would rather go to Hard Rock Cafe, but now, my husband doesn't think those restaurants are anything special either.        SInce I love this place, I am sure we will be back again.
4	This place was really good. Stopped by with friends for lunch. The building is huge inside with a cool water feature as you enter. Two bars to choose from.I ordered the Cuban. it was great. Tho I can't really recall much detail because I forgot to review right after I ate there and it's now like two months ago. BUT ! I can say we all enjoyed our meals and the customer service was great. I recommend stopping by.
5	We LOVE this joint and make a point to go every time we are in Las Vegas!  The food is consistently good and the service has always been wonderful.  You can't go wrong with anything on their menu.  I had the scallops on corn cakes (a special that day) and my husband has had the Jamaican Jerk Chicken the last two times and loved it.  Also the Cuban Bread appetizer is so good.  At then end of dinner I ordered the Almond Mocha coffee drink but had them add their brandy butterscotch sauce in place of the chocolate syrup. OMG the drink rocked!  You have to like sweet coffee, but it was soooooo good!  Casual dining, awesome atmosphere, great servers; a bit pricey but worth every penny!  Enjoy!
4	This place has a lot of nice atmosphere. It's kitschy without too much.I informed the waiter about my allergies to certain weeds (shitlantro) and he recommended a dish for me. Now, I won't die if I get cilantro, but it's kind of unpleasant to my body and it tastes like soap. I got a few bites in and he came running to the table panicking about how the sauce turns out to have cilantro in it. He sent the manager over who recommended a new dish, didn't charge me for either, and then gave me another drink which was hella strong.The fact that they showed so much concern even though I explained to them that it's not a fatal allergy unless I get a fair amount in me, shows me that they care about their clients. The replacement dish, the mahi-mahi in a cream mango sauce, was absolutely to die for. Especially with a strawberry mojito. (the mango one was pretty bad, but was accidentally brought to my table by an errant waitress and I just took it rather than my strawberry one)Would I go back? Definitely. The food was good, the service was very pleasant, and they apologized profusely for their mistake, while making sure I was very well taken care of. I'd gladly recommend this to any of my friends.
3	How the hell did I end up here for dinner?  $10 gift card and a $10 off coupon giving us a cheaper meal here than at Marie Callenders.  And better food to boot.  I got the grilled jerk chicken which wasn't jerk at all...just grilled chicken w/ a fruity glaze and some pineapple and mango underneath it.  Tasty but I could never justify paying $16 for it.  My wife got the chicken santiago which was a lot better than mine and probably what I would get if I did do dinner here again.  Its also great that they offer lighter portions so we didn't have to bring anything home in a box as usual.  The place was packed!!  I guess this is a pretty popular place?  Drinks were ok and fairly priced.  It would be a great place for happy hour if they had one.  I think doing drinks with multiple appetizers would be the way to go next time.
5	Service was great, and food was tastefully prepared and served timely.Our server was Neil and he was very informative and attentive to our needs.  The drinks were great too.
3	I have eaten at the Bahama Breezes in Florida, and this one was not nearly as good.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE. ever since i frist tried it in atl.ok. first thing first. YOU MUST ORDER COCONUT SHRIMP (unless your allergic!)we ordered:onion rings ( A MUST its frikkin huge and the sauce is awesome!)Crab, Shrimp, Mango and Avocado Stack Crab (its frikkin good as hell.. mix it in the sauce that is circled around the plate they go perfect together!)Cuban Sandwich (eggs were missing from it for me but the bf said it was good)1/2 coconut shrimp & Caesar salad. (like I said the coconut shrimp is to die for ::and if your allergic i mean literally::  the caesar salad was... meh.. the cruton were cute but the salad itself was whatevers.SERVICE AS USUAL WAS AWESOME! waiters were nice, patient and quick. waters were always filled as well.
2	I have been here twice and both times I had a good time. The atmosphere of this place really sets the mood for a laid back time. But every time I have had food her it blows. There is just nothing special about it that draws me back. To me this place is more of a place to get tootie-fruity drinks and some dip. Then it would be for an actual meal. It's almost like an upscale TGIF with bad food. The waiters that helped us were quite helpful and were prompt. The place is clean and I had a good time. There food is just not my thing I guess.
5	What a treat. During my one day stay in Vegas for business and personal, my sister and her hubby took me here after they picked me up at the airport. With the name, I was quick to be like EGH...boy was I wrong. This just proves the saying, "Don't knock it, till you try it". For appetizers, we ordered the Coconut Shrimp and Tostones with Chicken. OMG, both were absolutely perfect, especially the Coconut Shrimp. Its considered one of their house specialties. As for my main order, I had the Chicken Santiago. YUMMY !!!!!!!!! The red roasted pepper sauce sealed the deal. I know this place is a bit off the strip but Yelpers if ever your in Vegas and need a break from the endless buffets, stop by this place, if you lost or possibly won in Vegas, at least you could go home full and satisfied.
1	Food is ok and boring. It is a part of the Darden chain of restaurants so if you are familiar with Red Lobster, think of a Caribbean inspired version and you have Bahama Breeze. The drinks are delicious and really bad for you, and the food always tastes exactly the same; consistency is good. I have actually eaten here a couple times, but my last experience will have me never come back.If you are looking for mediocre food in the array of mediocre food options near corporate Hughes center you could wind up here. Maybe you have coupons and you purposefully drove here? Understood.My final visit to Bahama Breeze began with 2 coworkers and I walking in and standing in front of a host podium without being acknowledged. Three professional ladies, standing in an empty entrance waiting to be seated, until a couple minutes later a host (who never lifted her head from staring at the floor, I must have missed the carpet design) finally sat us. We were helped by a strangely hostile server who at one point through the meal had his manager come up to us and apologize for the wait for our food. This came as a surprise to us because he never mentioned anything about late food, and we hadn't asked about it. When our lunches arrived my baja fish tacos with a side salad had turned into baja fish tacos with a side soup. I enjoyed the soup and made no complaints, it was a tasty chowder with fried shrimp. Overall the food was unmemorable but not inedible. The service was terrible. I can't believe that every person I interacted with: host, server, and manager were not polite to outright rude. We were *told*(not offered) to get free dessert (or else our server said he would eat it? wtf?) but never received any apologies. Not for the late food, not for our shitty greet at the front door, not for our strangely hostile server, not for our late and incorrect food. Instead we got begged to take a free dessert. Sad. WTF guys, get your shit together.
4	Caribbean inspired cuisine. Great service great food and Great Service .  I always stop by when in Vegas. A must !!!
3	Bahama Breeze is typical of your themed chain restaurants. To me, it doesn't stand out from the likes of Elephant Bar, Cheesecake Factory, and Claim Jumpers. Their "island" theme extends to their supposedly "tropical" menu. Their decor was adequate, if not a bit tired and dated. The food was substantial - We ordered (2) chicken sandwiches and paella, plus coconut shrimp for appetizers. For dessert, we had the chocolate pineapple upside down cake. Our server was very friendly and funny. But the overall experience can be easily forgotten. It's a great place to eat, just don't expect to be blown away or for it to be different from the various adequate establishments.
5	Love their Lemon Breeze Drink.. Ordered one Chef's special salmon for lunch..
3	We had a work event here so everything was free. I had no idea that Bahama Breeze was a franchise because there is one in Raleigh North CarolinaFood was good, a lot of fried food though, so beware!
5	An oasis in the midst of Vegas craziness. Rafael (make sure you ask for him specifically) made the most delicious Micheladas I've ever had! I was in Vegas for 3 weeks on business and found myself escaping with co-workers to the Bahama Breeze at least 3x each week. We would walk in and Rafael would automatically begin making our drinks. Clearly, Rafael was a very wonderful bartender!p.s. nothing goes better with Micheladas than their delicious milkshakes, coconut shrimp, calamari, and chicken kabobs.
4	they have a wonderful fish with almond crusted yumminess on top. The wait staff is great and the prices are good.
4	I love steak so I'm always looking to try some new flavor to my steak, the sirloin I had at bahama was good and cooked true to order (I prefer my steak medium, and it was). The shrimp salsa was also quite delicious :)
5	Came here for lunch on Sunday & Monday (2/13 & 2/14)I absolutely love this place.I think I love the service more than ever. They have the best friendliest staff ever! (I know I sounded like a little kid over exaggerating) But, honest to God. You cannot find that type of service in LA.This is like my favorite lunch spot in Vegas.The plates are a hit and miss. Depends on what you order and if you know what you're ordering. Good luck and enjoy the good food. Cause there sure aren't any in LA.*Get the cilantro cream sauce for dipping its grrrrrrrrrrrrreat!*
4	Went here for a friend's Bday get together and was also my first time here.  Cool, chill, island theme restaurant with very friendly servers.  It's a casual, family style restaurant and not really somewhere you would like to take someone out on a date if you are looking for something quiet to converse because it's pretty loud inside. It's pretty huge inside also, but I don't know how busy this place usually gets.  I doubt you need to call for reservations unless you're planning to come with a big group.I ordered the coconut shrimp and calamari.  Pretty good but I can't tell you about the other dishes since this is the only one I ordered.  But I'm sure if you come in a big group, you'll end up trying other stuff also.
4	A friend of mine hosted a business dinner here and invited me to join them.  It's been a while since I've visited this joint, so I gladly accepted.  When I arrived, they were already seated and the Appetizers were coming out.  They ordered Coconut Shrimp (Crispy large Shrimp hand-breaded with sweet flaky Coconut & a Citrus-Mustard dipping Sauce) & Creole Baked Goat Cheese (In roasted Red Bell Peppers served with vine-ripened Tomato Salsa and Parmesan Toast).The Coconut Shrimp was OK, not great.  They're large sized Shrimp.....the Coconut Breading was a bit sweet for my tastes.  The Creole Baked Goat Cheese was excellent!  If you try the Goat Cheese, you have to slice up the Bell Pepper and eat it....it was amazingly good.For an entree, I ordered the Jerk Chicken Pasta (Jerk Chicken Breast, fresh Asparagus and Mushrooms tossed in a rich Parmesan-Herb Cream Sauce with Bow-Tie Pasta).  They weren't kidding when they said this dish was "rich".....I think I gained 5 lbs after eating this thing.....it was very good though.  Despite being rich, the Sauce didn't overwhelm the dish and it had a nice flavor.  The Jerk Chicken was cooked perfectly and was of good quality.....you could taste the flavor that Jerk Chicken is known for....I was left wanting more.  Thank God it wasn't bottomless, otherwise I'd have to buy new clothes afterwards....ha!Overall, it was good service and good food.  This place is a solid 4 Stars.Return Factor - 82%
4	This is my second trip here and my first in quite some time. The food was really good and the drinks more so. I had two Bahama Mamas and we ordered the Fire-Roasted Jerk Shrimp and Crab Claws St. Thomas for appetizers. For our meal my wife and I split a hamburger. Our waitress was fun and paid attention to detail. Too bad the kitchen staff didn't. A friend of ours ordered the Chicken Sliders. When they came they were do it yourself. The buns, chicken and toppings all came seperated. As for our hamburger that we ordered everything on the side and sure enough it came all assembled. Hey, kitchen, here's a clue. Listen to your waitress. They usually know what they're doing and when you don't listen you wind up hurting them and your business.
4	Nice place, love the tropical ambiance.  Service is usually good. They have huge onion rings and the beef patties (like beef curry in little pastries with mango salsa on the side) are great!  Food always tastes fresh.  Desserts were yummy, too!
4	This place is located on the corner of Flamingo and Paradise in a little plaza. I came here for my cousins b'day. We wanted to stay away from the strip for a change. To start off the night we ordered some frozen bahamaritas and appetizers. Warm spinach, artichokes and cheese, with a hint of nutmeg. It hit the spot. As for dinner, I ordered the Seafood Paella with seafood, chicken, sausage and peas with yellow rice. OMG...you can't go wrong with this dish. For dessert we shared he warm chocolate pineapple upside down cake. It reminded me when I was back in the Caribbean.  yum-yum in my tum.  Our waiter was awesome.  He always topped off our drinks and was very attentive.
5	I only had time for a beer and appetizer. Unfortunately for me i had tickets to criss angel(wish i had skipped the show and enjoyed a full dinner and a few more beers) i had a pint of aruba red and the buttermilk chicken sliders. Both went very well with eachother and look forward to having again some day. I really hope this chain makes its way over to the east coast.
2	This is formula fast food with a menu you look down at and pay too much for. Almost not worth writing a review, The Special Jerk Chicken is not even close to being a jerk. The mashed potatoes were beaten into a sticky gooey glue-like mess. The wife asked for Jerk-style ribs and got what the waiter said was a mango based jerk sauce. The Onion Rings were rock-hard tasteless hoops and the chicken wings were over-done and leather like. The high noise level made for difficult conversation. However the margarita was over-the-top and presented well. Go for the drinks and skip the food.
4	A tropical island in sin city, who knew?? From the coconut shrimp appetizer to my seared tuna entree with Jasmine rice to my boyfriends shrimp & lobster linguine, my ONLY regret is that I got full way to soon... OOhh but the leftovers were oohh so good too.
2	This place was eh.  The menu is not the best and the food is ok.  We shared the Spinach Dip which was good.  This item was the only thing we shared and a few hours later we all had some stomach issues.I got the lunch combo of a salad and a qusadilla with lobster and shrimp.  It was tasty but nothing to write home about.  The salad dwarfed the quasdilla. It was a lunch portion though.My colleagues enjoyed their meal but they have had better.The waiter was ok, he had a little attitude.  I would not recommend Bahama Breeze as there are many better chain restaurants in the area.
4	love the feeling bahamamamabreezetaculars give me. brings me back to when i lived in hawaoo. mood lightened up with the quickness.i started off with the layered pina coolada. and best brain freeze i ever had immediately ocurred. amaazing.to feel like a non fatass i started with the tropical salad w mixed greens and veggies and all that bs.. and the chicken by itself was superbilicious!!wasnt enough so i ordered my fat ass a burger with extra bacon. bada bing!oh i love the vibe here but i def hate myself after i get out everytimeMUST START: with the layered pina coladaMUST TRY: tropical salad (this by itself is enough for the faint stomached)
5	good place to eat at if you are in Vegas i love it
4	Good food - service could be a little bit better - but they have great food! I had the Shrimp, avocado and crab tower and it was delicious! Nice place in Vegas that is off the strip and a nice place to eat when in town for business purposes...
3	After getting a couple of kid free hours to get my son's birthday shopping done I needed a bite to eat. My man suggested Bahama Breeze because he was in the mood for fish. I was just hungry and didn't care so off we went. Joanna was our server and she was lovely. I would definitely give her 4 our of 5 stars. We started with the Coconut shrimp (which is my man's favorite). It was good but I don't love it like he does. Something about fried coconut flakes just doesn't do it for me...to each his own. I ordered the lobster/shrimp quesadilla with a bowl of the seafood chowder. My quesadilla was fine but nothing to write home about...it could have used some hot sauce. The soup, however, was phenomenal. It was like a crab/shrimp chowder with little fried shrimp on top. It was creamy, smooth, not too salty and hearty enough. It was rich so I couldn't finish it all. My man was a fan and took the rest home for a late night snack. Overall an A-OK experience. I will be back if I think about it.
4	Came here after the longest plane ride ever from Charlotte. Rode around and discovered Bahama Breeze. Me and my friend figured that since the parking lot was full at 2pm on a Friday afternoon...the food must be pretty good. We decided to order our food To-Go and the hostess was very helpful offering some recommendations. We order and we sit around chatting and people watching. After 15 minutes, our food is ready!I ordered the Oak Grilled Chicken Sandwich with lettuce, tomato and goat cheese on Ciabatta bread....AMAZING! The chicken was tender and juicy and well seasoned. The cheese was slightly melted and the lettuce and tomato were fresh and tasty! I ordered the tomato, basil and balsamic vinegarette salad on the side. I ate that on the way back to the resort so fast..I couldnt really tell you how it tasted...so I assume it was good. After the sandwich and and ice cold beer, I slept for hours :) Bahama Breeze?? You have a satisfied customer here! Now...build a restaurant in Virginia/DC area please!!
3	food is ok.Specialty drinks are better.
4	Great fruity island drinks! Seafood dishes are absolutely fresh, not bad for a chain restaurant. Quick service, neat island style decor.  Try the blackened anything.
4	My man and I went here for 'A night to remember'.  It was beautiful as always, wth live plants, live bands and a clean place to eat.  However, since the last time we visited the prices have gone up.We were extremely happy to see our old barender, who make magnificent, frest Mojitos and also our waiter, who was very attentative and went above and beyond the "Call of Duty"One thing that we do suggust is getting some discounts in the reastruant, it would keep a more steady crowd.  I strongly suggust the Crab Claws St. Thomas as an appetizer, and the Shrimp Liguine as a main course.  We were too full to do dessert, but I image it would be wonderful as well!
5	When will you put a Bahama Breeze in SOCAL? I love this place! The appetizer cajon shrimp platter with bread is the best thing I've ever tasted.  I have been writing letters to the company to expand westward for years, but no feedback and no outcome :( BEST FOOD EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	My Island oasis in the middle of Sin City.  We come here every time we come to Vegas.  I know you have no clue who "we" are.... but my whole family.  We plan where we are going to stay, club and when we are going to eat at Bahama Breeze.Let's start with the Cons.... there isn't a location in Southern California.  Then again, id probably spend my rent money eating there all the time.  The Service: Is always wonderful. Haven't had a bad experience yet.  The staff is always helpful and pleasant.  So cheers to them!The Atmosphere: Wonderful!  For someone who has been to the "islands" this place is a good representation.  From the ceiling fans to the music being played.  Not loud, but mellow music.  Helps the food go down better... screw the sugar.The Food:  OMG! Even if everything else was horrible the Food is so good you'd ignore it.Jerk Chicken- my mouth is watering just thinking of them.  They have the perfect amount of jerk flavoring and are fried or baked to perfection.  Crispy on the outside but tender and juicy on the inside.  We made a mistake of sharing an order. Bad idea.  These are too good to share.Beef Patties- Yummy! If flavor and good food aren't you thing... steer clear of this option. Truly a mouth satisfying appetizer.Seafood Paella-So I have had Paella at a number of locations and this is one of the best.  The whole dish is a burst of happiness in your mouth.  I've had this 2 of the last 3 times I went here.  Everything else just doesn't seem to catch my eye.....Always too full for dessert..... maybe next time.
5	I was there a few months ago but thought people should know if my experience...A few people in my life know I am allergic to seafood and I have to be careful where I eat and drink. However, I sometimes take chances when there is something I have a craving for. One recent night, I went to Bahama Breeze (http://www.bahamabreeze.com) because I wanted their West Indies Patties. The friend I was dining with can't eat spicy food so she asked our waiter Jay for a sample of their jerk sauce  but Jay didn't know  how spicy the sauce was so he went and got a sample for her and the chef Dan Strohecker came with him. Since the chef was at the table I figured I would ask if they use the same oil to cook everything. Dan said he couldn't guarantee that they didn't but especially when a rush comes on. He graciously offered to cook the patties in new oil for me in a skillet. I was floored because that has NEVER happened in any restaurant I have ever eaten at. He said they will do anything within reason to ensure their guest enjoy themselves and any allergy issues are addressed.  I thanked him and he went and got started on my patties. Jay brought them to the table and a short time later Dan came back and asked me how they were and he looked down and laughed cuz the plate was empty. He said there's my answer! He said he had never cooked them that way before and didn't know if they would turn out light and crunchy like they do when fried in the deep fryer. I told him not only were they light but the crunch was unbelieveable. Not too hard and not to soft. Just perfect! I thanked him again and told him I would tell all my friends and blog about it. Bahama Breeze is one of the more successful restaurants in Las Vegas and now I know why! The food is exceptional but the service and attention to customers is phenomenal! Beyond anything I have ever experienced before. They are better than 5 star in my book. When you are there, tell Dan what a wonderful chef he is and request Jay as your waiter. You won't be disappointed at all!
5	Bahama Breeze Grilled Chicken, TO DIE FOR! So so good, and my boyfriend ALWAYS orders, Calypso Shimp Linguine....LOVE BAHAMA BREEZE MY FAVORITE!   VERY DELICIOUS!
5	This was an amazing experience!  The drinks were strong, the food amazing, the service top notch!  We wish we had one close to us!  AMAZING!!!Standouts were the onion rings and coconut shrimp.
5	I love place! The first time was many years ago, where I had seafood paella for the very first time. I think that dish made this restaurant memorable, plus the island decor. I think I had a mojito, which was strong, and I couldn't finish it. I don't go to Las Vegas very often, but when I do, this place was always in the back of my mind, and I do get a little sad when we don't get to go eat there. Service had been great for the times we went. We even brought kids with us one time, and they enjoyed the food. I'll be waiting for the next trip to Sin City, and soon so I can use the coupon they sent me by email.
3	Can't say I'm a huge fan of the place, but it is ok for large groups. I'd never heard of this place before I moved to Vegas, but my friend recommended it one night years ago for dinner. I had my reservations once I realized it was owned by the Darden Group, since I'm not a huge fan of Olive Garden and Red Lobster, but I held back on my complaints.I've tried several dishes here over the years and some are hit or miss. The portabello mushroom sandwich lacked flavor and texture and it wasn't as hearty as I was hoping for. I tried a pasta dish on my last visit which I actually quite enjoyed, however.Overall, what I really like about the restaurant is that it's a great place for groups. There are lots of spaces to socialize and and private places. I've even seen weddings and receptions held in the private area. They also have a great little happy hour.
1	I would like to formally thank Bahama Breeze and their staff for their sincere efforts towards RUINING my family reunion dinner on Saturday, July 23, 2011.  God Bless my mother and my aunts for their hard work in putting this thing on and for keeping everyone else patient while this disaster was taking place.  This was by far the worst6 display of service I have ever seen and several formal letters are being sent to their corporate office as I write this.  My family had made arrangements with their business office to hold our reunion here for a buffet-style dinner.  We do not live in Las Vegas (none of us do) so we did everything via fax and phone.  We have been to this location on several occasions over the years, so we are familiar with the food and always had really good service here.  I also always enjoyed the food, so we thought this would be the perfect place to host our family reunion dinner.  Anyway, so the contract we made was for three main entrees (seafood paella, baby back ribs and Jamaican grilled chicken) , three side dishes (yellow rice, green beans, creamed sweet potatoes) and their signature green salad.  This was all to be served buffet-style with unlimited choice of soft drinks, tea/coffee and iced tea. The price negotiated was $35 per person.  We brought in our own cakes for dessert which they kept in the back refrigerated for us.  This was a group of approximately 31 people.  Kids' menu items were to be paid for separately as well as cocktails, beer and wine. Each table would get their own bill for those things separately (and for anything else you want on the regular menu).From the beginning, service problems began.  There were two servers who primarily came in our area.  Over the course of the evening, we had to literally chase these people down for drinks and just basic service.  It was horrible.  I noticed that the buffet serving containers were quite small for the amount of people in party and they emptied very quickly.  Nobody was there to replace to food.  People sat with food while others had to wait a long time before being able to get food.  The salad bowl probably could serve about 6 to 8 people, so when that emptied (no other food was out or available at this point), people just sat their for a good 20 minutes before they brought out more.  This was the ongoing theme of the night.  Need a refill on that ice tea? Be prepare to never get it unless you run around trying to find the waiter to get some.  Nobody was attending to our party.  Nobody was busing the plates so we literally had pile them in the middle table.  Kids' orders were not brought out in a timely manner so the kids were eating like an hour into dinner service.  Remember the tea and coffee? None was offered to anyone and we paid for it!  And to top off , when the staff did make an appearance, they had really nasty attitudes about it.  No apologies.  So where was the manager in all this? Certainly not rolling up his sleeves trying to help his clearly overwhelmed waitstaff.  He was somewhere else, making excuses that there were other big parties going on.  NOT OUR PROBLEM.  Look, this was clearly an understaffed event and the lack of attention to ANY sort of detail shows that, but come on! It was just blatantly bad.  Poor attitude and unapologetic staff is just a reflection of the management's nonchalance for literally pissing all over this party.  We had babies crying from hunger, we had piled up dirty plates, plenty of empty glasses and annoyed family members.  Thank goodness we are good spirited people, kept the party going and did our raffles and announcements and passed out cake as planned. We tried not to let our experience at Bahama Breeze ruin our getting to catch up with each other and have fun, but damn! Work with us here! We could have just gone to a buffet at one of the casinos for this and we probably should have. Oh and I haven't even gotten to how salty the food was!  The paella was nearly inedible even though they did not skimp on seafood, does it matter if they pour a whole container of salt in it?  Dry chicken, hard to cut with my knife.  However, the ribs were decent as were the green beans and sweet potatoes..but wait..something was missing.  Mom did not realize this until after but they forgot our yellow rice.  We have a few people in our party who are allergic to seafood so the paella was out, hence the reason for the yellow rice side.  I guess everything else was so bad we forgot about the missing side. Anyway, my mom called their business office and got it refunded.  Either way, I could think of sooo many other places to host a dinner like this that would have gone so much smoother.  They really should be ashamed for doing such a sloppy-ass job.
3	Good food and great service. Server Jon D was great, had a lot of helpful information and really knew the menu. Came here expecting good jerk chicken but it was just OK. This place has "Caribbean influenced" cuisine. I had the chicken (jerk style) with the roasted corn over potatoes and what i think was a cilantro cream sauce, the dish was very good. I would prefer more of the roasted corn. The combination of the cilantro cream and corn work very well together. The Chicken wings are quite good as well. The food was ok and a star just for the service.
5	This place is awesome! Our family was there twice this week while we were in Las Vegas on vacation. Everything we had was great. From the filet mignon to the coconut shrimp, and their new burger is great! And the discriminating kids with us loved their slider burgers and the chicken strips! And don't forget the 20 oz Aruba Red beer to enjoy with your meal!We've been eating here every time we are in Las Vegas and they haven't let us down yet.
5	Las Vegas Carribean TREASURE! Love love this place. We always start with the Fire-Roasted Jerk Shrimp... AAMAZING! It has all the perfect ingredients you can taste. The shrimps are sitting in a pool of this tangy buttery sauce- garlic, tomatoes,thyme.. the sauce is so great you want to drink it but don't go for the spoon just yet, they bring out this warm cuban bread for dunking!... mmm!Another favorite is the Jamaican Grilled Wings, they are slow roasted to get the skin crispy, but once you bite into them you will taste the tender chicken they pair them with spicy jerk sauce (which you will most likely want your own for dunking)Drink favorite- Frozen Bahamarita! sweet, tangy and freshing.This is a must try when in VEGAS! Enjoy!
5	Try their Cuban Sandwich...enough said!
3	Awesome appetizers and awesome desserts! Unfortunately, I have been three times and cannot, for the life of me, seem to remember a single entree. Must have appetizers  are as follows: West indies Beef patties, fire roasted jerk shrimp, crab claws st. thomas, island onion rings,  jamaican jerk wings.
4	Came for Happy Hour. The bar was full but as we were on our way out, a bartender, Wayne, stopped us and said he was setting up outside. Wayne, couldn't have been nicer he knew exactly what we needed (drinks, food, water, check) and we never had to ask for anything.  I'd definitely return.
4	Good food, great drinks and yummy deserts - its like Olive Garden for the Island Fare.
4	I love this place and there's a lot on their menu I really like.  I decided to try their new hummus appetizer.It came out VERY thing and served with some sliced veggies and some crispy pita bread sorta thing.  The side items were very good, and I did actually like the hummus but it needed more carribean kick in the flavor and not be so thin and bland.I tried their new Shrimp and 4 cheese grits.  The dish was made perfect and so were the grits but again everything was bland. It needs more kick in the flavor dept.  The pineapple upside down chocolate cake was soooooooooo yummmy though.  Their seafood chowder is always good, and I've had their black beans and fish tacos many times and it is definitely yummmy.  I will definitely keep coming back to this place again.  I just prefer more spice/flavor in my dishes. (spice doesn't mean spicy, just fyi)
5	This is one of our favorite places to eat in Las Vegas.  We always have great service and when we were there this week it was no exception. They used to serve a great chicken salad with their black bean and corn salsa, they took it off the menu a few years ago but they always make it special when we ask about it.  That is what I call service.Prices are reasonable and the staff is always friendly.  I wish they would bring this restaurant to Portland, Oregon!
1	Seriously? Chicken wings came out in 3 minutes. That's amazing! How can you cook chicken in 3 minutes?Chorizo sliders were soggy, had to send them back. If you're looking for pre-made food this is your place. If you like good, quality food I don't recommend Bahamas Breeze.
4	This is the restaurant of choice for me if I need to relax and want to enjoy some good food. The ambiance is very calming, most of the waiters will joke around with you, and provide good service that is reasonably fast, but they don't act like they are under pressure when you interact with them. For example, if you ask for a doggy-bag with your check, they will draw a personalized, island inspired sketch on the container for you, and talk to you while they do it. Small details such as this add to the relaxed charm of the Bahama Breeze experience.It is a perfect casual sit-down restaurant to go to with friends at the end of a long work week, especially if you are in the mood for something unique.My personal favorite dish is the seafood paella.
3	I've been here a few times.  It's a convenient place for lunch.  I think what this place does well is drinks, desserts, and service.  The mojitos tend to be a little sweet for me but they get the job done.  The banana bread dessert was amazing the last time I had it, as was the pineapple upside down cake.  And the servers have always been fun and friendly.  Oh, and free wi-fi.  Gotta love that!The entrees need some work though.  They all tend to be really greasy.  I did not see one pasta without cream sauce, except on the kids menu.  You can make some ok food here if you are creative, but it'll take you about 5 minutes to order with all the special requests.  My favorite is probably the chicken kabob with steamed broccoli instead of rice.  Yes, even the rice was too greasy for me.  But the servers have always been willing to put in special requests and get the meal just the way I want it.  The problem is that it has taken a lot of experimentation to get there.  They used to have a lemongrass chicken sandwich that was decent but they took it off the menu. Oh well, I can always just stick to a liquid diet.  :)
2	Tempted by Caribbean food we headed to Bahama Breeze.  What we really found was very bad Caribbean inspired chain restaurant food with fake enthusiastic waiters.Everything is god awful.  Tasteless processed shrimp, fried chicken straight from the freezer bag, fake Caribbean food, obesity sized portions, to over bearing super enthusiastic waiter that just wants to sell sell sell... it was a disaster.  You could stick a knife in his gut and he would still smile and say that was the most thrilling fun he's had he ever had and then try to sell you a tasty signature yummy cocunut piss flavored drink.For the first time ever, only half the food was eaten and doggie bags were clearly declined.  I felt so cheated, I honestly thought this was a non-chain, real caribbean restaurant.
2	I had the very bland fish tacos and my husband had the fried chicken. The service was friendly but the food is was very disappointing, because it didn't have much favor. We asked our server for various sauces trying to add taste to our meal but it didn't improve much. We won't be back.
4	I have been to Bahama Breeze (this location) many times, and I have never been disappointed.  During my last visit, I realized that they discontinued my favorite dish... so I was grumpy from the get-go.  However, I tried something new... and it was great!  So I have a NEW favorite!  My fiance got their quarterly special - a pork loin with mushroom sauce - and was blown away.  He said it was one of the best restaurant meals he had ever had.  We like this place!
5	i just love the customization of seafood you can make. how you want it cooked, what sauce, what rub, what sides..it's an amazing restaurant with fantastic environment and great service. top 5 restaurant in vegas to me..along with capriottis and secret pizza at cosmo.
4	Most of the time, this place rocks!  The happy hour specials work!  The Bahamarita is, by itself, a reason to come here.  One recommendation that is a have to if you like this place: sign up to get their emails.  Once or twice a year, they have free parties.  You can RSVP for up to five people.  They serve free food and drink.  The last one, they only gave you one free drink (in the past it was unlimited).  BUT I won a gift card to come back and dine.For regular dinning, the coconut shrimp or the seafood paella.  Yum!
5	went beyond my expectations!!! food,ambiance and service was awesome. I highly recommend the firecracker shrimp and the grilled chicken with cilantro cremation. we will definitely be back.
4	I was pleasantly surprised!  Honestly wasn't expecting much, but my chicken tortilla soup was really good.  Very flavourful and featuring a lovely broth.  My server, Victor, was delightfully snarky whilst demonstrating waiterly competence.  My lunch companions were equally happy with their meals and we all wished we could stay longer to enjoy the island ambience.
4	I've eaten at this restaurant a couple of times and there food is pretty good overall. I like the theme of the place...makes me feel like I'm on a tropical island. I absolutely love their bathrooms...I feel bathrooms say a lot about a restaurant. They were very clean, nicely decorated, full size doors for every stall, big size stalls, and they have mouth wash with individual cups so you can be minty fresh as you leave.The food:Lobster and Shrimp Quesadilla- It was good but I imagined something different so it was tasty but I felt it was missing a bit more flavor. Glad I tried it but I'll probably go with something else next time.Seafood Chowder- That was delicious, had a good amount of shrimp and vegetables and was creamy, I loved it.Cobb Salad- It was big and came with the usual fixings but I've had better cobb's in my life. Coconut Shrimp- Mmm...mmm...mmm...a must if you eat at this restaurant. Perfectly fried and packed with flavor.Chocolate Pineapple Cake- I don't like chocolate but I do love pineapple and this dessert called to me. It was warm, rich, and melted in my mouth. I suggest sharing because it's very decadent...I needed a glass of water when I finished. They have a large menu so there's something for everyone and they have a good selection of tropical alcoholic drinks.
4	Heading out of Vegas after a nice weekend we wanted to grab a bite to eat off of the strip. It's my job to choose our restaurants so as we drove by Bahama Breeze something made me say say "stop, turn here!" I'm glad we did.  It's your typical chain restaurant with oversized booths and waiters in tropical shirts, but we were both pleased with our meals and our friendly waiter. We had the beef empenada appetizer, the chicken kabob over yellow rice and the fresh jerk salmon of the day. The food was seasoned well and the menu has plenty to choose from without being overwhelming. The food was reasonably priced for lunch and the portions were great, not too much food it was perfect. Our waiter was so sweet and even gave us a tip on a great place to go shopping! The tropical drinks looked great, so next time I visit I would like to try one.  It was a nice relaxing comforting lunch to end our fun trip in Vegas.
2	I made a big deal to my wife that we had to go to Bahama Breeze this time while we were in Las Vegas.  We went Monday night and a lot of reviewers commented that the concept for the restaurant and it is terrific...it really is nice.  But for us, that was where it ended.  Our service was very good (Thanks Sparky!)  My wife had the curry chicken for dinner...it was so dry and lacked flavor she could not eat it.  She ordered a strawberry magarita and she got a mango margarita instead.  We sent it back and this time it came back with only a little mango in it.  WTF?  The bartender could not make a most simple drink?!?!  To top off our drink issues...The pour on the tequila had to have been a 1/2 ounce if that...it was like drinking mix only and then it was served in a martini glass!.  If you don't have margarita glasses put it in a hurricane glass, those they had..  I had the paella and a couple of beers...it was a safe bet .  My daughter had the jerk chicken pasta, again, just okay, kind of lackluster in flavor.  To drink, she ordered a Bailey's and coffee...served in a regular ol' coffee mug.  A place like this I would have expected a clear mug to showcase the drink...nope, didn't happen.  I know some of this may seem like petty things but...our bill was close to $100 for the 3 dinners, drinks oh...and an appetizer.  The entrees did not come with any type of salad offering either.  Over priced and the Monday night bartender(s) needs a bit work.  We did voice our comments to the manager (actually we were going to leave and our server sent the manager to us!).  He said he will talk to his staff and try to fix things.  He did give us 3 comp drink tickets to use anytime.  One thing we do not do is complain to the manager in order to get a comp meal, we usually will talk to the manager AFTER we pay.  Getting comp'd is not the point, bringing issues to management's attention so they can resolve the problem is the larger issue.
3	I have been here a few times and never was the biggest fan, but I will laud Bahama Breeze on my experience today: my friend Susan D. dropped her business card in while at lunch a few weeks ago and won a free happy hour party for 10 people (drinks we had to buy at happy hour prices, which is $3-$4) but it included all sorts of appetizers...and it was seemingly unlimited...for TWO HOURS!  Happy hour is 4-6 PM Monday through Friday, and there are lots of drinks but it looked like only 5 or so choices for apps.  Well, our bartender Melissa hooked it up with more than that and even though there were only 5 of us, she furnished a second round of our faves and almost ordered a third round...of FOOD...and we had to turn her down!To drink I had the bahamarita, with strawberry, kiwi and mango slush and margarita on top with a side shot of cactus schnapps...interesting and almost like alcoholic jamba juice.  I tried a variety of apps (beef patties which were really empanadas with creole seasoning, coconut shrimp, spinach dip, chicken wings, and chicken sliders) and they also brought out cheeseburger sliders, chorizo sliders, and pulled pork sliders, none of which I tried.My conclusion is this: 1) a good deal for a free meal,2) the empanadas, shrimp, and wings were good, the dip not so much, and3) THE CAT IS OUT OF THE BAG: the chicken sliders tasted like MINI CHICK-FIL-A sandwiches!I hardly ever eat fried food but I had 4 of these, 2 each round.  Hearty juicy fried white meat chicken, 2 pickle slices, and a tasty bun (that probably has less butter than CFA, a good thing!)I might die tomorrow but I have to say that after being away from Chick-Fil-A for quite some time, Bahama Breeze solves that craving.  Now if only I can find good waffle fries ever since Caribbean Cooker went out of business.Moral of this story: Go to Bahama Breeze between 4 and 6, order 1 happy hour priced chicken sliders app and 1 drink for $3 and you will thank me later.  and get Melissa as your bartender, she rocks!
1	I went to this restaurant with a large group of 60 people. We have the restaurant two weeks notices that we were coming. When we arrived tables were not set up, we had to set up ourselves. It took thirty minutes before our orders were taken, then it took another hour and a half to get out food. Keep in mind we were prepaid and had three items from the menu to choose from, burger, tacos, or pasta (not complicated dishes). The food tasted good, however some were cold by the time we got it. Also 6 people did not receive their food until 30 minutes after most of the party received their food. And in the end two people never received any food at all. Over all it was a terrible experience, if you are traveling in a large group DO NOT go to this restaurant. I don't know how it is when you are with two or three people verse 60, but clearly the restaurant can not handle large parties, and should have NEVER accepted us as such a large party.
3	Great ambiance, good drinks, good food, average service, chaotic kitchen. Our local Bahama Breeze closed several years ago so when we were in Las Vegas we dropped in. We love the ambiance, we loved the specialty drinks. We ordered our salad, entree, and desert. We waited about 30 minutes before they finally bought out the entree before the salad. I told them to take the entree back and start over by serving the salad first, then the entree, then the desert. While waiting for we started noticing that all the orders in our area of the restaurant were wrong. The servers were running around like keystone cops trying to correct everyone's orders. We finally got our food and it was delicious. However, they need to organize their kitchen.
5	First time here and I loved it!$3 Sangria at Happy Hour was awesome! Our group of 4 all loved their food.I had the Buttermilk fried chicken layered with spinach, tomatoes and melted cheese.It was delicious.Everything I tasted was good.I will definitely go back... wish they had this place in CA.Also, the bathroom is really nice and they even have mouthwash which is a cool touch!Guess I'm easily impressed!
4	DELICIOUS BIKINI APPLE-TINI, fyi :)I had the salmon pasta that came with bread. It was decent, not terrible.Hubby had and enjoyed the jerk chicken pasta.Hubby's grandma had the seafood chowder and loved it.We all shared the key-lime pie (which was my first time having it) and it, too, like the apple-tini was DIVINE!If I'm ever back in Vegas (we came here right after we landed in Vegas), will definitely be coming back!
4	I always love going here with friends for fun and yummy food and great island cocktail concoctions!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! We were a group of 10 and we didn't really have any problems with our orders. The food is delicious! The staff is really nice, depends on what time of the day you go to, though. We went during lunch, and it was packed but nothing I couldn't enjoy. I really wish they had this place in California!
1	Restaurant seemed mostly empty. Was given a pager and was told no more than 10 minutes to wait. 20 mins later i was seated. Waiter was very friendly, but a little too sparky for me. Took a half an hour to take our dinner order. Have been here over an hour and still haven't gotten my food yet. Wait. Just came. How am I supposed to eat this whole burger with this little bitty cup of ketchup? Smh. My daughter ordered her burger medium well. It was burnt to a crisp. Food over all was bleh.  Service was friendly, but horrible.
5	Lobster and shrimp pasta was the best pasta I have ever tasted.The server was knowledgeable about the menu and offered several suggestions. Lemonade was best I have tasted. Portions were too much for me to eat. Enjoyed the rest of it in the morning in the hotel room. Overall awesome experience.  I visit Vegas for all Mayweather fights so this place is definitely on my short list.
4	I just  moved here and my sister came to visit me.  I wasn't familiar with the restaurants  yet, but we found this place on the Internet.  We went on a Sonday evening after making 'call ahead seating' reservations.  When we arrived, we were seated right away.  The service was immediate and friendly.  The menu has a good selection and a huge drink menu.  The atmosphere was  very  authentic  and casual.  Easy to find and  their own parking lot right off the street.  My sister had a fabulous tropical drink, suggested by our waiter, that she not only loved but only cost $6.00.  We both had seafood which was fabulous.  When the bill arrived, we were pleasantly surprised how reasonable it was for all we got.  We will definitely be going back again and I will recommend this place to everyone!
5	We loved this place! Great atmosphere, great food, great service. I had a drink called something like "Bahamacardi" and it was so good! The shrimp linguine was delicious, and my sister said her fish was too. I can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas.
5	I love this place for the atmosphere, food, drink but most of all the service. when you go out to dinner you want to feel like your on vacation and that's what I get when I go there. My favorite meal is the Ribs.  They are fall off the bone delicious. The guava BBQ sauce is like no other rib sauce I've ever tried. The staff is always hospitable from the time I walk in the door.
5	Always love coming to Bahama Breeze! I have never had a bad meal here! Today we had the Jamaican Grilled Chicken Wings as an appetizer. The wing is the full wing and they are delicious! You can order in 4's or 8's! As an entree I had the Breeze Wood Grilled Chicken with a Citrus Butter sauce, Broccoli & Mashed Cinnamon Sweet Potatoes! Yummy!! The chicken was grilled perfectly! The broccoli was steamed just right and the sweet potatoes were mmm good! I had a bite of my husband's Calypso Shrimp Linguine and the shrimp was very tender and there was just the right amount of sauce! He also had a Barbados Rum Punch and said it almost tasted like the ones we had in Barbados! It was actually made with the same rum! We've been coming to Bahama Breeze since we lived in Orlando,  so about 15 years. Out there we would wait up to 3 hours(it was well worth the wait) on a Fri/Sat night! Was glad when they opened the one here that it was much bigger!! We'll be back!!
4	A little bit off the strip but was a great choice. Came here for dinner and had the Lobster and Shrimp. Presentation was good and the flavors really came out in the dish. Gave you a fresh after taste as well. Worth a visit!!Food: 8Service: 8
5	Great atmosphere and food  awsome selection of cocktails.  Daniel is an awsome server
5	Our server, Trey is always fun. Everything we've tried here has been great.Happy hour is m-f, 4-6.$3 cocktails.$4 specialty drinks.$5 appetizers.
5	My girlfriend got me hooked on this place...  The jerk fire shrimp!!!!  YES YES!!!  please ask for the sauce be chunky and the bread that you can dip into the chuncky sauce!!! YES YES!!!   :)   The coconut shrimp is recommended as well...!!!If you go to this place during the happy hour for $20 you can get full on the appetizers(jerk shrimp as I recommend) and at least two drinks.... And during the peak hours on the weekends, this is a place you can chill with that special someone and and enjoy a romantic eveing out...
5	Happy hour is m-f, 4-6.$3 cocktails.$4 specialty drinks.$5 appetizers.
5	loved their chicken wings!!!coconut shrimp was yummy!love the caribbean theme!--
5	We love Bahama Breeze so much we invited over 40 of our family and friends  to join us for our wedding rehearsal dinner! Natalie's staff is amazing. Great food, wonderful staff and fun atmosphere.
5	Where do I start, this place exceeded my expectations and I'm soooo glad we chose this restaurant over the sushi place next door to it. We started off with the coconut shrimp, which was delicious (the dipping sauce is really good). We also had the chicken wings and they were flavorful and finger licking good:-)The mojitos are by far the best mojitos that I have EVER had and I've had lots and lots of mojitos!!! They had just enough sugar and mint and they had a pretty good kick to them, not to mention they were only $4.00 (during HH). Did I mention they had a pretty good kick:-) They were so good, we went back the next day, just for the mojitos (and not during HH - they were $7.00 each). For our main entrees, we ordered buttermilk fried chicken breast..OMG this dish is delish!!!!It's a layered dish of mashed potatoes, chicken breast, topped with spinach onions and cheese, and then layered again with another chicken breast and potatoes. On the side, the dish also included corn and black beans drenched in a wonderful sauce.  It sounds like alot and it is, don't worry about that, get a to go box if you have to. This dish is awesome and a must to try. I would order it again in a heartbeat. The atmosphere is nice (tropical theme) and the waitstaff was friendly and accommodating. Great job Bahama Breeze!
1	Not so great the only thing good i had was the drinks. Jerk chicken -dry, coconut shrimp was ok- sauce was nasty, and the dip for the chips were nasty..... Will I return hell- noEVERYTHING left on the table not really touch but empty drink glasses
1	This place is a total joke. Our server was an absolute jerk who refused to give us menus because we sat down in the bar table area without getting menus from the dimwitted hostess. Then he went off on a tangent about how there was a miscommunication and we should not have been seated without menus. He is the definition of a low wage uneducated worker. So then i go to the bar and tell the bartender i want two drinks for me and my date (who looked better in her photos ) and he says he will let our server know because im in his section. I go off on the dude because i just want to get two drinks and carry them the 2 feet from the bar to the table right behind me, but he refused to do this cause it wasn't fair to the server. What a bunch of degenerates at this chain hell. The manager came over and eventually offered to buy me 2 drinks, but hell no because he defended his erver. Ended up walking out on my ugly date, who was sitting at the table wondering what the hell she should do and also this Bahama Breeze forever. Letter to corporate also sent, but a canned response was received. Punks.
2	We thought we would try this place because we were close by and were in the mood for some fruity drinks. I had the skinny mojito and my lady had the bahama-rita. The drinks were the best part of our experience. Both were awesome and reasonably priced. We had the fish taco's and a cheeseburger. The fish taco's tasted like a sewer, but my cheeseburger was ok. The quality of ground meat wasn't really of my liking, but the avocado was great. This place is huge and it felt like we were secluded in our own little corner--too lonely.  I definately would have preferred to sit closer to the center of the restaurant.  I don't think they clean that part of the building because we saw a lot of dust falling from somewhere right above our food. The table light illuminated the particles as we covered our drinks and plates with our hands. Ummm yeah. A few more drinks and we probably wouldn't have noticed. Unfortunately we weren't that saucy.  WIth so many good restaurants in the area, I don't think we will be back.
5	The hardest thing is deciding where to start, especially considering I never write reviews.  We had never been to Bahama Breeze before and with trying any new place there is always that slight worry. We walked up to a restaurant that looks as if it was flown in from the Caribbean up to the hostess' stand and were warmly greeted. We were shown our way to the table and were given their menu which has an extensive selection, especially the house cocktails. We were delightlfully greeted by our server Sandra and we informed her it was our first time and we would need a moment to take in the vast menu. She was truly polite and gave us some suggestions and brought us our water while we mulled everything over, that's when our excitement started going up as we looked at the specialty drinks. I'm not a drinker and the fact that these drinks caught my eye is a good sign. We started off by ordering a truly delicious Bahama Margharita (an infusion of pineapple, strawberry and kiwi with tequila) and my girlfriend a Strawberry Banana Daquiri. Both drinks made to perfection. We started our appatizers in a simple manner with wonderfully crisp coconut shrimp as well as chips and salsa, both which were brought to us very quickly, while we continued to look at the menu. All the while Sandra keeping an eye on us and ensuring our satisfaction. Finally we decided to settle on the Baby Back Ribs for myself an the Filet Mignon for her. The meal was astounding. The ribs were falling off the bone and well sauced, and the mashed potatoes I requested with them were delicously creamy and flavorful. My girlfriends filet was cooked to perfection and her sides were enjoyed with gusto. We ordered another round of drinks (keep in mind drinks aren't my thing so they must be good for me to order another) but we decided to try something different. My girlfriend tried The Blue (something, I don't recall the rest of the name sadly) and I enjoyed the Berry Berry Good. Both of us would share drinks to try more of a variety and we fell absolutey in love with the Berry Berry Good, as i quote my girlfriend, "next time I'm getting five of these.'  I'm confident I will as well.Next we go on to the dessert. When we are as stuffed as were at the end of a meal we don't even consider it, but we figured this place has been so amazing how can we say no? Dulce de Leche Cheesecake and a Chocolate Island (a chocolate cake with chocolate mousse sitting in a delicate sea of a vanilla bean sauce) I didn't want to take it home, i just wanted to eat everything there and get another order to go, it was that incredible. We were so delighted at the end of the meal and asked to see the manager (Jesse is his name) and couldn't begin to describe how happy we were.All this alone provides something worth noting, but what will truly brings us back beyond anything else is Sandra. We can confidently say that she is without a doubt the greatest server we have ever had. Truly charismatic and professional. When were were looking at our menus in the beggining we saw that she was busy but never once did she let that bother her nor take away from the quality she was providing not just us but everyone. We had great conversations with her and never once did we feel rushed or neglected, it was the exact opposite. She made our night, so much so that on the drive home we were still talking about how amazing she is (plus the quality of the restaurant) We will absolutely make sure that when we go in next we will request her (and if there's a wait we will not mind at all) I cannot stress enough how she truly is the greatest server we have ever had. She is a gem that must never be lost. Everything about this place is remarkable. They took two first time diners and in one fantastic experience made us die hard fans.
4	Bahama Breeze has consistently presented me with excellent food, and my latest foray here did not disappoint.  The atmosphere is convincingly tropical, with many wood accents and leaf patterns, although the cushioned seat of our booth was pretty hard.Seafood Chowder was excellent; it was a hot and creamy chowder with clams, potatoes, celery, and some zip.  A Caesar Salad with chopped Romaine, cheese shavings, croutons, and a creamy Caesar Dressing was quite good.  Moist Mahi Mahi with several shrimp in a Lemon Cream Sauce was nicely sauteed, and thin Green Beans were good but they were not kept off Diane's plate as requested.  And, Mashed Sweet Potatoes were real tasty.  So was the Republic of Tea Ginger Tea Defcaf that I enjoyed.  There was a choice of sugar, Sweet 'N Low, Equal, and Splenda.  Diane selected Almond-topped and grilled Mahi Mahi with Lemon Butter Sauce and Garlic Mashed Potatoes.  The almonds were presented on the side, although desired to be on the fish itself.  The good-sized portion of fresh fish was well seasoned, and really good even standing alone.  A really large slice of Rebecca's Key Lime Pie was lighter than most such pie slices but very good with a meringue top, crumbly Graham Cracker crust, and strawberry and Lemon gels on the plate.  Cooking was excellent, as before.  Service was good except for the couple of miscues in communication between our server and the kitchen noted above.  I had some trouble in the restroom tyring to use what turned out to be mouthwash as soap.  Next time I will know which dispenser to utilize for its appropriate purpose!* * * * 1/2 Stars overall!
5	love the Tostones!!!!!
4	Our evening didn't start here, my husband and I were out to take my daughter to dinner for her 18th birthday, she decided on Hamada of Japan (DO NOT GO HERE, the service is HORRIBLE). Needless to say we ended up at Bahama Breeze we were seated in the area where there have some steel drums set up and a gentleman playing on them.We were greeted by our server Ivan who was awesome...GREAT Lobster and Shrimp Linguine and Cuban Sandwiches...OOOH and the house Pina Colada!!!!
3	Well I missed the $10 burger and a beer promo they have going on, but I didn't need that for lunch anyhow.I don't understand why their tables are so high. I mean I'm 5'3" I get it--I'm not tall but when I sit in their booth the table is like at my chin.  I can't even imagine what little kids have to deal with. I almost asked for a booster chair if I would've thought my butt would've fit in it [should've tried anyhow]. Strike 1When we originally sat down it kinda smelled like cat pee, so we asked for another booth by the window-it was THAT bad, that one smelt much better; however, I was still chin deep in table.  Not the most comfortable way to eat lunch. Strike 2I asked if they had a calorie menu so that I could at least try to eat healthy, they did not. Strike 3 next batter.Our waiter was a little behind so another guy came over to take our drink orders. By the time he was done our waiter came over and took our order but basically asked all the same questions twice. So that was kind of annoying but we made it happen.What saved this place today [otherwise the stars would be much lower] was the food. I got the chicken tortilla soup [no tortilla strips-extra limes] and the fish tacos, ancho cream sauce on the side.  Both were delicious and actually pretty healthy [soup is like 300 calories 12 grams of fat, tacos 550 calories not sure how but 26 grams of fat? according to their website] minus the sodium which is super high in both.  I think next time I'll go with the plain old grilled fish.  My meal with drink was under $13.whoohooWhen we left we inquired about their happy hour apparently it's 4-6 M-F but she couldn't tell us what nights or times the steel drum band guy played Strike 4.
3	In general I'm not a fan of chains but this place does it right and I've had some fun times here.  They make some really nice drinks and the food is decent.  Some of the food items aren't all that great with a few being grossly bland while others approach greatness.  The drinks generally outshine the food and are among the prettiest and most colorful concoctions I've ever seen while often being a bit too weak on the booze for my palette.  This is a pretty large restaurant that always seems to have a crowd and I really prefer sitting at the bar to be closer to the action so I don't get lost in the horde of other customers.  This isn't a place I would hang out all the time but it certainly can be fun on occasion for a little imaginary tropical flavor.
4	We were looking for a reception site for our wedding that was laid back and would give us more time to actually mingle with our guests.  We decided on Bahama Breeze, and it was great!  The food was fantastic!  Our reception was at 9pm so we did the appetizer buffet for about 25 people, and everyone loved the food!  The atmosphere was light and fun, and I think everyone had a good time!  The only reason I only gave it 4 stars was because a few times throughout the night the staff would come up to me and ask me what to do or what needed to be done, and I kind of felt like it should be their job to already know what should/needed to be done.  Other than that the staff was very friendly and we enjoyed ourselves!
2	This place fell off big time since '05.  I keep giving it a chance because they have some dishes I really can't get anywhere else, but I'm too through with thier poor service.  The last several times I dined my servers had attitudes, bartenders have made me pitiful drinks and act as if  they don't see you while they engage in personal conversation.  I always ordered thier breeze salad but the lettuce is consistently ugly so I have to peruse it first. The last straw were my parents choosing this place for a nice date night, only to have the waitress spill the drink in his lap... something from a sitcom.  No compensation, zero f**ks given ha! Step your game up you all.
4	Good food for a decent price.  The pinapple upside down cake was chocolaty and amazing.  Our server, Rand, was great too.
4	We started out wanting some good drinks, non alcoholic of course, and it was happy hour. We asked if the non alcoholic drinks were available at a discount and thy told us only the alcoholic drinks were. We didn't understand so we requested a manager. So far not so good...but the manager had a change of heart...so that was good. We shared a chicken cilantro cream dish that was fabulous. We also had some great chicken sliders, coconut shrimp, and some chicken wings.Overall it was great food, fast service, and cool atmosphere. We will defnitely come back.
3	Happy hour 4-6 PM is Awesome!!! The specials are about $5 each for food and drinks.
3	I came here with my family over Thanksgiving holiday for lunch.  We were getting sick of buffets so decided to try something different.  Food is average.  We ordered the wings (big size!), lobster quesadillas with side of seafood chowder, coconut shrimp with side of chicken tortilla soup and portabello mushroom burger.  Only items that stood out were the seafood chowder and wings.  Burger was not very good, something about all the ingredients and manchego cheese just did not work well together.  Their signature lemonade with cane sugar is very good.  Overall, the ambiance is cute and tropical inside.  Nice getaway from the Vegas crowds!!
4	As locals we love this place, its really good food, the fish is always fresh and delicious. Staff is courteous fun and knowledgeable. Close to the strip without the strips outrageous pricing!  We repeat at least once.
4	overall pretty good.. applewood bacon & cheddar burger was so bomb.. they use fresh ground beef so don't be scared 2 order it a little red if u like it that way...service was fast and always attentive..
3	Food is enjoyable and portions are big. Tried there Jamaican chicken wings and jerk shrimp. Both were average.
5	This place is awesome.  Cool atmosphere, great staff and terrific food.
4	We were starving when we left the Atomic Testing Museum. I suggested Bahama Breeze because it was conveniently close and their Coconut shrimp was beckoning me! I also love their dessert drinks. I feel like I'm on a mini vacation when I come in here. Maybe it's the Banana Strawberry Daiquiri that puts me in the mood. The sips I took were fantastic ! My husband didn't like his Sangria (they don't serve it with fruit in the glass) so he drank half of my Daiquiri. My sister in law who is the "non drinker" wanted to taste it so I let her.  I started with the Coconut Shrimp ($9.49) for an appetizer it is big enough to be the whole meal. I just love the Citrus Mustard sauce it is served with...it's addicting! My sister in law shared her Roasted Cuban Bread ($5.99) . It had sliced vine tomatoes, basil, and Parmesan cheese. It was good ...It think it would be nice to eat with a salad. My main entree was the Calypso Shrimp Linguine ($13.99 lighter portion). I'm glad I ordered the lighter version because it tasted okay but it was nothing to write home about. It tasted a bit bland to and I would not order it again. We ended the dinner by ordering two desserts to share with the table. We had the Chocolate Island which is a chocolate mousse on a fudge brownie swimming in milk chocolate and vanilla bean anglaise. This was my favorite of the two! The second dessert was Banana Nut Supreme it has sliced bananas and vanilla ice cream topped with butterscotch brandy sauce. It tasted okay but everyone at the table liked the Chocolate Island the best! This is a nice place to unwind after work because they also have a Happy Hour menu!
4	I met a friend here during their happy hour. Very pleased with the variety of items, service was very good and the price was very reasonable. We had three appetizers and a split a nice dessert. The server was attentive and friendly. Another staffer stopped by and asked how everything was a very nice touch.
3	The place is HUGE inside!!!  The food was really good... the firecracker shrimp were my favorite for the night... only downfall, the service was just a little slow!
4	Last month was my first time checking out their happy hour. & let me just say.. amazing!! Great prices on great drinks and food. Bahamaritas are my favorite. A must try! The sangria was ok.. not the best, but hey I drank it anyway. I also got a Blue Moon which I love. As far as food goes, we ordered most of the happy hour menu. Lots of food! The only reason I'm giving them four stars is because the service was pretty slow. It took foreeeever to get the check and then even longer to pay. But overall, very nice happy hour experience. I've been many times not during happy hour and I always get the jerk chicken pasta. It's soooo good!
5	Came to Vegas for my Dirty 30 birthday celebration. We had a party of 18 and I was trying to find a reasonably priced place with a large selection of choices. Thank goodness I picked Bahama Breeze! I tried to make a reservation a week or so in advance and was told to just call the morning of. I was a little skeptical but thought, ok fine, let's see. Called the morning of and got a reservation, no problem at all. Had to wait about 20 minutes once we got there for the table to be ready, and had to have them add more seats 3 times, for some reason they kept counting wrong. But all the staff was very sweet. Had two servers, one was named "Red", both were AWESOME! Took a while to get drinks out, but with 18 people that can be expected. My hubs and I had some Mojitos, the avocado crab stack, coconut shrimp, fish tacos and side salad with fruit vinaigrette. Everything was DELISH! I mean like super, awesome, very, very good!!!!!! They also let us each have separate checks which made paying SO much easier! Thank you Bahama Breeze for making my birthday dinner amazing! All 18 people loved their food and drinks, and that's not an easy task!
3	First of all I have loved this place over the years! This restaurant has been one of my favorites. We went there tonight for my sister's 61st birthday!. The food was pretty good as always but the service was probably a 2 out of 10. Your server can make or break your experience and our server broke it. From our initial greeting to leaving it seemed she was going through the motions. I noticed other tables had a candle lit. Ours was unlit. I waited 15 minutes and finally lit it my self. Our server just did not want to give us the experience we deserved. Maybe our server was having a bad day or just tired as it was 8:30-9:30 pm. She just didn't smile or seemed enthusedabout serving us. I was also unhappy that they did not sing to my sister and charged 8 bucks for her birthday desert. I have never been charged before at any establishment. My Mojito was all ice. I think the bartender needs a lesson from Havana Grill in Henderson on a proper Mojito. Seafood Paella, wood fire chicken and burger were good but not great. I hope our next experience will be back to the standards we expect from Darden and especially Bahama Breeze.UPDATE:The manager called me today 03/10/13 and offered to make it right.He also stated his first priority was to ensure that i will have a good experience...I want to thank the manager for the phone call and glad to see Bahama Breeze cares about the satisfaction of their costumers.......
5	Great share of the bahamas
2	It's a typical Darden Restaurant. The server was friendly but not very attentive. A manager approached every table but ours. Our appetizer was missing the sauce and no one stop by our table in between the delivery of the appetizer and the entree. I probably won't return to this location.
5	VERY GOOD. I had the jerk shrimp appetizer with the cuban bread and LOVED it. The service was ok, but then again, we had a party of 23 and I dont think they were very well prepared for that. The reason I'm giving 5 stars is because the food was SOOOO good. and the conch frittters; TO DIE FOR.
4	Such a fabulous happy hour deal!The bahamarita was super delicious. Order it if you like tropical goodness, margarita style. If you like coconut..like the malibu rum coconut, you would love the Pineapple Coconut Margarita. Not my cup of tea, but could be yours! I wouldn't recommend the Mojito Cubano unless you're looking for an average glass of mojito. Recommendations off appetizers:Coconut shrimp- Perfect balance of shrimp and batter. Flavor was on point as well. Crispy onion rings- JUMBO sized onion ringsJumbo Lump Crab Cake- Crab can taste a little like the sea, but the shrimp avocado and mango salsa made up for it. This dish tasted really fresh, I would recommend it if you like crab and shrimp. Warm spinach dip, chips, and salsa- The salsa was delicious! Artichoke was mediocre. Chicken quesadillas- Nothing specialButtermilk Fried Chicken Sliders- This was okay, wasn't extra savory or anything. Habanero wings- Disappointment. Wasn't spicy at all. Interior very spacious and our waiter was friendly. Will be back if in the area.
4	Was here for dinner, onion rings were good but huge so were the conch fritters. Our waiter Brandon was funny and helpful with suggestions. Love Bahamas Breeze!
5	We absolutly LOVED this restaurant!! From the beef empanadas, to the baby back ribs, buttermilk fried chicken, seafood paella, and the chocolate island  chocolate mousse!!!! Yummmmmmmmmm we are definetly going back
5	Nice atmosphere. The food was delicious, and our waiter by the name of Brandon was very friendly. I will be back in the future.
3	Work dinners - you want to go somewhere affordable, has something that everyone would like, and have okay food. That's how I feel about Bahama Breeze. Affordable and OK.Our server was fantastic - bright and bubbly, recommended a handful of items. It took us about 20+ minutes to get ready and order, yet she checked on us ever 5 minutes to answer questions.I personally got the Jerk Chicken, with cinnamon sweet potatoes, green beans and a mango pineapple salsa. I didn't taste much of the jerk seasonings - but then again, the menu DID say "mild". The sweet potatoes very very sweet, but it balanced with the salsa and chicken.One of my co-worker's dish was forgotten by the food runner, so our server came by and said the manager comped the dish and a hot plate would be coming right up. Good service!
4	Ate here with the bf about 2 years ago I'm surprised I haven't written my review. Oh well better late than never right? We ordered the jerk chicken, coconut shrimp, seafood paella and warm chocolate pineapple upside down cake for dessert. The coconut shrimp was "yummilicious" (Maggie C I'm stealing your  adjective). Just the right amount of crunchy batter on the outside and plump and juicy shrimp inside. The jerk chicken was ok, I was expecting a little more heat, but then again that's just me and my taste buds. The seafood paella was the bomb. Not as good as my grandma's but close enough so that really says a lot. Of course I had to leave room for dessert. Warm chocolate pineapple upside down cake. Need I say more? It's got three of my most favorite food in the world: chocolate, pineapple and caramel syrup. Yes warm and uber moist chocolate cake topped with juicy, tangy pineapple slice on a bed of gloriously rich and gooey caramel syrup. Love it! Can't wait to go back for more.
5	Jason and Bob at the bar are awesome people. They make you laugh and offer drinks you may like. They made my decision to sit at the bar every time I go to Bahama Breeze.
4	Went here last night with my boyfriend. We are slightly new to Las Vegas and I was really craving a burger..like from Chilies or somewhere like that but we neeeed to be trying new places! I remebered driving by Bahama Breeze and hearing good things about it from people. We sat in the bar and we were gonna order a drink but because it was 106degrees outside...we ended up drinking down lots and lots of water. I went for the portabello/manchanga cheese burger and he went for the Cuban Sandwich which made me happy so we could share. I usually lovve any and most syles of the cuban sandwhich. I skipped fries and went for the black bean soup as my side, which was actually delish; they put a splash of some yummy green salsa on top that made this soup perfect. I did try my boyfreind's fris and they were OK, nothing too special but average and tasty. The burger was good, the mushroom and cheese mix on top was awesome! It was very messy tho and I had to cut it in half of course as my his sandwhich came out cut in half and verrry bit. I enjoyed my sandwhich, I just hate when it falls all apart and is all over the place because then I am not getting the full effect of the flovors together. I was eying his sandwhich and finally took a bite, I was not impressed at all....it was slightly dry and was in need of a special mustard of some kind (honey, spicy..something..), it might of had some mayo on it but it just tasted dry, the bread was OK...it was more of a mixed meat pannini sandwhich if you ask me. He did enjoy it but mainly because he was dipping it in his ranch. I actually brought half of it for lunch to work today, added some honey mustard and it was pretty good. The decore in this place is fun, reminds me of Rain Forest Cafe. I would say it is an affordable, family-friendly place that is OK for the food. Our server was great, no issues there. I did see the happy hour menu and will FOR SURE go in for that some time soon but probably just that...1/2 off apps. and cheap fancy drinks. I think it is only Sun-Thurs though. I am looking forward to hitting the happy hour  but think it is more of a family-friendly place with OK food and funky fish/jungle decore.
3	BBQ ribs were pretty tasty.Also the mens bathroom by the bar smelled like trix cereal. I was oddly satisfied.
4	We love going here! The Jerk Chicken Pasta is to DIE for... Anyone who goes needs to try it out!
4	My wife and I wanted to find a restaurant that had good ratings, was something that "locals" would eat at, and was OFF The Strip.  This restaurant fit the bill perfectly.  Service was speedy, both in seating and in getting our food.  Our server was Sam and she was quite pleasant and knowledgeable, even joking around with me after I made some of my usual sarcastic comments.  I had asked her what was good here and what she'd recommend and, when she told me, I said that I'd trust her and that it would be her fault if my dinner wasn't great...all the time with a smirk on my face.  It turns out that she was right.  One of her recommendations was the seafood paella.  It was the first time I'd had paella and it was awesome!  She asked me later on why I hadn't left her any so that she could have some dinner that night and I said that it was just too good to leave behind.  We both chuckled and she said she was glad to hear it.  The pina colada I had was really good, but stir it up first.  Most of the rum goes in first and is then swirled in with the rest of the drink which resembled a very thick milkshake's consistency.  Yum!  I can easily see myself returning to this restaurant the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	My wife and I went for a 9pm dinner.  It was a slower weeknight and we sat out on the closed patio area.  There was a guitarist playing some light guitar to some background islander music.The service was excellent.  All our drinks were quick. The waiter made some good recommendations which we accepted, and we we're glad we did.  He was also personable.  He stayed and chatted for a bit, and we didn't feel rushed at all. They recently changed up their menu to include rice bowls.  And boy, the Carnitas bowl is pretty amazing.  I will be ordering that often;  It's a new regular dish for me. The reason this place hasn't earned 5 starts, is because their key lime pie leaves a lot to be desired (both my wife and I agree on this).  This should be a staple of a dessert for an islander themed restaurant, and it is a main dish the staff suggest for a dish.
5	Thanks to my boyfriend for introducing me to this place. They got a wide variety of selections to chose from. We went for lunch and prices were the norm.There were plenty of appetizers and alcoholic beverages available. So for those of you who do happy hour with co workers, friends, significant others, on a date...etc..I think this would be a great place to go to whichever the occasion is.For those who are always indecisive with decisions, Bahama Breeze's menu may be hard for you to choose just one thing to order. I was in between a couple dishes but in the end, I went for something healthy: a shrimp rice bowl with grilled/sauteed veggies. Portions were on point for lunch. It was just the right amount to fill me up without that "ugh, I feel so fat and bloated" feeling. However, I DO get full easily though so hmm... My boyfriend got the Caribbean jerk chicken pasta. There was mushrooms in it also. Mine cost $8.95 and his pasta cost....$10-13 I think??? It's been awhile so don't quote me on the exact prices.I will definitely be back.
5	This place to me is like gold in a pile of rubble. I always pass this place and never thought of going in, however my sister dragged me here and I'm glad she did!The architecture is nicely done and reflects buildings found in tropical areas so well that i felt like i was back in Hawaii. There is also a water feature that is in the center of the restaurant, and a bridge takes you over it to the various dining places. We came during happy hour and got a the lobster shrimp quesadillas, skillet simmered jerk shrimp, fried chicken sliders, ultimate pina colada, and a frozen bahamarita.I was really disappointed in the Skillet Simmered Jerk Shrimp and felt a little steered wrong by the menu. I was expecting it to have a lot of seasoning and flavor, however it was just normal shrimp scampi. The lobster shrimp and fried chicken sliders were amazing though and made up for the shrimp scampi.
2	Caribbean food, they said.. 3.5 stars, they said.. Must be good, I said.. Now my stomach hurts. 20$ Lobster & Shrimp Linguine has no flavor. Onion rings are alright, just big and the onion had chewy skin. Orange juice was very diluted with water. Goat cheese burger has a very strong taste for the cheese not recommended if you're not a fan. Shrimp Calpyso is pretty decent.
1	Management sucks! Manager placed me on hold for over 15 minutes. Never ever going here and I will never recommend it. 2 thumbs DOWN!
4	great happy hour specials, this place makes you forget about the desert
5	This place is incredible, the service, the food, the drinks, the atmosphere. I highly recommend this place for anyone. We will definitely be back!!
5	This place rocks! The service is fast, the food is delicious ~ try the jerk wings :)The drinks are tasty.. we have never had bad service or meal coming here. The atmosphere is awesome!
1	Set up is really nice but doesn't make up for everything else. The food is bland and really has no taste. I got the portobello manchega (no taste) my girl got some sort of shrimp plate that just tasted like tomato. Ill give them this, the beef empanadas and artichoke dip were pretty good. House drinks were also very good. Service started off really helpful but drifted shortly. Having the little one with us we found ourselves making a trip to the restroom that you could smell from the bar so watch your step. Don't see us coming back
5	Newer items and portion smaller. Quality still good as well as drinks are strong. Price for two about 80.00. Great family place and a nice location away from strip. Still had to box home so portions that are sliced are not really that small.
4	I visited Bahama Breeze with my boyfriend on August 24th. A friend of his recommended the spot to us. Since it was off the Vegas strip we were seated right away. Our waitress was Jaime. She was very attentive and polite. She had asked us if we had been there before so she could properly introduce us to the menu and even made a few suggestions. I ordered coffee and mentioned I was tired and Jaime frequently stopped by to check if I needed more coffee. I ordered their fish tacos with fries. I really enjoyed their spread for the tacos it had a nice zing to it. The entree came with 3 tacos so it is a large serving. My boyfriend order the chicken and mashed sweet potatoes. YUM!The restaurant is huge. Tall ceilings and lots of sectioned off seating areas with different decor, which made it visually appealing. There was lots of seating in the hostess area as well. I thought the wooden beach chairs were a nice touch.I would definitely return to this establishment.
5	So we were looking for a place to eat Caribbean food at Vegas and found this place... Just out of this world!!! The food, the ambient, everything is amazing!!! You have to try the coconut shrimp, margaritas, and mojitos. I had the Carnitas rice bowl, it is a blend of all caribbean flavors... A party in your mouth!!! At the end we had the banana nut bread dessert, it is amazing!!! Try it!!!
4	Had a business mixer here and loved the staff and atmosphere. The waitress always made sure I had a drink and never went without. Will definitely return!
3	I come here once every year...once out of curiosity and the rest I was forced to do so because I was threatened with a free meal. This place reminds me more of San Diego and not the Bahamas. Service here isn't consistent. Good servers, bad servers and the in-betweens. The food is quite average. I've had great meals when I went to Bahamas so I'd always hope they'd remind me of my trip. They have conch fritters but it's disappointing. I must say their drinks are pretty solid though. Here's some that I've tried: Yaka Hula Hickey Dula:Riesling, pineapple juice and dark rum. I like pineapple/pineapple juice, I like Riesling, rum is ok. Nice fruity but strong drink. 5/5Ultimate Pina Colada:Captain Morgan rum, strawberry and pineapple ice and dark rum. It's like drinking a smoothie - not much alcohol here. 4/5Crispy Onion Rings:Large onions rings breaded with Panko and coconut flakes. The sauce is a sweet mustard...I'm not a fan. 2/5Coconut Shrimp:Shrimps breaded with coconut flakes, citrus-mustard sauce on the side. This is supposed to be a best-seller. I'm still not a fan. 2/5Beef Empanadas:Fried dough filled with beef and potatoes.  Comes with mango salsa and a dipping sauce. Forgettable. 2/5Tostones with Chicken:Fried plantains with sweet peppers, mushrooms, chicken, cheese and tomato salsa. Biggest mistake and probably the worst item on the menu. I love tostones and this was a major let down. There's so much going on with this dish. 1/5Shrimp Creole Bowl, Chicken Curry:Nothing to write home about. 2/5Chicken Tortilla Soup:Chicken breast, tortilla strips, carrots, roasted corn, avocado and lime. This is my go-to menu item when I don't feel like wasting my calories. 4/5Big Island:Chocolate mousse, brownie, milk chocolate sauce and vanilla bean anglaise. Chocolate mousse and vanilla anglaise are yummy...the brownie, not so much. 4/5Warm Chocolate Pineapple Upside Down Cake:Warm chocolate cake with a pineapple ring on top and a molten chocolate center, raspberry sauce and fruits on the side. I love pineapple, I love chocolate but I do not love this dessert. If there's rum in this cake, it would've been delicious. 3/5I've come here and have tried a lot of things on their menu but I just couldn't find anything that's good. I only come here for the liquid diet: soup and alcohol...and maybe the Big Island too. I'm just not in love with this place at all.
5	Coconut shrimp. Good!  Mahi fish tacos ....even better. Best Goombay smashes since we were in Key West...... Ding ding ding!!!!   Great job!!
2	Service without a SMILE.2 nights ago I visited this restaurant (Bohama Breeze) based on a recommendation of a friend who said that it would be a fun and tasty experience.It was neither......I left thinking that I have  more fun at Denny's or Jack in the Box.,  i was prepared to just talk about the under par service my group received, but I looked in the faces of the staff and did not see one smile on one face.  Then I wondered if the theory was correct "A staff treats the customers the same way the management treats them.... then I am glad I do not wor here.   The service is fair.... by that I mean all the appropriate words were spoken at the appropriate time..  The food was not  worth returning for a second taste..   Skip this experience you won't miss a thing.
5	Sehr lecker und nicht zu teuer. Die Tische im Aussenbereich sind etwas wackelig und schlecht ausgeleuchtet. Dennoch: Sehr empfehlenswert!
4	Chocolate island before I go work. :)
4	BEST happy hour in Vegas!! $3 for a pint of blue moon (and they have a selection of beer) $5 martini (totally delicious) and their appetizers like Jamaican jerk chicken, empanadas and burger sliders are around $5 as well.  A definite must-try if you've never been!
3	The first time I went here I thought it was amazing. The second time not so much, it could be due to the fact that my mom was vomiting in her napkin(alcoholic) and it just killed it. It just didn't seem to deliver like i remembered. Not sure I'll be back.
4	Very reasonably priced food.  Lots of seating and a good size parking lot.  There were 18 of us.  They waited until we were all there; then we got seated in the outdoor patio. A husband/wife team took care of us.  And they took the initiative to ask how many separate checks did we need.  How often does that happen?I ordered a new item - mahi mahi and shrimp with lemongrass rice bowl.  Great ratio of seafood and veggies.  I would order it again.
2	We ate here because our usual place gordon bierrsch was too packed and we were disappointed our server was great the food was not :(
3	We loved the Cuban Bread appetizer but they stopped serving it. The rest of the food is ok. The best thing about this place is the Chocolate Island desert. The wife likes the Mojitos.
5	Bahama Breeze is a chain restaurant serving food and cocktails inspired by the Caribbean Islands. There is a traditional cocktail inspired from each island. The lemonade comes with a sugar cane stick in your glass, so you can chew on the sugar cane if you'd like. It adds an authentic touch to the sweet tasting drink.Reverse happy hour from 9 PM to close is the best! It is half off all drinks and appetizers, getting you the most bang for your buck. There are a few appetizers with shrimp, but all are prepared differently. There are a variety of appetizers to choose from, including shrimp, chicken, and beef dishes.There is live music as well at night, adding to the comfy island feel. This is a good place for a date night or even families, being open for lunch and dinner.
1	Got seated and waited about 10 mins.  Someone came over to my table, and I thought, "okay, here we go" and the girl just said "I'll be right back to take your order."  No water, no silverware.  Another 5-10 minute wait and still no sign of my server making it over to my table, dispite helping all her other tables.  So, I got up and left.
2	Okay, I came back again to give this place a second chance and since I'm staying in a hotel across the parking lot for two weeks.  Plus all the other restaurants nearby were pretty crowded.  This time I sat at the bar, thinking I would actually get served this time.  And I did.  It was okay.  The food was alright and the happy hour prices I lucked into were awesome.  However, I was forced to sit on the side of the bar nearest the kitchen giving me great insight to this place and after sitting here for an hour I just can't help, but feel like I'm on the set of "Waiting" the movie.
3	Nothing special today but wanted to try something different, it had been a while since we had tried this place. Walking in, not a lot people here, about half full, we were seated and it was a while before our server showed up. She got our drink order and away she went. We finally got our drinks and we placed our app order, we got the spinach dip and chips, spinach  with artichokes in a creamy cheese dip was good! We also got a nacho made with plantans, this was good and a bowl of seafood chowder, also good. About here, I decided I wanted one of their specialty drinks so I picked out the blue hawaiian or something like that but after 25 minutes we had to ask for it again and when it came, tall skinny glass, I think maybe four sips and it was gone! For main fair, I got the mahi mahi. It was good but our food and drinks took so long coming we both felt like leaving! My husband got the shrimp and cheesy grits, it was good. Finally when she came to ask about dessert we just handed her the bank card and said bill please!
3	Alright... Service was a -C and Food was a -B. Overall B for will Be Someplace Better next time.
3	Looking for a light lunch and found the lobster shrimp quesidilla on the appetizer menu. Tasty!
4	Went to dinner before the JT concert...had the mahi mahi with a light sauce. Nicely done, very moist pan seared. Ordered a makers mark whiskey sour, enjoyed that too. Drinks came out timely...all our meals were ready at the same time and prepared well. Gold star for Brandon, our server, thank you!
3	This place is okay. I love their drinks and the atmosphere is really comfortable. The service is great and very fast. However, I'm not a big fan of the food. I was okay, but not great. If you are looking for something off the strip for a quick meal, then this is a good place to go.
3	Overall not too bad.  Nice service.  The pulled pork had a weird taste.  That is my only complaint.  the onion rings were hot and crisp.  The fries were also hot.  The yet of the meals were ok.  The price was a little high.  We had 6 appetizers, 1/2 price, and 3 drinks, 1/2 price as well, Happy Hour.  The bill was $55.00.  At full price would have been over $100.00.  There was not a meal.  So overall ok food, but the price is little high.
2	This place is kinda depressing. I would normally never go here (or a place like this in Las Vegas) on my own but 'had to' because of a group of business folks I was with. They had live music but it was very drab. Happy hour had decent prices but the food was very underwhelming. Service was pretty horrible so we are assuming the girl was new or trained horribly. I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.
4	This place is a nice relaxed feel with live music. The shrimp and lobster linguine pasta is good and they give you a lot! You can share 1 plate with 2 people and the drinks are good and fruity!
4	One of our favorite restaurants and go-to's for something other than Outback or in the neighborhood. I really like the Salmon, though the Jamaican jerk wings off the happy hour menu are always delicious!
3	My waiter was great thanks Adam, but who ever the cook was didn't know what came on the plate. My plate looked nothing like the plates of past dinners I was a little disappointed because when you have your mind set on that meal that's what you expect sadly I wouldn't suggest it to anyone unless there going for happy hour.
4	Tasty overall! Came for lunch. Sister had the habanero wings and the jerk shrimp, very good! Daughter had the chicken tenders, mediocre. I had the chicken curry over rice with naan. The naan, eh, nothing special. The coconit curry sauce and rice very flavorful and decent amount of spice. Chicken was over coffee and hard. Service was just ok.
5	I don't want to admit this...but I am actually addicted to this place. In particular it's the coconut shrimp and the chicken empanadas. I guess I am ashamed because I know this is a chain and there is a great Jamaican restaurant in town which serves much more authentic food,but I am also a New englander who loves red lobster, so what can I say.Maybe it's cuz it's own by Darden. I'll figure it out later.When I come here it reminds me of my trip to Barbados. I love the atmosphere, music,it's so much fun. I forget for a little while I am in a desert. The food is always on point.
3	The food was alright I had a burger however I had better. The drinks were pretty good I have to say. That's the only reason I'm giving them 3stars the drinks
4	I really would like to give them a 4.5, but I really can't give them a 5.  We started with drinks & appetizers:  Rumrunner for the wife, a mojito for me, with coconut shrimp and conch fritters.  Rumrunner was delicious, but the mojito was not tasty and not well executed (mint wasn't muddled, lime wedges were un-squeezed and rock-hard, and it had crushed ice instead of cubes).  Shrimp and conches were both delicious, but they had the same sauce, which is a very minor criticism.We had our minds on paella, which we ordered, and after all the fried stuff, we wanted something vegetable-y, which was not on the menu (unless you count salads, which we were not in the mood for).  On inquiring we were informed that there were broccoli, green beans, and asparagus available, of which we ordered the first two.  To our surprise and delight, the vegetables were nicely cooked and delicious.  The paella was awesome, especially considering they did not skimp on the seafood.  My wife didn't like the style of rice, but I thought it was appropriate.  It was also too much for us, and we ended up taking it home.  Since I'm writing this the day after our visit and I just had a fairly large portion of paella leftovers, I can report that it was maybe even better the next day.  Back to our visit, we were too full for dessert, so I just ordered an Irish coffee, which even after I verified that they would make it the proper way (coffee, Irish whiskey, and whipped cream), the waiter came back with this drink that he said had Kahlua in it, which I summarily sent back whence it came, which I felt they could have been a little more apologetic about.  The real drink, when it came back, kind of had an aftertaste like bottom-shelf spirits. The ambiance was nice.  There was a musician playing tropical-themed music, which we quite enjoyed.  The service was fairly good but not superb; no complaints.
4	Haven't been here for years. Don't know why we've waited so long to come back. Great menu and great atmosphere. Prompt and friendly service. Outdoor seating with this weather is perfect.
1	Ugh, so many people that I know like this place, but I don't get it!  I've been here a handful of times because it is right around the corner from my office.Located on the corner of Flamingo & Paradise, there is indoor and outdoor seating and a decent amount of parking.I came here last week for lunch with 5 of my co-workers.  They ask where we would like to sit.  We asked if we could sit in the "patio" area; its this big round room and the windows can open when it's nice outside.  So they take us to the table; there are only 3 seats.  We look at the guy that brought us to our table and we say "this table is a little too small, there are 5 of us" and he says "yes, I know.  I have no idea why they brought you out here.  Unfortunately, there isn't any tables out here big enough for your group."  We tell him no problem and sit us wherever there is room.He takes us back inside to the room behind the bar and sits us at a table that is set for 4 people, but enough room for 5.We ordered a handful of appetizers and each of us ordered entrees.  I ordered the combination chicken & veggie quesadilla and a caesar salad.  The caesar was barely dressed and wasn't that good anyways.  Now, I've had the lobster quesadilla here before and it was gross.  So I thought chicken and fresh vegetables couldn't be that bad.  Well, it's not good.  I don't know how to put it.  But the flavor sucks.We get a discount to eat here because of where our office is located and I would STILL never come here again.
1	Service was nearly non-existent. Employees were noticeably disinterested or awkwardly unhappy. Quality of the food was comparable to fast food.  I keep hearing good things about this place, but I was disappointed. They sat us in the patio area. The patio is a nice open window area with a gas fireplace in the center. The fire creates a nice mood and the fresh air is lovely. However, its not the greatest on a warm day. Also you can smell the gas or propane that fuels the fire when down wind. It can be nauseating after a while. Our server is a nice guy, but noticeably disinterested. We place our order with an appetizer. The appetizer is delivered but utensils or napkins were not provided. We flagged an employee, and let him know we didn't have any napkins or utensils. A few minutes later he produced a handful of cocktail napkins. We needed to flag another person for the rest. The appetizer tasted horrible. Ahi tuna should not have a heavy fish flavor. Our main order was delivered by an individual who was not amused by our misunderstanding of what he said when asking "who ordered what". It was clear that he was quite unhappy with this duty. I had ordered a Cuban sandwich. It tasted fine, but was ordinary. You can find the same quality at any subway or port of subs. Nothing impressive. We decided we had enough and requested the check...I can still taste the tuna, it was pretty bad.
5	DELICIOUS food!! I will definitely be back.
5	Our server's name was Lindsay. She had a smile very unique to her. Warm and calming. She lightened up the entire establishment with her kind smile. She was very attentive and gave us our space at the same time. A quality and skill that not too many servers possess. Although I don't remember the manager's name, he provided helpful suggestions to wonderful food and ways to prepare it which were not all on the menu. He personally checked back with us later and offered other options... Including wonderful desserts.
5	Happy hour is throughout the whole resturant and every appetizer we ordered was better than the last! We had so many we didnt make it to the dinner!  The empanadas and crab stack were amazing loved this place and will  be coming back again tomorrow!.
4	I love the Calypso Pasta with shrimp so much, that I learned to make it myself. West Indies Patties are soo good as well.
4	A favorite of mine. Bahamarita martini is a must and signature drink. It's refreshing with their coconut shrimp pasta. Customer service is always friendly.
5	Great layout, music, etc; relaxing atmosphere. I was in Vegas for a work convention (exciting, I know) and on the way to the airport, for the last couple of hours, I wanted something quick and easy... but relaxing.  My local friends wanted to meet here for Happy Hour.  I got here around 4:30 on a Monday.  I really love being able to just park and walk up in Vegas. Eating on the strip is a whole process of parking and walking through casinos... that's like a wasted 20 minutes there, another 20 back.  A place like this, nice and easy.  The layout is great.  It goes for a Caribbean/Cuban feel, especially outside, without feeling cheesy.  Nice shutters on the enclosed patio area, warm air coming in, sunny... just a very relaxed atmosphere where you really don't feel like you're in Vegas.  I felt like I was on vacation, actually, which sounds cheesy but it's true.  The restaurant was pretty open, though, but it was a weekday.  Now, the food...Happy Hour is an amazing deal.  It's like $5-something per dish and beers and drinks are from $2-$3....!?  What... the... hell!  So good.   We were starving so we got almost one of everything; the jerk chicken, pork sliders, burger sliders, empandas, quesadilla, coconut shrimp, etc.  Everything was great.  My friends were a little hesitant about the jerk chicken because it was black, due to the rub, but it was great.   My friends had a pineapple coconut martini (great), mojito (they loved it, had real sugar cane), I had a hefeweizen.   So basically, you can't miss at Happy Hour - everything was great.This is a small detail that I really appreciate. In the men's bathroom, they have mouthwash dispensers. It's a great touch because, let's be honest, your breath after eating isn't going to be the best so this is a great way to hit the reset button. It was just a fun, casual experience... it really felt like we weren't in Vegas, but on vacation.
4	I had a gift card for Bahama Breeze that I got on my birthday and I had forgotten until one day I drove by and decided it was the perfect time to use it. I was solo so decided to seat at the bar and blend in into the party ambiance, although not planned that way I landed there during happy hour which gave my gift card extra buying power.As I waited patiently at the bar a couple sat by me and were instantly acknowledged and asked if they wanted drinks, they ordered two mojitos and the bartender left to make them, when she came back with their drinks she asked them if they were ready to order, it was then that I realized I have the power of being invisible if no one is looking. I sort of interrupted and asked if I could have a drink and that I was ready to order, she took their order and then took mine giving me that "can't you wait for your turn? look"I ordered the paella which was very good although not authentic for it was made with long grain rice but the result was the same, a delicious zafron rice dish loaded with seafood! I also got the coconut shrimp with some kind of sweet n sour sauce that was equally delicious as the paella, there are also many more items on the menu that I would love to try like the Jamaican chicken or firecracker shrimp they both sounded good I just didn't have the belly space but I'm working on expanding.The setting is also very nice, the building is like a large plantation house very spacious with high ceilings and nice breezy caribbean atmosphere with indoor and outdoor sections.   The waitress returned to ask the people by my side if everything was ok, they asked her if she could take their picture and I took advantage of the opportunity and asked her for my check hoping not to interrupt a perfect customer waitress relation. I'm definitely coming back..what else can I ask for? Awesome fun and clean environment, excellent delicious food and outstanding service...........for the couple sitting next to me!
5	Great food and great service.  Always a pleasure to eat here.  Staff are very friendly and quick on service. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.  Me and my wife have been here several times and we have not been disappointed once. If you get a chance sit at the bar and ask for Doug he is very knowledgeable, fun, and can tell he really enjoys helping the customer with making decisions on food and drinks.  I must say every time we have come in and he is here Doug hasn't let us down with his recommendations so kudos to him. Great place keep up the great work!!!
4	Bar/drinks review only. Great happy hour prices. I like the Aruba Red (beer) which is only at Bahama Breeze. I haven't had the food in a long time just because I tend to opt for healthier choices at other places, and I can't remember it well enough to write any opinion on it. I love to stop here for a drink from time to time.
5	Good food, good service, nice decor... I'm having trouble thinking of any bad things to say about this place.Located off the strip near the Hard Rock Hotel, Bahama Breeze was a delightful place from beginning to end.Our server was friendly and attentive.  I ordered the Seafood Paella without the sausage, which our server said could be done.  One of the chefs came out a few moments later and said that the paella was made with the sausage in it and that they would be picking it out, which was fine with me so long as there wasn't any sausage actually on my plate.  I really appreciate this gesture because I know that not a lot of vegetarians would be cool with that.  When it came, I devoured it, which wasn't easy because it was a big plate of food.My wife had the Fresh Pan-Seared Salmon Pasta, which was also amazing!We had a couple of their specialty mixed drinks, which are not on the on-line menu so I don't recall the names.  But they were also very tasty.Seems to me like most of the good food in Vegas is off the strip, and this would be a perfect example.  We shall return!
3	First time here my first experience was not so bad the food was great the service was decent and the price was a little out my budget but it was to be expected hey we're in Vegas gotta live it up!!!! #heyyyyy  I had a mudslide yummy yummy yummylicious lol #heyyyyy #turnup #girlsweekendout #05242014
3	Food is decent, service was slow, ambiance is nice
2	Maybe we got the wrong dishes. I got the chipotle beef rice bowl and my girlfriend got the fish tacos. The rice bowl was horrible. It was cheesy rice with beef smothered in barbecue sauce. I didn't eat very much of it. The fish tacos were OK. The sorbet served with the fruit salad tasted very good. We also got onion rings as an appetizer. Those were good as well. This might be a good happy hour place but I don't think I would suggest any one to come here for a normal dining experience. Service was OK.
5	The portions are huge! Ambience is nice and casual. Had a Spicy Mango Mojito minus the sugar cane juice, and it was very good and plenty sweet. We ordered the Firecracker Shrimp which was delish!!!!  About 15 shrimp very lightly breaded with Shiracha Mayo drizzled on top and a small bowl on the side. The mayo was so good we used it on everything after this course!  Then we had the Jerk Chicken Pasta with a side Caesars salad and the Island Hopper appetizer as a meal. The pasta was loaded with asparagus and mushroom with some chicken all cooked well.  The light portion was huge, so no need for the regular portion.  The side salad was fresh and tasty, but absolutely too big. The Hopper was tasty with great coconut shrimp, huge crispy jerk wings, big onion ring and conch fritters.  WAY too much food!!  Everything was good, but the 3 sauces on the platter can't hold a candle to the Shiracha mayo! Would definitely return here, but wait for happy hour to get 1/2 off appetizers and drinks.
5	I love BB.  They have a great weekday Happy Hour.  My co-workers and I would frequently organize last minute Happy hours after our super long and stressful shifts (nurses).  Anyway, aside from happy hour we've been several time and it's usually pretty good. I'm an appetizer junky, so I pretty much enjoyed everything so far.  My absolute #1reason for going to BB is for their Ultimate Pina Colada!!  AMAZING!!  I will not go to BB unless I can have one...or two, okay sometimes there.  So good!!
5	Appetizers delicious!!! Shrimp linguini delicious!!! Jamaican jerk chicken delicious!!! Cocktails superb!!! Service, ah-maxing!!! Great place for family and friends!!!
5	My family and I really enjoyed our first visit to Bahama Breeze. I have been meaning to try it for some time. We went in on a Saturday afternoon and they were not too busy. The food was pretty good, but the best part of the visit was the staff. When we first walked in, one of the servers walked up to my kids who were looking and the fountain and pulled two pennies out of his own pocket for them to throw into the fountain. When we were first sat it took a couple minutes for our waiter to come to the table and two of the other servers (who had just gotten off) noticed and without us having to ask went and found our server. Our server was also very friendly and did a great job. My family and I will definitely be returning to this restaurant in the future.
3	By far this has been one of our favorite places to eat and drink in Vegas.  We come to town about 3-4 times a year for a extended weekend, and Bahama Breeze has always been our most anticipated stops.Something went astray this time.  I ordered my usual ( Cuban Black Bean Soup, and Jerk Chicken Wings), my wife ordered the Portabella Mushroom Burger.  When he explained it was a hamburger, with a mushroom on top, my wife requested just a "burger" made with the Portabella mushroom as the burger.  I guess the special request was just to complicated.  First she got a open faced bun with a mushroom and veggie mix on it.  She requested the same thing again, and this time it came out as she requested, at about the start of the second bite, a small black bug crawled out from under the lettuce and casually walked across the corner of her sandwitch.  We called the waiter, pointed out the intruder, and he promptly took it back.He then asked us if we wanted any desert.  We didn't quite understand the question, so we said no.  He brought us our bill.  We didn't understand.  My wife had had nothing to eat at this point.  We didn't ask for anything else we just thought he would replace her un-eaten sandwich. The manager did come over and apologize, and told us how sorry he was, but her sandwich was not replaced.  As we were leaving, I told the hostess the story, she hailed the manager who apologized again, but didn't seem to understand when I explained that my wife was leaving your establishment Hungary.  People shouldn't leave a restaurant Hungary.  Not sure if we will try again, just kinda sad that our favorite place, now has a scar.
3	The staff is really polite (5 stars) and the food is OK (2 stars.) I went with 4 because food is more important. The drinks are good if you're looking for tropical stuff (duh.)
2	Happy hours prices are VERY good, but sit at the bar.  I don't know if my waiter was new or what but service was very slow.  Never came by to check if we needed more drinks.  Only stayed for one round and appetizers.  Food was pretty bland but cheap.  Probably won't be back.
4	Bahamas Breeze really is a local gem for Las Vegans. The ambiance is laid back and tropical. They even have a small water feature running the length of the Restaraunt. The staff are all polite and I have never had a bad experience here. In addition, the staff will do anything to make your visit enjoyable (including singing and dancing for my crying 3 year old). The drinks here are reasonably priced for the size - they are quite large! And not to mention mixed very well. They taste like kool-aid and, according to my husband, are quite dangerous on the intoxication meter as you can drink and drink as of there were no alcohol - until you stand up from your seat. Food: I personally love the jerk chicken pasta. The asparagus and mushrooms work very well with the spices of the chicken and the pasta sauce. The husband loves the chicken salad, and the burgers here are also very good. The portions are large, so a single entree is enough to share between 2 adults, which is nice. I think Bahamas Breeze is one of the best restaurants in Vegas. Off the strip. Not too expensive. Good for families. And the food quality is high.
4	It was another enjoyable meal at Bahama Breeze!A bowl of Bahamian Seafood Chowder was good and creamy, but warm rather than hot.  Peruvian Corn Cakes bristling with kernels of yellow corn were quite tasty slathered with butter and topped by a vibrant and fruity housemade Pineapple Salsa.A Caesar Salad with fresh Romaine leaves and sheets of Mozzarella Cheese was graced with an excellent Caesar Dressing.  And, an abundant portion of sauteed Mahi Mahi with Shrimp Saute in Lemon Cream Sauce that was presented with fine Spanish Rice was moist, flakey, perfectly cooked, and delicious.Once again, 4-1/2 stars overall!
3	This was my first time in this restaurant. I went on Sunday and it was pretty calm , not too many people inside. I had drinks, an appetizer, entree, and desert. Drinks:Frozen Bahamarita - deliciousUltimate Pina Colada - just OK. I wish it was in a bigger classFor an appetizer I had the Adobo Chicken Taco. It was good. I liked how it had a little crunchiness to it. It was a little cold thoughMy entree was the Island Hopper and included onion rings, conch fritters, coconut shrimp, and Jamaican jerk wings.I ate half an onion ring, nothing special about those since I cannot stand the taste of onions. The conch fritters should really be called conch balls. I love fried conch from this local place in Miami so that was the main reason why I decided to go with this meal, I was disappointed. They were not horrible but could have been seasoned more and they barely had any conch in them. The coconut shrimp was standard though most of the seasoning was on the outside and not the shrimp itself. Being Jamaican I always go for things that are jerked. These wings were not jerked at all. No spice or kick to them. The sauces that came with the food were soooo good!!!For desert I had the Banana Nut Bread Supreme. It was delicious. The only negative was the stale, warm, soggy banana slice.I will definitely be returning
4	Ok , this review is just for their happy hour, which is probably one of the cheapest and best in town !!   3$ large draft beers and half off selected appetizers , hell yeah !! They also have 4$ and 5$ cocktails using decent brands as well , and happy hour is available anywhere in the restaurant, which is great for people with children!!  Some happy hour highlights are the spinach dip , a large bowl of gooey goodness served with warm chips , also their wings are amazing no matter which you choose ( the Jamaican jerk , tho are an acquired taste ) and the large portion of coconut battered onion rings are crispy and delicious ! So check them out !!
1	Usually we are pleased with Bahama Breeze. ..However we made reservations a week and a half ahead of time for a going away party and when we show up  early for our time slot and are still standing waiting 40 minutes passed the time the only response we got from an employee when we asked what the hold up is was..."Obviously we get a lot of reservations here! " very disappointing!
4	Food was pretty good. Our waitress Sandra was great.  They were missing some of the items on the menu. Overall a good experience.
5	Had a party of 30 on 6/27 and they were able to accommodate us as a normal reservation. Drinks and food were great! I had a bahama mama drink and was so tasty. Ordered the calypso pasta with shrimp and it was the best tasting shrimp pasta I've ever had even my 3 year old chowed it down. Thank you for your great hospitality and service.
5	So, one of the reasons I am drawn to this restaurant is the ease of getting here and the simple parking lot. However, I have been pleasantly surprised each time I come to this chain here in Las Vegas. I always get the fish in season, which comes with the chef's veggies and some sort of starch - my favorite being cinnamon mashes sweet potatoes. Every time, the fish is cooked perfectly and the service impeccable. So, for a fabulous, very reasonably priced lunch or dinner, and away from the craziness of the strip, this place is a nice option. Plus, there is always good music streamed in!
1	I took my out of town guests here on a Monday evening for dinner. The service was absolutely terrible! There were only a few people in the place and it took them over 15 minutes to sit us. Then it took them more than 20 minutes to get someone to get outer drink orders. No one even spoke to us during that entire time. People were walking past us, but no one even noticed that five people were sitting at a table in the middle of the room. When some one finally did speak to us, she did not know much about the menu items. It took us three hours (that's right, you read that right) to get out of that place! Never again. They may have been short staffed, but I can't believe they would be that rude and ignore their customers. No excuse for this.
5	We've been to this place a few times for dinner and also just drinks and apps and it is always good. We stopped in last eve for a cocktail and app at the bar and had a Moscow mule which was good and an order of Conch Fritters and Yuca Fritas (fried Yuca) which is like a fried potato but better. Everything was very good and reasonably priced. Service from the two female bartenders was excellent as well.  We'll be back for sure!
2	They have added some vegetarian options to their menu, but it's still seriously lacking vegan options. The veggie burger is so bland... Play-doh has more flavor. However, my carnivorous family loved their Jamaican Jerk wings & onion rings. Also, they had happy hour specials on some of their food items, so it was 1/2 off the wings & onion rings. Nice atmosphere, lovely decor. They have live music some nights. I wish they'd offer more vegan options.
4	Ask for layer pina calada 5/5* eating with coconut shrimps  5/5* and watching final FIFA world cup. Nothing else us better than this!! Germany vs Argentina 1-0.. Goal.....
3	This place has always been a joy to eat at! My favorite dish is the Chicken & Cilantro cream 'a and the best appetizer to choose would be the full order of the Tower Onion Rings! Yum! On this visit they weren't that great :-/ I mean for $9.79 they could have been a hell of a lot better, were basically on the verge of being burnt! Any who the main dishes of the Coconut Shrimp and Chicken dish were amazing! The customer service was just OK this time. Idk they are slippin' just a tad. I will give them another try in a few months from now. Hopefully this was just a fluke!
5	The best coconut shrimp wish the had one in Ca. The place is big the service is great. When I'm in Vegas this is where I eat.
4	We had a really good experience here for a networking happy hour during a recent conference! We were able to rent their deck space, which was very cute, and had really good service. The food and drinks were good too. Everyone in our group of 40 or so seemed to have a good time!
5	Awesome food, excellent customer service.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and helped me make a great decision.  I enjoyed talking sports with him...even though he is a 49er fan...lol.  Thanks for a wonderful lunch experience!
5	Came here for Happy Hour. Food and drinks were so delicious! The customer service was outstanding. Marcus was our waiter and made our first experience wonderful. Will definitely be coming back!!
5	Love this place off The strip. Fab happy hour on weekdays from 9 to closing with half Price delicious appetizers ( Coconut shrimp and onion rings favorites but all was good) bbq baby ribs also a good choice to share ( large portions). Cocktails hit The spot at 3-4$ happy hour. Been a few years back and came back twice this time.
5	I got a $50 gift card for my birthday and I haven't been to a Bahama Breeze in ages so I thought I would check this one out. Our server was very very friendly and attentive. Beef empanadas were freaking delicious. I ordered the spicy shrimp I guess it was more of an appetizer so I got a small side salad as well. Salad was very good best part was the croutons. I didn't get that much shrimp unfortunately. If you're looking for a fruity drink try the Bahamarita. Drinks were priced fairly. Dinner for two with a drink and appetizer was about $53.
4	Monday Thur Thursdays they have awesome happy hour specials. I love the coconut shrimp and artichoke spinach dip. The wings are huge but looks too spookie for me. The drink special are yummy too. There house drink is slushy and yummy.Great place to get your happy you on with friends or family.
4	Great food and very flavorful ! Pleasant atmosphere with cool decor. Great selections on cocktails especially mojitos
5	even thou BB is a chain eatery  really like the food. i try to visit when in LV and really enjoy the food and service. all the appetizers are very good and if visit during HH are worth the money for sure. plenty of beer, wine etc buy i like the Bahamarita. 1 more tip........ ask for CHRISTINE  to be ur server. she has served us several times and is always friendly, helpful and a JOY to be around while in LV and the BB.
5	I rarely give 5 stars but Bahama Breeze was just perfection to me. For a chain restaurant the food was really good and our server (Steven/Stephen) was awesome. He represented the food and company very well. I have ate at many places on the strip and Bahama Breeze far exceeded them. My only suggestion/complaint is that they update their logo and the color of their restaurant. It blends too much and can easily be passed over.
4	Where do I start?  This was our first stop (AFTER HOTEL) to eat and drink.  The food was pretty good.  My husband was impressed by the jerk chicken.  We devoured our food!!!!!  The drinks were good and CHEAP.  The staff helped our group of 25 people (many of them under 25) without issue.
1	It has been a few years since we have eaten here and were looking forward to our favorite sandwiches for lunch. First let me say, that service here is hit or miss. Sometimes it is fabulous. Other times, horrible. There is no in between. This was a horrible time - waitress would not shut up, did not accept that we did not want alcoholic drinks or appetizers and tried to push them on us, she pulled a menu one of my party was holding and started flipping through it, insisted on telling us the "specials" despite we knew what we wanted.... anyway - we were looking forward to the Grilled Chicken Sandwich and Portabello Mushroom Sandwich. Both were a disappointment - chicken was like rubber, bread tasted bad (not ciabatta anymore). The portabello sandwich was mashed flat as if someone sat on it and the vegetables were diced small and indistinguishable. More so - for a Saturday lunch it was dead... not the normal for this place. Usually it is busy. Looking out the window we got to watch a drunk/high gentleman purusing the parking lot, and then when we left we were confronted by a man who "wanted to ask us questions" and when we refused he started swearing, dropping the f-bomb and being obnoxious. It was very unsettling to our group - family members from seniors down to children. The place has not been kept up - although when we entered there was a young girl cleaning the windows, the table was dirty, the ledge where the plants are was full of dust, the menus had food on them. No reason for that. The area this restaurant is in has certainly changed tremendously and as well, other restaurants in the area seemed to have changed hands/chains as well. If you are on the Strip, I would advise you to stay there and eat. It is not worth the taxi ride over there and I certainly would not advise you to walk down there from your hotel. This used to be a popular place for lunch for the UNLV crowd, and possibly during the week things are different. But don't waste your time.
4	For a chain restaurant Bahama Breeze was not spectacular nor amazing. Food was good, nothing to write home about. I had jerk chicken which was not as spicy as I'd like but the side of rice and their plantains were very good. Service at lunch time was great, food came quickly, definitely a good spot for grabbing  lunch during a workday. If you're looking for real traditional Caribbean, don't come here. But if you want a chain style Caribbean version, Bahama Breeze is great.
5	Happy Hour is the best time to go! The beef empanadas and coconut shrimp is flavorful.  The ultimate pina colada is refreshing.  The warm chocolate pineapple upside down cake is to die for.
1	Messed up all drinks. They tried to fix but to no avail. Food is good though. Don't expect this to be like the ones in south Florida.
5	I come here for happy hr all the time, I LOVE IT! Appetizers half off and cheap drinks, it doesn't get better than that. Their firecracker shrimp and shrimp& lobster quesadillas are amazing! Must try. One of the best happy hr menus if you ask me :)
4	This place has great happy hour specials! Plus they start at 9pm which is earlier than most places in town. The appetizers were all really good and the selection of drinks is pretty extensive. My only complaint would be the drinks are more sugary than strong. I need a little more liquor! But I still come here pretty often. I would definitely recommend checking this place out.
4	Excellent mango salsa.
5	I am never disappointed when I come to Bahama Breeze. The food is always quick, hot, and DELICIOUS!!! MMMMMMMMMM! the customer service is superb. My favorite dish, well appetizer, is the Jerk Shrimp! It's comes with bread for you to dip in the sauce and it is absolutely delicious!!! You gotta try this place!
5	Great atmosphere. Servers were awesome, food was great, music was great and fitting.
5	Every time we come to Vegas, we come...  Delicious Food... Great service and the cocktail's very creative ;)))))
1	We sent back 2 dishes and decided not to order anything else. My entire mouth was assaulted by salt. We tried the West Indies Chicken Curry rice bowl and it was so aggressively salted, we sent it back after 2 bites and then selected the Jerk Chicken Pasta. Unfortunately, that was also crazy salty; I couldn't get another bite in, my tastebuds and mouth were completely ruined and shriveled up.The flavor profile of each dish was also shockingly basic - It didn't offer up any of the Caribbean flavors or seasonings that were promised. The Jamaican jerked chicken was dried out and I didn't even taste much jerk seasoning - only salt. To be fair, the dinner entree portions were gigantic. One dish is perfect for 3 people to share. Also, the appetizers were average. We tried the chicken empanadas and they were extremely doughy with minimal filling. The only dish that was decent was the fried coconut shrimp appetizer, however, I have to explicitly state that Elephant Bar and Yard-House makes it better. The manager came to talk to us at the end and was very defensive about the salt usage in both dishes. He also offended us by suggesting that we probably didn't know what jerk seasoning tasted like. lol. I'm not even going to argue it. We ended up heading to In-N-Out and grabbing some burgers after this failed dinner.
3	Outdoor seating feels like your in Key West. Good, solid Caribbean food, happy hour starts again at 9:00, reasonable prices, good drinks.
4	Love coming here for there happy hour every week. It has great appetizers. I highly recommend the beef empanadas, so good.
5	Their happy hour is the best!You don't have to sit by the bar or at a particular area of the restaurant to get their happy hour specials, which is a huge bonus!  Happy hour is from 4-6 pm Monday - Friday.  Their prices are outstanding, and the service is awesome!  Drinks are strong and the food is tasty!
4	I do love Bahama Breeze even if it is a bit of a walk from the Main Strip, Its a Caribbean Style Restaurant which just looks like you've stepped into the Caribbean in Las Vegas, All the staff are really friendly and willing to help, We went on a Sunday evening when it was happy hour 9pm until close they also have it Monday through till Friday from 4pm-6pm and Sunday through to Thursday 9pm until close, I had a 20z Beer in an iced cold glass for $3!!!! They have a great selection of beers and cocktails in the happy hour! No wonder this place was soooo busy! They also have a great selection of appetisers half price so we choose the massive Crispy Onion rings! they were huge and so tasty!!! For the mains i had the Jerk Chicken pasta which was good!!! And my partner had the one of the Burgers which was also huge! The portions here are not small so come on a empty stomachl!! The whole place was buzzing and had a great feel to the place and it was nice to escape from the Strip for a while, They also have live entertainment on some nights including some great Reggae and Caribbean tunes so you can just pretend youre in the Caribbean. If youre planning on taking a visit here  from the Strip i would recommend taking a taxi as it is a bit of a walk and the area can be a little sketchy.
5	Absolutely delicious! Jamaican wings are HUGE and the sauce is sweet and yummy. I got the guacamole and goat cheese burger- to die for! I can not wait to come back!
5	Located on Flamingo Blvd, just east of the Las Vegas Strip. Ok so it's a chain, I have no problem with that. This is a great place to take visiting family if you want to avoid the strip. The service is great, the prices good, and food is fun. Oh and they have a great selection of drinks as well. What else do you need? Nothing you say? Good, then stop on by. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	One of the BEST restaurants in Vegas! This West Indies Curry Chicken is delicious and reasonably priced. Umbrella drinks make you escape from reality. 4 stars for sure!
4	The portions are so huge for a happy Hour menu and they are half off. The drinks are only $4.. I ordered the Skillet Simmered Jerk Shrimp -  large  shrimp in a garlic-thyme butter with warm Cuban bread for dipping. It was good and I wanted to get more but found out the portion was big enough for me. I had the frozen Bahamarita that has Cuervo Gold Tequila, strawberry, kiwi and mango ices. My friends liked their food too. Richard our server was great, very attentive and made sure we were good. The place has a tropical feel and very airy, spacious. It is great for parties and you get tables for happy hour menu, it's not only at the bar.
5	We went here for lunch and drinks. We had several appetizers, drinks and entrees. It was all delicious! Our server Joe was awesome as well. Will definitely come back!
5	I ate here for the first time the other day, and I have 0 complaints! I was a little skeptical because I've never eaten at a Caribbean restaurant before but the food here is so so good!!! The waitress that we had was amazing as well, she was so funny and genuine. I would definitely recommend this place, and I can't wait to eat here again!
5	I am a frequent regular of Bahama Breeze and I love this place ! The staff is always so friendly and the food is amazing ! Feels like you are on an island. The coconut shrimp, the seafood chowder & the grilled chicken breast dinner are my favorites. Ask for Jarrod he is so sweet and a great server !!!!!!!!
2	This has been my all time favorite restaurant anywhere for years, since I lived here in very early 2000s, but this time it was a disappointment.They didn't have the usual Cuban Bread on the menu but they said they could make it anyway... but it wasn't at all the same.  They used a different bread that was way too thick and not even toasted.I got the bacon and cheese burger but the burger wasn't very good, I didn't finish it.  The fries were just blah.
5	This was the third time we have visited the Bahama Breeze in Las Vegas and it has been stellar each time.  The food choices are great and the quality excellent.    Our service has always been outstanding and the food delivered has been fresh and hot.  This is one of our favorite places to stop at when we are in town and the prices are very reasonable, especially for Vegas.  Very enjoyable and the service was excellent.
5	Happy Hour never lets me down! Drinks and service Always Deliver!
4	If you like spicy, I recommend that your try the skillet simmered jerk shrimp.It's cooked and served in a hot skillet smothered in butter and herbs and has a nice spiciness to it, but it's not too spicy. It's also served with fresh baked Cuban bread which is great to sop up all the juices with. For an entree, I ordered the baby back ribs which were decent and came with fries. I'll definitely come back just for the jerk shrimp!
2	I'm not too sure about this place. I might have to go back and try again. But here's what I am sure about. Service - very good, the redeemer of this place. Drinks - all of their signature cocktails were just sugar bombs with not of lot of depth. Cheap tasting stuff. Food - I got the coconut fried shrimp as a appetizer, and it was really tasty and well done. I ordered the fruit and chicken Caribbean salad and it was ok. The chicken was of the same quality you get in those giant frozen bags at Sams club, and it was just gross, it really felt like fake chicken, like they boiled it, idk. Don't order any of their chicken dishes. The salad was overdressed but was yummy at first. It's a very pretty dish. Someone at my table got key lime pie and really like it. The prices here are reasonable, if you don't expect above Chili's level cuisine. I will go here again and update this review after trying more of their "signature" dishes. 2 stars for now.
5	Excellent customer service... And the jerk shrimp is the best ever..... Highly recommended
5	I brought my husband here for a date and boy did we enjoy ourselves. The waitress was very very helpful and recommended some good ideas for us to try (it was our first time). The place was set up very nice and I love the little scenery they have inside and outside. The food was delicious and served in very generous amounts. I highly recommend you trying the Pineapple-Coconut Martini it's to die for!
2	Went here for a company Christmas party, so I understand the service and food might not be as it would for say 2-4 people... With that said....Appetizers were cheap: Chicken quesadilla was just bland, edaname was good but c'mon. Fun, but cheap.Same thing goes for the meals. I had the fish tacos, TERRIBLY FISHY. I'm a HUGE fan of Wahoo's, so this was such a disappointment. My husband had the cuban, I had a bite of it and the bread was grilled and pressed, but tasted so dried out.The drinks were amazing though, for that it gets 2 stars. =o)
2	Items selected:- Key West Fish Tacos- Island Hopper: Jamaican chicken wings, conch fritters, coconut shrimps, onion ringsWhile the food quality met our minimum expectation, cleanliness fell short. Our server was throwing her towel to the table and sprayed the cleanser from a distance, the vaporized mist almost got to my table... The floor and the seat was not clean either.And no wonder, they got shut down by the SNHD right after our visit.http://vegas.eater.com/2014/9/5/6159951/bahama-breeze-suffers-an-imminent-health-hazardGross.
1	We decided to avoid the craziness of the strip & come here for dinner last night, thinking it would be less busy. It was a lot less busy but very understaffed. We had to wait almost 40 min for a table for 4 at an almost empty restaurant. We were seated at around 10:30 pm. To be fair - the food was not bad. What was most upsetting is that I ordered the rice bowl with shrimp & fish. A few bites in, I bit into something hard. I thought it was a fish bone but it was a sharp jagged piece of a plastic - probably the remnants of a food container about an inch long and wide. I told the server & she asked if I wanted my dish replaced and I said no as I did not want to wait for another plate at that time of night as our kids were very tired. She showed the plastic object to her manager & I was waiting to see what he/she would say or do. Well the disappointing outcome is they did nothing. No apology from the manager & we got charged for my dish. Very disappointing.  This is not the first time we have found unwelcome objects in our food at restaurants. In fact once at BJ's my sons Mac & Cheese had the corner of a plastic bag in it but we did not say anything as it was large enough to see & not harmful. The sever saw it as she collected the plates & reported it to the manager. She came to our table to apologize & said we would not be charged for the dish. So to the manager of the Bahama Breeze - your management skills need some fine tuning to say the least. Your food quality control obviously needs some work. It's not OK to find sharp plastic objects in our food & it's especially not OK for you to ignore it. Very disappointing.
5	Best service! My sister and her husband had her wedding here! Food was great and they even gave extra! Drinks are excellent too! I love this place!
