5	We have a joke that when I die and go to heaven St. Peter will meet me at the pearly gates with a Cassella's Chicken Salad Sandwich. My friend even knows how to get free babysitting out of me. YUP- JUST GIVE ME THE SUB ALREADY!!!!!!Hands down the best deli out of NY or Chicago to be found in Phoenix. Small neighborhood place. Their Chicken Salad is the best!!!! Beyond the best!!!!  I wish I knew how they made it. Come on guys fess up will ya?????? I have tried chicken salad in tons of different places and this is the best. For those of you lucky enough to live near Granite Reef and McDonald you are so lucky!!!!!!!!I would eat here every day and be so heavy, but happy, that's for sure!I hear their other sandwiches rock too but I always just get the chicken salad because I am addicted to it and the drive is so far for me to not indulge my addiction. They also have a great vegetable cold cucumber health salad that is very tasty!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	This family owned business has been in the same location for nearly 40 years.  The food is amazing, the service rocks and I love the casual feel of the place.  A big plus for me is that they use real cheese, not "whiz"!
5	Don't be fooled by the simple decor and wood paneling, this deli can pump out some of the best food you have ever had, promise. Most of the food is homemade by the Casella family, like the roast beef, meatballs, lasagna, chicken salad, well you get the idea.  Along with great food it is a family owned customer service experience.  They know the regulars by name, everyone is greeted when they walk in and they strive to make you happy.With its location close to the 101 it is an excellent location for lunch or to swing by and pick up some dinner, until 6pm.A couple of recommendations:1 - Have the steak works with sauce.2 - Try the chicken salad.3 - Bring cash, they don't take anything else.4 - Have a canoli, best ever.Just to drive my point home, they have been in business in the same location for 35 years, run by the same family.Go, enjoy and support this exemplary local business.
5	Now I wish I would have actually gone to pick up my samich instead of sit at work and wait for it's arrival.  I had heard very good things about this deli, so when i finally got bored of the same ole lunch I bring to work every day it was time to get in on this following.  I had the italian sub on wheat bread.  Um, talk about Freshness!  I'm pretty sure I ate the whole thing in like 3 minutes because I just couldn't get enough.  The bread was so soft, the meat was outstanding, and the provolone was real!  Alll it had was oil and vinegar on it with lettuce tomato and the typical italian meats.  I normally cannot eat a sandwhich without mayo and mustard, specially some spicy brown.  That was wonderful, but now after reading these reviews, it's time for me to check out that Chicken Salad, I love chicken salad.
5	I was inspired to visit Casella's after a coworker told me about their authentically Italian goodness. As my tummy growled today, I was in the neighborhood so I knew just where to go. I walked into a simple yet clean deli. Immediately, I was welcomed by the entire staff (I believe they are all related or at least family through friendship). They asked me if it was my first time in and I said yes, so right away they started giving me a history of the shop and the tasty cuisine. Celebrating their 33rd anniversary (congrats!!), I learned that everything is homemade -- from the meatballs to the chicken salad. The owner said he goes through 40 lbs of chicken a week. He gave me a sample and the chicken was chunky and delicious. I'm not surprised he has to prepare so much chicken every week! The meatballs and freshly cut meat for Philly Cheese-steak sandwiches looked great too! The owner mentioned he is from Philly so better be ready for some authentic Philly and Italian style cookin'! While I was there, the owner was slicing some fresh provolone, so I added that to the warmed turkey sandwich I ordered. The turkey was tasty, the provolone was yummy and the sourdough roll tasted like it was fresh from the oven. It was $8 for a sandwich and soda but the sandwich was hefty enough that I saved half for later. As I walked out, everyone said goodbye to me and I felt like I was leaving a family dinner. In summary, here's what made Casella's stand out: - The very friendly staff- It's a local family-owned neighborhood deli celebrating their 33rd anniversary. Gotta support the local businesses! - Clean decor - Tasty, homemade food that's on display for visitors to see - A good family-style atmosphere that greets you the second you walk inside. I'm not sure how it's taken my so long to find this local treat, but now that I've found it, I plan on becoming a regular. Directions: Note that this is hidden in the Basha's strip mall (on the side of Granite Reef) but don't let that fool you!
5	Ahhh, Casellas....  nothing has changed in 30 years about you except now some of your grand daughters are starting to learn the ropes and take over.  How do I know?  I have been going here for at least 30 years.They have maintained this place meticulously over the coarse of years.  It has been in this same strip mall location for over 30 and some of its old neighbors that have come and gone include a skate shop "Cheap Skate" and a record store "The Singing Dog", both of which I would loiter on a regular basis back in the day.  First thing you will notice when you walk in is the awesome wood paneling.  Way old school, no frills decor.   They same meat cases, refrigerator....  you get the idea.  In fact, the little pin-up menu hasn't even changed either.  Still the little black style with the press in letters.The menu is simple.  Sandwiches, chips and a drink.  They make the best meatballs for ala carte munching or sandy style.  This is my favorite...  but close on it's heels are the Hoagie and the Pepper steak works.  Buy one of those giant pickles in the back case.  I ran into a friend there, as I usually do.  He had a very tasty looking pastrami on rye.Oh, be sure to check out all the Saguaro High School class photos since...  I dunno, maybe 1985?  Every year since!  I am in the 1990 one!
5	Update -all six reviews 5 starts. Amazing. How come more people do not know about this place?
5	Casella's has the best cheese steaks in Arizona!!! They have really good lemonade, ice tea, pasta and potato salad too. Everything is homemade and deeeeeeeeeeeeeeelicious. It makes my tummy happy :-)
5	Everything is really good, meatball sandwich is exceptional. True home cooking, family business. This is a must eat at place !
4	A co-worker told me about this hole in the wall, and I decided to check it out. I have to say, entering this little spot, I was not overwhelmed with ambiance/decor, as the whole place is covered in wood paneling. Moving past that, I quickly learned that this is a beloved neighborhood spot, where they honor the local high school graduating class by posting class photos. Even better, they are supporters of US Military and Law Enforcement, which is a cool move when local businesses support the good guys.I ordered the Italian combo sub with a bag of chips and took it back to the office. Unwrapping the sammie, I was really pleased to see bread which looked like it had seen the inside of an oven long enough, which is a rare find with AZ sandwich shops.The sandwich was loaded with fresh meats and cheese, very tasty veggies, and was dressed perfectly. It was really the best sub style sandwich I have had in a long time. I loathe Subway, so Blimpies was my spot, but I have to say, Casella's is my new sandwich home. I look forward to trying more items there. The service is also noteworthy because the two ladies working at the time were really cool, didn't try too hard, and were just good people.So, focus on the food, not the decor, and enjoy some great sandwiches. Best of all, you're supporting small, locally owned business, which is always a great thing.
5	This place has been around for years! it is family owned by the Casella's family. They make the best sandwiches in the valley in my opinion. The turkey sub is awesome as well as the Italian beef which is to die for. The only pitfall to this place is that they do not accept debit cards, cash only.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE Casella's Deli!!!!If I could give this place ten stars I would in a heart beat.I truly can't decide what I adore more, the amazing sandwiches, or the warm, friendly family that runs the joint?Today I took two co-workers to lunch, and when we arrived, we were greeted  so warmly and sincerely, it was like we were family. This is not to be confused with forced corporate niceness that you see at Safeway- this is the real deal.It gets better. One of my friends didn't think he was hungry, so I ordered a sub, and my other buddy ordered a cheese steak. The employee took or order and invited us to grab a seat.A short while later, the sweet woman said, "Hey boys- come and get it." When my other friend saw how good the food was, I ordered him a sandwich, and when I went to pay, the woman told me that since it was almost 2:00pm, the sandwich would be free, as they have a buy two, get one after two. I think it was like 1:45, and I thought that was SO cool. Where else does that happen? Let me help you with the answer- nowhere!  You and I both know there are places that won't give you a deal if you are ONE MINUTE early, let alone really early.On to the food, the sub I got, the Italian cold cut combo, was amazing. Fresh EVERYTHING, great bread, etc. It was simple, delicious and clearly made with pride.In closing, this place is just a gem, seriously. They are getting ready to celebrate 34 years, and my only regret is just now finding them.Give Casella's a shot, you will not be disappointed. If you like great food, warm people, and interdependent businesses- this is your place!Two quick tips:1. Like many small businesses, they take cash only2. They are located on the SE corner of Granite Reef and McDonald. Enter from Granite Reef, they are on the South end of the complex.
5	Once upon a long, long time ago life seemed simpler. Neighborhoods were more stable, everybody knew everybody. When you went into a store, the shopkeeper called you by name and probably knew what you were planning to buy. For better or worse (and it certainly wasn't all good) those times are long gone - but we found a little slice of it last Friday.     When we walked into Casella's Italian Sub Shop at about 3PM, we were warmly greeted by Joe and Denise, a father/daughter team. Joe, originally from Philadelphia, opened the restaurant thirty-three years ago in this exact spot in a strip mall on Granite Reef, just south of McDonald in Scottsdale. Denise started working with him twenty some years ago. They instantly know if you're part of the "family" or a newbie. If you're curious about an item on the menu, you're given a taste. Most of the things are made in house. Joe cooks 70 pounds of chicken breast a week for his famous chicken salad. Mom makes the meatballs, and Denise the cannoli filling. I could go on, but you get the idea. These are genuinely nice people who care about their product and want to please the customer. Joe gets in every morning at 7:30 (although service doesn't start until  11 AM) and stays right through closing at 6 PM. He likes to know what's going on. Saturday closing is at 3 PM so everybody can spend time with their families. And there's a lengthy Christmas break for the same reason. Very nice.     Naturally, Philadelphia Steak Sandwiches ($6.60 - $7.20) appear on the menu. Joe's isn't your typical greasy, cheese whiz loaded, meat too-tough-to-chew sandwich (which, I admit, often appeals to me): here the meat is meltingly tender, sauced with a little marinara, and topped with provolone, served on an outstanding roll made by a local family baker.     We had to try the chicken salad sandwich ($3.70 fir a half, $7.20 full size) - we knew it would be fresh since Joe cooks up a batch most mornings. In the back cooler you can see huge jars of mayonnaise waiting their turn. The salad was very simple, not gussied up with lots of add-ins. I will say that when I ate the leftovers at home I added a dollop of cranberry sauce. I think I'll bring some to Casella's next time we go.     After 2 PM, if you buy two sandwiches, you get a third free. So I chose the Italian Hoagie ($3.70/$6.80). Ken was astonished to find that he actually enjoyed this one. What made it truly delicious, oddly enough, were the onions. Thinly sliced, and sweet enough to be eaten on their own, they also graced the cheese steak. Our side of homemade coleslaw was one of the best versions in town. Can't wait to try the potato and pasta salads.      Other sandwices on the menu include roast beef, ham and cheese, meatball, sausage, and pastrami (not made in-house). Also available are two entrees: Lasagna ($10) and Spaghetti & Meatballs ($8).      Now for dessert. Ken wanted a cannoli, usually not something I like. I'm now a convert, at least to Casella's version. Denise makes the silky filling, garnished only with a few chocolate chips, and the large, wonderfully crispy shells don't get filled until you're ready to snarf one down. Homemade rice pudding is on the menu. We had a taste and it, too, was delicious, but it had no raisins. We'll bring those next time, along with the cranberry sauce.     Not much to say about the decor. I think it came from that long, long ago time. Basic wood paneling. There are photographs of years and years of Saguaro High (I think that's the school) graduating classes. That's about it. But the warmth of the Casella's fills the room.
2	I've stopped by here once after I got done grocery shopping. I read the reviews and anxiously wanted to give it a try. I ordered the Casella's Italian Sub and for some reason it did not live up to what I have read in all the other reviews. Maybe Casella's was having an off day. I am not marking it off from my list yet. I guess i will give Casella's another try. Hopefully it won't disappoint.
5	Love love love this place. My boyfriend turned me on to it and we cant get enough. For great food, friendly staff, and even better service this is the place for you
4	I could eat the turkey subs here everyday if I could. One of the best subs I've ever had...and I eat them pretty frequently. The half sub is only 3.50, which is pretty cheap in my book. This is family owned, so you always get greeted with a smile and a hello. Quick service.The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they only take cash, they close at 3 and are closed on Sundays and for weeks in the summer, which for me is a little troublesome..But I gaurantee the food makes up for it!!
4	Can't believe I have not reviewed this place. Casellas is a popular lunch place at my work. It is legendary and well known in the neighborhood. My usual here is the Philly Cheese Steak w Onions.. It's sooo good and pretty damn legit. Some of my coworkers like to get it with sauce. I haven't tried it but they are serious fans of it. Also, the chicken salad sandwich is great. It is made in house and you can definitely tell. Only two cons (and minor ones) is that they are cash only. I don't get to come here as often because of this. Secondly, they don't have soda by the fountain, only in cans. But no worries, 7-eleven is across the street to solve both of those things. Buy your fountain drink and get cash back and you're set to grab a sandwich here after.
5	Tried this place out for the first time, and I believe they have a returning customer.  At first glance, you would likely overlook this hidden gem.  It is tucked away in the back of strip mall.  The interior looks like it is from the 70's with hardwood paneling.  However, don't let this fool you.  It has been owned and operated by the same family for over 30 years.  It is very cheap and is a great deli.  The chicken salad club is awesome.  Definitely try this if it is your first time.  The Italian sub was also good.  The bread is what makes these sandwiches so great.  The Philly sub also looked great, and I will return for that.  The service was spectacular and they treat you like you are an old friend.  Every member of the family chips in, and they go out of their way to make sure you enjoy your meal.  This is so rare in today's society.If you buy 2 during the week you get 1 free as well...awesome deal!
5	Relied on the reviews to stop in and it is exactly as described.  Philly cheesesteaks are great and the friendly service is tops.  Even though it was the lunch rush Joe took time to tell us about the menu and showed off the offerings in his place.  Definitely going back to try the subs and sides.
4	Great friendly mom and pop deli. These people know how to treat their customers. A place locals love as just about everyone there was called by name.  We had turkey, ham And cheese and itailian subs all fresh as can be and great. While we were waiting they gave us a sample of their chicken salad too. Yummy . Not freaky fast by any means but each sandwich made to order and wrapped and marked with perfection.
5	While I love each and every visit to Casella's, today was something special - Casella's was celebrating an anniversary - 34 years in business!!There is something to be said about good food and a friendly atmosphere that stands the test of time.  It is easy to see why this family-run business has been open for 34 years and counting.Since first discovering this local gem with my Favorite Yelper a few months ago, I have lost count of the number of visits we have made.  Each and every time, we are greeted like family.  Denise even remembers our order!  Well, to be honest, every customer is greeted like family.  That is one of the many reasons we can't stay away.The decor is unpretentious, and the wood-paneled, nostalgia-filled walls tell the story of years of being a staple in the community.  Don't be surprised if you are offered a taste of whatever is being sliced behind the counter - thank you again Joe, for that Provolone!  :)Ready to taste a little bit of heaven?  Order the Hot Italian Beef with Provolone.  Served on a soft yet slightly crisp roll with a side of Au Jus, I struggle to find words to describe how good this sandwich is.  Just try it.  You won't be sorry.  Maybe money can't buy you love, but it can get you a fantastic meal - Casella's is cash-only.I have decided that I want to be adopted by the Casella family.  Sorry mom, but if you ever taste one of Casella's sandwiches, you will understand...
5	This is an awesome hidden gem! I've worked right down the street for 10 years but never knew about this place until my uncle recently told me about it. I had the philly cheese steak with peppers and sauce and it was amazing ... and huge! I could only eat half. Great prices for so much delicious food! This is a great little family owned place that has been there for 34 years!!! (They had a big sign stating they just celebrated 34 years on 4/1/11)  It is a cash only restaurant, so make sure you stop at the ATM first. The chef's daughter offered me a sample of the chicken salad her dad makes there daily. It is amazing! They sell over 100 pounds of this a week! Just a really neat place, friendly people, and amazing food! I will definitely be back!
4	I met fellow Yelpers Brian S and Shannon M here and learned that it's all about the sandwich.  And feeling like you have walked on to a set for "That 60's show" or "That 70's Show".  It's pretty clear the owners of Casella's are focused on the sandwiches, not updating the decor.I had an Italian beef sandwich.  It was great.  And I sat and soaked up the 70's decor as the bread from my sandwich was soaking up the juice.This place is old school all the way - old school awesome.  F#%*ing A.  Now where's my Trans Am?
5	Looooovvvveeeeee this place. I have been going since middle school and cant get enough. For great food, friendly staff, and even better service this is the place for you
4	This place was recommended by several Yelpers on the Talk board, so I decided to give it a shot for lunch one day.  Since everyone recommended the Italian Hoagie, I decided to order it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GTuAPBRsM5dVPqPy9oe14Q?select=wlDWkJfzaYGWqDVviW9-oghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/GTuAPBRsM5dVPqPy9oe14Q?select=YIheIM7GeCTUlLRrczkM_QThe Bread on the Hoagie was pretty good, but I thought it was a little on the dry side.  Would have enjoyed a little more Oil in it.  The ingredients tasted fresh and it was a solid Sandwich.....not the best I ever had, but pretty good.  Will have to come back to try some of their other stuff.They're not open on Sundays, so I'll have to try and squeeze in a visit during the week.Return Factor - 85%
5	I go to Casella's once every week or two for their Italian Sub.  Best Italian sub in the Phoenxi/Scottsdale area.  Fresh components that taste great just amazing.  The family that runs the place is great, warm, friendly, and gracious.
5	I'm not sure how to write this review without telling a story. I normally don't write dissertations, favoring the short and sweet condensed review, so if it's a little verbose, bear with me as it's a story worth reading.We've heard about Casella's for years but have never eaten there, usually due to bad timing on our part as they close early on Saturday and are not open for business on Sundays. We finally made it there today during normal business hours.Not knowing what to expect, we decided prior to going in if we weren't impressed with the menu, or the joint itself, we'd give each other the signal and find another lunch place.Well we weren't impressed with the decor, the menu or the overall ambiance, so we gave each other the nod and started for the door. That's when the owner, Joe Casella stopped us.Recognizing us as newbies, he told us all about his restaurant,  the menu, and even offered us a taste of whatever we liked.We declined, perhaps being a bit skeptical.But then something interesting happened. Joe introduced us to his wife and two of his four daughters (who were on duty) and we were instantly enamored with this family. Who does that in 2011? Seriously. He asked our names and even shook my hand. Long story short, after talking with Joe for just a few short minutes, my wife and I gave each other a reverse nod, signaling our eagerness to try something...anything! We ordered a couple sandwiches on Joe's recommendation.The food was superb.The bread was one of the best rolls I've ever had and is enough reason by itself  to keep us coming back. Crusty and not overly breaded, it reminded me of the rolls in Atlantic City where the bread is pure perfection. Same for the sandwich ingredients, full of flavor and cooked just right.But the best part was how Joe came over to talk to us after finishing our meal. He wanted our candid opinion of the food and service.If there's any single reason for me to frequent this place, it's the genuine heartfelt sincerity of the owner and his family, not to mention the food!Sure, the decor is old and needs updating, but somehow, after meeting the family, and eating lunch, I didn't care about the decor, or the no-nonsense menu, or the layout. None of that mattered anymore. What mattered was the overall experience of a true family restaurant, their wholesome foods, and being in the company of genuinely warm people. In a time when most of us tend to rely on first impressions, judging the proverbial book by its cover almost caused us to miss out on the Casella's experience had it not been for Joe Casella taking our hand and welcoming us into his unique domain.Casella's took me back in time today, when my grandparents would often take me with them to the Italian deli for lunch. As they visited with the owner (in Italian), sipped espresso for what seemed like hours, and ate a slow lunch, I wanted to die. I remember sitting there in the booth fidgeting as they talked, hoping like hell we'd get out of there soon.I hated that experience as a kid.I loved it today as an adult, but more importantly, finally recognized and appreciated the gift my grandparents unknowingly gave me. Thank-You Joe
4	Their meatball subs are fantastic. I know I should try their other food but once I had that sub I was hooked! Pre-sub I enjoyed lasagna, spaghetti, and a nice variety of pickled and pasta salads. The family is great, they will even open the doors if you show up at closing time which we once did. Love the photo of Papa Casella with the Pope.
5	This place is great! First of all I called on a Sunday to see if they were open. Well, they are closed on Sunday but that didn't stop the owner from picking up the phone and talking to me. He was really cool. Says he works about 5 hours on Sunday just prepping for the next week!Anyway, we went during the week. I got an italian beef w/provolone and the wife got the chicken salad. Very tasty, homemade food. A very friendly, family owned business. What's not to love?!I really appreciate these types of businesses in the community so I will be back frequently to support them. Please give them a try. You will not be disappointed.
5	I drive over 20 miles one-way just for the roast beef!  You can't get quality roast beef from any store today, not even the high end grocery stores.  But you can always get it at Casella's, and at a very reasonable price.  Sure, stop by for lunch and get your hogie and meatball sandwiches, every sandwich is made with love and they are all great.  But before you leave, ask for some sliced roast beef and some provolone to go.  You will never buy roast beef from ANY grocery store again!  BTW, get some cannolis too.  They are the bomb!
5	Thanks Shannon M. for turning me onto this place.  The meatball sandwich was fantastic.  Loved the family owned and operated service.
4	As the name says, it's a deli.  A hoagie shop.  And it blows the chains (Subway, Quiznos, etc) out of the water.It's a family-owned place.  The staff is very friendly and nice, and go out of their way to be helpful.  They know several of their customers by name.  They have several kinds of hot and cold sandwiches, and you can customize them any way you like.  I had the "chicken steak", and had them melt provolone on it, and add marinara, onions and peppers.The portions are large, and the price is quite reasonable.Oh...and they "import" cheesecake from NYC.  It's really good too.Don't let the simple decor fool you.  The chairs and tables are cheap, but the food is really good.  They do close early, so be warned.  3pm on Sat, and 6pm Mon-Fri.  Closed Sun.  Cash only.
5	It has been twenty plus years since I have had one of Casella's famous sub sandwiches. It was just as good as I remember.  The coleslaw is out of this world. I guarantee it will not be another twenty years. Next Friday I will be visiting them again.  Sorry I have stayed away so long.  Please remember this is cash only business.  Don't worry, it is very light on the wallet.  :)
5	I have been living in Arizona for 4 years and have yet to find a decent Italian Beef Sandwich, until now.  I even gave the same statement to the owner.  I had ordered an Italian Beef for carry out, and while I was waiting, I let him know my frustrations.  He gave me his card and told me to call him after I ate the sandwich because he wanted to know what I thought.  Well, it was FANTASTIC!  Of course, I called him back to let him know.  The service, and the time and effort put into the food cannot be beat.  This is what you get for a mom and pops type place.  There are plenty of other sandwiches and foods there too.  I can't wait to go back and try some more!
5	I found this place courtesy of my fellow yelpers and was pleased to find the ratings were genuine. The owner, who was originally from Philadelphia, came to Scottsdale in 1974 and opened the deli in 1977.  Yeah, I am a nosy guy.The hot pastrami sandwich was really exceptional.  I came back the next day to try the Italian Hoagie.  I looked inside the sandwich and found capicola. Yummy!  I took an extra sandwich to go, but it was soggy the next day.  So you need to eat the sandwich right there.
5	Excellent staff, awesome food! Just go!
5	This is one of those places you wish Yelp would allow more than five stars. The service was probably the best I've ever had. Even the Four Seasons can't top the Casella family. When I was debating over a few different items they gave me samples of each to try without me even asking. The owner came and sat with us a bit to make sure our sammies were to our liking and to tell us the history of his family business. I had the cheesesteak, my fellow diner had the meatball sub and both were solid. Also, ordered some chicken salad to go. They apparently sell 150 pounds a month of the stuff and after one bite you'll know why. It's classic and good! Yes the place looks like it hasn't been updated since it opened in 1977 but it all adds to the character. My only wish is that they would have a few tables outside.
5	4.5  Well after hearing a favorite former yelper sing the praises of the hot Italian beef, I finally made it in, cash in hand since no plastic.  I like that the place had not seen a decorator in 34 years.  Actually, I don't think it saw one then.  In a deli, I'm looking for a good sandwich for a good price.  I'm not interested in paying $17.95 for a turkey sandwich so they can recoup the cost of an overpriced interior designer.And I got just that.  An excellent Italian beef sandwich as well as the biggest pickle I have ever seen.  And in following my new half-star policy, bumping up to 5 stars because the gals at the counter were so welcoming to everyone who came in.  And Mr. Casella himself took the time to say hello while we were waiting.  They also run a buy 2-get 1 free special during the week late afternoons.
4	Chicken salad sandwich is very good. If you come here starving you're going to have to probably buy two of whatever you get, because 1 - it's delicious, and 2- its a modest size. The menu at DeFalco's for example is much broader, and they have larger portions. I had the Italian sandwich and it was good as well.As several have noted, this place looks like someone kept the dust covers on everything for 30 years and then decided to reopen it again. There is a lot more potential for this place, but they seem to be sticking to what has worked for the past 30+ years. While nostalgic it also seems a little lazy. Bottom line is eat here.
5	I can only vouch for the chicken salad, as it's the only thing I've ever tried in the 20 years I've been coming here. It's THAT good. I always think about trying something else, but why mess with perfection?Walking inside gives you the sense that you've stepped into a time machine and arrived in the late 70's. I, personally, find it to be awesome. Most of Scottsdale is lacking in historic flare. And yes, the late 70s is historic by Scottsdale standards. Besides, whatever money they're not spending on updating the decor is clearly going right into their magically delicious chicken salad.
5	What a great little family owned joint!  Everyone is so friendly here, and this is one of those ran places that the family runs the place, and knows the majority of the patrons by name.  I love right here in the neighborhood, and can't believe it's taken me this long o discover this gem.  If you're ever in the old town area, it's worth the trek over here to casella's to grab a sandwich.  I recommend the hot Italian beef which was outstanding!I will no longer be going to Subway and encourage you to do the same.  Let's keep the dollars local, and hit up Casella's where the sandwiches are easily twice as good!
5	I agree with the previous posts.  I was looking for a reasonably priced, but delicious lunch and found this place on yelp.  They were celebrating their 35th year anniversary and were thrilled to find out I was visiting for the first time.  I met the owner Joe and his wife Tina.  They make a point of introducing themselves and making you feel very welcome.  You can taste-test all of their salads.  (Their chicken salad and baked beans are delicious) I am so glad for yelp helping me find all of these little gems that would have remained hidden!BTW, cheese steak is amazing.  Got the works and it is delicious.
5	Family-owned for 35 years and we felt like family on our first visit! We stopped by here yesterday after reading reviews from other yelpers and we were not disappointed. The pizza hoagie was delish- even my kids ate every last drop. Husband had the pepper cheesesteak and devoured it. Make sure you have cash and drop by here soon!
5	My parents started going shortly after they opened, thusly I am a life long loyal customer. Best sandwiches, great meatballs, and the most wonderful rice pudding ever!
5	i was craving a sandwich after my meeting, so i yelped for sandwich shops nearby. casella's caught my eye with the high reviews. walking in, i was a little apprehensive...but i reminded myself this is a mom and pop shop. they are all about the food. one of the ladies that works there told me about the menu, and was very excited i was a first timer. i got a couple of Italian beef sandwiches to-go. get the au jous with it (she recommended i did). so delicious. my boyfriend about died and went to heaven when he took his first bite. we will definitely be back. this place lives up to their reviews!!!!
5	Needed a quick bite in Scottsdale so I used the Yelp app and swung by this place.  I was a little taken aback by the location but once we got inside, it was nothing but goodness.  We had the pizza hoagie with potato salad.  Amazing.  The potato salad was nice and tangy with no celery, just the way I like it.  The pizza hoagie came with a generous amount of cheese and delicious tomato sauce.Staff was super friendly and helpful.  Definitely a keeper.Cash only!
5	Absolutely the best East Coast style sandwiches in town. The Italian beef is unbelievable and I've had a lot of good pastrami but here it melts in your mouth. This family owned and run business has been in the same spot for 35 years. Joe, the owner is a vet and a true American Hero. If he has time, he likes to sit and tell stories to his customers... Ask him about where he got the recipe for his Italian Beef.
5	When I go through nasty fights with a girlfriend, I go get a half of chicken salad and a works steak to make myself feel better! Its that kind of place for me! Joe and his family have been operating this place for all of the 32 years I have been here in Scottsdale. My sister and I would spend babysitting money on a pizza hogie once a week every summer. Great family, great food, great place. No frills interior, old school the whole way but perfect.
3	Seems like the ratings reflect the niceness of the owners and staff members versus the food.  They were very nice..The chicken salad sandwich was a little heavy with the mayonnaise.  The italian sub was pretty decent, not overdone with dressing.  The italian beef was different than the style I'm used to (Chicago style), but it wasn't bad especially with the au jus that came with it.  The bread used in all these sandwiches were pretty good.  I wish they had more toppings - I like to get jalapeno or banana peppers on my sandwiches.  Seems like they have limited toppings that they would place on a given sub unless specially requested?The sandwiches aren't bad and they're very nice people.  However, these are not $7 subs.
5	I've been eating at Casella's for years!! I used to live down the street and go more often then I do now but even when I'm in the area, I try and stop by. The decor is old but if you look past that, you will discover the family friendliness and food are incredible! I usually order the turkey sub but their chicken salad sub is THE BEST! Unfortunately, this place isn't super healthy but boy is it tasty!Just remember to bring cash because they don't accept anything else!!
5	The cheesesteaks are to die for. Every Friday is tradition to have Cassela's cheesesteaks, taste just like the ones in Philly. Get it with sauce and grilled onions :) the bread rolls are the secret I think. They get them specially made from a bakery and stop selling once they run out for the day. It feels like family when you walk in and everything on the menu is amazing. Remember that it's cash only!   A great part of going to Saguaro High School is hearing about Cassela's and then once graduating seeing the picture of your graduating class added to the wall.   There's nothing like Cassela's :)
5	This was my first time going to this establishment. It came recomended to me by my co-worker who's brother went almost everyday while living here and in high school down the road. I had to go to the costume shop just next door and she told me to look for this place. Thought I would give it a try.After reading several reviews on Yelp, it helped me to decide this was the place to get my lunch. I walked in and Tina was eager to welcome me and quickly take my order. I mentioned that it was my first time and knew they were a cash only establishment so I wanted to make sure I stayed within the cash that I had on hand.Got a half Italian with onion and just the way they make it. Nothing extra or added. DELISH!!! The aroma from the oil blended with the herbs were the first thing that I smelt when opening the sandwich. The bread was soft and contents were fresh!I opted to get a side of potato salad from reading the reviews of it. OMG!!! I don't know that anything can take me away from NOT ordering that every time I come back. The potatoes are cut almost like an au gratin type cut which makes it so nice and filling (even with the small cup that you are served). It was creamy and the blend of sweet and tart made it just a wonderful delight!! Who doesn't love a good potato salad!Next I got a cannolli. Being born on Long Island, New York and going back to visit family, that every time you go you have to visit the bakery to get fresh cannollies to bring them home to the parents back in Arizona. THIS CANNOLLI WAS EVERYTHING THE REVIEWS SAID THEY WERE. The cream was just sweet enough filled all the way though the shell (the way it should be!!!) and creamy as can be. PERFECTION!!! I just found my new place to get my parents their craving for New York style cannollies!When I get the craving for a sandwich, I'll be putting this place on the map of go to places first!! To get all that I did on just over $7.00 for lunch it was perfect!My co-worker is now planning on visiting for dinner for her and her husband tomorrow night on her way home!
3	I have been trying to go to this place for months now, but it is a bit difficult with the limited hours.  I showed up with a friend of mine for lunch on a Monday (I had the day off work) and we were informed right away it is a CASH-ONLY joint....so we took a trip down the strip mall to the grocery store to retrieve cash and came back.  We both opted for the Italian Sub with two large drinks, which came to around $17.  I would say the sandwiches were about 10inches long and they came with no accompanying side dishes.  The meats on the sub were good with the perfect amount of dressing so the bread didn't get all mushy.  And the drinks came with free refills.  You can tell the place has been around for a very long time and the people who work there are very nice.  I thought the food was decent, but I lived in Europe and and an Italian neighborhood in NYC, so my expectations are very high when it comes to Italian delis.
4	Some friends took me here while I was in town from LA. Great sandwiches and from what I understand this is a family owned and operated business. I hear that their lasagna is good too. I'll have to try that next time for sure... PS- The price is right here. In LA I would have been stuck paying double for the cold cuts.
5	One of the best places to get real home cooked deli food... Meatballs, Roast Beef, Chicken Salad, Baked Beans... And a host of other delicious food.. All home cooked, prepared and served by the wonderful and friendly Casella family.
5	This place is amazing! It is cash only, but its worth it. This is one of my top 10 places for a philly cheese steak. Small family owned sandwich place, where they make you feel as if they've known you for years, even if it's your first time there. I would suggest you try it!
5	A Classic!  Great subs, great deals, great family. A neighborhood favorite. Love it!
5	Great place.  Perfect service. Can't wait to go back.  Pasta salad was delish.
5	Locally owned for around twenty years this is a true neighborhood fixture. While it's not going to win any decorator awards the people and the food here are off the charts. I'm talking about some really really good homemade food! I loved this place from the moment I walked in the door. *Beware they close for family vacations and the summer.
5	The food is a solid five but the service and staff can be rated 1000000/5. This restaurant is locally owned and it shows.  On a hot summer day, the lady at the counter gave me a ride to a nearby location after my dehydrated, heat exhausted self ordered a Pizza Hoagie. The employees are nice folk who won't hesitate to help a fellow man (or woman) out. And yum. I sure love the Pizza Hoagie.A lot of people come for the food and stay for the lively conversation. I stay for both. Give me more Casella's!Keep in mind that this place only accepts cash.
4	In town for a short weekend trip and wanted a quick lunch.  Saw the reviews on Yelp and figured we had to give it a try.   Well, we loved it.    The service is amazing and friendly.   Joe, the owner, and his daughter, were lovely to chat with.     Food is fresh and prepared when you order.
5	Oh my goodness. This place is delicious. Family owned and operated and wonderful people at that. I wish I could take this place home with me! I had a cheesesteak with the works which included their AMAZING marinara sauce. Denise had me try a bite of their chicken salad that is cooked in house complete with their dressing. Ooooooo my. Moist deliciousness. The potato salad was quite yummy too. You cannot go wrong coming here. I'll be getting some of their cannoli's to take with me. Thank you fellow yelpers who guided me here! :)They are cash only and worth every penny.
5	Chicken salad sandwich is unbelievable. Owners are wonderful.
5	Nothing fancy about this place. I had to check it out because my boss has been lunching here for the past 10+ years. I now understand why.  The sandwiches and homemade deli salads are delicious. I had a Salami and Provolone sandwich the French roll was fresh as can be and I ordered a small potato salad that was as good as it looks. I also added a homemade brined kosher pickle, it was different , but not in a bad way , actually really good .  I highly recommend stopping off here, support your local restaurants ! Casella's is now in my top 5.
4	I am giving Casella's a 4-star rating, because as a native Washingtonian the lack of air conditioning was noticeable.The fact that we drove from Goodyear to try their meatball sub sandwich created a shockwave of disbelief.  Good food is in short supply in Arizona.  Since there is nothing around the Goodyear area, I didn't mind driving 30 minutes to visit this place.Everything about my sandwich gave the impression that the food was fresh and not greasy or stale, like Subway.  The bread was soft with a slight crispiness.  Although, a little flaky, it wasn't hard or tough.The sauce and the meatballs were obviously created by hand and had not been frozen or left to sit for a long period of time.  Freezing meatballs can sometimes make them rubbery and tough, but these were pleasantly moist and appetizing.The cheese that was included with the sandwich mixed well with the other ingredients and didn't overpower or distract from the overall enjoyment.After discovering that we had driven from Goodyear, they invited us to sample some of their homemade salads.Even though I was full of meatballs at this point, I agreed.I am a meat and potatoes type of guy, but I can safely say that their salads are delicious.I don't know what they put in them, but each salad was delectable and refreshing.  On those hot summer days, I would recommend the pasta or "healthy" salad.  Both were cool and light and would help to beat the heat, so to speak.If you're looking for something more rich and hearty, I would recommend the chicken salad.  I am nowhere near a chicken salad expert or critic, but this stuff was pretty damn good.  The flavor was unique and satisfying and the chicken was tender and well-cooked.For an establishment to be in business for over 35 years, it takes skill, expertise and, of course, great food.Casella's exhibits all of these things.  It has a great family atmosphere and they make you feel like a long lost cousin.Casella's Italian Delicatessen easily vies for the top spot in the Greater Phoenix area for Italian eateries.Do not hesitate to visit.
5	Found this place via Yelp. Had never eaten in the neighborhood before. Most people write about how nice the staff here is and they are right. Nicest people to ever run a deli. Their meatball sub is also amazing!
5	love them
4	Awesome chicken salad. Wish they took credit cards though!
2	I found this place on Yelp and based on the reviews I had great expectations. I liked that it was a locally owned business and that it was rather simple. Everyone on Yelp recommended the Philly Cheese steak. It definitely wasn't anything special, the meat was a little dry, the bread wasn't authentic cheese steak break but rather what you would find on any sub. I haven't had a cheese steak I like that uses provolone instead of whiz. The one awesome thing that came out of the experience was their homemade dog biscuits. My dog loved them and they were made of all natural ingredients.
5	What a hidden gem! Noticed the great reviews so I had to give it a try. Excellent food and service! Family owned, the owners are genuine and very friendly. The Steak works is sooo good! Highly recommended!! FYI place is cash only
5	So before someone takes away my Phoenician card, I have never been here before.  A girlfriend has been going here for years, was dumbfounded that I had never been, so we bee lined it here. First of all, the owners are from my neck of the woods in PA so insta-love fest. Secondly, warm and welcoming they were so nice to go through the menu and give me samples of the food to help make my decision (which didn't cause everything is so damn good).  I decided on the chicken salad sandwich, TO DIE!!! I MEAN SERIOUSLY!!! It was so damn good.  I love everything about the place. Next time, cheesesteak sandwiches; he's from Philly and they use real meat not the pre packaged stuff. I'm so stoked. Go here, spend the cash (cash only) support local businesses and fall in love. I did.
5	THE BEST sandwiches in all of Arizona. Only blocks from home, I've been known to walk here for a cheesesteak. Their homemade pizzelles are great. The people here treat you like family, whether you have been here once or twice or are a regular.
5	This place is amazing. If you're in the mood for a good sandwich, this is the place to go.We went here the other day after my nephew's little league game and I couldn't believe what I had been missing out on. Not only is everyone really friendly here, but the food is fantastic.I ordered the Italian sub, which wad delish and my hubby ordered the cheesesteak, which I also loved. We will be coming back here often and probably become regulars.
5	Great place....delish food....always fast service!
5	not only does  casella's italian delicatessen offer healthy wholesome meals, but they do an excellent job making healthy taste good! the servings are quite large and the prices totally affordable. the food is made fresh to order but still comes out pretty quickly. if you like healthy, good quality food, then this is definitely the place to go.
5	This is by far the best deli in Arizona. I grew up down the street from Casella's so I have known about and eaten here almost as long as they have been in business. Now that I live in Casa Grande, I don't get up here as often as I would like but anytime my family is in the valley we try to work it so we can get by for lunch. Our family loves the Pastrami, chicken salad, turkey, and meatball sandwiches but no matter what you order you will not be disappointed.
5	This is the perfect little family owned deli.  I have fond memories of yoohoos and turkey sandwiches. I wish there was a way to rate them 4.9 stars because cash only is a bit of a pain but I understand it is expensive to run credit and debit. Thank you for the fond memories and I look forward to the new senior photos from saguaro every year.
5	The cheese steak with sauce & onions is almost as good as the chicken salad; which rocks!
5	Love this family owned Italian deli.  They are the cooks and that staff, and they always remember your name, even when you have not been their in years.  Love the photos of the senior classes from Saguaro High School, definitely supports the locals.  Get the chicken salad sandwich or the chicken steak, you will not be disappointed.
3	This was the first stop for lunch upon arriving in Scottsdale from Toronto.I wasn't blown away but I will agree with other yelpers that the staff was very friendly and they seemed to know everyone who came in. I'll start with the positives: - very inexpensive...the hot Italian beef with jus was only 7 bucks! - also got a half chicken salad sandwich (nice to be able to order half sizes for the cold sandwiches (note you can't do that with the hot sandwiches though)- the cannoli was delicious!- very friendly place that seemed to bring a lot of localsThe not so great if I am being picky- I really don't like when the person handling the money touches the food. After I paid (cash only by the way) she took the sandwich and cut it in half and arranged it in the basket for us without gloves or washing hands first- sandwiches were just ok, but commensurate with the price so I am not complaining.All in all a cute joint and friendly but I likely would not be back.
4	First time try this deli, the price is a bit high, but I try it by good reviews.  I have Italian hoagie, chicken salad, and pepper & cheese steak...not very surprising (I over expect the tastes and Italian flavors).  The Italian hoagie I like the best, it has a lot of olive oil, but the half sandwich is pretty small, about 5".  The chicken salad is ok, not much different from other deli (I expect to taste something totally different from Italian deli). The pepper & cheese steak is fresh made when u order, the taste is alright, I need to add salt and black pepper to the sandwich to bring up all the flavors..not bad.  Overall, the taste of the sandwich is alright, but it is fresh made, the staffs are super friendly, and I like to support local family owned restaurant, so I would give 4 stars.
5	I lived in this neighborhood growing up. Every now and again, I would write down my family's order, grab the cash, and peddle my way up Granite Reef to Casella's. My mom and my favorite is their chicken salad sandwich, my brother's favorite is the pizza sub, and everyone loved their AMAZING potato salad. The family-owned business is exactly the same today as it was when I first starting eating there nearly 20 years ago (admitting  how long it has been is hard). Everyone complains about them being cash-only.  They have ALWAYS been cash-only, and I like that about them.  They have quality ingredients, are always friendly when you walk in the door, and time and time again, give a great product. I live in Tempe now, and I go out of my way to order from them instead of the chain down the street -- gotta keep the local businesses alive!! LOVE IT!
3	Tried the Philly cheesesteak except this was my first version with Italian gravy, otherwise known as marinara. They folded the sauce into the sandwich, but I think the proper method is to just ladle it over the completed steak sandwich. It was different, but overall the sandwich was pretty good with the dominant taste being of onions. Very friendly staff and will have to return to try their famous chicken salad, which I sampled and although loaded with mayo, it tasted pretty good too.
5	Old school. Delicious. Family owned. Talk to Joe! You'll especially appreciate this place if your from back East. Philly cheese steak and chicken salad are winners.
4	Great neighborhood Deli, Bring cash, great food
1	Can't believe the great reviews for this place.. The service was good but my chicken cheesesteak sub was pure salt and not edible. Gross.
4	The service here was fantastic and personable and you can tell they care about the food they serve.I ordered a steak sandwich and it was hot and good.The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars was because they don't take credit cards and I didn't see a bathroom anywhere. But if you want fantastic food at a simple, relaxing deli...can't go wrong here!
5	The first thing you notice when you enter Casella's, is the aroma of delicious Italian food. This place makes their food with love, and that is evident from the first bite. Tina, Joe and their lovely family couldn't be more welcoming and inviting.  They are so sweet!  We were visiting from Los Angeles and they made us feel like family.  Everything is homemade -the sauces, the meatballs, the bread, the rice pudding and cannolis. Absolutely delicious!  Our dogs report that the homemade dog biscuits are great! Highly recommend this Italian oasis in the desert.  Our next trip to Scottsdale definitely includes visiting Casella's - multiple times.
5	Fantastic family-owned deli!  The chicken salad and meatball sandwiches are the best in town.  The service is great--they make you feel like you are part of their big, extended family.
5	We love supporting local businesses especially this one with amazing food and great people
5	Buddy and I split half Pepper-steak and half Meatball with potato salad and extra marinara for my Meatball.  It was DELICIOUS.  Great service and very friendly.  I enjoyed how it was a CASUAL PLACE. Look forward to going back and trying some other fine sandwiches and salads.  Cannoli's looked FRESH.
5	Family owned. Great people, great service and great sandwiches. Get the Pizza Hoagie but add a meatball to it!
5	soild sandos. just go.
5	LOVE Casella's!  Its a neighborhood classic.  The chicken salad, cheesesteak, turkey and potato salad are my favorites although having tried pretty much everything, you really cant go wrong.  Casella's is a family owned and operated restaurant.  Have a cannoli for dessert and tell Joe & Co. I said hi!
5	A friend told me about this little hole in the wall. I bet I have driven by this place many times and never knew it was there. Yes, it is cash only but if you know that before you go, what is the big complaint? This is a family business. The interior reminds me of many of the Italian restaurants in Buffalo, NY, wood panels, tables and metal chairs, nothing fancy but this is a sandwich place, I don't need fancy, I need good. The two women asked my name, welcomed me and I placed my order to go. I ordered an Philly Cheese steak with onions and a chicken salad sandwich. Both were delicious. The bread is the best roll I have had in Phoenix. Just like back east. Out here in Phoenix the bread they serve at sandwich places is...YUCK, kind of subway sandwich bread. To me the roll is important and this one hit the spot. Very casual, limited hours, Monday Thru Friday, 11Am to 6Pm, Saturday, 11Am to 3PM. I am definitely a regular now.
5	This deli is such an amazing place, my mother used to come here when she was younger so she brought me for the first time back in 2010. Since then it has been my favorite place to eat, I finally was in the area again and brought my wife and daughter and they both loved it! It's awesome how friendly the people are, and that nobody makes them self out to be a stranger. I also found it amazing how the father who owns the place is so proud of his wife, his family, and his deli. It's a shame they aren't as widely known and recognized through AZ as they should be. I love the place and the people. I couldn't have had a better experience every visit, I've never left here diss appointed!
5	This is an amazing place to stop for lunch.   They close at 6, so you can get an early dinner if you need.   Walked in for the 2nd time and they knew my name and my wife's.   All food is made on premise!Going "cheese steak" today!  Meat is fresh eye of round, sliced that day!
5	Great service! Great food! I suggest the chicken salad or meatballs but no matter what you get, you won't regret it. Family owned and operated. My boyfriend and I would recommend this restaurant to everyone!Liked: Food, Service, Atmosphere, Value, Roast beef
5	I have been coming here since I was 14 years old, I am 31 now. The food the people are top notch and family oriented. Try the cheese steak fully loaded, to die for.
5	This please is totally legit, I'm from Philly and Joe Cassella knows his food. Super friendly and great food, don't miss this place.
3	You walk in and immediately think you've entered an Elks lodge.  The food is solid but I'm not sure it is good or unique enough to pull you away from the gravitational pull of the two superior Italian delis in the area, Defalco and Andreoli.  Also, that 'Cash Only'  policy isn't earning any customer service awards.
5	The service is wonderful, friendly people, and the service is wonderful. This place deserves a six star rating. A must try!
5	Real food. Real people. AND the only place in town for a real Italian Hoagie! My dad (Philly native) found Joe and family, days after moving to AZ. I went to HS down the street. If we could eat their food daily, we would. My son is a hoagie lover and my daughter fell in love with their spaghetti. It's a family affair for everyone they've touched and fed! I don't dare tell someone I've had a hoagie for lunch unless I brought more for dinner! It's also way cool that they actually close every year to take a real family vacation. So cool, that their loyal customers wait patiently for their return!
5	37 years and counting! Casellas is one of the best lunch spots in town. Family owned and operated, always friendly and the food is consistently delicious. The Pastrami sandwich and the Cheesesteak are both excellent but don't forget to try the potato salad and their home made cannoli!
5	Superb neighborhood deli!  Delicious quality food, great value, fast friendly service!
5	I live an hour west of Scottsdale. So whenever I'm in the area I hoots stop in.  Yummmm!  The chicken salad is the best,  and you won't be sorry if you order what "pops" says is an authentic philly. Luv luv this place!! Family owned. You'll luv it too
5	I will gladly drive 40 miles from my house to Casella's for their food.They have become my top stop Italian deli.Recently, I tried their Italian and cheesesteak sandwiches.  Both were awesome.I also love their salads.  I had the pasta and chicken salad.  The chicken salad receives my only small complaint, because it is a little too thick for my taste.Maybe they need to ease up on the mayonnaise or something.  I don't know.This place gets extremely busy around lunch time, but the service is quick.  Try to remember that they do not take debit / credit cards or checks.  Cash is king.The Casella family is like a well-oiled machine: dad runs around, making sure everything is orderly and clean, while mom and the daughters handle cooking, food prep, and the front counter.I simply love this place....even more than DeFalco's.
4	Classic deli with good food at a fair price. The decor is stuck in the 70's but The service is first rate and very friendly. Not a fan of the cash only policy since I use my debit card for everything.  Fountain drinks would be nice upgrade.
4	My thinking is the sandwiches are good as to the best inngrediants but where the shop's strength is with the counter caes. Anything I have had from the case is excellent.It has been consistant for the 35 years of my experience.
5	Super nice people and outstanding food make this family owned non-pretentious sandwich shop a stand out.  I think it is a Mom and Pop with a few daughters running the place. They are all super sweet.  The cheese steak is out of this world.  It is not your Philly style cheese steak. But it is a must have for me.  The meatball and Italian beef subs are a close 2nd choice.  And the cold Italian Combo sub, also delicious!  And I dig the yummy potato salad.  And definitely do not miss out on the amazing cookies ... off the hook!!  They close at 6 PM, so hurry up and call in your order!
