4	Cabela's store defies any category. If you're at all familiar with the name, you have probably seen a catalog of theirs lying around somewhere on your grandfather's end table. Even if you aren't a fan of the outdoors, you're bound to find something of interest (or disinterest) here at Cabela's.Inside this massive building you will find anything and everything you need for the outdoors or for the outdoors enthusiast on your shopping list. Entire sections are devoted to guns, fishing, archery, camping and more. Cabela's is the only store I've been in that has an aquarium full of fish you'd likely encounter in your outdoors excursions. Feats of taxidermy are on display. Deer, elk, badgers, bobcats, squirrels, animatronic hunters and more. Today, I can say I've seen a stuffed and mounted elephant. There is an entire section dedicated to camouflage. I had trouble finding it at first though.The second floor has household items for your cabin or vacation home, a candy shop and a cafeteria boasting some items you're not likely to find on a typical menu. You can dine on boar, ostrich, and venison or, if you'd rather have a good old hamburger, that's also an option. My friend that I went with opted for the venison bratwurst. Thousands of items from video games to antique guns in the Gun Library can be purchased. Unfortunately, the one item I kept encountering in repeated locations was the official Larry the Cable Guy ball cap with his despicable catch-phrase emblazoned upon it. I am not going to quote it here for fear of being beaten silly if I am ever spotted out in the real world. Seriously. I hate that guy.Want to teach your loved ones to use weapons? An indoor shooting range is just the answer you've been looking for. You can also purchase live bait or book one of the conference rooms for your next important meeting. If a boat is on your shopping list, you can easily find one here.So pack up the family, grab your favorite rifle and fill up the cooler with Schlitz so you can head down to Cabela's. It's like Disneyland for Montana Freemen.
4	The first thing I though as I walked into Cabela's was "Holy Crap, this place is huge!" And it is huge. This is the first and only Cabela's I've been to, as there aren't any in Greater Cleveland. With the way the entrance is set up, I felt as if I was walking into a convention center. There are several different areas of interest in the store. One was the museum of taxidermy, which was different to say the least. It was kind of cool to see the different animals you can find around Arizona, as they're not animals I would ever see at home. The shooting range was interesting to see inside a store, but it makes sense. After reading some of the reviews, I wish I would've stopped at the cafe. It sounds like a unique menu. The waterfall in the middle of the store is cool. The aquarium was also cool. The big thing I'll note is the store is mostly meant for hunters, which I am not. Fishermen will also like the store. I fish occasionally, but I'm not avid. It is generally not a general outdoors store such as REI. If you're into hunting or fishing, check out Cabela's. Although, even if you're not, it's worth a look anyhow.
3	Every second I was here, I thought "my vegetarian and vegan friends would picket this place if they came in here". Lots of forest-themed camo, lots of full-sized stuffed prey in the back of the store complete with their habitat (I felt like I was at the zoo, but not--hello mountain goat and deer!), weaponry, and you can buy a full-size boat in the parking lot if you wish. Handy. However, if I was in the market for army grade survival food, arrows or a tank top that would allow me to blend in with my surroundings, you betcha this would be the first place I would come. Sweet.
5	This is Arizona's Disneyland. For real.I absolutely LOVEEEE this place! And the bison burgers here are to DIE FOR. Mmm, bison. I'm not all that into hunting and guns and boats and what not, but my boyfriend is and he loves to come here. I mostly just look at the dead animals and look cute while he foams at the mouth. As long as he buys me a bison burger, I'm stay here as long as he wants.
3	This place is huge! Im not into hunting or fishing but if I ever decide to take up the hobby I know where Id go. I kid you not, they have everything here! Camping supplies, hunting/fishing equipment, boats, and even home decor! The restuarant up top is really good also! Duck wings and bison burgers! Expect to spend a few hours checking out all the stuff.
5	The place is huge.We have shopped here for gifts for the father in law, or otherwise known as Gus' dad.He loves everything we get him and he has been ordering from the catalog since it first started.For me it is a huge monument to death and torture with the equipment to cook it all up in the end.But if that is what you are in too it does not get better than this.
3	Nice selection in their gun corner, however, had to get a manager just to be able to see a revolver with a CA ID!! I'm 21!!Other than that, it was amazing, I found a nice leather holster for my 586 in the Bargain Cave! By the way, great name! :)Also, wonderful Bison Burger, with we had Cabela's in Ca.
1	THIS REVIEW IS FOR CABELA'S RESTAURANTI ate here twice. Twice it was very bad cafeteria food. Bummer.You are better off hitting one of the surrounding restaurants. Lots of OK ones to choose from.
4	Pretty good how many places can you get a Elk,Ostrich,Bison,Buffalo,Wild Boar, or Venison sausage sandwich?  Cant go wrong there.  Also fun.  Little pricey but its not bad.
4	This is a great place to visit, but I wouldn't want to shop there! While its an attraction unto itself, and their inventory is incredible, but there are really no bargains or discounts to be had. I feel the same way about R.E.I. if you are looking for camping gear- They have the stuff, but you can find it for considerably less on e bay, at Walmart, etc. In a nutshell, its a fun place to visit, and you'll find a variety of items that you may be looking for, but you're gonna' pay full retail price and you should expect no discount. Besides, how do you think they're going to pay their air conditioning bill in the summer months?
1	Wal-mart?  Yes, this place is just like shopping at Wal-mart - the annoying door greeter, the predominantly "rural" customers, the lack of service in some of the departments, and yet rock bottom prices on many items.Worst aspect is the handgun counter where you'll be ignored, even if you try to get the staff's attention with waving hands.  Lines form here just to look at handguns, and even if you have cash in hand you may be ignored and so frustrated that you'll go somewhere else and just pay the $30 more for that same handgun.Backorder & in-store delivery needs improvement.  While some of my backordered items arrived, the others remained on backorder.  I received no email update for a few weeks, and then an impatient caller from Cabelas telling me my order has been sitting there for a month and demanded to know when I would pick it up.  Yes, I'm serious.
3	If you're in it for the experience, Cabela's is totally worth it. There aren't many other stores where you can walk around and see beautifully-taxidermied wildlife staring at you from appropriate scenery. The store itself is impressive, too, with products as far as the eye can see and some nice lodgey architecture. Oh, right, and the gun gallery has some beautiful guns the price of the car you drove to get there.As far as a place to actually shop, though, it's a little more hit or miss. Their camping selection is mediocre and their tent selection is abysmal. Archers are better served with local archery shops and shooters are better served with local gun shops. Cargo management is basically non-existent. (So when Cabela's argued the store wouldn't impact local businesses a whole lot... They were right.)If you need CLOTHING, on the other hand... Now we're talking. Whatever you need, Cabela's has got it in spades. Shorts, shirts, waders, camo, pants, balaclavas, socks, thermal underwear, and more! If you can't find the outdoor wear you're looking for, you're either not trying or you require freak sizes like me. And Cabela's does have some stuff in sizes that suit the tall crowd--just not a lot.Go, enjoy the sights, and maybe buy some clothes for your next adventure. Just don't go there expecting amazing prices or to check everything off your outdoor shopping list.
4	So  I was little freaked out when I turned up this morning to find talk radio and Sheriff Joe, doing something to do with a book? and the flag? confusing. Anyhow I got the chair I wanted for my husband (zero gravity chair) which was STILL in stock 2 days after Thanksgiving. (and still on sale) After a few minutes of being ignored and I looked confused, someone did help me. The downer was they they don't sell any of their bison or elk meet in a refrigerated or frozen form (to-go) and they didn't have any large stainless steel water bottles or lip balm which attached to your key chain, which are two things I was looking for and thought they'd have there. They also didn't have a place where I could pull the car around to load up the chair, so  instead I hauled it out to the parking lot. It wasn't too heavy, so all's well that ends well.
1	i was very disappointed today. when i found out from the sporting good manager..RICK..mention they do not carry buss worm bedding.i was just ready to leave the store, when i came across  an older gentlemen name JIM, in sporting good. I ask him if they carry buss worm bedding. he answer yes and took me to the section. He was very nice and helpful and was able to answer all my question.
3	I have grown up using and wearing cabela's products and have appreciate the quality of their goods. The thing that I appreciate about Cabela's is that they actually sell thinks that outdoors oriented people need. You will go to some sporting goods stores and you will be able to buy tents and coats and there would be very few items for hunting. Cabela's has a huge inventory that you are able to choose from. On the website users are great about reviewing products so you know how it is going to perform in the real world applications. The greatest part is the return policy. If you break something that you buy they seem to just replace it! I have never had a problem getting a problem satisfied by them. The store is amazing to visit, there are fish and game mounts and awesome exhibits to take a look at. It was a great date idea before I got married just because there was so much to look at. Complaints? I went to a cardinals game this weekend and stopped here first to buy some ammo and AR15 parts. I spend close to 100 bucks at the store and they would still not permit me to park there for the game. It is a small thing but it was frustrating.
5	Love this store for casual clothing and cute shoes ladies. Love the wrangler jeans that I found here. I have had issues finding a decent pair of moderately priced jeans that fit well. Wrangler Q Girls jeans fit great and Cabellas had them. Also found a great pair of winter boots that look like UGs here and they were 1/2 the cost. Found some great looking, fashionable outer wear and also some great casual but dressy shoes to wear with jeans. Added bonus would be of course the Fudge in the shop upstairs.
4	We were on the westside of town and had some time to kill so my BF wanted to show me this place. It's like a Dick's sporting goods on steroids or something. This is definitely a place for the outdoorsy peoples. You can find stuff for fishing, hunting, hiking, camping and whatever else you're trying to do out in the wilderness. There's also a mini aquarium, a little shooting game where you shoot at targets with laser guns, a spot where you can test out some bow & arrows, a cafeteria, candy/specialty store and so much more.It was very interesting to walk around and look at all the stuff they carried. I was also surprised to see so many people there purchasing guns in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday. Imagine how many are sold daily. Wow. Its one of those things you never really think about... but shocking when you actually do... kinda scary.
5	Cabela's is awesome!  For starters, no, I'm not a hunter or fisher, but I do love stores like this for a variety of reasons.  First and formost, you don't have to be a hunter or fisher to shop here.  Its really an outdoorsmans (or womans) paradise.  They sell a lot of everything, from camo to camping gear.  They have two floors, and most of everything is going to be on the first floor.  They sell mens and womans clothing, camping supplies, guns, knives, household items, archery stuff, boating supplies and tons more.I find that they have a lot of great stuff for just about anyone.  I was really impressed with thier womans clothing selection, and the prices on some of thier items were a heck of a lot cheaper then Bass Pro Shop by far.  (bass pro shops clothes are wwwaaaayyy over priced!)  Im talking general clothing here, not specialty clothing such as camo, fishing or hunting gear.The place here also has a really great little cafe upstairs, and staff are located everywhere, and seem to be friendly and helpful.  They even have a bargin room with discounted supplies and some clothing, but I found it to be a bit picked over, so I didnt purchase anything.Cabelas also has an amazing display of live fish, and wildlife that is a sight to be seen.    Lots of game catches over the years that are on display, that you can observe and really enjoy!  This place is worth the trip, for any enthusiast really.
4	This place is has almost everything you need for an outdoor adventure under 1 roof.  Normally not my kind of store, but it is my hubby's.  I can NOT and do NOT hunter, fish, or camp.  My outside activities are more like sitting on the beach.  =)Anyway the hubby was looking for boots, so I tagged along.  The shoe department is upstairs.  I found comfy flip flops... =)  Love them... but I already have 6 of those kinds so I had to put them back.  But I know were they live.  Until next time!!!  Next to the shoe department was this fudge store-ish place.  YUM!  They have all sort of goodies in it.  I walked out with 6 different kinds of fudge.  =) I am a happy camper now.They have some dogs stuff too... WOW!  So it is not too bad of a store.  I found stuff for me and the doggies.  =)
2	Unless your over 50, getting help at the gun counter is a pain. I decided to buy a rifle and returned about 6 diffrent times to the store for ammo,targets,parts etc. Getting help seems impossible at times, most of the people there are my dad or grandpa old which is fine but out of the 6 times I had one guy name Brett who actually seemed eager to help.
3	Cabela's is a fun place to visit, especially for out-of-towners, or for folks who don't have one of these places near them. If you are an outdoor enthusiast like me and my Wife, it's really fun to tour the store and check out all he gear. Here's the problem... You are going to pay FULL RETAIL PRICE for anything you get here. Sure; they'll have what you are looking for. And, you'll pay a premium for it as well. After going there about 10 times in the last few years, I have never seen any deals whatsoever, and I tend to search for bargains rather than soak up the atmosphere of the place where I am shopping. Fun to visit, but shop elsewhere for better prices.
5	You cant go wrong here... As for deals they do have them sometimes you just have to "hunt" for them.. Its a place you can find all your needs for anything outdoors, plus some extras. It has the aquarium which is good to help keep little ones entertained, along with all the mounts to look at. They tend to do expos there which is cool gets you introduced to different outdoor activities, favorite has to be the cooking with the cast iron pan/ coals (drawing a blank on the right name...) Food is delish and sometimes out there and you cant go wrong with the Fudge!! A must for every visit. As for the parking, If they allowed you to park there for the game there would not be other parking for more customers. And it takes the parking revenue away from the stadium. So i can understand it. But I love it here we visit on many occasions, and stop into cracker barrel to eat when we don't eat there. :)
5	I love this store!  I didn't even get to explore the whole place but I came in here to look at assault rifles and possibly pick up a canoe.The first guy that helped us with the rifles was super knowledgeable and had an opinion about every gun he took down from the rack.  After looking at a couple AR15s, my friend told me about the special gun room where I got to hold guns I had only fired virtually in video games... the Aug, P90, and F2000.This store is 2 stories of all things outdoors and then there is even a giant aquarium with all kinds of trout and other swimmers.I wish there were one here in Cali, but obviously, they're smart not to put one in a state with retarded gun laws, so it makes the visits to Cabela's that much more special and amazing.
4	If all good people go to Heaven after death; then all good sportsman go to Cabelas! That's it, right? The only advice I can give anyone here' is to come with a few more bucks in your pocket and an open ended "things to get" list. There is always something on sale and plenty of bargains to go around. I've just recently started buying some of Cabelas name brand items and I haven't been disappointed yet.
4	I love the selection and quality of their items.  The only thing keeping them from 5 stars was the fact that every employee in the store harassed me and my wife about opening a store credit card.  One woman harrassed her for over 5 minutes about why she didn't want the card.
5	Cabela's is THE go-to place for everything outdoorsy. The store is clean, well stocked, and it's easy to find someone to help you.
5	This place is huge! Everything one could want for anything outdoors. The place has a huge selection of rifles to choose from. I had to get out of there before I spent too much.
1	This company has terrible customer service as far as I'm concerned. They also made a firearm ammunition sale to me that was not according to federal law. I consider myself a reasonable person and understand people make mistakes. It is a very fun place to visit but their selling practices and and customer service on the management level are absolutely unacceptable.
5	Is it possible for anyone to NOT like this place? It's kinda like Disneyland for an outdoorsman... or in my case and outdoorswoman. Um, the gun room was like a wet dream. There's also a really nice discount section upstairs where I got some things I didn't know I needed. Actually, this place is full of stuff I didn't know I needed. I bought some hiking boots and the shoe department offers a little rough terrain ramp type thing you can try out shoes on, it's kind of a joke because it's so small but I tried it out anyway. They also have the largest selection of outdoor clothing for women that I've come across in the valley. I think special outdoor clothing is ridiculous because brands like Patagonia, Columbia and North Face are so over priced and you're going to be wearing them to get dirty anyway, why would you waste the money. That being said, I still love to browse through and see if there's anything I can't live without.
5	THIS PLACE HAS IT ALL!! My hubby and I love to go in here and get stuff for EVERYTHING.  While we are not hunters we do enjoy fishing, camping and grilling. I am a s'more whore and they have the coolest STUFF for s'mores!  :-)  LMAO!  There are a ton of stocking stuffers as well for just about everyone!The only downfall, and not at all the stores fault, is the creepy feeling that we are usually two of the six black people in there at any given time!!  LMFAO!  And there are a lot of guns!!  TOTALLY JOKING!!  The workers there are all very personable and willing to help if needed.  Never left unhappy in that store!
5	I had an amazing time here! It was like a museum with all the animals around, a little scary but amazing. There were tons of different departments to search through whether it's fishing, hunting, camping, bow hunting, etc. This was my first and definitely not my last visit to Cabela's. The cafe was delicious!! I had the Bison bratwurst with fries. I was worried it would be too gamey but it wasn't and the fries were the best I had by far!! I will be back for more and soon.
5	First time here, heard so much about this place over the years. My expectations of a outdoor store was blown away by their customer service. I was unsure of the type of make boot to purchase for Alaska winters. They were extremely knowledgable and patient as I decided and tried on several boots. They answered all my questions and spent am appropriate amount of time with me. After my purchase I went home and looked on the internet for consumer reviews about my purchased boot.and what did I see, but a better price on-line. I called Cabela and they promptly refunded me the difference over the phone.Great place for outdoor needs....
5	This place is Awesome! I purchased a few things online and had them shipped to the store. I was promptly emailed when my items arrived in store and I was able to pick them up that day. There customer service was great and I'm very happy with my new BSA scope its good quality and it was a great price. Very happy worth the drive from Mesa!
5	Today I was in a jam, my dad arrives at 8:30pm and I pulled out the super high, super cool air mattress last night only to find out that my 11 year old failed to tell me he managed to break it (last summer) and there is a large hump and it won't keep air. I bought this through Cabelas last year (of course for Dad), so I called customer service to see how long it was under warranty, which turned out to be only 90 days. Therefore, I had to buy a new one, but there was no way I could get to the store in Glendale to pick it up today, but if I ordered/paid for it, I could have family members that could get it and bring it to me...making my life a lot easier! The 800 Customer service told me I had to call the store direct, so I did. I can't give you the details because they bent a few rules, but I have to say they were very accommodating and friendly,..and they completely helped me out of a jam! Plus the store price was $10 less...and I was able to purchase an extended warranty that covers any damage for another year (cha, ching!). Thanks for the awesome customer service 2 days before Christmas!
3	If I could give 1/2 more star I would. Eating here, awesome, selection, also awesome, cool animal displays, the prices are a bit high....
2	Clearly the best place to go for just about everything outfitter related.  UNFORTUNATELYThe ONE item I go in to buy, the same item I called four hours in advance to make sure they had in stock...was NOWHERE to be found.  And the sales help was nothing of the sort.  In fact I am pretty sure the counter guy did not give two poops if I was disappointed or not in Cabela's.  With that in mind, I left.Went to the internet, and bought exactly what I wanted at about 30% less than what I would have paid at Cabela's, no sales tax, and got free shipping.  So ah, Cabela's, just like Sean Conner said to Alex Trebek..."Suck it Trebek!".  I'm done with ya.
5	been here once, but must say best place for men...remember the days when you were a kid and your parents took u too the toy store?well this is it for the big boys.... hahaha once you step in, you can be wondering around and finding things you want and need for hours... i just wish they had one of these stores in So. Cal
5	Now this is the Ultimate spot for the big kids in every adult, this place is huge yet very educational. I will definitely come here to purchase upcoming firearms and camping equipment.
5	My friends at work recently convinced me to give shooting a try and it turns out I love it and the place I like to equip myself is Cabela's.I have been here on 4 or 5 occasions in the last month to purchase ammo and my .40 S&W Sigma. The staff is great 95% of the time with your occasional grumpy gun sales guy. One gun counter guy took 15 minutes out of his time to talk with my wife about ordering a particularly hard to find .22 LR when he knew we would not be buying anything that day.The store is well stocked, large and has a nice ambiance. It does not have the lowbrow cold feel of a normal gun store. If you need outdoor equipment, firearms or whatever I would highly suggest them. They also seem to have pretty good sales all of the time as well.
5	Living in the high desert in North Scottsdale, it's not unusual to see a myriad of desert varmints in my backyard on any given day.Well I don't like snakes. The javelinas eat my flowers. And the bobcats startle the shit out of me every time I see one, the sneaky little fuckers.Worse yet, seeing one of these critters while on a hike or bike rides can really fuck with ones sense of peace and tranquility. This is why I carry both a knife AND a gun on me at all times during desert treks. Cabella's is the place I got outfitted. My Winchester Ranger, a knife larger than the one Crocodile Dundee carried, and my Berretta 92F are the perfect weapons to administer swift desert justice to those in need.I simply duct tape them to my person, or bike, and voiia, I'm ready for a confrontation in the most pre-meditated, first degree sense of the word.Whether its a fight to the death with some gnarly desert dweller, or the more mundane desert euthanizing, you can find all your safety needs at Cabella's.I feel like the Dr. Kervorkian of the Sonoran Desert thanks to Cabella's.
4	It's alright, but i think Bass Pro Shop is more fun.  They have about the same type of things, similar prices too.
1	What a waste!  If I were a red-neck yahoo, I'm sure I actually would have gotten some service here.  Although I was in the market for a kayak and other goodies, it was IMPOSSIBLE to get anyone to help.  After searching the store to try and get someone to ask my questions, you could all but see them all but roll their eyes as I asked questions.  It was like PULLING TEETH to get any help.  I wasn't going to comment until I went to Dick's Sporting Goods and had the opposite experience.  I WILL NEVER GO TO CABELA's again!  A complete waste of my time.
2	High prices, poor customer service... no thanks.They do have a lot of stuff and the store is fun to shop in but I get sticker shock every time I dare to look - I can find the same things for less elsewhere. Usually premium stores come with good customer service but that is not the case here.  It almost seems as thought they make sport of avoiding helping the customer.Anyway, I might go there for the fun of browsing or verifying that I got a better deal elsewhere but I find it hard to buy things there.
4	Great outdoors store that has just about everything.....I have never bought anything here, but has been a great place to take people to sight see.  I have even taken children here to check out the huge fish tanks, stuffed animals(real ones) and all the unique gear that goes along being a hunter, fisher, or outdoors type.  I am sure the prices are not the best, but you go here for the huge selection of unique tools and equipment that is special to these recreational hobbies.  Anyways if I was an outdoors type, hunted, or fished, or just curious on taking up a new hobby this is a place to check out.
4	I never get tired of going here.  But, I will grant some reviewers that it isn't the best place to get help if you do not know what you need and/or are talking about.  It's a lot like Best Buy in that regard....huge square footage, lots of employees, and very few who really want to be there or to help.Aside from all that, if you do know what you are looking for, or just want to browse and not be annoyed by an ever present sales guy, this is a great place.   I buy most of my fishing gear here and will continue to unless prices fail to match online at some point.   I've recently started buying ammo here as well for pistol target shooting since I moved a good distance from the place I went to for years.  I'd also warn the guys in the gun area are not really "people persons" as well.   Again, I know what I'm there for, I go right to it, check the sales, grab my stuff and check out.   I can see where it may not be a good experience for a gun novice though, depending on what sales guy they get.
3	Cabela's is a good store to go and just browse. The animal decor is by far one of the neatest things here. Also getting any fishing/hunting licenses here is a good thing because the people here are more knowledgeable then your typical Walmart Sports department worker.Having said that I rarely buy things from Cabela's that are not on sale. I can go to Target/Kmart and get what I need for much cheaper. If you are looking for something, high end, super specific, or just want to go check out the taxidermy this is the place for you!
4	Cabela's is like the Target of outdoor/recreational gear and apparel. Whether you're into fishing, hunting, camping, boating, rifles, archery, grilling and everything in between, you're destined to find anything you need and more here. As an added, though rather macabre, bonus, this enormous store has a huge wildlife diorama, complete with deer, bears, eagles, snakes, squirrels and any other animal found in Arizona. Fun for all the family, y'all!While I wasn't looking for anything specific when I went to the store, I did purchase some basic camping gear and perused the vast gun collection. Compared to MSRP, Cabela's isn't really competitive though they do have a good selection of sale and special offer items. I'm sure that several of their products can be purchased at a lower price online.
5	I'm giving Cabela's 5 stars on the basis of their attractions alone.  They have several dioramas to see taxidermied animals from near and far (Africa and Arctic regions) as well as some huge aquariums.  I almost felt like I had free admission to a zoo!On top of this, the store is gigantic!  If you need something for the great outdoors, chances are you'll find it here: Camping gear, fishing stuff, guns, bow and arrows, clothing, etc.  The store is clean, very well-stocked, and there are sales associates everywhere.  There is also an eatery upstairs with sandwiches (they even offer elk and boar meat) and a fudge shop.In all, Cabela's is definitely filling their niche well!
4	It's hard to pick 3 or 4 stars for this place.  On the plus side, there's a phenomenal selection of stuff, it's huge and nicely laid out, clean, and well list.  But the prices...sometimes just out of line.  For example we looked at a pistol that was $420 here and $370 at Bass Pro Shops and other gun shops.  The bargain cave is nice, and where you can find some really great deals.  Otherwise when you come here, have fun, but be sure to price shop on your mobile phone before you buy.Their cafe is actually quite good, particularly compared to what I would expect from a store cafe.  They even have wild game dishes available.  The cheese curds are simply excellent.  Prices on the food are reasonable.
4	Product is great.I frequent the store a lot. Salepeople are okay if you get get one to help ya.
5	If you're an outdoor person on any level then you can't beat this place!  And you don't even have to go here to shop for anything.  They pretty much have the museum of natural history in this place with all the animals they have stuffed in the back!
4	I love this place! Good products I can always find what I need. A little bit pricey on the guns but over all the warranties and the return policies are great. I've returned some binoculars that I dropped and no hassles. Make it easy to spend my money there. Like to see more kids clothes.
4	I'm not really an outdoors person but this place is pretty darn huge.  Really big gun selection.  I usually come here and wait for my husband to peruse.  All the camo apparel they sell keeps me entertained.
5	Staff was extreamly knowledgable on guns. Love the museum aspect of the store. Hard to not feel like an american when you walk through this place.
4	This place is pretty good, The company itself has been around for a few years now. This store has been here a few years.The bad thing is they built it right accross the street from the Football Stadium. So on days when there is a game, the traffic is crazy!  From all directions.We made the mistake of going there on a day that there was a game, and now as well they have Tanger shopping outlets next door. Too much traffic, too much in one small area.Anyway, the good things are, it is a huge store with a lot of things for outdoor fun. They have a lot for the kids to see as well. When we went they had free photos with Santa, He is sitting on an ATV, not in a throne or anything. But, it is free and that is always a blessing in these tough times. Santa was located in the Natural Museum, which is also free. Another great thing for the kids. They had free letters to Santa, coloring, and other little craft things for kids.There is an archery and a Riffle field for kids to shoot for fun, just like the old Rawhide as well.Some things are really high priced, but good quaility.They have a little cafeteria type cafe. They sell certain wild animal meats.  Also, a great little candy store with Fudge(about 20 kinds) that they make right there on the premise.This is a place you can spend hours in, and really enjoy yourself.The staff is very helpful, there was a girl named Sterfanie that really went out of her way to find us a good Dog bed.It is an interesting place and it can be very educational as well,I highly recommend it.
5	Excellent service. I was like a kid in a candy store
5	I'm giving them 5 stars based on their entertainment factor. I just took my two-year-old son, and he was entertained for 2.5 hours. Everyone was very helpful. We enjoyed looking at the animals, the aquarium, and playing with all of the shooting games. Lunch at the cafe was very good as well. I live in Phoenix, and it was well worth the 30 minute drive.
1	Ok I followed a friend's advise and started shopping at Cabela's. I have never had a rewards credit card and it made sense to me when he mentioned it. After looking into that a little bit I came to find out that there are a lot of other cards that have a lot better benefits. Now to the actual issue. I called about 2 months ago to check if they had any Mosin Nagants in stock. The guy on the phone told me that they can't hold anything and therefore can't guarantee it'll be here then. Totally understandable. I have a 40 mile drive and would like to know if they physically have one in stock before I drive for 90 minutes round trip. I'll gladly take the chance that somebody might buy it before i get there. The guy told me that they had 4 on hand. I drove down there only to find out that they sold out days ago. Yesterday I called to see if they had a Glock and some dies in stock. The guy that answered to phone told me that they can't give any information about anything being in stock or not. I said I don't wanna drive 40 miles to find out that I came here for nothing. Did not sound feasible and he continued to refuse to check.The good news is that this made me call a few local gun shops nearby and I actually found the gun $50 cheaper. I will visit Cabela's one more time....to redeem my remaining rewards points and to return and cancel my credit card. This place is a customer service category 5 disaster.
4	This is the first hunting goods shop I've been in so I have no basis of comparison. Buy by observation this place looked huge.  I can see that any gun enthusiast or any casual hunter, would love it here.  They have wall to wall guns and ammo.  They had a huge selection of guns safes (+1 for gun safety).  They had a life size diorama of hunted game.  My son kept trying to climb in since he fit between the bars.  They had fishing equipment, hunting equipment, and camping equipment. They even had a laser shot gun range on the second floor. Being the junk food junkie that I am, I do need to mention the stacked junk food display. All I kept thinking is, I need to find a Cabela's or similar near my house, because I am ill-equipped for the days the Zombies rise.
2	I have always shopped here for hunting equipment and am usually very satisfied. However, last year on our hunting trip the zipper broke on my dad's Cabelas Expedition Tent ( around $800 tent) and when he took it back they would do nothing. If it would have been an R.E.I. tent then REI would have either replaced it or refunded the entire price. But Cabelas didn't even care enough to do anything. They basically told him  that he was S.O.L. Then this year the zipper broke on his cabelas backpack. Needless to say we will be shopping REI for our outdoor gear
5	I was looking for a canvas "Cowboy bag", which is a canvas cover that you sleep in with your sleeping bag so it keeps the moisture off you and this was the only store in Phoenix that had it.  So, I made the hour long drive from Scottsdale to this place to pick it up.  It's just like Bass Pro Shops, huge and full of outdoor equipment.When I arrived, I didn't want to mess around with trying to find this thing, so I asked the person at the front to help.  He pointed me to the camping area and described where it was located.  I went to the spot he told me to go and voila, it was exactly where he said it would be.  Who knew these Cowboy bags were that common?  Either that, or he memorized the entire store....LOLThe bag set me back $125, but it's been worth ever penny...when I go camping, I wake up warm and dry.  Thanks Cabela's!Return Factor - 90% (if it wasn't so far away, it would be 100%)
2	Disappointed in this one. I figured what ever Bass Pro Shop had they would have. Wrong. No Penn Reels. I wanted to buy another one. The guy told me to go online and order them. Now that Duck Dynasty is a big hit, we figured we would look for duck calls. Another disappointment. They only had two or three plastic kind, no wood.  The guy there wasn't much help on why they didn't carry more of them. This won't stop me from going to the one in Dundee MI! It is much better.
5	The staff are really great at Cabela's.  They provide some of the best customer service I have ever received and go out of their way to be helpful.  If you need anything for your outdoor lifestyle, this is the place you will find it.
1	Called Cabela's last week before the store opened to see if they had ammo in stock.   I was told by the lady over the phone that because of high demand, they can't tell customers who call in whether or not they have particular sizes or brand names.    So I then make the 40 minute drive to the store.  No ammo, which is fine, I understand the federal government is hoarding it all.  But the fact that they won't even tell you if they have it is bullshit IMO.  I'll be sticking with Bass Pro and local gun shops for my ammo, even if it's a little more expensive.   At least they don't waste my time.
5	Love this place. Cashiers know how to process coupons and gift cards/certificates without issue.  Check out is pretty fast, but the computers they have there seem slow.  I like the displays of animals there.  And the place is so open and the ceilings are way tall so that's cool too.  The employees at counters are very helpful, attentive, and educated for the most part about the items they sell.  While wandering around though, I never get asked if I need help. This has occurred several times and is consistent.I wish they would send me coupons in the US Mail again. They used to send a postcard type coupon every couple of months, but I have not received one in eons.  They are very good because they make me buy when I don't really need to buy anything, which of course is good for business for them. :)All in all, 5 stars.If you check in on some popular check in apps, they have a coupon for the Deli.On another note, I've done numerous ship-to-store purchases online, but they never provide status via email, or notify me when the item arrives. Multiple times I just go in and see if my order is there. Once or twice the order was ready but I was never notified. And sometimes after a 3 month wait, they have no record of my order at the store.  Something's wrong with their process.
3	Service is great when you can find it, but it is not the fault of Cabela's just the enormous demand it can only hope to attempt to support. I purchase a lot of ammo here because it's the only one with my not so common caliber size.
5	Second Happiest Place on Earth, second only to Disneyland!While driving around the stadium the golden sign reading, "Cabela's" caught my eye. Visiting Cabela's is on my bucket list, no joke. I had a blast wandering the isles and keeping myself from buying everything in site (my husband would be so proud) took a strong will I didn't know I hadCamo, check!Live-size stuffed wild animals, check!Duck Dynasty goodies, check!Food court, check!Kids Zone, check!Shooting range, check!Guns, check!Casual clothes, check!Gifts for absolutely everyone you know, check!Coffee, snacks, check!I cannot wait to bring my kids here! This place is awesome and I really wish we had one in San Diego.
2	Try Sportsmans Warehouse (phx) first because of their price and customer service. If they don't have it, try online. As a last resort go to Cabelas to pay a premium price with little to no customer service. BTW, check the prices when you checkout, Cabelas sometimes sneaks a dollar or two into the total. 2 stars because I still go to cabelas to save on Hazmat fees, everything else is Sportsmans or online.
2	What ever happened to customer service. They lost it a long time ago and want to blame the government for their under staffing and being out of merchandise. I have driven 20 miles out of my way, round trip, 4 times now because they can't transfer you to the guns department for a simple question. I wont be back. What a crappy way to treat people! Bass Pro Shop, here I come!
5	Don't eat the food in the cafeteria here but I have got to tell you about the boat repair (marine) department.  Holy cow we have been taking our crappy old unreliable boat to these guys and every single time they have been so fair and reasonable with us.  They also are able to get the repair done ASAP in the summer which is usually not the case at most boat repair shops.  Each time they fixed our boat the cost was always minor but there was ample opportunity to exaggerate the repair (like many other shops do).  Maybe its because Cabela's is so large and profitable they do not need to rip people off in the marine department.  I don't know why most boat places are crooks but if you want a trustworthy place to take your boat....bring it to Cabelas!  Of course they always have great prices on guns, ammo, camping, hunting, fishing, and every outdoor gear you can think of here too.
2	They need to figure out a better way of helping customers at the gun counter. Every time I go it is so busy people are for ever cutting in front of other people.
3	Lots of stuff and fun to explore, but I asked a guy if they had any #10 percussion caps for black powder.  He just shrugged and said "don't think so" and went about putting a sticker on a shooting bench.  He was young and I assume he doesn't care about customer service.  Had a great experience at the gun counter though.  Spoke with a very nice guy named Jon, very nice and knowledgable.  I overheard him talking to a young couple about gun safety and what a good stater gun is.  He was great!
4	Went to check out their "HUGE" Firearms Savings Event. If you consider discounts (on very narrrow categories) of up to 10% "huge", then it might be worth your time. So the pricing gets 3 stars, which is probably generous. Having said that, the selection WAS huge. Not only that, but customer service is fantastic. Specifically, Kyle at the FA counter was very knowledgeable and helpful. I had a lot of questions, and he was very patient  and gave really good explanations. Zach and Caitlin were also very friendly and delivered great service. The overall experience was a solid four stars.Oh, and the cinnamon-glazed pecans: awesome!
2	Used to love this place, but the last four items I bought there had to be returned due to defects, and they sold me rotten frozen anchovies that disintegrated in my hand when we tried to use them fishing and stunk to high heaven so badly I smelled them on my hands for an entire day afterward.  Seems they're resting on faulty laurels lately.  I'm terribly disappointed.
2	I'm not a big fan of cabela's because their prices tend to be pretty high and many of the products they carry are their own brand...so much for variety.  The only things they seem to have a large variety of are fishing poles and guns.
1	I'm seeing a general decline in customer service and was disappointed today to see it invade a business that used to be one of my favorites.The Glendale, AZ store is about 1 hour from my home but I made the trek down there today to try and sell a rifle to the Gun Library and pick up some items I needed.The Gun Librarian was honest with me and told me he wouldn't pay what the gun is worth - his offer was about 75% of what another gun store offered in Scottsdale.I returned the rifle to my car and went in to do my shopping.I think the selection is great, the products are products I wanted but the front-end service is pretty poor.  Here it was 10 days before Christmas and only about 2/3's of the regular cash registers were open and all the secondary registers along the side of the wall were closed.People were moving from line to line attempting to find a line that was moving and it seemed that it would take at least 30 minutes to check-out.  I did speak with two people who appeared to be "supervising" the mess and told them I was giving up because I wasn't going to stand in line that long.  One of them pointed out that register 2 only had 2 people in line and I replied that register 2 was closed and those 2 people were actually people number 11 and 12 from the other register.I really want to like Cabela's.  I like their products, their concept and their selection.  A store that doesn't adequately staff the positions that intersect with the customer display, to me, a certain lack of respect for the customer and the customer's time.  I will choose to spend my money at businesses that are willing to provide a proper level of service.
4	The World's Foremost Outfitter. For Real.The bargain basement is fun for the budget shopper. Tip, negotiation is allowed. Be respectful, but I have had many items marked down an extra fifty percent just by asking!
5	The customer service was out standing. Helped us find everything we needed. The store does need more help at the gun counter.
2	The place is cool but way over priced 20% over average retail, you are way better off just going to REI or Bass Pro Shop. You can get the same or way better gear for a fraction of the cost.
1	I talked to gun salesman about getting a 22 semiautomatic. I first looked at the Ruger SR22.  I explained that I wanted one that I could use snake shot loads in. He pointed me to the Sig Mosquito. I had researched 22 handguns a couple years back and remember some 22's had issues which I asked about. He told me the Mosquito would be a good gun and didn't have those issues so I bought it. The next day I look at the reviews and everything said they had problems with lots of ammo. I'm sure Snake shot will be one of them and of course I can't find CCI mini-mags anywhere which is the recommended ammo. I feel I must have had sucker written on my forehead and he lead me to a gun they have trouble selling. I'll never buy a gun from Cabelas again, or will make darn sure I don't do an impulse buy and research it heavily before hand. Also found it interesting that I didn't get an owners manual or any of the things that Sig says comes standard with their Mosquito's. Only got the gun, magazine and a standard case without a lock. Maybe it's how Sig's come. My Ruger's came in a form fitting case with an owners manual, quick load and lock.
5	This is so much more than a store, it's an experience!I had some errands to run and the munchkin was SO over it, UNTIL she saw we were heading to Cabela's :)Turns out she loves the place! I've been a few times, but I had never had the full tour as provided by my know-it-all-8-year-old-superstar guide ;) Here's the lay of the land; Aquarium- When you walk in, to the right, in the fishing area there is a small aquarium with different kinds of fish. If you get lucky you will see an employee all dressed in their scuba gear cleaning the tanks.... believe it or not, it's very entertaining to watch, lol. My niece and I also really enjoyed looking for sea turtles. Mountain Animals are along the entire back, between the stairs. They might be stuffed, they might be fake, who knows! All I know is that it's a great pic opportunity :DMuseum- back of the store in the far left corner (1st floor) there is a small deer museum that has different kinds of deer and other critters (bear, porcupine, etc). It's informative and interesting. Big Animal Exhibit- front left corner, just past the cash registers. There is a little open room that has an elephant, a gazelle and some others. Very cool! There's a restaurant and game upstairs in the back. Seriously, great place to spend a few hours! :)
1	I went to Cabella's with the intent of buying a Henry Rifle.  The firearms counter had three overworked employees trying to wait on over a dozen customers.  At this same time the firearms checkout area had four employees who at no time had more than two customers checking out.  They seemed most intent on not catching the eye of the folks trying to get waited on at the firearms counter.  This is not the first time I have had slow or no service at the gun section.After about 20 minutes of no one even looking in my direction I left.I have been to Cabella's many times and have always had good service everywhere but at the firearms counter.This is certainly not the fault of the three employees who were busy behind the counter but it is definitely a management problem and an asset allocation problem.
5	First time visitor today. Loved the store. Huge. So much to see. Even games to play. The cafe food was good. The staff absolutely pleasant and so helpful. Hubby and I spent almost 2 hrs at store. Couldn't buy any weaponry since we're not from AZ but found great little gifts oh and some delicious fudge.
1	From hero to ZERO!!! Stopped in Friday night to get geared up for a trout fishing trip with my boys. I spoke with an elderly gentleman in the fly fishing department about setting up my fly rod. He stated that it would be better to bring in my rod so he could see exactly what I need. Told him I was going to head home and get my rod and be right back. When I got back the man that had been working the fly fishing department had gone home for the evening. The fly fishing department was unattended I had to go to customer service to have somebody paged to come help me. 45 minutes later and three pages a manager by the name of James showed up. James is the focus of my review this man has absolutely no customer skills and should be not interacting with customers. He stood there so smug like I was wasting his time I asked him for help he said there was nobody that could help me and I would have to come back when the department was open. I stated but it is open and he just shrugged his shoulders. I explained to him that I had been waiting for about an hour now and I was expecting to have customer service again he just looked at me smugly and shrugged his shoulders offering no resolution to my needs as a customer of Cabela's. I am an avid outdoorsman and have spent a ton of money with this company but now I will go out of my way to go to Sportsmans Warehouse where I was taking care of that night so I can continue on my trip with my boys. This is not my first negative experience with Cabela's, it is just one that has come to a climax to make me write this review. Cabelas James needs to go into customer service training!!!
5	Now let me start by saying I have passed this establishment on MANY occasions over the last 4 years. I am heading to Alaska pretty soon for vacation and I needed to find some gloves and maybe some insulated jeans. I thought of other locations.....looked online but it was my wife that mentioned Cabela's and I was like sure let me go and check them out. Well I have to tell you I was thoroughly impressed by the place.When I walked in I was amazed out how bright and clean the place was and to my shock when I walked a few steps to the right there was an AQUARIUM......that's right an actual AQUARIUM.....how awesome is that. Everything in the store is clearly defined and the Presentation is some of the best I have EVER seen for ANY store. They have 2 completely separate areas to display there boats.....they have a huge clearance area on the second floor......and there is even a cafe up there if your hungry. There is also a great exhibit in there that features a replica of the Arizona Mountain landscape with fake bears.....deer.....and other wildllife. There are plenty of people there to assist you in finding anything you need and I walked out of there with a great deal and a new Credit Card that they make right on Sight.....WOW!!!!! Not sure how much I will use it....but since it provides points as a reward.....it has an extremely low FIXED interest rate.....and NO ANNUAL FEE......well I probably will use it some.....LOL!!!Basically this establishment will become my go to place for some excellent apparel....they have all the items I really like......and I can't wait to next fall because I know they will have some awesome items during the holiday season. Now this is still a store with a dominant focus on hunting....fishing....and outdoor adventure.....but it has something for EVERYONE. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
1	Just spent over an hour and a half attempting to purchase a firearm at Cabala's in Glendale.  As a member of a military family, I wanted to take advantage of the incredible deals they were offering during their Hometown Heroes promotion this weekend.After selecting a weapon, I was putting a package together (ammo, case, etc) and noticed the weapon was on sale.  I asked the employee if the Hometown Heroes discount applied to on sale merchandise.  His response was "Absolutely, everything in the store."  I thought this was a little sketchy, as maybe he didn't realize that I was asking specifically about the firearm that was already on sale.I asked again, clearly.  "This weapon is discounted about %10, the military discount still applies, correct?"  His response was clear, "On everything in the store."Ok, cool.  That's a nice added bonus.  I'll grab a little more ammo then I had planned.  I made my way over to the background check registers, and about 45 minutes later come to find out that the Hometown Heroes discount did in fact NOT apply to the weapon - contrary to another employee's response earlier.  This amounted to about $30.  I honestly didn't care all that much, since I was still receiving a better discount off the weapon then if I had bought it full price.The following then happened:- The cashier at the background check register proceeded to ignore everything I said regarding my interactions with the employee that had sold me on the weapon, and stick to the static response of "The Hometown Heroes discount doesn't apply to on-sale items."- I asked to cancel the sale.  She ignored me and called a manger.- While waiting for the manager, the employee that I was working with when I selected the weapon came into view, and we called him over.  He looked at the slip, turned to the other employee, and said, verbatim, "Oh?  The hometown heroes discount doesn't apply to on-sale firearms?"  Then he turned and repeated the "The Hometown Heroes discount doesn't apply to on-sale items," line to me, as if hearing it for at least the 10th time was going to suddenly deter me.- I confronted the employee, now standing at the background check register, reminding him that I had asked him directly about both sales applying, and that he had responded in the affirmative.  His response?  "I don't know what's going on here."  And walked away.- At this point, after having over an hour and a half of my time wasted, I was done.  This was a $700+ sale, that they were losing over ~$30 (what the hometown heroes discount would've been on the weapon).  - The manager had arrived and witnessed the initial employee admit that he was previously unaware that both sales did not apply to the firearm.  He said nothing.I thanked them for their time, wished them a nice day, and left.  Sometimes, I just don't have the patience for incompetence.  Here's two points of advice, Cabela's.1 - Train your sales people better.  I'm not sure if he was deliberately trying to screw me out of the hometown heroes discount - thinking that I would just accept the item without that discount after I had gone through the background check process (it sure seems like it from his responses) - or if he legitimately made a mistake.  Either way, neither his misinformation nor his reaction when questioned about the sales was appropriate.2 - Train your managers better.There was no reason this should've gone on as long as it did.  The manager literally stood there and let me confront the employee, who made it obvious that he was playing games with me (or has no idea what he's doing).  The manager made no attempt to secure my business, or reconcile the situation.  Had he even offered an apology for the deliberate waste of time they put me through background checking me for a weapon that I was being charged incorrectly for, I would've went ahead with the purchase.  Instead I was allowed to walk out of the store without so much as a word from management.Take the $30 you saved and re-train them both.  Then spend time doing the math regarding how much money you'll lose over time from not only my lack of business (not my first firearm purchase at this location), but the business you'll miss out on from all the negative press this will generate, because I'll be posting it everywhere.Thanks for slapping our Hometown Heroes in the face.
5	The selection for camping equipment is great. Always find new things that I never knew I needed so much. This place is like an amusement park. Always stop in if I'm close by.
5	L-O-V-E this place.  Has absolutely everything you could want.  Quality of clothes is good, lots of guns and ammo and really fun decor.  Both my husband and I love it.  We could (and have) spent hours there.  A special thank you to Laura who was recently very helpful and certainly understood the benefit of quality customer service.  Well done.
1	I frequent this store and have spent thousands over the years.  Service has really gone downhill.  Today, I was there to buy some ammo.  There was one cashier open and eight people in line.  Two buyers put their items down and walked out.  I waited for above five minutes and the line did not move.  I put my ammo down and left the store.  Doubt I'll be back.  I can spend my money elsewhere and not have to wait so long in lines simply because they only have one lane open.
3	Nice store. Needs more clothing for big guys though. This location is a bit out of the way for me but it is a straight shot from where I live so I decided to stop in to see what they have in terms of waterproof jackets. Now I am a big guy, so I was hoping that Cabella's would have something that would fit me. Alas, they did not. There were hardly any jackets over a standard 2X and even in their Carhartt section, there was only one hooded jacket that would fit me. In fact, their Carhartt section left a lot to be desired. Hardly anything there in terms of jackets. I would expect a hiking store to only carry smaller size clothing, but Cabella's? That surprised me. No 3X anything in there that I saw. I would say that I understand why a lot of stores don't carry much "big" stuff, I get it. But I can't be the only person who's dealt with this before. I see plenty of guys bigger than me inside stores like Cabella's but I guess they buy their jackets elsewhere. The gal working that area saw me three times and didn't say a word. That was a little off-putting. but maybe she knew she couldn't help me if she wanted to. I will say that the parking, the store, and the different sections all look very nice. I have no complaints there. I would have loved to give them some business, but was not able to do so.
3	It was my first time to this Cabela's location.  The store has a wide variety of items for anyone that does something outdoors.  Fishing, hunting, camping, boating...... they have what you need.My kids also loved looking at their live fish and stuffed animals.
2	Cabela's is notorious for being out of product.  More times than not, the merchandise I want to order is out of stock, In-Store and online. It is frustrating for customers and has been an ongoing problem for over 2 yrs. I will no longer shop at Cabela's unless or until they are consistent in having enough product for Consumers.
5	I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this store yet... I love this place!I don't hunt or fish, but we do camp and hike and I'm going to be doing more backpacking now that my oldest son is in Boy Scouts. Plus, we have a dog and Cabela's has a great selection of canine supplies.I was actually a fan of Cabela's before they opened this store in Glendale having read their catalogs for years, but this store is amazing. Maybe its not as big as the Bass Pro Shop in Mesa, but its definitely big enough. Plus, the selection is excellent, prices are great, and I've always received excellent service.Today I picked up a new sleeping bag for way cheaper than I expected and in the past I've bought everything from shirts and socks to a popcorn maker. You can get clothing, camping equipment, hunting gear, guns, bows, boats, electronics, etc. And not only do they carry all of the name brands, but the Cabela's branded items are excellent quality as well.Plus they have fun stuff for the kids including a giant fish tank, a mountain with stuffed game animals, a trophy room, and a shooting gallery like you remember at the old fashioned coin galleries. They even have a conference room where groups can hold meetings.And of course, this is Yelp so lets talk about the food. The cafe upstairs serves sandwiches made from all sorts of exotic meats including venison, elk, ostrich, and buffalo. The price is good and the food is great.It's a medical fact that being outside increases health and decreases stress, so if you're ready to get outside get to Cabela's and get the stuff you need!
4	Not Just For Hunters Cabela's has always been fun to go to, even the kids enjoy visiting Cabela's,  and why wouldn't they. Inside Cabela's is a manmade mountain with several stuffed game, and other layouts of stuffed game throughout the store. There is a small cafe and a fudge shop with a great selection of delicious fudge to choose from. You can even sample and flavor you want prior to purchasing Cabela's offers the largest selection of outdoor sports items that I've ever seen under one roof. I can shop for camping gear, clothing, pet supplies, shooting accessories, and winter footwear all in he same place.If your looking for anything related to outdoors Cabela's is  definitely worth a trip
3	I live right next to bass pro but i decided to go to cabelas to check things out. They had a diamond edge bow my wife wanted and online it stated it was 299. I go to the store and it says 319 but i asked the lady helping me and she stated that the sale was no longer that price so i went ahead and purchased the bow. I get home to see that bass pro has the same bow for 299 and so i looked back at cabelas to see that the bow was still on sale...what the hell! I honestly wish i would have just went down the road to bass pro. I know 20$ isnt much but every bit counts. The scenery of all the fish in the aquariums and mounted animals was cool and neat to see a albino catfish. I think though ill stick to bass pro.
