5	Amazing food, and usually it's amazingly crowded to go along with it. Might be better since they opened their new location on Shea Blvd.  The food is really good and cheap, too- it's great to go with a group of friends. Share cheesy bread, pizza and pizzuki (i can't spell it, but its a warm chocolate chip cookie thing with ice cream!)
3	Better pizza can be had at other places, but where else can you get the Pizza Cookie!  (One of my top 10 all-time favorite desserts) Oregano's also has good meal-sized salads.  Parking isn't as bad as people make it sound.  So what if you can't park right in their tiny lot.  There is plenty of parking on the street within walking distance.
4	Oregano's gets my vote for best pizookie ever. Their pizza is great, but the pizookie is what sets this place apart. Eating outside in AZ during the hot weather never sounds like a good idea, but it's tolerable under the misters here. Too bad the wait is so long, but so it goes. If you can't drive down to Chandler for BJ's, this is probably the next best bet.
5	What I love about Oregano's is that it never disappoints. The staff is always friendly, the food is always good, and the wait is long enough that you have time to enjoy a glass of wine (or two) before sitting down to dinner. I've been going to Oregno's for many years now and except for the time my car got towed from in front of the knitting shop, I've never had a bad experience.Don't come to Oregano's if you're looking for nothing but food. Oregano's is all about the experience -- fun and casual, but not exactly a quick bite to eat. Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato Pizza is THE best and the Pasta Basta rocks, too.
5	Good Food, Great Prices... HUGE PORTIONS!!!  you are buying lunch and dinner when you go... and you have to have the cookie skillet!!!
5	One of my favorite pizza places in Scottsdale. The waiters and waitresses are always fun and provide good service. The pizzas are great. I love the salads too. They have the best dessert a baked chocolate chip cookie with ice cream on top and it is to die for!!!! Plus, the atmosphere is fun. You can sit inside or outside.
5	I tried not to like Oregano's that much. It's always so crowded, I thought if I could just make myself not like it then that would be one less crowd to fight through, one less line to wait in, one less cramped bar to stand at shouting drink orders. To no avail. My ladyfriend and I went in this Saturday and it was slammed, predictably. I was starving and they told us the wait was an hour but we knew we might be able to yoink a couple seats at the bar and order from there. And we did: we patiently and methodically stalked some poor geriatric couple and pounced on their seats like velociraptors the second they pushed them back. We got a pair of diet sodas and ordered a salad, which came out quickly, especially considering the crowd. We ordered an excessive amount of pesto pizza because I was ready to gnaw my hand off from hunger and it also came out pretty fast. We didn't need the pizzookie (or Pizza Cookie, as non-BJ's aficionados would call it), but we succumbed to temptation and above average saleswomanship and ordered one. We washed it down with a beer and a glass of wine for the lady and were finished within 45 minutes of sitting down, and the bill was barely thirty dollars. For a meal like that I was amazed. And bordering on paralysis due to excessive food intake (I dabble in competitive eating, but obviously was unprepared on this occasion).
5	This review is just for the bazookie dessert, cookie with ice cream. It was such a whirlwind evening I don't even recall seeing this on the menu before it showed up at our table. As we pulled up into the lot right before they were closing we ordered 2 of these and quickly, illegally parked to devour our dessert. Imagine warm succulent cookie dough, crispy crust on the outside, warm gooey in the middle, and just cold ice cream floating on top. Orgasmic Heaven!!when is this coming to California?!?!Oh, the staff is warm and friendly and treats you like family even when they are about to close.Go!
4	after a long day of laying out by the pool, napping, and drinking - we were on vacation, damn it - oregano's was exactly the kind of place what we were looking for.  casual.  fun.  outdoor seating on a warm evening.  mellow but not dead, crowded but not overwhelming.  perfect.though the food was great - huge, tasty portions - the service just outshone everything.  pierre (the manager?) is super friendly, and mikey, the hostess, is just about the sweetest person ever.  she went out of her way to accomodate us, chatted it up with us, and recommended us some of her favorite places to go out at in scottsdale.  above and beyond service like this just takes the overall dining experience to a whole new level.oh and the baseball player sightings *ahem, barry zito, ahem* don't hurt, either :)
2	I used to think this place was really good, when I went to school in Arizona, but when I moved to San Francisco, I learned what "real" Italian food should taste like.The pluses for this spot are that its a fun hangout and that you get a lot for your money, although I think that the portions are too-large.I liked the mexican salad and I thought that the giant cookie was good, but overall, very average at best.....since AZ isn't exactly the HQ of culinary delights, I'll let it slide, but I think that they could make it more authentic and less Americanized
3	This place was pretty good, if I were a local it would most likely be a staple for me. Unfortunately we went 1.5 hrs before our flight home and somehow they managed to served everyone else but us. We had to get our food to go and rush to the airport, with 10mins to spare and eat our food out of styrofoam containers. I must admit that the meatball was pretty damn good, although I was really hungry and getting hankry at that point anything would have prbly tasted good .. Either way, I liked it.
3	I am not a very big fan or Oregano's. There is always a wait because every location is built small, it upsets my stomach almost every time, the pizza is to thin to fill me up, and although the pazookie is great I can make it at home and not wait forever. This location in particular is always packed so unless you come at an odd time prepare to wait. Also if you want deep dish pizza, and not the cracker thin default, you have to wait an additional half and hour at least. The food is OK but not worth the wait in my book!
4	I discovered Oregano's after moving to Phoenix and having a roommate that worked there. I have to say that I've lived in Europe half my life, had some of the best desserts known to man probably but the pizookie at Oregano's is easily in my top 3. It's one of those desserts that actually gets better and better as you eat it. The half baked cookie and ice cream blend together wonderfully for a culinary delight. I'd recommend just going there for dessert after eating somewhere else or after a movie for example. The only downside and I consider it a somewhat important factor is that the wait can usually be 30-45 minutes. Pizza portions are great though pizza here isn't among my favorites. Definitely recommended for anyone living in the Phoenix area and wants to dine outdoors or who is in the Old Town Scottsdale are if they don't mind waiting. Parking isn't too bad of a deal as you can generally park along some of the galleries just a street away from busy Scottsdale Rd.
4	Not my favorite place for pizza. If someone, somehow, extended an invitation to me to rename this chain, it would be Orgegano's Giant Salad Bistro or Oregano's Amazing Sandwich Bistro or even Oregano's Bellinis and Pizzookies Bistro. Those are what I love about this place. The pizza in my mind is a little weak - I don't like how they cute them in squares and the flavors are too overpowering, like they need to take of one ingredient on each menu item. But everything else is AWESOME - their Italian Gold wings are sooo good and the Oregano's Favorite Salad - its literally the size of your HEAD.
5	I've dined here about 20 times and I'm convinced you can't go wrong with any choice: salad, pizza, sandwich, pasta, etc... Portions are very generous and moderately price (not included the pizza)Wait staff has always been great and the atmosphere is unmatched in the phoenix area.Wine menu is a little weak but you don't go there for the wine.Plan ahead because the wait can be lengthy.  Forget about calling in an order at 5 on a Sunday, it'll be 2 hours minimum.  Chicken Ceasar Pasta Salad togo is my fav, and at 5.89$ you can't beat that!
4	This Oreganos (like any other actually) would get 5 stars if it wasnt for the wait.  The parking sucks (try behind Salty Senorita next door) and the line wraps around thie building usually.  But once inside, service is stellar and the food is delicious.  My favorite is the white pizza, with no red sauce, tomotoes and basil....mmmm.  MUST have the bazookie or whatever its called here--the giant half baked chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream...literally the best dessert on the planet.  Dress is casual, great for entertaining out of town family members.
4	I loved eating here and I would give it 5 stars but the wait was too long. It was only like 4pm and there was a long wait! But I must say the dessert was so good. If you ever had a Pazookie from BJ's this place has it but its 10x better!My husband had the Baked Ziti.. .I wish I had it b/c I kept stealing his food from him :(
4	Look, your family consists of hard-to-please, cranky, cheap, drunken, indecisive, peevs who would just as soon hop on a plane back to Clifton, Iowa than have dinner with you ... but your parents like em, and hell, mom and pop are paying for you to have a little din-din while the entire fam is visiting little ol' you in Phoenix, Arizona.Luckily, Oregano's will help you with your little problem.They've got wine, oh yeah.  And at a great price.They've got an large, open waiting area with comfy seats.They've got a cozy setting hidden just off of a bustling avenue.And they've got the kind of food that can please everyone.  That means everyone from your crotchety grandfather who hasn't dined out since the 60s to your Mountain Dew infused punk of a cousin who likes to urinate on animals.  Here ya go.I really REALLY like their lasagna (though not good for group dining cos it takes 45 mins, yo) and I want to marry their garlic bread.  Sharing pizza is good all around, and the presentation is nice.When you get to the Pizzookie, you know you've done your best to keep familial relations on good terms for at least another year, or until you're dining at the Des Moines Shoney's next Christmas Eve.
3	I think Oregano's is a cute place.Once in awhile if I happen to drive by and there is a parking spot I'll stop in for lunch.I Like their pizza for what it is.....very thin and kinda bite size, cut into squares.Their house salad is good, Love the Raspberry Vinaigrette. LOVE the Italian Gold Wings and They Absolutely have The BEST Pizookie around. Others places may try to imitate but should just really give it up* *cough** B.J.s**cough** I wish it had more room. I wish it had more parking. I hate the wait.I'm giving 3 stars based on the Pizookie, everything else is just mediocre especially if you have to deal with the wait/parking issue.It's definitely worth checking out if you have never been.I loved that one day I stopped by with my dog and even though they don't allow dogs on their patio they did let me bring her if I agreed to keep her in her kennel, Fine by me cause I was not about to leave her in the car!!
3	People complain about the wait, but a half hour, to me, isn't much of a wait.One thing I love about Oregano's is that they will make substitutions.  They have an awesome pasta dish with olives and sun-dried tomatoes.  It comes with feta, but I always have them substitute goat cheese.  Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm yumy!I have no idea what a "Pazookie" is!The outdoor patio in back is cute to eat at, too.  I love going to Oregano's with my whole family
4	Come to Papa!Anyone who has lived in AZ for any length of time has been here....several times. Casual, fun, great food...what else do you need? Go with friends and sit outside (unless its July). Find a parking spot. Put your name on the waiting list. Relax. Enjoy a beer on tap. Relax. Enjoy another beer. Order one of their outstanding creations....and another beer. Go home. Repeat next weekend.
3	Always super packed, I would go before you get really hungry because its always an hour wait then an hour till your food gets there.Its worth it though. There is no hydrogenated oil in the pizza dough, so thats good.The lasagna is good and the pizza is very good.The stuffed pizza is totally disqusting though. They dont make it like a pie,weird right?
5	we usually just go to the bar since theres usually spots open. they do get crowded during peak hours..okay for beer. everythings pricey overall. stuffed pizza is awesome with the right ingrediants.(waffle) fries are top 3 in town.wings cant complain.good service. Shane is adorable!'youre so Shane, i bet you think this review is about you, dont you?'
4	Awesome pizza and good pasta.  And the pizookie is gnarly!  I wish there was one in San Fran.
4	Yum!! YES PLEASE!!!Love the thin crust, and that COOKIE!!  :)When summer is over, it's is so much fun to sit outside and enjoy at any of their locations.!!
4	One of the best deep dish pizzas I've had outside of Chicago.  We did take-out as the place was packed on a Friday night and we were looking at an hour wait to sit.  Girl behind the counter set us up with plates, forks, napkins for our picnic.
1	Can you say Mama Celeste?This restaurant was so unbelieveably bad I had to whip out my notepad and take notes.  To have the word Chicago anywhere near this menu is downright criminal.  Aside from the frozen grocery store pizza-like cheese (a sprinkle here and there), it had enough salt to melt a Chicago winter's thickest ice covered street in seconds.  I went here today, Sept 3rd for a late lunch.  Alright so I'm on vacation in Scottsdale to scout locations for my future home.  I've spent the past 37 years of my life in Chicago eating pizza (thin crust and stuffed) on a weekly basis.  I read about this place all over and so many people (including some deluded dude at the table next to me) kept raving about how "Chicago" this pizza is.  Oh my goodness!!!!!!!!!  If this is Chicago pizza, kill me now!  this was the worst pizza ever!  I should have known when the waiter guy (a chick appeared later) said in response to our stuffed cheese pizza order, "I don't recommend cheese only".  He said, "if you get cheese only its gets pockets that don't cook all the way and explode when you cut it".  Huh?!  He was going on about this detriment when I finally cut him off and explained that I was from Chicago, wanted to compare stuffed pizzas, never heard of this but was scared so I'll go with the thin crust.  My boyfriend looked puzzled but I flat out told him, "Obviously they don't know what they're doing".  Don't cook all the way?  Explode when you cut into it?  What?!  I appreciate his warning but wonder if he was just trying to up sell since more ingredients equals more $.  If that was the case, his strategy backfired as I went for the thin crust which was cheaper altogether.  As it turns out, I must thank him as Oregano's is a restaurant I wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy.  Bad, bad, bad pizza.  It was actually embarrassing!  As I stated earlier, I overheard a neighbor table mentioning how "Chicago" this pizza was.  He wasn't from Chicago but had been there and had pizza from there and thought this Oregano's pizza was so good. Embarrassing!  I wanted to set him straight so badly but I didn't.  If this is what Arizonians (is that a word?) think Chicago pizza tastes like, I must find a home asap and open a REAL Chicago pizza restaurant.  I'm so embarrassed!  Seriously embarrassed!
3	With a couple Germans in tow, the boyfriend and I headed over to a late dinner at Oregano's.  It was a Thursday at about 9pm and we were seated immediately.  The hostess was friendly and our server was prompt with taking drink orders.  The high four tops in the dining room are way too small for four people and while I know they are trying to cram as much seating in there as possible, there really shouldn't be more than two people at those tiny tables.  We ordered drinks and appetizers. I like that they serve Four Peaks beer on tap.  I always appreciate when a restaurant uses local products.   The Italian fries were decent, the calamari....not so much.  I thought it was quite rubbery and too thickly cut.    For an entree, I ordered the Southwestern Shrimp Caesar salad. This is my favorite item at Oregano's.  I know, I know it's a pizza place, but I really love this salad.  The shrimp are always cooked well and they take the tails off which makes it much easier to eat.  I love the cilantro mixed with the salad.  The salad this night didn't disappoint.  The boyfriend ordered a pasta dish with gorgonzola stuffed sausages, which he didn't even touch because he was so full from the appetizers.  But it looked great.  The Germans ordered a pan pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms and green peppers.  The pizza looked great and between the two of them they happily polished it off.  Our server was attentive throughout the meal and was patient during the translation process when we ordered.Oregano's is a place I've been to many times.  My only complaints are table size and the wait that you normally have.  I like the food but they are getting to be a bit chain-ish for me.  For pizza I'd still rather go to Grazie or Grimaldi's, but when some want pizza and some want pasta Oregano's is a decent alternative.
2	Ive never been a fan of this place but some friends were going there and invited us to come with them.. what the hell, right?The service is pretty good here.. very attentive and friendly. Ordered the spinach salad, the dressing was really weird, like a miso dressing with bacon.. didn't work at all. Also ordered a Frisco pizza, thin crust. Well the outer perimeter of the pizza was so dried out that those pieces were just about inedible. Maybe that's how they do it here? I don't remember the pizza's being that dry? The wings were good enough.. plenty of meat and not greasy at all. I wouldn't go come back to Oregano's unless some friends were going and I was invited. You would have been proud of me, I didn't complain at all!!
4	Should have brought 4 more people to help eat the delicious deep dish pizza, garlic bread, pesto penne and pizza cookie than the 4 we had in our group. mmm, delicious! Service was good, food was delicious, and the atmosphere was very casual. This is a great place to relax and have a beer and food on a Friday night..or Saturday, or Monday..Tuesday...
4	The pizza by the slice at lunch is huge. One slice filled me up. The thin crust style is awesome. And the price ($2.49) for a slice is ridiculously cheap. Parking and wait times may be a hassle. Also, the waiter was distracted and sub-par.
5	My boyfriend and I are huge fans of Oregano's, go at least twice a month, and have been to every one in the Valley and the one in Flagstaff.  Clearly, it's my favorite!  First off, the service has always been extremely friendly and welcoming.  The North Scottsdale location has great customer service.  On one visit after waiting 45 minutes for a deep dish we were told it was wrong, and we were given the half that was correct, a new pizza, a drink for each of us, and the offer of dessert.   A second time, again after waiting 45 minutes, our pizza was dropped and we got a drink and our pizza for free.  We are in love with the thin crust, deep dish, and cheesy bread.  Can't say much for any thing else on the menu - we don't order it!  Definitely get a bellini if you're up for a drink - yummy!!  And a pizookie!!Yes, the wait is around 45 minutes every day of the week, but most of the time they will let you put in a deep dish pizza order while you are waiting.   Love it!
5	I'm obsessed with Oregano's. I've had their pizza a bunch of times but on my recent visit I had the Oregano's Favorite Salad which has sundried tomatoes, feta, roasted red peppers, pine nuts and red onions in it. LOVE it.  The Bistro Classic pizza is my favorite -- it's a white pizza with tomatoes, basil, and four cheeses on a super thin crust. YUM. I had to finish my meal off with the much talked about pizza cookie. It was RIDICULOUS. Don't leave without trying it. Trust me.
2	The only thing "Chicago style" at Oregano's is the time it takes to get your pizza once it's been ordered. I called on a Sunday night and was told it would be 90 minutes before I could come pick it up. I arrived right on time, and my pizza & garlic bread were pulled from an under-the-counter heater and handed over. Clearly, I'm starving having had to wait so long until dinner so I'm pretty excited to pull the pizza out of the box and get it on to the plate once I make it back home. Though when I lifted the lid, the excitement fizzled. The pizza did not look fresh, and when I pulled out the first thin crust slice it fell limp and nearly slid itself back into the box. That was worrisome so I carefully transfered a few more squares over, then opened the foil for the garlic bread. More sogginess, and by the looks of the bread it may have been placed under my pizza box inside the pizza-kryptonite heater. Adding insult to injury, the pizza was cool! I actually had to put it in the microwave less than 10 minutes after picking it up. Seriously?!The first bite of both were equally disappointing. It was hard to handle the pizza squares because they were so limp/soggy, and when I folded it in half the topping separated from the crust as if it had been placed there as a late afterthought. Thin crust pizza should be CRISPY! It doesn't qualify as "thin crust" just because the crust is thin! And I've had better garlic bread come with a frozen dinner.Very disappointed. 1 - If my pizza had been ready earlier than they told me to arrive, they should have called me. They took my number when I placed the order. 2 - The phrase "Chicago-Style Pizza" should be regulated like organic and kosher. It's clearly being abused by this establishment. Next time I'll satisfy my craving in the frozen section of the grocer.
4	A good place for a relaxed night out with friends. The pizza is good here and comes in several styles, but do not ignore the rest of the menu. the oregano's fav salad is great, as is the fried ravioli with jalapeno cheese. The entrees are good as well, esp. the chicken lasagna. And, the pizookie (cookie dessert) really is amazing. Who does not love a hot, soft, melty cookie topped with ice cream? The atmosphere is very relaxed, the drinks are pretty cheap, and they do not rush you at all. With the outdoor seating (w/ heaters for the winter), this is a great place to meet friends, enjoy some solid food and relax.
5	The parking situation at this Oreganos is a bit better than their Tempe location, but is still a hassle. luckily, i lived walking distance from everything important in Scottsdale. the wait times are obscenely long as great pizza can't be rushed, but i feel like i can make a better push by calling ahead or coming in just before dinner-time (read: 3 or 4 o'clock). the roommate and i would come here often for a simple ice cream cookie dessert. i highly recommend it!
5	the pizza, the salads (two meals at least), the sandwiches, and the pizza cookie desert.....all this and it's so cheap....for scottsdale anyway. eat there at least 3 times a month and it's so freakin good.
5	What a super great place to eat! We went here after a visit to D.B.G. and we were starving. Luckily, we only had about a 20 minutes wait for a table. This place was packed. We got a great table on the patio. I loved the outdoor patio, plus those huge over head heaters kept us toast warm. Our server Heather was very perky and fun and friendly. We had food envy, checking out other people's tables to check out their food. Everything looked "huge" and yummy! We had the Big Rig Pasta and the Pasta Basta. The Big Rig was super yummy rigatoni covered with the best tomato-chipotle cream sauce. I loved it so much!!! Basta was penne, feta cheese, kalamata olives, pine nuts, and sun-dried tomatoes. These yummy dishes were both less than $9 and enough to eat for a couple days. B. J. really wanted to try the lasagna, but they warn you right on the menu that they take extra time and we couldn't wait! For dessert, we couldn't pass up on trying a pizza cookie. We picked the White Chocolate Macadamia Nut. It was SO good.  Who doesn't like a freshly baked hot, hot cookie topped with ice cream?  Oh, yum! The food here is very delicious and the atmosphere is very fun. I love Oregano's!
4	Five stars for the service, three stars for the food.I've spent about half of my life in Chicago and am very picky about my pizza.  I'm always on the hunt for some good pizza out here.  Despite the good things I've heard about Oregano's pizza from coworkers and friends, their thin crust cheese did nothing for me...Bland.  But the warm, gooey chocolate chip cookie mini-pizza hit the spot!  And was tons of fun to share with friends.I'm giving this Oregano's location 4 stars because we sat on a nice patio area outside and had wonderful service.  Our waitress was very attentive.
3	I was just thinking about the evolution of the pizza place as a hangout.  When you are a kid, you can't wait to go to Chuck E. Cheese for some peperoni pizza and some fun-tivities.  When you get older, you go to a local chain pizza place for a cheap dinner with friends or a cheap date.  When you start making money, you opt for some organic, gluten-free, fair-trade, new-age pizza joint where a 12'' pie will cost you $60.  Oregano's falls somewhere in between #2 and #3.The place itself is tiny, so get ready to wait.  And wait.  And wait a little more.  I am not certain whether you can make reservations over the phone, but I know that you can stop by and tell the host you want a table for six at 8 pm.  That's what we did.  If the weather is nice, you can sit outside in the back section of the Oregano's parking lot.  They rope off a few parking spots, put up some giant umbrellas for shade and ambiance, bring out the best washable red-and-white checkered tablecloths and . . . voila!  You've got yourself an outdoor seating area. While you're waiting for the pizza, why not order their signature drink, the Bellini.  It is not the traditional Italian Bellini, which, I believe, is made with white peach puree and Prosecco.  The Oregano's Bellini could be best described as a slushee with cheap alcohol.  The flavors are unrecognizable, but somehow it works.  It's the kind of a drink that is much more likely to give you a brain freeze and a sugar rush instead of a buzz or a hangover.  We had to wait for our Bellini for a good 20 minutes because the slushee machine was on the fritz.For the six of us, we ordered two extra large (18'') thin crust pizzas, a BBQ Chicken and a Hawaiian pizza.   The pizzas arrived promptly on gigantic aluminum trays . . . just like pizzas should be served in a place like Oregano's.  The pizzas were cut up into small squares, making it ideal for sharing.  Also, eating 20 little squares of pizza eliminates the guilt associated with eating several slices of pizza.  That's a huge bonus.The pizza itself wasn't the best I've ever had, but it wasn't the worst, either.  The crust was crunchy and delicious.  The toppings were just OK, and I was not impressed with the feta/mozzarella cheese combo that topped the BBQ chicken pizza.  A couple of my friends complained that the Hawaiian pizza toppings tasted moldy, but I didn't think so at all.  Of course, I think that pineapples belong in a fruit cocktail, not next to Canadian bacon.  Our waiter looked like a struggling college student who worked at Oregano's part time.  He was nice with just a slight hint of ambivalence.  He tried to make jokes, almost trying to "fit in" with our group.  It was cute in a way, although I did sense a slight hint of desperation and trying-too-hard-ness.Overall, it's a good place to spend time with your friends and relive your high school years, when hanging out at your local pizza parlor was cool.  We left Oregano's very full, even though we left a few little pizza squares on the table.  When I got back to the hotel, I got the urge to get started on my Algebra homework . . .
5	I have two words for you... pizza cookie!  The chocolate chip ($4.99), warm and gooey from the oven with rapidly melting vanilla bean ice cream is to die for.  Oh, yeah, the regular pizza is pretty awesome, too.
1	This is probably the worst Oreganos location for parking.  Back in the 1990's they just had the one small building with a handful of spots, and everyone else was forced onto find a spot outside on one of the busiest streets in Scottsdale (Scottsdale Rd.).  The place always had long lines and a long waitlist, and even a decade ago they knew it was a problem.To remedy the problem, they added on a small shack sized structure that is adjacent to the original building.  Great!  It's as if they didn't get the memo, and decided to add on something provided little relief to the problem they already have.The atmosphere with painted wall murals is probably one of the better locations in Arizona, because the limited parking area is painted as well.  Wait times are on par with the other locations.Decorative menu is the same (Oreganos is an Arizona chain restaurant).  Food quality is the same as the other locations, and bears little resemblance to authentic Chicago pizza and Italian fare.  Service is inconsistent, and usually poor.This place is a snowbird trap, so you're better off to avoid it in the winter months.
2	Not Impressed at ALL!!!  Had to wait nearly 45 minutes when we were told the wait was 20 minutes.  I really didnt enjoy standing in the middle of the parking lot waiting for my table!  When we were finally seated I felt right at home because our table was also in the parking lot! LOL!I planned on ordering the eggplant lasagna - until my friend pointed out it took 45 minutes to cook - no thanks.  I want outta here quick.  Instead I ordered the Lady is a Scampi - I will describe it as strange.  My friend ordered a pasta dish also and a side order of the Giant Meatball.  When the "Giant Meatball" came out it wasnt giant it was all cut up in the sauce - aka meat sauce.  One good thing was the food came out quick so once we were finally seated we were outta there quick.  I wont be back.
5	I get a craving to come here about every other week.  Their food is consistently fantastic, even with their large, diverse menu.  The pizzas are fresh and unusual (Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato ... potatoes?  On PIZZA?  Who would have guessed that would be so fantastic?).  The pasta is full of garlic and flavor.  The wings are crispy and perfect.  The sandwiches are huge and tasty.  I could go on.  I've never had anything there that wasn't terrific!Now, since the food is so good and the atmosphere so fun, and since everyone KNOWS that (due to reviews like the one you're reading now), be prepared to wait.  If you get there around 7:00 any given night, you should be prepared to wait about a half hour.  If you arrive at the same time on a weekend night, your wait could be over an hour.  Parking at the Tempe and Old Town Scottsdale locations is tight (as the Phoenix area tries to grow up and become a real city, this is inevitable, and will be more and more common), but it's better at the Mesa and Gilbert spots.  And since the food is fresh, you naturally have to wait longer for food that takes longer to prepare, such as the wings or the deep dish pizzas.Okay, you've been warned.  Believe me (and I'm one of Earth's least patient people), the wait will be worth it.
5	Who doesn't love a frozen Peach bellini on a hot day???? Pablo picasso salad is a must and all the pizzas are cooked to perfection but beware save room for the PIZOOKIE!!!
4	I've been eating Oregano's for about ten years now and after switching to vegetarian it is still tops on my list.  Their Veggie Wedge is really delicious and there are still many meatless options when dining at Oregano's.  The Pizza Cookie is always on the list of things to eat and we always get it half/half.  In ten years I have never been disappointed by the staff members or the food.  Great people, great fun and always great food.The new Dobson/Southern location is the closest to my home so I have been eating there since it opened.  The location in Tempe and Old Town Scottsdale have been visited in the past. Parking has consistently been an issue when going to Oregano's, but the Mesa location has plenty compared to the other two I have visited.Enjoy!
3	This place is so very nearly a 4/5. The flavor here is very specific and fairly unique. It's definitely good eats. The place is too packed most of the time for my liking, but it's only packed because it's popular - and it's mainly popular because it's good.It's a great place for lunch - as long as you don't have anywhere to be afterward. The primary reason for this not being a 4 start joint is that there are just too many pizza places I'd rather eat at before this one. However, now that I've decided to finally write a review for it, I kinda feel like having it again. It's been awhile. Guess that says something.When the weather is nice - spring and fall - sitting outside on the patio is a good time.
5	so we've been away for a year and just got back. oregano's was the first place we hit, mid-afternoon, so there was noone there. i just can't say how much we love this place. again, portions are huge so you get 2 meals for the price of 1, and again, the cookie for desert is good enough to make you slap your grandma.
3	I have to say the lure of Oregano's is more the ambiance than the food. On a beautiful evening it's a lot of fun to sit outside with a glass of wine and some good friends and enjoy a meal here. We have friends that come in from Chico every year for the Spring training games and it's kind of a tradition to eat dinner one of the nights at Oregano's. When the toddler was born across the street, my husband walked over that night and got himself some lasagna take-out to come eat with me so now it's also a tradition for us to come here on the toddler's birthday (or thereabouts) to have some dinner and reminisce on that day so that's where we're headed tonight with our brand new three-year-old. It's probably me, but none of their pastas really do it for me - I just don't like them heavily sauced and their pizzas are what my husband likes - cracker thin or oily and thick. There's just no in between. I enjoy their salads a lot and the garlic bread and can eat an order of bruschetta on my own. My husband is also a big fan of the roasted garlic chicken lasagna and it seems we always order a pizza cookie for dessert, though we might get one on the house tonight being the toddler's birthday and all. The waiters and waitresses are always friendly and helpful. In fact once I guess our order was taking too long to come out (we hadn't even realized) and the manager came out and apologized and gave us some drinks and dessert for free. Though obviously not a fancy place at all, it's always proven to be a good place to bring out of town guests. The ambiance, food and service make for a unique experience and won't disappoint.
5	Let me break it down. Let. Me. Break. It. Down. Happiness = Oregano's pizza cookie. I'm being totally honest here, this is my favorite dessert in the entire world. There is something about 1/2 lb. of cookie dough baked in a deep dish pizza pan served warm and gooey, then topped with three scoops of vanilla ice cream. Nothing better. I think they recently started offering new flavor cookies (chocolate chip, peanut butter chocolate chip, and white chocolate macadamia nut) PLUS they allow you to do halves of two different kinds. I went twice when I was in town for a week, once for regular dinner date and the other time for my birthday celebration after a nice dinner...as in we left the fancy restaurant and came here just for the dessert. This might explain the few pounds I gained but it was worth every delicious calorie. As for the rest of the food, their pan pizza is really good. We built our own with sausage, green peppers, and sauteed onions. It took about 40 minutes for them to make, but it was no big deal since we were handsomely rewarded with a delicious meal. Our waitress was super nice and came back a few times to check on us and get drink refills. The wait here is always crazy long (around 30-90 minutes) but I say stick it out...or go eat at the bar.
5	This is one of my favorites places to chow down in Arizona. It's an oasis of refreshing Italian food with hearty portions that won't break the bank - although they may break your belt! Most everything on the menu is extremely palatable from the salads to the sandwiches...but they do some mean pasta and pizzas. I'm a huge fan of the Big Rig pasta. And of course, they are known for their melt in your mouth dessert, the pizza cookie (aka pizzookie). Save room for this bad boy, because no Oregano's meal is complete without it.The ambiance is really casual but fun, and the staff is really friendly. My fav location is the one in Tempe. It really is a place with "Menu can trust."
5	again....the freaking pizza cookie. how can you not just fade away into bliss when eating this thing....it it it it is ridiculous!
5	It there anything bad you can say about Oregano's????  I have been enjoying their food since 2001...and I have never eaten anything there that I have not loved.  All of their pizzas, salads, pastas are delicious!!!!  Their bellini is yummy!  And of course, you can't leave without ordering a pazookie!!!!! MMMMM...it's like heaven in your mouth!!!!  Expect to wait and have difficulty finding pakkring at this location...especially during peak  hours......it is still well worth it!!!
2	The first time we tried this place, it was Saturday night and a 90 minute wait.  Declining to wait, we returned on a Wednesday night and sat outside, which was pleasant enough.  We were really looking forward to this based on Yelp reviews, but were all disappointed.   The tomato sauce had a very strong sage/thyme/oregano flavor that overrode the meager toppings.  The cheese was definitively not Italian - cheddar/mozzarella mix with very little flavor.  We also ordered the "Favorite Oregano Salad" which was another disappointment as  the raisins overwhelmed the subtleness of the feta and kalamata  olives.   We will not be back.  Can someone please tell me where to get a good Italian pizza in Scottsdale?
3	I really like the food here.  Nothing really stands out all that much to me so I'm only giving them three stars.  I came here because it's my dad's favorite restaurant in Scottsdale.  It is really tiny and cramped inside so I would recommend outdoor seats.  The atmosphere is great.
4	You may hear the muffled sound of gunfire but do not worry, that is just the adjacent gun shop.This is the original location, the best location food wise and also one of the more difficult ones to park at without prior knowledge of the location.For the past decade I have been meeting m family here for weekday lunches when our schedule permit. The key is to get there either before 11:30 to beat the rush to at 12:30 for when they leave.Our usual meal starts with the Boom Dip, it is a artichoke dip dish but unlike the now popular clone it is artichoke heavy, lighter on the cream and has a nice browned cheese crust on top. It is now served with strips of pizza crust with cheese on it.  I like to eat the dip straight and put chili oil (yes this is a standard table condiment) red pepper and parmagean cheese on the bread.For the main course, we split a Large Thin Pesto Pizza. The crust is thin and crispy. In lieu of tomato sauce there is their great pesto sauce, large tomato slices and mozzarella cheese finish up the package.  It is cut into square, with the four corner triangles being the best pieces.The staff is fun friendly and will to accommodate. The patio has many mechanisms in place to make it bearable on hot dry summer days, inside has high top tables and blast loud swing music.  I also enjoy the penne pesto bake, which is now in a bread bowl, pasta, cheese pesto diced tomato more cheese and a bread bowl. It is worth a try.The Artichoke lasagna is great if you are willing to wait. For lunch, the pasta dishes include a salad and for dinner, they do not. I do not get it but that is the way it is.
4	I've always loved Oregano's....they have a fabulous menu, a great vibe and service seems to always be spot on.  Although parking can be a challenge at this location, if you get there before 11:30 and secure a seat on the patio, it is, overall, a very nice, relaxing dining experience.  I ordered the Vino Bambino Jr. Salad ($6.99) which is "romaine lettuce with corkscrew pasta, black olives, red bell peppers, pinto beans, scallions, parmesan cheese and fresh cilantro topped with wine-marinated chicken, sauteed onions, red bell peppers and sun-dried tomatoes."  I substituted fat-free Roasted Red Pepper Italian dressing for the caesar.  Overall, it was very light and delicious but filling. Although, I really wanted a big, greasy sandwich with sweet potato fries!    My friend had the Jr. Oregano's Favorite Salad (add chicken) which includes romaine lettuce, sun dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, spiced feta cheese, roasted red peppers, red onions, pine nuts and raisins, and she took half of it home.I really want to come back and indulge in some heavier menu items  like the stuffed pizza, pizza cookie etc.  But, that will require that I commit to a serious workout either before or after!
1	I would NOT recommend Oregano's!  There are much better options in town.  On a Sunday night, I went there trying to get a casual bite to eat.  The server told me the wait was 1 hour and 45 minutes.  Are you kidding?  Then they had me sit at the bar table.  The waiter then kicked me out of the table.  Apparently, those tables were reserved.  He instructed me to sit at an empty bar stool.  It seems they were also reserved.  Rather than saying so, an angry mother PUSHED me out of the way.  Is that necessary?  A simple statement that there was a miscommunication would have sufficed.  I really resent being kicked out of the table and being pushed.  The hostess had no other alternative than to drink in another section.  Would I really want to spend any money in this establishment after such an experience?  I will never go back to any Oregano's.   A much better option in Old Town is the Daily Dose, just one block away.  The servers are very nice, the food is tasty, there was no wait and there were GREAT happy hour specials.  Check out the Daily Dose.  It saved my evening.
5	I've been coming to the different Oregano's locations for years now. The food here is delicious! I'd recommend the pizza cookie, angel hair pasta, spinach artichoke dip, etc. The atmosphere and decor give the place a great feel and the old music and black 'n' white 50's movies are awesome. Their specialty drinks are strong, which is good, but might be too sweet for some.I'd recommend this place for groups or a date. Friendly service from the hostess to servers.  Plus they have fun sayings on their shirts, which you can buy, like "Wanna Pizza Me". Think about it.Take note: --The parking lot is small, typical of most Oregano's locations, and be careful where you park around so you are not towed. --They do NOT take reservations, the wait can sometimes be long during lunch and dinner hours. --The only food criticism I have is of their baked sandwiches; the outer bread crust can be very hard making it difficult to eat and bite into.
3	I picked up a couple of pies for a kickback and it was good.  I struggle to find good Pizza and good Chinese in Phoenix but this is pretty good.  We also picked up a Caesar salad which was sub-par.
4	Not much to say here, but if you haven't tried Oregano's yet... stop what you're doing and go now!  They have a huge menu with tons of tasty stuff to choose from.  We almost always split a large whole wheat thin crust pizza and have a couple tall sunshine wheat beers; it's a little greasy and full of calories, but its comfort food at its best.   I have also tried their pastas, veggie sandwich and fried ravioli's too, and was equally as pleased.  The menu is very inexpensive for the portion sizes, and the service is always good.  I would recommend either getting there early or plan on waiting for a while, because it is always packed.
4	I will forever be a fan... the food, the people that work there...the atmosphere...is just gooooooooooooooooooood.My only gripe with this place is parking...not that is difficult, but if you are not familiar with the area...you will have a hard time finding some.  My other only suggestion will be to open a location in Glendale...
4	Oregano's is a great place for affordable, tasty Italian food with a twist.  I started out with garlic cheese bread (3 words I cannot shy away from) - this was huge and insane!  Gooey cheesiness on garlicky buttery bread.  I had to stop myself from eating this with the pizza about to arrive.  Aunt Shirley's Gorgonzola Sausage Pan PIzza - an amazing combination of Chicago sausage crumbles, pepperoncinis, and gorgonzola cheese.  The pan crust was awesome.  I normally stay away from pan/Chicago-style crusts because I find them too buttery tasting, like you don't know if you're eating pizza or a dutch apple pie.  Oregano's pan crust was flaky, savory, and a perfect canvas for the toppings.Service was friendly and on point.  Space inside is a little cramped, but tolerable.I can't wait to try out Oregano's pasta dishes.
4	How can you not love this place. I wish we had one closer to home to supplement my fattening diet. The delicious "Guac-a-Tony" avocado dip, Italian style, served with thin crispy pizza crust was almost enough of a meal for the three of us. We added a deep dish with fresh veggies on top and it was chunky and simply dreamy.I drop off one star for one reason only... no Happy Hour... Guys there are 70 other places to eat within walking distance and you need to at least offer a buck off draft or something. To think you are above the economy is suicidal. People like me SEEK happy hour pricing because we like to feel we're getting the best value.
4	If eating a pizza cookie is wrong, I don't want to be right.Oregano's in Scottsdale is a fantastic, fun place to get some Italian food in a relaxed atmosphere, maybe while catching a ballgame on the TV.There's a pizza pie for everyone regardless of your preference - deep dish, thin crust, original, you name it. Do yourself a favor and get the guacamole. Holy Moly! I could have survived on that alone.The wait stuff are young and fun, and I even did something I never do at a restaurant - I bought a T-shirt. A baseball jersey-style Oregano's shirt that remains one of my favorite tees.Sidle up to the bar if that's your thing, you'll get great service, conversation, and of course, food. or bring a date and enjoy pizza, lasagna, spaghetti, you name it.Parking is sparse and the wait may be a little long (get there early for lunch) but it's well worth it.I just wish there was an Oregano's near me in Michigan.
5	Excellent food, definitely worth the wait at least once.  Usually a long wait for dinner (even during the week).  Amazing thin crust cheese pizza.  Great staff that remembers us even though we live in California.  You MUST try the Original Pizza Cookie!  There are other Oregano's locations throughout AZ, but this is the one we've been to the most.  We go here every time we're in AZ.  Great atmosphere, totally relaxed.  We'd definitely invest in one of these if they came out to California!
5	I grew up in the Chicagoland area. This is by far the closet thing to Chicago style pizza I've had anywhere outside of there. Whether you have the thin crust or the stuffed, you're eating some of the best pizza in the valley. I've dined at several of their locations, and can't say enough about how good it is. And save room for desert. The Pizookie is fantastic. I highly recommend the peanut butter chocolate chip. There is one negative. If you decide to have something other than the pizza, be warned. The sandwich and pasta portions are huge, and make for lousy leftovers. They never seem to reheat well.
4	Love, Love, Love the salads there! The air conditioning isn't very good though, and sitting outside isn't really an option in the summer. Best bet is to wait until the fall to go, or get take-out.
5	For you Midwestern or East Coast pizza connoisseurs that have longed for a truly tasty, thin crust pizza here in Phoenix, this is the place. Being from Milwaukee that boasts two of the greatest thin crust pizza joints in the world (Zaffiro's and Tomaso's - I can say this because I've eaten at the best in Rome as well), I had given up on finding good pizza in the valley. Finally, I tried Oregano's and it was truly a joy. They now even have Sierra Nevada on tap! The pizza has a flawless thin crust, which is crispy throughout, just bubbling up at the edges. The sauce is more than adequate (most places nowadays are dry) and has a nice blend of spices - not overly sweet like many places. Finally, the quality of the cheese is quite good- not like Wisconsin, but I'll give them a pass. And they have REAL, fresh Parmesan cheese, do not pass it up when offered. This is my second experience (first in Scottsdale) and both times it was consistent. I will return often, however, I may decide to drive to the one on Camelback -there's  more room and better ambiance.
2	Ordered 3 thin crust pizzas to go. 1. Chicken Pesto 2. Sausage Mushroom 3. Plain Cheese.I ate a few pieces of the Sausage Mushroom and something didn't seem right, but I couldn't place it.  I thought the Sausage had extra fennel seed which gave it a kind of spicy kick.  Then I tried the plain cheese and it hit me, the spiciness was from an insane amount of Oregano.   Guess this is why they called it Oregano's.  I am a big fan of Oregano, but this was nuts.  The pizza was almost a job to eat.  Not enjoyable at all.   Of the 7 people eating only 1 of us enjoyed the pizza cheese and sausage/mushroom pizzas.The chicken pesto did not have the way over the top oregano flavor so it must have been in the tomato sauce and left out of the pesto sauce.  That pizza wasn't bad, but still average at best.  I have had excellent thin crust from all over the country and based on the tons of reviews here I expected a lot.   This place was a let down for sure.
4	Great spinach and artichoke dip.The pizza is ok not to happy with the crumbled sausage :( I rather have the sausage chunks. They had a great cheap lunch menu that I really enjoyed. $5.00 can't beat it with a salad. The unlimited bowls of pasta looked great too. When I come into Arizona next time I'm going to be sure to come on in and enjoy their lunch specials.
5	Yeah, it's a local chain. BUT, this place is effing amazing.Popped in for dinner last weekend. Waited about 10 minutes for a table (got one outside...where you should be sitting at night). Yeah it was 100 degrees, but who cares. The misters and AC make up for it. It's really not that bad. In fact, it's great!Once you sit down, you'll get a menu. It's larger than the table!! And a lot of the print is small, so if it's dim outside, I suggest bringing a flashlight. Kidding. Use your phone. Hee hee.I ordered the Big Rig. A nice hearty portion of rigatoni with a fantastic tomato sauce that has a hint of chipotle. Two delicious slices of garlic bread. All for under 10 bucks.The service is fantastic. Servers are VERY attentive. I peeked at the pizzas on other tables and they looked fantastic.THIS is your fantastic date spot. It's not pretentious, but it's not weak either. A cozy atmosphere, with great food that you can share. One suggestion: Try the Bollo Pasta. A giant bowl of linguini with a tomato sauce. It tastes like the linguini was born in the sauce (LA Friends...Gardens of Taxco anyone?....) It's all you can eat too. And cheap. 6-7 bucks.I'd come back. I'd also come back after that. I want to try everything on the menu!
2	This is my 2nd time trying Oreganos and I will NOT be back. The 1st time I went there I waited 45 minutes for my food at lunch, IF you have a set time for lunch do NOT go there. Thank god I did not...I was out of there in 1.5 hours. The question I had is how can they flip tables at lunch like that, which I guess it explains why it is always packed. The food portions are big and decent tasting, but nothing I would get excited over. Just because you get alot doesnt mean that makes up for the lack of taste and the 45 minute wait for the food. It took 15 minutes for the waitress to just get to our table and only because, the bartender finally came over, because he could tell we were irritated. The 2nd time I ordered carry-out, because the VP of the company wanted it, I decided I would order it as well. I went to pick up our food (salads) and yet again it was a cluster. I cant have spicy chix and asked for a chx breast plain for the caesar I got and she said sure no problem, I also ordered another salad with cajun chx breast, when I got there I said which one is cajun and which one is plain? The guy said we only make cajun (which is untrue, because last time I had a plain one with the salad) A girl came over and explained it really isnt cajun just has a little italian dressing on it, which is untrue since I decided to get it and its hot for me.. I cant have spicy food right now and I just wasted money on something I cant eat:( I would rate this place a 1 but because the food is ok, I will rate it a two. I will however never go back... Really sucks, cause its a trendy spot in Scottsdale and I live close to Old Town. Seems like a fun place, wish I just would have had better experiences like some of the other yelpers!And the other posts are right the parking is HORRIBLE.. I actually got a spot this time and someone pulled in and parked right behind me and i couldnt get out. I beeped my horn like why is this guy parking in the street and behind all the cars, but nobody seemed to care. I finally pulled in and out 5 times and squeezed out, if I had my cadillac and not the work car, that would NOT have happened.
3	I have no idea why my family is so obsessed with this place. Maybe I'm an unfair judge because I have a deep hatred for pizza. They do have a few pasta dishes that I enjoy and they do taste good but not good enough to outweigh the cons of this restaurant. I can deal with a long wait if the food tastes great and the atmosphere is nice. While the food does pass...the atmosphere just ugh...It's SO crowded. There's like four tables inside. However they have ample OUTSIDE seating. Um...Do they not realize this is Arizona? There are only about two months out of the year where outside seating is a comfortable choice. Also, the parking is horrible. You're lucky to get a spot in their tiny lot.Since they're always so crowded the service is really slow too. It sucks because their food is pretty tasty. Oh well.
4	The pizza here is good, but my favorite thing they have on the menu is the meatball sandwich with the waffle fries.This place is totally a local legend and most of the things I have had here were good. Great spot for a group especially when its not too hot and you want to sit outside. The service is pretty good and one thing I have always appreciated is that when waiting to be seated they give you complimentary fountain drinks,...maybe that isn't common but they did it for me a few times.
5	Two items that I LOVE, Pizza Cookie and Pablo Picasso Salad.  Otherwise don't bother going.  Yes its crowed, yes the parking is a pain, yes the food is amazing.  If a place is crowed there is a good reason for it!  The food is good, and people like the ambiance.  They have tons of outside seating which in Arizona is like 8 months out of the year a good choice.  If you don't want to wait 30-60 minutes don't go after 5PM on a Friday or Saturday otherwise what did you expect?  This place gets crowded even for lunch so try and go at odd hours really early before or right at 11AM for lunch, no later than 5:30PM for Dinner.  I take all out of visitors to Oreganos because I love it so.PS if you try and park in their parking lot you are idiot and you deserve the hassle it causes what do you expect with 4 spots?  Seriously?   Park on the side streets people!
4	Future Scottsdale trips will include Oregano's. Visiting my niece, she and a friend took us for dinner before bowling. I do not remember what all we had besides pizza and the slammin cookie dessert, but we had a great time sitting outside enjoying each other's company. I was so hooked. that I bought two of their t-shirts as well. Great customer service and it did not take forever. Maybe because it was it was a weeknight? Either way, we were all highly satisfied.
4	A trip to Scottsdale isn't complete without an Oregano's night!Amazing thin crust pizza, awesome lasagna, tasty salads.Very cool patio with a Little Italy feel.Service can be slow and the wait staff tends to be on the flaky side, but you don't realize it because you are enjoying a glass of wine and the company of your friends.Try the Guaca Tony appetizer.  Guacamole + pizza crust chips = AMAZERFUL!!!
4	If good food makes you happy, this is your happy place. And for the calorie counters, this might not be for you unless you want to throw the diet out the window for the night. There's a reason out of towners know Oregano's by name and make a visit during their vacation and there's a reason for the half an hour wait no matter what time of day or year. It's because Oregano's is glorious and an inner fat kid's paradise. Where to begin. The atmosphere is fun. It's lively, the staff is always friendly and they make it a point to be cheesy, Italian and enthusiastic all in one visit. Classic movies play on the tv screens and tunes play over the radio. If (or when) there's a wait, staff walks around with sample pizzas to munch on and get that appetite rolling. The food ... oh the food. Be prepared to walk in and immediately start drooling with hunger regardless of when your last meal occurred. You should also be prepared to roll (not walk) out and be so full and satisfied only a nap will suffice. Menu Musts - Starters - The garlic cheese bread - Salad - Pablo Picasso - Pasta - Zany Ziti or Pesto Baked - Lunchtime - Heck of a slice - Pizza - Anything goes...depends on your mood. I prefer the thin to the thick pizza choice, but if you're really hungry go for the thick...or just eat more of thin.- Dessert - A pizza cookie of course. They also offer peanut butter chocolate and you can do half and half. Sandwiches - Turkey Stuffed I think I just gained five pounds writing this review, but I don't regret a word I wrote.
1	It seems like I must not have gone to the restaurant all the other reviewers experienced.  We went to Oregano's in Scottsdale for an office lunch.  There were about 10 of us.  BIG mistake.We ordered.   We talked.  We drank our sodas.  We waited.  We talked. We drank more sodas.  But mostly, we waited.... and waited... and waited.  After an hour and a half and NO FOOD, half of our party left while the others continued to.... yep, you guessed it... wait.Was the food good?  I didn't like it.  But then again, when it arrived at my office desk in a carry out box two hours after I ordered it, perhaps I just wasn't in the mood anymore.One Star.  Sorry, but they earned it.
4	Sampled their pizza, and soup. Great food, great prices, and exceptional service! Parking is difficult due to its limited and unique corner space. The restaurant has two separate indoor seating areas, and outdoor seating. Heaters are available for outdoor seating. Full bar available. Will visit again!
4	Oregano's always results in overeating.  This used to be my thing and I sometimes find myself falling off the wagon.  Oregano's certainly helps.Everything here is big: the menu, the portions, the wait for a table.  The actual restaurant itself is rather small and split across two structures with a meager parking lot in the middle.  The Phoenix location has a more sensical layout, but is just as crazy busy.  We also call it Gaytalian, whereas the Scottsdale location is just Italian.My one recommendation is to not get an appetizer.  The garlic bread is massive and gooey, the guacatoni is guacalicious and the fried ravioli are just the right abuse of a deep fryer.  However, if you do get a starter you will never get to dessert still able to consume food.  Remember those big portions?  The meal will do you in and you will miss the best part of Oregano's - The Pizookie.  It's a cookie that's not fully baked and topped with ice cream.  You should try all three flavors: Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate, and White Chocolate.Oh, yea.  The main food.  The lasangas are stellar, specifically the artichoke one.  The salads are the weak spot, but the meatball sub had four bulldozer-sized soft meatballs.  I usually go for the deep dish pizza stuffed with unending amounts of cheese, but the flat pizzas have more variety and work well to share.  That's the big thing here.  Share or risk massive waist expansion.And if you care to drink, you need to have a bellini.  It's a frozen drink of wonder and has schnapps, rum, wine, and champagne.  It's like the whole bar in one glass.  It's important to recognize that going to Oregano's is an event and will take time.  However, with the friendly servers, the constant access to beverages, and the cool Chicago Italian decorations, you won't mind the time.
5	I don't live in Arizona but I have been there several times while traveling for work.  I ALWAYS make sure to stop here for either lunch or dinner every time.The food is good, the price is very reasonable, and we normally get good service.  The main reason is the quality of the food.  From Pizza's to sandwiches this place has never disappointed.
4	The bruschetta is tasty and a great starter.The Oregano's Salad (hold the olives) is just bomb. Order the small and it's enough for 3 adults.We ordered the BBQ chicken pizza (added pineapple) and it was tasty. The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh, and it's not greasy.The servers are upbeat, fast, and knowledgeable.The menu is kind of huge and you can skip over things easily, but do NOT miss the warm cookie pie for dessert.PS - if you are cold and sitting outside, ask for a blanket...they've got them!
2	Paper-thin crust if you like that then this is the place for you.  I paid $16 for a 18 inch pie that was average.
4	They have geat Chicago style pizza! I had cheesy bread as an appetizer, the frisco pizza, and shared a pizookie for dessert. The service was great and the food was even better, they also give huge servings.
5	LOVE OREGANOS! Not only is the food exceptional but I have not ONCE had terrible service here. And I frequented here a lot let me tell you. I miss it dearly now that I have moved back to Cali, but when I was at ASU I was a customer at least 2-3 times a month. Its a wonder I didnt gain 200 lbs. Cause it is delicious but I never said it was healthy....Every time I am in town I go to Oreganos once sometimes twice in the 2-4 day visits. Have to its mandatory!I request you franchise out to California....pretty pretty please!! :-)
5	There's a reason Oregano's has an hour wait on a regular Monday night:  awesomeness.  Luckily, it's almost never as long of wait as they say, and you can always relax and enjoy a beer or cocktail while you wait.  Our last visit was a party of 4, and we only waited long enough to have a single round before being seated (which is not long!).Oreganos is just a fantastic overall value, and I've always had great service and food.  They've done whatever it takes to achieve the magic formula of restaurant success, and maintained this over a number of years.  Parking can be a bit interesting for this location, and if you don't want to wait I recommend arriving outside the 5 - 8pm dinner rush.  The only other advice I have is the cookie Pizza is worth saving some room for!
4	Very positive experience here.  Went for lunch this past Sunday.  Place was busy, but handled it well. We asked for first available and were able to get seated immediately at the bar.  Bartender acted as our waiter.  He was quick and efficient, clearly a seasoned hand at juggling the bar drink needs and those of us who were also dining.Ordered the thin crust Aunt Margherita pizza.  We got the smallest pizza size and it was perfect for the two of us.  Ingredients were fresh, crust was cooked perfectly.   Facilities were fine, place was clean, plenty of seating option, staff knew what they were doing.  Price was reasonable, about $22 for the two of us.  No complaints at all.  Several locals have told me this is their favorite pizza place and their only complaint is that sometimes it gets super busy - so there can be a wait.  Bottom line - Rock solid good pizza.  I'd definitely go there again.  Worth a visit.
3	Here's the problem:  on the drive to Oregano's, the driver said this was "the best pizza in the universe" and he should know because he "used to be a chef."  Emphasis on the "used to be."  The first clue why I should've discounted his opinion: he now was driving a shuttle.  It's all beginning to make sense.This place is small...very small.  The bar was ear-piercingly loud with most of the patrons screaming to be heard over the other patrons.  The variety of beer on tap, the good appetizers, the young lady offering free samples of cheese pizza and...the outdoor seating area, made the long wait for a table--albeit on a friday night--tolerable.  Both the bomb spinach-artichoke dip and the portabella mushrooms were very good.  Pass on the bruschetta.  It was mediocre at best.When we were seated, we quickly placed our order and salads arrived to the tables soon thereafter.  If you're ordering pizza, you understand there will be a wait before your pizza is ready.  The wait wasn't long, but it's what we expected for the three pizzas we ordered.  The pizzas were good, but not the best "in the universe" as had been described.  If you like thin crust pizza, you'll probably love this place.  The everything pizza with a thin crust was good.  The cheeseburger pizza with the pickles, hamburger and lettuce was just odd.  I did not enjoy it.  The chicago-style deep dish with sausage and pepperoni was good--but it was not anywhere near the caliber of a Giordano's or a Chicago Fire Pizza (Folsom, CA).When in Scottsdale, I may return, but it will not be at this Oregano's primarily because of the small size.  And my expectations will be a little lower; so, maybe I'll change the rating on my next visit.  Stay tuned.
5	THE best Italian food EVER!!!!!!!!! ordered ravioli for starters. it had a kick of jalapeno spice to it. but baked perfectly. since the lasagna and pizza are made to order it took about 30 mins to get the food but it is sooooo worth the wait. also had a peach Bellini and apparently they have a 2 drink limit on it due to the lack of alcohol taste but extremely potent I got the Italian Flag lasagna, and I barely put a dent in it. The portions are huge. It was stuffed with sausage, meatballs and spinach with mozzarella & ricotta cheeses . My coworker ordered a thin crust pizza and my other coworker ordered a diablo pasta dish which is on their secret menu and consists of .... i couldn't even tell u. but a lil kick of spice and fettuccine pasta. yummmy. they also sell the shirts that their waiter and waitresses wear. they've got pretty funny kick lines like "nice dish" or "legalize marinara" We didn't have room left for their pizza cookie.. but that's like having BJ's pazookie.
4	From the friendly staff to the euphoric aroma that overwhelms you as you walk through the doors, Oreganos is a place where you immediately feel at home.  We started off with some toasted ravioli with marinara sauce. It had a little kick to it and was tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary. Then we moved on to the Italian wedding soup and antipasta salad. The soup was delicious and came with a small piece of yummy cheese bread. The salad was extraordinarily good with a ton of cured meats and artichokes. My father in law who is not a salad fan, loved it too!  Their buffalo wings are big and juicy, but not dripping with sauce (just the way I like it). We ordered the medium spice which had a nice and tang with a little heat that creeps up on us after we devoured our first piece.  We then had their midnight pasta and substituted fettuccine in place of their corkscrew pasta and chose shrimp as our protein. The dish came with a ton of delicious gigantic pieces of shrimp and the portion of the pasta could easily feed 4 people with all the salad and apps we got. Their thin crust pizza was delicious and crispy even in the center.  Needless to say, we had left overs and had no room for dessert. I will definitely be back here on our next trip to Scottsdale.
1	I ordered a 12" Numero One-o stuffed pizza for take out last Saturday night and was quoted a 50 minute pickup time. I arrived 60 minutes later, but my pizza was not done yet. There was really no good place to wait for pick ups, the register area was cramped and all the outside seating was already taken up by customers waiting on tables. I propped myself up against the hand rail outside, patiently waiting while watching the cooks prepare pizzas through the window. 15 minute later, a gentleman pops out and give me a pizza box and I'm happily off... or so i thought. I should have noticed the box i got was a bit too light for what should be a big and hefty stuffed pizza. Prying open the box after a quick run back home, i find a thin crust pizza instead. I do a double take on the receipt and it does indeed say "Numero One-O 12" Pizza Spec One-O".Long wait, over-charged, wrong item. No thank you Oregano's, pick-up orders beware.
5	Oregano's might be the place for you if (1) you enjoy waiting for a table, (2) you need a bucket of Coke while you wait for a table, (3) you want to consummate your bromance with you bff, (4) you like drinking a bucket of coke with your meal, or (5) you need a bucket of coke to go.  If you are a kid, you might like Oregano's if you like to play with your food.  Instead of a toy, kids get some dough upon request.  They'll even bake it for you.  The wait staff is overly friendly.  I once received a high five for my order selection.  Unfortunately, I was a little confused about receiving a high five for placing my order and left the waitress hanging for a few seconds.  If you can't tell, I really like this place, and it is a stand by in the lunch rotation when we leave for lunch by 11:15 AM.  If it is 11:30 AM, forget about it.
5	ok so I've been here a go-zillian times. This review is just a formality. This place is great. The food is consistently good. Extremely affordable with the portion sizes. In fact, I usually end up taking half of my meal home with me for lunch the next day! I have loved everything I've eaten here: the salads, the pizza, the veggie wedgie (which I repeatedly order when I should be trying something new), the artichoke lasagna, and the pizza cookie! There are few things worth blowing the calories for......this is one of them! Can I also mention how the service is so friendly every single time you go?! These people are great, and they make you keep wanting to come back.  We eat here frequently and every out-of-town guest gets a trip to Oreganos. So far no one has been disappointed. Thanks guys!!
4	When this existed it was... my favorite valley location of Oregano's.***Now, I say just go to Flagstaff. Hee. It's a good excuse to get out of town.*** If it's a loooong wait, and you don't mind a little ambient noise go ahead and sit in the bar. You can usually sashay right in, grab a spot and be happily full in a fraction of the time it would take to get through the full restaurant experience.However, if you have the time the patio is worth waiting for, and the little house full of tables is cozily warm and full of divine smells. I recommend trying the big ol' ravioli with the Big Rig sauce (a variation on the menu version). It comes with a slice of garlic bread as big as your head and you'll probably be able to eat leftovers for breakfast!***The big ol' ravioli has been REMOVED FROM THE OREGANO'S MENU - which means if you love stuffed cheesy pasta Oregano's is no longer the place for you(us)!***
5	Great pizza deal for lunch.  Huge portions and the pizza was fantastic!
5	Oregano's rocks! This location is the best by far. Cool atmosphere and awesome staff! I've never had anything from their menu that I haven't liked and every time I go the staff recommends something new for me that is always right on. Had the shrimp diablo pasta last time out, it was great, but very spicy! I usually get a sub, meatball or sausage. All the pizza is fantastic, and their wings are probably the best in PHX (being from Buffalo myself I should know!) What can I say Oregano's, I love you!
4	Local's joint that is a "find" for tourists.  Stick with the pizza (the menu is broader but don't waste your time) and a cold beverage and you won't be disappointed.Parking is somewhat limited (try in back), but if you're walking around downtown that's not an issue.  Act like you've been there when you see the celebrities (the local sports stars are there often).
4	I have been going to Oreganos for such a long time I cannot remember the first time I went.  We got the Lawrences original pizza, the italian gold wings and the PIZZA COOKIE!!!!! YUM!!!!  After that first visit I was hooked!  The problem is that the restaurant is very small...the set up is cool but they need more space...and that is in anyone that I have gone to...the wait is always super long, but that is because the food is awesome!  My suggestions are: The Boom Dip-spinach dip and Bistro Sweet Po's (sweet potato fries)Salads:  Pablo Picasso Mexico Salad and Oreganos Favorite-YUM!!Wings: Italian Gold (be careful if you have acrylic or gel nails it will dye them yellow so be careful) get them with ranch!!Pizzas:  BBQ Chicken, Frisco (my favorite with the tomato cream sauce!!) Lawrence original (I like to add chicken to it) and the El Picasso pizza!  The stuffed pizza is awesome too with pepperoni!!!  Pasta: Pesto Penne Bake (with meatballs or italian sausage) to die for!! The Zany Ziti with the meat added is great!  Dessert:  THE MOST AMAZING DESSERT EVER!!! the PIZZA COOKIE-i love all flavors but the chocolate chip is the best with vanilla ice cream!  You can eat this for a man by itself!  Drinks:  I love their Gibbilini Bellini!  YUM YUM YUM!!!!
4	Never had the pizza here, which is supposedly but they're known for, but I've had their alfredo. If you order the alfredo, you need to add the shredded chicken, it is amazing! Without the chicken, I think the alfredo would be your regular run of the mill alfredo. The chicken makes the dish a thousand times better and is so yummy! Their pizza cookie is the dessert to order. The negative is that they do not have frozen drinks. They have one frozen bellini but that is it as far as blended drinks go.
2	I went in there on the 4th with 5 other friends and had quite possibly the worst service Ive ever had there. There was a 20 minute wait so we went to the bar to wait and have a drink and an appetizer, our table came up around 15 minutes later and we asked the batender to transfer our bill ( I left him a tip on the bar) he said he couldnt transfer alcohol. What? Ive worked and still work in the industry for 20 years and have never heard of such a rule. He was probably afraid that he wouldnt get tipped.  We were hoping to be out in time for fireworks so right when we sat down my friend tells Heather, our server, that he'll have the lasagne due to the fact that he knows it takes 45 minutes. She put in the order and when she came back, we were all ready to order. 2 people ordered a salad , 1 guy got a pasta dish and the other 2 of us decided on pizza. We were told the stuffed takes an hour so we opted for the thin crust. She says "do you guys want things as they come up"? We said "No, we want to have dinner together" (Thats why we all went there TOGETHER, duh). She says she'll "time it out best she can". So, after 45 minutes pass, he gets his lasagne and nobody elses food comes up. So, we wait and wait. 20 minutes more pass and we havent seen our server, a manager, or our food. (Lasagne got cold, by the way). He gets up and goes to ask the manager where our food and/or server are and hes told " you got your food and you guys have drinks, so your good, right?" An hour and 40 minutes after we sat down, we all had food ready and asked to have it boxed so we could try to catch fireworks. (Which we missed because Heather isnt very good at "timing it out". She also obviously lacks communication because if she wouldve just came to our table and told us what happened which is obvious, she tried to time it right for us but forgot to put in the rest of the order and didnt realize it til the lasagne came up, we wouldve been fine. She avoided our table instead and the jackass of a manager didnt even try  to help the situation. He was completely unprofessional and said something to her in front of us. What a jerk! 4 out of the 6 people at that table are industry people and have been there and made the same mistake. We totally wouldve understood but the way this was handled was horrible. To boot, as we left, they said in unison..very snidely I might add... "Enjoy the rest of your 4th"....just awful business altogether!
5	Didn't try the pizza but the pasta was delicious. I got the plate-sized ravioli, yummm! The pizza cookie dessert was one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life. Makes me wish I lived in Arizona.
5	Great food and value!
5	I am amazed by this little place. We had the deep dish cheese chicago pizza and a Rosemary potato pizzia. As u can see we ate it all and loved it. I am sitting here @ oregnos writing this, loving the atmosphere and spot on service. Can't wait to try the pizza cookie!
5	I've indulged in a number of pizzerias...this is as good as it gets!!! Every year I'm in Phoenix its a MUST that I hit them up. Can't go wrong with pizza, wings & a good drink!!
4	One of my collegue have been raving about Oregano's Pizza and since I I'm in town, I wanted to check it out myself.  Can we say yum!!  Living in NYC for a while, I've became somewhat of a picky pizza eater, but Oregenos has nice spice and you can actually pick up the pizza and fold it.  The slices are HUGE, especially the lunch special, which by the way is only 2.99.  The greek favorite salad is a nice addition to the slice pizza.  It has a little bit of sweetness and pine nuts in the salad gives it a nice crunch.  Server Brian was surburb!!  Spent a good 10 minute walking us through the choices.  Gotta also love their t-shirts, "Legalize Marinera."
2	After living here for 25 years, I finally got around to trying Oregano's. After so much build up, it was honestly a huge let down. I admit, I didn't order any pizza, so if that's what you should go there for, I'll have to make another visit.But I've heard good things about their food in general and I was completely unimpressed. I ordered the beefstro salad with a "LARGE" amount of shaved rib-eye. There was nothing of the sort. Yeah, there was meat, but let's not go overboard by saying a LARGE amount in all caps. It was mediocre at best. Plus, my boyfriend's meatball sandwich came out literally 10 minutes before my food. He was almost done when I got my meal. That's a huge no-no at a restaurant. I was extremely annoyed. His meatball sandwich was nothing special. Seems no restaurant makes legit meatballs, just some canned bullshit that tastes generic. To top it all off, when my boyfriend was offered sweet potato fries or waffle fries, the server failed to tell him it was a $1 more for sweet potato fries. I guess it's on the menu, but if you're going to make it sound like it's an equivalent choice of sides, how should we know? You have to make that clear when offering. Duh.The server was friendly and the overall atmosphere seemed nice, but that was a fairly lame experience. I doubt I'll even go back to give the pizza a try, too many delicious pizza places around to waste my time.
2	i really don't care for the deep dish pizza here.it's smothered in sauce and doesn't appear to have quality cheese.i'll have to try the pastas next time!
4	Always consistently good.  This is a favorite of my boyfriend and I and while he always gets the penne pesto bake, I like to change it up and try something different each time.  Haven't been disappointed yet.  This is one of the only places we get dessert from and it is sinfully delicious, the baked cookie (gooey, chocolatey, soft yuminess), which is covered with vanilla ice cream.  I leave Oregano's with a full, happy belly every time.
5	top 5 best places for bisto.  the meatball grinder and the think crust pizza is about the best anywhere
3	Went here with my carpool buddy after work last Thursday. We realized that we were driving into the haboob so we decided to pull over and duck into the nearest place we could find. I was in great despair at where we found ourselves since I had just started a new low-carb diet and also wasn't drinking. But I ended up having a great meal anyway. We sat in the bar since all the tables in the restaurant area were full. But this worked out great since the bar has a big window overlooking Scottsdale Road so we were able to monitor the storm's progress. The place was packed but had a good, lively vibe since all the servers were very friendly and seemed to be having a good time in spite of being at work. I was all set to order one of the sandwiches without bread but the bartender suggested ordering just a side of some meatballs and sauce. This is considered an add-on to the pasta dishes and so it was only $3.99. Such a great deal for a really yummy dinner! My companion got some kind of chicken sandwich and a glass of wine which she really enjoyed. The sand which came with sweet potato fries and she said that she didn't care for them but I managed to stay strong and not sample any so I can't really comment on how good they are. Overall, a pleasurable evening, in spite of the storm and the place being very crowded. PS: An added perk that made the visit even more enjoyable (well, at least for my friend who is a reality TV junkie) is that one of the servers was Alex from Real World Denver.
4	Weekly lunches here for years w/ friend(s). Big portions. Pablo Picasso is a favorite. Good sandwiches, meatball is had every so often. Good for a slice and small salad too!. Pizzookie is must have once in a while. Sharing recommended. Jaime and crew are very accomadating. Al fresco dining  when weather permits.
4	Should be in the Top 5 restaurants in ScottsdaleAWESOME pizza. Seriously. Maybe Chicago's pizza is a bit better but this is hard to beat. They make it fresh and they make it good. The beer flows and food is delicious. This is the perfect place to take your co-workers for Happy Hour or a first date for a fun night out.
4	My husband's co-worker told us we had to go to Oregano's on our recent trip to Scottsdale. We were in luck when we found out there was one just a few miles from our hotel. It was 117 degrees outside, so the seat inside was very welcome, until we had gotten used to it, and then the 82 degrees the thermostat was set at wasn't so awesome anymore.Portions are ginormous and the food was really tasty. Highly recommend the cheesy garlic bread and my husband loved the Dirty Monkey (cocktail)! Next time we're in Scottsdale, I know we'll be sure to eat there at least once!
4	great salads but bring your appetite - these portions are hefty! friendly staff and very attentive ..always had a drink refill ready!  I will be a repeat customer1
4	Oregano's is a "pizza bistro" with several locations around Arizona.The food at Oregano's is above average in both taste and size. They have some great appetizers such as the "Toasted Ravioli Espaniol", which is fried raviolis that are filled with jalapeno cheese with jalapeno cheese with marinara sauce. The sandwiches are also very good and very big. My favorite is the Big Beef Sandwich, which is made up of a half pound of rib eye beef, peppers, onions, cheese, and a special spicy sauce.Oregano's Pizza is outstanding. You can choose either thin crust, pan, or stuffed and any combination from a very extensive list of toppings. Some of the unique options include salami, hatch green chiles, scallions, fajita chicken, sundried tomatoes, alfredo sauce, and cajun chicken.Oregano's also has a pretty good selection of beers, a decent wine list, and limited hard liquor options.The pizza cookie for dessert is something of a legend around Phoenix. Save some room for dessert as you don't want to skip this amazing dish.The above average food and large portions gives Oregano's an above average rating of four stars.
3	Excellent pizza, though they screwed up the order. The manager came and apologized and the made a corrected pizza. Only, it took about 40 minutes and they charged for it.  Rather tacky!Notes:Don't go here in a hurry, or with any other plansRepeat your order several timesThe wait for a table will be longer than committed
4	LOVE this place.  Tasty, great staff.  Parking was a pain but it was worth it!  So much food you couldn't finish your meal even if you wanted to.
4	Pros:Cookie skillet!Pablo Picasso saladPizzaMeatball sub (ask for extra sauce- they never put on enough)Top 5 wings of all time!Cons:Parking is non existantLimited inside seatingWait during busy hoursService quality varies
4	Walking in, I felt very welcomed.  My friend and I came in for lunch and the service was very fast and staff was friendly.  Pizza was excellent, crust was just right!
5	Fantastic. Nothing else to say!
5	Best pizza in scottsdale and has a great theme
5	Amazing! All food is A+Don't go there to watch a game as there is no TV
4	The place has a fantastic atmosphere and the waiters are very engaging each time I go. The food is good although the pizza can get a bit salty by the time you are done. Just try, you will know what I mean after you eat it. I would definitely recommend the pizza pies and boom dip. Delicious!
5	Two items that I LOVE, Pizza Cookie and Pablo Picasso Salad.  Otherwise don't bother going.  Yes its crowed, yes the parking is a pain, yes the food is amazing.  If a place is crowed there is a good reason for it!  The food is good, and people like the ambiance.  They have tons of outside seating which in Arizona is like 8 months out of the year a good choice.  If you don't want to wait 30-60 minutes don't go after 5PM on a Friday or Saturday otherwise what did you expect?  This place gets crowded even for lunch so try and go at odd hours really early before or right at 11AM for lunch, no later than 5:30PM for Dinner.  I take all out of visitors to Oreganos because I love it so.PS if you try and park in their parking lot you are idiot and you deserve the hassle it causes what do you expect with 4 spots?  Seriously?   Park on the side streets people!
4	If you're in the mood for a great italian meal and maybe a glass of wine or two, you cannot go wrong with Oregano's. Be prepared to wait for a table (it's a great restaurant!) but once you're inside, you'll be pleasantly surprised.I've been to this location several times. Small and with limited parking (in the back), it can be a little crowded. But the atmosphere is wonderful! Fairly quiet but with a great energy, the vibe here is unlike any other.The food is absolutely on point. I most recently ordered a pizza and we were not able to finish it between two people.If you're in downtown Scottsdale and need to grab a bite to eat, don't pass up Oregano's. A bit on the upscale side, it's well worth a visit!
4	Two words: cookie pizza...  That's all you need to know.
5	My friends and I went here on our last day in Arizona, and we ended up staying for about 3 hours! Sitting outside under the stars waiting for our pizza was amazing. The pizza took a little while to cook, but we ordered caesar salad and quite a few beers while we waited! The deep dish pizza is ridiculously good, but my favorite part of the meal was the cookie pizza! I ate so much food that I needed to unbutton my pants afterward, but it was so worth it! Great food, and an overall fabulous time. This is a place that everyone should try!
4	It's hard to believe that the Phoenix area can be home to such good pizza. Even though it is a small chain, Oregano's can proudly lay claim to being one of the best pizza joints in the Valley of the Sun. I try to stop there when I am in the area.The restaurant is a fun place with kitschy decorations and a loud atmosphere. Think Bucca di Beppo, but with good food and more outdoor seating.The thin crust pizza comes cut in squares instead of slices, but the thin crust, decadent cheese and tangy sauce makes the extra mess worth it. They offer Chicago Style pan and stuffed pizzas as well.I prefer sitting at the bar for quicker service and access to flowing brews out of the tap.
4	While visiting Scottsdale, we had to stop and try out the Chicago style pizza place.  YUM!  Got us a nice deep dish and tasted like many back home.  Fun 'little italy' atmosphere, nice courtyard though it was a little chilly for us to sit outside when we were there.  We had a bigger group that included kids so we were sat in a little side building on the other side of the courtyard from the main restaurant.  It was still cute, but definitely secluded-a little weird.  Our server, Irene, was very friendly, always on top of things and made our experience great.  Will definitely be back on the next trip!
5	i love this place and eat there every time I'm in the area.  Pizza, pasta, appetizers all fantastic.  Plan to spend some time waiting for a table.  We always have fun just eating at the bar.  Yumm
5	I was in Scottsdale for 6 days and had Oregano's for dinner two of them.  That said, I really loved this joint!  A friend has been going to Spring Training for a few years now and always comes home raving about Oregano's.  So when my husband and I were in Arizona last week, we had to give it a try.  Here are my recommendations:Alfredo in the Dark ----- sooo good!Cheesy garlic breadBaked ZitiBaked Pesto with meatballs --- really awesome and I am not a huge meatball fan either. Everyone was stealing them from me.Deep Dish pizzaStuffed MushroomsThe outdoor seating was great, but as I understand they are moving in a few weeks.  I am sure the next building will be even better.  I really want to remake Alfredo in the Dark at home.  I don't think I can wait until next year.
4	I have been here a few times and every time the food is excellent. My girlfriends and I usually get a salad and pizza to share and it is plenty of food.  The thin crust on the pizza is amazing.  The last time we went we got the Pazookie for dessert and it was A-MAZ-ING.  I almost gave this a 5 star review based on the cookie alone.
4	Good pizza and great service. You may have to wait but it is worth it
3	I was contacted by a GM and apologized for the order problems. It was really nice. I wanted to give it another go, so I recently tried it. Unfortunately the service was pretty much the same. I feel like they are just too busy to accommodate everyone. My girlfriend LOVES Oregano's and swears by it. She loves the cookie dessert and pastas. She says you have to go early or its always like that. They go super early or late. I just dont have the patience for it. I do appreciate the GM's offer to come back. That is why they get 3 stars for good customer service.  The parking lot had the same problem, I did find a spot on the street this time, which was easier. I will be back, because of the GM's attitude and really went out of their way. I would give it a try for new yelp readers, stick to pasta and garlic bread (what they are known for and I tried this past time). You can seriously share a dinner, its giant and tastes good.
5	I love this place. Whenever we are in Scottsdale it is on our must stop list. The best thing about the place is the great staff. They are all young folks that are friendly and efficient. Whoever does the staff training should get a raise!A great place to meet friends for pizza and beer. They just do it right!
4	My friends and I came here for dinner after watching a during spring training game between the Reds and the Giants.  The moment  I saw this place, I had a feeling that this place was going to be good.  This place was busy and while waiting, we were directed to the bar area.  Watching other patrons eating their pizza made me salivate; however, there is one problem for me: Lent.  I sacrificed red meat-beef, pork, lamb, etc.  I'm hungry now just thinking about their delicious pizza. I just have to experience vicariously through my friends.My friends ordered a large thin crust pizza and the raved it so much and they were rubbing it in my face.  They said the crust is fabulous! They liked folding it over to eat "new york style."   I ordered the chicken lasagne and it was awesome.  My only problem that it gets cold fast.  I also loved the garlic cheesy bread.  My wife and I shared a large salad , which was plentiful. I would have preferred trying the other salads. The staff was pleasant and friendly . The outdoor dining area is great, especially during the evening under the Arizona sky. We will DEFINITELY be back here on our next trip to Scottsdale! I can't wait!!!
5	love, love,love it!  and my kids love it.  friendly, great service and the food is outstanding.  Having lived in Chicago, i can tell you it is a very good resemblence to Chicago style pizza.  the thin crust is also amazing.    2 must haves: bruchetta for appetizer and the warm cookie for dessert!
4	Lots of character, with oldies playing over head...-Ordered Bristo Classic Pizza-Stuffed MushroomsService was quick n food came out fairly quick.The stuffed mushrooms were amazing, bursting with flavor and oozing (yes, I said oozing) with cheese.The Pizza was well balanced and the toppings were extremely fresh.  The crust was fine, but nothing super.  Yes, it was better than CPK pizza, but still not the best that I've had (in OC or Phx).  But perhaps that was the down fall.Comparing to other greats ... puts this place at a disadvantage. But if I'm used to only CPK, then I'd be very impressed.Don't get me wrong, this place has lots going for it and the overall experience was fun and super laid back yet with service that was awesome.  But compared to other pizza places eaten less than 24 hrs ago ... I'd say it isn't worth the long drive if you're coming from South of the 60.
5	I  tried Oregano's for the first time recently and was amazed by the quality of food and portion sizes that they give! I got the bruschetta and the Originals Salad in the junior size + Chicken and was absolutely stuffed! The food is so delicious it made it as the first entry on my food blog! I have been in AZ twice in the last month and made sure to go back for the second time. http://foodie4ever.tumblr.com/
3	This place is good when you are dining in, but don't place order's to go...tried it twice and the food just doesn't come out as good. I dined in and had the Alfredo The Dark with chicken and it tasted amazing. When I placed the same order to go, the first time they forgot the chicken, and the second time the pasta was really dry. Overall tasty just not consistent with their food.
4	Yay! I'm a fan.
5	STUFFED mushrooms were incredible!!!  Huge portabellas with all the toppings of a pizza and more.  Drinks were strong and tasty.  The place is too cute, it's too bad they are moving locations.  :(
5	Now this is a restaurant that you want to tell everybody about! Problem is, so does everyone else who comes here! It's packed, so either get in early or just expect to be awhile, which considering, it's a great way to spend some time with friends! Food is phenomal. The deep dish Chicago style pizza is good as it get, west of the mississippi! And, one the most impressive things about Oregano's is their service! Staff is well trained and looks out for the smallest detail to make your evening enjoyable, very refreshing!
5	Awesome pizza in a pleasantly great  atmosphere  Short and Sweet! By far some of the best pizza I have ever had in my many travels across the United States!  Definitely WORTH a trip and a MUST to the scottsdale az
5	Love it! Great pizza! Amazing wings!
3	We had a bit of difficulty finding the new location.  The food was outstanding - we had the antipasto salad and a thin crust sausage and mushroom pizza.  (sausage was spicy!  Love it!)  However, the music was so incredibly LOUD that it was painful!  We had to ask 4 times to have it turned down and it wasn't until we told the waiter that his tip depended on lowering the volume that it was turned down.  We were sitting in a booth and had to scream to hear each other!  Awful, awful, awful!!!!  If you just want to go eat and have your ears bleed and have NO conversation, go for it.  Food was great atmosphere, not so much.
4	By far the best restaurant meatballs and Italian sausage I have ever eaten.  My girlfriend and I ate, or should I say gorged ourselves, here for lunch.  The pizza was also very good and was even better the next day cold.  Service was a bit slow and they kept for getting things or else I would have given this place 5 stars their delicious food deserves.
5	Just dined at Oregano's in their new location. All I can say is awesome! I had the chicken lasagna and my date had the shrimp pasta, both outstanding entrees. Don't miss the Italian gold wings for appetizer. The servers and bartenders all so friendly and do everything they can to make your experience awesome. Can't wait to go back again!
2	When I went to this establishment, my husband and I ordered two different things, the baked ziti and a pepperoni stuffed crust pizza.  The ziti was excellent and that is the reason I gave this place 2 stars.  The pizza was definitely not what I was expecting.  The entire pizza was stuffed with cheese and a few pepperonis, it wasn't just the crust.  The crust was more of a deep dish style crust and was too crunchy and hard for my liking.  I will most likely stick with the thin crust as the reviews on it are way better.
1	If you like pizza that taste like it has a cardboard crust than this is the place for you
4	I recently checked out Oregano's at it's new location. I am so thrilled that this new space is much more spacious that the previous location. I came here for Lunch during the week and as always there was a slight wait. The wait wasn't that long, but as you wait they offer you free samples of pizza. As you walk through the Restaurant, pretty much every employee greets you. It doesn't seem cheezy either. It made my feel happy to  be greeted so nicely. Needless to say, the staff was fantastic and service was prompt and efficient. If you order a fountain type beverage, you get what looks like a 32 oz cup. I seriously needed two hands to drink from it and never needed a refill. For eats, we ordered the large dinner Salad and the BBQ Chicken Pizza on Whole Wheat Thin Crust.The Salad- pretty basic but adequate.The Pizza- Was disappointed in the whole wheat crust. I know it's hard to get right and they haven't got there quite yet.  The crust was too crispy and sometimes burnt in places. Besides that, the Pizza was still enjoyable. It had the right portions of everything. Look forward to returning again.
3	I love the pizza but there is always atleast a 45min wait for a table. But I have learned that you can pre-order your pizza so it will be ready close to the time you get seated. But their salads and deep dish is really good.
5	Seriously, how could anyone rate this less than four stars? Perhaps you didn't have the pan style pizza. It's amazingly awesome! I think it's better than Lou Malnati's in Chicago or that other place I went to. I'll admit, the thin crust is lacking. But, the pan is the bomb. There is no better place in the valley for pan pizza, period!
3	really? 45 mins for a pizza - its good and I went back but can't they figure this out better? - the antipasta has taken a turn for the smaller - 2 of us finished it before the pizza came and we ate all our pizza. Service was good - but I always expect it to be faster.
2	Finally got over to the new location, and wow, lots of parking!  I thought the inside would be bigger, but apparently the kitchen is much bigger than the old location., 6 ovens instead of 3.  So why the 45 min wait??  I love Oreganos, so I decided to try the deep dish.   Very thick crust, burnt on the bottom, maybe it doesn't need to bake 45 minutes, maybe just 30 or 35??  We ordered 4 toppings, very, very scarce, disappointing.  I will stick to the thin, always very good in the past.  Hopefully they are working the kinks out of the new restaurant.I went for lunch, no wait, and the staff was very friendly and very attentive.  Bottled beer was warm.  Music inside was very loud, it was hard to hear the person across the table.I'll wait for the weather to get nicer and give it another try.  I live in old town and visited the old location frequently, and besides the parking it was always good.Let's hope it gets better!
3	Another case of "I just don't get it."  Also, another case of there isn't a 2.5, so it's not really a 3 nor is it a 2.I've been to at least three different locations...not bad, just not worth the wait or the hype.For a multitude of reasons I can't always have tomato sauce on my pizza so I'm limited "white" or pesto pizza.  They don't have a white pizza, so I'm left with pesto.  In short, the pesto is too salty.As for everything else I've had (salads, sandwiches)...ok.  However, and heres the thing I don't get...what's up with the waffle fries?  Waaaayyyy too heavy.  How about just fries?So in summary, not bad, just not great.  And here's they key if there's a wait (like any time after 5:45) It's just not worth it.  Why wait for 30+ minutes to have slightly better than middle of the road food?  Again, maybe I just don't get it.
4	This was a 3 for service (or maybe a 2?), and 5 for food.  We met a few friends here for dinner, and the pizza was really, really good.  However, the cookie + ice cream concoction for dessert????   Holy moly.Yeah.  Yes.  More.  Again.
4	My wife and I had dinner at Oregano's  Monday July 9, 2012.  This was at their new relocation on scottsdale road.  The server and bartender you could just tell they are well trained in providing good customer service... we appreciated it ! and let our server and bartender know we did.  We ate the 14 pc chix wings spicy hot they where not spicy hot just a level below spicy hot we enjoyed them, also had the guacamatony the quac was good  fresh chunky tasty... the very thin pizza crust served with it is well... as always very very salty ! we have eaten this appetizer before same recipe very very salty crust ... heck we just washed it down with a few beers no problem then we split a ribeye salad very good nice fat free serrano pepper dressing good consistent tasting food at this establishment.  We will be back once a month we dine there.
5	So I gave Oreganos another chance, and I'm glad I did.  It was a busy Saturday nite, we had about a 15 minute wait at the bar.  The service and food were outstanding!  This time we had the chicken pesto and and a salad, both were very tasty!This was my 2nd time to the new location, and it seems like they worked out all the kinks,  we'll be back soon!!
5	Love it! Great pizza! Amazing wings!
4	I really like this place.  The food is really good, the wine is really well priced, the beer list is interesting enough for beer lovers or novices and the patio is great for dining with children.  I like the new location as parking is MUCH easier and one doesn't feel so claustrophobic when you dining inside the restaurant.   I have never had a bad meal here nor have I ever had crappy service.  The dough balls and cookie desert are great touches for the kiddos as well.  They are doing something right...
4	I really enjoy coming here! They have great lunch time specials, but try their vino bambino salad (ITS AMAZING). Their pizzas are really good too! For Dessert make sure to have their pizookie!
4	omg.  the best garlic bread and salad i have ever had.  this place is a valley icon.  i reccommend it.
3	I do believe this is their new location. I went on a Sunday evening to enjoy a good pasta dinner with a friend of mine. Our friend is a waiter there so we got to see him in action. I was appreciative of the swamp misters they had on full blast because it was VERy hot that night, but I slipp and went sailing on the concrete from the patio and our waiter wiped off the puddles from our table multiple times. There were only 2 out of 4 seats that were dry enough to sit in at our table BUT we did request the patio so we sucked it up. I love the atmosphere at this place. Granted I wasn't a fan of the misters, I loved the music and the overhead lighting and the vintage TV in the corner playing old B and W movies. That's pretty cool. I just wish their pasta menu was a bit more of a variety. I was craving some white pasta but my only choice was the basic alfredo... hmph.I got the Zany Ziti and it was still so delicious. Came in its own bread bowl and i couldn't finish the whole thing. That's how big it was. I still recommend this place especially over something as basic as an Olive Garden or something. I've heard the pizza is THE item to get off the menu. But if you're searching for that super authentic Italian taste may want to try a pasta house.Always ask for Cylee! He is an outstanding waiter, very personable, and genuinely wants you to enjoy yourselves.
4	Very good but pricey if you want to order your own pizza.  Food is great, very noisy inside.
5	One of the best pizza places ever! Even their pasta is delicious! Alfredo of the dark! If you order deep dish make sure you are not in a rush or super hungry because it takes awhile but is worth the wait!
5	hhad another great experience tonight.  waited in the bar for my to go order.  Jenna was the bartender and she wowed me with her service and friendly smile.  atmosphere is fantastic, food is amazing...fyi be prepared to wait up to 45 min. for pan pizza.  i was in no hurry, but if you are, call ahead.
2	Since posting my review, someone from Oregano's offered to send me a gift card as restitution. Though I received an empty envelope (it appears that the gift cards fell out in transit), the follow up was welcome in my book and earns them an extra star.That said, I've been extra careful about checking my order before heading out. Numero One-o always hits the spot.
5	I'm here at least once a week for their bolo pasta
5	Was brought here by my friend who lived in Scottsdale for 5 years before leaving for Chicago. Two years later he still craved the Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato pizza. Not sure how I felt about potato on my pizza, I went along for the ride. Holy Holy Holy! I eat plenty of amazing pizza in Chicago, but I am now in love with one more.  And in Scottsdale of all places. We went for lunch so we avoided the crowds and were so pleased. The other thin crust pizza we had was equally as delicious and so were the salads.
1	Let  me preface this review with "I wanted Oregano's to be better".However. Its common knowledge that there are excessive waits here at Oregano's and I assumed that is due to the high quality pizza coming from the kitchen. Well, unless you have a few hours to burn you are not going to find out.I sat at the bar as I arrived solo and the bartender was friendly and quick. As I looked at the menu and asked for suggestions she alerted me that most items were about an hour wait or sometimes 45 minutes. That being said the only thing you can get in under 30 minutes is their famous "pizza on a cracker" dish. They suggest ordering your food while you sit outside waiting for you table. "That's how the regulars do it". Apparently this is due to the great pizza shortage in Arizona.Its not cheap and there is nothing I can see that makes it unique other than they expect you to wait an hour for a 10" pizza. They augment their hard to read menu by NOT offering Calzone or Stromboli. And as an added plus there is not a TV in the joint with any sports whatsoever. (All the TV's show some type of 1940's movie reel) This was a Sunday night during the NFL season when the World Series was also being played but I enjoyed the black and white silent movie instead........How nostalgic! Well that is if nostalgic means sucks. And if that was not enough 6 minutes after I ordered a simple pepperoni biscuit I asked about appetizers realizing I would not see the biscuit for 28 minutes.I ordered BOOM chips and BOOM they never arrived. I promptly cancelled the boom when the pizza arrived. Less boom more pffftt.Oregano's reminds me of Bucco de Beppo but for pizza......And without the positives that Bucco has, whatever those are???With all this nonsense I just found myself wanting to bail quickly and even left 3/4 of a beer behind. (Amazing) But the manager did inquire why I did not want to take the remainder of the grease biscuit with me and seemed genuinely concerned. The bartender was also very nice.The kitchen and time to plate are the Achilles heel. Please don't tell me this is the best Arizona can do for pizza. Lord there has got to be a Grimaldi's or Bambini's around here somewhere.
3	Good portions, fun place on a wide variety of food. Good people watching.
3	Food is fine, service sucks. So.. 3 stars it is. Everyone says the pizza is sooo amazing, but it's so not. There are much better places in the valley for really great pizza. The food isn't awful or anything, but it is pretty forgettable.
5	I am going to review this restaurant by posting a letter I sent to Oregano's management.  I have never had a more positive dining experience than I have tonight ANYWHERE.  The server was truly amazing.  I have been to this Oregano's many times as well as others and have always enjoyed it, but this time, they went above and beyond.  I encourage all Yelpers to try this pizza joint.  Their pasta and salads are also great.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------To Whom It May Concern,I just felt it important to take the time to write regarding an amazingly positive dining experience my husband and I had this evening at the restaurant near Scottsdale & Shea.We came into the restaurant a little bit after 9:30pm knowing you'd be closing at 10:00pm.  I was concerned we may be upsetting the staff for coming in so late when they were probably looking forward to leaving for the evening, preparing to clean up, etc.Nothing could have been further from the truth.  Our server, Scott, was phenomenal.  You are lucky to have him.  He was so welcoming, attentive, and made sure everything was perfect regarding our visit.  I should mention, we are no stranger to Oregano's.  We have been coming there for years and visited nearly every location in the valley at one time or another.  I have also celebrated many a birthday there.I just wanted to say that the service from Scott tonight was the best service I think I've ever had at ANY Oregano's or any other restaurant for that matter.  You are lucky to have him on your staff.  It is my hope that you will not lose him one day to Mastro's or something.  Amazing service made our ordinary night extraordinary & when I finish here, I am going to write a terrific review on YELP.  Keep up the great work you do . . . oh yeah . . . & give Scott a bonus or something, would ya???  ;-)  With Sincere Appreciation,Kate S.
4	Awesome new location.  I love the new Oregano's.  The food was great and our server was okay.  We celebrated a birthday and it is a great place for birthday parties.  I'll be back, I'm sure.
5	I have only one question...why isn't there an Oreganos in my city? Great atmosphere, great service and incredible food. Bucca schmucca. We eat here every time we are in the area. I dont have a negative!
4	We just had supper there, ordered the deep dish pizza and it was incredible! Our server was very attentive and informative, would definitely go there again.
5	OMG! The door service was amazing! Jenna was terrific! I showed up 15 minutes early to secure our party for 10. She was more then acomidating. She listened and understood my situation, as I had some elderly guests. I would go again just because of her! On top of that, the food was great and inexpensive as well. Our server Briah was attentive and cheerful. All the food came from the kitchen hot and timely.Thank you, Oregano's for a great experience!!!
1	I had the worst experience at this oreganos. Selma, the hostess, was one of the rudest people I have ever encountered at a restaurant.  When we arrived at oreganos, we were told that it was a 2 hour wait on a Saturday night.  Her attitude made us not consider waiting for our table and move on to a restaurant that appreciates their customers.  Selma, thanks for nothing!
4	This was a great place! 10 of us showed up to have a quick lunch and the hostesses/waitresses were more than happy to accomdate us all. We ate out on the patio and enjoyed the sunshine. The orders were a little bit slow coming out, even though half of us just had a salad. The food was very, very good. I had the jr. caesar salad with chicken, and it was BIG- but not half as big as the FULL orders some people got- those have to be the biggest salads I have ever seen. Wow! I didn't hear any complaints from my group. The waitress did a good job dealing with such a large party.
5	In love with Oreganos. Like...in love. Here's a little tip though...figure out what kind of pizza you want BEFORE you arrive so that you can order it when you sit down. Their pizzas can take anywhere from 25-40 minutes to cook, so you don't want to be starving yourself, smelling all the Oreganos goodness, feeling tortured with every table that gets their delicious smelling pizza before you. Trust me.Also, save room for pizookie. It's a skillet baked cookie that's just every so slightly underdone so that it's soft and gooey...and then they top it with ice cream. Can you say heaven in a skillet?? Try a half macadamia nut and half chocolate chip so you get the best of both worlds.
5	Great food, huge portions, very well priced. The wait can be really long but just don't go at those times expecting to sit down right away and you will enjoy it. Staff has always been friendly and nice. Same thing at the one in Flagstaff.
2	We started with the Oreganos Salad -  usual vegi's etc - nothing special - it was definitely not chilled enough. The drinks were good (should be for $7) Then we ordered a Margherita pizza. We were looking forward to a great thin crust pizza- but after hearing the ravs of this place, I have to say I was very disappointed. First of all, it was almost cold. It must have sat there at least 5-10 min out of the oven before they brought it.  The flavor was quite bland.  I can tell you at least 10 different places in the valley with tastier pizza than this. In fact, Paul Newman's FROZEN Margerita pizza is better than this - it is better tasting, crust,  toppings, and you don't have to sit on hard  wood chairs for 45 minutes waiting for it. Ok so we wanted some dessert -so how about some cheesecake?  They don't have any - first Italian place I have ever been in that doesn't have cheesecake.  So we get the cookie- wait another 25 minutes. Nothing special... So after 2.5 hours including the wait for the table - and $65 - wow- I can say this was a total disappointment.  Maybe it was just an off night???  Not sure, but I probably will not return.  Go to Grimaldi's, Pestos, or Floridinos in Chandler - all have better food, service,  atmoshphere,  and value.
5	Awesome food. Awesome service. Great Price. Scottsdale treasure!
4	During a recent visit to the Old Scottsdale area I was hit with my usual pizza craving. This is always a good thing, one of my favorite pizza joints, Gimaldi's, is located just down the street from my hotel. Only this time I decided to give someone else's pizza a shot. I had seen Oregano's a number of times but had never stopped in. That was until now; I made a left instead of a right and hit Oregano's. It was a bit chilly but chose to sit outside since there were patio heaters. The outdoor seating area was quite nice, but a little close to the road making it a bit noisy. Looking at the menu I saw Oregano's offered numerous dishes, they all look very tasty. They also offer thick crust Chicago style pizza, in addition thin crust is also offered.  That's good because I'm a thin crust guy. Since this was my first visit I ordered thin crust cheese, in my view the basic cheese pizza is the true test for any pizzeria. After a short wait my pizza arrived. It looked very good, very thin crust but over dressed with cheese. Interestingly while it was the traditional round pie, it was cut into squares verse the usual wedges. However the real test is how it tastes. It was very good, better than most pizzerias. That said it wasn't perfect. It was over dressed with cheese, which in turn made it just a bit greasy. Still make no mistake, this is very good pizza, maybe even bordering on excellent. Yet there is on huge problem. Oregano's is located only about a mile from Gimaldi's. In my view Gimaldi's doesn't serve very good or even excellent pizza, they serve extraordinary pizza. Prices are virtually identical. For me it's a no brainer if in the area, its Gimaldi's for pizza. Maybe the only way I would choose Oregano's over Gimaldi's would be if I wanted something other than pizza. Oregano's also seems a bit more on the casual fun side.At Oregano's you'll find a very good pie, just keep in mind if pizza is what you crave it isn't the best. The best lies only lies about a mile away.
5	Every time I'm in Scottsdale, I have to stop in to Oregano's. Whenever I come in the service is wicked good! (Yes, I'm from the northeast!) Sometimes it can be difficult to get a seat, but usually I spend that time figuring out what I am going to try, or after talking with the hostess for a few minuets it usually never takes long to get a seat as they are very accommodating.  The pizza is pretty good, tho there are also a ton of different options on the menu that are never less than amazing. Portions are always plentiful and almost too much sometimes. Not like that is a bad thing...I would certainly suggest to anyone looking for a good bite in the area to stop in. I am so impressed with my numerous stops in that I even bought my fiancee one of their "Legalize Marinara" t-shirts!
1	I had eaten at the old Scottsdale location of Oreganos many times. In order to have a larger building the old town location moved a while back. I gave the new building a few chances. I just can't continue to go there. The place is now such a cave. You can tell they did as little as possible to get the place open. But that's not what really sealed the deal. I actually have stopped going to Oreganos all together since they changed their pasta supplier. The new pasta has a terrible consistency and is very gummy. I had been going to Oreganos for about 15 years but the changes that have been made recently have stopped me from going to all locations. It's sad that it used to be my favorite restaurant but when they seem to have traded quality for profit it's nolonger the place it used to be.
1	This place has gone down hill in the past couple of years. Corporate has changed the quality of their pasta in order to save money. The only thing that really tasted good was the cheese bread. I haven't been back since.
5	It's extraordinary pizza, either thin or thick crust doesn't matter. You will love this place. Brace yourself for a wait anytime of the day or night though.
4	Great pizza. Decent service. A bit pricey. But the pizza cookie... Oh the pizza cookie. How I love you so. Got the pesto chicken deep dish. Well worth the hour wait.
3	Visited while staying nearby at the Courtyard by Marriott. Walked down the street and was pleasantly surprised. They have an outdoor bar and you can sit on the porch or inside to eat. The bartenders are nice, and friendly. The drinks however are average to poor. They dont have a big selection, and SKY is the best vodka they have. Nowhere else is that topshelf. Ordered the calamari recommended by a bartender and dipped it in the buffalo wing sauce as suggested. The calamari was just frozen stuff and nothing special. I left after a couple average vodka tonics and went to another nearby place. I came back a second night and tried the pizza. The thin crust looked great, but when I ordered it the guy said it would take at least an hour cause thye have a small oven. SO, I switched to a pan. It was good, but not great. Would not go back I dont think.
4	Yum ... I think this is the third Oregano's chain we've been to and it did not disappoint!  Great pasta, pizza and you have to get their cookie pizza.  It is to die for!
2	This place was a let down.  I was expecting something better and exciting especially because the logo and branding seemed to infer fun, traditional italian cuisine.  Not even close.  Oh my,  I miss Italian Food from the New York.  And definitely don't order to pick up.  They obviously don't use heat lamps as everything was cold when we picked up our phone order - and we arrived only 15 minutes after ordering - when they said it would be ready. :-(
4	Whenever we have a team lunch at work, this place is at the top of everyone's list.  We're really glad they moved down the street into a new location that's larger and can fit all of us.  At the old location, we were cramped inside and took up all of the seats.Some of the menu items I've had:Garlic Bread, $4.99Toasted Ravioli, $6.99Bruschetta, $7.39Mini Stuffed Pizza, $6.7918" Thin Crust Numero Uno (Pepperoni, Sausage, Mushrooms, Onions, Green Peppers), $25.50The Garlic Bread is evil.....it's very good and addicting.  I could eat it all day long.The Toasted Ravioli and Bruschetta are good, not the best, but above average.  The Thin Crust Pizza is my fav though.  We order it "well done" so it comes out crispy and the Cheese has a slight burn on top.  They do it right here....soooo good!I was convinced by a co-worker to try the Mini Stuffed Pizza one day....it was good, but I could only have 1 slice, it was too filling.The servers here are great and easily handle the 25 of us and our quirkiness.Return Factor - 88%
5	Went back to Oregano's with a friend yesterday.  Service was outstanding as usual.  Upon leaving the restaurant, our server, Lindsay, could see I was moving at a snail's pace trying to carry my 11 week old baby in his carrier out to my car.  You see, my baby and I were rear-ended a few weeks ago and I have a sprained/strained cervical and lumbar spine respectively along with a sprained knee, and was truthfully having great difficulty.  She offered to carry my baby in his carrier all the way out to my car for me.  I felt kind of guilty accepting her offer, but upon her insistence I did.  She even lifted him into the back seat of the car for me.  This is just another example of the kind of people you have on your extremely caring staff!!  Thank you SO MUCH!!!
5	Great salads/pizza and fun place for families!!
4	Their pizza is okay, but the rest of the food is pretty good & the prices are good for how huge the portions are! The sandwiches, salads, and pastas are all good (Oregano's favorite, Chicago Italian Sausage, Big O'Vedge). The service is usually okay. Not bad for a chain restaurant.
5	This place is always consistently amazing no matter what I order.
4	I've been back several more times and just thought I'd update my post from a couple of years ago. We love the bellinis and go in there often to have them. We actually ate lunch there yesterday and totally enjoyed ourselves. We had wings, boom dip and deep dish pizza. Fanny was our server and was an absolute doll. So thank you Oreganos! We'll see ya soon!
4	Love this place-great salad and pizza and Bellini and make sure to save room for dessert!!
4	Service is alwayse super friendly and attentive. Love the salads and deep dish pizza is a must have!
2	I LOVE me some Oregano's I just don't happen to share that same sentiment with this location.  Our server seemed bored and completely uninterested in helping us or being at work, which is fine but can you at least fake it and do I have to ask when its a good time to place my order, or to get refills, or to get a box or to order dessert or to get a to go cup? I mean, c'mon.  My review is simply on the service.  The food was good, as always. Never will go back to this location though, which is a shame.
4	Went here about a year and a half ago with my parents on one of our final nights in Phoenix and we weren't disappointed.  My sister went there a few nights beforehand and recommended it to us after she went there with some friends who live in the area.  I don't know what the new location is like, but would definitely go again if in the area.
5	This is a great place for pizza, sandwiches, salads.  Great atmosphere, and great food.
5	I love Oregano's. When I first moved here last year, this was one of the first restuarants I went to, and I've been coming back ever since - sometimes once or twice a week. I'll tell you why...First, their service: everyone from the hostess, bartenders, servers, and managers are super friendly and they always take care of you. The staff culture really matches the decor and ambiance of the place- fun! even their t-shirts are funny.Second of course is the food: whether you grab a thin slice for lunch or a deep dish for dinner, you will be glad you did. Everything on the menu is good, and definately try the pizza cookie for dessert.This Scottsdale location is great. (service is awesome here) Bring your coworkers for lunch. It's also a nice, casual spot for a date, or share a deep dish with your friends. Enjoy!
1	If oregano's plans on seeing me again, they should have taken a picture
4	This place is about 2 things. Good thin crust pizza and the pizza cookie. It's hard to find real good pizza in AZ, but the thin crust pizza here is really pretty decent. The pizza cookie is amazing. Truly you could just go right to the cookie if you are brave enough. The atmosphere is just OK. Usually a wait on the weekends and the service is fine. If you are in the Phoenix area and craving pizza this place is worth a try.
5	Any Phoenix native will tell you Oregano's is the pizza king of the valley.  They do thin crust AND deep dish well.  Many people opt for their famous Pizzookie (ice cream cookie) dessert as well.  The only downside of this Scottsdale location is that the parking is a female dog.
4	Sunday afternoon rainy day first timer experience ~ Our server Jackie was great (and normally I don't remember their names but she was THAT good). My DH ordered a sausage sandwich and was concerned about "just how spicy is it?" Jackie said it wasn't "that hot" but it had a kick to it. Spice is subjective and to us it was very spicy. Jackie was very attentive as she was working many areas and hustling, she was quick to apologize and asked to bring him something else.  DH ordered an Italian Beef Sandwich as a substitute. It was delicious. They use a Havarti cheese that gives a nice taste that we haven't found anywhere else.  The sandwich was moist and juicy A+. Made me wish I had ordered one instead of my flat cheese pizza, but he was nice enough to share  = )  The waffle cut fries were also a hit.The manager could not have been nicer and stopped by our table to make sure everything was to our liking twice. Adam/manager and Jackie would be reason enough for us to come back again....not to mention that sandwich! Being newbies to Oregano's, every dish that was carried past us had us drooling as we said  "mmmmm next time lets order that".  We'll be back.
5	I love the new Oregenos ! It is huge .....  In fact, I cannot find the bathroom right now.  I am in some sort of broom closet Yelping ....... Don't worry I am not going to use this bucket ...
2	Oregano's came highly recommened to us. Being from New York, its hard for me to say pizza anywhere is good The pizza was salty I could barey eat it. My fiance and I shared a small salad which was good, typical salad ok whatever but the pizza looked like thin crust from dominos?? That being said I dont get all the raving reviews? Its typical chain food...On a positive note our server was very sweet and attentive.
2	I have been to many of the Oregano's. I was sorely disappointed in this one. No cold beer? Please?
4	I usually hit one of the Oregano's every time I come to Phoenix. They are always good and always consistent. This time I tried the thin crust pizza instead of the stuffed pizza. I was hoping for a NY style pizza, but it was more of a Midwest style thin crust. The crust was thin and crispy. Not like an Italian wood-fired crispy, but a nice Midwest crispy. The sausage was fresh and not frozen. They used a good cheese and an above average pepperoni. All and all, a very good pizza combined with great customer service.
3	The top garlic death breath dining destination in the valley!  The bruschetta, garlic toast (with or without cheese), Italian flag lasagna, and pizzas... all get thumbs ups.  Some of the other pasta dishes are dry, come in stale bread bowls, or just lack cohesive flavors... so buyer beware - there are some landmines on the menu.  My suggestion... find your favorites and stick with them!
4	First time at the Scottsdale location. Now, I have three Oregeno's to my credit. I had never ordered the Big Rig pasta before because I had heard it was spicy - well everybody was right. This pasta clearly has a chipotle kick, but is worth the sweat. Lots of giant rigatoni with some tomatoes and cream sauce and alot of food for only $9.50. It comes with not enough garlic bread, so get extra or have some ready at home. Enjoyable for one time for me, but my spicy tolerance level is very gringo, but it was tasty.
5	I've have been to several Oreganos and by far this one is the best I've been to. The food as always was superb. I tried the Big Beefy Sandwich and after a slight mix up that was promptly fixed i enjoyed every overstuffed bite of it. The sweet potatoes fries, let me just say this place now holds the gold standard for them! Wow! My mouth is already watering just thinking about them. The food as stated was superb but what sets this place apart is the staff. From the manager down to the hostess we were well greeted and served. Even with the slight mix up food was prompt, hot, and tasty. Now the Giant Cookie....just get it and pay for the calories later. It is hot warm and gooey and the ice cream takes care of that burning sensation on your tongue. Thanks for a wonderful visit and I will be including this Oreganos on my next journey to Scottsdale.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would, I called 3 times to make an order for pick-up. I was put On hold 3 times and then when the girl answered she laughed at me and hung up. One of them was named Suzy. I have been a long time Oreganos fan and recommend it to everyone but stay away from this location. They are rude and never busy.
5	Great cozy fun place. Good drink selection. Great beer on tap selection. Service is awesome. First time here. Not the last !!!
5	Love this place for work week lunches! Yummy food, large portions, ample seating in the middle of the day, and reasonable prices especially close to Old Town.It's the salads that really make me love this place. They are giant, fresh, and full of good toppings. It's hard to find a salad that's big enough to fill me up until afternoon snack time, and Oregano's gets the job done every time. My favorites are the Oregano Favorite and the Picasso Mexico salad. The Veggie sandwich is average - the bread tasted a little funny to me, but the caramelized onions and portabella mushrooms were quite yummy. The big slice of pizza for only $2.99 is an awesome deal as well, and the pizza is great thin crust pizza.This location has outdoor seating, semi-indoor/outdoor seating, true indoor booths, and bar seating so there is a lot to choose from. They are quick with service, even in the midday rush.The only negative is that they place their music ungodly loudly. It can be hard to hear conversation at the same table and I find it irritates me. If they took it down a few notches, it would be perfect background music.
3	Food was great, was a busy Friday night and food came quick. Waitress was nice but definitely felt like she didn't want to be there and was very rushed. Table next to us had the friendliest waitress tho so we'll try again!
5	Wow!  Loved the food, service and setting.  I was with a group of 9:  with wings, 2 pizzas, 2 sandwiches and 2 pizzookies, we were all stuffed and happy.  The beef sandwich was a definite staple that you must try.
5	Love this place, been going for years and have never had a bad experience.  There have been a few, less than the usual best, but never bad.You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Wings, cheesy garlic bread, pizza (stuffed or thin), salads, sandwiches.  Everything is consistently great and the staff is friendly and accommodating. There's generally a wait during the weekends, but you can usually find a drink at the bar while you wait.I do miss the original Scottsdale location...
5	Father/Daughter dinner night!We pulled up and was told an hour to hour and a half wait for a table. Almost left but a quick text from my wife said to stick it out40min later we were seated and eating our bruschetta totally thrilled that we waited. The server was awesome. He was attentive but not to muchWe shared a broccoli pizza and the zani zitiSo much food!! Wanted to keep eating but had to try the cookie pizza!This place is great. Great food. Extremely nice employees ( really appreciate their 10foot rule----- everyone said hello or welcome )I will absolutely return. And bring the whole familyThanks guys!!
5	Best customer service experience at any pizza place hands down!A girlfriend of mine and I ate there for lunch. Food was great and very reasonable prices. However we forgot our leftovers (I hate that!). As soon as I got back to the office I called them to see if they were still there. Unfortunately they had already been thrown out. So the guy who answered the phone, Drew, got the manager involved and promised to make a new pizza and a pazooki (substitute for the forgotten salad). I said I would be there in 10 minutes to pick it up. But they actually delivered it to me!!!!! How incredible is that! WWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWW!!!!! Totally made my day :-)
4	I LOVE Oregano's! Came here last night with the man friend and had a delish dinner, truly never disappointed.  We started with the calamari and it was crispy, fresh and had a slight kick. Oh, and no bodies, i hate the bodies! but im weird like that :)  It comes with their yummy marinara and some lemons. For dinner I had the Pesto Penne Bake and he had the Bol-O-Pasta with meatballs. Both were great but mine may have sat for a minute too long before service, the cheese wasnt as gooey or hot as i would have liked. not a biggie. The server, cant remember his name, was nice and attentive. No room for dessert this time but damn do i love that pizzookie! Will i come back? absofreakinlutely!
5	Great cozy fun place. Good drink selection. Great beer on tap selection. Service is awesome. First time here. Not the last !!!
5	Love me some Oregano's. Staff is always friendly and food is great. Great dishes I've had:  Alfredo the Dark (add the meatballs) is probably my favorite. Chicken Cesar salad is fantastic. They use a warm deli type chicken that is unique and great. Chicken pesto pizza is what i've had the most and it is very good. I had a baked sub with salami etc, that was not my favorite, but filling and pretty good. The food is just great and there is a lot to choose from. If you have room, the pizza cookie  is really, really awesome.  The new location is not as close to the heart of old town, but the added parking, increased seating, increased general openness and added liqueur availability make it a good move.
5	Came here on a whim after our attempt at mexican food failed. This place ended up pretty awesome. Pizza was great and different. Who would have thought eating pizza in squared slices other than the traditional wedges would have been so cool? The dessert topped our evening with the baked cookies with ice cream on top - we came out a 5 pounds heavier with a smile on our faces!
5	Great food, service & atmosphere!  I wish the wait to get a table was much shorter but definitely worth it!  Amazing salad, pizza, bruschetta & DRINKS!  Very kid friendly & the prices are great!
4	I have gone to Oregano's a number of times and I was not impressed by their pasta, but their pizza is worth the visit! I've tried a number of pasta dishes that were all big in portion size, but left me unsatisfied when it comes to flavor. I love, love, love their kickbutt garlic bread appetizer with cheese and marinara sauce. It was the perfect start to the meal and it was like 2 feet long! The best thing I have had here by far is the numero one-o Chicago style deep dish pizza. It took a while to make but we knew what we were getting into. It was so huge that we could each only eat one piece! We substituted mushrooms for jalapenos and it was the best choice ever because that transformed our pizza into a spicy treasure. We were both surprised at the kick (which we loved) that came with these red jalapenos. I had a bloody mary, which was decent, and Eric got a margarita that he enjoyed. The service is top-notch with our server constantly checking on us and apologizing for the wait for our pizza. The deep dish is extremely huge and took a lot longer than the other dishes that you can order, so be aware that the wait is inevitable and be patient!
5	What an amazing experience, my family and friends visiting from San Diego, stumbled over this place called OREGANO, wow great food, and lots of it, I had the Diablo shrimp recommended by Tony it was the bomb, enjoyed it and we ordered the cookie deep dish it was worth the wait it came with 3 scoops of ice cream great dessert to share, FYI order the cookie in advance because it takes 12 minutes. we definitely will come back when we visit Arizona again or hopefully they will export Oregano to San Diego
3	Took almost two hours from the time we walked in the door until we got our pizza. will most likely not return
5	If you want original, Amazing flavor, great tasting Italian food come to this place! I had the pleasure of dining at this establishment and not just get great service but so much food! The portions are huge and the options are plentiful. It was a group of 4 BIG guys who also are foodies too. We had 2 large Pizzas, 2 chicken shredded pastas, this crust appetizer with guacamole ,  salads and dessert (which is my fave!) and we were satisfied. Plus they have the best shits ( " Its Ok to Cheat " in bold letters with the fine print "at your local pizzeria" ... love it !)I will me making my turnaround trips to AZ just to eat at Oregano's Pizza Bistro!
4	My boyfriend and I went here for deep dish pizza but unfortunately did not get to try it due to time constraint. I however had a salad and he had the meatball sandwich. He loved his sandwich and I enjoyed my salad but I'm disappointed in how HUGE the portions are. This is why America is obese. I'm sorry but as much as people get excited about huge portions for their money, it's ridiculous to me. No one needs that much food!! Places like this really turn me off b/c they only contribute to the obesity epidemic. Yes you can have it for lunch the next day but you can't help but overeat at this place. I personally won't return but I'm sure my bf will cause he loves deep dish pizzas. I'm giving 4 stars for the taste but still, they need to have some portion control here.
5	Favorite...best pizza ever...can't wait to go back. Its our Arizona tradition to visit oregano's. Tony is a true Italian from Chicago and obviously has a heart for deep dish with Italian sausage. We had the Portebella stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer this time.  We really enjoy the outdoor seating and the friendly service. When we get around to it, we will try one of their enormous and visually appealling salads. 6 stars! Also the jazzy tunes are a refreshing change of pace.
1	Manager was extremely rude and argumentative. I hadn't even begun to explain my issue before he started going off on me. Will not be returning to this location or probably any other oregano's for that matter. Thanks for the worst experience. The pizza wasn't even that great for the price, time and rudeness I had to deal with.
4	I love this place! The servers are all so friendly, and accommodating, the portions are large, and it always tastes fresh!My boyfriend and I go in here on a semi regular basis. We recognize some of the servers, and they know who we are. We also come with his mother and little sister for family dinners and are never disappointed. The ONLY poor experience we have had there was the last time we went in. We, just he and I, ordered the Big Beefsro Salad to share. In terms of size, we were not disappointed, the salad was HUGE. But we did not like the flavors at all. We each maybe had 4 or 5 bites, which barely touched the salad, and had to order something else. Our waitress asked if we liked it and we informed her we couldn't eat it. She commented on how little of it we ate, that it barely looked touched and took it away. We ordered our normal pizza, and ate that just fine. When we received the bill the salad was on it, so I asked our server if there was any way we could remove it, or at least discount it, since we didn't even eat it. She looked at us and walked away to the bar filled someone Else's drink and came back to check if we were ready to pay. In the end we paid for it, and left, still tipped her well, even if she wasn't willing to help us. Other than that one experience though, every time we go in we are treated very well. It's always busy at dinner time, so come early! I highly recommend the Boom Dip, Toasted Ravioli Espanol, Bistro Sweet Po's, Thin Crust Pizza with sausage and pepperoni, the Chicago Stuffed Pizza with pepperoni (order this one To-Go, at the beginning of your meal as it takes 40-45 minutes to make and enjoy pizza all week at home!), and of course the Original Pizza Cookie (my favorite is the Peanut Butter!)!
5	Best pasta I've had in Scottsdale and the pizza is good too. Definitely recommend the Alfredo the Dark pasta.
3	Staff was very friendly, and atmosphere was fun, but the Margherita pizza (thin crust) was the worst I have ever had. Mozzarella was so thin you couldn't even taste it. Tasted like cardboard.
5	Decided to visit Oreganos on the recommendation of a friend. We were very impressed. The stuffed mushrooms were fantastic!  We then had the thin crust with spinach and broccoli.  Again was very impressed. You have to try the pizza cookie for dessert. You will not be disappointed!  Thank you to Joseph our waiter as well for the service.
5	I can't wait to come visit Arizona again so I can get the El Diablo dish!! Awesome!!!
3	Oregano's used to be better. I used to love it... The atmosphere and the pizza were excellent, and now it seems like they are sub par. I've been there a handful of times this year, and every one of them have been disappointing. the service was lousy, and the food was mediocre at best. But on the bright side, they do have giant cups so I can drink a gallon of coke while I wait 45-1 hour for my pizza to come out.
4	Went here last weekend, did the happy hour thing. We all had yens for different things so we got em all and shared. We started with the sliced beef salad, which I did not expect to like but ended up being really good. Also had an order of plain old Spaghetti and meatballs, again, no complaints, and their pizza i always good, got the thin crust this time but have never been disappointed there. Best garlic bread ever!Service is another area I find good at every Oreganos I visit. Our waitress was cute and personable and my glass did not sit empty (My pet peeve). Nice place to take the family or your date. Pretty predictably good.
4	Really nice and friendly staff. The pizza's are really tasty but there is a little bit of a wait for them. But to be fair the wait was due to the restaurant being really full. You are looking about 12 usd per person for a pizza and drink.We would go again
1	Looooong wait. Told us 15 minutes and we left after waiting 45 minutes. Clean it up Oregano's.
5	Not only does Oreganos have a cool vibe and atmosphere...the food is excellent!!! We dined with Matt the day before and had a great time.Matt was so much fun and recommended some great food. Came back and sat at the bar and were blown away by the top notch service from Tony! Recommend seeing him in the bar for a great night out.
3	This place is too damn busy. It's pretty ridiculous to have wait an hour or more on a weeknight to get into this place. Sure if this was an upscale restaurant that was on another level then other Italian food places then I can justify the wait, but in my opinion it's not. Obviously I am one of the few people who doesn't think this place is that great. Once you are seated at an Italian restaurant most places have complimentary bread or something to hold you over for a while especially when you are waiting forever to get your food. To be fair they have $4 garlic bread which is pretty huge and tasty. As someone who drinks a lot of soda I appreciated the massive drink cups they have. The food came out and a few people were underwhelmed that they waiting as long as they did for what they got. The staff was friendly so that was at least nice. The parking in this location is terrible. On most nights you are forced to find parking in a dirt parking lot because there are too many people there. I have been here a few times and every time it was just decent. Nothing has ever blown me away about this place. I think it is overrated.
5	I shall begin in a different fashion than usual by making it known that I used to work for this company at this location from 2012 to 2013. However, this is strictly a review based upon my personal experience as a paying customer, outside the fact that I am a former employee. The food here is spectacular, especially if you are looking for a good thin crust pizza cooked to perfection and loaded with toppings. One of my favorites is the "Bistro Classic" (a simple pizza, white garlic butter sauce, tomatoes and basil) which is fabulous with additional meats such as the Cajun chicken. Any and all of their thin crust pizzas are marvelous, depending on your topping preferences. However, the bottoms of the pizzas tend to cook to a crisp, if this is not something you're fond of as I myself am, make a request to your waiter/waitress for a lighter bake. I highly suggest trying their Medium/Gold wings with a side of ranch or bleu cheese, "Guacatony" with beef added on the crispy pizza chips, and the "Oregano's Favorite" Mediterranean inspired salad. The wait, bar, host and take out staff are attentive and accommodating. This is a quirky environment for family gatherings, celebratory events, or even a date night with the other half. The wait times are rather high at almost every lunch or dinner hour, for the mere fact that the food and service is so outstanding! Be prepared to have one person from your party arrive in advance to be placed on the waiting list. Though I am very satisfied in my current place of employment, Oregano's will forever remain my favorite company I've worked for, as they truly press upon the customer service aspect and helped me to find the confidence and sincerity in myself.
5	Had a great pizza and salad. Set at the outdoor patio which is just beautiful food was great our server Erin was fantastic will definitely be coming back
5	Meat balls are fantastic and love, love, love the deep dish pizza, but be prepared to wait 45 mins for it. Patio is great! Serving sizes are enormous! Brent was extremely accommodating and friendly. Oreganos never disappoints!
2	Great food, poor service. We waited over an hour for our food and no one seemed to care. (On a Monday night)
4	Love this place! The smell of Italian herbs is intoxicating when you walk in and instantly makes you hungry.  The pizzas are my favorite but pasta was good too. Best appetizer: cheese bread...buttery, soft super cheesy!
1	This is the second time I have been to this location and the experiences were very different. First of all the service was awful.   I should have walked out and regret not doing it.   My wife and I started with the simple dinner salad.   It was a very large portion but 99% lettuce.   I will say the home made croutons were awesome but nothing else.   We waited over 5 minutes for dressing that we asked 2 different servers for. I ordered the chicken lasagna.   No nice way to say it,  it SUCKED.  Very bland and burnt.   Maybe some of the food here is good but this isn't.   My wife ordered a margarita pizza.   Not good either but wouldn't go so far as to say it sucked.I was very disappointed with this restaurant and will not be back,  ever.   I would say do not waste your money here.  Some reviews seem good so maybe we caught them on the wrong day? ? Or ordered the worst stuff on the menu?   Either way with so many good restaurant's over here I would skip this place.
5	Portions are huge, so you definitely get what you pay for. The portions are also delicious. My goal is to hit everything on this menu, because everything I have had thus far has been crazy good.
5	Tried a Chicago style Pan Pizza. I had sausage,Green  Pepper, Onion and Fresh Tomato. It was Fantastic. By far the best Pizza I've had had in Phoenix. I'm from Chicago so I know good Pizza, this place is right up there. Thanks, we'll be back !!
5	I love going here with family on special occasions. The food is great and the staff is always friendly. I highly recommend the wings!
5	We ate at Oregano's when I came down for Spring Training. This place is awesome. Sometimes it is hard to get in as it is so crowded though. Highly recommended and worth the wait, if you have to wait. Although we have little kids so if the wait is 30 minutes plus we usually go elsewhere and come back another day.
5	My favorite restaurant ever!! Like seriously.. Ever! I just wished ordering wings wasn't that restricted. What's so hard about being able to order 2 orders of 7 wings with different sauce instead of 14 of just one sauce... I find it more difficult baking a pizzokie with 2 flavors. I still love oreganos though :)
5	Pizza cookie is a must!!!! Everything else is delicious as well but be warned the portions are giant!!
2	I live close to Oregano's, and our family always wanted to try this place out. What a better occasion than trying it for my 21st wedding anniversary. It was very packed, so we had the impression it was going to be phenomenal food. We sat outside, and we immediately fell in love with the environment. We sit there for 20 minutes and we order some drinks. Our service was nothing spectacular, and the server fail to suggest any options. We ordered the Big Rig Pasta; a very dry pasta with no flavor whatsoever. My daughter ordered Lady is A Scampi, very dry pasta as well not worth the money. Furthermore, Alfredo the Dark was dry pasta, little sauce topped with tomato.  In addition, the wings were extremely salty. The pizza was good. The only thing we loved was the dessert! Never coming back, I'd rather stick to the regular Olive Garden or Malee's on Main.
5	Great pizza taste like Chicago... Service is outstanding Be sure to ask got Tony he is as authentic as Chicago comes... You will have to wait for the good to come to your table as Chicago pan takes longer.., but you know that if from Chicago...  You will not be disappointed.
4	I like this place! The music can be pretty loud, so makes visiting with friends over dinner somewhat difficult. However, our service has Bern excellent every time we've been there. Be aware - the salads are enormous. My husband and I ordered a large salad to split. We could only eat half of it and saved the rest to feed us both for lunch the next day.All the pasta dishes are good and the serving sizes are huge!
5	Awesome food, cool atmosphere, and great service. People can bitch about the price if they want but if you want all of thee above you're going to shell out some coin for it. Our server was Connor- super cool dude, paid attention to us very well and remembers everything you ask for.
5	We were looking for family-style Italian to round off our vacation on a hearty note, as drove by grazie, but it looked a little ambient for our four and two year old, if you know what I mean. So we stumbled upon Oregano's and what a  great find it was. The boom dip (I don't like that name), the Caesar, and the sproccoli thin crust pizza were notable. I want one of these in Orange County! They're expanding, but into Texas. Boo. My son had ordered a slice of kid's pepperoni and our server offered to bring him more and made his freaking day. And the pizza cookie is about ten times better than a BJ's pizookie (if that's even possible)!
5	We loved this place. Thought it looked a bit chain-y from the outside, and I realize that it is a growing regional chain, but the food and service felt more like a local place than an Olive Garden or something like that. Fantastic service (server who wasn't afraid to offer definitive recommendations when we asked about various items) who was also good with our kid. We split a couple of entrees (not pizza) that were both great, too - was just going to look up the menu to remind myself what it was, but the website appears to be down...Decor was a bit kitschy - but gave you something to do while waiting for food - "is that a penguin up there?" kinds of conversations - especially helpful with a kid who's hungry!
5	Best pizza since we moved from Chicago nearly 4 years ago!We have been dying for a traditional Chicago style pizza and finally we have found what is by far hands down the closest to Lou Malnati's River a North on Wells in Chicago!The thin crust is flaky and the sausage is flavorful! Although the sauce is a little loose for Chicago and could be a tad sweeter with a touch of basil, the fresh grated Parmesan cheese was the perfect touch.5 stars until our next visit!
4	Biggest advice: come hungry! The portions are huge and you're guaranteed to be bringing home leftovers. We tried both thin and Chicago style deep dish and both were cooked to perfection. The originality of the menu makes you want to try their suggested pizza combinations, but will many to choose from you will have to make a visit here again. Only complaint: the music (fit perfectly for the restaurants style although) was a little too loud to enjoy the company around you.
4	Here's what you do:GuacatonyMaybe a little Caesar salad action (big portion will feed 2)Alfredo the DarkChocolate Chip Pizza CookieDie.
3	Enjoyed a meal inside and as usual the Alfredo the dark was in rare form and came out fast. The salad was too loaded with dressing this time, ut despite the many apologies, the biggest letdown of the evening was the signature drink of the place, the Bellini. The explanation was that the machine was broken because the Bellini did not look at all like it's swirly self, just a blob of uncolored ice on this visit.  Don't try and pass off your best drink to us if it's not what it's supposed to be, just stop selling the thing. The waiter was nice, but Lawrence would be rolling in his grave if he saw his signature drink looking that bad.
5	Great food and great service. Happy employees make the customers happy. Keep it up. Food came out quick and tasted great.
5	Delicious! Oregano's has the best pizza sauce EVER! We got a pan-tossed pizza and some deep-fried ravioli. We were a little surprised to find the raviolis have hot peppers in them, but otherwise tasty. The pizza was epically good. I'd recommend going before you're starving because you will wait.
3	This place was excellent but something is off about the food, maybe too salty. Still a fun place to eat.
2	I had heard a lot about Oreganos. I donde twice during my stay in Scottsdale. The atmosphere is fun and engaging. But both times I experienced the food as good enough. But it was nothing that would bring me back. I wanted to like the place. And of course you are not getting out of there for under $15 with tip. Not worth that.
5	How could you ever go bad with Oregano's?  The only complaint I have is that ALL the food has some sort of spice in it...!
5	Outstanding food and service. Portions are large, enough for 2 meals. Save room for the most amazing dessert ever!
1	While the food may be good, their honesty policy and goodwill are lacking!! Their local franchise manager agreed to a discount for our group members visiting for the weekend, but only after all of our visitors ordered and paid did they learn the corporate office would not honor the agreed upon discount! Very foolish business practice! Won't be back and don't recommend that you should either!!!
5	I love this place! Delicious food, great service, super friendly. Michelle was our server and right off the bat she was very friendly and helpful giving us great suggestions. I can't wait to come back and eat here again and hopefully have her as our server!!!
5	1st time here Josh our waiter was nice, fast, and not a pest. told us our mushrooms would take a little while due to being baked ,good to know  Wife loved the sandwich, pizza was awesome and everything was great thanks again Josh  recommend to anyone that wants a great lunch ...
3	I love the ambiance of this restaurant.  Its fun and casual.  The service we had last night was poor. Our server was slow, never asked us how we were or if we needed refills.  The food was not the best. I ordered a deep dish, which being from Chicago I was really hoping it would be good, but It was not. I did not like the flavoring, basil? And it seemed a bit under cooked.  The calamari was rubbery.  I would go back because o know their other menu items are good and its a fun place.  I just won't order the deep dish pizza. I guess nothing compares to Chicago!
4	Oreganos offers a very home-like atmosphere and a wide selection of delicious Italian foods. After watching an episode of Sopranos and craving pasta with meatballs, Oreganos was able to satisfy my desires with an endless bowl of pasta and meat sauce for $7 (2 meatballs were an extra $3.29 but they were delicious). I also got a pizza there and they offer various Chicago-style pizzas from thin crust to pan. The pizza does take about half an hour because it's made fresh, but definitely worth the wait. Overall the food was delicious and me and my girlfriend got full and had a ton of pizza leftover, and best part was we only spent 25! The service was average, but everyone was pretty nice there. I would definitely recommend Oreganos to anyone wanting a hearty Italian-style dinner. Oh, try and go a little earlier (around 5-530ish) to avoid the wait which can be very long on certain days as Oreganos is definitely a hot-spot in Scottsdale!
5	Best restaurant. EVERThe food is so fricken good it's unbelievable.  Pablo Picasso salad as an appetizer.  Followed by the baked penne, which is served in a homemade crunchy bread bowl. Finished with a pazooki desert.I could've eaten everything on the menu, but could only pick one entree, so guess what? Yes, I'll be back next week.Heaven on earth.
4	Get the cookie dessert - delicious.
5	Went here on a recommendation of a colleague.    Atmosphere is very interesting, really liked it.  Casual place.  Food was delicious and wasn't ridiculously priced like most things around here.  I had the stuffed Riga Tony which was excellent and I loved the garlic bread that comes with the meal. Boyfriend had an oregano ziti dish with chicken that he really enjoyed.   Portions are really big.  We also split a Caesar salad (big) which was enough for 4 people.  We had food leftover so I would suggest sharing.
4	This is the best pizza in Scottsdale! Our waiter, Tyler, was so friendly and outgoing. He recommended great beer choices and sold us on the cheesy bread and spinach dip. The barbecue chicken thin crust pizza was amazing!
4	My family ate here while on vacation. We split a family size salad among four of us. I will note that my daughters are 3 and 7, but it was a huge salad. My wife and I ordered a thin crust pizza. We were planning to order a small numero uno (I think that is what it was called) Unfortunately, we took the servers suggestion and went up a size. It was way to much pizza. The other issue is that he convinced us to split the pizza into a half numero uno and a half Calvin (I think that is the name). What we got, was a full size Calvin. While the pizza was delicious, it was frustrating that we did not get what we ordered. Interesting enough the manager offered to make us another numero uno on top of the pizza we could not finish. We declined. There was no offer of even $5 off. A small deduction off the bill should have been offered. This odd customer service is the only thing keeping this review from 5 stars.
4	Food is awesome and huge portions so there's always left overs! My favorite is the Alfredo the Dark or the Big Rig, I tried the El Diablo shrimp pasta but was disappointed! It's very spicy which I like but not nearly as good as their other pastas! Wouldn't recommend that dish, other than that their food is always my go to. End your meal with a pizookie to top it off, their delicious!
4	If you go here what you need to do is get on that meatball sub game. The meatballs are enormous, the cheese is melty and tasty and the sauce is robust. I like this place because the portion sizes are huge, possibly even too much as i never feel good after eating here. Then the bazooki cookie will find its way on my table and that melted piece of heaven comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream and its 5 bucks. This place is dangerous because put it in the books that your going to fall asleep after. Great food just dont make plans to go out afterwards.
4	Real good Chicago style pie and pasta dishes. Thin crust style not bad but go with the pan style IMO. Good clean friendly atmosphere. Families, couples, singles, teenagers out for a bite, convivial staff. Overall just a pleasant experience. I highly recommend it for everyone. The Chicago style pie is as close to Chicago style pan pizza as one can get without eating at Lou Malnati's in Chicago. Couldn't tell the difference to be honest. i usually order to go and have a beer at the bar while i wait or eat at the bar and service is good.Enjoy!
4	Our time in Phoenix was limited, or we would have returned. Their menu is quite extensive. We shared a lunch special of deep dish pizza, and added a Caesar salad (to share). A beer, and an iced tea, and we were stuffed! Huge lunch for two at $19. including tax... nice! Oh, by the way... the pizza is very good.
4	Ate the pizza and enjoyed the company of our server, Skyler. He helped us pick wings with parmesan lime and they were a hit! It's a typical pizza place but brings me back to Chicago when I'm there.Its salads though are HUGE! And great! I'll get it every time I go.
3	Make reservations because this place is very popular. If I lived closer to this place I'd be there every week. The Mediterranean bread is unbelievable. The pizza is unconventional and fabulous. The pizza is made in a pan and flipped upside down in a bowl. Keep in mind they are big portions.
5	The cheesy marinara bread this time was amazing! Just enough cheese, bread was nice and soft. The pizza did not take too long coming out either a nice 18 in pepperoni. Visited on 12-19-14, can't wait to return!
5	I try this place on a recent trip to Arizona and I absolutely loved it! The garlic bread is phenomenal... their pizzas are great... and so is their cookie dessert! I really wish they had one of these in San Diego I probably frequent it pretty often! I really liked the Decour inside - it was super cute! The customer service is great - no complaints!Give this place a try especially if you're in the mood for Italian food! You must have dessert don't leave without it! If you're too full to consume it there, no worries, just tell them and  they will be lad to package it up and send it home with you - that's what I did! Delish!!!
1	I'm going to have to agree with Blythe R.  This place is just not the same.  Servious, it was just ok at best. We ordered two "guacatonis" and they were both over cooked.  Some of the food was cold and the pasta mushy.  For sure I won't be going back to this particular Oregano's.  Oh, by the way, I have been here dozens of times. We even had a rehearsal dinner here.  It used to be a real favorite. It is just not the same.
3	Oreganos is always good for what it is; family dining and big portions.SOMEONE PLEASE TURN THE MUSIC DOWN. Please. Please sweet baby Jesus turn it down. Trumpets blaring in my face make conversation impossible here
