2	I've tried this place once, and did not have a good experience.BRGR bills itself as, "Pittsburgh's first gourmet burger bar".  Well, first of all, you might argue that Tessaro's, BRGR's competition located in an adjacent neighborhood, is Pittsburgh first "gourmet" (I hate that term, so overused) burger joint - predating BRGR by a couple of decades.  Secondly, for a restaurant that bills itself as a "first", you might wonder why they chose a non-novel name - the very same abbreviation is used as the name of several "high-end" burger restaurants in NYC, Kansas, and Texas.  So let's talk about the "gourmet" burgers served at BRGR.  I don't really understand why they describe their burgers as "gourmet", as nothing is noteworthy about the meat used to make their burgers.  In every other "gourmet" burger restaurant that I've been to in other cities, I noticed that the restaurant had gone to great lengths to describe the locally-raised, grass-fed beef that went into their freshly-ground burgers.  BRGR never mentions the source, feed, or freshness of its burger meat.  Upon tasting the burger, you quickly understand why - the burger is made from everyday commercially-raised meat.  It doesn't taste like anything particularly special.  It's a reasonably good burger - just nothing special.  It isn't anywhere near as good as Tessaro's - which is about the same price (for the burger alone, more to continue).My girlfriend and I ordered both ordinary potato fries and sweet potato fries with our burgers.  The sweet potato fries were inedible - limp, wet, and oil-laden.  A single fry, lifted by two fingertips at its end, would double back on itself under its own weight.  We told the server that they were inedible and sent them back uneaten.  The potato fries were edible, just not very good - they were soft, undercooked (a soft yellow, without any crust that you expect in a good fry) and disappointing.  A "gourmet" burger joint ought to be able to serve a proper french fry: par-fried first at a lower temperature to first cook the interior creating big pillowy granules of fluffy starch, then flash-fried to order at a high temperature, properly caramelizing the exterior leaving the fry with a delicious tasty crust.  This isn't hard folks - I can do it in my own kitchen - why can't a self-professed "gourmet" restaurant do it in a professional kitchen?The service during our visit was awful.  I was unfamiliar with a beer on the draft list and asked what type of beer it was.  Our server said, "I don't know" and stared at me.  I asked her to find out.  When she returned, I was told, "It's a kind of a dark-type of a beer".  Yikes.  Our server then proceeded to bring the wrong beer - and told us, "I'm sorry, I was talking to my friends and forgot which beer you ordered".  Yikes.  She also didn't deduct the inedible sweet potato fries from the order, until we reminded her.  All in all, she was a human conveyor belt - without knowledge, charm, or any detectable interest in her work.  It was way below par.The atmosphere isn't to my taste - it has the look and feel of a high-end sports bar, with plasma TVs blaring sports entertainment from virtually every wall/corner.  There are a few plush-looking leather couches, likely remnants from the space's past life as a high-end cocktail bar, but I think you're paying for them.Meaning, the prices are too high.  The burgers themselves seem reasonable ($6-$13, average over $8.50) - until you see that they do not come with any sides, which cost extra ($4 for fries, $5 for onion rings).  Draft beer is expensive - over half of the draft selections were in the $6.5 to $8.5 range for a pint of beer!  Dinner for two (two burgers, two sides, four beers) was over $57 - before a $4 fry was removed from the tab.  All in all BRGR simply isn't worth the price.  If you want a far better burger, for a far better value, you're far better off going two miles away to Tessaro's.
4	I've been to BRGR twice now (lunch and dinner) and had good experiences both times. Service was fine, a bit slow but the restaurant was packed both times and our servers were attentive. I enjoyed everything I tried: the turkey burger has a "patty" of stuffing with cranberries that's especially tasty. The salmon burger was good but fell apart too easily. My friend loved her veggie burger (a mix of falafel and lentils). The onion rings and fries were excellent and served in generous portions. And the boozy milkshakes were INSANELY delicious (especially the salted caramel). They're made with Dave & Andy's ice cream and quite large -- I couldn't finish mine, even though I desperately wanted to. I can tell this is going to be one of our regular haunts.
4	I ate here recently and was very impressed.Pros: Excellent, excellent burgers. Creative toppings, well-cooked meat, and great buns (often overlooked). Additionally, the burgers are inexpensive given the quality. The fries and particularly the Brgr Sauce are fantastic, as well. Finally, the alcoholic shakes are amazing.Cons: Beer prices are high. I guess this is where they count on making their money. Also, service was slow when I went on a weeknight, so I imagine it's even worse on a weekend.
2	2.5 stars.  I stopped in here on a whim during my walk home last night, and I really hadn't heard anything about it.  I was initially underwhelmed.  Somehow I thought the name Brgr was in homage to the city of Pittsburgh. I wasn't really in the mood for a Burger, and there simply isn't anything else on the menu except a $9 cobb salad and $6 chili.  I had the chili, it was quite tasty, but nothing too unseen.  Beer prices are expensive for Pittsburgh, rail drinks are more respectable.  The saving grace was my friendly service.But PLEASE, for the love of pete, if you are going to charge $4 for a Yuengling and $9-25 for a burger with no sides you can afford to hire a graphic designer for your logo!
2	The best way to describe BrGr is it's a young teenage boy trying to fit into his father's big boy pants. I have eaten at this place about five times now since it opened. Every time the experience has been inconstant. The burgers are good, but I've had better at places like Tessaro's. The service is questionable, particularly on the weekends, as you never know if the server will be attentive or not.Also, I think their menu changes too often. Perhaps it's because they are trying to find the right menu mix. But it only adds to the inconsistency. For example, my friend had an amazing burger salad he told me I had to try. I came in the next day and it was already off the menu. Same thing with the sweet potato fries. One day they were there and the next they were not.I had one of their specialty drinks at the bar. It was called "Lemonade" but it had vanilla vodka in it which overpowered the entire beverage. Nancy, the bartender, overheard me making a comment to my friend that the drink was not very good. She offered to fix it for me, which was a very nice gesture.Much like a teenage boy, this burger bar is clumsy and awkward as it still tries to figure out its place in the new East Side dining scene. There is hope it will grow up and be the strapping young man we hope it will be. I want to like this place and hope it will become a neighborhood staple. It just needs time to figure things out.
4	I loved BRGR and plan to take family and friends here!The Dude Abides milkshake was DELICIOUS, my Tree Hugger burger was enormous and flavorful, and the "side order" of fries was way more than enough for two people to share. Our waitress was friendly and informative, and the food came out surprisingly quickly (..though we did visit on a Tuesday night).My only complaint is the lack of variety for vegetarians - since I plan to be a repeat customer, I'd love more non-meat flavor concoctions than just falafel-lentil. I'm sure whatever the chefs at BRGR come up with would be well-executed.
2	I would give BRGR 2.5 stars if I could but certainly not 3 so ill stick with the 2. JB and i went around 5:30ish on a Saturday evening and got seated right away. Tables are pretty tightly squeezed together and they have those 1 sided communal booth thingys with chairs on the other side, which I hate. The party to my left was obnoxious and so loud  I could hear every word of their conversation, therefore I had to yell across the table to be heard.  The couches are a fun idea and looked comfy, maybe a little too comfy - people were actually laying on them.Anyway, on to the food. Well, before we could order food we had to have a waitress. Service was lackluster, but to be fair it was pretty crowded. I got a ginger beer to quench my thirst but to my dismay, the waitress poured it over a glass filled to the brim with ice which quickly watered down my beverage and diluted that amazing ginger bite. For dinner I ordered a treehugger, the lentil &  falafel patty was crunchy and dry, I had to slather it in the house mustard to get it down. JB had the locavoire, a lamb patty with mint and feta and a plethora of other ingredients all vying for attention. It was over ambitious to say the least. We ordered fries and fried pickles as sides. The fried pickles were the best I've ever eaten but you only got 3 spears - that's not even a whole pickle!!! The fries were of the shoestring variety with parmesan cheese on top (or should I say on bottom because that's where most of the shreds were found). The flavor was good but they could have stayed in the fryer a bit longer.I was really excited about finally getting to grub at BRGR, unfortunately, the experience was a huge let down.
3	KOBE WAS AWESOME! A GREAT ADDITION TO EAST LIBERTY - SOLID BAR FOOD ELEGANTLY ELEVATED!Looks like me and a bunch of my yelp foodie friends hit up BRGR all within a couple days of one another! Impressed by local food critic/bitter Betty AKA CHINA MILLMANs review for The Pittsburgh Post Gazette we decided to stop by and stuff our faces! Hubby and I went Saturday night at 6pm. We were seated right away and had already reviewed the menu via the critics column. I knew right away if I would be noshing on red meat (a rarity for me) I was going to the top of the line - the Kobe burger! Hubby had the short rib burger and we split a order of fries and onion rings.Sides: Onion rings were textbook perfect. Batter was even and crunchy. Ratio of all parts was harmonious. Fries were solid but not amazing or life changing. Instead, a solid counterpart.Kobe: Juicy, rich, luxurious, velvety...I fell in love with it! Bun was so perfect and sturdy and flavorful. It was a food slut moment. I ate like a person possessed!Shake of the Day: "What Girls Are Made Of" ANSWER = Pumpkin Pie Spice and Egg Nog? Totally off base - flavors were not unique rather a disappointing reminder of holiday punch. I regret not trying the salty caramel.Summary: Great casual bar with wonderful food. Brgr is not full of itself. This place is serving great food in a relaxed, fun, family friendly bar and I will come back!
5	Three words - I loved it! I loved the vibrant atmosphere, filled with burgers and fries and tall tumblers of shakes with ambient lighting and customers of all ages and kinds of groups. The food is delicious! I got a shroomz (mushroom, brie, some kind of mustard dressing) and my companion got the kind with guacamole and jalapenos. The fries are crisp (pretty close to pomme frites) and sprinkled with herbs and parmesan. I am not sure what is there not to like about BRGR! I think the place adds awesome and much needed twist to Pittsburgh's American cuisine. Well if you do not like guacamole on your burger, then may be this place is not for you. However, if you appreciate the line of contemporary resturants like Avenue B, Salt, Elements, etc. go to BRGR and enjoy! Oh for those non-Shadysiders, parking is free in the covered lot by Fedex, Plum, Borders, etc. Don't go to the paid lot on the other side on Highland. Also it gets really busy, so go on a weekday if you can. Otherwise, totally worth the wait.
4	New Blog Post: Review of @BRGRpgh. Bon Appetit! http://tinyurl.com/4zcfbaq
3	We visited on a Wednesday. I had the 'Button Buster' Burger and my son had a cheeseburger. The burgers were cooked perfectly and just like we ordered.  My biggest complaint was the service. Some of the wait staff were flying back and forth and some seemed to be walking in circles. My solution is to have the great servers train the newer ones so that everyone gets the same great experience.
3	you can get fat here. seriously. between beef, fries and giant sized alcoholic milkshakes.. ..just change the typeface on the logo.. geezus PAPYRUS FONT IS ONE STOP SHORT OF THE GODAWFUL COMIC SANS  and what a graphic design letdown! otherwise the food, is good. the fries are tasty and my kobe beef burger was so perfect, the meat was the grade that i paid for, cooked exactly how i asked, each single bite a perfect dissolution of velvety fat and juice in my mouth.. i even ate the bun it was so good. not sure about anything else cos well, didnt have room for much else. I do wish the beer was cheaper.. 4 dollars for a yeuingling is highway robbery in this town - in the summer, with the windows open and the roof patiothis place will be awesome... I liked the 2redlounge that used to be there before, and I hope BRGR is smart enough to take advantage of the rooftop and great stone bar - and offer a alluring happy hour with food compliments, which i do not see as an option yet... the decor has not changed significantly since 2redlounge.. but who cares. its burgers =)
3	Whr r th vwls?ftr vstng Brgr thr tms, 'm rdy t rvw t. Frst tw vsts wr mzng. Brgr's vrty s ncrdble - ntrgng cmbntns nd frd pckls tht r t d fr. Dtctd blndnss whn wnt n Thrsdy nght ths wk. Dn't gt m wrng - t's stll gd, jst nt lf-ltrng.Hv t stp wrtng ths rvw. Thght t'd b fnny, bt 'm gttng hdch.
4	Food was yum, drinks were strong, and service was great. Wish that menu was a little bit larger, but overall liked Brgr.
4	I went to Brgr tonight and had the "Fire in the Hole" Burger.  All in all it was really good - I did occasionally taste a salmon flavor.  So I assumed that perhaps someone that had recently made the salmon burger was assembling my burger.  But other than that it was really good - it was medium well as I requested and it was spicy which was a plus.  I ate the whole thing and enjoyed every bite, other than the salmon tasting ones - which were about 4 bites.  You have to order fries separately which I did, and shared with the people I was with.  The fries were crisp and perfectly seasoned to my taste.  I would recommend this place.  I'm glad I checked it out.
4	This place is actually pretty awesome, but I feel like we managed to come at a perfect moment, just before the mad rush that forced people to wait for an hour, while I luxuriated like Caesar on a comfy couch stuffing my face with delight.  Waiting anywhere sucks, and BRGR doesn't have quite enough room to fit the herd of people that were forced to wait in the cramped entry way.  I imagine if I had to wait an hour for a burger, I'd be inclined to bitch about the font choice on the sign as well.  But as I said, we had to wait for about three minutes for our glorious table.  As the sign would suggest, this place is primarily a burger joint, though it does have an excellent bar.  I'd recommend the Button Buster for your burger, and a Scotty Karate beer to accompany.  The addition of flat screens doesn't really seem to fit in with the rest of decor.  For the most part, it seems to be striving for a high end, jacket required type of restaurant, and on the other hand, you can watch women's basketball.  Service was very good for how busy it ended up getting, with a special shout out to the animated male host who was our initial welcome into the joint.  Recommended for a group of four or more.  Don't take a first date there.  We watched several awkward couples trying to politely wrap their mouths around gargantuan burgers.  OH!  And try an alcoholic milkshake, because, we're all going to die from something, and it might as well be from a novelty drink.
3	Poor Brgr! I went here about a week after I went to the new Wingharts burger joint down in Market Square. I think Brgr would have held up in the bigger better burger contest if I had tried this burger first. Since it was after Wingharts KILLER char-grilled burger deliciousness, it's sadly going to get a much lower rating. Don't get me wrong, the shroomz burger at brgr (I had to...) was tasty, but it just doesn't hold a pickle to this other burger. And by pickle, I mean the tiny little gherkin they perch on the top of Brgr's burgers. The thing I will rave about was the boozy milkshakes. I wish it was humanly possible to slurp down 5 of these like you can any other delicious cocktail, but really, that's not humanly possible without feeling like you're going to die. I got the boozy Almond milkshake, which had Ameretto and Kahlua mixed in with ice cream. To top that off, there was sugary almond treats at the bottom. My heaven would include these milkshakes being served at the pearly gates entrance! The service initially was so so. I had called earlier in the day to try and reserve a table for our party of 15. The person on the phone was a little pissy and told me they don't take reservations. I said, well I just want to let you know then that we have this large party coming in. He said, and I quote, that they only had 70 seats, with some being couches and two tops. Those 15 seats would take up most of their seating. I'm no mathematician, but really dude?! Do they not understand that we'll be spending a lot of money, especially with the part of the crew that likes to overindulge on the booze. So we get there and the hostess, and what I assume are the manager, are just walking back and forth around an L shaped area of seats and a longer set of seats. I went up to them and was like....we'll squish, just put that long set of tables together. I worked at a restaurant for 5 years, I picked a thing or two up I suppose. After that, service was just fine! I would totally go to Brgr again and space out my boozy milkshake intake after a meal, but I'm not sure I would come back JUST for a Burger. So for Brgr I say no burger but a round of boozy milkshakes for ALL!!
4	Finally got a chance to eat here and I'm pleased. The burger itself was probably the best tasting burger I've had in town. I got it well done and it wasn't burnt to a crisp or dried out. I like the bread they use. I requested crispy bacon and they did not disappoint. I believe there were 3 slices of bacon too, a lot of places skimp and only give you two. My only gripe was the white cheddar cheese I got was bland...I might request an extra slice next time.The fries were nothing to write home about, and not really worth $4 extra IMO. I'll try the onion rings next time. I got a salted caramel (non-alc) milkshake and it was pretty amazing (thanks to Dave & Andy's ice cream) and plenty big enough to share. Our service was very friendly. The decor is great.My only major dislike of the place is that they say no substitutions or additions to their burgers. The recipes all sound great, but I'm a rather picky person. My husband had the Shrooms burger, but he thinks it would be great with blue cheese instead of brie. Well, no can do. There's nothing wrong with having unique recipes that you don't want to mess with, but I think if you're going to do that you should also have an a la carte, build your own burger option.I likely won't come back again on a Sunday afternoon though because there were way too many kids in here. Why do people bring their kids here? Come on, it's expensive. Go to Applebee's or something so we adults can enjoy a nice adult atmosphere. Good grief.
2	I really like the concept of Brgr and the menu sounds great on paper.  But Brgr is sort of like the new age pizza joint that is everywhere.  The toppings and menu are fantastic and the decor is nice, but they gloss over the most important thing: the basic foundation.I ordered the "Button Buster" which is a burger topped with braised short ribs, white cheddar cheese, bearnaise, and "crispy onions."  The crispy onions turned out to be house-made onion rings which was a pleasant surprise!  That's about the only good thing I can say about this burger.  The braised short ribs were rather tough and not flavorful at all.  The bread at this place is definitely not house-made, which is surprising considering that it's an up-scale burger joint, and is bad and dry.The worst part?  The burger itself.  Three of us ordered med-rare burgers and ALL of them were WELL DONE.  I mean, c'mon, even Red Robin and Denny's can do better than that.  Could it have been a misplaced order?  Not likely considering the wooden toothpick skewering my dry, dry burger said "MED RARE."  After my first bite, I lifted the bun so I could cut into the burger to check the center.  To my surprise, it looked like the cook had already done that, confirmed that it was to his/her liking, and still served it to us overcooked.We also tried the spiked shakes which were quite tasty but that's a given with Dave and Andy's.  I wish there had been more milkshake like at a diner where a typical milkshake is really 3x the volume necessary.I'm not sure if our burgers were a fluke as the restaurant was pretty busy for a Sunday evening.  So I'd suggest going to Brgr at a really off-hour, like maybe 3pm on a weekday, so that you have the kitchen's entire attention.  Or if you prefer well-done burgers, then this place may be okay for you.
4	Pretty cool place and burgers are outstanding. I've had many top notch burgers and their burger rates in my top 5 (as a reference point my #1 is the burger at Minetta Tavern in NYC).
2	My salmon sandwich was good, as were the fries which you do get a lot of but after I tipped, the bill came to almost $17! Also, the bun was super generic, perhaps from Giant Eagle? Give me a choice of bread for the price you're charging! The menu could have been a little more innovative; to say the least; I think they're playing it safe like so many restaurants around here do. As it turns out, BRGR is also the name of a restaurant chain in New York, but unlike the Brgr in Pittsburgh, which says nothing about organic and grass-fed on their web-site, New York's BRGR only uses grass-fed and organic AND the prices are the same if not less expensive. The sad thing is, this restaurant will probably do well because most Pittsburghers naively accept over-priced mediocre food being disguised as something high end and special. Just look at Nakama.
3	Went here expecting to get a really tasty burger.  And sadly it was just OK.  Nothing really special about the Shroomz burger in the flavor department.  However, I really did like that they had a great beer selection and I would be willing to go back and try a few different things on their menu as they seem creative.  However, keep in mind, this place is no In-n-Out Burger or even a Ruby's Diner.
5	Fave burger in Pittsburgh!The preparations are a little wacky, but just go fir it, dive right in.I'll go back and get something totally off the wall.  the Truffle Cheese Wiz is made in house, you should eat it.
4	Great atmosphere, beautiful wide tables, delicious condiments (ketchup, mustard, cheez wiz, etc all taste hand made), awesome boozy milkshakes w/ Dave & Andy's ice cream, perfect onion rings.  Perfect place to catch up with friends with a nice relaxed atmosphere.Burgers are just OK (7.5 of 10) but everything else is so comfortable, modern, and well done that its a pleasure to eat here.
5	Put simply: I'll be returning to BRGR.What an incredible menu of all my favorite things.  I had the Button Buster and a Bourbon Cherry spiked shake.  WHEN I return I will definitely be trying those fries out.The wait was long (but worth it).  The cool thing though was they took my cell # and texted me when the table was ready.  We went down to the bar down the street while we waited.  Awesome.
3	I finally got my fried pickles! Brgr is bustling with the young professional crowd. Clean modern decor with booths and swirling metallic wall art, a place to mingle with friends, and dim lighting that always adds an air of privacy.We arrived around 6:30pm on a Saturday evening, I was prepared for open tables but we were put on the, hold for it... 1hour wait! Wow! Isn't Brgr Pop pop pop POPULAR. We decided to wait for the rest of our party and have a seat at the bar. The beer selection is interesting, I had a Guinness draft, usually my beer of choice because it is supposed to be the "Healthy beer" right? Plus it tastes great with savory grilled burgers!The rest of our party was running late so when they came to get us and they had not yet arrived they kept us at the top of the list. We struck up a conversation with the bartender while we people watched. One of the managers was walking around like he was some sort of FBI agent. He was Intense and had us giggling! John was the bartender, formerly from Ceviche downtown, so so happy to run into him because he makes a mean Caipirinha. Best in the burgh that I have tried. When warmer weather roles around I'll be packing my sugar in the Raw packets(they only have simple syrup at Brgr...Ick) and caling ahead to see if John is there to muddle me that tart, exhilarating summer drink.The couple we were meeting are great friends of the executive Chef so we were sat instantly and ordered right away. I had the fried pickles as my starter. They came out in a short metal cup. They come with 2 pickles one big, one small. Hmm not very impressive. I took a photo. My 1st fried pickle experience didn't have me begging for more. I let everyone sample them and our couple ordered them too. I thought the grease in the batter was slightly off. My Brgr knocked my socks off! Wow really bees knees! Juicy, tender, with the hint of that smokey char grilled taste. Braised beef short ribs on the "Button Buster" white cheddar, crispy onion perfection. Fries sold separately, they have a truffle cheese wiz and a truffle aioli (the aioli not on the menu) that had me licking my fingers! Must have!Our friends had the Kobe beef brgr and next time I would like to try, possibly with fois gras! Interesting. For dessert I sampled the Chocolate Covered Cherry shake, it tastes exactly like those old time chocolates given to grandma. I was so full that I had no room for dessert! I can't wait to bring J and sit on the rooftop patio! Notes: Valet parking $3, Get there early because it's busy, ask for separate checks beforehand because they didn't want to split them afterward
5	I personally love Brgr!The 'adult' shakes are always a good way to start or end a meal.I have been there multiple times and have tried almost everything on the menu.  I do have a few favorites:Gobble-Gobble burger; which is like eating thanksgiving in a burger.  The combination of the turkey burger, stuffing patty, pickled green beans and the cranberry sauce, make a perfect burger that doesn't leave you feeling to stuffed and is great cold!Amore burger: is a beef and pork burger kinda like a meatball and topped with marinara sauce and two fried mozzarella sticks.  It sounds like a fatty burger but it fills the body with happiness.I love their skinny fries which come in a basket big enough to share with at least 4 people.  Their onion rings are perfect and taste great with their brgr sauce.There is normally a wait on weekend nights but it is open from lunch to dinner so if you're in the mood for an early dinner I say GO For it!!Great place with friendly staff.  I love this place, and I love it more since its walking distance to my house :)
3	Burgers are pretty good, and alcoholic shakes are always tasty. But honestly, you can't screw those up easily. I love the atmosphere and the upstairs. Twenty-somethings in the eve, families earlier in the day. My only gripe is that host. Honestly, I can't even remember ever making an opinion on a host but that guy is really an ass. Overall, rec'd if you're in the area but if you live north- Burgatory.
3	I've been to BRGR twice now, and I gotta say it is an all-around solid place to get a burger and boozy shakes. The Kobe beef burger is my favorite for its delicious simplicity. They do tend to overcook--my medium rare was pink, not red, so I ordered rare on the second visit--perfect! Otherwise, it was great and my dining companions on both occassions were happy with their food as well. The fries were not that good and get a pass from me. Shakes, on the other hand, were so filling that we didn't really need an appetizer anyway.BRGR could be even better with just a little more creativity on the menu. None of the burgers sounded particularly mind-blowing, and the appetizer choices were various takes on the aforementioned medocre fries, as well as chips and fried pickles. Yawn. More shake options wouldn't be bad either. Also, the bottom of the menu reads: "Please no substitutions or additions"...really? This is a burger place...and you don't want people to be able to customize their food? Give me a break.I really am looking at about 3.5 stars here because I did enjoy eating here and will almost certainly be back again. But I'm giving it 3 stars because overall I did not feel that the food was truly worth the money here. I'm thinking that I'll have to try another of the "gourmet burger" places in town soon because I know we can do better than this!
4	It was a really nice Saturday afternoon here in the 'Burgh, this spring has yet to be nice, so I was taking advantage of the nice weather and having a meal out where I could eat al fresco. BRGR came to mind, I have passed by this place and knew they lifted the garage style door on nice days, and sure enough it was opened. My big complaint with this location is parking, DO NOT park in the garage located across the street from BRGR, you will be towed, signs clearly mark read "parking for East side only", BRGR is on the west side.....* grumble* I found street parking, and put 4 quarters in the meter, yes meters are watched on Saturdays!Forget everything I've said about bland, boring, fall apart vegan burgers, BRGR has got it right, and wow, with a burst of great flavor. I had the Tree Hugger, awesome name and very flavorful! A falafel style burger that came on a baguette with pickled cucumber, roasted red pepper, and tomato. Delish, and Jamie, fellow vegetarian friend of Joe, had the tree hugger as well, only he had it with the parmesan fries (4 bucks al a cart) which he said were outrageously good. I had my burger with the best cole slaw (3 bucks al a cart) ever, very course cut cabbage with golden raisins, celery seed, carrots, caraway seed, and a wonderful sweet vinegar slaw dressing that makes primanti bros slaw seem like swill. The falafel burger goes great with any of the IPA's they offer on draft. Something about an IPA with the flavors of cumin, indescribably good. The decor is awesome, this place would look great in NYC, San Fran, LA, or any big city, but I'm happy they are here. Very big city looking without being snobby.Well, after eating eating here, this totally throws my burger loyalty out the window, BRGR is my restaurant of choice now!
3	Some coworkers and I came here for lunch last week, to order "A burger, hold the vowels."  We were seated right away around noon on a weekday, but there was a pretty decent sized lunch crowd.  The door/window thing was open so we got a nice breeze - it can make it chilly if it isn't a warm day outside, so bring a sweater!Our server was friendly, and was nice about waiting to take our order until our last friend came about 10 minutes later.  We desperately wanted alcoholic milkshakes, but stuck with water since we were on the clock - pity.  So we decided to split some side dishes, which came out first as appetizers.  We got the "BRGR fries with truffle cheese whiz," and the "Housemade chips with crack dip."  Yes, crack dip.  Apparently it does not contain real crack, so don't be afraid.The sides were okay - I love French fries in all situations, but the "truffle cheese whiz" didn't add much to it.  I'm not really a big fan of processed cheese food, even if "truffles" are involved. I prefer plain old ketchup.  Fries were totally decent, with a little smattering of herbs and parmesan on top.  The potato chips were tasty and freshly fried, but the crack dip was essentially more cheese whiz, only this time they added sriracha instead of "truffle."  It tasted pretty much the same to me as the truffle cheese whiz, and its neon-orange nacho cheese appearance was not really appealing.  So I say if you're getting sides, avoid anything with cheese.  Sides can easily be shared between several people - the four of us couldn't finish the chips and fries between us.I'm being weird and healthy lately, so I decided not to get a regular beef burger.  I asked the server which was the best of the non-beef burgers, and he suggested the Asian-flavored tuna burger, aka the "Love You Long Time."  Really?  Can't say if I was Asian I'd be a huge fan of that title (imagine ordering matzo ball soup and it being called "big nose take all your money" soup).  Anywaaaay, you can order it seared rare or cooked through - get it rare, tuna cooked all the way through is not yummy.  There's some avocado in there, also wasabi, sweet soy, pickled cucumber and daikon, and "chili aioli" which was a pretty creamy, somewhat spicy sauce.It was all pretty good, had lots of flavor, but it was a bit heavy.  I guess I'd hoped for more sushi-on-a-bun, but the creamy sauce and somewhat messy toppings made the meal seem a bit rich.  Still, I ate most if it before I got full. Didn't think it was worth taking home.The restaurant itself is nicely decorated and sunny.  I'd like to come back this summer for a boozy milkshake and a beef burger.  Oh, it's a wee bit pricey as well, I think the prices are better suited for dinner, so keep that in mind.  And watch out for the rcst brgrs.
3	Pretty solid falafel veggie burger that they make in-house, for all of you vegetarians out there. The regular burgers looked great too and my friends comments also support that. Our group got several baskets of various fried things, all of which were very tasty. I hear they also have an extensive menu of milk shakes that are good, but I didn't try any myself.Trendy decor and dining accouterments, even if I thought it pretentious that the name of the restaurant is actually "B" "R" "G" "R" and not "burger". This restaurant is right next to Spoon, and both are owned by the same person(s) and share kitchens Similar to my experience with Six Penn Kitchen, I took a colleague here for lunch as a farewell for good luck in his new job he was moving on to. BRGR was a great place to go for the occasion and it had a nice atmosphere. The front of the building has garage doors, so I imagine those get opened in the summer months.
4	well we ended up here on a whim. we tried to go to nola in market square but it was PACKED. not in the mood for thatbrgr fit in perfect. once again it all starts amazing valets (apparently love  a f250 diesel more then fancy cars) and a 10 minute wait on a friday perfect!we grabbed a beer from the bar 2 pabst 12 oz cans for 2 dollars.sounds good in my book! also seemed like they had a different variety of beer then your typical restaurant .as soon as we opened the beer we were seated up stairs on the rooftop patio. very good for people watching.quite the perfect night for patio seating as well!we placed our order with a very very very good waitress which i forgot to see what her name was on the bill. i got the devonshire which is a turkey burger with roasted turkey leg ontop of the burger and bacon and a sauce that tied everything together. this burger was amazing in every way not one complaint juicy. tasteful.spiced just right. my girlfriend got the shroom  burger she said it was really good but i didnt try it. also got an order of fries which were also done to perfection!they are tossed with parm cheese and parsley.all and all i was very very happy with the pricing the quality and a perfect night for dinner on their balcony.this place blows burgatory out of the water but i think tesarros still holds its own because of the different approach to the burgers.
5	Have been here several times, and each time is a delight!  I love the beer selection and spiked milkshakes.  Terrific!Food quality is a 4-star.  Options for vegetarians and pescatarians aren't all that great, but hey, its a "Brgr" joint!Service is always friendly.
3	Nice ambience, casual, tasty, and good value. the food is good for its price, but if it were a dollar more, would perhaps be not worth it. the burgers are inventive and cooked to perfection, but not a tessaro's burger surely. the beer selection would be enhanced by weekly changes or some kind of gimic to draw crowds. service was untrained and aloof. the "truffle parmesan cheese fries" were such a lie. melted "nacho" cheese sauce with barely any truffle oil and mozzarella cheese grated on top; you cannot fool me. just get some parmesan and some truffle oil and stop fooling with this cheese whiz business. the natrona bottling company sodas were a throw back and nice gesture, but needless to say, I will wait for a tessaros burger. go for the value.
3	I had a hard time rating this place.So much was a clear 5 about it; the atmosphere, the roof top patio, the boozey shakes and floats. It was all good!What fell flat for me, was the burger itself, which is a shame when your place is called Brgr. First the good on the burger; the buns are amazing, toasted to perfection, and the ingredients are clearly fresh. What fell flat then? I mid-rare burger without a trace a pink, and lack of creativity, and more importantly texture and zip in the toppings.I will indeed be back for their post 10pm specials which include a cheap average Joe burger and deals on their wonderfully creative ice-cream and liquor cocktails. I also want to try the lamb burger. I will update my review after another visit.
4	The burgers here are good but huge! I tried the button buster which had just the right combination of sweet and tangy. The burger has braised beef short rib an onion ring and bearnaise aioli. The Flavor combinations just awesome. My friend got the salmon burger which was equally delicious. If you like burgers and a fun, kind of trendy atmosphere, you should definitely check this place out.
3	Brgr has imaginative tasty burgers.  BUT, for a $13 burger I expect more.  The portions are small.  The food is greasy.  The prices create an expectation of a higher end experience.  The food is tasty, but they really need to take the atmosphere and dishes to a higher level to justify their prices.  If I want a gourmet burger, I'd choose Burgatory at the waterworks instead.
3	I have mixed feelings about Brgr.  My husband ranks this burger joint in his top 5 list. Me- not so in love (at least with the burger).  Pros: Cool atmosphere and vibe, generous portions (if that's a good thing- not sure), crispy fries and friendly staff.Choose a more interesting burger- the braised rib burger, one with caramelized onions, and an interesting dressing or cheese makes for a yummy experience. (ie. what my husband orders)Cons: If you like a juicy burger, you have to order the burger medium rare.  Medium doesn't have any pink color and all the juices are gone.  This has been tested a couple of times, so not just my bad luck.  The basic cheeseburger is bland, especially if the burger is overcooked. I will try again, but my patience is wearing a little thin...
5	Best burger in Pittsburgh (yes that means better than over rated Tessaro's).  I had the Average Joe with cheddar and bacon, which was quite delightful.  To me, what makes the burger is the bun, great bun!  I also ordered some fry's to split with my wife, they were tasty as well.  Burger, fry's and a couple black and tans (not the Yuengling kind, but the real thing) how can you go wrong?  The atmosphere is cool, we sat by the open garage door/windows so we could people watch and enjoy the nice weather.  I think I will be returning soon and frequently.
4	We have been back to Brgr several times since my last review.  It was packed this past Wednesday evening. The food was excellent. Really good and served nice and hot.  I had the Oi Vey Burger which was fried egg, pastrami, cheese on the Burger. Wow.  The wait staff handle the huge rush of patrons really well. Our server was excellent despite the fact he had to big tables that all wanted separate checks (I hate that-embarrassing).  My only gripe this time is that the music was far too loud outside. We couldn't hear each other to have a conversation. The music was actually great, but too loud.
4	I'm upgrading my rating to 4 stars after my most recent BRGR visit.1. My Kobe burger was probably about 50% bigger than it has been on previous occasions. That alone may be worth the extra star, since that was my biggest issue with BRGR (other than that whole, no customizations thing, which still stands).2. The fries are still just alright. But my friend coaxed me into trying the truffled cheese whiz, which I was a bit skeptical of. Even though I love truffle anything, I'm picky when it comes to fake cheese sludge. Turns out, BRGR's fake cheese sludge is dangerously addictive. I think I'm in love.3. The food presentation actually matches the ambiance. The new wire baskets are way sleeker than the red plastic Chipotle-esque ones they were using before.4. Banana milkshakes!! I now have a flavor to get excited about!Congratulations for finally getting on top of your game, BRGR!
3	Living nearby, I've been to Brgr several times now.  Unfortunately, my first visit was the best-the others have been pretty average.  During our most recent visit, my husband and I decided it would be our last.  There are just better choices out there.  I'm not going to pay $10 for a burger that only covers a portion of my bun or that is clearly overcooked.  And we're in Pittsburgh here.  Where are the fresh, hand-cut fries?  If I want thin fries that came out of the freezer-I'll stop at McDonalds.
2	Eh. Maybe I was expecting too much? Overall, this place was a letdown, though closer to 2.5 than 2. Let's review, shall we?Pros: 1. They text you when your table is ready. I like not having to stick within 10 feet of the host, especially in a crowded space like Brgr.2. Spiked Milkshakes. Seriously, this was pretty much the only redeeming factor. These things are the bomb-diggity. Salted Caramel and The Dude (think White Russian) are to die for. Prepare for multiple brain freezes.3. They can cook meat to the requested temperature. Sadly, this can be a rare quality, and Brgr nailed a Med Rare, Med, and a Med Well.4. The fries were good, and the truffle cheese whiz was OK.Cons:1. Our server sucked. I won't go into the details, but she was a space cadet.2. The fried pickles are spears, and they're nothing to write home about. Especially since they're, like, $1/spear.3. My Kobe burger was just OK. Honestly, I took 2 bites, and was done.  I didn't get onions on mine since another burger at the table requested no onions, and there was barely any bleu cheese. The whole thing was dry.4. It's expensive.I'll try you again, BRGR, and hopefully we can go up a star or two next visit.
2	Since I have been here twice now; once during a busy Friday night and once during a regular weekday dinner, I feel I can more accurately review this place.  (And since having a burger at Burgatory - I had to come back and take away another star)Yes, SOME burgers are as amazing as everyone is claiming; however, it's other areas that only make me give it 2 stars.The service is hit or miss.  Busy Friday night, don't expect to see your server all that much because they get busy.  Plus, the first time we were there, we were directed to go upstairs by the hostess because our "table was ready". When we got upstairs, all 3 servers acted as if we were the next inconvenience and there wasn't a "table ready".Also, if you are sitting upstairs, you can't start off with an appetizer because the food runner only makes one trip per table, and everything will come out at once.Sitting downstairs, you can enjoy a Pre-meal app.The menu changes.  I am all for change, but you definitely can't go back for a "favorite" if a particular burger really won you over.  We went back for "The Devonshire" to only see it's absence from the menu.Also, if you're famished, like can EAT A BURGER famished, sadly, this isn't your place.  The pricey burgers don't come with sides and are presented in a basket with paper.  A side of chips or fries to add to your burger are $4+; so you may be more likely to share if you're on a budget.  Both times, I have left still hungry because there is A LOT of bun on those burgers, and sharing a side of (cold) "homemade chips" doesn't cut it.  Plus, for what we pay, I at least expect a bit more creativity in the presentation besides a burger basket.And I won't lie - I think the TVs downstairs are really tacky and totally take away from the ambiance.  They have this sleek and modern interior that totally gets lost with everyone's necks craning upwards to watch TV.  Is it a sports bar or a restaurant?  I'm confused...This is a great place to get a "bite" to eat, especially if you're craving a quality, yet very creative burger - this can be your place.  However, if you still want a good burger, but a MEAL that will leave you bursting your buttons, go to Buffalo Blues, Tessaro's or Burgatory.
3	Burger wars!! Let's dive in to the battle eh.Brgr has a nice ambiance to it; casual, sophisticated but not too pretentious. TV's spaced out so you can catch a game; they even had Fox Soccer  Channel on!  There's upstairs outdoor seating but it seems to fill up pretty quickly. I came here on a random weeknight and we were able to get seating for two without a wait.Service is a little slow and the server forgot to bring out my drink until we were halfway through the burgers. There's a pretty broad selection of burgers and I wish I had gotten something more exotic. Both of us got the kobe beef burger, which was cooked nicely (I prefer a medium for burgers). It had a nice crunch and the bun held up. The fries were good and the cheez whiz sauce was delicious! I don't know what they did to the ol' standby cheez whiz but it was excellent.Overall, I don't know that Brgr does anything to truly distinguish itself. I'll be more than happy to come back and try it again but in one sitting, the fare didn't impress me the way Wingharts and Tessaro's instantly did. (Note to self to try the milkshakes next time as that might up the star rating by one if as good as reviewed on Yelp).In the Pittsburgh burger wars betwixt Brgr, Tessaro's, Wingharts, I think Brgr comes in third. No shame in losing out to those two joints as Brgr does produce a decent quality burger anyway.
4	Looking at their menu, I was a little skeptical about how good their burgers would be, but I was glad that everything went better than expected.I got the Button Buster and my dinning partner got the Kobe Beef burger.  We requested it medium and medium rare, respectively, and they came out right on point.  Nicely done, brgr.  The best thing about these burgers were the buns.  They did not come out soggy (looks like someone rested their meat before plating!  Yes!), which is a huge bonus in my book.  Soggy buns are disgusting.  Their buns also withstood the manhandling they had to endure while being devoured.  Another huge bonus for not falling apart.The shoestring fries weren't the best fries I've ever had, but they were plenty better than school cafeteria fries.  :pWe also got the daily special milkshake which was vanilla peanut butter.  It was amazing!  Probably one of the better milkshakes I've had in my time.
3	Went to Brgr Saturday night after discovering Wingheart's was not opened at the time. They surprisingly were not busy so we went up to the roof for seating. Service was fantastic. Immediately we were greeted and our waitress rocked. Didn't leave us hanging, checked in on us periodically and didn't dilly dally.My boyfriend ordered the turkey burger and I ordered the fire in the hole burger along with a side of the parmesian fries. I ordered mine medium rare which looked more medium so there was enough juice. The peppers and the guacamole added nice flavor though the meat itself was bland so those fixings carried the burger. Nice buns! The fries were good though a little over done.
4	Looking to try something new, Jenn G and I decided on BRGR for lunch due to its proximity to my house and the fact I needed to be picked up like a 12 year old.The place was decently busy for a Friday afternoon, but we definitely had our pick of where to sit. We decided on the upstairs deck to take advantage of the warm (but rainy) weather.I went with the Kobe burger and was really happy with the decision. There were enough toppings to keep things interesting, but it was still very manageable to eat without making a mess of myself and the table.We split the Parmesan fries which I'm mixed on. The fries themselves were perfectly prepared, but the Parmesan? Just a few shavings over the top, not even melted.Slight fry disappointment aside, I will be returning to BRGR for sure.
4	Brgr... you are trendy in some of the worst ways, but I love your food.  Brgr does two out of the four things listed here: http://theoatmeal.com/blog/restaurant_popularIt has an obnoxious name, and they refuse to do substitutions.  Why? What will make it SOOOO hard for your cooks to change it up a little bit? It's just offensive.  Brgr, you are a stubborn restaurant.However, the food is great.  The fries leave a little to be desired, but the burgers definitely don't.  And the spiked shakes? Oh lawdy yes.  They're crazy expensive, but SO DELICIOUS.Brgr is a place to go.  I just wish they'd drop the obnoxious name and the flexibility issues.
2	I went to Brgr for the first time a few days after it opened and have a mediocre burger and awful service.  I was really excited after reading reviews which implied that the service had been improved and that the menu has been changed.  I tried it again this past Friday night.  First off...the positives:  1.  The service (at the tables) has ABSOLUTELY improved!  We had a party of 8 and had very attentive waiters.  The bartenders still need some improvement.  2.  The rooftop seating is really beautiful.  This place gets an A+ for atmosphere.  Unfortunately, the negatives outweighed the positives:  1.  The bartender was still disapointing.  He made several mistakes, and one resulted in me paying for a $7+ bottled beer instead of the half off draft that I actually ordered.  He also forgot that my friend had already paid her tab and wanted her to pay twice.  2.  The menu is, in my opinion, way too small.  They only have a few shake combinations, which compared to Burgatory is very disapointing.  Also, they do not allow any substitutions on their burgers.  PLEASE PLEASE add a make your own burger!  3.  I have not had a beef burger at Brgr. I think if you have a turkey burger or a salmon burger on your menu, it should be high quality, just like your beef burgers.  If these nonbeef burgers are going to be afterthoughts, please don't have them as choices!  I had the turkey burger this time, and the burger was much smaller than the bun, with the toppings (avacado, mayo, sprouts) completely overwhelming the flavor of the turkey, which after I took everything off of it was actually decent.Overall, I think that the food is a bit overpriced, and that the quality of the non-beef burgers are much lower than other burger joints in the area.  Harris Grill and Burgatory have much better turkey burgers, and Burgatory completely surpasses Brgr when it comes to choices.  I probably will not try Brgr again, but if I do, I will make sure to stick with beef.
2	I've given BRGR enough recommendations. Working at a store on Walnut street I have sent a lot of customers out to their location. I typically have a good experience there. Normally I just go with my girlfriend and the experience is great. However today I went with a party of 6 to show how nice it is, how good the shakes are, and just how the comments about them being snobby are false. Well, today proved me wrong in every way. I went in and we waited at the bar for our party to all get there (that is normal). But when my party arrived, I went to the hostess and said our party was here and she said give me 5 minutes to get your table set up. I wait 5 minutes and walk upstairs to the open air roof. No table... No wait staff even expected us. While sitting there, we all ordered shakes and said no food right now. We got a look like, why are you even here? Then sitting close to the upstairs hostess, I hear her say to the downstairs staff; "Make sure the people you send up are ordering food."  We ordered side orders, but I did not go there to eat. I went only for their shakes.I know my friends and I spend more money drinking than eating. Especially when the shakes are $8 and the burgers are $12. We left shortly after hearing the comments from the staff because it was an environment we did not want to stay in.
2	I was really, really disappointed.  Nothing about this experience, save the pretty patio and the ho-hum milkshake, was good.I started off with the Salty caramel Bourbon milkshake.  It really got my hopes up that this would be a place to return to.  These positive feelings were soon crushed. The bourbon was prounounced and the ice cream was good.  It needed more vanillia bean flavor and more caramel.  I also did not like how thin it was, but I suppose that might have something to do with the extra liquid from the Bourbon.  I wish they served it in a more attractive glass with garnish, to really make me feel less of a jack ass for spending $8 on a shot and a half a milkshake.I had the 'Kobe' burger.  It was ok.  It was not worth $13, considering it did not come with fries.  The patty was well formed and the burger did have good structural integrity.  I ordered it rare (if it's real American Wagyu it should be eaten as close to raw as possible) and it made me sad.  the meat was really unevenly cooked.  Parts of it were well done and others were more towards medium.  Unacceptable.  The toppings were nothing to write home about.The boyfriend had the short rib burger.  It was even worse than mine.  The patty was poorly formed and started to fall apart as soon as he started to eat it.  He ordered it medium rare, but there was no pink to be found.   There was a quarter sized dollop of actual rib meat.  It was flavorful but it did not make up for how shitty the rest of it was.We split an order of the chips and 'crack sauce'.  I'm not sure they make the ships in house, but if they do, they had been sitting way too long.  I suspect they are actually DRRTY brand chips that they have the gaul to pour in a bowl and serve me for $5.  The sauce was  a joke.  It's caned cheese sauce like you would get on nachos at a baseball game with some canned peppers thrown it.  It was offensive to my palate and my sensibilities.   Severs/hosts in Pittsburgh must not smile.  It's been a running theme. I am baffled.  It's like they are actively trying to not be tipped.I would not go back.  I wouldn't have minded the prices if the food had been even passable.
4	Dear BRGR,Thank you for the delightful falafel burger I enjoyed here with friends the other day. I enjoyed it thoroughly, paired with the boozy salted caramel milkshake (which helped make my night 10 times better, thankyouverymuch) and the incredible shoestring french fries with truffle cheese wiz. Whoever came up with the truffle cheese wiz deserves a raise in my book!While I find your decorating and style to be a tiny bit... ohh, lacking?... I can forgive you since a little bird recently told me that you'd be doing a bit of an overhaul of your menu and ambiance. Hopefully this rumor holds true!What I must ULTIMATELY thank you for, however, is saving my boyfriend's fancy pair of Ray-Ban sunglasses that I'd given him as a gift for Christmas (he'd apparently left it behind at our table). Your service and assistance in our search proved successful and we triumphed in the end! No words can express our gratitude for your help.Sincerely,Stephanie T.
1	Good service, but overall bland and disappointing.Ordered a simple burger medium-rare, with dried blue cheese and bacon.  The burger was cooked to order, very pink inside.  However, it was bland and I could not taste anything other than the bread with the occasional bit of bacon. I tried it without the roll to see if that was holding something back, but wasn't.  There just was no taste to the meat, not even the blue cheese and bacon could save it.  And bacon can save a lot of things you can put bacon on cardboard and it would have made a better tasting burger.Fries were okay, even if slightly undercooked.Overall everything was just bland.Bland.
3	First off, I'm going to get this off my chest...I don't eat red meat or seafood and I'm allergic to mushrooms.  This left me with three burger options as there are no substitutions (as the menu ominously states).  And for that, I don't know if I want to applaud them for sticking true to the beef roots of burgers or think of it as poor business planning in a post-"Fast Food Nation" world.  Either way, I've went with some good ole 'Merican red-meat-eaters every time, who attested to the excellent in the beef patties.So I've tried three burgers personally (in ascending order of worse to best):-The Tree Hugger (falafel burger): Dry, tasteless, just about the worse falafel I've ever had.-The Locavore (lamb burger):  I think lamb is just not for me.  I don't blame the burger so much in this case since everyone else I was with who tried it, loved it. The relish was quite good and the mint was a nice touch.-California Lovin' (turkey burger): Overall, excellent.  I could have done with less alfalfa and more avocado though.The bread is uninspired, which is my main general burger compliant.  The pickle also made it a little soggy.  But put better buns around those burgers, and I will upgrade by a star in a second.The appetizers were all great and large enough to share amongst 2-4 people.  I strongly recommend the BRGR fries and the onion rings.The milkshakes would earn a 5-star review alone if this were a milkshake shop, but it's called BRGR so no go.  Here's the run-down: all excellent, boozy or not!  The Bourbon Cherry float was STRONG on first sip, since until the ice cream melted a bit not a whole lot of cherry soda could fit into the glass.  Luckily, the waitress left the soda bottle so I could fill as I went.  The Salty Caramel was also incredible, but the prize for best milkshake has to go for the White-Russian-In-Shake-Form called The Dude Abides.  It's not on the menu anymore (for shame!), but the staff is pretty cool about making it anyway if you ask.The decor was a little trying-too-hard-to-be-trendy.  It took about 5 minutes to seat a party of four at 7pm on a Saturday, but it was taking about 40+ minutes for groups that size as we were leaving around 8:30pm.
2	from its name, "BRGR bar" sounds like a bar/lounge that sells specialty burgers. from the way BRGR treats its customers, it's a snobby expensive restaurant that turns away paying customers for no good reason.first time i went there, i came with a group of 7 people for dinner and drinks. we waited for about 30 or 45 minutes patiently waiting for our table (as other smaller groups got sat). then we saw 2 tables open up right next to each other and we asked if they could put them together.  they said NO, but couldn't give us a good reason why (they actually said they just couldn't move the tables). there was no one behind us in line. the only tables that could accomodate us were still eating and clearly wouldn't open up for awhile. the two adjacent smaller tables just sat empty for 10-15 minutes when finally, we got fed up and argued with them until they realized they had NO good reason for why they couldn't put the tables together and finally sat us.  it seemed like they initially didn't want to do it b/c they are too "good" to move tables around to accomodate patrons.the last time i went to BRGR, i tried to go there for drinks at around 9:30pm.  the restaurant area was mostly empty, 5-6 tables were open downstairs and who knows how many open on the patio.  no one was waiting in line.  we had a group of 4, but they refused to sit us because we only wanted drinks...they said we could sit at the bar (all the bar stools were taken). i said i "might" get an appetizer, but they still wouldnt sit us. we asked when we could get a table for drinks, they said around 11:30 or 12am.  two other larger groups came in at the same time, wanting to just sit and drink, and they wouldn't sit them b/c they weren't ordering food.  those groups left.  my group left and went down the road to mad mex (funny thing is, i actually ended up ordering food).  anyways, management needs to realize that they are supposed to be the more casual counterpart of Spoon. probably never going back.for the other stuff: -waitstaff service is good.-shakes are good.-the burgers are ehhhh and overpriced.
5	Great happy hour and fries are the best!!
5	My wife suggested that we have lunch here today....my first time at BRGR. I had the Cease and Desist burger with carmelized onions, American cheese and 1000 Island dressing with a side of onion rings. This is the best burger and the best rings I can remember ever having...bar none! The burger, cooked medium well, was perfectly cooked and combined with the toppings delivered a mouth pleasing experience! The burger was also sized right....not oversized to make up for inferior meat. The onion rings had a homemade crispy coating with a real circle of snappy onion. The restaurant was comfortable, not overly noisy(except for the chatty women at the next table) with two flat screens in my line of vision. Would it be wrong to have lunch and dinner here today? Doesn't matter....I'll be back often!
2	Taking its name into consideration, BRGR has surprisingly bad burgers.  I've been here twice, and both times I've left underwhelmed and disappointed.  I've noticed a trend with this place and Burgatory where there is a lot of talk about the fanciful and impressive burgers, but what I want with a burger is just delicious food.  Don't get me wrong-- I enjoy fussy burgers with lots of various toppings, but the actual beef has to good.Both times I've order burgers here, I've asked for medium-rare, and every time it comes out well-done.  The fries the first time were delicious, but the second time I came here, they were lukewarm, over-salted, and dry as if they'd been sitting under a heat lamp for too long.I think the two things that make BRGR a worthwhile trip are the alcoholic milkshakes and the rooftap terrace (only open in the Spring and Summer, I believe).  I doubt I'll ever get food here again, but if some friends want to relax under the sun/stars and get fat/drunk on some shakes, I'd suggest BRGR.  Random sidenote - did BRGR really pay for the rights to play the Rolling Stones song "Gimme Shelter" on their website?  I'm skeptical.
4	I went to Brgr last night with some friends. Before heading out I checked the reviews here. Some good, some bad, but working in the industry you're going to run into that no matter where you go. Here's my take: I got there first and told the host a table for 3 with the possibility of 4. After I was sat I got notice that it was going to be 6. One of the reviews talked about having a hard time getting a table for 7 because they wouldn't move the tables. Well, when I said that I was sorry but the number was now six, the host told me no problem and slid a table over to accommodate me. It all depends on when you go and honestly who you get. I went on a slow Monday. My server came over and started a nice conversation with me while I was waiting. I wanted to start off with a beer and then get into a spiked float and a spiked milkshake later on. She was able to give me her recommendations on her favorites and when I told her what I liked and didn't like she helped me narrow it down. I ordered some appetizers for when my friends did get there...homemade chips with their "crack" sauce and fried pickles. I ordered two of each and it was plenty for all of us at what I thought was a good price. Once my friends got there we ordered more drinks, I got the spiked cherry float, I like Maker's Mark so this was a good choice for me. It was a little strong but after a few sips I put more cherry soda in it and was able to dilute it enough. Right after that I asked for "The King" milkshake, I imagine named after Elvis' love for peanut butter banana sandwiches. This drink was so good I had to share it with my friends...after all was said and done I only got half of it. But I convinced one friend to get one too so I could have some of hers. I want another one right now. As for a burger, I had the Bison Wing, bison meat and chicken skin covered in buffalo sauce and bleu cheese and a carrot-cole slaw. I could have done without the slaw, but that's just me. I still ate every bite. The meat was cooked exactly the way I asked for it and looking around, I saw that everyone else was enjoying their meal as well. As soon as I got to work this morning, I told a couple guys that they had to bring their wives here and I am sure that I will be returning. So what I will tell you is that you should go. You're reading some reviews so you'll know what to expect and you can make your own opinion about the place. I, for one, like it.
5	I love the way this restaurant is set up.  The open air options and rooftop deck are a huge plus in my opinion.  Another great thing about this restaurant are the options.  It pleases the meat lover and vegetarian alike.  I have had the "Tree Hugger" burger:  lentil + falafel burger, hot + sour cucumbers, tomato, red onion,goat's milk yogurt  - it is so delicious that I feel guilty about eating a veggie burger!  I have also tried the "Love You Long Time" burger  - 5 oz Ahi tuna patty, avocado +wasabi puree, pickled cucumbers + daikon radish, chili aioli, sweet soy sauce -- since this is sushi grade tuna, i simply had it seared and it was AWESOME!  My boyfriend is a huge fan of the meat burgers... and we always get the fried pickles to share.  The salted caramel spiked shake is awesome and they have a great selection of beers too!
2	I was not impressed with their Buffalo Burger at all.  The service at our table was so/so, however, at the bar, they were pretty efficient and friendly.  I may be back for drinks, but not for food.
2	Food is fine but the atmosphere is not very good.  I was there on a Wednesday night.  There were kids and grandparents.  The music was top 40 hits from the 90s.  I think the drink are overpriced.  the upstairs seating does not have a good feel.  There is absolutely no reason to go to BRGR instead of Tessaro's.  Sorry for the poor review.
2	Too expensive for the burger.  Rather eat at Red Robin. More for your money
3	Alcoholic milkshakes, yup!!! Spiked shakes, as they like to call it. Diggin' the vibe. We sat at the bar and Allison was a fab bartender, extremely social, funny and informative. We were stuffed from dinner so we just headed in here to grab a milkshake... with locally made ice cream AND booze! I went with a classic of Salty Caramel: bourbon + sea salt caramel sauce + vanilla bean... yep! Do it!
4	It is a fan place to get your dinner.  Very good burgers and fries.  Service is fast and good.  Has a nice patio for the summer as well.  The only reason I am not giving it a 5 star rating is that it is just a burger place (though a good one).
2	After moving back to da burgh after living in South Florida, where diners made THE best burgers in that end of the third-world-state, I was really disappointed in my options for getting a REAL burger.  At first, Tessaro's was the place I found that made the best, but on my second trip there with my best friend, the service was APPALLING, and enough so to never return, but that's for a review for Tessaro's.Since the Tessaro's fiasco, the hunt has been on to find a good REAL burger.  The kind made with real meat, as opposed to the frozen hockey puck variety that most burgh joints pass off as a hamburger.  Well done, rare, or medium all end up looking grey and lifeless, and taste pretty much the same.A variety of new burger joints all kind of popped up at the same time, so we started trying them one by one as transportation has allowed it. We rely on public transit, so thanks to PAT and the moron Steve Bland, our choices have become extremely limited.Our first, and closest choice to try was BRGR.  First, we checked them out on the web.  Ok, looks a little pretentious. But the food 'sounds' good.  At least on paper.  There was one little glaring item on the site though that made me a little wary.  It was the picture of the burger.  Now, the picture of the burger itself wasn't the issue, but more the warning-of-things-to-come visual of the pickle on TOP of the burger.  That looked like a gherkin to me.  And gherkins aren't known for being large.  But in the picture, the gherkin almost crossed the entire bun.So we go to the restaurant, which is trying oh so hard to be all New York or LA chic, which in Pittsburgh just plays off as second rate pretentious.  This isn't kitsch or fun...it's just pretentious.So we sit down with the menu, and the waitress comes over with her nose slightly tilted toward the air.  (the busboy was two hundred times friendlier)  I tried to probe and tongue in cheek inquire about that pickle.  I explained to the little girl about my misgivings on seeing a gherkin stretched out across the bun in the image.  Her response was to blurt out a condescending...'It's a CORNICHON!'Well, whatever you want to call it sister, it's a TINY pickle, and it stretches almost the entire way across the bun.We ordered a Jalapeno burger each, one 'basket' of fries with 'truffle oil cheez whiz', an order of fried pickles (there were THREE, and happily larger than the gherkin...errrr...sorry...CORNICHON), I had a Diet Coke, and we each had a spiked shake.  My friend ordered a Caesar salad to take home to her mom.Indeed, the gherkin (whoops, I did it again...CORNICHON), was an omen of the size of the burger. These burgers (now I think I know why they leave out the vowels) were only slightly larger than White Castle sliders.  Tasty?  Yes.  But a meal? No.  Unless you're the bulimic type who throws up everything they eat.The 'basket' of fries was barely enough for two, and the cheez whiz was ok, but not worth raving over.The shakes were good, but again...it's a milkshake people, with a shot of booze.  Three fried pickles.And a waitress with her nose in the air.The bill, for two slightly larger than slider burgers, two shakes, a basket of fries that wouldn't even qualify as a supersize size from McD's, three pickles (really one pickle cut in thirds) and a Diet Coke, plus a salad to go?  Almost $60.Sorry kids...but this is definitely one of the 'FTLT' type of dining experiences.FIRST TIME, LAST TIME.When I go out, I'm looking for food...not toy food, and definitely no TUDE.
5	Seriously the BEST burger I've ever had.  Fast service, great food, and great atmosphere....  what else could you want?
3	+ Awesome burger menu.+ Floats and shakes with booze! Get the pumpkin shake.+ Fries with truffled cheese whiz!- They don't understand what medium rare means. All of our burgers were medium / medium well :(- Our waitress told me next time I should pay in cash because they don't have to claim their tips as income that way. Really? I lol'd.
3	It wasn't bad, it really wasn't.But I guess I just don't understand what the hype is all about.One quick note:  There is no light on their sign, so if you go at night, it might be tough to spot.  This place is sandwiched right between Spoon and Goodwill. I went with a group of three and we had to wait a few minutes for our table, but were seated fairly promptly.  Our waitress was very patient as we tried to decide what we wanted, so the place gets at least 1 star just for her!Drinks:My friend wanted a Hurricane and either they DON'T have a truly FULL bar, or the bartender didn't know how to make it because they asked if there was something else she would like instead.  She ordered the Sangria instead and said it wasn't very good.  I had the Salted Caramel Spiked Milkshake. YUM!  It was the best thing I ate all night.  The bourbon came through but not so much that it was not palatable, and the shake was just the right thickness.  I think it is the best thing I had all night.Other than that, we all drank water.  I thought the spiked floats sounded very inventive, and if I go back I would probably try one.Food:We ordered the Homemade Chips with Crack dip and the Fried Pickles.  The Fried Pickles were tasty, if not a bit greasy for my tastes.  They are also fried in spears, not chips, just and FYI if you're thinking of trying them.  I don't really have a preference over how the pickles are cut, but some people are picky about that kind of thing.The Homemade Chips were fresh and crisp.  The Crack did was pretty good, and we were impressed with the multiple layers of flavor, although we did note that it almost seemed like it was just melted cheese with chili mixed in.  Not sure I would call it Crack, but it was pretty good.We all agreed the burgers were... MEH.... Not bad, not good, just a burger.The meat tasted great and was well-cooked and I LOVE the fact that they source many of their ingredients locally, but the FLAVOR just wasn't there.  I had the Button Buster and it was like unflavored rib meat on unflavored burger meat with cheese.  The onion ring added some nice texture, but the flavor of that didn't jump out at me either.  It was just missing something... We decided, well, what do you cook ribs in?  Barbeque sauce.  So we asked for some, added it to my burger, and YUM!  So... tip: If you order the Button Buster, ask for a side of BBQ to go with it, sooooo much better.  My friend had the Fire in the Hole and thought it was a solid burger, but wasn't blown away by it.  She also said she was still hungry after dinner, but it had been a long time since she ate, so take that for what it's worth.  Our overall impression was this:The menu seemed creative, but there was no mention of ordering a "custom" burger, so we didn't ask.  Alcoholic shakes = YUM.  We wouldn't recommend this to someone who was asking for a phenomenal burger, we would send them to Tessaro's.  However if we had a group of friends going to BRGR and wanted us to join, we wouldn't say 'no.'
5	I'm writing this review because I was very happy with BRGR's service, and I happen to think their food is pretty great, too.A group of 8 friends was planning to invade BRGR on a Friday night, so we knew it would be a long wait.  A few of us went about 45 minutes early to secure a place on the waiting list and have a drink while we waited for our friends (we're pretty nice friends, don't you think?!)  Anyway, as luck would have it, our table was ready within the hour wait time that BRGR gave us, and our other friends were late!  We begged and pleaded with the lovely hostess to not give up her table, but rules are rules, and she had to (FYI - BRGR won't seat you until your entire party is present).  When all of our friends finally showed up, we were convinced that it was going to be another hour.  But, within about 15 minutes, another large table became available, and it was ours!  We were all really pumped, as there were some BRGR first-timers dying to try out the eats.In addition, the hostess came over not once, but twice!, during our meal to make sure that we were happy with our meal.  Great job all around, BRGR staff.And, because you want to know about the food ... I've been to BRGR a few times. The salmon burger is awesome, as is the one with carmelized onions (the name escapes me at the moment).  Fries are pretty standard, but still yummy.  The shakes are great!  And, I tried a sip of my friend's spiked root beer float, which I found to be creative and very tasty.  They also have a great selection of craft beers and a good happy hour special (1/2 price drafts, I think).I'll be back to BRGR and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it!
4	So I had my proverbial BRGR cherry broken and it was amazing. Thank you Brenna/Jenna (I feel like an asshole that I forgot...whoops) whatever your name is ladyfriend for the wonderful service.Went in to eat with my ladyfriend Terra sat at one of the lovely high-top tables near the window. Ended up ordering their Thai Pork and Shrimp Brgr and their King Salmon. One half for me the other half for Terra.Thai Pork and Shrimp - Simply delicious. The end.King Salmon - Unfortunately this one wasn't so delicious. Terra has requested for her initial temp for this sandwich to MR (medium-rare) and Brenna/Jenna let us know that their MR would be more on the rarer side and Terra requested just as long as it wasn't translucent and not dry to go for M(medium). Upon shoveling the Thai Pork and Shrimp BRGR down we made our way over to this sandwich and it didn't quite hold up very well the texture wasn't quite what we expected (the bad way) so we were a wee bit disappointed. Oh well. You can't win them all. I'd say stay away.Brgrs brgrs aside we definitely did start our busy day with a milkshake. I was feeling kind of seasonal so I ordered The Great Pumpkin although it was a pretty tough decision between the peanut buttery "The King" shake though. I requested to have an extra cup be brought over to share which Brenna/Jenna graciously brought over. I kid you not happiness in the pants. :)All in all fun times at BRGR will go again soon. Next time maybe Ill do dessert.
2	I like the vibe and the burgers here.  The took away my favorite beer (a rasberry lambic style), but I can understand that something like that is not to everyone's taste!  The only real complaint that I have is that one of the hostesses needs an attitude adjustment.  I went in a couple weeks ago with a dear friend visiting from out of town and wanted to bring her to BrGr for a quick welcome drink when she arrived.  We arrived around 4pm on a weekday, when the place was virtually empty, and asked to sit on the couches (again, the whole area was empty) and the hostess curtly refused to seat us there on the grounds that we weren't eating.  It is my experience that the best way to handle policies like this is to say to the customer that they are welcome to sit where they would like as long as the place is empty, but that if a large table comes in they will have to move.  After all, we just wanted a quick drink and, based on my experience of the place, would have been out before the rush.  In any case, what was a pretty good opinion of the restaurant was seriously soured by this experience.  The hostess wasn't even apologetic, she was off-putting and generally seemed like her decision was based on power and pride, not care for the customer or the business.
4	I know this is my third update of BRGR and I'm not changing my stars, but three updates to make:1. The new "Shrooms" burger with mushrooms, brie, and carmelized onions is SO GOOD. But I really, really wish they would improve their fries. Seriously, what is up with the terrible fries? Come on, this is Pittsburgh. If you are going to do anything right, make it the fries! Give us something that is worthy of dipping in truffled cheese whiz, please.2. Love the new branding! It looks like they finally coughed up the cash to hire a graphic designer. The menus look SO much more professional without the use of Papyrus (second worst font ever).3. Our waitress was awesome, but everyone else I came into contact with on my last visit was not quite as pleasant. As someone else mentioned, the hostess needs to get her act together. She was incompetent at not only her job, but also basic human interaction. Details of our conversation aside, she just had a completely sour attitude--not acceptable if you work in the service industry. Then, it took me ten minutes to get a beer at the bar. I know because I was waiting on someone so I actually timed it.  It wasn't very busy, either . Finally, you know it's bad when you notice that the FOOD RUNNER has a bad attitude. The person whose only job is to drop the food on your table, smile, and invite you to enjoy your meal. Let's just say, my friend who is the type of guy who never notices poor service commented sarcastically, "What a friendly dude!" Hopefully, this was a fluke...I'll give it another try before minusing any stars.
2	We went to BRGR last night with high hopes of simple but delicious food. I had heard it was very good.    Had to wait about 30 minutes for a table (they don't take reservations for small parties).  When we were finally seated, they took us up two flights of stairs to what I believe in warmer weather is an open air roof deck.  They enclose it and add heaters to accommodate the crowds.  It took a while for anyone to even acknowledge us and get drinks.  We ordered everything all at once.  One of us ordered the "Average Joe", one of us ordered the "Schrooms Burger" and I ordered the Salmon Burger.  We also ordered some of the burger fries.  It was all just average.  By the time I food actually got to the table, it wasn't hot, just mildly warm.  I guess I should mention that the service we received was just plain horrible.  I know it was a Saturday night, but at one point, when it was clear that nobody was going to refill our drinks, my boyfriend actually had to get up and walk over to the bar and ask for a refill.   After our food was delivered, we never saw another server.  Nobody cleared the dishes away.  Nobody came by to ask how everything was.  We waited and waited for someone to give us a check so we could get the hell out of there.  Suddenly our original server showed up...a bit befuddled and apologized to us because he said he "forgot" that we were his table.  I felt kind of bad for him at one point when he kept apologizing and offering us dessert.  Too late.  It was only a so so food experience.  No need to go back.
3	Forgive me for writing yet ANOTHER review so quickly after my last one, but I really gotta take BRGR down a star. I came here with my friend for his birthday and actually, this time, our service was pretty great, which was a nice surprise from last time. However, last time my burger was just a bit overcooked, and this time it was very overcooked (I always order rare). What happened here? The burgers used to be red and juicy and so good! The truffled cheese whiz hasn't tasted quite as truffley as usual these last two times either. And like I said previously, the fries are totally forgettable. So tragic! Get it together, BRGR!And the kicker? After eating, we continued to chat for a while while I finished my sangria (which, albeit being basically just spiced wine, was pretty delicious). It was a Sunday and I guess they close early. Well, at about 9:45, maybe about 5 or 10 minutes after the last party before us left the restaurant, a man decked out in a suit whom I can only imagine to be the owner approached our table and said, direct quote, "We're closing. You guys need to leave." and walked away. So rude. SO EFFING RUDE! No "Thank you for dining with us," no "Hope you enjoyed your meal," not even a casual "Hey, just to let you guys know, we're closing in a few minutes." I've had bad waitresses, bad hostesses, but never in my life have I been treated this rudely by management! Oh yeah, and as we were saying our goodbyes outside the door, he popped his head out and looked us in the eye like an evil demon as he turned the lock on the door. WTF? Did he think we were going to try to get back in or something? It was totally creepy.I don't know how I feel about this place now. I used to love coming here since it's a block away from my apartment, but now I'm kind of over it. I was always a bigger fan of BRGR than Burgatory, but I might be switching allegiances. Or I'll just go to Winghart's...why do I even bother with these other places again?
5	I had the Tree Hugger burger.  This was hands-down the BEST veggie burger I've ever had.  Most restaurants just slap a Morningstar patty on a bun, but Brgr obviously took the time to craft a vegetarian option that rivals the meat burgers.  It is a lentil/falafel burger, with hot and sour cucumbers (nice touch!), tomato, pickled red onion, and goat's milk yogurt.  I can't wait to go back!
4	Rather late to game here, but I thought I'd add my reaction to the mix...A friend and I sat at the bar last night for dinner.   Two drinks each.  We each had burgers, fries and I sampled the cole slaw.  Walked away only $65 poorer ($80 with the tip).   I mention the price at the beginning only because I was impressed that a place this nice with a staff so professional and friendly wasn't charging FAR more.  I honestly didn't expect to pay $6 for a burger in a place like this.   We ordered the 'average joe' with provolone and bacon.   Decent burger.  Well made.  Fresh bun and toppings.   Have to agree with Alan about the fries.  Very nicely cooked but I had a hard time tasting the parmesan.   The cole slaw was very good, and I like the large "chunky" approach.The bar staff was attentive, prompt and friendly without going overboard.   I also appreciated the good mix of people at BRGR: families, older couples, young singles, etc.   And though the place had an energy to it, you could still hold a conversation without having to shout.  I think this is going to become one of my regular hangouts.   Decent food, priced fairly in a comfortable atmosphere and with solid service.
4	Delicious burgers, awesome shakes, and incredible fries. Really nice atmosphere, too. Service has been friendly both times I've been there. Try the spiked shakes!
3	Early confession: we only went to BRGR because according to Burgatory's website, their wait was 140 minutes on Saturday night. The wait time on a Saturday night was mercifully short (20 or so minutes).  The drink list is inventive and the bartenders were great, and the chips and cheesy dip we ordered at the bar were really good.  Once seated, I had the kobe beef burger with red onions, blue cheese, and arugula, which was a tasty combo but would have been much better with bacon (though to be fair, what wouldn't be much better with bacon?).  He had the burger with short ribs and homemade aioli, which was also good but not as mind-blowingly declisious as it sounded on the menu.  I found it interesting that the burgers didn't come with sides....maybe that was clear on the menu but I was already three wines in at that point. I would probably go back if the wait at Spoon (right around the corner and amazing) was too long, and it was definitely a pleasant dining experience, but the only difference between BRGR and Red Robin was the atmosphere and the prices.
3	I ate here for dinner last Thursday evening with a companion.  The decor of the restaurant was nice and seemed industrial as it was probably a warehouse previously.  They also had TV's positioned conveniently all over the restaurant so that every seat was able to see one.I was pleasantly surprised whenever I opened up the menu as we had been planning on visiting the Cranberry location but ended up switching to the East Liberty one at the last minute.  The East Liberty menu has a nice list of unusual burgers while the Cranberry one seems to be a make your own, much like the Burgatory.  For dinner I decided on the Thai Pork and Shrimp Burger while my dining partner decided on the Shrooms Burger and we got an order of fries and fried pickles on the side.  The shrooms burger had a nice taste and the mushrooms added some earthiness while the Pork and Shrimp burger was nice also although I am not so sure where the Thai part of the name came in.  The fries were crispy and cooked to a nice temperature while the fried pickles were also good although disappointing in serving size.  The bottom line for me is that the food was decent and reasonably priced so I would come back to BRGR in the future.  I am not sure that it would be the first sit down burger joint on my list but the food was good enough.
3	I'm a little confused by the goal of BRGR - is it a place to hang out and eat a good burger and drink some nice beers, as suggested by the multiple TVs with sporting events?  Or is it more of a high turnover joint, wham bam, thank you ma'am, as the service would indicate?The burgers are good, around $10-12 for each; no sides, which are extra - $3 for the chips w/cheese sauce, and $4+ for the fries.  The Kobe burger I thought was a bit disappointing, and maybe the extra $12 would have made it better - but I thought the flavor fell flat.  The Button Burger, which also has short ribs and onion rings was very, very tasty.  It was a shame I had to share half of it with my wife.And there is a nice selection of microbrews to choose from.So I was hoping for a nice night of a big, juicy burger, and drinking some beers -- but essentially, we got a fast-food type of waiter -- who was taking food off of our table, even though we were still grazing on the chips and fries -- and dropping off the check without asking if there was anything else, which in fact, would have been another round of beers.  I'm sure if I had a better experience, one which lasted longer than a Kardashian marriage, I'm sure I would come back.  And if you haven't been here, I still think it's worth trying.  But in the future, when I want fast-food service, I'd rather just drop the $5 for a 5 Guys Burger -- at least eating there is like having a friend with benefits... no expectations.  Oh well, I guess Burgatory is next!
3	Good burgers, but not great. When a restaurant wants to be known as a higher class burger joint, the burgers better be great, which unfortunately they were not. I had the Button Buster which was a burger with short rib meat on top. I ordered it medium, and it came out a little overcooked, not bad enough that I would send it back. The burger was a bit dry and the sauce overpowered the aftertaste. Again, if you are strictly a burger joint the burgers should be prepared perfectly every time. The fries were excellent with a little cheese and spice on a standard order. The menu offered enough of a selection to meet everyone's needs. The atmosphere is great. Great beer selection and a knowledgeable bar staff. Great place to hang out with a few friends. I would go back to try another burger on the menu. If I got this burger in a standard restaurant I would have been more than happy. But in a specialty burger joint I have higher expectations which BRGR did not live up to.
3	I went for lunch a couple days ago on a weekday and the place was packed.  later there was even a wait for some people.  My lunch date and I had the short rib burger which had onion rings on the burger.  We also shared a greek salad and I'll say that both were decent.The service was slow and both dishes took a long time to get to the table.  But they have a wide range of burger choices and I can see why so many Pittsburghers frequent the place.  The burgers don't come with a side which is a negative, we didn't bother ordering a side like fries but I will try them the next time I go.  I'm not a big fan of burgers in the first place but love short ribs.  I might go back but not really anytime soon.
5	I am a lifelong burger girl. If a restaurant has a good burger on its menu there is a 95% chance I'm going to order it. This is obviously why I LOVE the plethora of burger joints in this city. BRGR is at the top of my list. So far I've had the Ceast and Desist burger and the Average Joe burger both of which were incredibly delicious in their own ways. The Ceast and Desist incorporates one of my other loves: Thousand Island Dressing! The Average Joe burger is your basic burger but I am a strong believer in the idea, "if it's not broke, don't fix it!" I encourage you to add bacon though! The shakes are another one of my favorites at BRGR. I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the caramel milkshake. My husband got the Hot Chocolate one the other day for his birthday and he said it was delicious too. I definitely recommend splitting a basket of fries with whoever you go with. I usually hate sharing my food but the basket is too big for even this die hard fan to eat by herself.The only downside is BRGR's popularity. I've gotten lucky a few times and got a table right away but the last time we waited for a half hour for a table on a Thursday night.
3	I enjoyed BRGR more when it first opened, but less so recently. I am not as adventurous with my burger choices so I always order the same thing. Plus, I think it's odd fries or chips don't come with a burger meal. There is a nice draft selection which is a plus.
3	First of all, let me say I rarely eat red meat.  I'm more of a chicken/turkey/seafood kind of gal.  This was my third time to Brgr, and I had previously tried the Salmon Burger (just so-so) and the Tree Hugger (lentil & falafel - not too fulfilling). This time, however, I decided to take the plunge and try an actual BURGER.  So I went with the Shrooms burger, topped with forest mushrooms, caramelized onions, brie cheese and mustard aioli.  I ordered it medium-well, and it was prepared accordingly.For me, a person who eats red meat only a couple times per year, the burger wasn't mindblowingly, extraordinarily outstanding.  It was tasty, but I wasn't rocked to my core. The mustard aioli was pretty yummy, though...unfortunately, I couldn't really taste the brie.My friend ordered the Double Yoi Burger, which came with pastrami, Swiss cheese, fried egg, cole slaw, and Thousand Island dressing. He moaned and raved his way through the thing - definitely sounds of pleasure and satisfaction. I was happy because it was his first time to Brgr, and he thoroughly enjoyed it.We also shared an order of the fries (just with the parmesan and herbs), which were pretty standard (but nicely cooked), and a salty caramel milkshake (delish!). So....from a culinary perspective, it was pretty good fare, though I have heard Burgatory blows it out of the water...As for other factors, my friend and I had a short wait time, and our server was a very personable, patient, attentive 20-something woman who was very pleasant and helpful with our menu questions.  I would go back to Brgr - it's very convenient to my apartment, and I really want to try the Thai Pork & Shrimp Burger. :)
4	Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!!!This place is everything that Burgatory should be. I love the burgers. They're always cooked to the proper temperature and the topping choices are great. I'm also a fan of the shakes and fries. It's a great place to unwind with friends and get loose and it's also a great place for a business lunch that is guaranteed to impress.The place consistently turns out great food and friendly service in my experience.I like this place a lot, but if you're on a quest for the perfect burger see Tessaro's.
3	BRGR isn't bad, it just isn't great.  I got the "Cease and desist," which has onions, cheese, and thousand island sauce.  The burger was cooked properly and all the ingredients seemed to stand on their own, but it just didn't wow me.  I probably wouldn't resist going back here, but I don't think I'd make a strong effort. (4/5 for the burger)The fries were also a little bit of a disappointment.  Fries tossed with Parmesan and herbs sounds good right?  Yes, if it can be if done properly.  However, I thought BRGR's fries were a bit overcooked and hard.  The cheese and herbs kind of just stuck together and didn't seem to add a lot of flavor. (2/5 for the fries)
5	Best burger and shake I have ever had. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. I kept it simple with the dbl meat dbl cheese and a spiked Salty Caramel shake. Awesome!
4	Stopped by on a Friday around 8 and faced a very crowded bar area & 40 minute wait. Enjoyed a Full Pint IPA and gf had a Blue Point Winter Ale. Good vibe to the place -young crowd and families. Seats are a little close to other diners. Dinner included Root Float, o rings w truffled Cheese Whiz - I know, who thinks of these crazy concoctions - which was good and crispy but needs a little larger onion. Had the Fire in the Hole burger med rare (very pink center) and it was really good. GF had the Button Buster w the short ribs and white cheddar but we could not locate any cheese - serious bummer. They do iphone paging system so you can check your progress! Overall nice experience. Ladies room was clean and big.
4	Who goes to BRGR and orders the vegetarian burger? I do - and it was pretty good, full of Middle Eastern flavors without being a lentil-filled cliche. That leads me to believe that when I go back and order the real deal, whether it's beef or bison, it will be darn tasty.  The onion rings were terrific, maybe the best I've had, and worth a star on their own.The minuses? Parking was a pain (though they do have valet), my husband's Shrooms burger was overwhelmed by it's mustard aioli, and my veggie burger completely fell apart after resting for a moment in the basket. And, they were out of 8 or 9 of the beers on their menu, so it took 2 or 3 tries to order a drink. But we'd go back - BRGR is full of potential, and I still haven't had a spiked shake.
5	Ok so the burger I had was called Average Joe, but let me tell you nothing is average about this burger.... They have fancy cheese fries-Delicious!!! I have passed this place a million times and said look at those idiots sitting outside.... What is that place? Well I am glad to say I too am now a BrGr idiot
4	Since i was child i've sworn off burgers, i had been forced to consume too many dry and bland ones, and i've been turned off by them until I came here to BRGR this past summer. The Kobe burger is amazing! I've been there twice and ordered the same thing, i just can't get enough of that tender meat.    I always get it medium-rare (they provide a list of options with explanations on what your getting i.e. well done, rare) and it just MELTS in my mouth. The service is good and the location is up-beat without being too trendy.    My only problem is how expensive the drink menu is. The food is so well priced, its just sad to have to pay so much for drinks! My boyfriend and i went out on a date here and paid $30 for food and about $30 in drinks and we only ordered a total of three all together (two special drinks, one beer). Even the beer on draft is pricey.    Drinks aside, the food is amazing and all of their menu options are exciting and different.
3	I've been to BRGR before, but made a recent trek on a Wednesday after work. It was a pleasant surprise that there was no wait. On prior trips I've gone on the weekend and had to wait longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage.We were quickly seated and our server was very friendly. For some reason, I wasn't feeling terribly adventurous tonight and decided to just get the Average Joe with feta bacon and a side of fries.The food came out and looked great, but my burger seemed out of place on such a large bun. In prior experiences I hadn't noticed this because it was covered in so much other deliciousness (see the short ribs on the button buster). The food tasted ok. The burger wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. The same can be said for the fries as well. Overall, the food at BRGR is decent, but it's probably not going to knock your socks off, especially compared to some of the other burger places in Pittsburgh.
5	So far the best burger joint I've been to near Oakland area of Pittsburgh. The meat is always cooked the right way i want it to be, shakes are to die for (I don't like vanilla and my boyfriend got the vanilla milkshake-I loved it!!!) and of course the fries and onion rings as well are SO GOOD. If you just add on beer, the best burger joint you have right there! Definitely recommnd BRGR to anyone and the menu is not too long, not too short so i'ts perfect to just put in your order and chit chat w/ your friends as you drink your beer. I visit Pittsburgh about once a month for the weekend, and I've been to BRGR all times for the past 3 visits. It's just inevitable:)
4	The Kobe beef burger cooked medium was second to none.  The french fries with cheeze whiz were the best fries I have ever tasted.  The service was good and the online service to see how long of a wait you have is an excellent tool.
4	February Burger of the Month Club! (Road edition)Last meal from a great weekend included a trip to BRGR. One thing that I must say is that PIttsburgh has great bread. Sandwiches, buns, pastries...all have been fresh and tasted EXCELLENT. To drink..Spiked Milkshake. My choice? Salted Caramel! (Bourbon, caramel sauce, sea salt and vanilla bean ice cream) I was worried the bourbon may over power but when the tall steel cup came out with the large straw, I was thoroughly impressed. (Note, try spiked milkshakes more often.) It wasn't too thick to enjoy and surprisingly, I didn't feel like I was on a sugar rush afterwards. To eat....Cease and Desist burger (American cheese, carmelized onions, thousand island dressing) and for a shared side...Housemade chips and dip.  As I said earlier, bread in Pittsburgh has really impressed me. (random, I know.) But with the wheat bun on the Cease and Desist I was transported to burger heaven. The caramelized onions were a perfect shade of brown and the sauce and cheese did not overpower anything. BRGR cooks burgers to order and had great descriptions on the menu so you don't order incorrectly and my medium was definitely the perfect medium. The housemade chips and dip were tasty too. The dip is their own concoction that reminded me of nachos. Cheesy, a few black beans and some ground beef. I could've done without the meat in it because it was a giant clump, but I simply ate around it. The prices were closer to DC prices I pay back here at home but it was definitely a great lunch. Can't wait to go back.
4	Delicious, freshly ground, ammonia-free, perfectly cooked burger,  fast service, tasty fries and easy parking.  And if you're a vegetarian, they'll be happy to provide you with as many napkins you can eat.  Maybe some cardboard, too!
3	Went here for lunch before heading back to New York and it was a bit disappointing. Parking was easy on Presidents Day, but I don't know what it would be like on a normal day. What we sampled: Button Buster Burger            Overall it was cooked alright, but a bit overcooked when compared to the amazing job done on the burger from The Porch.  The toppings were delicious, but I was looking for something light to break through all of the heavy flavors, and it could definitely have used a bit more cheese which was almost nonexistent. Fries with truffle cheese wiz on the side            O.M.G. truffle cheese wiz!! The fries were cooked well and were delicious, but the cheese wiz was amazing. Fried Pickles            According to my other half Rotem these were the best fried pickles he has had outside of Mississippi, and I have to agree.  I never really understood his obsession with fried pickles until I at the ones from here! Overall the food was just ok, but I could not stand how I could feel the vibration each time someone passed behind our table, and the service was just bizarre.  Our waiter was efficient getting our drinks and food, but then things got weird.  He collected our stuff after we were finished and then we waited....and waited....and waited....a good ten or fifteen minutes without any food or anything in front and no offer of dessert or anything before we finally had to ask for our check.  Rotem wanted to just wait and see how long it was going to take for them to bring over the check on their own, but I had to make it to the airport!
5	The fire in the hole burger is the best burguer I ever had in my life! And we also really like the Button buster. The shrooms was not great to me but it was a great burguer. The shakes are amazingly good and the fries with truffle cheese whiz are so good! But the best thing about brgr is that the meet temperature is always perfect! And for me that's the most important thing in a burguer place. The restaurant has since vibe and the staff is usually really friendly and helpful.
5	Amazing burgers! OMG the best burger I've ever had in my life! The Moscow Mule was on point too!
2	Ever since becoming an avid restaurant reviewer, I had wanted to go on a burger tour of Pittsburgh.  With Burgatory successfully crossed off my burger joint list, it was time to visit their vowel-less rival BRGR.  In all honesty, the only reason my family and I decided to go there was because there was an hour wait at Burgatory; however, I was more than willing to try BRGR's take on the classic American burger and shake combo.  When I took my first step into the newly updated establishment, my first opinion of the atmosphere was that it was extremely trendy and welcoming.  At some tables, giant, leather couches replaced the usual painful, metal barstools.  Yes, these couches did look appealing; however, I really do not believe I could comfortably eat a burger while seated on a piece of furniture that belongs in a living room.  My family and I opted to sit down at a traditional pairing of table and chairs.  I learned very quickly that this was not going to be as memorable of an experience as my Burgatory trip from the prior weekend.  First of all, I was disappointed when I learned that building your own burger was not an option.  Furthermore, I was appalled at the fact that the burger did not come with any sides; instead, if you wanted some fries or chips, you would have to pay an extra four dollar fee.  I wound up caving into my normal money hording and ordered a side of fries and grilled cheese bites.  I decided that the Shrooms Burger, which consisted of forest mushrooms, caramelized onions, brie cheese, and mustard aioli, was going to be my burger fate.  Of course, I made sure I told the waitress I wanted my piece of meat cooked medium-rare because I firmly believe that there is nothing better than a red piece of cow.Because my stomach was grumbling, the time seemed to pass exceedingly slow, but luckily before I died of starvation, the food arrived.  The basket of fries was the first item that my eyes made contact with.  I found myself growing rather confused at the four-dollar side: the cheese on top was very minimal, and it was not even close to the delicious warm, melted state that cheese on fries is supposed to be.  Everyone knows the unwritten law about cheese and fries: if one puts cheese on fries, it must be melted.  Sadly, my disappointment did not end with the fries.  As I cut into the middle of my burger, not an ounce of juicy, red goodness oozed out of my meat.  It was way past the point of medium-well; it was crossing the line into well-done.  My heart broke at the sight of this perfect piece of meat being ruined by the cook in charge.  Not to mention, the burger resembled a mini slider positioned in between the giant, dry bun.  I am not sure what size burger BRGR claims to sell, but it is nowhere near the size that the other burger joints in the area are serving.  The toppings were also extremely minimal.   In fact, I could not even find the mustard aioli or taste the brie cheese.  Judging by the way my cook time preferences were completely disregarded, I would not be surprised if the cook forgot to put the toppings on my burger.  The grilled cheese bites were what saved BRGR from a completely negative experience.  They were absolutely delectable.  Positioned in between the crispy slices of Texas toast were applewood smoked bacon, tomato, truffle aioli, and a combination of Swiss and provolone cheese.  The mouthwatering side was accompanied by a bowl of tomato fondue that was perfect for dipping.  I would make the forty minute drive to this East Liberty burger joint solely to indulge in another order of these grilled cheese bites.  Though my meal was far below my expectation, I still felt it was my duty to follow up my burger with a milkshake.  I found myself feeling even more disappointment with the place when the waitress told me the only flavors available were vanilla and chocolate; however, caramel sauce could be added in for an extra charge.  I decided there was no need to hold back from satisfying my sweet tooth, so I asked the waitress to make me her best combination of vanilla and caramel.  Well, even though the only addition of caramel was an insignificant drizzle of sauce, I have to admit I enjoyed my cold, metal cup of dessert.  However, it did not even begin to compare to the variety of shakes you can enjoy at Burgatory.  I am always willing to try new places in hopes that they satisfy my tummy, but I grow discouraged to venture out of my comfort zone when I have an experience like I had at BRGR.  If my burger would have been cooked properly and the side of fries would have had been prepared with more love and care, I maybe would have walked out of BRGR feeling like there might have been some competition in my heart for the best dining experience in the 'Burgh.  However, thus far in my burger tour of Pittsburgh, not a single place has been able to compete with the sinful burgers and heavenly shakes that Burgatory supplies.
2	BRGR wishes it were Burgatory, but it's not.  And since they're basically at the same price point, why not just go to Burgatory instead?The burgers, the toppings, the specials, the suggested combinations, and even the milkshakes (alcoholic and otherwise) are just slightly worse takes on an existing theme.  The food is just generally bland and unmemorable.  And one time everyone in my group got a stomach ache afterwards.
4	I have always had a good experience at BRGR.  My boyfriend and I usually share our burgers with each other so I have tried a good amount of different burgers there.  I have had the Kobe Beef, Shrooms, Gobble Gobble, and I believe some sort of Asian inspired burger that they don't seem to have on their menu anymore.  Every burger I have had has been juicy and delicious. I always get a good medium or medium-rare piece of meat with great bread.  If you're really hungry, go for the Kobe.  Not only is it delicious, it is also huge!  I always get their perfectly cooked and crisped thin(ner) cut fries with the AMAZING truffle cheese whiz.  It is really what makes every trip great.  I don't think my meal at BRGR would be complete without the fries AND truffle cheese whiz.  It is so good it actually inspired me to go and try and make my own truffle cheese concoction at home!   But of course, it never comes out the same as BRGR's.  But I digress...  I wish I could write more about the place but almost everyone knows what a burger tastes like, right?  All I can say is that I will vouch for BRGR and think their burgers are pretty darn good!
4	Nice atmosphere...  Good drafts on tap! Burger was awesome, and they have some interesting creations. Prices were decent for a burger... But it was just that...... A burger....  No sides, they were extra.  Would definitely go back! Good eats!
5	BRGR is a great place to get drinks and comfort food with friends. The clientele and bartenders are friendly and chatty. If you want to watch a game, there are about 8 HDTV's all tuned to one of two sports channels. The burgers come in all shapes and sizes (beef, lamb, salmon, tuna, etc.) and the cocktails are very inventive (Miller Lite + Rhuby + Bitters = Genius!). The beer list is very respectable. My only gripe is with the milkshakes.  They are some serious sugary whisky-crack, and I'm just into whisky.The downstairs has a leather-bound chair/couch and sports bar vibe that is kind of fun if you are having a night out with the peeps and want to eat some place that is not going to destroy your wallet (expect to spend ~$30 bucks per person). Most of the people who would watch a football game here are a little more on the yuppie than yinzer side, but hopefully that scene will improve. At present, it's less hipster than Kelly's but there is none of the MD-brofest that is endemic to Shadyside. The upstairs patio is nice in the summertime, but has stellar views of the now defunct Borders, AAA, and CVS East Liberty (i.e., its virtue is that you are eating outside). It is  EASY to meet up with people here after eating at Spoon. You can literally walk from one restaurant to the other, and the cocktails are arguably more creative on the cheaper side.  On a final note, if you are stuck at Bakery Square due to your or someone else's poor planning and are not a teenage girl enthralled with the shabby-chic overpriced yardsale that is Anthropologie, it is probably the best place to spend a little downtime in the neighborhood.
2	The food was ok, i had the average joe burger and the wife had the button buster.  Both were cooked just as we asked and were pretty cheap for an entre.  We also split a side of fries.  Also they gave us samples of the milkshakes (ill tell you why in a bit) and they were tasty.  The food was good, nothing outstanding, but solid bar food.  You want a burger, they have burgers.However, the wait staff was as bad, rude, inattentive and will prevent me from returning.  We had a group, called ahead, the day before and the day of, several times.  We arrived was told it was going to be a bit, so we all got a couple drinks and waited..and waited.. and waited.  ended up getting tables that were not together and not enough seats for our group.  i know things get busy, but we were treated very rudely and told to "make do with the seats we have" and many more snippy, impolite comments.  Even waiters were bumping into me while i was waiting for a table and giving me attitude ("you have to get out of my way").  The wait and the tables being apart could be forgive, the way we were treated, not forgiven. We were spending a lot of money, lots of drinks, food, etc.  I hate to give a poor review, but honestly this was the rudest i have ever been treated at a restaurant.  I will not be back to BRGR.
4	I enjoy BRGR. My favorite thing to get there is a spiked milkshake. It has been a while since I ate a burger there, but I think I enjoyed it. The deep fried pickles appetizer tastes just like Chick Fil A chicken. They are creative with their drinks and I enjoy them all.Sometimes it gets filled with too many hipsters and the whole bar is circled with people drinking Pabst Blue Ribbon. I like BRGR more than Burgatory. Although, that could be because BRGR has a better location - Burgatory is further out of the way and I have only been there once.
2	I've been twice now and have not had a good experience either time. First I tried the Kobe beef burger ($12) and was disappointed. The toppings were flavorful and good, but the burger itself was more medium well than the medium rare that I ordered. And then when I finished I realized I had paid $12 on a singular mediocre burger. This was over a year ago so I can't be more specificJust today, I tried the "Shrooms" burger and found it utterly disgusting. In theory, all of the ingredients (brie, mustard, sauted mushrooms, and caramelized onions) are delicious. In execution, they sucked. First, my burger was dripping with oil. This was not the natural result of a nice fatty mix of ground beef but was (presumably) due to the mushrooms being sauted in copious amounts of oil. This resulted in me consuming a great deal of what I assume was canola oil considering it's lack of taste. They also used what tasted like an ultra-pasteurized creamy brie in lieu of the type of brie I prefer and call "stinky brie." The mild flavor of this brie was lost in the burger and it's primary impact was imparting it's somewhat mushy texture. This would not have been a problem if the too-large bun wasn't soaked in grease, wrapped around a burger with no crust, or topped with sauted mushrooms and caramelized onions which both provided the contrasting moutfeel of... soft vegetables. I don't know if the burger was ill-executed or ill-conceived but it lacks flavor and there is absolutely zero crunch to this burger. Each mouthful was just a somewhat bland pile of mush that left a grease trail around my mouth. Using raw red onion and blue cheese instead would probably help the flavor and texture, but the lack of char on the bun and patty is inexcusable. The mustard was the shining star in the flavor category but do you really want the best thing you can say about a burger to be, "Well the mustard was good?"
3	After reading lots of mixed reviews, I am here to offer yet another mixed review! I really enjoyed the atmosphere, we were seated on the first floor at a table in front of the large garage doors that open out onto the street. Had we not been seated here, the other dining spaces looked cramped and very, very close to guests at the bar. Our server was friendly and efficient, but the hostess was not. We walked in with our (almost) 3 year old and your could immediately tell she was disgusted...even heard her mumble to another employee about why you would bring a child to a bar? Meanwhile, there were at least 2 other toddlers in the restaurant at the time AND and infant in a carseat/carrier on one of the sofas! Also keep in mind this was a Thursday evening at 6 pm, not Saturday night at midnight! And did I also mention that BRGR HAS a separate kids-only menu! Prior to actually dining at BRGR, I had no idea it was being billed as a BAR, rather I thought it was a burger restaurant with a full service bar. Management might want to check into how they want the employees branding their business. Other than that the food was okay, not bad, but not anything that has me in a real hurry to go back. Burgers were large enough but did not come with any sides -- fries, orings, etc -- were all ala carte. I like that they were happy to accommodate my special requests in modifying one of their signature burgers, but feel like there should be a few more options on the menu. In theory the Spiked Milkshakes would be good, but they were seriously over the top sugary. I will definitely return to BRGR at some point, just probably not on a regular basis.
2	I've been to BRGR a few times now and really wish I could give it more stars but it's just not quite there yet. The burgers are okay--I've had the mushroom burger and the jalapeno one--and the shakes are decent but nothing exciting. I do like the ambiance, especially the outdoor patio up top, and the location is super convenient for an East Ender like me, but I think I'd rather make the longer drive to Burgatory next time I'm in the mood for this kind of fare.
4	It surprises me a little how much I like this place given my feelings for spoon. That said, I think they make good burgers and have a fantastic beer selection. During the hot hot heat of a pittsburgh summer, their deck is one of the best places you can be. My personal favorite item on the menus is the "fire in the hole" burger. But they're all good. Full disclosure: I'm hopelessly in love with burgers and lose all objectivity when talking about them.
3	I got take out from the BRGR in Cranberry. The food was OK. I was kinda disappointed in my burger for the price I paid. They even forgot to give us our Bam-Bam milkshakes. It wasn't noticed until it was too late! I honestly think the apps are way better than the burgers themselves. I prefer Burgatory.
5	BEST turkey burger I have ever had. I want to keep going back to try all of their burgers, but I can't stop getting the turkey one. Try it!! Oh yeah, can I just say, awesome job on the branding!
2	I've been to BRGR a few times now, and each time I walk away thinking that it should be called MLKSHK or APPTZR, because there's nothing good about their burgers, themselves.I'm a big fan of the salty caramel milkshake with bourbon, and the fried pickles are really good, but everything else that I've ever tried has always fallen flat, from the ahi burger...to a regular burger...to the sante fe hippie veggie burger. I've tried REALLY hard to be impressed, but it's just not happening. The buns are dry, the burgers are overpriced, and the flavors are simply lacking the interest to justify going back. If I'm paying a premium price for an a la carte burger, there are better establishments in Pittsburgh to choose from.Not to mention, the beer prices at BRGR are laughable. $7 for a Strongbow bottle? You've got to be kidding me. I guess they've got to get all the money out of you during your visit since the food isn't going to be bringing you back.
5	The burgers are very creative and delicious, I had the mushroom brie burger and the Buffalo burger and they were both great.  The beer selection is fantastic- they have beers on tap that I haven't found on tap anywhere else in Pittsburgh.  Definitely try the fries with the "cheese whiz" (it's homemade- not the stuff from a can).  The milkshakes are amazing, they make their own ice cream.  It's great to bring friends to dinner here and have a fun evening with great food for about $25 a person (including fries, hamburger, milkshake and beer).
4	Okay the 3.5 stars that BRGR has is DEAD on.  So I'm going to jack it up with 4 stars....apologies.  I give snaps for a yummy Kobe Beef burger, great price, fast service and cool vibe.  Going to have to remove a couple for a single bathroom per gender (what small bladdered planet do you come from?! The place is half bar!!)Apparently when you ask "The burger doesn't come with any mayo or anything on it, does it?" and they say, "No.  No mayo"  It is code for 'we will now slather both sides of your burger with mayo.  And while I love an edgy place, the reality is I have no doubt cool edgy 'chef' type would surely spit my a redo for someone whining about mayo, so there's that.While I'm in favor of uplifting the neighborhood as much as the next suburbanite, the folks doing some low riding drive by's with their bass blaring makes it necessary to read the lips of the people you are with.  A much needed funky joint and good vibe but don't bring the kids and run serpentine style back to your car if its after dark.
3	Food: *Disclaimer: all food comments come from a vegetarian perspective* BRGR serves exactly what you would expect, burgers.  And thats pretty much it.  They have two salad options, neither of which look exciting, a few sides like chili, and french fries.  There are 10+ burger options, all of which can be made with veggie burgers, and 2-3 hot dog options, which can't be made veggie friendly.  The burgers range from sweet (carmelized onions), to spicy (jalapenos), to mexican (guac), to BBQ style (apple wood bacon), and more.  The veggie burger is huge and comprised of mostly falafel with some corn sprinkled in, but lacks flavor.  Other restaurants in the city make homemade veggie burgers, and this one doesn't rate in the top 10, or even close.  The descriptions of the burgers sound considerably better than they actually taste; nothing has blown us away in multiple visits trying multiple items.  Even the unusual condiments on every table are skimpy on flavor.  The fries are enough to share, and are above average but not spectacular.  Wheat buns and gluten-free options are available.  The non-veggie burgers include beef, turkey, and even seafood.  Carnivorous friends have been satisfied, but not amazed.Price: Burgers range from $7-12 and sides from $3-6.  The burgers are very big, so you'll definitely get your fill.  The fries are meant for a group, so at $4, you get a pretty decent amount.  Cocktails range from $6-10, but are worthwhile (see below).  There are late night specials that include burgers and Pabst Blue Ribbon, which is definitely a plus. Drinks: You would think hamburgers would be what a place named BRGR does best, but, if you thought that, you would be wrong.  BRGR's bar is fantastic, with a large and diverse beer selection, unique cocktails and liquor choices, and bartenders who know how to make the drinks well.  There aren't many restaurants in Pittsburgh I would say this about, but it is worth going to BRGR just to drink.  The cocktails aren't cheap, but they're large, interesting, and stiff.  There are seasonal specials, and BRGR also offers spiked milkshakes, all of which sound incredible.Atmosphere: The downstairs and upstairs rooms at BRGR both have great atmosphere, a true strength of the East Liberty location.  Downstairs, there is a garage door in the front which opens to the the sidewalk and street and allows sunlight and fresh air in.  The bar is big and is a good place to hang out until your table is ready.  Upstairs is even better.  In front, you can look out over Centre. Ave., and from behind, you have a beautiful view of gothic East Liberty architecture, which looks beautiful as the sun sets.  Service: The service has always been attentive, helpful, and friendly over the course of multiple visits to BRGR.  The bartenders know what they're doing and are more than willing to carry on a conversation if you're alone.  BRGR provides Valet parking at a $3 charge plus gratuity, which may be necessary on a Friday night.  (+): great drinks, solid service, and truly nice atmosphere(-): overall, the food is average at bestWould I go back again? For drinks, absolutely, and after 5-6 of them, I may be convinced to try another burger.
3	After taking a final, there was nothing more than wanting to gorge myself on a good burger and then take a nap. While the burger I had was good (average joe), the service was lacking. A friend and I were immediately seated but then waited over 10 minutes for someone to even come over, and it was out hostess who sat us telling us our waitress would be coming. Ok, I can understand getting busy but there were several other waitresses standing around talking with each other, it was very awkward.The redeeming element of BRGR were the chips. My friend and I shared this but we could have each had our and more.
2	I like the ambience for a casual meal or drink, but the food is just okay.  The menu is limited and, not surprisingly, made up primarily of burgers.  The creative preparations sound excellent on the page, but the execution is generally just good, not great.  I find the patties (beef, turkey, and veggie) just average, especially given the price.  Also, while I have had a few great servers at BRGR, most of the time I have been underimpressed with the service.
3	This place is unique and has good shakes but I wouldn't rave about the burgers. i got the shroomz, and it was very oily and greasy and wasn't bursting with the flavor I was expecting. Not enough brie, or mushrooms, I would say this is a regular burger joint with a cooler atmosphere.Came here twice already, and i think the trend is that im going to be sticking with the fries/onion rings and forget about the burger! I can't get enough of the truffle cheese whiz!
3	Pretty much the same review here as i have for Burgatory, I just knocked them down a star here because they have no create a burger option in East Liberty. Portion sizes are good. Food is tasty. Still yet another place that insists on cooking in rancid vegetable oil unfortuantely, but that's everybody. Butter, lard, bacon fat, etc. please. Healthier and tastes better. I enjoyed the double Yoi.I would go back if in the area but wouldn't go out of my way.
3	Went back for lunch; the parmesan fries were delicious, and though I loved the idea of my Big Fat Greek Burger, once again the burger execution left something to be desired. Between the condiments and the soft bun, my burger turned into a soggy mess very quickly, which was a disappointment. I love the service, and I still haven't had a spiked milkshake, but Winghart's serves my burger of choice in the 'Burgh.
4	I love this place  for a tasty burger and onion rings.  The Average Joe, cooked rare,  with bacon and egg and I am happy and content.  I am only giving 4 stars because the service is Average.  I'm sometimes lucky if I receive a drink refill.
4	Really good burgers and milkshakes - simple. Good appetizers too.Good burgers are good, enough said. My bun disintegrated upon first bite, but that's not important. On to the milkshakes - there is liquor and caramel in them! Really filling but delicious they are.
5	loved it. went on another lunch date with sheryl t. and got the mahi mahi burger and the black bean burger. both delicious. and filling. we also ordered chili cheese fries and could only even fit in about half. the prices were reasonable. perhaps a little much for a burger that doesn't come with fries but they're gourmet and pretty big! to drink, i had a "sliberty shandy" which was a yuengling/lemonade combo and was absolutely delicious. i'd go back any day.
4	I really don't know what it is about the service at this place.  I have been here probably more than half a dozen times, and the service is always the same, just average at best.  I am a fan of a rare, cow mooing burger and BRGR delivers just that, but trying to get a drink refill is like trying to get Congress to agree on something.  I am not a high maintenance diner, but a drink refill isn't out of the question.  Come on guys get it together and bring diners drink refills.
3	I was not thrilled by the burger menu (limited) or taste of my burger. I did try a salmon burger from the person I was with, which was excellent, but would not usually be any beef-eater's meal of choice. The rooftop seating is always nice on a pleasant day.
3	Yummy burgers... different types of toppings to suit your needs and good selection of beer. The basic fries have some seasoning and cheese shreds on them... tasty. My friend and I split one of the spiked milkshakes for dessert... We had the cherry soda/whiskey/chocolate ice cream one... as I type that it seems just as gross as it actually tasted. We should've known. A good stop for a basic lunch... but skip the alcoholic milkshakes.
3	Amazing spiked milkshakes... Burgers are unique and tasty. They do not come with sides, those have to be ordered separately. Although there are a variety of different burgers to choose from the menu is still somewhat limited.They do not seat incomplete parties... which is always something that erks me.
1	The one star is for the ambiance... My tuna burger was absolute mush and for $14 (w/no sides) I expected something cooked and seasoned to perfection. Also,  the crack dip on the menu just tasted like a cheesy chili sauce. As for the service our waiter looked like he'd much rather be somewhere else, like serving decent food, but he managed to be pleasant.
3	Burgers are fairly good, albiet considerably overpriced considering that it doesn't include any sides. If you want fries, you'll have to order those separately. Thankfully, the spiked milkshakes are delicious.
3	I ate the Jalapeno burger with a veggie pattie substitution.  Tasted solid, but I've had better.  Definitely try the fried pickles as they're well worth it.  Milkshakes are also a must, spiked or not-spiked.  This place also lost a star with me because it's a tad bit on the pricey side for what you get.  Overall though, solid.
5	Great burgers, cooked exactly as ordered.   Speciality spiked milkshakes, made with Dave and Andy ice cream are incredible.
4	I come here quite often and have always had great experiences. Service is good, the food is good, and the shakes are AMAZING (my favorite is The Dude which is not on the menu). I always fall into a severe food coma immediately following the meal, and need a good nap if I plan to do anything remotely productive at any point during the rest of the day. Despite that, I keep coming back!
4	Good burger. At the top end of what I'd want to pay though.
4	We've been here twice since we moved to the Burgh. It's convenient, the atmosphere is nice, and the food is pretty good.The veggie burger was too soft and salty, so on our second trip here I got the king salmon burger and it was muchhh better. I wish the buns were not so soft, maybe they could grill them, since the veggie/fish burgers are not very firm. What makes this place for me is the sides! I love the fried pickles, they have the perfect crunchy shell and the pickles themselves are tasty! Onion rings were good but not amazing, I really enjoy the dips you can select for the fries. I got a beertail last time I was here and it was pretty good, not too sweet so it goes well with the food!Not the best burger I have ever had but it's good and we've never had a problem getting a table.
3	Nothing out of the ordinary - The burgers are pretty good. The service is a hit or miss depending on where you sit (inside or roof top). Yes, they have a nice roof top seating. If you haven't been here before - the place is the old Red Room - and basically the settings are exactly the same.
2	This is the second time I've been to here and this time I was a bit disappointed. I tried the Kobe Beef burger today and found it wasn't very hot. I'm fine with its medium rare-ness, but I think a burger should be a warm, not room temp. The bun was soggy due to the juice from the pickle spear served along side the burger. But the fries and chips were tasty. The "adult" root beer float I had was fine for what it was, but I probably wouldn't get it again. Overall, I wasn't really impressed with the burgers or the drinks. But the upstairs outdoor seating is great on a nice evening. The staff were very accommodating of our large group (14). Initially they said it would be a 45 min wait, but after 10 minutes, our table was ready.
2	Sorry, BRGR.  Your burgers just can't live up to the impossible standard that a certain other buger place in Pittsburgh has set.I wanted to like this place, I really did.  It's close to my stomping ground, in my price range, and I love meat.  They had everything working in their favor, but unfortunately they fell flat!  BRGR doesn't have the selection of meats, rubs, toppings, or breads that the other place has.  People rave about their milkshakes, but the Partner In Cuisine and I agree that even though the milkshakes may be out of this world, for a place that is named "BRGR," they should make more of an attempt at oh, I don't know...the burgers?
5	Yo! I got a burger and peanut butter milkshake here! How fuckin rad is that! Peanut butter milkshake son! Burger was rad too!
5	5 stars for awesome burgers, great service and a great atmosphere!This place is nice, in a good location, the girls and guys working are super friendly and bring the food out quickly.I was starving when we arrived for a late lunch and their veggie burger really hit the spot!I had the santa fe hippie grilled corn + black bean falafel burger,guacamole, shredded lettuce, tomato,pepperjack cheese, cilantro-lime creme fraiche which tasted like a huge crunchy falafel and the creme fraiche complemented this perfectly!The man had the average joe since he wasn't that hungry and liked it as well.Seriously one of the best meals I've had, very very good.The place gets full but there is plenty of seating so it doesn't feel cramped, perfect for a casual date, get  together, wish we had one of these here!
4	I am a fan of the food at BRGR.  I haven't had a better cheese burger with bacon and egg, but the service has always lacked.  Maybe they have read my reviews, because my last visit to BRGR brought me an attentive and friendly watiress.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.
3	The staff behind the bar were all very friendly but I was a bit disappointed by the food.  I had the button buster, which for its name was undersized (the bun was considerably larger than the burger) and overcooked (a cardinal sin for a place that is all about it's burgers and that has a temperature guide expressly printed in its menu). Overall, it mostly satisfied my need for a beer and a burger but for a burger-centric restaurant, I expected a better than average experience.
4	I have to tell you that when I went to BRGR the first time months ago it was a disaster - especially the service.I had such a bad taste in my mouth that I almost didn't want to go when a group of friends suggested we have dinner there.BRGR seems to have re-tooled during the time that I was refusing to go, because my last visit was fantastic. The hostesses were awesome, our server (Sam) was spectular, the food and drinks were great - the menu is different.I won't hesitate to go back.
4	Great drinks, great appetizers, and good burgers.I've been to BRGR on a few occasions for drinks and appetizers but, for some reason, never got around to trying the burgers. I ended up getting the shroom burger, some fried pickles, and a spiked shake. All were good, with my only complaint being the wait time.I highly recommend the house chips and the fried pickles. The price is right and they have amazing, homemade flavor. The burger was by no means the beat burger I've had... but it was a pretty good burger.
4	I must have been at a different place than all the other reviewers.  I had a very pleasant experience while I was here for the first time.The wait staff was very polite and chatty as can be.  Attentive to our needs and always coming back around to refill our drinks.  The food was delicious.  I opted for the California Lovin', I was craving and in need of a turkey burger and it hit the spot.  The pesto mayo and alfalfa sprouts was quite the nice mixture.  On a wheat bun was a great choice as well.My only downside here is that I was unaware that a burger only came with a pickle as a side.  I was kind of expecting to receive chips or fries as a side, but just a plain old dill pickle.  Next time I'll be sure to add a side or get an appetizer to start.
4	Great neighborhood restaurant. The menu has a lot of variety that will appease any taste bud. I've had the Santa Fe, and I've had the burger with the foie to boot. Some say it's pricey, but it's freaking foie! nomnomnom My homeland of California banned this deliciousness, so I'm perfectly happy BRGR will legally give me some (thanks!)Another burger that's my fave here though is the Turkey Cranberry. It must be seasonal because I had it in November last year and have been secretly waiting for its return. It's literally thanksgiving in 2 fluffy buns- turkey with cornbread stuffing, greens, cranberry, and gravy aioli. I'd have one every month of the year if I could!(I'm secretly hoping the BRGR powers that be will see this review and know that a year later, I'm still craving it!)
5	Sweet vibe. Friendly bartenders. Cool crowd.Popped in a couple times for take-out, and ordered the same both visits:* California Lovin' Burger:turkey burger, provolone, pesto mayo, ovenroasted tomatoes, alfalfa sprouts, avocado* Orchard Fruit Salad (local!)Also, supported an SF memory (see photo).
4	Alright, upon returning to BRGR after my not-so-good experience last year, I found myself hoping for a better time.  Well, I got my wish!  BRGR competes bigtime with the other burger joints in the area.My burger, the Button Buster, was absolutely delicious.  It was cooked perfectly medium rare, just as I asked for.  You can tell that BRGR puts extra care in their meat.  One can taste the difference in the quality and preparation of the meat at first bite.The toppings were great on my burger, and unlike last time, I did not feel jipped at all when it came to packedness factor (the amount of toppings they pack onto the burger).Still, my one complaint is you have to pay extra for sides.  Just give me a side of chips, and charger me an extra buck.  I would rather have that then to pay a la carte for a side.  Also, gimme some more non-alcoholic milkshake options.  If they'd do this, they would easily be competing for the spot in my heart as the best burger in Pittsburgh.All-in-all, it was a great meal.  I will definitely be coming back and bringing my family.  They deserve to have their minds updated and refreshed on what BRGR brings to the table.
3	3-4 stars. I guess I had too high expectations. "Gourmet burger"... I was expecting, well, I don't really know what I was expecting, something gourmet perhaps? Not that the burgers were bad, not at all, they are perfectly fine, the meat was cooked as I wanted it, and the bun was tasty. I guess the problem is with the concept of a gourmet burger. Oh well.Also, the fries were  a massive letdown. Frankly, in a gourmet burger, it would be nice to have tastier fries - you know the kind of fries you are sure they were not frozen. The milkshakes were also a mild disappointment. Pretty good, but not that fancy.On the other hand, that's a nice place (despite the very many TVs...: that's a bit distracting): adult, comfortable, slightly upscale but not pretentious. The prices are reasonable, the food is good, the beer menu is large, the service competent, and not overbearing. So, I'll probably be back. Perhaps I'll move it to 4 stars.
5	Spiked Shakes and Kobe Burgers!!!!???? Are you kidding meee??BRGR has, in my opinion, come across something totally mind-bending in their spiked milk shakes, and they are AWESOME. It's like being an adulterated child. Remember all those times you went through the dairy queen drive thru and wish your blizzard had alcohol in it. Well, BRGR has done it my friend, fear no more.Their Kobe burger was amazing, as well. I think I inhaled that piece of delicious meat and bread in less than 3 minutes if I'm not mistaken. And their fries are crispy and perfectly seasoned with garlic and salt?? I love BRGR and will come back with some meat and shake lovers and totally blow their minds.
3	Cool place to get a burger!Great place to go on a weekend/week night for the bar scene... And a burger wouldn't hurt either :-)I've been here a few times before. The parmesan fries are tasty, and the burgers are good too! I've had the turkey burger (good), salmon burger (meh), and the regular beef burger (good). Love the ambiance of the place too!
5	Excellent burgers. Nice restaurant. Only one small gripe, iceberg lettuce, please replace with leaf lettuce. Recommended.
4	I've only been to BRGR one time, but I would eat here again if given the chance. It's a bit out of my way and parking can be tricky in this part of town, which is the only reason I haven't gone back. So, most importantly, the food. BRGR definitely has some fantastic options - I'm all for delicious, cheese-loaded 'shroom burgers served with local ales! - and since I went during the summer, I had the chance to sit by the wide open floor-to-ceiling windows. Perfect dinner, perfect atmosphere for dinner!Be careful if you choose this seating option, though; I went during the end of rush hour so it wasn't a big deal, but the music combined with car horns could easily have been pretty hard on the ears. Not to mention, near the end of my meal it began raining before anyone could shut those windows, which I'm sure could have negatively affected my meal if I'd arrived later in the evening and sat in the same place. These "what if" scenarios are the only reason I docked BRGR a star.Last note: looking at other reviews, I wonder if this place is hit or miss depending on the day you go, because my burger was perfect and my fries excellent. I'll have to see what happens when I get the chance to eat here again!
5	This place is so great that on a two day business trip to Pittsburgh I usually eat here both nights!  Everything on the menu is awesome, especially the bourbon caramel milkshake and the season slaw side.
4	We came here again this week for a team dinner, and since the California Lovin' Burger had been changed to a Thanksgiving-ish burger, I opted for the Kobe Beef Burger, which was good. Still, I was secretly missing the avocado :)We also grabbed some yummy truffle fries for an appetizer, and also tried the Texas Toast Grilled Cheese nibs, which were good. Perhaps I should have worked in a salad... lots of fried food!BRGR is a solid restaurant - if you're into burgers and fries.
2	The good.The hostess had me seated pretty quickly despite the place being crowded and our waiter was very attentive.  Good job.  Nice atmosphere and decor.  The light and sunny "beertail" was pretty tasty and would recommend it if you like wheat beers.The bad.  Sadly BRGR's biggest failure was what it has centered its name and menu on.  Both my date and myself ordered a "Fire in the Hole" burger.  Despite coming with jalapenos (jarred), chipotle mayo and sriracha, it didn't even register on the heat scale with me or my date.  We both just found it to be kinda bland.The burger itself was also tiny for what I would have imagined from a place called BRGR.  The beef patty was probably only 4 ounces or so, which I'm sorry, but for a $9 burger that doesn't even include fries (Yes you read that right, french fries are $4 extra).  The only positive thing to say about the burger was that it was correctly cooked as ordered.I will gladly pay for small portions of good food, or even big portions of okay food, but they fail to deliver either.  There are several places in Pittsburgh which can offer both a tastier and bigger burger, for cheaper (Fat Head's, Burgatory come to mind).
3	Plusses: Very good burgers. Nice blend of cuts, juicy and flavorful. Excellent onion rings. Had the "Fire in the Hole" which could have been a bit spicier for my taste, but was good. Excellent table service. Minuses: Way too loud, terrible/rude hostess on the day we went, hour long wait. They should knock down the wall and expand into Spoon. Tater tots kidney-failure salty.
4	As a "cheap eats" place (as much as such a thing exists in the Shadyside area), this is one of my favorites.  I am not a huge burger person, but I thoroughly enjoy the burgers here.  They are creative but not overly so, flavorful, and extremely tasty.  I typically order the "Button Buster" cooked medium, and it is always enjoyable.  I also find both their onion rings and french fries to be excellent.The atmosphere is very nice, and service tends to be very good as well.However, on one or two occasions, when the restaurant was very busy, I have had disappointing service and my burger came out overcooked.  Their staff was nonetheless extremely accommodating for this issue.If you're looking for a restaurant where you can have some very tasty burgers, a few other sides or starters, and get out spending no more than $15-20 a person with tip, Brgr is a very solid choice.
2	I ordered the "Average Joe" which is pretty much a cheeseburger with LTO.  It was the blandest hamburger I had ever had.  Didn't seem like the meat was seasoned at all!  I get the same thing at the diner down my street, for about a quarter of the cost, and it's better.  The bun was okay, toasted but still soft.  My husband got the "Fire in the Hole" and he loved it!  From the rest of the reviews, it seems to be a star on the menu.  Everything here is priced ala cart - so you have to order the burger ($8 - $12) and then sides like fries, fried pickles, etc are around $4.  They have some $10 specialty cocktails and alcoholic milkshakes, and what appeared to be a good beer selection.  We ordered a side of fries and it was enough for both of us to share.  They put Parmesan on them which was a different touch.  They taste like little garlic-bread sticks!  We also got a side of the truffle dipping cheese.  It really complemented the fries very well.  Atmosphere was relaxed on a Saturday afternoon.  There's mixed seating (hi-tops, tables, bar, and sofas/coffee tables) so something for everyone whether you're going to eat or just hang out.  Server was efficient, but I wouldn't call her friendly.  Indifferent, maybe?  Game was on and there are several TV's.  Volume can get loud.  Even though it is in East Liberty, parking was a cinch.  Use the garage across the street for free.  As we were leaving, they were setting up valet for the evening crowd.  All in all I'd say "Eh", but I would give it another try.  Maybe order something else next time, or spring for the Basil cocktail.
5	Eaten here often enough to want to eat here more often... great milk shakes, fries, and an assortment of burger styles that doesn't lose the taste of the meat.  They also treat my kids well (breaking a shake in two, crayons, or just being nice).  After missing burgers from my time in Los Angeles, it is nice to have choices here.
4	I absolutely love these burgers, but my new obsession are the Cajun tater tots. These tots are like crack, cause they keep me coming back. I am not a spicy person, but these are seasoned just right with the perfect amount of crunchiness. Service lacks at a table, but we have found the service to be better at the bar.
2	My girlfriend and I went on a Saturday night just because we were hungry and in the area. It wasn't the worst experience we've ever had, but neither of us would ever go back or go out of our way to suggest it to really anyone who would ask our opinion(s). PROS: Pretty good burgers, temp well maintained, chairs were comfortable, tons of TVs if that's what you're into, solid selection of liquors, sleek/modern design that I really liked, decent amount of seating for parties of 3 or less for quick seating.CONS:-SMALL!-Although we only had a party of 2 it took almost 5mins to get a seat because whoever the guy up front was couldn't find either of his hostesses in the restaurant that was barely bigger than your average local drugstore.-It took almost another 5mins just to get waters we didn't ask for and get blown off by our server for another 3mins until we could place a drink order.-Despite the full bar and 2-3 bartenders it took 10mins to get drinks and place our food order. Also, a top shelf baybreeze (Belvedere, pineapple, and cranberry juice) somehow cost $12 which is absurd even for a restaurant.-The chips with "crack sauce" we ordered was terrible. The chips tasted like they were baked lays from a bag, refried in old peanut oil. And the "crack sauce" tasted like tostitos cheese sauce with chili powder or maybe taco seasoning.Once we had our food we didn't ask for much because we figured we'd be done eating by the time any of it actually came, so there weren't many opportunities to screw up, but somehow we were left with only 2 napkins for our meal despite asking twice. The only reason they're getting 2 stars instead of 1 is because everyone we dealt with was actually really nice.My biggest warning would be for those in parties of 4 or more or even smaller parties that show up too late: There are only 3-5 designated 4 seat tables, and then there's this enormous L-shaped booth seat with small, 2-person tables. There are literally maybe 18" maximum between each table and there are the designated bigger tables in the not-so-open space next to that mass. Extremely crowded. To the point that if I were to go back I'd call and try to reserve a tall table, and if they couldn't accommodate I'd just take my business elsewhere.
4	My first experience dining at BRGR was for a girls' night...because, evidently, when it comes to my friends and I, "girls' night" means "chow down on burgers, beer, and milkshakes"...the picture of femininity and grace. I've been there many times since, happily introducing my family and a handful of friends to this fun little burger place, and it's definitely at the top of my list for "best burger joint."With a trendy indoor dining and bar area and fantastic little outdoor section (located upstairs, with a view of...well, the street...but still nice), this place is perfect any time of year (the upper area is open even in the wintertime, thanks to a generous collection of heating units and patio torches). If you're not looking for a burger, you should avoid it, because that's about all you're going to find on their menu (aside from a salad or two and a selection of fattening but oh-so-delicious sides). This place is called BRGR (supposed to kind of look like and sound like "burger," I believe) for a reason: they offer burgers; handcrafted, sloppy, delicious burgers. On top of traditional beef patties (topped with ingredients that actually make them far from traditional), the restaurant also offers a selection of nontraditional burgers (tuna, turkey, vegetarian, salmon, and more, depending on the season and the chef's changing interests). Some burgers, like the kobe beef burger, are pretty much always available, while others come and go throughout the year (my favorite disappearing burger was an amazing lamb burger with Greek cheese, cucumber, and other Mediterranean-ish ingredients). The "Average Joe" is about as basic as you get, but I recommend you travel outside your comfort zone and try one of their other delicious, handcrafted creations: "Fire in the Hole" (with jalapenos and sriracha, for those who like a little heat), "California Lovin'" (a  turkey burger that will make you rethink the whole concept of turkey--it's not just for Thanksgiving and school lunch sandwiches anymore), "Kamikazi" (the best sushi ever, but burger-style), and "Kobe Beef" (featuring bleu cheese, oven-roasted tomatoes, and other deliciousness). Be sure to add a side of fries with truffle cheese whiz (this is not your average cheese out of a can--it's a creamy cheese sauce blended with truffle oil), or perhaps the house-made chips (served with "crack dip," an amazing concoction that should come with all chips ever). If you have a dessert stomach, like me, or if you simply plan ahead and don't stuff yourself, save room for one of their spiked milkshakes. "Salty Caramel"--made with vanilla ice cream, caramel sauce, sea salt, and bourbon--is phenomenal. "Cupajoe" is great for coffee and chocolate lovers alike, and non-alcoholic shakes are available for the kiddos. Aside from all of this, they have a pretty good beer selection and offer mixed drinks too.This is a fun place to head to with friends, or visit for a casual date night, and it's in a great location (near lots of shopping and a few other restaurants). Parking can be a bit tricky (you can't park in the garage across the street, because it's reserved for shoppers at that shopping "mall" area), and the area a few blocks over is a wee bit sketchy, but neither of these things are major issues.So, if you've got a hankering for a burger, skip the craptastic offerings at your local fast food joint and head to BRGR. Just make sure to come on an empty stomach. And don't forget about the truffle cheese whiz. It makes everything better. Everything.
5	It's our favorite of the "burger" joints in the Burgh. The cease and desist burger is what I almost always get and she always gets the tuna burger. The cease and desist burger was initially called the Double-Double after the famous In-N-Out burger but they got a letter from their lawyers asking them to cease and desist. Viola. They are usually spot on with burger temps and even if they go over the burger is still juicy and enjoyable. The Mrs. always gets the salted caramel spiked shake(Jim Beam) and it is delicious. I love that they have Coke products because frankly Pepsi sucks. Nice comfy atmosphere and the service is good as well. French fries are the thin kid which I like and the fried pickles and Cajun tater tots are snacky sides to get. It's reasonably priced and there are lots of tv's if there is a game on you want to watch.8.5 of 10 stars
2	2 stars for burgers, although would be 0 stars based on rude hostesses and waitress we had. Much better places than to get treated that way.  It was though every request on our waitress was a bother and the hostesses, either on their own or based on the way they are trained, hover over you to urge you to finish faster to turn the table. For fast food and better burger go to Five Guys.  Save your time
2	Meh is right.  I've def experienced better.The staff here is rude.  Not friendly, not helpful, and they don't appreciate your business because they dont have to--this place is small and it's always packed.  This could be made a fun part of an 'experience' if the staff was friendly but as it stands all four times I've dined here the staff acted like I was burdening them.Just because they say the burgers are gourmet and price them accordingly does not mean they are going to be good.  The first two times I was there the burgers were over cooked.  The third time, it had no flavor, and the fourth time I gave up and just had an $8 beer.If you want a burger in East LIberty listen--go across the street to Kelly's, they have a better burger there.  Or try something else--Abay is around the corner, Dinette is across the street.These are unremarkable burgers at prices that are going make you remark "Damn!" when your bill comes.
4	How can one argue with a delicious milkshake?  That's the highlight here although there is no shortage of other artery-clogging delights (such as a burger topped with more meat.)  French fries with parmesan and truffle oil or the cajun tater tots are also delightful.  Don't be afraid to order their salads - beet salad with homemade Boursin cheese was a welcome relief from all the meat.
3	Honestly, it was a hamburger. Just a hamburger. The onion rings were cold by the time they got to the table. (To be fair it was jam packed busy, but still.)Beer selection on tap was weak by local standards. Decor was sort of faux industrial arty, with Restoration-Hardware-style details and canned "art photos". They also do the scammy valet parking thing wherein the prime spots in front of the restaurant are out of commission so they can charge for parking. I hate that.We are in this neighborhood often but would not be tempted to return.
3	BRGR is a my boyfriend and I's go-to spot in Shadyside when we feel like getting something better than Whole Food's hot bar, but don't feel like going too crazy on a meal at Spoon, Casbah, or Salt.  It has a casual, relaxed atmosphere, with plenty of TVs for sports action and big garage doors to let in the natural light.  In the late spring and summer, they open up the rooftop seating area.  It's a great place to grab a bite to eat or a drink while being outside and enjoying the warm weather.We have dined here several times in the past few months and always order the same thing: a california turkey burger and a salad (the current seasonal salad, pickled beet, is delicious).  We order just one of each, and ask that they split the order up for us.  This means they bring out two bowls of salad and two baskets each with half a burger and pickle.  The half salad/half burger is a pretty decent portion and comes in at under $20 for two people...not bad for Shadyside. Be warned, the parking situation at BRGR is a little sketchy.  You can either take your chances and hope you don't get towed by parking across the street, pray for a street parking spot, or cough up $3 for the valet parking.Also, be aware that some of the menu items change seasonally.  On one occasion, we ordered our standard turkey burger+salad combo...without realizing that the turkey burger had taken on a "Thanksgiving" style preparation complete with cranberry, stuffing, and green beans.  Although I enjoy these side dishes as part of my family Thanksgiving dinner, I didn't like the taste of these piled onto a turkey burger and a bun.  Luckily, they've since switched it back to the much tastier cali-style burger.
5	This pregnant girl was craving a huge, messy burger and BRGR satisfied that craving!  Everyone at the table loved their burger, each with a different one off the menu.  We also enjoyed the chips with crack dip, french fries and fried pickles which were THA BOMB!  Only thing I regret not ordering was a milkshake but it was because I couldn't fit anymore in my tummy!
3	Very slow service.  Messed up our orders.  The appetizer came out wrong (fires instead of homemade chips and my burger wasn't supposed to have cheese on it.  Probably a good mistake as the chips were pretty bad.   Not my favorite burger joint.  I would much rather hit Ray's Hellburger in DC for a good burger!  The Green Man shake was the best part of the meal!
4	Burgers were awesome! I actually tried the California Lovin' turkey burger on lettuce wrap (never had a burger on a lettuce wrap before) and it was delicious! My co-workers tried two other burgers as well and loved them! We will definitely be returning. Besides...I want to try the Spiked Handspun Milkshakes :)
5	Love that tuna sandwich as well as the great bar!
5	This place is awesome. Great burgers, fun variety, hip atmosphere - a great place for any occasion. I love their terrace upstairs, especially in summer sunset hours. BRGR really is a very good place that would survive competition in any foodie-oriented city.
2	Burgers are great.  Great house chili.  Service sucks though.  They need to get a handle on their front house team and get a decent front-house manager in there before that situation tanks what is potentially a great idea.  We waited 15 minutes for water...another 15 for actual drinks.  We watched the wait staff chilling by the bar and shooting the shit.   Yep.  I worked in the industry for a loooong time and know what fails a place.   I hope the owners are paying attention.  You've got a good product and a nice physical space, but the front-house team needs something: encouragement, leadership, a system, all-of-the-above.  I felt bad tipping 12%, but it was warranted and probably too high.  Note to owners:  PLEASE do NOT blame the front house staff.  Blame only yourselves and fix it with compassion.  I would like to see you succeed.   And if you, the owner, are also the chef...try not to be a dick.  Okay?
4	Excellent food, good service, and quick food to table. What more can you ask for? On top of that, they have creative burgers. The only burger joint I love more is Burgatory. I also suggest sitting on the balcony overlooking East Liberty.
2	This place is just too hyped up.  I ordered a burger medium well and it was oozing red on the inside.  i could barely fit my mouth around it.  I'm sorry but burgers are 100% about perfect proportioning of quality ingredients.  If you want to make a bigger bugger, make it bigger in a direction that makes sense.  Burgers are my favorite food, but I was not thrilled by this place.  Stack'd in shadyside is better for 1/4 the price.  Also the restaurant was freezing cold!  I was sat at a teeny high table where our plates could barely fit even though the restaurant was mostly empty.  I didn't like the way the burgers were served also, they were crammed in a tiny basket that made it hard to eat.  Don't get me wrong this place isn't bad, but there are so many other places nearby that will give you better food/atmosphere for a fraction of brgr price.
2	First time at this place and really just looking for something convenient to Motor Square. And that may be the best feature of brgr. Well, no, the fries were very good, order without the cheese and herbs and they are fine. The Mocha milkshake was apparently very satifying to my partner as well. The brgr was not so good, no where near competing with Tessaro's. The meat was more or less tasteless. the bun chewy and tasteless. brgr this, I thought, and the first time will also be the last.
5	Simply delicious! And the decor is comfortable and rugged. The milkshakes are "adult" and amazing!
5	I started my trip to BRGR with a boozy malt-tease milkshake and the beautiful, open bar.  It was massive and vodkay and delicious.I'm not sure if i was just buzzed or what, but the double yoi burger was one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.  I love that you can have your burger in a lettuce wrap, perfect for those of us who are gluten-free or just extremely full from aforementioned boozy milkshake.  They don't skimp on parmesan on the fries, either, and they are an herby explosion of deliciousness.
4	I stopped in here the other day for the first time before heading to PNC Park.  I enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere with several tvs and a nice bar. The staff was very good, frequently stopping by to refill our drinks.My burger was very good, but a little more medium rather than medium rare like I ordered.  I did think the burgers were a little over priced not coming with a side dish.  I was a little disappointed with the fries after seeing them mentioned positively in the reviews.  They were pretty average.
3	Warning: I've been here a lot, so this will be a long review.I've always had a fairly pleasant experience when I have eaten here. The cocktails are excellent (whiskey shot with pickle back, basil gimlet, etc). The service is usually prompt and courteous. And the outdoor seating is nice.Things I disliked:-You are limited in the drinks you can order if you are sitting in the outside seating upstairs. Um, what? You mean the servers can't walk up and down the stairs to the main bar? I work at the three-story restaurant...we don't limit what you can order according to each floor.-The baskets. I can't cut my burger in half very easily when it's in a basket. Additionally, the burgers are so greasy that by the end of the meal, the paper in the basket is falling apart, and it's disgusting.-Not enough cheese whiz for the fries. It is the smallest cup ever given, and I'm not a cheese-eating monster.-The tuna burger is gross. It is mashed up tuna pieces formed into a patty. Why can't they just have a tuna steak so I don't feel as if I will become ill by ordering the tuna rare, as I usually would with Ahi tuna? If it was a tuna steak, it would be an excellent sandwich.-They don't take reservations...not even for large parties. So, on my roommate's birthday, we waited over an hour for a table even though we called ahead and they said they would save two tables for us. I understand a no-reservation policy, but for large parties, I think they could make an exception. It wasn't even a Friday or Saturday night.-Pretty limited menu. And you can't modify anything. What if I like every single thing on a burger except the spicy cheese? Or I don't like onions? Come on. It's really not that hard.-The crack dip is really not very good. It just tastes like cheese.Things I like:-The button buster. Oh my goodness, delicious. Especially with some of that stone-ground mustard. Nomz.-The salmon burger. All those ingredients, arugula, the aioli, bacon...all go so perfectly together. It is an incredible burger. And the salmon is always cooked just perfectly so that it isn't dry.-Service is always fast. I guess that's easy when your menu is basically all burgers.-The truffle cheese dip. But, see above.-The basil gimlet. That drink gets me messed up every time! In a good way, of course.All in all, it's a great place to have a burger, but there are definitely some things that I'd like to see improved before I can give 4-5 stars. Will I be back? Absolutely. Is Burgatory better? Yes.
4	A bit expensive, but a very delicious burger! You can choose the type of meat you'd like for your patty (or a veggie burger if that's your thing!). They also give you a choice of bread and a few different combinations of toppings. The fries were seasoned and topped with shaved parmesan which is always a plus!!I got to try the food truck at the Bloomfield Italian Festival and was very impressed. I will definitely give them another try!
3	We ended up here after Union Pig and Chicken was closed. Place was alright, nothing really special. The menu went on about how good their burgers are, but I didn't think the beef was anything special. Burger was OK, but I've had much better. I may go back if I'm in the area kind of late again, otherwise I doubt it.
4	Nice place, king Salmon burger very delicious.
4	Good (but greasy) burgers, decent prices for the serving size.
5	Wow. I have wanted to come here for a while and finally made it. The for was great. Drinks were expertly made and the Button Buster was delicious. I'll be making another visit again, soon.
3	They have pretty good burgers and awesome happy hour deals. My BF frequently come here on fridays to wind down after a long week. That being said, it sucks to get hurried out of an establishment because "we have a large party waiting to sit". Last time I checked they do not take reservations and the manager flat out lied to our small group of 5. This being the first time being "kicked out" of a restaurant EVER! was new and leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Kind of hard to recommend such an establishment that lacks customer service 101. Common courtesy goes a long way.
3	This is not my favorite burger place in Pittsburgh. It's probably because the last time I was here, I asked for medium plus on my burger, and our waitress looked at me like I was crazy and told me that was not possible. Ok? How is that not possible? I understand that there is no button option on the ordering screen for "medium plus," but I'm pretty sure it's possible to jot a note to the chef. Anyway, needless to say, the meal started off on a sour note for me.I've been back two times since, and on both occasions, my burgers were dry. I tried the salmon burger once as well as the hippie burger on the other occasion. The burgers were fine, and the fries are actually very delicious, as well as the milkshakes, but I prefer Burgatory. Hands down.
3	I've been here several times since it opened years ago. I did the fried pickles, spiked milkshakes, and gourmet burgers, but mostly I come here for drinks anymore. It has an inviting ambiance and a nice big bar. The bartenders are pretty friendly and aren't too pretentious to chat with the customers! The cocktails are delicious, recently I had the gin basil gimlet. They also have gluten free beers, kudos! On the food: it's no Burgatory.
4	Delicious veggie burger, nice atmosphere, and some of the best french fries I've ever had. Oh, the staff has been amazingly friendly every time I've been here, too. Friendly, cheerful, and joking. Be sure to grab a draft beer, as well. I could do without the TV's, but that's just me.
2	Sorry BRGR, I loved the atmosphere that BRGR had but the service and food were abysmal. The waitress brusquely took our order and seemed irritated of our mere presence.  We took the food togo to her delight and found that our medium burgers were seemingly fresh off the cow.  I think that the burgers could have been delicious if given the time and would probably go to a different location.  The burgers were pretty expensive and I'm sad I had to waste our time there.
2	Let's start with the good things! I enjoyed my burger. I got "the brgr" (8 oz. handcrafted dry-aged prime beef, pickled red onions, arugula, creamy blue cheese, oven-roasted tomatoes), AND got to add a healthy piece of seared foie gras. (Aside: fois gras is not so easy to find in CA anymore...). Our little party also got both the herbed fries AND cajun tater tots. Both were delicious, and getting the truffled cheez whiz was a good idea. My alcoholic milkshake was also a win. So, after that, why only two stars? THE SERVICE WAS HORRENDOUS. It's like everyone who works here doesn't want to be there. They chat with themselves, they disappear for a while. If you're going to be in some sort of service position, you should look like you give a shit about the people you serve. Service was terribly spotty. The nicest, most polite person there was the busser - we asked him if he could send our server over (because we had basically been ignored for a while), and when I saw the exchange, it's like I could feel the eye-roll off his body language. And it still took a few moments longer than it should have to come over (of course, he had to finish that conversation with the other server). It's really unfortunate that, despite the good food, I'm really dissuaded from ever wanting to come back. The people that work here just suck that bad. Although, I would highly recommend that that busser go work somewhere that he'd get more in tips - I'm sure the lackluster service that the servers provide really affect his bottom line.
3	Ok burgers (but please when I ask for medium can i not get a well done burger - everyone else had burgers so I didn't want to hold back everyone and order another one)The shakes are ok, nothing too spectacular. I have only sat downstairs and not upstairs - so cannot say anything about the rooftop.They used to have the greek burger on the menu which i liked but can't seem to find again.Decent beer selection as well.
3	The food was great, but the service was abysmal.  Both the bartender and our food server seemed to be on drugs.  To the point where they seemed to have no idea where they were, what they were doing, or that they had customers to tend to.
4	My experience at BRGR started shaky but slowly improved. First, we were put on a half hour to forty-five minute wait for a party of two (note, they only accept walk-in reservations). The restaurant didn't seem to be at full capacity; however,  we ventured to the neighborhood in order to try this burger spot, so we didn't want to overhaul our plans. #endrantOnce we were seated, I ordered the BRGR fries and a alcoholic milkshake (the Cupajoe). The fries were thick cut and soft - not quite to my liking. They were also covered in shredded Parmesan cheese which didn't work for me. The shake was where the night started to improve. The alcohol the used was a bit poignant - not strong but overwhelming in taste. Otherwise, the shake was decent. I enjoyed the alcoholic shakes at Burgatory more.The night hit it off for me when we switched from a high table to one of the cozy couch areas. These areas are meant for about five people and are great for talking with a group while chowing down and watching the game on a multitude of screens (inclduing a large projector screen).The high point was the burger. I ordered the shrooms burger cooked at rare. The rare is more like medium rare at other places which was perfect for me. It was so juicy. It came with caramelized onions, mushrooms, and a drawing mustard aioli. It was so sweet and savory. Just a superb all-around burger. I would certainly return for it.In terms of the overall experience, I prefer Burgatory to BRGR, but I wouldn't discount BRGR for a good burger especially when you're in the area.
4	Unable to visit the much-hyped (and farther away) Burgatory, our party heeded a friend's recommendation to visit this more conveniently located, burger-focused eatery for Sunday lunch. We had tried to go the night prior, but the wait for four was 1.5 hours (!). Fortunately, the wait for our party of 7 was a more reasonable 30 minutes, but the bar was mostly empty so we chose to dine there immediately. I can't really speak to the normal, table-based service, but our bartender was quite gregarious and affable. She provided great menu suggestions and even helped us make plans for later in the evening.BRGR has a fairly solid tap and bottle list, with only a draft line or two dedicated to common swill and the rest to quality, craft brews. The food didn't quite match expectations but still hit the spot. My bison burger was overcooked past the requisite medium rare and seemed to lack the promised crunchy onion straws, but was nonetheless tasty with smoky chipotle aioli, tender mushrooms, and sharp cheddar. In contrast, my companion's "Fire in the Hole" arrived at a perfect medium rare and was quite delicious. Ditto on another friend's short rib "Button Buster," which leads one to believe the kitchen possesses more skill with cooking beef than the menu's more exotic offerings. The quality of the patties (both bison and beef) shone in the burgers. Vegetarian friends enjoyed their veggie burgers, which boasted a falafel patty rather than the de rigueur fake meat/mixed vegetable variety.Sides were exemplary, especially the wholesome, crispy-creamy-zesty Cajun tater tots. It's unfortunate you have to pay extra for fries/tots/onion rings but that's the way this joint does things, I guess. At least the side portions are big enough to share. I couldn't taste what was "spiked" about BRGR's coffee milkshake, but it nonetheless was tasty and a good example of dairy craft. BRGR can be a little pricey and the waits can be surprisingly long (no reservations and a 1.5 hour wait for 4 on Saturday night), but if the burger craving strikes this place's creations will undoubtedly hit the spot.
3	Another occasion where 3 1/2 stars would be perfect!BRGR has upped their game in the last 6-9 months, and after another visit or two, I might even bump this up to 4 stars. Their tater tots are the best in the city, and some ofd the best I've ever had. I am a big fan of their turkey burger, and I feel like all of their burgers have been a little better lately. Plus they have a good vegetarian burger that can easily be made vegan, and they're sensitive to those needs to.Cons: the atmosphere is a little too loud and unfocused. I think a place like Burgatory does a better job of balancing the casualness of the burger restaurant with the higher prices. And BRGR's beer selection is a little boring sometimes, and cocktails can be hit or miss. But overall, it's a great option, and I'm glad to see it's gotten better in recent months. Those tots, man...they're really terrific.
4	This place is pretty good. Good burgers and fries. Their signature burgers are tasty blends, not just stuff thrown together for creativity sake. The fries are pretty good as well.  Nice ambiance, lots of TVs.  Seems like a nice spot for lunch or the evening.  I've ordered take out since going there the first time. One thing I don't like is that they charge separately for burgers and fries instead of in combos, but that's fine really. Nice place.
4	You won't regret making your own juicy burger! They have unique toppings that will make your mouth water! For example: pieorgies, cheese sticks, chicken fingers and such!
2	my date and I both had a very uninspiring buffalo burger and fries. won't be back for the food but my come back for a shake based on other reviews. it was interesting to watch the other customers flag down the waitstaff for service. we eventually had to do the same thing. it wasn't busy but our waitress simply couldn't be bothered.
4	I got the fire in the hole burger and it was delicious! I saw there were some complaints about the service, but our party of 10 had no issue. It may be due to the fact that we went around 9:30pm on a Tuesday. I wish you didn't just just get a burger without sides, it seems like that's the trend for burger places around here.
4	Delicious sangria, great service, yummy food. Good place to meet friends or sit at the bar and read.
2	I have been to BRGR 4 times.  The food is great and I was always recommending it and preferred it over Burgatory.  Our last visit, however, may be our last visit.  There were 4 of us - 2 of which were newbies and came on our recommendation.  All was good up until the very end.  We had paid our check and were sitting there chatting NO MORE THAN 5 minutes when our server informed us that they needed our table and requested that we leave.  Granted, we were offered a to-go milkshake but, in my opinion, that HARDLY makes up for the embarrassment and humiliation of being asked to leave a restaurant for ANY reason.  I would have certainly understood more if we had been sitting at our table for 20-30 minutes - but 5 minutes?  Really?  We will miss you BRGR - but I simply refuse to be treated that way no matter how busy you are.  And you weren't even all that busy.  Bottom-line - good burgers and food but they are more into turning tables over than making their customers feel valued or caring if they ever return.
5	BF surprised me and took me here for late lunch. the place is huge! we stopped in the middle of the week and there was probably 4 other couples there. the staff looked pretty bored, all stood around pretending to work, one staff was cold so she literally walked around covered up in her blanket...very professional! not. anyways wait staff didn't seem to enjoy her work either nor did she stopped by frequently for anything. I honestly was not happy with the staff but the food made up 100%! bf ordered the button buster and I ordered the shrimp po boy and we both shared an order if tater tots! there were condiments on the table and the crack dip was really crack dip, soon as I dipped a piece of tater tot into it, I seriously was hooked! must go there again soon!!!!
3	Came around noon with three other friends on a Saturday.  Guess we beat the rush because we were seated right away.  The service is nice when the waitress is at your table, but for a place that wasn't so busy, I'd say it was a little spotty.  What was exceptional, however, was that when we ordered our Salted Caramel (spiked with Bourbon) shake and said we'd share it, the waitress automatically brought it out in two glasses, which was thoughtful. In terms of the burgers though...My friend and I got a Shrooms  (mushrooms, brie, caramelized onion) burger and a Double Yoi (pastrami, egg, swiss cheese, slaw) to share.  The burgers are super oily and unfortunately, the beef patties seemed so sadly underseasoned.  It was so so so underseasoned that the burger probably would've been just as good without the patties.  Sad.  The Shrooms came out on top though- the Double Yoi ended up being really heavy, even with the slaw.  I liked the ideas behind the burgers, but felt that the execution wasn't so great. The fries are pretty bomb though, so if you come, get some for the table to share.
3	If I had given this place a rating before they changed the menu, I would have given this place a 4. Not that the newer menu isn't better ... there is a lot more variety on it in terms of the kind of burgers you can get and they added some flair to the appetizer menu. The one thing that really made this place stand out was the fact that they used to have half-off on the Average Joe burger after 10 PM. $4 for a premium burger that is customizable fixings for $1 each is simply such a steal ... that just doesn't exist anymore. The new menu is nice though ... appetizers are good and them milkshakes are always nice to have.
5	Absolutely one of the best burger places around! My boyfriend always enjoys whatever burger he gets and I love their veggie falafel burger. The salads are great too and you get a good sized portion. I love sitting at the bar and the bartenders have always been extremely helpful. It also doesn't hurt that their draft list is great!
3	The location is the only reason to eat here. For the price, you could go to Stack'd and have the same quality food at a slightly cheaper price (and better shopping surroundings). And If you think this place compares to Burgatory, you're wrong. I'll admit the milkshakes are tasty, but way overpriced. And all the other food I've had here was just so-so.
3	Got the turkey burger and it was yummy. My friends said their burgers were cooked more than they wanted though. Still, food was good. Our server didn't check back often but I know typically they are more attentive because I've been to this location a few times
3	My bf and I visited BRGR during the day; we chose to sit on the rooftop deck (nice feature) because the dining room is too dark, kinda blah. We were seated, there were fries under the table and chairs, not very clean. It seems anymore that a waitress not being hostile is the new 'nice'. Very hip attitude, not very talkative.I ordered a burger for 10$, but that does not come with sides.The food came out very quick; which isn't always a good thing because I go out so that I can sit and relax for a little while, not just eat and get the hell out the door! The burger wasn't bad, but certainly nothing special, and definitely not worth the price. The beef was cooked well, but I dont think they used any seasoning, the cheese tasted like cheap flavorless cheese. Of note; neither the fries or onion rings are homemade :(The place is ok, but doesn't live up to it's name BRGR. I was expecting a damn good burger!BURGATORY is much much much better. The food is better, sides are homemade, and the selection of burgers is way bigger and they have a 'make your own burger' menu.
4	5:30 dinner scheduled in the heart of East Liberty, or is it East Side these days.  My friend Tammy and I started at the bar of BRGR, which was surprisingly quiet for a Thursday happy hour.  However, we soon learned why the inside was quiet.  With several beers on tap, I enjoyed a cold white Belgium beer as she sipped on a glass of red.  We seemlessly closed out our tab and worked over to the hostess.  The plan was to sit on the rooftop deck and soak in the beautiful spring weather, but it was seated to full capacity (around 6 PM).  The next best table was available, a high top along Centre Avenue (great for people watching).  BRGR is a great place for folks with food allergies, as my friend made some special requests that were all met with ease.  We had a duo/team serving us, 1/2 in training.Tammy did not want the bun, but the trainee confidently offered a lettuce wrap to replace the bun.  She also had an option to choose a healthier side vs. fries (which I ordered) and decided on a vinegar based coleslaw.  Not for everyone, I ended up eating the majority of that slaw, mixed with raisins and carrots.  My Turkey Burger was juicy and heartily topped with avocado, tomato and a sweet dressing.  A great place for candid conversation, the interior of BRGR did not change much from its previous occupant, 2Red.  Since its inception in the Pittsburgh market, BRGR has expanded to the North (Wexford), South (The Gallera Mall - Opening TBD) and PNC Park.  There is a food truck option for catering and festivals.  With higher end burger joints serving as a huge foodie trend, the price for drinks and food was a bit pricey.  That would be my only constructive comment about the experience.  Cheers!
4	As a non-beef eater, I'm always leery of burger places.  I came here in Nov. on the recommendation of my labmate, who recommended their gobble gobble burger.  This burger has a turkey patty, cranberry aioli, pickled green beans, stuffing, and gravy--basically, it's Thanksgiving on a bun!  What a novel--and delicious--concept!  It was as delectable as it sounds.  My only complaint is that, if you put the gravy that comes on the side on it, it's quite messy, so make sure you ask for some extra napkins to clean up!  I ordered the tater tots with it, which were great for splitting between my dining companion, if a bit pedestrian.  On a subsequent visit, I ordered the homemade chips with it, which were also great to split, but again, I've had better (at Fat Heads). I also ordered the chocolate cherry bourbon spiked float, which had a nice smooth flavor.  I'm not a huge bourbon fan, however, and I preferred the adult root beer float, which I tried on a subsequent visit (yum!).I went on a Sat. evening, and there was no wait.  Per the hostess's suggestion, I dined on the rooftop deck, which has a relaxed atmosphere and a great view of East Liberty/Shadyside.  Even though it was chilly, I didn't feel cold, thanks to the heat lamps.  Service was attentive without being overbearing.Re: the question of BRGR vs. Burgatory, I thought the burgers (turkey and chicken, respectively) were very similar in quality.  Given that I don't eat beef, I can't comment on the beef burgers, or matters such as doneness.  I preferred the atmosphere at BRGR, whereas the shakes at Burgatory are more innovative.  I also felt that the sides were better at Burgatory, and I like that Burgatory provides free chips, at least (BRGR serves all entrees strictly a la carte, with no sides).  Location-wise, BRGR is more convenient to me.  Between all of these factors, it's a close toss-up, but Burgatory has a slight edge on food quality/innovativeness and value.
4	A solid joint that nails the fundamental aspect of their business -- good beef. Their rooftop deck is also a huge plus. Bun, pickle, and toppings are so-so; if you're not quick, the bun disintegrates into a sloppy mess. Not that a burger place would be ideal for vegetarians, but the veggie burger is decent. It's best described as spicy falafel with some black beans sprinkled in. Overall, a pretty good experience.  Service and food prices were good. Beer prices were a little steep. Cleanliness was not an issue in our visit.
3	The first time I visited this location I ordered the Fire in the Hole burger since I'm a huge fan of spicy food. My food was delicious.The service here wasn't so great. Honestly I didn't feel like my server even deserved a tip. I thought that this may have been a one time occurrence and the server may have been having a bad day. However, the second time  I visited BRGR I was met with the same result. The server that I had that day was also very rude. The food was good though. That's the only reason why I'm giving this place three stars.
4	My husband and I recently ate at BRGR during a trip to the Pittsburgh Arts Festival.  We thought it was great.  We were seated near the bar and the waitress immediately brought water to the table.  From that point, our service was acceptable but not great.  The decor is contemporary western which compliments the beef dependent menu.  The bathrooms were clean and attractive.  Now, the food.  The food was great.  We ordered and split one of the adult milkshakes and it was amazing.  I now believe that no vanilla ice cream should be served without bourbon.  I had the button buster which was delicious and rich, my husband had the smokehouse bison which would be my choice for our next visit.  We shared an order of fries which were tasty.  All in all, it was a very good experience.  Only 4 stars because our waitress was too busy socializing to give us the caliber of service I have come to expect with any restaurant, but especially for a restaurant with what appeared to be an abundance of wait staff for a relatively slimly populated dining room.  We would certainly return.
3	When I went to BRGR, I got The Button Buster. I'll have to say, I was pretty excited because this looked like an awesome burger. However, I was a little disappointed. The braised short ribs on top of the burger were quite fatty and unappetizing. I took off the remaining short ribs and finished more of the burger. I wish that it would have come with a side as well. Overall, if I go here again I will definitely get a different burger.
4	The falafel patty was alright. Service at the bar was great. Great cocktails. Would definitely return, albeit to order something else.
4	I ate at BRGR for the first time this weekend. Although it was muggy outside we sat upstairs. With the ceiling fans going and a great view, I was glad we made that choice. For 7 o'clock on a Friday night it was pretty slow. We got seated right away and our waitress seemed almost bored, constantly checking on us which I guess is better than not. Now on to the food. We all had the summer shandy cocktail, which was citrus vodka, yuengling and lemonade and it was delish. For apps we had the chips and crack dip and also the fried grilled cheese. Both of which were delicious. We had to get a second order of the chips, the cheese dip is that good. We all had burgers which were also good. Was it OMG best burger I ever had in my life, no. But all in all, great service, great drinks and a good burger = a good time. Oh and they also have valet for $3 which is a deal because parking down there can be a nightmare!
4	I am new to Pittsburgh and some suggested I stop by this restaurant. I had never been to Shadyside before (which is a cool place!) and from my first impression I liked it! It's a cool place with a young staff and great decor. They had multiple seating options (maybe because I was there on a slow night?) but we got a great seat by the window. I had a burger and a spiked shake - can it get any better than a shake and alcohol?! The burger was great - much more than I could eat in one sitting. The fries were tasty as well. My waitress was kind and the host even chatted for a while about things to do in Pittsburgh. I'll def be back when I'm in the area again and would love to bring friends!
3	Had a lovely dinner on the rooftop outside. Our waiter recommended the pulled pork tater tot appetizer & it was a fantastic suggestion. I had The Brgr, it was pretty good. I did not enjoy the burger bun, however. It wasn't anything special and didn't add more flavor to the burger. It was a great experience but for my money I'd rather go to Burgatory
3	My husband had the Smokehouse Bison; and, I had the Santa Fe Hippie. He wolfed down his without complaint. Mine had incredible flavors but was WAY too spicy - even for someone who likes a bite to her burgers. The fries are always a win and the service is average. I wouldn't rate this any better or worse than other craft burger joints in the 'Burgh.
2	Love the food but servers move soooo slow, like it's a fashion show and do not take accountability of the restaurant.  I've been here a few times and the service overall can be better.  We sat on a very dirty table and asked a server if the table can possibly be wiped.  She says "oh I don't know what that is... It's ok".  Well, it's food.  And no it's not really ok, mainly because it only shows lack of accountability.  Then we sat for almost 15 mins til we got a menu coz servers forgot we were even there.  No system, bad customer service.
3	I've been twice, underwhelmed both times by both service (inconsistent and not particularly friendly) and the burgers (fine, but ...). I see lots of other raves, so maybe just not a good match for me.
4	I was torn between giving it 3 or 4 stars. The sante fe hippie burger was just okay, but the bison burger was absolutely delicious. The spiked shakes are also really good. THe restaurant is big, has TVs, and is a great location.On one visit, it was great service, yet the other visit wasn't so good. I ordered a cocktail during HH which was good and ordered it again. The second time it was almost all orange juice. He then messed up on my receipt. Though, I gave it 4 stars because these could be mistakes anyone could make at any day or time. As long as I stay clear from this waiter, I'd come here again.
5	My husband and I just had dinner.  The service was excellent..The food was very very fresh and we'll portioned..The atmosphere was very relaxed..and the pricing and creativity of the menu was fantastic!!!! I highly recommend it!!
5	My first experience at BRGR was great. The atmosphere was chill. I had a lot of space , it nice and quiet and most importantly the food was perfect. It was served fast and it was fresh off the grill.
4	Spectacular atmosphere, friendly, albeit a bit slow service, Delicious food (especially the fries!!!) The service I wouldn't complain about because they were very busy. The prices were a little more than what I was expecting. The only real let down is that they do not allow substitutions. 4 of 5
5	Wow. Their burgers are cooked perfectly. It was savory and tender and juicy and the topping were the right proportions and it was delicious. Would definitely go again.
4	Great burguers and milkshakes. Long lines, but I guess that's a good thing, right? Would definitely go back!
3	We arrived at closing time...that may have affected my order.  I ordered the salmon burger and its ok! It wasn't very flavorful....very bland. The aioli sauce saved it from tasting like cardboard.  Sorry, but I wasn't impressed.
4	I loved this place. It was a week night, so it wasn't overly crowded.  Valet parking worked as expected.  The theme inside seemed slightly confused-- sort of a classier place but still with sports blaring on a million screens. Cozy though.The lady I went with has nearly the total opposite diet I currently eat (vegetarian vs low-carb carnivore), and yet we were both able to easily find things we thoroughly enjoyed.  I ordered a fairly standard burger (sans bun) which came as a lettuce wrap.  I can't put my finger on what it was-- perhaps higher quality ingredients-- but I savored every bite.  Overall a great experience, and the first place in a long while that I'm actually excited about going back to soon.
4	This place is pretty good. I have no complaints, but it's nothing too special. Okay... I'm a vegetarian, so I can't comment on the burgers. But the service has always been quick and friendly here from the servers and bartenders. The shakes are good, but I usually order one of the well-priced craft beers (they have a great selection) or a deconstructed cocktail.My favourite is probably the deconstructed tequila cocktail - a shot of tequila with a chaser of sangrita (yes!!!) followed with a can of tecate for $7. My boyfriend got the pickle back - a shot of whiskey with a pickle juice chaser followed by a PBR for $6. Nice! I think these are really fun.The crack dip is good, but the truffle cheese wiz is even way better. That's the dip that brings me back for serious bar snacks. Yum!
3	Nothing much to brag about at BRGR.  Stopped there on a Sunday afternoon with the family.  the food was okay.  It didn't really doesn't differentiate itself from other local gourmet burger chains like Burgatory.  The roll that was used appeared to be fresh baked and quite soft but unnecessarily greasy.  Burgers are greasy enough.  I don't think it's necessary to wipe the top of the bun down with grease just so it appears shiny.  Prices are on par with Burgatory but your burger includes no side.  Not even chips.  I really hate this trend of charging $10 for a sandwich and then charging $4 for fries, $5 for onion rings, or even more for a side salad.  At least Burgatory includes chips with their food.  I don't see this as a place I'd go to again.  There are better options for burgers in the 'Burgh.
2	If you are looking for food of a different type,  this is definitely the place for you.  The food I ordered was entirely not what I thought and it included onions,  even though it was not supposed to logically have onions. Though the staff was nice and friendly I was extremely unhappy with my food, as was my date.
4	I visited the East Liberty location for lunch one afternoon in early October.  The service at the bar was great and I really enjoyed my burger.  I was happy to find some yummy pumpkin beer on tap which made my day even better.  I will definitely go back.
4	Milkshakes are good, burgers are good also but this place is no burgertory. Nice place, not to noisy, sports games playing, hipster music in the background and good service makes this place good enough to come back to.
3	We were told we would be accommodated for a group of 8 to show up at 8:00 PM. We showed up at 7:45 and were told we'd be seated right away. I'm writing this review at 9:15 PM as we've been sitting here for an hour and a half. A group of 8 sat down before us due to a "mix-up" with scheduling. I would never come back here as the staff seems to be inept at customer service.Update: The manager and wait staff offered us free appetizers and bought us our first round of drinks for free to make up for their scheduling mistake.
2	I went here with high expectations, which were quickly and rudely dashed. The burgers are covered with slop and it's almost impossible to find a side dish that isn't fried. Don't go here looking for a healthy meal. You'll get your entire week's fat intake in one sitting.  It also tends to be crowded and noisy, like a sports bar.  The menu seems limited to sauce-slathered crap, with a side of something greasy, with a dippy-cup full of more melted slop.  For supposedly being a high-end burger joint, the food is remarkably juvenile.  I picture their kitchen as having two tools: the broiler, and the deep fryer.  Next to a big pallet of fluffy buns.  And tubs of mayo and ranch dressing.
3	The manager and wait staff offered us free appetizers and first round of drinks. This was a nice gesture to make up for the scheduling mistake. Food was good also.
2	This place is wayy over hyped.  For being such a trendy place I would expect much better.  The burgers are ok but don't compare to the other top burger spots around the city.  Stop by BRGR if you want to pay $20 for an overcooked & undersized burger and a small side of fries.  I also found a rubberband in the truffel cheese whiz--yummy!
4	Overall this place was excellent. The atmosphere was somehow classy and casual with bar seating, couches and lounge areas and tables. We thoroughly enjoyed the rueben eggrolls for an appetizer but were disappointed that the fried pickles were in spear form instead of chips style. The BRGR burger was deliciously juicy but the highlight was the Big Easy shrimp burger. It was AMAZING. The Cajun tater tots were well seasoned and came with ranch dipping sauce. We finished the meal with a boozy cookies and cream milkshake that perfectly rounded out the meal. My husband and I will definitely be coming back!
3	Their burgers are different, so if you want a traditional burger, you'll have to order off the menu.  Additionally, everything is a la carte, so the bill adds up quickly.
2	Burgers are very low quality. Service is cordial and bland. Tots taste like food you'd eat after a night of drinking. Wouldn't dine again.
2	Interesting menu but always disappointing. Overpriced for the quality of ingredients and portions. Each time I've eaten here, I wish I had just gone to Five Guys and saved a few bucks for a better product.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant. I usually take friends here whenever they visit. Their burger selection has something for everyone. I find their veggie burgers incredible. I've had a table on the patio probably 5 out of the 6 times I've been there and the wait has never been very long.
5	Never have a bad meal. I always stick to just an average joe burger and chips with crack dip. Have tried other appetizers but didn't do it for me at all. Grilled cheese bites are not good. Button buster and fire in the hole are also very good. I like all of their milkshakes, but have been making them at home which are just as good!!!Skip burgatory and go to BRGR. Like other reviewers, much homier and does not feel like a franchise when you walk in.
