4	Thai'd Up is run by 3 families of which the 3 Thai wives carry ancient family cooking secrets that not even their husbands know.  They take their food seriously and have great pride in the dishes they've produced.The locale is nicely decorated with nothing over the top.  Clean & casual was the atmosphere.  Great place for a downtown lunch.  The menu was full of Thai favorites plus a few more intriguing selections.  Enough variety that I will be coming back again during dinner.  I decided on the Moo Dang and never regretted a moment of it.  The pink BBQ pork was full of flavor and the rice was perfectly sticky.  The soup and eggrolls that came with the lunch specials were a great touch.  The eggrolls themselves were a real treat, light and crispy just the way I love them.Being only open a week, I know it's normal for the chefs to be peering out of the kitchen, watching and waiting for reactions.  As for our table, there was nothing but positive feedback.   Before leaving, one of the owners stopped by our table and thanked us for stopping in.  He filled us in on how passionate their wives all were and just how serious they are about recreating authentic dishes.  I assured them, I will be back.
2	Not impressed - the water was unfiltered, the food was not authentic or good and the service was not attentive.
4	In the last couple of months this summer we had 2 new thai restraurants pop up in Downtown Phoenix, both no more than 2 blocks or less from long time Thai establishment Thai Elephant.  I guess we shall see how great the demand is for Thai in centeral PHX with at least 5 Thai restaurants within a 2ish mile radius.  After seeing they had openend on my walk into work and not having packed my lunch that day.  I decided to see if they have a website and check out the menu.  Humm....not bad. So I called in my order just before noon.  Panang curry lunch special, chicken, medium..."that will be ready in 10 min", she replied and hung up the phone.  She didn't take my name, I guess she was confident or they didn't get many carry out calls.  I walked over and it was ready and waiting for me.  The little restaurant was bright, clean and teaming with an active lunch crowd. I took my order and walked back to my office where I opened my bag to discover a covered bowl of creamy well seasoned Panang curry (next time I will order it hotter) sliced chicken breast, bell peppers and a side of steamed broccoli and white rice.  I quickly tossed the broccoli into the curry and began sipping on this delightful curry sauce.  Now I am a bit picky since red curry is of my my favorites and I can make it at home (live in the boonies and you learn to make the dishes you love and can't get without a 2+hr drive).  This was quite tasty, but the Duck Pineapple red curry at Siam Thai is still my favorite red curry in the valley. Thai'd up...you've caught my attention!
5	Wow is the best way to put it. Since I travel a lot, and love spicy food, I frequently try to search out unique and tasty places. The food these lady's put out is among the best Thai food I have had and I have been to many. The great combination of awesome food with a friendly attentive staff makes this a "go to" place. I can assure you this will be on my list on the next trip to the area, and now I can't wait to come back!
1	There are 2 other Thai restaurants within walking distance.  They are both very good and have great service despite the lunch crowds.  Although I was promptly seated on a shot gun booth facing a wall that makes you feel completely cut off from the rest of the venue, the service was terrible!  I waited and waited for someone to help me.  I tried flagging down some help a couple of times.  At one point a waitress said she would send someone and never did.  Finally, I got my order in. Whew!They brought me a bowl of coconut soup as part of the meal.  It was quite good.  My Pad Thai was delivered promptly albeit practically tossed at me.  I mean, I know they are busy...sort of...but it's lunch time in downtown...prepare for it!!  So, the food is actually pretty good,but not great.  The noodles were a little cold and sticky, but the flavor was still good.After my meal, I waited and waited for my check.  Someone finally went to get it for me, but it seems that she forgot, so I'm waiting.  In the meantime, I changed my 2 stars to a 1 star.I'll try once more to make sure this isn't a fluke, so...uhhhh...better luck next time!
5	Dined this Saturday afternoon. We were the first customers of the day, and were seated in a comfy booth. Pros. Excellent service, quality food, great value.  We started with the larb salad...traditional and delicious. My better half ordered the chicken basil, which was flavorful...and bountiful. I ordered the snow pea dish with chicken and thaid up sauce...pleasantly surprised. Would definitely order it again.Cons. Parking...of course, anywhere in Phoenix is not convenient parking.
3	If you told me 20 months ago, when I first started working in Downtown Phoenix, that by fall 2011 my building (US Bank tower) would literally be surrounded by Asian restaurants I would have checked your vitals. Well, that's exactly what happened and we're all richer for it.Joining trailblazer Thai Elephant and relative newcomers Viet Kitchen and Thai Basil in Downtown's Asian hot spot is Thai'd Up, an unsuspecting joint residing in the Central/Adams retail space formerly occupied by yawner eateries Cafe Roma and the gone-in-60-seconds CityScapes.Thai'd Up exorcises the ghosts of crappy restaurants past and churns out some flavorful food at a decent price point.Thumbs Down: Service was sluggish; starter soup was cold; Level 4 spice (1-5) tasted more like Level 2; music was awful, maybe even intentionally so.Thumbs Up: The entree soup (coconut) was some of the best I've ever had;  egg roll was crisp and fresh; drunken noodles came out piping hot and were tasty; portions were generous; my colleague picked up the check.I'm eager to go back to try the vegetable spring rolls, Thai eggplant, and sweet and sour noodles.I also like that the dinner menu at Thai'd Up is different than the lunch menu, a rare and encouraging thing in Downtown Phoenix.
4	I've been eating my way through the lunch menu since their opening this summer (2011) and I have to say this is some pretty good Thai. The lunch hours are very bustling so I learned quickly to call in my take-out order in advance to avoid the wait. I've dined in a few times with the service and quality being consistently good regardless of how busy they were and that is a very good thing. They also get good marks from me for subbing items without a fuss. I know to expect the presence of bell pepper in Thai cuisine; however, I just don't like them.  I will eat anything and it's not typical of me to be picky but I just hate bell peppers.  It is the only vegetable I won't eat. So, I asked politely if they wouldn't mind subbing out my bell peppers for extra green beans. My server appeared pleased to do so. I was pleased too.So on to the food!Lunch Menu:I love the Wok#10 - Spicy Green Bean add chicken no bell . I learned to ask for my spice level to be spicy-spicy since the just spicy is not spicy enough.  Great dish. The Wok#5 -Ginger Angel add chicken no bell- sub green bean. Mmmm, I had this dish a few times. Yup, that good.I was also pleased with the Wok#4-Vegitable Delight add mixed meat requested spicy-spicy. The Red Curry#15 add chicken sub out bell was good but it could have been just a little more spicy for me. I think I'll request this to be spicy-spicy- spicy next time.I'll also add that the lunch portions are sizable enough for two meals. Good for my belly and wallet. I'm excited to try out the dinner menu soon. I've got my eye on the Tiger's Cry and Fish of Three Flavors.
4	There is a Thai party down town and everyone is invited. Everyone needs to be to support 3 Thai options in a square block especially in a area that is mostly quiet after 5:30pm.All thai'd up has a very similar lunch menu to the other offerings in the area, similar feel on the inside and pricing as well. The one thing I noticed that was different was the soup, which had a splash of Thai curry in it. It was a good touch even if it is not true to Thai soups.I had the spicy noodles with tofu and veggies $8. It came with soup and  a small veggie spring roll. It was good with fresh veggies, wide noodles and flash cried and then sliced tofu, but it was nothing special compared to elephant or basil.My coworker had a beef dish, he was impressed with the quality of the meat in the dish. This may be the deciding factor for some if you eat meat. Bottom line, give it a try, if there is a wait (all tables are thai'd up) check the next Thai place around the corner as thy are all similar.As a side note, ever notice how most Thai restaurants have Thai in the name? I find it odd.
1	I just got back from lunch at this place today.  I've been to many places in the downtown area for lunch (I work in the area), and this was, in my opinion, by far my worst experience eating lunch at a downtown establishment.  We arrived at the restaurant at about 11:50 a.m.  I arrived with my party, a group of 5, and nobody else was waiting in line.  As the waitress (they don't have any hosts/hostesses) was trying to figure out how to accomodate our group of 5, she seated the group of 2  that came in from behind us.  No big deal - that was a more typical number for them to seat.About a minute later, she sat us next to the cash register.  Next to us were two ladies who had ordered their food to go and were still waiting.  I had overheard one of the ladies comment to the other lady wondering what was taking their food so long.  An omen of things to come.We received water fairly quickly, then was given soup before we ordered.  The soup was fine compared to similar establishments, although it only had tofu in it rather than maybe one or two pieces of chicken.We ordered our food: two orders of drunken noodles; one spicy green bean with chicken, one ginger chicken with brown rice, and I ordered the spicy eggplant with brown rice.  Not a complicated order.  Especially when considering the menu is simple: they have like 14-16 lunch specials, and the only difference in price is whether or not you order a different kind of protein.  It's cookie cutter, generic Thai food.  We ordered at around 11:55 a.m.My group and I are all friends, so we were conversing for awhile without thinking about how long it was taking.  By about 12:25 p.m. we were wondering what was going on.  I looked over to the table to my right, which is a table of 10 right next to the storefront window of the restaurant.  A group of 10 people that had been seated after us had already gotten their food and were in the process of paying their checks.  I then saw the group of 2 who were seated just before us finishing up their meals as well.  Not a good sign.At about 12:30 p.m., I got up from my seat and asked the lady at the cash register if we were going to be getting our meals anytime soon.  She asked me where I was seated, noticed I came from right around the corner of the register, didn't really answer me, turned around to some people and started speaking in a different language to either the cooks or the other waitresses.  I sat back down and she darted by shortly thereafter saying 5 more minutes.Now I was checking my phone constantly.  At 12:38, two orders came out: one of the drunken noodles and the spicy green bean with chicken.  My two friends began eating, as we had already been waiting for so long.  Two more orders came out at 12:40: the other drunken noodle and the ginger chicken.  I looked to my right: the group of 10 had gotten up and walked out of the restaurant.  I then got my dish.  Needless to say, I was not happy.As we hurriedly scarfed down our food, we asked for the check.  We noticed that the two dishes that had ordered brown rice received an additional $2 charge, when the menu said $1.  I immediately darted up from my seat and went to the cashier and notified her of the problem.  To her credit, she fixed it immediately.I then started eating my food.  Considering I had to wait over 45 minutes for it, it was not even all that hot - temperature or spice wise.  I bit into several pieces of eggplant that were still cold - like the stirfry hadn't gotten all the freezer burn out of it just quite, and now it was just cold instead of frozen.  I had also asked for it to be spicy hot, and it wasn't even close to even being mild spicy.  For a dish that is supposed to be "spicy eggplant" and I ordered it hot: well, it wasn't particularly authentic Thai spicy.We asked them to split the check five ways by giving the cashier 5 credit cards (which is just the norm for downtown joints these days).  I asked her why our order took so long and why a table that had 10 people seated after us were able to get their food, eat, and pay before we even received our dishes.  The only answer I got was thank you for being patient, and that the group of 10 had called in their order.  There were no apologies, and no credit to our meals offered.  It then took them a long time to get us our checks.The service here was ridiculous.  Apparently, they treat people who call in their orders with more priority than other guests.  (And yet, many take out orders waited near us). That's not quite a solution for a poorly run restaurant.  Nor was the food all that great either.  I will not be coming back here, and I would advise that anyone else interested in a normal length lunch not even bother either.  But if you don't care that your order comes out 45 minutes after you order it during lunch, you get overcharged for items you ordered, and enjoy subpar non-authentic food, well then by all means, go ahead and come here.
4	Thai food is wonderful. I am no expert in it, but I have spent time in Bangkok and Chiang Mai. There was a wonderful place downtown Phoenix called Thai Elephant. It is now been reopened as another Thai place, but I've yet to eat there. I work downtown and happened to walk by Thai'd Up. It didn't look so good from the outside. But I went in and checked out the menu. The list of curries was great. My all-time favorite is Panang curry with chicken. They had a lunch special that offered it. Our server (who was polite and attentive) brought a tofu soup that immediately took me back to cafe's in Chiang Mai. It had a wonderful mix of sweet and sour. I ordered the panang and was not disappointed. The closest I've found to the amazing tastes of the Lemon Tree in Chiang Mai was at Thai Elephant. Well, I have to tell you -it was as good if not better at Thai'd Up. The chicken was cooked well, the curry was perfect and the carrots and peppers were fresh. It was fantastic. There are a whole slew of Thai places in Phoenix, but this place is at the top of my list. I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because I've only been there once.But I'll be back!
2	Review is for Dinner/Weekend - for mid-week lunch, price points and food seem good.I live downtown, so I love new restaurants.  There are three Thai restaurants within 3 walking blocks of where I live, and this is one of them.It's frustrating that the jack up their prices so much for evening/weekend food, then complain when they are dead on the weekend.  Hello!  It's downtown.  If you want to stay busy on the weekend, you should at LEAST offer the same deals on the weekend, if not actually offer cheaper prices.$10 bucks for minced chicken and stir fried veggies.  Ordered Basil plate, hot.  Was medium spice at best.I finished my plate.  It wasn't terrible.  It wasn't terribly expensive either, of course.   Service was okay.  Only patron at restaurant at 12pm.I just won't be back.  I think it's the lesser of the 3 downtown Thai restaurants.  Again, for weekday lunch, I might very well have different review, given the value it represents with a bowl of soup, etc.  But for the price, quantity, taste... I'll frequent other restaurants first.
4	First time customer.I Had the Drunken Noodles (one level above medium spicy)... LOVED IT!Also ordered a yummy dessert: Sticky rice with custard.I was stuck working late & this was a real treat considering many downtown spots close early.  Great to-go spot.  I will definitely go back.This is a mom & pop place so you should cut them some slack if they are short-handed when it comes to service.  They didn't answer the phone on the 1st try, but I called again & placed my order.  The food is good and that's what matters.
4	Great lunch experience! I went around 1 so I might have missed the noon lunch rush but our service was super prompt and quick. I was even able to drag someone along and got to pop their Thai cherry (i love getting people out of their normal food box and try something new) and they loved their meal as well. I tried the pad thai and got it pretty spicy and it was delicious. Their spring rolls are mighty tasty as well. For lunch portions they give you a lot of food but I'm not one to complain about leftovers :)**check in on Yelp to get the 10% discount**
3	Stopped in on a whim while walking around downtown Phoenix on a day off w/ my son. The atmosphere is nice, people are friendly, but the food was sort of bland.Items ordered included: Pad Thai (3 out of 5 stars), Curry Chicken (3 out of 5 stars) Garlic Eggplant w/ tofu (3 out of 5 stars), and Thai Iced tea (5 of 5).Keep reaching, Thai'd Up, your food is on the right path... and your name RAWKS!
5	This is one of the best places in Phoenix!!  Our crew has eaten their every other day.  Try the #5 spice wow what good food.  The place is a little small but the service is great and the food is delivered super fast. Their lunch specials are well priced and you just enough, well enough even for a fat guy who loves their food. Give it a try and you will not be disapointed..
4	Fast-yummy-delicious !!  I had chicken satay and shrimp spring rolls $15 & it was more than enough.
5	I never give 5 stars but I must stay this was a great surprise! And I am one to usually write bad reviews on yelp. Just the other day I told a new cafe they remind me of a subway that was shut down so they painted the walls green and started serving coffee. Anyway, I took my fiance at lunch time to Thai'd Up and I loved getting seated quickly, and the bowl of coconut milk soup that was given to us right away. Nice touch! The menus are easy to order from. I loved the garlic and black pepper chicken dish! I love the decor. Well done. The name is even kind of fun. I even saw a 12 news broadcaster eating there..got to like celebrity sightings! Service was super friendly even though they were packed in there. Yes..we will be back!
3	The food is far better than the service. Ate dinner there recently and had spring rolls appetizer and a wok entree. Total was ~$20. The food was very good...fresh, well prepared, and more than enough. Medium spicy was terrific...had a good zest, but not overpowering. If I were rating the food alone, I'd give the place 4 stars.But, the service was quite bad. I was directed to sit at a booth by a waitress and it took nearly 5 minutes for someone to come by and ask me if someone had taken my order. Nope...didn't even have a menu. Then, the appetizer and the entree came out together, but without rice. I had to flag someone down to ask for rice, and the waitress looked at me like asking for rice in a Thai restaurant was somehow really odd. Then, no refill on my drink was ever offered. In fact, after the rice was brought out, I never had contact with anyone again until someone put a check on my table as they walked by. Then, it took another 5 minutes to get my charge slip returned, at which point I had to walk up to the register to get a pen to sign the receipt. It was comically bad, really...maybe they were trainees, I'm not sure. So, 2 stars for service, giving an average of 3 stars.My recommendation:  hit this place up for take-out.
3	We tried the Spicy Basil Chicken and the Spicy Eggplant with Chicken on the hot level request. On our visit the hot level was more of a 6 out of ten but they do offer Thai hot and double Thai hot. Both dishes overall were good but both were on the salty side and my companion likes slightly over salted so I can say it really was salty but still good. The chicken wasn't the most moist but OK and it did have developed flavor. The dish was ground chicken was hand chopped and not that ground from supermarket that another place we've been too uses. It's nice that brown rice is a dollar option and service was fast and efficient. We'd return.
5	Best Orange Chicken I've ever had.  Flavorful but not overpowering.  Crispy batter coating but not hard or crunchy.  Highly recommended!
3	I'm from out of town and my friends and I decided to come here. We came on a Sunday and wow, the area around Thai'd up is DEAD. I'm from Seattle and downtown Phoenix is like a ghost town! My best friend (who currently lives in Phoenix) said this place was good, but I'd give it an "A-OK' or an "ehh" rating. Not horrible but not amazing!The good:The Thai Iced tea was yummy! The bathroom was clean and sanitary. TWhat could improveThe waiter, who was very friendly, was hard to communicate with. There must have been a very hard language barrier because my friends and I repeated ourselves multiple times. I had to remind him of the rice I ordered. Also, my friend's soda was very very bland! Too much carbonation and not as much flavor. My Chicken pad thai was okay, not great but not horrible. At least they made it with the least spiciness rating like I requested.All in all, this place is just okay. I don't know if Thai food is pretty well represented in Phoenix, but hopefully there are other Thai places in the area I could check out if I visit again.
3	Do not go if you're in a hurry.  Service is extremely slow.
4	The food was solid, and they have wine. Need I say more?Ok, I will. I was downtown for a conference at the Hyatt and this was the perfect lunch spot! I love spicy Thai food, and they understood my kind of spicy! They had so many choices, particularly for vegetarians (like me!). Yum Yum - if you're in the hood, definitely go!
2	The staff were really nice however our satay was very dry. The dipping sauce was good. We also ordered mixed meat with peanut sauce (which just tasted like melted peanut butter) and the yellow curry with beef (which ended up with a shrimp in it.) Not too bad, however not that great either.
1	Your restaurant needs more help!Lunchtime at your restaurant, the tables stay full.Your 3 servicepeople are overwhelmed.  Do them a favor...hire someone to provide water service and clear tables.  Somehow, you are not realizing that keeping your customers serviced while turning tables is a bigger job than you are staffed for.I arrived at 11:45 AM to find every table seated except the token 2-top right against the front window, which I occupied.  With approximately 30 tables, my guesstimate is that there is room for about 100 people in the restaurant.  I waited a few minutes before my waiter brought out the menu and asked about my beverage choice.  Returning with water in plastic with a slice of lemon, he asked if I was ready to order.  On advising I was, he asked what I wanted.  My order was for Som Tom, green papaya salad made Thai hot, and leave the green beans off, along with a bowl of steamed rice.  The waiter did not know the Thai name for green papaya salad, so he was going to open the menu when I told him what Som Tom is.  He repeated back my order, with no Thai hot and no steamed rice.  I repeated the order, which he still did not write down and again he missed the Thai hot.  The third repeat from me got an accurate verification from the waiter.  He headed off toward the kitchen.  After about 10 minutes, my salad appeared, sans rice.  I figured he would bring the rice shortly, so I sampled the saladA properly prepared Som Tom is an artwork that brings flavors of sweet, sour, salty and spicy together in a harmonious combination that allows each to sing.  There should be clearly definable notes of lime, fish sauce and garlic in the mixture, with the sweet coming from tomato and palm sugar in the salad.  I got notes of salty (fish sauce) and sweet (granulated sugar, not palm) but the spice, lime and garlic were not there. When I placed my order, I asked for Thai Hot.  Sometimes, it works and sometimes it does not.  On my initial sampling of the salad, I evaluated the spice level at about 2 (5 makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings a tear to my eyes).  After sampling, I put my fork down and spent 10 minutes trying to get any serviceperson's attention.  One waitress looked my way and I waved her over, asking about the rice I ordered and requesting that she bring chile and a lime to the table.  She took my order back to the kitchen and after about 5 minutes,  she returned  from the kitchen with my salad and rice.  I looked at the same preparation, though there was what appeared to be more fresh chopped Thai chile.  The 'updated salad went from a spice level of 2 to a spice level of 3.While my salad was being adjusted, another couple came and sat at a table near mine.  The waiter came by and asked about beverages, which they ordered.  As a side-note, it took my flagging down the waiter nearly 10 minutes later to ask for water and to point out that he had apparently forgotten about the other table, as they had no water and had not placed an order.  Another table nearby finished and a waitress came by to pick up the tip.  She did not immediately clear the table, but she sure wanted the tip.  It was nearly 5 minutes before she returned to clear the table.Portion size on the salad was about 1 cup, small  for the price.  Normally, Som Tom is served either on a cabbage leaf or with a wedge of cabbage.  This version was served in a lettuce leaf with shredded carrot (about 2 tablespoons) on the side.  The rice bowl, which was $2 was also about 1 cup.  It was certainly a struggle deciding between 1 and 2 stars...though I finally decided on one.  Between long waits, no beverage service unless I requested it, no rice being brought with the order and inability to even come close to the desired spice level, your restaurant did not satisfy.  I hear there are 2 other Thai restaurants within the same block, so after I try the other two, I may return.
2	The food had decent flavor. The service was seriously lacking and for what the food was...the price was ridiculous. The summer rolls were loose and hard to eat with barely any sauce on the side...and the funny part is...that you got 2 different sauces and there still wasn't enough. The waitress didn't know anything about the food, the beers, or that the mock chicken listed on the menu wasn't even real chicken. It took forever to find out what the mock chicken was made out of. Nothing was brought out the way it should have been and the happy hour prices didn't make me very happy. Also if you have marinated Thai chilis on the side and the 2 jars look exactly the same and it is customary for the chilis to be in a vinegar of some type...you might want to tell someone that it's in fish sauce....not vinegar....
4	For starters the ladies that own and run this place are as sweet as can be. My favorite dishes are the Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles and pretty much anything with the Mock Vegetarian Chicken as the meat. The extra Thai hot spicy is exactly that extra spicy. The Thai Iced Tea is great too. This place delvers, but they charge $2 so if you are downtown save the $2 for a tip and just pick it up. They are great!
4	I eat here pretty often for lunch and I actually walk past 2 other Thai places on my way. Out of the downtown Thai options this place is definitely the best. The food is always good and the portions are a very good size. The only issues I have us that it is very difficult to get a hold of them by phone for to go orders and that their to go plastic ware is of very low quality. Despite those issues it is well worth going.
3	It's scorching hot outside and all I wanted to do was sit down and have a glass of water without feeling bad about taking up a seat inside of Starbucks filled with people visiting for the Comicon. I've read the reviews about Thai'd Up before going so I expected slow service with good food. I wasn't too hungry so I figure I'd be fine waiting :) Sure enough, I gotta tell ya, the service is EXTREMELY slow. They really are "Thai'd up" (haha? Lol)There's only two people working the entire restaurant (this was on a Saturday night at 7:00PM) one working in the kitchen and a young guy working the floor. My bf and I walked in after a group of 6 people, it was self seating so we picked a seat on the busier side of the restaurant (there's a divider in the middle) thinking we'd be more seen. We sat for about 10 minutes before being asked what we'd like to drink and we ordered our waters, which was delivered in a timely manner, we didn't get to order for another 20 minutes. (But remember, I wanted this, I knew this was going to happen. Remind you, if I were hungry and wanted my food in a timely manner I would be upset just like everyone else, some even walked out). After we finally got to order it took another 20-30 minutes for the food to arrive and it really was delicious! Now to the food part:1. Tom Kah (Tofu) Soup -- Delicious! Loved it! Perfect amount of spice and the yummy coconut milk soup! Amazing! My bf got the chicken version and said the same :)2. Summer Rolls -- Eh, you really can't go wrong. It's just rice noodles and lettuce / shredded carrots / cucumber wrapped in rice paper. It was still good! That's all we ordered but the table next to us had ordered the crab rangoons and said they were delicious along with their Thai fried rice. I'll be back again another time when I'm not toooo hungry to try their other dishes :) just remember, don't go there starving and you'll have a fun time people watching!Ps- he did give me a free soup bc it took so long, so that's what earned their third star! Lol
1	We went to Phoenix Comicon and were hungry, so we set out into Downtown Phoenix to look for food. There were signs for this place that said "Open! Come in!" So we did. And they refused to seat us! And the large group of people that came in behind us, too. It's one thing for a restaurant to let you know they're full and give you a time frame, i.e. "There's a 15 minute wait." and then get you on a list right? Well the guy in THIS place threw his hands in the air and raised his voice, saying "We're FULL! I have no tables left!" and then gestured us towards the door in the "get out!" motion. I was beyond offended and pretty discouraged since a lot of the other restaurants downtown were closed for the night. Either this place should have taken down the "we're open, come in!" signs, or they should have locked the door, OR, they should have grown a professional bone and started a waiting list with names like every other restaurant I've ever been to! I will never bother trying to eat at this place again, for fear of being shooed away.
2	This was my go-to for delivery Thai food. Pretty decent flavors for the most part, nice portions. They never cared about a minimum charge for delivery which hooked me. Unfortunately, I recently relocated, only 6 streets up and I called to make a delivery one day, they knew who I was I had been a customer for quite some time now, I was then told that I was just out of range for delivery. Slap in the face.
4	My husband and I came here for dinner before an event at Symphony Hall. The place is sparsely decorated but that didn't take away from the delicious dishes that were served.We had the Pad Thai and a vegetarian dish with tofu.  Well prepared and full of flavor.We also had the sweet rice with mango for desert which is a traditional favorite of mine.  It always helps when the waiter is cute too.  I remember thinking hmmm, his nice smile made the dinner more enjoyable.  So maybe if you're not all that into Thai food . . . you can go in for the eye candy?
5	We came in and were directed to sit anywhere that we would like. A young lady brought us out an excellent soup that had tofu in it...I had never had anything like it. I should've asked what kind of soup it was. I ordered the lunch Pad Thai/veggie mild version for $8 and it included a small spring roll. No wonder why the place was packed excellent food and service.
3	The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  We started off with fried tofu.  The sauces they served with it weren't great.  My soup was alright.  Not as spicy or flavor filled as others I've had.  We had the green curry with chicken for the main course and I thought it was actually pretty good.  We also had Thai teas that were really good.  The place looks nice and apparently they deliver.  If you check in there you get 10% off your meal and if you find one of the downtown Phoenix ambassadors they have coupons for 10% as well.
3	I wanted to like Thai'd Up. I really did.You see, I love Thai food. Maybe a little too much, as my stomach lining can attest. I like spicy food that tastes great, therefore, I love Thai food.One of my favorite Thai dishes is Thai fried rice (trust me, it's better than regular fried rice). I got Thai'd Up's spicy fried rice, and at first bite I thought I might have a new favorite. Alas, from what I could tell, the peppers were dry pepper flakes, not fresh chiles like I'm used to at my favorite Thai House in San Antonio. Also, the flavor was inconsistent throughout the dish.The Thai Tea was great. Not the greatest, but it was sweet and definitely had fresh spices and herbs in it.It was good, don't get me wrong, but it left a little to be desired. I'd give them another shot if I'm hankering for Thai food while I'm downtown (I work down there, so it's highly likely). Maybe next time I'll try the Pad Thai.
1	Would not deliver to me because I live "too far." 1.8 miles away.
5	Amazing food. I come here during lunch time and always get the panang curry with vegetables. The soup they bring when you sit down is delicious, the veggies are always fresh and the curry is perfect. Five stars!!
5	It was super quiet on a Monday night.  I had the spicy eggplant with chicken and the coconut soup with chicken and ordered them 4/5 on their hot scale.  Both very good flavors, tasty.   I would be excited to try something else.
5	Delicious! Love Thai food. My husband is picky about his yellow curry and he said that was probably better then his favorite Thai place. Clean place and great, friendly service.
2	This place charges a $3.00 delivery charge, then the person delivering expects a big tip or else he gives attitude.  This place it literally about 500 ft from me.  If the restaurant isn't given their delivery guy the $3.00 they they should be ashamed of themselves as it would have otherwise would have been a $4.00 tip for a $10 dollar meal.  On a side note.. didn't even like the meal... sigh.
4	Good food but service can be a bit quicker. Had to wait for water refills and the check! Would still go back for good food.
5	Yellow chicken curry was sweet and delicious! Boyfriend got the green curry with beef-also amazing. Authentic Thai flavor sand spices. Service was pleasant and atmosphere was clean and fresh. Dishes were served in a timely manner and displayed beautifully. Appreciated that the "spice levels" were accurate-I always have to order on the hotter side, but medium was perfect. Around $10 per plate, but portions and taste were well worth the price!
4	*THE* best Thai iced tea I've ever had.
4	The lunch here was great. It was a little expensive, but overall it is worth trying out. I will definitely be returning here for lunch in the future.
3	super convenient location--right across from the renaissance hotel. i ordered the red curry with duck for lunch and it hit the spot.  comes with rice and an egg roll.  gotta warn you that if you're going during the lunch rush, prepare to wait.  don't think the service/staff are prepared to handle the volume..for that i had to give them 3 instead of 4 stars.
5	This place is simple and the staff is friendly. I was staying downtown on business and went here numerous times. The Pad Thai (spicy) was delicious. The person I traveled with had Drunken Noodles which she loved. Flavors here are great and the food was fresh. For appetizers we had the spring rolls (my favorite), veggie rolls, and the sweet potato appetizer. All three were very good- but I highly recommend the Spring rolls. These were fresh and light and the sauces were creative and both delicious. The place was clean and comfortable. It wasn't loud and the tables were situated to offer some privacy which was nice for good conversation. I would recommend Thai'd Up to anyone looking for good Thai good in downtown Phoenix!
5	I crave this place. Best Thai food in downtown PHx. The staff is soooooooooo nice on the phone. By far my favorite Thai place downtown. So much food and by far my favorite Thai downtown. We have ordered from many different places and at first I dismissed this place because I was upset that the delivery service they used took longer than I expected. I however was to blame, they called my phone because they were lost, I didn't answer cause I wasn't paying attention. They delivered someone else's food near by first because I didn't give correct directions. And since then, I've made sure my directions are perfect.
2	I had lunch with a friend here last week on a Thursday. We got there at 11:30 to avoid the lunch crowd. I liked that the menu had many options for spiciness ranging from not spicy to double Thai spicy. I ordered chicken chow mein, mild - because I like a little kick but not much. The portion of meat was generous; the noodles were unremarkable and the sauce had no kick at all. The spring roll that came with it was crunchy and delicious. My dining partner had the shrimp Thai fried rice and enjoyed it. I've had better Thai food other places in Phoenix, but this place will work if you're craving Thai food in downtown Phoenix.
2	Again I've been to another Asian restaurant and again the service is terrible. The food is good, but the server is nowhere to be seen. I watch as others who come in and are seated, struggle to get someone to take their order, or get any service after being served. Is this how it is in Phoenix? Don't come here if you are impatient.
5	I love Thai food, but am somewhat new to it, and am not always sure what to order.  This place made it easy.  The lunch menu has you choose a meat (or veggie or tofu), how you want it cooked, and then what level of spice you'd like.  I got the chicken panang curry with no spice and it was delicious.  This is my new go-to spot downtown.  They were understaffed the day we visited...if they don't see you right away, get their attention.  After we ordered, the food came quickly.
3	Simple, inexpensive, tasty. Everything I want in a restaurant. Very easy to get to off the light rail. Service is fast and they are friendly. The shrimp Thai fried rice is very good and they deliver on the flavor and the portions.
3	First time to Thai'd Up today. Went on a Saturday at 3:00 PM with another couple. Only one other party in the restaurant when we arrived, alone when we left. Hmm. Service was great. Greeted quickly and offered drinks soon after. Thai iced tea for two, wine for one and water for the last. We ordered pork Larb, dumplings and crab Rangoons for apps. The Larb lacked mint and was served on top of the lettuce, making it very hard to make a lettuce wrap. Not much meat either. The dumplings and Rangoons were very good, both served with a sweet pineapple sauce on the side. Would've preferred a spicy soy dip. For entrees we order Shrimp Pad Thai and Beef Pad Thai, plus Crispy Noodle Seafood. Both Pad Thai dishes were good, but it's tough to mess those up. The Crispy Noodle Seafood was disappointing. There was no flavor in the 'gravy' and the noodles were right out of a package. They were stale, unless they were submerged in gravy: then they were soggy. Don't recommend that dish. For my money I will go to Thai Basil around the block.
2	Not good. The food was very bland. We had pad thai and Tom kah soup. The soup was watery. Won't be back.  The service was good.
2	Came here this afternoon with a friend for lunch. We were sat immediately, but then it took a while to get our drinks. We both ordered thai iced tea and agree it's the best we've had so far.  We both ordered pad thai and agree it was just okay. Not the best we had. I had something dirty on my cup and she had a dirty fork. It was a bit expensive since we got the sweet potato appetizer. It was just okay. I don't think we will return.
2	The food was good, however I was very dissatisfied with the service. I ordered for delivery (moving day...we needed sustenance), and although we are well within the distance (a little over a mile away) they advertise as their delivery radius (I wanna say 4 miles?), their delivery service "doesn't deliver to McDowell." Really??So, whatever, I went for take-out and checked-in for the 10% discount. However, when I arrived, there was no freakin parking on the street they are on, and no parking available for almost a half mile. (We are new to AZ; we don't know much at this point.) Again, whatever, we're freakin hungry. When I go to pick it up, the check-in code on my phone isn't working, and apparently they can't figure out how to just give a 10% discount. (My phone showed I checked in, but the code wouldn't come up.) Seems the owner is super cheap. I mean, giving me $5 off and having a chance for a return customer seems like a better way to run a business than pinching every penny from the customers. I will not return. This review is more about frustration with poor management than the employee who helped me when I picked up. She was kind and seemed afraid of what the boss would do if she gave a discount without a code. Seriously, give the customers and employees a break.
4	A craving for Thai food brought me here. Upon parking in the crazy downtown area, I realized there were three Thai restaurants all within a block. I do love having choices! We started with the Crab Ragoons and the Kings Royal Suit and Tsing Tsao's to wash it down with while we took our time perusing the ample menu options. I opted for a Coconut Hot Pot with Shrimp (aka Tom Kah). It was creamy with just enough of curry spice to off set the coconut milk base and loaded with shrimp and veggies. I always get a rice side to add to my hot pot soups and they did that happily gratis. We also got the Hawaiian Fried Rice minus the raisins. Again, this dish, as well, as the hot pot was enough for two and leftovers the next day. There is a plethora of authentic Thai options and the wait staff is friendly and eager to please. I would have loved to have seen my fave Penang dish with pineapple and it's seemingly hard to find a Thai restaurant with a full on bar. Parking is always crazy downtown, but it is downtown. Def be back for my Thai fix.
5	One of the best Thai places downtown. The red curry is very flavorful with lots of veggies. The tom yum soup is also a favorite. Nice staff and great prices too.
5	The food was superb, the waitress was delightful and attentive.  Everything a hungry guy could hope for after a 5-hour flight.
5	Thai'd Up is always a sure bet. I usually get the Pad Thai or the Drunken Noodles. You choose which meat, poultry, or tofu you want mixed with it and what kind of heat. I've had the medium to double Thai hot. The soups are great too. The place is clean and comfortable. My experience with the service has been excellent. I never hesitate to bring someone new to try it. Like me, they end up coming back. (BTW, Thai'd Up IS open on Sundays too!)
1	Panang Curry is very thin, more like a broth than a typical, thick curry sauce. Very bland, not creamy, very little peanut flavor. Very little meat. The chicken was also fairly dry, which is remarkable since it's supposed to soak up the curry.Pad Thai is equally weak.  Just very bland, and again very little meat. The chicken in the Pad Thai was very dry.I've had my fair share of average Thai curry and Pad Thai, but for $11 per entree, this place is really, really poor.  Go to Thai Hut instead.
4	I work downtown and think it's great to have a nice little Thai place within walking distance to hit up for lunch. A couple of coworkers and I came in today and had a really awesome lunch. We were starving when we got there and we immediately were seated, waited on, and had food orders placed within minutes. The menu is expansive with lots of options from pad thai to orange chicken and they have a special lunch menu on the back. Our food arrived quickly and although I was pretty boring today and ordered the house fried rice, I was still really impressed with the flavor. My friends with the drunken noodles and orange chicken were both really happy too. We were done and paid up in only 40 minutes- perfect lunch spot.
4	i stumbled upon this lovely little establishment while walking around downtown Phoenix one afternoon. When i went inside, I was greeted immediately and given a menu by a very friendly woman. I ordered Pad Thai (and Crab Rangoon, don't judge me!) to go. The wait time was reasonable. When I got back to my hotel, I was pleasantly surprised with the presentation/ portions of food for what I paid. In addition, everything looked and tasted fresh - it wasn't the best I've had but I was a satisfied customer and will return the next time I'm here.
2	The two stars is for the service: it's not good. It took 30 min for my food to come out. Here's the thing, they brought it out fairly quickly but when my server got to my table, she saw something wrong with it and took it back to the kitchen. I waited another 20 min for it to come back, asking several times for my server to check on it. She was somewhat apologetic. I ordered the veggie delight without green beans, hot. I am almost certain they have my Thai hot. I have a high tolerance for spice but this was off the charts. Other than that, the flavor would have been good and the portion size was great for lunch (came with small soup and egg roll). I wish I could have given a better review but the service was way below average.
4	Order the Drunken Noodle hot, not Thai hot. Their Mee Krob  is a bit sweet but still pretty good. Crabs Royal Suite is also good, nothing special though.Always order Thai Teas at Thai restaurants.Their sticky rice and mango dessert is also a treat.
3	I've passed by this place soooo many times, and finally stopped in for a take-out lunch.  My jones for eggplant got the better of me and I wanted to slurp some down now.  A Thai restaurant, I thought, would surely have eggplant. Behold!  Spicy eggplant was on the menu at Thai'd Up.  Spicy eggplant -  that's how it was called on the menu.  Other veggies were indicated in the description as well, but the dish was called spicy EGGPLANT, ergo I expected to get mostly eggplant.   I paid $11 because I requested they toss some broccoli into the mix as well.  Then I ordered some veggie spring rolls because I like those too.  That was another $6.  After tax, the total was shy of $20Was it worth it?  NO.  - small portion - only a few chunks of eggplant with a lot of the cheapie veggies (carrots and such)- the food was greasyFurthermore, the spring rolls were like bread rolls.  The shell was too thick for my liking and they were stuffed with very few veggies.  The dipping sauce was light and flavorless.I would give two stars, but I like Thai food a lot.  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and say that I've only tasted one dish so my knowledge of Thai'd Up is limited.  3 stars.  I probably won't go back to try another dish anytime soon.  I would most likely go to My Mom's Thai Kitchen instead.
1	This place was so bad, we ordered and 45 minutes later we had to go and check with someone what had happened to our order, and the waitress then asked us what was our order!!!!!!the food was bad too, order pad thai noodles with mix of meat and the meat didn't look fresh or tasted good, since we checked for our food they brought it right out of the pan and as searing hot and not even a warning.service was terrible, couldn't even get a coke, for that I had also to go the counter and ask for it a 4th time.
1	This is ridiculous! My friends and I have been sitting here for OVER AN HOUR and still have not gotten our food. I am writing this as I wait to eat, starving. I have never been treated so poorly as we have here. DO NOT COME HERE, you will likely wait far too long for merely ok food.Ok, we all finally just left 20 mins later; after they brought our Vegan a dish with chicken in it! We complained and they took it back; only to bring back the EXACT SAME DISH! Again, do not eat here, you will be disappointed.
1	I wish I could give 0 stars. This was the worst experience I've had at any restaurant ever. Me and 6 of my friends waited over an hour and a half for our food. During that hour and a half we kept reminding them and they kept assuring us our food was coming. Finally after an hour and a half, our food started slowly arriving. I ordered a red curry, vegetarian with tofu and as if my experience could not get any worse, the waitress brought red curry with chicken. I pointed this out and next I could clearly see  the waitress go to the back, scoop the chicken out and replace it with tofu and bring it back! Oh and I also ordered a tea which they never bothered to bring out. Unbelievable and completely disrespectful of our time and vegetarian choices.
4	Thai basil was closed for an hour, we walked down to my moms thai which was also closed(reallllll annoying) then some guy said there was another thai place around the corner. So this was our 3rd choice and my hope weren't high. The food was really good though! Thai tea was creamy, tom kra gai was full of veggies and the thai hot was actually spicy here. The staff was a little slow but nothing too bad. Glad we stumbled upon this place
2	Came here on a weekday to find this place absolutely packed. I had heard good things and was excited to try the food. It took them about 20 minutes to come around and take our order in the first place and the food took another 30 minutes. We opted for the lunch special where I got the chicken pad thai. It was pretty spicy even though I'd asked for mild. The meat also didn't taste very fresh. Overall, would not recommend this place.
2	I wonder if this place is changing owners, because the name on the window was different, but the menus still reflected the name Thai'd Up -- perhaps this is why it has gone downhill?  In any event, a friend met me here for lunch on Friday.  They place the tables so close together that I could barely squeeze into my chair without hitting the chair in back of me.  We had to wait about 10 minutes before someone asked for our order...and then the wait.  And wait.  And wait.  We almost got up and left when my order finally appeared, but not my friends...not for an additional 10 minutes, and only after we stopped someone to ask where it was.  I had the Pad Thai Chicken, mild.  I obviously should have asked what the levels of heat were -- mild is apparently 'no spice.'  It was way too sweet, and, because I waited for my friend's order to appear, it was now cold.  The chicken had no taste and was very dry.  My friend's dish was "meh."  We will definitely not be coming back.
3	It was good but not live changing.  I had the drunken noodles and they were just good.  The area this is in has two other Thai places so you might try your luck elsewhere.  However, you won't be horribly disappointed if you eat here.
1	This place was AWFUL!  The service was horrendous.  First my friend tries to order summer rolls that are on the menu with no specific guideline that they are a special order and was told that it will take 30 minutes to make them.  My friend told the waitress she came in at noon the week prior and got them to go in 15 minutes.  So we waited 15 minutes for this waitress to talk to her manager and then she comes back and says she cannot order them.  Well don't put them on the menu then!  We should have just left and saved ourselves the aggravation. So we ordered and waited 45 minutes for our food to arrive and it was mediocre at best. We paid our bill and I left a $1 tip which was much more than they deserved.  My friend left nothing and I do not blame her.  So they ended up adding a $3 tip to her check, UNAUTHORIZED.  This place is shady and the service is deplorable and the food is nothing to get excited about.
5	I LOVE this restaurant! I've been 5 times and every time has been amazing. The restaurant is always spotless and the menu options range from simple to traditional to creative. All awesome! The sauces are mind-blowingly amazing and I can't say enough good things about the pho. I really think it's the best Thai place downtown!
5	Started with the Dumplings (steamed) very nice sauce served with it. Then for the Drunken Noddles that i saw reviewed. OMG so good. Be prepared if you order medium spice. Its got the kind of flavor that leaves your tongue tingling in the way Thai food should. Looking forward to coming back.
4	I've only been here once, but I'm going to be going back. We went a little before the lunch rush, but the service was solid and the food was great! If you work downtown and you're sick of getting Subway or eating in your office building, check out Thai'd Up!
4	There are three Thai restaurants in this area, all a 30 second walk from each other, but this one is my favorite.  You really can't go wrong with any of their dishes, especially their drunken noodles.  Oooh.. Drunken noodles!!!Most of the restaurants in this area cater to the business crowd so they are mostly open till around two or 3 o'clock.  Thai'd Up stays open much later into the night which I appreciate.  However, I will caution you that parking will be a challenge if you are only coming downtown to eat here.In general, Thai food is spicy and sometimes some dishes can be compromised in flavor if you order mild.  This is not the case with Thai'd Up.  I can order my pad Thai my old and it will still taste like pad Thai!For dessert I like to order the custard with sticky rice.  The custard is homemade and will satisfy your sweet tooth.The food is always fresh and quick to come out.  Prices are a little high, but that is to be expected for the area.The staff is always friendly and the restaurant is always clean. Give Thai'd Up a try.  You will not be disappointed!
3	Satisfies the craving.
2	As a CAMBODIAN, this is the closest taste that is similar to my own. I would not recommend this restaurant. It is highly expensive for the crappy service like this.I walked into this restaurant and stood there along with many other customers and no waiter cared enough to ask us until I decided to walk down there at the cashier and asked where can I sit. This is not so friendly service at all. That did not end there. I've been sitting there with no one come to ask me what I wanted to order for like 20 minutes. Finally when I do, it took another half hour for the food to arrive.I spent 22$ for a bowl of soup, tiny little bowl of noodles, and two drinks. People you can eat at other Asian restaurant and more food than this.
4	Really yummy Thai food. My hubby had the fried rice lunch with tofu and was very satisfied. I had the yellow curry with tofu and it was fantastic. Lots of vegetarian options and the lunch menu is very affordable. Service was a little slow, but we weren't in a rush, so we didn't mind at all.
4	I've been her twice for lunch.  Price is great for what you get, and portions are good.  I had the spicy fried Thai chicken rice, double Thai hot. made me sweat!  I'd recommend them.
