4	Yes, Marjele's has made it to Old Town. Yes, this is the same Marjele's that you have probably been to before a sporting event in Downtown Phoenix, but this is Marjele's with the Old Town twist. That means, this is Marjele's; Scottsdale edition. However, so far it's doing pretty good in my book! Old Town lacks good sports bars and the ones they have fill up within 20 minutes on the day or night of a big game. So with that, I was pleased to hear that Marjele's gave us another sports bar option. I visited for the first time several weeks ago. Marjele's might have been open all of three days so we decided to check it out. Prior to going, we called to see if there was a chance they accepted reservations. And guess what? They did! Now, I don't know if this will last forever, but at the time, they took a reservation (I hope it stays like that!) The staffer on the phone was extremely polite and friendly when I talked to them. We arrived as one of the games was ending and before the next one started. The sports bar was jam packed so they didn't have our table yet, but they were extremely apologetic and got us one as soon as the first one opened up. So for that, they get a point for customer service. The scene: Considering this is a sports bar, I'm not shocked to say that this place was packed with men. All men. There might have been all of 15 girls in the bar when we were there. I assume this will change over time as girls realize that the ratio is in their favor. There is a nice long patio and then room inside with several tables and high tops, two bars and a standing area. TVs surround the entire bar, just like in the Downtown location. I think this Marjele's is bigger than the Downtown location, but it's a toss up. Now, like I said above, this one is definitely Scottsdaled up. At night, it's dark and "sceney" but it's still not bad yet. We'll see how long they keep it as a chill sports bar, especially since it's by PCL and now next door to the new El Hefe. I think this is a good option to watch a game or to visit on a night you want to go out in Old Town. The food: thumbs up in my book! This is generic bar food but decent bar food. The wings have a spicy kick to them. For my meal, I got the buffalo chicken wrap. It was tasty and tangy with a twist. The sandwich filled me up and unlike some other sports bars around town, I would be ok with eating here again. But again, remember...this is just sports bar food so don't walk into Marjel's expecting fine dining. Expect beers and fried food and you'll be set. So in conclusion, check out Marjele's if you're up for being out in Old Town, you're ok with running into the Old Town crowd, you want to watch a game at a place that will be crowded and social and you want to enjoy some food and drinks along the way...served by friendly staff of course!
4	Great sports bar.  New, but has the feel of a place that's been around for awhile.  The quesadilla is good, and the sunday drink specials are great!  Thanks Thunder Dan for opening one of your joints in our neighborhood!
2	It's a sportsbar, so I know I can't be too picky, but Majerle's could add at least one or two decent microbrews (Shock Top does NOT count) and they could freaking turn down the awful music mix during halftime at 2 pm on Saturday to sub-ear bleeding levels.Great service, though! That should be mentioned.
4	I really like this place.  Built from the ground up, it's nice and fresh and clean.  Plenty of seats at the bar, lot's of TVs and the doors and windows all open up to the outside when the weather's nice.I had the turkey rueben with fries for lunch.  It was made on toasted marble rye bread and was very tasty, indeed.  The bartender, Dawn, was great and I'll definitely be back.
2	So everyone in Old Town has been waiting for a good sports bar forever. When everyone heard Thunder Dan was coming to town the excitement starting buzzing. Well this time Thunder Dan didn't hit this buzzer beater.First off it does get two stars for a reason so lets start there. The atmosphere is great. The venue is super cool and there is tons of tvs. Thats pretty much where it stops. The food isn't great and is relatively slow. I have had a burger, wings, the chicken quesadilla and a couple of other things which didn't impress me. Plus the service was super slow...This kind of reminds me of the Suns-Bulls series super exciting but just misses the mark of greatness. I am sticking with my old faithful two blocks away Zipps.
4	I was super excited when Majerle's had came to Old Town just blcoks away from my place.  Its a great place to walk to and get drinks or get some food.  I had never eaten at a Majerle's before it came here, but I heard good things.  They did not disapoint.  I have been there several times now and liked everything.  My favs are the buffalo chicken pizza and this one chicken sandwich with the sprouts and bacon... I forget what the name is.  Good atmosphere.  I am surprised it is not more busy.  Everytime I go there are always plenty of open tables.  I hope this place does well.  I will continue to go here.
4	Went for drinks with some friends and really did not take advantage of the sports aspect of this sports bar.  The bar has a great vibe.  The staff was friendly and service was fair.  I say fair because of the speed of service.  You can't expect immediate service at a bar on a Saturday night in Old Town, but for the size of the bar, there should have been more than 2 bartenders.  There is a lot of seating inside and out.  And, even though it is loud and was busy, you feel like you can relax and enjoy yourself.  You don't have to deal with the "rowdiness" of a bar with a dance floor.  Overall?  I would say that Majerle's is worth a stop in.
4	Definitely hit up the happy hour - tons of $5 apps and drink specials.  Went for preseason football games and the TV situation was great.  I am interested to see how the TV situation will fare on Sundays when the regular season starts because we have multiple fan bases in our group and need several games up on any given Sunday - so jury is still out on making this our new permanent Sunday Funday spot.  Quesadilla was excellent.  Agree with Michael E. C. ----- ask for Mike as your server, best service in a while!
3	Good sports bar with decent food.  The servers all seem to be a little ditzy but they are friendly.  It can get kind of crazy on the weekend nights (i.e. typical scene of Old Town Scottsdale bars on the east side of Scottsdale Rd.)  But during game time or Happy Hour it's a fun place to hang out.
4	First time at trivia night and our little team claimed victory so my overall impression of this Majerle's is very positive.   Food is standard bar fare, but the service was good with friendly and attentive servers.  I will be back...
4	Went to Majerle's for Trivia on Tuesday.. Its c ool because all the questions come up on the screens, but was too loud from the background music and random customers to focus on the questions. Food is good, and the 2 for 1 beer special is pretty awesome.  rated the place for being good, but not my first choice.
5	A very good sports bar - it is quite amazing just how many flat screen TV's they can cram on every wall. Also I was very impressed with their "gorilla" wings - you get 13 for $9 and have to say they are some of the meatiest wings I've had in a long time!
3	Solid, good time! Grab a beer and bar food and it's a good night
4	I really like this Majerle's location. It was very close to where I used to work so it became a regular lunch spot. Prices are reasonable and the food is good. Their burgers are pretty good, I love their fries and the buffalo chicken sandwich is great. In addition to being a solid option for lunch, Majerle's is a great place for happy hour. Really good drink specials and all their apps (with a couple exceptions) are just $5. It's a great place to watch a game and has a nice sports atmosphere. Service is good, though if it's packed it can suffer a little. That happens anywhere though so I can't hold it against them.If you want to watch a game at a sports bar in Old Town and have good food while doing it, this is the place to go.
4	This is my third and second favorite of all the Majerle's locations. I went to watch football with a bunch of dudes. It was fun! The screens are fancy, the waitresses were on top of their game and the bathrooms were clean. I'll definitely hit up Majerle's again!
5	My boyfriend and I started meeting friends for NFL Sundays here and I'm definitely a fan.  Good drink specials, great wings and a ton of TVs. The servers are friendly ..... no complaints :)
2	You know, this was just OK in every single aspect.  They have a very so so menu out side the appetizers.  I have been to the Phoenix location over and over getting drinks and appetizers.  It has always been good for that, but what a disappointment.  I was there with a group of 6.  Nothing came out warm except the last plate that was special order.  I had to ask over and over to get service and the food was not good.   Visiting the dark color bar during the day time was like seeing being at Disneyland while it was closed, dirty and empty.  Really just made for drinking, not eating there.  It would be 1 start, but they do have a ton of TV's and the appetizers are not bad.
3	This place has so much potential but it's inconsistent customer service prevents it from being a top notch joint.  We come here every weekend to watch college football games.  The food is decent for a sports bar.  Over the course of the season I've had:Gorilla Wings - $9Basket of Fries - $3.50Fully Loaded Pizza (Italian Sausage, Pepperoni, Green Peppers, Mushrooms, Onions, Black Olives, Mozzarella, Parmesan and Cheddar) - $12Italian Panini - Genoa Salami, Pepperoni, Ham, Provolone, Tomatoes, Lettuce, Vinaigrette, on Sourdough Bread) - $9.50Buffalo Chicken Wrap - $9.50Chicken Quesadilla - $9.50Yes, the prices are a bit high...but you're in Old Town Scottsdale, where prices are high everywhere.  During the football season, pints of domestic draft Beer are cheap so it makes up for the food pricing.The food quality is mediocre.  By far my favorite items are the Italian Panini and the Gorilla Wings served with Maniac Sauce, which is pretty hot.  The Chicken Quesadilla is ~meh~, a bit soggy and doesn't have much flavor.Where they really fall short is their inconsistent service.  When they're not busy (during ASU home games) the service is great.  However, when they're busy (ASU road games) the staff is overloaded and can't handle large crowds.  I think it's because they hire young, inexperienced kids who have an attitude.  On at least 3 occasions I've been told "I'm real busy right now, I'll come get your order when I can" or "I don't know, ask someone else, too busy right now"....come on!They'll never change because being in Old Town, they'll always have the business and don't have to worry about repeat, loyal customers.  If my friends didn't come here every week, we wouldn't come here as often as we do.Return Factor - a begrudging 80%, 30% if we didn't meet up here to watch college football
5	This is going to be quite brief, but I love Majerle's. Their Strawberry Fields salad is the BEST salad I have ever had in my life. And the service is always great. One day the bartender even gave me some extra pecans and dressing to take back to work to snack on. Love this place!
4	Corey is the man!!!!!!It was first time in Snots-dale or some even call it Snobs-dale, AZ for the SF Giants spring training and my girlfriends and I really had an Amazing time at Majerle's Sports Grill.....We walked in based on the fact that we were hungry, the music and vibe of the place was what we wanted to start the night with. I especially loved the fact that this spot had about 25 huge Samsung flat screens on every wall ( a real sports grill better have a tv on every wall)!!!!! The food, the service, and especially the manager/DJ ( Corey) really made it that much more of a hot spot throughout the night for my gf's and I that we could NOT seem to leave. We celebrated  Stephanie G's 29th b-day like a bunch of classy GIRLS GONE WILD that night! I can't wait to visit the staff and dance the night away while watching the BEST hip hop and r&b videos on all those awesome TV's!!! Until next year Majerle's =)
5	[First time Out-of-Towner for Spring Training]Marjele's got that AZ swag... ...that EVERYTING else is lagging! And by swag I am generally talking about music. Our favorite, lovely shuttle girl dropped us off here. Our options were Marjele's (pronounced Marley's) or douche central next door, blaring fist-pumping music. It was so obnoxious I can't even remember the name. Celebrating my birthday 6 hours early, we wanted to grab a bite before we indulged in some libations. The girls got hot wings. The obviously enjoyed them, with their huge hot sauce grins ;) The roomie and I shared the Turkey Burger and fries. The bread was so doughy, it was wonderful. I wouldn't want every burger like this, but it was a perfect complement to our tasty meal. I can't recall what Krystle R. got. However, we were already enjoying the great music and good food, when we realized the music was swagtastic and that we hadn't heard such good music anywhere else we'd been so far (in AZ). A blend of old school, new school, rap, R&B, just all around greatness. We mentioned this to the server...in less than 5 minutes Corey, the manager appeared. He was smiling...apparently we made his night by complimenting his music selection, because his staff constantly complains. Doesn't say much about his staff, but tons about him - Corey knows what's up! Thus began our great friendship with Corey! What should have been no more than a 2 hour, max, stay at this sports bar/restaurant, turned into closing the joint down. Literally staying until the end...it's all blurry, so I'm not sure about the time. Let just say we couldn't really collectively count the amount of rounds of shots that were taken, we made new friends, bar top dancing might have occurred, and the end was a blur. Our trip to AZ was going to be fabulous regardless, but our experience at Marjele's seriously made it that much better.Marjele's made Sunday FUNday have a whole new meaning!!
4	Awesome sports bar.  Actually went here for the night life after hitting a few other bars - just a lively bar blasting some of the best hits with music videos to match.  I duno, I just like when they play the music video that goes to the songs you like.  There used to be a TV station that would play music videos and it was pretty cool....what was it called again??? OH YEAH!!! MTV!!
3	I didn't try any food hear but this place seems like it has a split personality. Tons of tvs showing sports so sports bar. At the same time there's a dj blasting club music. There weren't that many people dancing. We went here because the place next door had a huge line. One plus is that theres a second bar near the patio that we stuck by. This place to me was...meh.
4	4 stars only for the Happy hour experience. Awesome service from the front door to the bar...yay!  Generous happy hour food menu and yummers on the Cocktail specials.  Watch ANY game you can imagine on all the Tv's. Plus it is kind of a sausage fest for us women...just saying :)
4	I went to a Majerle's near US Airways Arena after a Suns game, and it was a lot of fun, but it was very packed inside.  Unlike the one in downtown Phoenix, this one in Scottsdale is more spacious.  The place has a great amount of sports running from hockey to basketball.  There are televisions at almost any angle you are sitting, so you never have a bad seat in the house.The food is pretty decent for bar food.  I got a chicken salad of some sort when I visited.  I didn't have a beer that night, but my friends kept ordering away, so it must have been good.Dan Majerle would be proud of this establishment that has a great sports vibe.
5	This is one of my absolute favorite bars in Old Town. It is casual with really good food but plays loud top 40 music with great drinks. What more could you ask for?Service is great and the bathrooms are clean. The restaurant has outdoor seating which is great for people watching and right in the heart of Old Town nightlife.You're within walking distance to The Mint, Dollhouse, Smashboxx, and the Pussycat Lounge. If I didn't live a $40 cab ride away (one-way) I'd come here way more often. Lots of huge flat panel tvs and plenty of seating. It gets packed on weekends but the place is pretty big so it never feels overwhelmingly crowded. This is not a good place to dance. There is actually no dance floor. But maybe that won't stop you or I after a few drinks...
4	The old town, nightclub area of Scottsdale needed a sports bar/restaurant and Majerle's fills the bill. Food is good, prices are reasonable, and flatscreens are everywhere so you can watch any game that's on. I'm sure it gets crowded at night, but for a lunch spot its not too bad.Oh, and like almost everywhere in Scottsdale, the serving staff is very attractive, but don't be that creepy old guy who moves to a different seat at the bar to get a better view of the bartender bending over in her tight shorts (yeah, I heard you dude... and so did she)!
5	I've been to this location a few times, but this was by far the best experience I've had. It was two Sundays ago, myself and seven friends wanted to watch the early games and get some food and drinks. My friend called ahead and made a reservation. When we got there, we had a big table reserved right in front of all the TVs. Our waitress was very attentive, friendly and quick. They had a bunch of beer bucket deals that we all took advantage of and had a great time watching all the games, enjoying some beverages and eating some food. Their breakfast burrito with chorizo was fantastic and it'll keep me coming back. See ya next Sunday, Majerle's!
4	Great place to have a beer, some food and watch the games!! Tons of TV's.. One thing I want impressed with is that my first Sunday afternoon here, it took me 10 minutes to get a drink. A girl sitting next to me had to call her bartender friend over to serve me. Service could have been better, but maybe it was just a one time experience. I still plan on going again and hopefully a better service experience.
4	Enjoy going here and have always had friendly service though it can be a little slow. Understandable occasionally, not consistently though.
5	Love the atmosphere, love that they play music during commercial breaks, close to home AND the food's good.  There are LOTS of TVs everywhere, plus service is great and the food is ready in minutes!  This is as good as it gets!
4	Went there last Friday for Happy Hour since we always go to Ef Hefe for football games on Sunday's...  This place blew our socks off in comparison to Ef Hefe.  First off the bartender introduces himself and shakes out hand - nice Jesse.  They had pretty fair happy hour prices and selection of food; we had wings and chicken fingers - both good but the string fries were the best : )  The bartender was very attentive and friendly chat, something that never happens next door.  Now I can see why this place is packed on Sundays especially if you are a Cardinals fan.    Cheers to Jesse for the great service.
1	I had really bad service at this location.  I went back and forth with the waitress about drink specials when they had it posted on their LCD TV's and flyers in their windows.  I sat with a party of 8 and she served everyone at that table food and at least two drinks before she even looked my way.  It took almost 45 minutes for this lady to get me another drink and didn't happen until I went to the manager to complain about her.  To the owner, please hire more outgoing ladies for waitresses because they look attractive does not mean they have the best attitudes.
4	Awesome casual sports bar, with Thunder Trivia on Tuesdays and 2 for 1 drinks. Always a Phoenix favorite, especially if you're a Sun's fan.
2	I went yesterday to watch the Chicago and Houston football game with some friends.  I arrived after they have finished eating, but the food left on their plates did not appealing.  So, I ordered a Long Beach Tea, which is similar to the Long Island but instead they put a splash of cranberry on top.  I liked that drink, but the waitress did not come back with my change (after I gave her a $20.00).  When she finally arrived back to the table, I had to remind her that I gave her a $20.00 a needed my change, she apologized.  I must say, that that type of stuff does happen especially when a place is busy.  For food I went to enjoy slices at the two pizza restaurants just around the corner (see reviews)At the end of the game they switched some of the tvs over to 80s videos, which is throughly enjoyed and started to do my signature Sexy Robot move to!I do not think I will be back.  I will just check out El Hefe next time.Cheers
1	A few months back, my friends and I stopped by Majerle's on a birthday pub crawl.  It was a Saturday night, and was not really crowded, yet it was apparent that the two very young blonde bartenders were struggling to keep up.  Although half the bar was empty, it took more than 20 minutes to get the bartender to take our order.  She made us repeat the order twice, and still failed to get it right.  It was a mixed drink, a beer, and a glass of water.  I was the one looking for the water; it was hot and I needed hydration.  Of course she brings everything over but the water, and as she turns to walk away I try several times to stop her, with seemingly offensive terms as "Excuse me," and "Miss."  While she continues to ignore me, I throw my arm up in the air, waving my hand, still trying to get her attention.  Finally I start snapping, which instantly gets a response.  I ask her, nicely (even though I'm seriously annoyed at this point) if she could please get me a glass of water.  You should've have seen the look this girl gave me...straight out daggers.  She pours my water, slams it on the bar and says" DON'T EVER SNAP AT ME AGAIN!"  turns around, and storms off.  I was so stunned, I actually was speechless for a solid minute, and anyone who knows me, would know rendering me speechless is quite the feat.  Apparently I have a lot of nerve asking for the water SHE forgot to bring in the first place.  I drank my water and we promptly left.  With attitude and service like that, I don't know how this place will survive, but best of luck to you.  I'll be busy visiting the surrounding bars where I can actually get a drink, sans the ridiculously bitchy attitude.
4	I have been here a handful of times... and will base this review on that collective experience.First, for those not from the PHX area or familiar with basketball players, try not to call this place "Maa-jer-lees"... unless you have an Australian or English accent and then it doesn't make a difference what you call it because people will still think it sounds totally cool.Second, drinks almost always arrive the way I expect them to be made.  So a Grey Goose and 7 with a lime tastes, well, like a Grey Goose and 7 with a lime!  But beer never tastes like a Grey Goose and 7 with a lime.  Right now you're probably wondering how many times I am going to say Grey Goose and 7 with a lime in this post, right?  None, I promise...Third, food.  The wings are good, not great... Slam Dunk Shrimp are pretty excellent... chicken quesadilla is damn good... and sandwiches have all been pretty good.  Now that is not exactly a scientific measuring system, but it's the best you're going to get in this review!Fourth, ambiance.  It's a bar.  There are TVs that are good for watching the game (or games).  There are pretty hot waitresses.  Well done, Mr. Majerle!
3	Stopped in here a couple weeks ago when I was unfortunate enough to have to be in Scottsdale.  I was with a group that thought it would be a good idea...yeah.  So, after not making it a minute in the club next door before I was horridly annoyed, our party came here to unwind and get some drinks without the fakeness of Old Town clubbers.  We were impressed.  It seemed like a good group of people, no attitudes, and easy to get a booth.  The only complaint was that the service was quite slow for how not busy it was in there.  I would go back again and give it another shot.
5	Great service.  Great atmosphere.  Did not eat so can't comment on that.
4	Love this place. We came left Hi Fi and came here to grab drink. This is probably one of the best sport bars in old town and the service is always great. they just need to change their music from rap to top 40
1	I went to Marjerle's Sports Grill in old town scottsdale last sunday and it was by far the worst restaurant experience i've had in a long time, or maybe the worst of ALL TIME. First off, we sat at a table on the patio and after the server took our drink orders, it took about 30 minutes to actually receive our drinks. Whether it was her fault or the bartenders fault for the delay, she didn't even check on us or apologize for the delay during that entire 30 minutes. When my boyfriend needed a second drink, the waitress was no where to be found so he proceeded to go to the bar to get a drink. The bartender stood on her phone for about 2 minutes texting away. And then proceeded to walk apart my boyfriend waiting at the bar to go continue texting in the back. For food, we order a side salad and sliders; two menu items that shouldn't take longer than 10-12 minutes. Well, surprisingly, the food came out to us in about 15 minutes. Question was: is the food going to be good? NO ABSOLUTELY NOT. The bun on my 3 sliders were burnt to a crisp. But it doesn't stop there, when I looked at the meat patty of one of my sliders, it looked as if a huge bite was taken out of it! This is when I had enough. I called the waitress over, told her the issues we had, which she apologized for. I told her we didn't want to order anything else and just wanted the bill. For two rounds of drinks for 5 people, a crappy side salad, and burnt sliders, we paid a whopping NINETY FIVE DOLLARS for what was the WORST dining experience i have ever had. So bad, its almost funny.
2	I have been to this Majerle's a couple times and have also been to the one in downtown Phoenix. I will say, I am not a fan. I went with my family earlier this week for my brother's going away dinner. My brothers love this place....not sure why, but they do. We were there during happy hour, so at least the prices were reasonable. One of my brother's got the gorilla wings and I had one....they are sort of bland and nothing too special. I also tried one barbeque wing that I did not care for. My mom got a reuben and said it was one of the worst she has had and that she makes better at home....and my mom is not terribly picky. Their one good quality was that they carry Four Peaks Peach, which I like. This is not a place I would choose to spend my money in again.
1	Talk about a lame chain of a resturant! Just because you slap on a home town heroe's name on the front of a building does not mean you should ever go there. The food is terrible and expensive - bad combination. Bartenders poor mad weak, I'm assuming to save monies. On my last visit during the 2013 NBA Finals, I did not care at all about the game, being Heat Spurs..I wanted to drink. Guess what? $150 later, no buzz! Save your money and go elsewhere and hope Thunder Dan can do more with the GCU Lopes than he can managing the Suns or this Restaurant.
4	I didn't go out to lunch a lot because we had a fully stocked kitchen at the office, but when I did go out this was the most frequented. Majerle's is a great sports bar. A bunch of guys at the office were in to soccer so I would go with them to watch it here. I wasn't eating meat for hot second, and came here a couple times during that period. This is when I would indulge in the good ol' Traverse City Wrap. I love meat but that is a solid option if you don't. The sliders are and wings are awesome. They have a ton of good sandwiches and the shoestring fries are great. I always tell myself I'm not going to eat them all but they disappear by the end of the meal. Their personal pizzas are solid as well.It's funny, there aren't that great of drink deals, at least not at lunch, but I always ordered a tall Ranger IPA for $7 which always got my bill around $20. You can probably be economical if you want, I just never was. Like I said, great Sports Bar.
1	Ripoff city. This guy's happy Hour annoys me to no ends. He charges 6 bucks for appetizers, but gives you reduced portions, so your paying less yeah, but also getting less. This overhyped whiny dude who couldn't hold a job with the Suns doesn't know how to run a restaurant either. Pizza is 6 bucks also at HH, but they even give you a smaller sized pie. I did  not take the bait Danny Boy. The apps are already overpriced at 10 bucks each and it is not only because it's Scottsdale, it's all over. Now, he is going to rip off people in Flagstaff. Big doofy bartender who was trying to defend this idiotic HH policy and seemed like he couldn't wait to get rid of us despite all of five folks in there "enjoying" happy hour. Don't get ripped off by the chain of garbage.
3	I actually really love this bar. My friends and I like to come here to watch football. The happy hour is pretty great and for bar food the food is actually pretty good. My one complaint and why I give it less stars is we tried coming here for Thursday night football but they have a live radio show airing at the same time. We Come to watch the game since it's nfl network and instead they do a radio show and no sound for the game!!! We would be coming back for the games but with that broadcast we will be going elsewhere where they have sound.
5	We go to Majerles all the time and I have never been disappointed.  The food is good, the drinks are strong, and the service has always been great.  It's a fun place to watch football.  I will always be a huge fan of Majerles!
4	Excellent Hang out sports bar. My Mamas Burger was full of flavor and the very attractive Marie gave us excellent service. The atmosphere is a nice mix, with the patio and inside. Plenty of TVs and they broadcast the audio for the game.   Fairly reasonable prices especially considering the service
2	The service is always good, the food is decent.... I really enjoy the Chicken Cordon Bleu sandwich!  However, they don't do a good enough job accommodating for sporting events on the t.v.'s!  Tuesday was opening night for NBA on TNT, Bulls vs. Heat!  Awesome game I was hoping to watch at a sports bar.  An ASU radio show took over the scene... I left at halftime to go next door.  Disappointing!
3	Been here several times and it's a solid sports bar with good bar food.  Service is good and the staff is friendly.  Great place to catch a game on their many large screen TV's.  Close to work, so it's convenient and close.
1	Horrible service. Drinks were made incorrectly and the food wasn't that good. Walk across the street and go to hi fi or whiskey row
4	I stopped coming here since the kitchen was under performing but thought I would  give it another try.  Menu has been updated and my burger was perfectly cooked, which hadn't happened before.  Might be new management or a new chef but they earned my business back
3	Fun place to drink & hang out, but the food is typical bad bar food. I like the music they play and love the giant glass windows that open out so on a nice day/night it feels very indoors/outdoors. If you're with a large group, it can be really hard to hear each other because the audio they play is a little too loud for before 9 pm. I was very unimpressed by their Happy Hour, which other reviewers have called out as well, and the food was disappointing. - Nachos: Terrible. The "cheese sauce" was little better than the canned orange stuff. Not much in the way of toppings other than a few olives and jalapenos. Probably the worst nachos I've had at a bar in AZ yet.- Strawberry Field Salad: I've had pretty good luck with salads at sports bars in Scottsdale, but this was not the case here. A light layer of lettuce covered in mediocre feta cheese and bruised strawberries. Just not that good.- Margarita Pizza: This was the best thing I ate all night. Good crust, good toppings. Pretty hard to mess up pizza so this is a safe bet.Trivia on Tuesdays is fun here but the food and $6.50 for a Coors Light sort of kills it for me.
3	Convenient location and the food was alright, but nothing special.
1	First round NCAA tournament, Arizona game, they're understaffed, ran out of lemons, have one bar tender working, and the kitchen staff can't go half and half on regular and sweet potato fries.  Our server is friendly but scrambling.  Turkey sliders could not be less impressive.  I won't make this mistake again.
3	Was excited to go to this place when I was in town because I grew up watching Dan Majerle in the 90's.  I liked all the old Suns references on the menu and on the walls.  Food was pretty typical for a big sports bar.  Good to place to chill and have a beer.
4	The best boneless buffalo wings ever! They are not the overly breaded wings with a sliver of meat. They appear to be flash fried, very similar to bone-in wings so that you get the same texture. They taste exactly like traditional buffalo wings only minus the bones. Easily the best boneless wings that I have ever tried. And only $6 during happy hour, Monday through Friday from 3 to 7pm.
4	The only place that is not a complete mess in Scottsdale! After being slapped in the face by Bottled Blonde and Derby Public House, my friends and I checked this place out and it was such a breath of fresh air! Reasonably priced drinks unlike what the other clubs in Scottsdale charge. I swear, I think those other place water down their booze and then charge you $10 a drink for it. Majerle's has a cool NORMAL crowd. Wasn't too packed, played great music and was a ton of fun. Definitely my favorite place in the area. Nice big bar if you want to chill and watch some sports, then BAM on the other side of the place another bar with a dance floor! Perfect!! My friends and I will be back for sure!
1	Majerle is the cheapest restaurant owner in town. Thought I would give the real food a chance and was in the mood for a burger, but not in the mood for a frozen patty that they get delivered once a week (bartender admission). Cmon Dan, really, does this make you happy. We know you are just in it for the profit and don't care about the food.  At least upgrade your burgers, but I realize that the drunken Dbags don't care what they are shoving down their throat, but some folks care. They are still a nice staff and will turn on any games you want, but I will never be eating there.
1	We went last Friday evening, during happy hour...  'happy hour', where the 32 oz mini pitchers were $10.  The bartender tried to make that seem like a good deal, but when Zipps has 32 oz mugs for $3.75 (HH) and Pranksters Too charges about $5 (HH), why in the world would we go to back to Majerle's?  There were only about 6 other people in the place, and now we know why.  Nice enough place, but just not worth it.
5	Best food in the area for sure. They serve till two am on the weekends. The girls here have great personalities. Management is super nice. Great service. Great prices.
5	This was our first stop upon arrival in Scottsdale and we were welcomed by two great people Sam & Katie. They were very friendly, serving great beers and food. We will definately be back - Pete & Shazz (UK)
5	Great place to watch a game must try the boneless tc wings they are amazing and so is there blue cheese definitely a must try and on happy hour they are on special
5	Awesome atmosphere always super positive staff. Going great customer service is a must in this day and age and they know it! Tons of TVs like seriously like 30+ so great for watching the game haha! Beer specials as expected and try the diablo chicken sandwich it was great!
5	The food and service is always great at majerlies. It is a perfect spot to have a few drinks and watch the game.
4	Rated high on sports and cold drinks. Falls a bit average on the food. It's not bad, but I come for the sports and environment. Food is a full on afterthought. Sorry the review is short. Not much else to say.
3	I was kind of excited to go here because one of my "wing friends" told me they were great here. Well, he forgot to tell me the wings were breaded. Big, breaded drumsticks. Not my thing. But the sauce was good. The service was spot on and we had a good time despite my sadness over the breading. There were a lot of large groups and plenty of room for them here. Sports all around, prices were good.
4	The grilled chicken,bacon, avocado and sprouts sandwich with a side of Cesar salad was fantastic! Wish I took a picture before I ate it all
5	I was here for happy hour and trivia with friends.  We got 2nd place!  They run trivia very well.  Get the buffalo wings here when you get the chance!  I ordered the buffalo wings (with the bone) and when they arrived, each wing had the perfect amount of sauce on it.  It wasn't runny, but it wasn't breaded either.  The sauce was able to just stick on the wings!  I gotta come here again!
3	We went there for the night life, kind of a mistake even though there was a dance floor and a DJ. Awkward dance floor and not very good music if you are wanting newer hip hop to dance to. Good bartenders though! Quick and friendly! More of a casual hang out kinda place for sure hence its name "sports bar"...
4	A group of girls and I went out for a co-workers birthday and we ended up sitting out on the front patio while we waited for the rest of our group. We loved the music they played, they also play the music videos on the big screen outside. I had a Blue Moon and it was delicious, but my only complaint would be inconsistencies in prices. I paid $5 for my beer while my friend payed $6.50. Not sure what's up with that, but this a great place to "pre-game" instead of spending $10 for the same thing at the surrounding clubs.
5	A very nice place to watch a game plenty of tv's and the food is surprisingly good for sports bar fare.
4	I'm a huge fan of the food. The bar itself is a little too rowdy for me, but I'm not into sports bars. I had the slam dunk shrimp and I am smitten, who thought to put buffalo wing sauce on tempura shrimp?!?!? It's out of this world. I also got a kids quesadilla with fries and it was ok. The shrimp were the real superstars. As a vegetarian, I will definitely be back for these guys.
3	We ordered the Gorilla wings honey garlic to go (so that we could watch the game at home) and also order a Greek salad. The salad was okay, but the wings were pretty good. Crispy and flavorful.
2	Came a friday night at around midnight for some drinks with friends. REALLY LOUD techno music with a sad story from Fox News playing on all the TV screens. I just can't figure out this bar out. From the looks of this scarce bar, neither can anyone else. Shame because it looks like a great sports bar during the day. They just need to figure out their night scene.
4	Great place to catch a suns game! Of course the name tells you what the decor is. Jerseys from the 90s line the walls. TV screens everywhere. Can't go wrong for sports here. Average bar food. Strong drinks. Go suns!
