4	Nice place.  Plenty of nice wood accents and friendly service.Sat at the bar and had the green chile pork stew which is a McGrath classic.  Very tasty.Kiltlifter on tap served in a frosty glass.All is good.  I'll be back.
4	Yum!  I am so glad this place has opened and Robert McGrath is back doing what he is great at.  I won't hide the fact that I am a huge fan of his.  He catered the rehearsal dinner to my wedding with the great food of Roaring Fork (before it was sold).Went last night for an early dinner and the reservation list looked like it was extremely full.  We started with the signature green chile pork stew and it was delicious.  Slightly different than the way it was prepared at RF, but it is something I would definitely get again.  I had the Big Ass Burger (oops, I mean Bob's Burger) and it was fantastic.  It was slightly over cooked, but I attribute that to the kitchen still getting all of their timing down.  The burger and side of fries are huge and probably the best value on the menu for $12.My wife had the blackened catfish and said it was fantastic.  We also had some of the green chile mac, but we already knew that would be great.The best part about this new place is that the staff is very professional.  I can't tell you how many new restaurants I have been to where they end up hiring a bunch of kids who don't know anything about food or service.  Renegade seems to be staffed with people who are excited about the restaurant and it shows.Can't wait to go back.  Bar menu includes one of my old time favorites of Buzzard Breath Chili served in a bag of Fritos. We will definitely be back and this place will make it into our regular rotation of great places to go.
4	It's nice to see McGrath back in the kitchen whipping up his terrific Southwestern food. They did a nice job converting the space that formerly housed South Beach, with a large bar area and nice dining room area. The service, for only being open a short while, was wonderful - we sat in the bar area and had multiple servers checking in on us regularly. They have happy hour in the bar area from 4-7 nightly, and there are even tables and booths, so you might as well sit there if it's during those hours. Happy hour drink prices are good but not a steal - $5 well drinks, margaritas, and wine, $3 bottles of beer. The crabmeat and cabbage "enchiladas" (regular menu) were a tasty, light appetizer. For entrees, we had Bob's Big Burger and the chicken flatbread off the happy hour menu. The burger was a bit overcooked but the thin fries were great. They don't discount the burger for happy hour, so you're probably better off getting Roaring Fork's Big-Ass Burger during happy hour. The flatbread was great and a great value - $8 on happy hour for a pretty sizable portion (8 slices). The beet cake dessert with carrot gelato was definitely unique and surprisingly good. It's not an everyday kind of place, but hopefully McGrath will find success here as a destination restaurant much like Roaring Fork was when he was there.
4	We were only able to grab a high top in the bar for Happy Hour. The draft beer selection was pretty extensive and the HH prices were reasonable. we really enjoyed the smoked chicken flatbread and catfish tacos on the HH menu as well. The Chef popped out of the kitchen in his chefs coat and trademark bandanna so at least we know he is in the kitchen putting the final touches on everything before it hits the dinning room. The whole experience was classic McGrath circa Roaring Fork and P. Blue Ribbon (I thought it was good despite its short tenure). This one will last.
4	We went to this place on Saturday night after reading about it online - with not a whole lot of options in the N. Scottsdale area for decent food this place was a refreshing change.  We didn't have a reservation, and as a Phoenix newbie I wasn't aware of the McGrath following until we arrived at the restaurant on a holiday weekend... it was packed!  We were able to grab a table at the bar, and we were very intrigued by the menu.  We split the shrimp appetizer and I had the green chile pork while my husband had the burger.  I was expecting the pork to be a bit spicier, although it was still good, and my husband ordered the burger medium, it came out well done.  The fries were awesome.  Like the other reviewers, I agree it's a new restaurant and the kitchen and the service still needs a little fine tuning.  While our server was incredibly nice and helpful, they just forgot utensils for 10 minutes while our appetizer sat in front of us and we couldn't wave anyone down for their attention even though they kept speeding past us.  But we'd go back again, nice vibe, cool atmosphere and quite the crowd.  We were the youngest couple there by 20 years, but this seems like a hip happening place for the snow leopards!
4	Very happy this place opened close to my house.  Great atmosphere with McGrath walking around the restaurant.  The menu is small but everything tasted or looked great.  The staff was very helpful and friendly.Will definitely be going back.
4	3.5 stars for me.Food:  Very comfortable and delicious food familiar to us Roaring Fork folks.Wine:  Reasonably marked up bottles to share.Service:  Sloooooooooow and forgetful. It's new so I'll cut them some slackCrowd:  Mostly Older folks, but that never bothers me.Best part was the Green chili stew and the Ice cream and pecan pie.Don't know if I'll schlep up for it from Chandler again but my friends live nearby so....
4	Green Chili Pork Stew!!!  I love it - and I heard that this new restaurant had it on their Happy Hour menu.  I had never heard of Chef Robert McGrath, or his reputation, so I wandered over to the Renegade Canteen on an early Friday night to try their stew. What a mistake - it was packed, with standing room only in the bar.  The greeter was very friendly and personable, and seemed really disappointed that I did not want to stay or wait.  But I told her that I would be back when it wasn't as busy.I returned the following afternoon during happy hour, and it wasn't quite as hectic. I was able to sit at the bar, and was quite impressed with the restaurant.  The interior was quite nice, with lots of dark wood, and open spaces, all very nicely decorated. All of the servers and bartenders were really nice, and obviously they were having fun working there.  I did order the Green Chili Pork Stew, and it was great and everything I had hoped!!  I will keep coming back just for that dish alone.  They also had a nice selection of beer and a fairly representative wine list.But sitting at the bar and watching what some of the other diners ordered, I may have to expand my horizons.  All of the food looked amazing - from their Buzzard's Breath Chili to "Bob's Big Burger". (I actually waited to see how they would eat these gigantic burgers - I would never have been able to get it in my mouth).  They also have soups, flatbreads, entrees and steaks - all at fairly reasonable prices. And I did meet Chef McGrath, who was making sure that each of the diners were enjoying their evening.  It was nice to see that he was really interested in their thoughts and opinions of his food, and would treat his customers as valued guests.A great dining experience - just make sure that if you are going to Happy Hour, get there early!!!
4	I'd say a solid 4 stars fits well for this joint. Walking in I felt like I was at a ritzy ski chalet in Aspen. Tons of  nice wood and a slight smoky smell made me feel special just to be there. I was instantly impressed. We ordered the green chili pork stew and scallop risotto to start and both were amazing. Scallops were perfecto, especially with the Cakebread Chard that we uncorked! I tried the pork stew sans tortilla and enjoyed that as well. For din din, I ordered the halibut and was really really disappointed that it was overcooked and dry. Another diner in our group had the same problem and we were both quite sad. However, the spinach flan that accompanied the fish was delicate and moist and mixed well with the towel-dryness of the main player on the plate. I was hesitant to try the "smelly old fish from last week", but someone ordered it and shared and it was super duper tasty. It was drenched in sauce, unlike the rehabbing fish I was introduced to..........Dessert was great- I don't really remember it after the second bottle of Cakebread, but I know that I ate it! :) All in all a good night, despite the halibut.
2	I just got home from dining at Renegade Canteen, and I've gotta say...not worth it, at all. I'm a big Roaring Fork fan, which is why I agreed to eat here, but this place didn't live up to RF's standards as far as I could tell.To be fair, the service was lovely. Perfectly timed everything, not overbearing, happy to answer every question, took special orders without sighing as most servers do, and what was most noticeable was every server appeared to be at least 30 years old. They were very professional.To begin, I browsed the cocktail menu and didn't see a drink that jumped out to me, but I did notice they had a prickly pear mojito, so I asked if it would be possible to have a prickly pear martini. They were happy to oblige, and it was delicious. This was probably the highlight of the evening.The bread they brought out was decent, and there were two butter options, one plain and one herbed. Another really cool thing was our table-we had a large party and the table was huge and round, and there was a separate round top piece of the table that rotated around, making it easy to pass items between people.For apps, most of my party ordered salads. I decided to branch out and ordered the crab meat "enchiladas", which tasted like old fishy canned tuna, served wrapped in lettuce. It advertised a "mango vinaigrette", which was seen only as a teeeeeny tiny drop on the plate. It should be noted that this bite tasted neither mango-y or like a vinaigrette. I had a bite of bf's plain side salad, which was alright, but that's pretty hard to screw up.Entrees: I ordered the spinach crepes, which sounded awesome on the menu. Unfortunately, they were REALLY bland, and just didn't taste good at all. They were basically sauteed spinach and chopped pumpkin wrapped in a spinach "crepe"...but the crepe was incredibly dry and not good at all. It's served with two crepes, and I could barely make myself finish one.I had a bite of the pot roast, which was pretty solid, and much tastier than my crepes, but as for the rest  of the entrees ordered (chicken, tagliatelle with truffle sauce, chicken flatbread), no one seemed wow-ed enough to finish. The burger that was ordered was reminiscent of Roaring Fork's "Big Ass Burger", but was not reported to be as good  as their version.For a party of 7 people, you'd think if you ordered only 2 desserts, they'd be gobbled up with no problem. Not for us. The pecan pie and the ovaltine with rice krispy treat were passed around at least five times, and still no one could finish either. The pecan pie was served in a round metal dish and had ice cream on top, and the entire thing was sickly sweet, with no real crust to speak of, just sugary pecans. The ovaltine thing was about five things on a plate that were all bad-"frozen" ovaltine, which tasted like a bad chocolate mousse, stale cocoa and regular rice krispy treats, a caramelized banana, and "black caramel sauce", which no one could figure out and no one enjoyed. All of us are sweets people, I would like to point out, so it takes a lot for us to not finish a dessert!Overall, I'd never go back here, but I'd still go to Roaring Fork (especially for their happy hour). The prices at Renegade Canteen aren't outrageous, but they're wayyy too high for the quality of food they're serving!
3	I selected Renegade for dinner this past Monday evening for our party of five... we were celebrating of sorts and I thought it would be fun to try something new together.  I also figured it would be similar to Roaring Fork based on the reviews that came in previously and the fact that it's a Robert McGrath restaurant.I was wrong.Renegade was satisfactory, but we all agreed that nothing about it would bring us back.  While the restaurant's decor is modern and sleek, the atmosphere was kind of dull; not like the fun energy at Roaring Fork.  Service was alright (although Helene who delivered my wine was super friendly even though she was not our server).  The food and the check seemed to take a while...We started with the Green Chili Pork Stew and the Shrimp flatbread appetizers... neither one was a hit.  Jared took home the leftover stew but half the flatbread went to waste. A few of us had a couple of rounds of wine but Lindsey thought her sangria was too sweet and it also sat unfinished.  Entrees at the table included an entree salad, a shrimp appetizer, salmon and halibut... all were decent but nothing to write home about.We passed on dessert... Bottom line - Renegade Canteen is a nice addition to the area but it will not be a regular on my rotation.  I'm glad we tried it though!
5	I don't know anything about the chef nor his reputation. A group of us we going to have a business lunch and we wanted to go here since its around the corner, but alas no lunch. The menu was intriguing though, so I went back a couple nights later. Alas, it was worth it. Inside was well decorated. It had kind of a lodge look, but there was a small bit of whimsy with the photos and such. The service was spot on, and did not come around after the food was delivered to badger us about how everything was. Speaking of food- the green chili macaroni n cheese is the best mac and cheese I think, ever. There was just the right amount of chili flavor to not overwhelm. This alone would make me want to come back. The smoked chicken flatbread was good. The burger was perfectly cooked and huge, although completely unseasoned. This isn't a gripe, just unexpected. The wines list is good as well. If you want a cheap one and don't mind white, get the Argentinian wine under "unusual." It was worth paying restaurant price for.
5	The Big Boy burger is one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. Big enough to split. And you have to try the Green Chile Pork Stew and lamb appetizer. Plan ahead with a reservation as they fill up on a regular basis.
5	Wow! Great food, great service. We were lucky to get in to the restaurant without a reservation. Not that sitting at the bar would be a bad thing because their happy hour (only served at the bar) is very good. We started out with the lamb appetizer, which was a small meal in itself. The lamb was cooked to perfection and went well with the arugula salad. We decided there were too many items on the menu that sounded good so we ordered 3 more items all to share. My hubby had never tried the green chili pork stew so that was the first must-have. It was excellent. We also ordered the green chili mac & cheez and the burger. I don't know what the sauce was on the burger but it was good. The burger was cooked perfectly (medium) and was about 8 inches tall! I would definitely split the burger. It was huge and came with string shoe french fries, enough for at least 4 meals. With all the food we ordered, we had enough leftovers for another meal, or two. Overall the experience (especially the food) was phenom and I would recommend trying this place out over and over. Make sure to make a reservation.
2	hummm -- where do i start?  It was my daughter's birthday and we wanted to go somewhere new.  As with many of these reviews, the Roaring Fork connection drew us in.  We get there and are promptly seated - very nice.Our server (#3036) asks to take our drink order.  My daughter orders the Cactus Mojito and gets carded (perfectly acceptable - she is 23).  I comment 'GREAT, now you can validate that today is her birthday!' He checks her ID and hands it back to her - almost snubbed her.  WHA? So he takes my son-in-laws order - Heart of Stone Marg and is blaze' on the whole thing, then gets to me and is extremely pleasant.  I ordered wine,  started with the Hullabaloo Zin very nice. What I found almost rude / offensive was the lack of interest he showed with everyone but me!  That was completely strange!!!  I will say, I expected him to - at minimum - tell my daughter happy birthday!  Ok - we chatter about it and decide server #3036 is just being different. We will happily move on ...Time to order our meal - I have a few questions which were addressed very politely and enthusiastically.  My daughter asked a question and was treated as if 'everyone should know that' ....what is going on here?? My son-in-law asks about his preferred dish and he too was treated foolishly. Hummmm ....I wondered if the kindness was directed to where the wallet is??  That was the only thing I could figure out ...server #3036 was only kind to the person paying??  seriously???  hummmmThe birthday girl got the Filet Mignon - it was cooked perfectly - the side of mashed potatoes were 'fine'.  son-in-law got the Giant Prawn and was content with it ...he could have used a bit more food on his plate (luckily we ordered a side of Green Chili Mac - very good!).  My order was the Corn flaked Halibut - very very delish!!  If I was a judge on the food network channel, I would have commented that the fish was slightly over cooked - but since I'm not a tv judge - I'm refraining from the comment! : )  *warning - they serve 'black quinoa' as a side with the halibut -- its really a kinda creepy grain ...tried it and did NOT like it' *I did ask #3036 to recommend a white wine with my dish - he was a bit befuddled (i don't think we use that word enough!) and eventually came up with 'Pares Balta' Chard -- it was AMAZING.... very perfectly paired!  We closed off the birthday celebration with Lemon Genoise for my daughter, Frozen Ovaltine for s-i-l and I opted for the ol' standby, Creme Brulee.  Lemon Genoise was gross (to me), my daughter said it was as it should be -- flavors blended better as it got to room temperature.  It is topped with 'panes' of clear sugar pieces standing in the cake - we were told 'oh, it's only sugar'.  Apparently we looked as though we were going to send it back because we had 'glass shards' atop the dessert?!?!  The Frozen Ovaltine was -- chocolate ....The Creme Brulee was very well done - just the right texture, flavors and had a lovely side of berry / nut mix that went great alone or with the Brulee.  Ok - so why 2 stars?  Because one out of three dishes was outstanding - other two were ok.  One out of three desserts was outstanding - other two were ok.  Service was great for one out of three - totally NOT COOL. and we got all this for $160? nahhh -- not worth it. Quite a shame too - I think the server's attitude just sucked a lot of the ambiance out of the place. Server #3036 only got a 15% tip and I felt that was gracious of me.  I am a generous tipper so, it was really a shame for him.
4	I was so excited to try this place since Roaring Fork was so wonderful!  Renegade Canteen didn't let me down either!  The service was fantastic...our server really knew the menu and gave us great recommendations.  The food was great and the atmosphere was cozy and comfortable.
5	My wife and I tried it out on a Saturday night after a friend told us how much he enjoyed it.  My friend was right.  They have a special dish every night and on Saturday night it is Dr. Pepper braised short ribs served with grits and a special kind of slaw.  They were incredible.  Fall off the bone tender and delicious.  The grits were smooth and creamy the slaw was tasty.  Don't normally have desert but there selection was too good to pass up.   The wife and I shared a bread pudding made with mushrooms that tasted like maple topped off with a scoop of gelato.  It was amazing.   Looking around the dining room I saw nothing but smiles and satisfied looks.  What was as amazing as the food is that the prices were quite reasonable given the quality of the food and the experience.  We will be back.Went back and tried the the green chile pork during happy hour in the bar.  Awesome.
3	What a pity, I thought we had found a new spot for happy hour.  After reading the reviews, I was very excited to try this spot. Even though my husband wanted to go to the Cove I convinced him to try a new spot.  The place is nice but the food was just good.  We tried the green chili pork and the lobster tacos.  I liked the lobster tacos, but the green chili pork was bland and I know bland, I have tasted the baby food I used to give my twins when they were smaller.  The wine choices are very few and the ones for HH are not good at all.  I tried the pinot noir and it was awful so I settled for the cabernet.  We decided to have dessert, we chose the chocolate cake with flan.  Not good at all.  The flan portion was overcooked and so dry.  Andrea the bartender was nice enough to notice and take it off our bill.
3	If I happen to be at 94th St and Shea--I would go back to Renegade Canteen--Went for happy hour sat at the outside bar--service was fine--happy hour prices reasonable.  We shared the green chile stew and some clams--everything was just fine.  For me this would be a convenience stop rather than a destination--nothing about the experience makes me want to go out of my way for more.
3	I'll confess: Four days later, I am still thinking about the green chile pork. While I wouldn't consider it much of a stew (there wasn't much broth), I can't get the well seasoned cubes of pork loaded with cheese like it was French onion soup off my mind. Service was not spectacular and the location is not especially convenient. We'll see if it's cravable or just plain tasty...
4	Holy crap that was a huge burger!
4	I recently enjoyed dinner with my husband, his old (as in past, not age!) boss and his wife at the Renegade Canteen.  We sat at the large wooden table that separates the bar and dining areas.  This table feels like the epicenter of the whole place and I would recommend it to anyone.  We ordered their specialty cocktails which were light and delightful.  My drink had the name "Beth", so of course, I ordered it and I believe it is the best one, too!  The duck entree was fabulous.  But the desserts were all fantastic, so save room.  The bourbon-laced pecan pie was the winner.  It is brought out in a little metal pan that you'll want to lick at the end.   The place had that certain buzz like 'the restaurant of the moment' always seems to have, which was nice.
5	Went with friends for Happy Hour Sunday.  We both got the Bob's BigBurger and split with spouses.  It was absolutely delicious! We werelucky enough to sit in Cindy's section, and, at her recommendation, gotthe Bread Pudding which was the most amazing bread pudding I've everhad.  She brought out the pastry chef.  Great decor, great service.We'll be back lots and lots!  Fabulous Happy hour!
4	I've deleted the opening lines of this blog entry at least ten times. I think it's because I don't want to put Renegade Canteen in a niche - doing so might cause some of you not to go, and that would be a shame.     So I'll start by telling you what we had to eat. We shared a wonderful Caesar salad, replete with white anchovies ($7), more than enough for two. I chose to have soup for my entree: Oxtail and Onion Soup with Caramelized Shallots & Sweet Onion topped with Gruyere Cheese ($13). It was delivered to the table in a soup bowl that had a very large, inwardly tilting rim around it on which were sitting three slices of grilled baguette. The bowl itself was covered with a lid. When the server removed it, the toast slid down into the soup, ready to sop up the broth. An oxtail bone was in the middle of the bowl, surrounded by lots of meat (way more than would be on one segment of bone). It struck me as both odd and clever. Presentation is a big part of the experience of eating here, and it's done with flair. The soup was gorgeous, sweet and savory, the meat succulent, and the onions perfectly caramelized. At first I was mildly disappointed that there wasn't a huge amount of cheese, but the oxtail was so rich that more cheese would have been cloying. Ken ordered the special of the day, Roasted Rack of Lamb with Creamed Spinach ($20). The five double chops were lined up on a long narrow plate, the bones of one chop leaning on the meaty portion of the next, all of them balanced in a ribbon of creamed spinach. The meat was cooked perfectly to order, but it was the spinach that blew Ken away. Rather than being pasty, it was lightly sauced and beautifully seasoned. Now, hopefully I've caught your interest, so I can go back to the niche part.     Robert McGrath, formerly of Roaring Fork is the chef here. He's won the James Beard Foundation Award for Best Chef in America-Southwest. But this isn't the hit-you-over-the-head-with-a-chili-pepper Southwest food. The peppers sing quietly in the background, getting along happily with the rest of the well thought out flavors. While many of the dishes have a Southwestern twist, there's lots that are straight American.Chef McGrath has bought along his famous "Big Ass Burger", now called Bob's Big Burger - 12 ounces for $13 - one of the best in town. Steamed Pacific Clams with Copious Amounts of Butter, Garlic, Wine and Bread are $12. A 20 ounce Berkshire Pork Porterhouse weighs in at $22. One of the more entertaining specials is Friday night's"Peter;s Smelly-Old Fish From Last Week".     The only bad thing, and it really was a bummer, was our dessert. Rather than go with  the flourless chocolate cake, i decided to be different and try the Red Beet Root Cake with Carrot-Vanilla Gelato, Candied Pistachios and Carrot & Beet Powder ($7). What was brought to the table was a desiccated scoop of ice cream, too hard to even get the tines of a fork into, and cake which was not much better. Our waiter was appalled by this, saying that the ice cream had been pre-scooped, and he went running back to the kitchen to replace the dessert. Its texture was somewhat better, but for me, the whole concoction was pretty much flavorless. I detected neither beet nor carrot. The candied pistachios were good though. As an apology, our waiter comped Ken's double espresso.     The ambience is upscale but not stuffy. Lot's of dark wood, big upholstered chairs at the dining tables. There's a stunning fireplace on a small patio out back, and a larger patio for diners to one side. Up front there's some leather upholstered couches and arm chairs, which is a good thing, because there were lots of people waiting. The place was shockingly busy for a week night, and I've heard it's a zoo on the week ends. Reservations would seem to be a good idea. I can certainly understand the popularity of Renegade Canteen. It manages to be trendy yet unintimidating for us non-trendy people, has great service and excellent food (I'm willing to overlook the dessert), and very reasonable prices.I think you'll enjoy it, even those of you who are Southwest food averse.
3	I have been to Renegade Canteen twice now in the past month. My first visit was great. Great hamburger, great beer, great value, and a very nice space to relax and watch a football game. My second visit was fine were it not marred by one of the worst pizza's I have ever had (they refer to it as "flatbread") It was a chicken pesto pizza with poblano's and cream sauce. Sounds good right? Uhhh... it tasted like wonderbread. Seriously, the ONLY flavor I could get was the taste of white bread. I could see all the ingredients, but I couldn't taste any of them. Very, very strange.  Mozzeralla and Pesto are somewhat mild as it is, but I never expected that. I should have known better than to order an italian dish at a southwestern restaurant. But I am a positive person so lets focus on my first visit. I had an amazing burger with bacon and cheddar. The bacon was sliced thick and the cheddar cheese was bursting with flavor.  The fries were top notch. My dad had the ribs which were also very good. And they have a great selection of beers on the menu.  Who doesn't enjoy drinking PBR from the can?Also - I would be remiss if I failed to point out the servers are all super friendly. They can be slow at times, but they make up for it with a genuine sense of charm.  First visit 4 stars. Second, 2 stars. Split the difference. Stick with the southwestern menu items, and you should enjoy it.
5	I heard from a friend that Renegade had become their favorite dinner hangout spot, so I moved it to the top of my "to try" list. I went to dinner famished after a 9 mile run. I was ready to eat and eating is exactly what I did. At our server's suggestion we got the green chile pork stew... and that first bite was so amazing. The pork and cheese and green chile sauce with a hint of broth spooned into tortillas was heaven. We also shared a spinach salad - candied pecans, bacon pieces, and an egg on top. Enjoyable. We shared entrees. I had the filet with their green peppercorn sauce and a side of green chili mac and cheese. I knew I'd love the mac and cheese from having it at Roaring Fork. The filet was cooked perfectly and paired very well with the green peppercorn sauce (though it was neither green nor peppery). BF got the pork with the mushroom sauce (I liked the peppercorn sauce better) and the kale and bacon (in retrospect, I'm noticing we kind of went crazy on the pork products that night). Kale is definitely an acquired taste - I really enjoy it. My boyfriend didn't like his first bite at all, but by the end of the meal was talking about what a big fan of kale he is. The pork serving was enormous and for me, it wasn't anything over-the-top special. I'd probably try something else next time. We tried both their margaritas, both were okay. We also had a couple good glasses of wine (a cab and a malbec blend).We did some really good eatin' at Renegade... it was one of those indulgent meals where I had a hard time getting up and moving around afterward. The service was very attentive and enjoyed sitting on the patio. Overall, excellent experience!
4	Awesome restaurant!  Went here this past weekend and our experience was over the top.  Our server was amazing and gave great suggestions for the menu and for wines as well.  (I forget his name but if I remember I'll repost)  We started with the bacon wrapped scallops and then each of us had a different entree.  I had the filet-cooked to perfection!!! my dad and brother had the special 35 day aged steak for $40-SO worth it!  and the BF had the dr. pepper braised pork ribs with cheese grits and again totally satisfied with the choice.  the cheese grits were to die for actually so if you want to pick it as a side you totally have my blessing ;) dessert was AWESOME as well, my brother got the shake and when he got up to go to the restroom we had our server bring an empty glass so when he got back he thought we'd eaten it all lol it worked perfectly.  I had the mushroom cake with ice cream, super good and really large portions.  the BF had pecan pie which was cooked to perfection.  you should go there, now.  the atmosphere was great and they have a great private room area as well for larger groups!!
3	Right now I'm at 3.5 stars but I'm rounding down on this one.  I loved the pork stew appetizer, and I really liked the pot roast.  My real problem was that the waiter didn't warn us about how much food the appetizers were.  We had no chance to try desert.  Two split appetizers and one entree apiece is way too much food.  Had we not ordered the chicken flatbread, things might have worked out for the better.  The chicken flatbread was probably the weak link of the meal, anyway.  The half bottle of cab franc went great with the meal, though, have to say that.Anyway, I hope they start warning people about how much food they are getting if they order multiple appetizers.  This meal would have been a solid four star experience had we not been waylaid by the second appetizer.
4	When Bob McGrath runs a restaurant a few things are assured; the atmosphere is casual and fun, the service is friendly and extremely competent, the food is solid, well spiced, creative and  damn good. Another trip to Renegade resulted in Bob coming over to apologize, personally, for a minor glitch. Why bother? Because Bob knows he's in the hospitality business and that more is required than simply a smiling face and a first name. Look up and a staff member will catch your eye and come over to see what you want... a well run restaurant at its best. Sad to say I live in Chandler so it's a trek to Renegade. Believe me, it is a trek worth making and one we'll repeat frequently. My only complaint? Bob won't open a place closer to me.
5	Loved, Loved, Loved this place!  Hubs and I went here for date night yesterday and have nothing but great things to say about this restaurant.We shared everything and had the duck fajitas, catfish, green chili mac and cheese, and the "mushroom" bread pudding.  All of it tasted so good, and it was nice to have something different, but also just pure comfort food at it's finest.  We were especially impressed with the bread pudding, which actually has mushrooms in it!  Our waiter was nice enough to bring some of them out for us to smell, and they smelled just like the wonderfully sweet dessert we had just eaten.Renegade was a great dining experience.  A tad expensive, but well worth it!!!  Go and enjoy some inventive, tasty cuisine!
4	After reading Gabi's reviews, I'm convinces she needs to give it another try. While not the perfect place, the service was attentive and all of us enjoyed out unique dishes. The portions were large, (with the exception of the meat dishes, which were HUGE) but not crazy. Enough for a little doggie back. We were celebrating my birthday and all of us ordered dessert.....the mushroom bread pudding was once of the best things I've ever had! I will say that our dinner took about an hour to come out, which is redic. o 3.5 starts.
5	I've been there 3 times now and it's just fantastic. I got Bob's big burger. 2/3 pound with a nice, big bun. it's very good. it's a nice, southwest feel inside. quality wood, nice bar, nice wine area. If you have guests in town, this is a nice view into our southwest style food. Suggest you make reservations if it's thur, fri or sat night. Can be hard to get in. Highly recommended.
5	Nice find, tucked away in a non-descript area otherwise serviced by chain restaurants.  Great looking place - large, airy, and with plenty of seating options.  Bar is large and friendly. Busy. Friendly. Vibrant. The menu is interesting and varied, they sell a nice range of beers (including 'basics', which I appreciate - not just exotic brands). I had the seared scallop appetizer, and it was delicious. I also had the lobster taco. Quite possibly the best taco I've ever had! Had a real spicy kick to it, and it was ever-so-well assembled - was able to eat it without it falling apart. Though upscale/trendy, it's not too fancy and had a neighborhood feel to it.  The average age was on the higher end ... let's just say I don't think they card people very often here! I'll definitely be back!
4	Great food..check , Service..friendly but unfortunately our order messed up so one in our party of 3 had to wait for her food, so we shared ours while the kitchen prepared her dish .  The fact that the food was so tasty , but helped ease the annoyance.  The bus boy practically argued that the wrong dish was what we ordered...stupid kid, but our waitress was sweet and made us forget the error with her charm.  The Chef served the late dish which was nice...gave us a chance to compliment his efforts. We will definitely eat there again.  Oh yes- the cocktails were inventive and tasty!
5	I'm hooked. On a Sunday night the place was packed, but the decor was warm, the tables pleasant enough, and the booths cozy and quiet if you can get one.  The menu isn't huge, and nothing looked familiar, but upon inspection I wanted to try everything, so wound up eating two baskets of wonderful bread with herb butter while trying to decide.  We finally chose the duck fajitas which were superb as an appetizer for two, the grilled salmon with autumn vegetables and black bean cake which was delicious and as healthful as you can get, and the tagliatelle with mushroom meatballs which was astoundingly flavorful.  We finished with the flourless chocolate cake and flan which was a perfect desert to share.  It was all unique and flawless.We had no difficulty choosing a wine from the excellent wine list.  The service was also flawless, with many servers pitching in to make the meal smooth and enjoyable.  We also got to admire other dishes in passing, such as the burgers, pork stew, and steaks.  We must go back to check out the daily specials, and we'll surely bring guests.
5	Fantastic for Brunch!The menu was enticing enough that we ordered a couple extra dishes for the table. I sampled six dishes in all and all of them were exceptional! Our party of four picky foodies all went home happy.Besides great food they have a friendly, knowledgable staff, the music was pleasant, yet not overbearing and Robert McGrath even dropped by the table to say hi. Excellent.
4	Happy Hour was awesome!  A great server Tim brought us Lobster Tacos and Sweet Potato Fries offering a wide selection of beers and wines.  Pasta was excellent too.  Nice atmosphere.  Will be back for full-fledged dinner!
5	Killer burger and great salads. Drinks mixed liberally with ample alcohol.
2	When entering, the furnishings and atmosphere were impressive, and  had me anticipating a nice dinner.  But the food was disappointing.   Very, very average.   At the server's recommendation, I ordered the Green Chili Pork Stew.   But the cheese and tortillas were tasteless and the sauce felt very greasy.   My wife and I had the bread pudding and pecan toffee pie for desert.   Yech.    This is the kind of food I would have expected from a Chili's or Abblebee's.  (On a positive note, the seating was comfortable,  the service very prompt, and the prices were reasonable.)
4	Wonderful spot!Great Decor and Service in support of a marvelous dish of brazed short-ribs with an exquisite Spinach Salad and an awesome dish of Grits.  Good selection of Beers--and wine.  My wife said Trout was great too.
1	Sunday Brunch: It took about 25 minutes to be noticed by a server.  My first coffee cup was filthy.  My pork chop was under-cooked (which was standard, and evidently my fault for not asking for it to be well done), the service was slow and unattentive.My recommendation would be that if you go for Sunday brunch, go only for the music, which is excellent.  The jazz trio has class and panache.  They seem to be alone in this.If you do venture there for food, expect medium-rare pork (other restaurants' menus carry a warning about undercooked meat, but this evidently does not apply to the Renegade Canteen) and slow, disinterested service,  If you do gather up the courage to complain about the food, expect to be thrown out.  Apparently the restaurant will only entertain those who would except poor service and raw pig meat; anyone else is evicted.
3	OK, not great. Filet ($36) was above average but for the price you might as well go to a can't miss place elsewhere in the Valley. The way the self-absorbed waiter talked about it, we should have expected the best steak in history. Waiter was nice but tried too hard and eventually came off as arrogant, as he educated us about what the difference between cabernet and pinot noir was. we are in our mid 30s, and just because we were the youngest people in the dining room by 20 years, it doesn't mean we haven't had wine before. he rammed his whole opening presentation down our throats about mcgrath/beard/awards and "talent attracting talent" as he pointed to himself and the bartender....and of course didn't fail to mention that he came from a culinary backgroud, whatever the hell that means. luckily, we got to hear him do it all over again as he over-schmoozed the table of 6 next to us.caesar salad was fine, but the waiter said it was made the 'real way', by scratch, anchovy, etc. whatever.....it's a salad...don't need 5 minute discourse on its merits.my short rib special was disappointing. the flavor was minimal and it was not braised enough, as the meat did not fall off the bone as all the others i've seen have. supposedly was braised in dr. pepper, but didn't detect much of that flavor.i think this place would be a good place to go for happy hour or a drink and one of the cheaper menu items. but to drop $20-$36 on entrees is pointless, when they are dozens of options within 15 minutes that have much better food for the price.decor was cool. try for yourself. we didn't try dessert, actually, as the waiter didn't mention it. he must have smelled a bigger tip at the table of 6.
2	Food very good, service excellent so why the low rating you ask, its due to one person only and that person is McGrath himself. What an absolutely horrible, mean spirited ugly man. I made the mistake last month of hosting a meet up group of 50 people for happy hour and I made the bigger mistake of trying to keep 3 lousy tables for us! This man, Owner/Chef/James Beard Recipient actually reprimanded me in a rather loud voice - loud enough for many others to hear him and comment about his behavior later - because I was trying to keep 3 tables for us. He proceeded to tell me that he didn't really care how many people I had coming and he didn't need their business anyway and if I didn't sit down at my table immediately (I was standing at the table talking to a friend) and basically shut up I should just leave. I honestly would have left if I was not hosting this get together. I have never been so humiliated, embarrassed in front of friend/acquantances or demeaned by anyone as I was by this horrible man. By the end of the evening we had filled up the bar area with loads of people that ordered lots of drinks and  food yet all I got from McGrath were continued dirty looks.......  If you want to go somewhere where you feel welcome by the owner and your not belittled in front of your guests don't come here!   Too bad I do love the food.
5	Whitney walked into Renegade Canteen and never had a chance. Nor did any of her previous favorite Scottsdale spots. The green chile pork stew is enough to make a good date great or a bad date totally tolerable. Tender, juicy, sent from above...having this dish once is not enough. You won't have the heart to inform your mother that after tasting McGrath's bowl of deliciousness, any pork dish she's ever prepared seems dry and flavorless. We can only hope that the clouds in heaven are made of the mashed potatoes. I get them every time. The filet was the best steak I've ever had (I've thought about it, trust me) and the Dr. Pepper braised short rib will give you something else to think about the next time the Kiss "Dr. Love" commercial comes on. yummmmmmers.
5	Come hungry! The food is delicious! The atmosphere is cozy but chic. The serve is exceptional. We split the green chile pork stew wrapped in flour tortillas as an appetizer. The meat was so tender it just falls apart in your mouth. The pork is cooked to perfection but I have enjoyed other dishes like this better. I had Bob's Big Burger with shoe string fries for my meal. I could only eat half the burger even though it was absolutely delicious! I left there stuffed and with plenty of left overs to savor for another meal time. I highly recommend going!
4	Dinner on a busy Friday night.  Arrived on time for 7:30 reservation.  Table not ready, restaurant and bar full.  Host and hostess pleasant, but not offered a place to wait.  After ten minutes seated at table for two that was OK.  This was our third dinner at Renegade and each time have enjoyed the food.  Nice breads, some excellent local beers on draft.  Asked to sample one and it was promptly brought. Starter of cheese fondue with three shrimp, chorizo sausage, olive bread and apple slices great looking and ample for two.  Clever food that tastes great.  Fondue would stay hot if on a warmer; as this is not the case it needs to be promptly consumed.   Entrees were flattened chicken served with mashed potatoes and pork green chili stew.  Both delicious.  For me chicken must be flavorful, ample, crisp skin, and moist on the inside--this entree met my priorities perfectly!  Pork was good too and spicy.  Served by server and runners and we were not pleased that entrees were brought while we were still eating appetizer; pointed this out but no one cared (hence four not five stars).  So go to Renegade for very good food, good but unpolished service.     Be prepared for bright lighting and active vibe.
5	My husband, 3 year old daughter and I ate at Renegade last nite with another couple.  We hade been meaning to go for months and I am glad we finally made it.  I am always a little aprehensive to go to a new place with my daughter since I never know if the atmosphere would be good for kids or not.  Is this a place you can let your kids run around in? No However, they have a greta kids menu and give the kids a cactus coloring sheet and crayons.  The atmosphere has a good vibe and a nice buzz.  (I don't frequent quiet places with my 3 year old so this was great).  The restaurant is really beautiful. I was surprised how busy it was at 6:30 (full, as was the bar)We had a variety of dishes starting with the green chili pork stew and tortillas as an appetizer. This was amazing!  I could seriously go back for dinner again and have this as my meal. Everyone loved it.Other dishes we had:*  Filet Mignon - This had great flavor and was a good cut of meat. The mashed potatoes that came with it were just OK (I am picky when it comes to these)* Burger - HUGE. way too big to eat without a knife and fork.  It was REALLY good. I am not a big sauce person and I even liked the sauce that came on it (maybe a chipotle mayo or something like that) Skinny fries were delish.* Green chili mac and cheese - this was soooooo yummy! You can actually order a small side. We did just to taste it and I am glad we did. Really yummy and the texture was great with the combo of soft noodles and toasty bread crumbs.* Caesar salad - fresh, crips greens - a little (just enough) garlic. This was topped with jalapeno croutons and they were great.* Pot Roast - I didn't try it but my friend loved it* Roasted Chicken - Again, didn't try this but it got rave reviews.  I saw several people eating this while we were there as well.* Bread pudding - this was really great - and it has some sort of rare mushroom in it that gives it the caramel/maple flavor. yum!* My daughter had the vanilla ice cream (I wasn't sure if it was ice cream or gelato but it was home made and delish!)We will definitely be back to Renegade.
2	Very good small plates, but I got the sense this place will probably not make it. Why?The plates are extremely small. We were three and sharing small plates shouldn't be this tiny.Some dishes are more focused on presentation than quality.Server tried too hard and seemed fake.Don't think I'd go back for the $$/quality..Very disappointing considering this is the same guy who started Roaring Fork!
4	we went yesterday at 4pm for a birthday bash(4-7 happy hour) .......well just 5 of us all together after reviewing the menu on line i wasn't that dazzled. when we walked in the place it  was pretty much empty the hostess gave us a nice friendly hello .......to set the tone for our visit we met our friends in the bar and be gain ordering apps, flat bread w/chicken ,cheese and some other goodies sweet potato fries.....good and the cheese,olive,fig ,olive bread ect platter which i loved . my wife ordered a bottle of wine to share i had me tan query martinis ....excellent.Then we moved on to dinner my buddy Phil and i had the grilled shrimp,crab cake,fried oyster dish with a twice baked potato our wife's split the giant burger and the other person had the ribs ...all Delicious .service was top notch and our waitperson was delightful as we were leaving the place was packed i can see why
3	The first trip here was good enough so that we came back again, but after two tries, there probably will be no more.  The big problem is that many of the dishes are just ok.  For example, the duck was not crispy.  Everything lacked flavor.  The prices are low for some items, and so maybe this should be forgiven, but it has the ambiance and attitude of a "special outing" restaurant, and the food needs to live up to that.  Otherwise, like us, you just can't help feeling unsatisfied.
4	Love the variety and the ambiance.  Went on Friday night; good buzz of energy but not crazy atmosphere.  We'll be back!
5	Robert did it again. Took me a while to get time to get here but... The passion and love of the Fork has made it to north Scottsdale. Great food, terrific drinks and while not as rustic, a clean comfy place good for dinner and drinks that matches anything... and you know the food will be terrific. Got to be a regualr stop on the culinary highway for me!
4	Dropping a star because of outdoor smoking.  I LOVE eating outdoors in the warmer weather, and Renegade has a nice outdoor seating area in the bar.  But they allow smoking on the patio, and the smoke gets to everyone. Several people near me were coughing.  So this won't be my favorite warm-weather dining spot, sadly.
5	Had the pork porterhouse on my most recent visit.  Stupendous.  The green chile pork is damn good, the salmon is great (and I normally am not a fish-eater), all of the sides I've had have been ridiculously good.  Not outrageously expensive, but not cheap, either.  After some bad experiences at Roaring Fork (years ago, when they would be pertinent to mention here), I was fully expecting to be treated rudely and with disdain, but that hasn't happened here - the service has been phenomenal.  That's actually my favorite part about this place - it's not stuffy at all, but the service is akin to what you'd find in a more traditionally uppity restaurant - ably dancing between cloying and laissez-faire - in other words, there when you need them and non-existant when they should be.  I love this place.
4	The inside of this place feels like Arizona very naturally pretty, a bit sophisticated, yet still a little raw in the elements it uses for its design.  At first glance, I wanted to bring out-of-towners here.  Our reservations were delayed for 45 minutes, but the staff was courteous kept in communication with us, gave us a great table for eight, plus some green pork chile stew appetizer.  Definitely would go back just for that dish.  At our table, everyone was a fan of the pork chili and those who ordered really meaty dishes were pleased.  The filet got rave reviews.  I ordered the famous burger which is big, but I wasn't that impressed.  I think next time I will go with a "meat plate", sides were tasty.  I think we shared three or four desserts and I wasn't that impressed with any of them.  The service was very professional (a little over the top cheezy at times) but it is hard to find quality service.  Wine list pretty good, cocktails creative.  The cost was fair and it is a great place to take a group of six to eight.
1	Reservations are needed to sit at the bar?!?!?!  We attempted to stop in for a drink on the patio on May 29th and were surprised to find people sitting at the tables, but the entire outdoor portion of the bar empty except for a single person.  It turns out that the person sitting at the bar was a waitress who informed us as soon as we sat down that we were not allowed to sit there because she was saving the seats for the people "on the list".  I inquired as to what list this was and she told me that we would need to get on the waiting list if we didn't have a reservation.  At that point, I expected to hear Rod Serling's voice as I thought I had actually entered the Twilight Zone.  I mean, seriously, this is by no means a posh or swanky restaurant.  It is a casual restaurant that offers happy hour, at which no one in their right mind would think it necessary to wait on a list to sit at the bar.  We got up and went and sat at what I could only describe as a counter or ledge on the side of the patio at which we had sat the previous afternoon while we were having a glass of wine.  The red-haired manager promptly walked over and told us that we need to register and put our names on the list and could not sit there.  I asked what had happened since we didn't need to be on any list the day before, but he offered no explanation and rudely insisted that we register with the hostess.  Needless to say, we left and will not return.  The only halfway decent aspect of Renegade is their outdoor patio bar and if that is not usable without an undue hassle, there really is no reason to go there.We had previously had dinner there and I honestly think that we could have gone to Denny's and gotten a better meal.  We each ordered a salad and the lobster tacos, which our server raved about and highly recommended.  The salad was made with iceberg lettuce and some other nondescript items that had seen fresher days, but the truly puzzling element was the red onion vinaigrette dressing which looked and tasted like nothing more than a combination of red food coloring and some sort of a gelatin.  As for the tacos, this is certainly not the type of place where one would expect high quality Maine lobster, so I was expecting some sort of mediocre warm water lobster.  That would have been a treat compared to the heavily breaded, greasy globs of what had to be cod or some other type of inexpensive whitefish as there was not even a hint of lobster taste present. The tacos themselves were sopping with a smoky flavored chipotle sauce and had a bit of shredded cabbage thrown in as an afterthought.  Needless to say, I didn't even finish half of that dish despite being very hungry when we'd arrived.  We had written the place off as a potential dinner destination after that horrific meal, but since we live fairly close by, thought we could still stop in for a drink, but clearly we were wrong on that front too. I truly can't see this place making it through the slow summer months if they continue to drive away business with their bizarre policy of making a reservation or registering on a list to sit at the bar.  One can only hope that their demise will be quick and a worthwhile restaurant will move in to take their place.
4	Atmoshere/Decor: great Service: very good Bob's Big Burger: great Lobster Tacos: disappointingGreen Chili Pork: very good OId world something beer: horrible San Tan beer: above average Tortilla Soup: outstanding.
5	Our 1st visit to Renegade Canteen last night.  We made reservations and were a little late getting there,  but they had our table waiting which was nice because the place was packed.  Atmosphere is very nice.  Beautiful building and a nice layout.  Next time we plan to eat in the bar.  We had to try Bob's Big Burger and what a big burger it was!  Quality meat (bacon was to die for).  Big onion, big tomato.  What more could you ask for?  Mr. McGrath was in the restaurant and he came by our table to say hello and ask if we were enjoying ourselves.  Great guy!  And our waiter was very attentive (not pushy) but always seemed to show up at the right time.We plan on going back for sure.  Give it a try.  You won't be disappointed.Catch Chef McGrath on Channel 8 PBS "Check Please, Arizona".  He does a good job and watching the show makes you hungry.Thanks Renegade Canteen for having us.
4	Excellent spot.  This space was formerly occupied by South Beach.  Renegade has done an excellent job in filling the large space and making it feel warm and inviting. Service was stellar.Interesting and tasty menu.  Lots of fresh ingredients and menu items.  Also, an impressive happy hour menu, including lobster tacos. This is the sort of high end, yet accessible restaurant needed in this part of Scottsdale. We will be returning soon. Enjoy!
4	Why does it say this is closed?  I just called the number and they're taking reservations.
3	This place warranted a 2 1/2 but haven't figured out to give that rating on Yelp.This is a place that tries to be trendy but doesn't need to be. Hostess didn't want to be there. "Sit wherever you want", she barked. We sat in the bar area which came with an additional menu of bar food and instructions on how to use it. First off,., can the rules. Serve people what they want where they want it.Service was TOO attentive (30 seconds after dropping off the entrees, the waiter returned to ask "How does everything look?". This is after I told him that I needed a fork. Guess he thought all I could do at that point was "look".)Food was OK. God, how I am beginning to hate putting not a lot of food on an enormous plate...and a trendy square plate to boot. I had the steak au Poivre. It was a decent size and cooked well and the sauce was not overpowering. It came with broccoli and these small potatoes that reminded me of my grandmother's fried potatoes. Really good.Noise level for a weekday evening was good for conversations.
3	Dropping to 3 stars, sadly.   Went with a bunch of senior guys from work, and got the 'waiter from hell' - cocky, talkative, annoying. Even though we were busy talking, he insisted on giving us a long speech about the super quality of everything - something we should determine for ourselves by eating. Blah blah blah fresh blah blah blah farmers market blah blah .... He pushed the halibut very heavily, and at least 4 of our party ordered it - including me.  It was merely OK - definitely fresh, well cooked, but with a distracting coating that I could have done without - I like my fish plain-grilled. He stopped by often, always offering to help.  Severel in our party were freezing cold (typical summer Scottsdale issue, a/c set too low), and I asked him if he could adjust it - 'certainly, sir' ... but no change.  Typical pandering b/s.
5	The best way to summarize my feelings towards Renegade Canteen is to share the following: As I was finishing family dinner here, I commented to them that I think this might be the first time they suggested a place with a spirit of enthusiasm instead of concession since moving to Arizona that I thought was worth it. (In balance, I'm not sure they loved it but at least they would go back.)Excluding portion size, the upscale interpretative Southwestern-bearing Renegade Canteen is large and sprawling like its surrounding strip mall and city. Normally service is an afterthought for me but this also proved to be an exception. Our waiter, who I shall not name because I think I might embarrass him, struck me as a displaced, awkward Southern gentleman from Manhattan who understood all of the trappings of true high-end American service but was insecure and defensive about them enough to explain why he was doing the right things. That said, an encyclopedic knowledge of the menu, a parlor trick memory of not writing down anything, the sense to not interrupt conversation flow and the flash of a personality stable against customer anger/assault contributed to the ultimate disarming beta to the food's alpha. Usually, anything outside of refinement or used car salesman puts off my family but somehow he succeeded in charming them and interesting me. It might have all been an act but an effective act it was.The true star is the food. I'm often skeptical of restaurants whose websites contain a "chef's ego" section and talk about James Beard awards, but in this case it was worth it. Fitting with my general approach to dining, family style is the way to go here:- Shrimp & Halibut Ceviche ($10): Tangy, refreshing, a superlative start.- Tortilla Soup ($9): Strong flavor but a bit too heavy and salty for a starter.- Spinach Salad ($9): The honey bacon, candied pecans and egg combine well.- Green Chile Pork Stew ($14): Basic, savory deliciousness - even a parent pleaser. - Deconstructed Paella ($25): A little bit of everything - lobster, filet, chorizo + clams. - Alaskan Hallbut ($26): Lobster sauce thoroughly trounces club sauce.- Flourless Chocolate Cake ($7.5): More cakes should use flan in lieu of frosting.- Pecan Pie ($7.5): The bourbon ice cream was unfortunately the highlight. Skip. Outside of a special event, I'd come back for the more affordable happy hour if it wasn't a parental-funded excursion, but at least with the options and price range near Scottsdale, Renegade Canteen is a welcome statement against local norms.
4	The short: Clean, comfortable, casual environment; efficient service; and ample servings of really good food! The long: I chose Renegade Canteen for our first Restaurant Week dinner because I'd always wanted to try Robert McGrath's food at Roaring Fork, but never got the chance. I was not disappointed! Located in the Shops at 94 Hundred Shea, on the south side of Shea and just east of the busy shopping center at the very corner, Renegade Canteen is a bit tucked away in the shopping center that looks and feels more like a business park. We showed up 30 minutes early for our 7:30 reservation on Monday, but the restaurant wasn't full, so we were seated right away at a big table with cushy seats. The decor was a little flat, but honestly, I was relieved that it wasn't heavy on the Southwestern decor. I was also grateful for the ample lighting, tall ceilings, and all the natural material within the decor that acted as buffers to suck up the ambient sound of nearby diners' conversations. Everyone around us, from business suits to couples, seemed to linger and just enjoy the ability to talk over and after dinner. I guess that's my way of saying it was nice to be in a place that didn't try to give me a concussion with way-loud music. Our waitress, Helene, was on point all night, keeping our glasses, bread basket (tasty, crisp-crusted jalapeno cheddar bread and brown bread), and butter plate full, and the food rolling at the perfect pace, including asking us if we needed a breather before dessert (we did!). The assisting staff clearing the plates and helping to serve dishes were also quick, efficient, and unobtrusive. The food was all almost perfect. Because it was Restaurant Week, these menu items aren't on the restaurant's permanent menu, but in my opinion, it's a mark of skill to make supplemental menu items so well. The spinach salad with a coddled egg, bacon, pine nuts, and cider vinaigrette was beautiful--a classic combo, perfectly done. Most coddled eggs I've had were overcooked, but this was just right, so beware if runny egg scares you. The mushroom crepe with veal sweetbreads and wood-roasted Portobello, with a buckwheat crepe and some very thinly shaved fennel, was earthy and savory. Maybe a little too earthy, though, as there was a teeny bit of grit in one bite of mushroom. The grilled duck breast, wilted cabbage, and creamed corn was good. I ordered the duck rare, and the ample portion came perfectly cooked and beautifully sliced with a thin drizzle of unidentifiable and what I thought was mostly inconsequential sauce that delivered only a lick of sweetness. Weird. I do wish the dish had come on a bigger plate, since the duck slices weren't bite-sized (unless you're really ambitious), and I had to maneuver some food to make a slicing area. The veggies were all right--I liked the corn slightly punchy, vinegary sauce, which was a nice foil to the duck, but the wilted kale was too much of a bitter finish to every bite. The Dr. Pepper short rib served with succotash with local olives and bok choy was a much better entree thanks to the perfectly cooked short rib--moist and flavorful, I could cut it with a spoon and it melted in my mouth. It was also another good chunk of meat, very thick and on the bone. I could barely taste the Dr. Pepper on the rib itself, though a swipe with a slice of bread through the sauce made it really obvious. The veggies on this plate were better, with brilliant pops provided by the beans although everything tasted like green olives, save for the legumes--not Lima, but they looked like and had the sweet taste of gigantic, in-season peas. Dessert was a beautiful finish. I ordered the chocolate malt, chocolate mousse, and flourless chocolate cake--so much chocolaty goodness on a single plate. The malt came in a tiny tumbler with a straw and demitasse spoon to scoop out the chocolate chunks floating at the top. The warm, white chocolate mousse flowed into the sunken cake when I forked into it. It was just sweet, delicious, and kill-me decadent, and honestly, I'm glad I started with it and only had to eat half before trading with my boyfriend for the lemon ricotta cheesecake with house-made limoncello he'd ordered. This was a great sweet finish to a big meal--light, sweet-tart, and summery. But don't try to eat the "candied" lemon slice--it was still bitter by the time it came to our plate, so while it was pretty, it was a shame that we couldn't eat it. Overall, I'm glad we finally got to check this place out, and during Restaurant Week when prices aren't as brutal. Not everything was a total hit, but there were a lot of great things going on, and there were no total misses. This is on my list for special occasion dining, especially to try one of their $25 daily specials--I have my eye on the weekend paella!
2	On the surface, Renegade is an exorbitant establishment. The decor is excessive, embellished and meticulously planned. Every detail is included, from the wine cellar to the open-air bar, dining room and private banquet rooms...it's very impressive. I'll say the Yelp cliche:  I wanted to love it. I really did. I just wasn't impressed with the quality of the food. The menu is quite limited yet seems excessive...Too much to decipher, yet not enough selection. Don't even try to abide by your diet when eating here. Normal rules of portion control and calorie limitations are thrown out the window.  Even the healthiest dish (a small spinach salad) is topped with a coddled egg--an over-easy egg yolk ready to ooze all over the baby spinach.  The dressing?  A "cider vinegarette" (also called the honey-bacon dressing). Pure oil with bacon on the bottom.  Absolutely zero resemblance to a vinegarette.  The chicken and roasted pepper flatbread was the highlight of the meal. Not too spicy, just the right texture...lavish amounts of cheese.  It was divine. My date had the "award winning" RC Burger. I had a bite and felt greasy all over.  I hate that feeling. Had they seasoned the meat (e.g. salt and pepper), it might've been better. The pretzel bun looked yummy, but it didn't stand up to the 3/4 lb patty and fixings. The best part of the matchstick fries was the ketchup. Good ol' Heinz never let's me down! The waitress was friendly but the service wasn't remarkable. Everyone seemed to have their noses too high to care, including the employees.  It's your typical Scottsdale Restaurant:  exhaustively pretentious with relatively bland offerings.
1	In reading some of the other reviews that are posted, I wonder how it is possible that my experience was so different.   As another reviewer also stated, I really wanted to like it here.  It's about 5 minutes away from where I live and I have been wanting to check it out.  I went during restaurant week.  As soon as we walked in and they led us to the dining area to the right of the bar, I had a bad feeling.  1.  It's an older crowd.  I'm in my 30's so by older I mean I'm surprised no one at the table next to me had a stroke.  2.  The lighting was way too bright, which probably has something to do with the age of the clientele.  Now I realize that the area has something to do with demographic of their customers.  But our tiny table was also up against a very high divider so I also couldn't really people-watch, which depending on who you are at dinner with can be pretty important (as can dimmer lighting!)  I felt claustrophobic. Now onto the food.  I think mediocre is actually giving it too much credit.  The blackened lobster with the corn risotto is equivalent to consuming a salt lick.  Unbelievable how heavy-handed they were with the salt.  The halibut was cooked really well, but lacked flavor....except for salt.  The spinach salad was ok (sans coddled egg).  When the lemon ricotta cheesecake came, I thought I might finally be pleasantly surprised.  Alas, no....just another great big disappointment.  I had one bite.  I've had better cheesecake from Fresh & Easy.I couldn't wait for this meal to be over.  Perhaps it was just an off night, but I'm not willing to pay for the overpriced food and lack of ambiance to find out.
3	R.C. worked well for this small family dinner celebration.  We let them know about the celebration when we made the reservation.  On an early weeknight the place was busy as happy hour was wrapping up and what looked like dozens of business travelers on per diem were migrating to fill the dining area.  It made for a touristy feel that we're all well experienced with here, but I still like to avoid.Even though we came in the back door the greeter quickly came back to take care of us.  A few minutes later we were shown to a table in the too brightly lit dining area, conveniently located right in the middle of all the per diem-ers.  Not wanting to negatively impact Scottsdale tourism with our obnoxious and highly inappropriate at times selves, we asked to be sat at the nearby booth perfectly sized for us and sufficiently sound insulated by said booth.  Greeter had to think about that one for a minute - or two - and we stood at our assigned table for quite a while while he disappeared somewhere to get permission.  Don't know why the purpose of our dinner wasn't reflected at all in our original seating.Our waiter was great, but was handling too many tables of large per diem-er parties.  So after 15 minutes we're all waving our arms wildly to get his attention for that first critical cocktail.  Service continued to be slow the rest of the evening, with our food all showing evidence of heat lamp exposure by the time we got it, but nothing too serious.We started with the duck fajitas - sliced duck, shredded duck, some condiments I don't recall and some bite sized Wonder Bread tortillas.  Perfect, juicy, first bite for an evening.For entrees we tried the pork tenderloin with spaetzle, pork green chile stew and halibut.  The waiter made sure to let us know the pork tenderloin would be cooked medium, which was great.  Except it showed up medium-well, probably from sitting under heat lamp too long.  The pork green chile stew was in dire need of flavor.  Many more green chiles and some seasoning would have helped a lot.  The halibut was amazing - perfectly cooked and seasoned.Can I rant about tortillas, please?  I mean, we are in an area teeming with people who are expert at making good tortillas.  I have done my fair share of eating them too, and know I'm not the only one who appreciates a good tortilla.  Wonder Bread pressed and cut into the shape of a tortilla does not a tortilla make.  Why, oh why, does almost every restaurant around here treat the tortilla as an afterthought?  That pork stew would never have come with a fork in the 85006, only a freshly made tortilla.  Yet even with the bland stew, I could barely taste the tortilla I used to scoop it up.  Local chefs - if you're going to serve southwestern fare, for goodness sake, do the tortilla some justice!....thank you for listeningWe finished off with an amazing pecan pie with bourbon ice cream that was supposed to be mine but somehow was slowly pilfered when I wasn't looking.  Or maybe when I was pilfering the almost equally amazing flourless chocolate cake.To sum it up, the meal was a total success.  R.C. didn't mind our loud, happy selves at all, and our waiter did a great job playing along with us.  As the evening went on, the lights were dimmed to an appropriate level, and we ended up staying way too long enjoying the food and drinks.  R.C. is a good choice in No. Scotts. for a small, casual, fun gathering.
4	Tried them during restaurant week. Loved the atmosphere. Very polished. Food was fine. Server was awesome. I enjoyed the lobster risotto- it was little salty for me. My husband had the short ribs and they were meh. Nothing to write home about but we have had better elsewhere. Glad I tried it but I would probably not go again and pay full prices.
4	Very nice, hidden find. My wife's cheeseburger was a masterpiece, and my Lobster Tacos were delicious. They mix a good drink too!
4	Great food and the drinks were fantastic  service was prompt. And prices were good.  And the other guy. "Bernie " was the best
2	Great ambiance and decor did not trump the mediocre salad I would expect from Domino's pizza, paltry veggies below an average salmon,  and plain, grocery store quality cheesecake.  I was part of a group.meeting. We were served off a fixed menu. I am just dumfounded why they would compromise on their supposed imaginative offerings.
3	One of the positives of being sequestered at the Scottsdale Shea hospital for several days is that it has allowed me the chance to knock off several east Scottsdale restaurants from my Yelp list.  The Canteen was at the top of said list and a few visits gave me a chance to absorb its essence.Most people have commented that the canteen doesn't add much to its predecessor over at the 'Fork'.  I would agree.  The menu quality and ambiance are too similar.  The menu does include several items that I love (chile pork, ceviche, Dr. Pepper BBQ ribs, etc...) but every one of the items that I ordered did nothing to stand it apart from the similar dishes I've ordered elsewhere.Another one of those places that I'd visit if I lived in the neighborhood but not quite worthy of making the cross town drive.
4	Went with my family to Renegade Canteen and everything was really good. For past few months I've been on the Paleo diet avoiding sugars and grains and sometimes going out to a restaurant can be challenging as I don't like to be one of those annoying customers customizing my order. Well it was pretty simple at Renegade Canteen as there were many options to choose from.I ordered the shrimp and scallop ceviche that was so good that I literally used a spoon to eat all the remaining tomato ceviche liquid. For dinner I had the Mahi Mahi that was perfectly cooked with a side of brussel sprouts and bacon. Yes, Brussel sprouts and bacon to me sounded like the oddest combination but it was a great combination. The Brussel sprouts were also perfectly cooked.Asking around the table everyone loved their dinner such as the flat iron steak, huge burger, etc. I tasted the burger and it was very good sans the bun. A little pricey but high quality is worth the cost and can't wait to go back!
3	Underwhelmed.  We came in the back but staff was friendly; we parked in the bar and ate there.  I had the flatbread and my partner the Big A** burger.  Flatbread was not so flat--it was a pizza--the flavors were kinda weird and they were light on the chicken.  Burger was cooked correctly at med rare. Fries were not very warm. Dipping sauce w/burger was good.  Service friendly and efficient.  If we went back it would be for the happy hour prices.  Blue Moon on tap needed help-felt stale/flat.
4	TOTALLY DUG THIS PLACE! We have not had dinner there, as yet. We met some friends at the bar and I ordered drinks and had a Nutmeg Coffe Cake with White Russian Ice Cream on it. Can you say, AWESOME! I then later ordered the green chile. Pretty good! The pork was fabulous, although I would have liked to see more "chili" consistency in the chile. Im not complaining. It was awesome. Friend next to me ordered theLobster tacos and said, "these are the best lobster tacos I have had in my life!" Thats pretty big! I plan to bring my dad and step-mom here when they come out in March for a visit from Chicago. The ambience was great, the people were great, the bar keeps are super cool, the wait staff is very friendly and on par and the food was really really good. Was very surprised the bill wasn't as much as I was expecting. I recommend Renegades! Open late (until 11:00pm on Sats)...
2	I am giving this restaurant 2 stars only because the BUTTERNUT SQUASH SOUP was delicious (although  the it was a very small amount of soup for $9), the Waiter was good and the interior decor is beautiful and comfortable and very clean.  If the rating was based on the food and value for the price I would give it one star.  THE REASON I AM NOT GIVING THIS RESTAURANT MORE THAN TWO STARS IS BECAUSE.....1  .  When we walked in (our first time coming to this restaurant) there were three people standing at the podium.  One of them said hello but then they all just stood there and stared at us.  We expected to be greeted and asked "how many in your party?" or "will you be dining with us tonight?" anything except a cold stare.So my husband said "can we get a table?" to which the response was "do you have a reservation?", my husband responded "no, do we need one?"  No response to his question just the response of  "hmmmm let's see........ah yes we can seat you"  then  the person turned to the person next to him and whispered  said "they got the last one"  just loud enough so we could hear him as we were walking away..  Okay here is the problem I have with this....there were several empty tables and all of them were still empty when we left....so why did they act like they were doing us a favor by seating us in a half empty restaurant when we god forbid, did not have a "reservation"  are they trying to pretend that this is an elite restaurant that is hard to get into?  Oh brother!  Good thing the servers were nice and the service was good.  The front door staff needs to review what their learned about the hospitality business.  They did not make us feel welcomed.  2.  Because the FOOD WAS NOT WORTH THE PRICE we paid.  As another reviewer put it...."there was just something missing".....The PEAR CIDER from the bar was flat....I asked the waiter about it and asked him to check with the bartender to see if it was a fresh draw from the tap or maybe it was a bad bottle or maybe it had been sitting opened and gone flat or???  He came back and said the bartender said that is just the way it tastes.  I have had pear cider at a lot of places and it has never been flat.   This tasted like it had been watered down or something.   Another reviewer mentioned their Blue Moon tasted flat.  I wonder if they have a problem with their taps??  For dinner I had the 1/2 ROASTED CHICKEN (it was a BABY chicken....this was not mentioned on the menu) it looked like the size of a cornish game hen.  It was cooked well..very tender...but the flavor was blah even with all the seasoning on it (which tasted very similar to Lawry's Seasoning Salt), the broccoli was just plain old steamed broccoli and the mashed potatoes were just plain old mashed potatoes with some herbs thrown in.  It was a very small portion and I didn't even finish all of it because I was so bored with it and it was so flavorless.  HOW CAN YOU MESS UP CHICKEN AND MASHED POTATOES??   It was just Blah AND IT COST $17!My husband ordered the DR PEPPER SHORT RIBS with green chili grits and asparagus.  It was good and the different flavors worked well together but it wasn't anything worth the the price they charged.  I think it was $24 and the portion was also very small.  I don't mind paying a lot for "good"  food, but we left RENEGADE CANTEEN feeling like we had been ripped off EVEN THOUGH THE ATMOSPHERE WAS GOOD AND THE SERVICE WAS GOOD, it just didn't make up for the lack of flavor in the food.  The FOOD is the most important thing!  Unless we hear that some changes are made to this restaurant we won't be back in the future.  There are too many other places nearby where we can get a good meal that is worth it's price.
2	I was not a big fan of Renegade Canteen.Bacon wrap shrimp stuffed with cheese and jalapenos over grits was good but that is where the good flavors ended.  The risotto in the short rib over 'creamy' risotto was more like short rib over wet soupy undercooked rice.  The sauce on the flank stake hit only one note and the steak was a bit tough, even for the cut.  Pork osso bucco was very bland.  I grinded some salt from the grinder on the table into the dish and it elevated the dish about 2 starts.  Simple things like seasoning could have gone a long way.  I passed on dessert.
4	I recently started eating pork again so I opted for the pulled pork sandwich (or were they sliders?). That was pretty darn good! My Mom had the club salad and gave me the last couple bites. Good salad. My sister got the big ass burger and shared it. That got rave reviews. Everything was pretty good but what really rocked my world were the desserts. The bread pudding was PHE-NOM-E-NAL. I was fighting everyone for it and trying to distract them from taking another bite. Next time I'll order my own! Still dreaming about that dessert.
4	It was busy when I was here and the service was above average considering that. Our server was prompt with refills and the food arrived quick enough for me. The food was definitly good but I cant say I was like holy crap that was like a angel farted in my mouth. I used to work at Cowboy Ciao as a chef and the style of the dishes reminded me a lot of our menu. Southwest with some unexpected twists. Over all it was a good dinning experience . I would return. Price for 2 with 2 N/A beers, lemonade, a split app, main and both had dessert with coffee was $96 before tip.
4	It's been over a year since i had a chance to write a note even though a few visits in between exposed me to the yummies at Renegade. In a quick meeting with a business associate there last week  I was again inclined to delve into the depths of some green chili pork stew. Since Robert has moved on to new adventures i wanted to see if the integrity of this Roaring Fork staple was in tact - IT WAS. The pork was well cooked and substantial without being mushy or stringy, the subtle heat and spice of the green chilis was just right with a bit of peppery taste and over all.. a great reminder of what i love about this place. And it was a great compliment and opposition to the glass of wine.I would have given this a good five stars for the pork and the memories but the staff seemed a bit less attentive.  Even though i got there early without any crowd, I sat for some time before I was recognized and the wine order was taken. Other than that... it was the same ol Renegade and Robert would have been proud. Can't wait to try his new place in Scottsdale.
4	We went for dinner at Renegade on Friday night & had a great time. The interior is really cool - very open & big bar that also extends outdoor to the patio. It was pretty crowded (I think they reopened last week?) so we sat at the bar for about 20 minutes before a table opened up. I ordered the half chicken with cornbread & Ryan ordered the burger. Both of our meals were excellent - lots of flavor, more than enough food & awesome service. This is the type of restaurant we'll bring out of town guests to - lots of choices & an awesome atmosphere.
5	Renegade always has consistently great food. It's also very nice inside with an open atmosphere and classy decor. I love everything on their menu, and I usually get their salmon. And... best of all.... the BREAD PUDDING. So nom. My parents really like the creme brulee too. Great spot with great food!
3	For the prices, the quality and taste should have been better.  The crab dip was cold in spots and was more like cream cheese with a little crab.  The lobster pasta was swimming in way too much of a greasy sauce which took away the pleasure of eating lobster.  The duck was very average, and honestly the most plain of all duck dishes we had ever tried either in the US or Europe.  Perhaps this is more a beatified bar and burger joint.  The chef either needs to step it up with those dishes, or stick with the simple American favorites.
5	If I lived in Scottsdale this would definitely be a weekly tradition.  I have been there twice now and have decided that it can't get much better.  The restaurant is beautiful inside and out.  I love the decor and tall ceilings, the outside patio with fireplaces is fabulous as well.  The drinks are perfectly poured and the service is friendly and prompt.  I had the green chili pork stew and it was amazing!  I also had the pulled pork sliders, they were great...the coleslaw has jalapeno in it which I think is a fantastic touch.  I have been in on a Friday evening as well as a Saturday afternoon for lunch.  In the evening it was busy but there was no wait to sit at the bar.  On Saturday afternoon it was quiet but very enjoyable.  I spent a few hours there grazing on the food and conversing with the staff.  Renegade is great place for a romantic meal, a group meal or even a meal by yourself.  The staff is attentive and they seem to know exactly what you need to have a great experience while you are there.
3	We go for happy hour though last time arrived too early and had a late lunch. Waiter was nice and very efficient. My loves the burgers. Cobb salad was quite good and reasonably priced. Wine priced a little high. Good enough place to go
3	Renegade has gone under new management since my last review, and the quality of their food is not as good. My family does not go to our local spot any more because of too many mediocre dishes for a steep price.
4	We were at a relative's house and starving, luckily Yelp was there to help us locate this place! We came on a Sunday, which apparently Happy Hour is all day. However, the bar area was packed, so we decided to pass and sat in the dining area - practically all alone! It was nice, since we got to choose where we wanted to sit and our waiter was really friendly and attentive. The husband ordered the short ribs and I ordered the steak sandwich. The short ribs were good, not the best, but the root vegetables with them were delicious. My steak sandwich was really good. It was messy, but all tasty sandwiches are messy! The steak had a strong flavor, some sort of spice or rub. The French fries that came with the meal were superb. They were crunchy and salty - just the way I like them. We took a look at the dessert menu and really wanted to order something, but had to pass. We'll definitely be back to try Happy Hour and the dessert menu!
5	Great dinner last night w friends  at Renegade. The table was full of excellent appetizers and small plates that didn't last long because they tasted so good. I was hungry for a real dinner so I ordered the crispy salmon, skin on, fillet. Amazingly tasty with a couple of glasses of hard cider. Have to go back again w more friends. Great service great food great atmosphere. Hopefully when I go again it won't be 30 degrees and we cab sit by the big comfy outdoor fire.  There is a rear entrance to the place where there's more parking - don't let the full front entrance parking lot stop you from going into Renegade, You'll be happy you did. Just wish I lived closer.
5	I had been to Renegade before but had not eaten anything before the new owner took over and renovated and updated the menu. We decided to come in one night for dinner and give it a try and boy am I glad we did!I asked the waiter on a recommendation on a drink off of their drink menu and I ordered the Moscow Mule. It was delicious. Now onto the menu...we ordered the Lobster Pasta and the Grilled Chicken Sandwich. Ok....I fell in love with the Lobster Pasta. It was so light but so rich in flavor. It is definately my favorite seafood dish in town! The Grilled Chicken Sandwich was cooked perfectly!!! Tender, juicy and packed full of flavor. After dinner we walked around a bit to look at the new decor and it's such a nice change. Very cozy all around!I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and can't wait to go back again soon!  I know what I'll be ordering again! The food was outstanding and the service was top notch!
5	I was here again the other night for dinner and a few glasses of vino.  The food is really amazing!!!  You have to try this place for yourself!  Outdoor space is nice with the fires going, indoor is a perfect cross between casual and upscale.  Bring a date, your rowdy friends, business meet-up...really will work.  Better parking if you drive "around back" there is a main door and access to the patio.  Love the wait staff and bartenders.  Go...go now...
4	Why was this place so empty during prime time for weekday lunch?Do people have a thing against large portions of quality food, nice spacious setting, and amazing service?
4	Colleagues decided to classy-up our ordinary Whole Foods/Chipotle lunch options, and I went along for the ride. Renegade was the best option in the area and we got take-out for basically the whole office.I tried the staple appetizer which everyone raves about, the Green Chili Pork Stew ($10). I found it rather greasy and heavy on the oil. The spices and flavor were definitely there and the pork was cooked really tender. But I chili itself was diced in oil. Wasn't a fan.The pepper jack chicken sandwich ($10) however was on the spot. The brioche bun was soft and buttery and the chicken was char-grilled to perfection. You'll taste the smokiness in every bite as well as the cool flavor of the vegetables and the sauce.-----Distinguishing factor: For the price point, this joint is a solid, and slightly upscale, option for lunch or dinner. Certainly the best in the Shea Blvd shopping center.
2	I come here often as it's close to home and there aren't many good happy hours that go past 6pm. Sadly since the new ownership the food has gone downhill. Green chili pork is nothing like it used to be and flatbread is sadly awful. I will continue to come for hh though and hope the food gets back to the quality it used to be.
3	meh
3	We came here for our friends birthday because we had been to renegade canteen (before the management swap) previously and it was amazing food and service. This time we had a server who seemed to hate us, didn't fill drinks or take food orders. She gave us to another server who was great, he was very attentive and friendly and the manager came and bought us all a round of drinks and got our birthday girl a dessert which was really awesome of him but the first girl just soured a lot of people's experiences who had not been there before. The food was OK, they uses to have a legit menu with interesting things but this was just burger, steak, pasta, fish, typical fare. Nothing special. I had the spinach salad which was just a little bowl of spinach with dressing and a few nuts, really could have gone elsewhere for better while spending less. I guess it was just disappointing because we had such an awesome experience every other time before the new ownership so we had high expectations. We would definitely not drive across town for this average food and hit or miss service again. Sorry :(
1	Don't book group meetings here!!!!! This place is usually good and not badly priced, but tonight was just shameful for our group meeting. I should have sent back my $4 worth of a side salad (bag salad with no toppings except some onion strands, not the dinner entree chopped salad I ordered!!!) and at least got a few ribs and coke slaw (1/2 rack it was not!).  Green chili came in an au jus size bowl! I don't usually complain as I've done more group event planning than most, but this one bites. Try their happy hour and their big burger for $8. At least it USE to be good. I hope someone approaches the restaurant on this one. The club members got taken big time, especially those that didn't prepay $20 and paid $25/person. Dessert at least made my stomach stop growling but it was an ice cream sandwich the size of an Oreo cookie? Pa-lease....
1	It was horrible from the service to the food to the management. You could certainly tell that Robert McGrath was no longer affiliated  with the restaurant.
2	I'm honestly not impressed with this place. The inside is very nice with dark woods everywhere, a glass wine cellar, and huge HDTVs everywhere. There were signed guitars on the wall opposite of me, but I couldn't see by who. A really nice classy atmosphere. Came here tonight expecting happy hour pricing on their burger ($10), but apparently the menu they have on their website is out of date (the "bar menu") so I paid full price $15 for their big burger. Another review said something about $8 burgers during happy hour, but there's nothing that I could see referencing that.I ordered it cooked medium, and it came out to me well done. Now a burger almost an inch thick takes a lot of effort to make it well done. It came out ridiculously fast, so I'm assuming they made it for someone else too early and gave it to me instead. The table next to me was seated and had drinks before I got seated and they received a burger medium/medium rare after I was halfway done with mine so I know the kitchen can do it. Anyways, on to the food. The burger is indeed big. And besides the meat being overdone, full of high quality ingredients. The meat was even quite juicy considering it was well done. I think that I'd rather have 2 smaller patties that the giant thick one they used, but that's personal preference.The fries included with my burger were really good, crisp yet almost fluffy on the inside. I eat really fast, but my server didn't fill up my water until I was almost done with my meal. She must have seen my almost empty glass the few times she passed me by. Had the meat not been overcooked, I might give them an extra star. But with the high price of admission, I think there are plenty of other things I could eat and be happier with instead
1	Met a friend for dinner and drinks. Ambiance is wonderful. Good drinks. Absolutely horrible food that was very expensive, adding insult to injury. I ordered the halibut. The portion was thin, and about the size of the palm of my petite hand and very salty and dry. There was a very small serving of veggies. The cost of the dinner was $28.00.  My friend got the Lobster Pasta. A very small, overcooked serving for $25.00.Terribly disappointing! Would only return for HH.
5	Hamburger Heaven!If you have been searching for the ultimate char-grilled burger, served with hand cut fries and kosher pickles, THIS IS THE PLACE. Not only does this 12 oz. "slice of heaven on a roll" satisfy the most finicky of hamburger aficionados (like my boyfriend and I) they also have the most fabulous dinner menu.The atmosphere is rock solid contemporary comfort with hand signed guitars hanging at each booth. The music AND the food is second to no other...this is NOW our favorite place to "rock out" anytime we are craving a burger fix, which is at least once a week.NOTE: my boyfriend claims that most reviews are not real....so if anyone questions the validity of this review feel free to contact me as I assure you this hamburger is the real deal and I am NOT associated in any way with this restaurant.Did I mention that WE LOVE THIS BURGER?! LOL
4	Ate here w an out of town buddy on a Yelp review spin.He was staying down the street.Menu was solid.Food was good.Wait staff friendly and nice.Super nice place on the inside.Was there late on a Tuesday, and the place was a little calm.Would like to be back on a weekend, and see the dinner/bar crowd.
3	Good solid food, came during spring training, not very crowded, would return
