4	If I were just talking bagels here we'd be at a 5 star. This place has some of the tastiest bagels I've come across here in the valley and they are all made fresh on premises using the old NY boil and bake. The Bagel Man himself seems to be working as a jack of all trades up front serving customer and working the bakery. I was pretty impressed that the selection of bagels included some classics like salt (my favorite) and pumpernickel rye along with some unusual recipes including walnut multi grain (will be trying this) and chocolate chip. My gourmet lunch sandwich ingredients couldn't really improve upon the perfectly cooked salt bagel they were placed upon. The sandwiches are piled with quality deli meats and cheeses and the 'gourmet list' included a choice of macaroni salad, chips or potato salad all for $5.50. I tried the macaroni salad, which was the  and it was very okay, also heavy on the mayo and light on flavor.I am pretty happy to have another friendly option for breakfast around the office and will back for more salt bagels as well as to try the lox soon.
5	No need to bring bagels home from NY! These are chewy goodness. Try the toasted everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. Or the pumpernickel rye with a scallion schmear. Salt bagels sell out early!
5	These bagels and the shop very New York. It's about time...!
5	I wasn't sure what to expect when walking in, I didn't check reviews first because I always give bagel places a chance. I'm from Ohio and miss the great Jewish NY-style deli's I had all around me, because there is a serious lack of them in Arizona. However, Bagel Man has the best bagels in the valley. They have great varieties and are incredibly delicious and last for longer than most you would get at Chompie's or some other fake deli. The owner was awesome, he introduced himself and was doing everything well. They serve Boar's Head meat which is the best if you ask me and they have some variety for being a small place. I recommend this place to all for a nice little lunch or bringing bagels home or to the office.
5	I am from back east, these are HANDS DOWN the best bagels I have tasted in AZ.
5	The Bagel Man has the best everything bagels I have ever eaten.  I go there for lunch a couple times a week.  I enjoy the Boar's Head deli meats as well.  Cal is there every day and always greets me with a smile and knows exactly what I like.  Glad to see that since it has only been open a few months that he always has customers in there.  I love to see the community supporting the small businesses in the area.
5	Bagel Man, you rock! I've visited this place two times now, and I have been very pleased each time. The bagels are super authentic, the real deal. Chewy, flavorful and totally fresh. The Bagel Man himself has been behind the counter on both of my visits, and he's super friendly. He bakes and boils the bagels himself and the quality shows. On my first visit a few months ago, I ordered the Sexy sandwich on a pumpernickel bagel (my favorite!), which if I recall, was a sandwich wiith turkey, havarti and roasted red peppers among other things. I got a combo which included a drink and a side, I chose the plain Wise potato chips. It was all tasty and fresh. On my second visit, I just went with a toasted pumpernickel with cream cheese and an untoasted everything bagel to go. I also noticed the big black and white cookies in the pastry case, so I had to throw one of those in as well. The bagels were top notch as usual, and the black and white cookie was good too. I'd never had one before but immediately thought of Seinfeld when I saw it. These cookies are more akin to half of a whoopie pie (very cake-like) iced in simple vanilla and chocolate frostings. I didn't ask if they were made in-house, but they may be. My one and only gripe about the place is the ambiance. It's in a strip mall so my expectations weren't that high but it would go a long way in increasing the inviting nature of the place if they had some music playing. All in all, if you're looking for authentic, chewy bagels, look no further than the Bagel Man!
5	This place rocks!!  ...especially if you're used to east coast bagels!   Where else can you get 2 bacon egg and cheese breakfast bagel sandwiches plus a large drink big enough for two and all for $9!!  Plus they use Boar's Head bacon there...so it's not that thin nasty bacon you find elsewhere. Their everything bagels are the best in town. I highly recommend this place and it's worth waiting if there's a line. The owner and workers are all friendly, which makes for a good atmosphere.  My only complaint is that they need more tables ...maybe they should buy the sub shop next to them and expand.
4	I guess it is only fitting that I write a review for The Bagel Man as my husband just left to grab our breakfast there.  As others have said, these bagels are superb and the service is stellar.  The prices are very reasonable and the food is fresh.  No fru-fru coffee drinks here (just the basic cup, which is fine with me), the focus is on the bagels, and that is obvious.  Small little place and it can get busy, but it seems to go fast.  Get in line, order your food, maybe grab some coffee while you wait.  Pay when it is ready and either sit at one of the few tables inside or sit outside to enjoy the nice AZ weather.Breakfast sandwiches, fresh made flavored cream cheese (I asked for jalapeno cream cheese and he made some for me on the spot, cream cheese + jalapenos), Boar's Head meat for the lunch sandwiches, and some home baked pastries (from someone else's home).  With all of the good stuff on the menu, my absolute favorite is the lox and cream cheese on an everything bagel with all the fixin's (tomato, onion, capers). YUM!  I could go on, but my breakfast has arrived and it is time to eat!Enjoy!
5	This guy's bagels are the best I've had in the area. This local joint would put any chain and most of their competition to shame. Definitely stop by if you are in Tempe/Ahwatukee area. The bread literally melts in your mouth.
4	great bagelsgood crumb cake, but too much powdered sugar drowning out the crumbsfriendly servicethe owner is from NJBlack and White cookies imported from Brooklyn
4	This place's bagels are just incredible.  They are fresh, chewy, and made on-site.  I had "The Sexy" which was awesome.  The owner rang me up and was incredibly friendly.  If you love authentic, fresh bagels, this is your place.
5	I've never been to this shop, but someone at my work brings these bagels in every Friday.. to Dunlap and Peoria. They are awesome bagels!!!! .. Very fresh, the absolutely best I've ever tasted anywhere.
5	Just stopped in for my first bagel from The Bagel Man...WOW! I'm confident in saying this was the best bagel I've ever had. I had the everything bagel, toasted, with their scallion cream cheese on the side. First of all, they put toppings on both sides of the bagel, which is awesome! No more debating which half of the bagel to eat first (I'm looking at you, Einsteins everything bagel!) Second, the bagel was perfectly baked, slightly crunchy outside, moist and chewy inside. And the scallion cream cheese was the icing in the delicious bagel cake. I also spoke to the extremely friendly owner, and I'm so glad to hear that business is going well for him. The only trouble with this place is it's very close to my office, and I'm afraid of all the money I'm going to be spending here!
5	The bagels are great here. I usually end up getting a toasted wheat or sesame seed bagel with veggie cream cheese. The owner said he visited AZ six years ago and couldn't get a good bagel so he made it his mission to open another bagel shop (his family has one in NJ). I'm glad he did. Good food, good prices, good place.
5	Probably one of the best experiences I have had in recent memory.  Not only were the bagels superb (I got the bacon, egg, & cheese on everything) but the service and friendliness of "Mr. Bagel" were top-notch.  If you like NY-style soft bagels, do yourself a favor and go here.  Wish this was in DC!!  I will DEFINITELY be back!!
5	I've had friends ship bagels to me from New York and they were always better than anything I can get here in Phoenix. The bagels here at Bagel Man are just as good as anything I've had from New York. The service is good and friendly. Prices are great. Sandwiches are awesome. My favorite is the Rich & Famous on a salt bagel. Definitely worth the trip.
5	Love this place. Just found it a couple weeks ago and now I am there a couple times a week for breakfast. The food taste great, it is well priced, and the staff is very friendly.
4	Friendly staff & service (Jersey represent!). I ordered the scrambled egg, smoked salmon, cream cheese, capers, red onions on a whole wheat toast. My fiance ordered the chicken cutlet, mozzarella, roasted red peppers on a bagel. Both were delicious and reasonably priced. Can't wait to come back when I'm back in AZ!
5	Might need a 12 step program for this place!  Came for  lunch yesterday and brought the family back for breakfast,  everything was so good, took a few more and some cream cheese to go! Can't wait to come back for the Rueben! Exit 143B on the Parkway (it's a Jersey thing!)
5	Try "The Boss" it is so nice on a warm summer day. Fresh mozzarella with Roasted red pepper and olive oil. Excellent sandwich! Finally a great family owned bagel shop in the southeast valley!
5	Great Bagels!   Owner is real deal.  13 bagels for $10 great deal.
5	These people are from new jersey, like me, and are the only authentic bagel place in the valley. They never overload their bagels with cream cheese and their price for lox and cream cheese is the lowest in town! Even after being frozen these bagels still maintain a crunchy outside and soft inside. They never taste dense or heavy, these are 1 of a kind.  It's a cozy small family operated place go and will not be disappointed!  Just listen to all the compliments you'll hear during EVERY visit.  YOu'll see why the Bagel Man is the man, OPEN EVERY DAY OF THE YEAR.
5	Good stuff!  Went there for lunch - bagels are chewy and delicious, the turkey sandwich I had was tasty with the herb mayo & roasted red peppers.  The owner was friendly and fun to chat with.  Will definitely go there again.
5	Do you miss NYC and the neighborhood Bagel shop...Well it moved to Phoenix.Bagels are great with a crust/shell and soft insides, not just browned bread.Excellent base for Spreads and SandwichesWant to support a local business, this seems to be a family run business.Sandwiches are great  as are the cream cheese spreads, smooth and tasty.But I think the best part is the owner, welcoming and friendly and he remembers you after you have only been there ONCE.  I think he is from Jersey so it must be Jersey hospitality,,,Great to be welcomed into his business every time you step through the door.No need to tell you so support local business, go get the best NYC bagel in Phoenix.Just  happens to be in Awatukee.
5	I live right down the street and my girls and I often ride our bikes down to the shop on Sunday mornings. The bagels are made fresh everyday, I often would see the windows all fogged with steam as I made my way to work at 5 Am in the winter. The kids love it. I usually get an everything bagel with the veggie cream cheese that they make. I actually have not branched out yet, but I will next time! It is really great when the bagels have just came out hot and you don't even need to toast them.
4	Love the Bagel Man - although some of the kids he has making the sandwiches can be slooooooooooooow, the food is tasty and the bagels are the perfect amount of crusty outside and tender inside that makes me miss NYC some kinda bad.  My husband and the owner chat about New York every time he goes in there, reminding us that there's more to life than grab your food and go - this is a neighborhood joint and repeat visitors are remembered and appreciated.Although we typically go there for bagels and bialys (they run out QUICK!), the sandwiches are killer as well, particularly the Reuben.  The place is pretty small and in a nondescript shopping center on Elliott, so you'll probably want to grab your food and go.  Perfect for mornings when you want breakfast in a hurry and fast food joints aren't on the menu.
5	"The  Bagel Man" opened his shop a little over a year ago and I have always wanted to stop in and see what it is all about.  I do a lot of traveling and I always look forward to enjoying a fresh bagel whenever I get to the east coast.  Authentic New York Bagels are very hard to find on the west coast.  This morning I was out and about and decided to stop in and pick up some bagels to share.The Bagel Man greeted me as soon as I walked in the door and cheerfully asked if I had been in before.  I smiled and said no.  As I was giving him my order.  I asked him if he made the bagels on the premises; he cheerfully said yes and I told him I was excited to give them a try.  He said that I would be back!  He told me how he prepared them and I told him that I realy enjoyed the bagles in New York; he said I would be happy I found the shop!He was right!  The bagels are perfectly crispy on the outside and tender on the inside with wonderful flavor.  When I bite into one I can see the Statue of Liberty through the misty haze......anyway The Bagel Man is highly recommened and you won't be disappionted!
5	Great service, great taste and perfect product...try a Bialy they are the best!
4	This place is yummy! I had the everything bagel with jalepeno  cream cheese. It was delicious and the owner is really cool too. The only reason I gave this place 4 out of 5 stars is because it's my second favorite bagel shop in the valley. Definitely the best on that side of town. My favorite is all the way east kokobelli :)
5	I stopped by the shopping center the other day and I almost didn't go in because the business is somewhat nondescript.  I'm so glad that I did, I couldn't believe what I was eating.  I've just come back from NYC and I thought I wouldn't find that taste again until my next trip back.  I absolutely love his bagels.  Crusty on the outside and so soft and perfect on the inside.  I've been back three times in the last week and I am in love!  Kal is such a friendly guy and he is unguarded and warm, a real pleasure to talk with.  I've just moved to the valley and I am so glad there is an amazing bagel shop here.  Phoenix just got great!
5	Blueberry Bagel is fresh yummy bagel heaven. Thanks Bagel man.
5	So delicious fresh bagels makes food right on the spot
1	This. Place. Was. FILTHY.  Oh my gosh.  It looked like the aftermath of a food fight - bagel chunks and crumbs all over the floor.  I won't get started on the bathroom, it was so disgusting.  The owner, the Bagel Man himself, was too busy chatting with another employee to greet me or wait on me.  A nice lady from the kitchen had to come out and help.  Apparently though, nobody but the owner is allowed to handle the money so he finally broke off his conversation and rang up the sale.  I didn't like the way he treated the nice lady and I was troubled by the way she seemed overly deferential to him and almost frightened.  Bagels are okay but nothing special.Would NOT go back!  If the customer are is that dirty, what can the kitchen be like???
5	This place is great.  I am not sure if this place reads Yelp reviews or what... but anything negative that was said about this place is not the case today.  The place was spotless.  very very clean.  The people behind the counter were incredibly friendly and attentive of the customers that came through the door.  I was immediately greeted upon entering (even when he was helping another customer) and after ordering, my food was promptly made.  The bagels were great.  Nice size.  Crispy on the outside, doughy in the middle.  Significantly larger than other bagel stores.  The lox were fresh.  The cream cheese you can tell is homemade. Overall, this will be the place I get bagels from now on.  This east coast Jew has found a winner.Thank you bagel man.
5	Oh the humanity of it all, that your located in Awatukee. Let me start by saying that this bagel shop is clean; that being said there is no atmosphere but who is expecting atmosphere in a bagel shop. The bagels are some of the best I've had in Phoenix and definitely worth the drive. I found the owner (I'm guessing he was the bagel man) to be polite, client orientated, and knowledgeable. If I didn't know any better I would say that the bagel man is from a small town somewhere, because memories of my childhood in the Midwest were reminiscent as we experienced all that was the bagels from the bagel man.  Mr. Bagel man all you need to do now is deliver bagels to my office in downtown phoenix and the world would be tolerable.
5	The best bagel place I've been to! EVER
5	Have fun selecting your favorite flavors knowing that The Bagel Man makes bagels that are better than you will find elsewhere around town.  This makes all the difference.  I have had more fancy styles on the east coast, but I haven't had better bagels.  Try the olive spread.
5	Great bagels & bialys! Stop by for a cup of perfect coffee, you won't be disappointed!
5	LOVE the "Sexy" sandwich. Always nice people! REally good bialy!
5	Unbelievable!!! Cal (owner) is an amazingly gracious and friendly guy!! He will know and remember you after your first visit. These are far and away the BEST bagels I've ever eaten, ever! Made completely from scratch ON SITE!!  You can see them being mixed, proofed, boiled and baked!!  Taste them fresh and hot straight from the kitchen!! This place, the staff, the food feel like home!! THE BEST!!!!
5	Seriously, if you're into bagels you MUST come here! Consider it a sacred pilgrimage for all bagel lovers.  The actual "Bagel Man" is always available to greet and assist his loyal flock. He makes bagels once each morning and when they are gone the shop closes, so get here early!  Just thinking about this place makes me want to camp outside until he opens again in the morning. The bagels have a wonderful crisp outside with a sensual chewy inside. I won't even compare them to other "wanna-be" bagel joints in the area because that would be downright disrespectful. He makes a mean bagel sandwich and potato salad too! I almost forgot to mention he makes his own cream cheese spreads too. The store itself isn't full of frills, nor will you find a fancy lounge area because it's not about the shop, it's about the BAGELS! Get them to-go!
5	The Bagel Man deserves all the rave reviews!  I was up early this morning wondering who was open at 5:30 a.m., and was also looking for a place I've never been and this joint fit the bill.  I had a honey wheat bagel toasted with the honey almond spread and it was delicious!  Warm and chewy and just what my belly needed that early in the morning.  The employees were fast and friendly too.  I've attached photos of their menu as of today.  This would be a perfect stop before a hike or bike ride on South Mountain.  And a great stop for lunch when you're done.  I can't wait to grab the unsuspecting Mr. M and go back.  The only reason I would ever go back to Einstein Bros. was if I was craving a cinn/sugar bagel.
1	Bagel Man's rudeness exceeds his lack of business sense.   When trying to buy 6 pumpernickel, 6 whole wheat, and some egg bagels, Bagel Man snapped "My bagels are expensive and you will be taking them away from my other customers."  What's that all about?   Isn't Bagel Man in the business to make and sell bagels?  When presenting a coupon to buy a dozen and get 3 free (which we've used many times) we were told that the coupon was counterfeit and he did not want to honor it, but did so with a growl of anger.Another problem is the inconsistency of the bagels.  Sometimes they are dry and when cut, have air holes.   Sometimes they are uneven with rather large holes and misshapen.  Sometimes they have a crusty outside like they have been egg washed.  I've actually cut one and the whole outside crust fell off, leaving very little bagel left. The place is dirty and tables and floor are speckled with crumbs.   Bagel Man should be baking enough bagels to satisfy all his customers, not scold them for ordering them.  We have given up on Bagel Man.
5	Really good and fresh bagels.  Nice people too.  Plan to sit outside- the inside is tight and functional only.  You will appreciate the good food, not the atmosphere.
1	Bagel Man's rudeness exceeds his lack of business sense.   When trying to buy 6 pumpernickel, 6 whole wheat, and some egg bagels, Bagel Man snapped "My bagels are expensive and you will be taking them away from my other customers."  What's that all about?   Isn't Bagel Man in the business to make and sell bagels?  When presenting a coupon to buy a dozen and get 3 free (which we've used many times) we were told that the coupon was counterfeit and he did not want to honor it, but did so with a growl of anger.Another problem is the inconsistency of the bagels.  Sometimes they are dry and when cut, have air holes.   Sometimes they are uneven with rather large holes and misshapen.  Sometimes they have a crusty outside like they have been egg washed.  I've actually cut one and the whole outside crust fell off, leaving very little bagel left. The place is dirty and tables and floor are speckled with crumbs.  Bagel Man should be baking enough bagels to satisfy all his customers, not scold them for ordering them.  We have given up on Bagel Man.
5	"Best bagel place in Arizona! The owner is very nice and is always greeting his customers with a smile when they walk in. If u want a full selection... Get there early! People in Ahwatukee know this is the best place around and his fresh baked bagels go quick.
5	I don't normally try little places like this, but I'm so glad I did (thanks to the other reviews on here)! It was a small little shop in a shopping plaza, with several two-person tables. As I was waiting, several other obviously regular customers came in, and the owner automatically knew what each of them wanted. Very friendly. I got a bacon, egg, and cheese everything bagel, and my two small kids shared a blueberry bagel with cream cheese. I tried a bite of theirs, and it was really good...the cream cheese was clearly handmade and delicious. My bagel was also absolutely amazing. They put plenty of each food on it, and good quality ingredients. The bagel itself was delicious and a perfect texture. Around $6 for the two bagels. Any time we are in Phoenix again, we will definitely be going here.
5	I am from New York. I was born in Brooklyn. My first word was Bagel. This place is fantastic. The staff is super kind and attentive. It would stack up against several places I love back home. If you are on a road trip and need breakfast, stop here.
5	Best bagels outside new York or jersey. Great job bagel man!!!
5	Best  bagels I've found in Arizona. I'm from the east coast and these are as good as bagels back there
4	One of the best bagels and spread I've ever had. The salmon spread had chunks of salmon in it and was delicious. Coffee cake is excellent as well. Coffee was ok, but the bagel made up for it. I'll be back when I'm in Phoenix.
5	Best bagel I have had.  it was truly amazing.  If you are a bialy snob, try this place!!!  This is my favorite bagel place.  Amazing!
5	This place gets you in and out quick.  The bagels are very soft and they had many choices to choose from. The prices were pretty good for what you get.  They wrap it in tin foil which is nice when getting to-go. I ate my bagel sandwich 30 minutes later and it was still hot.  The Bagel Man is friendly. I don't understand why are there so many haters. Maybe people need to be more friendly and he will reciprocate.  The cook was very nice and accommodating. I have to give this place a 5 star review based on my experience which was perfect.  I suggest giving it a try once at least. Hopefully you catch the Bagel Man on a good day like I did apparently.
5	What an amazing bagel! I had a ham, egg and cheese sandwich on a plain bagel and made "nom nom nom" sounds during every bite. I will be coming here every time I am in the neighborhood.
5	Real bagels. Not rolls shaped like bagels you usually get in Arizona. I grew up in Detroit. I missed bagels from back East . . . Until the arrival of The Bagel Man. The owner has an original shop back in Jersey. That should say it all about authenticity. If you want a real bagel, check this place out. Never understood why people from the East love bagels?  One visit here will explain it.
2	food was ok
5	Best bagel I have ever had! Highly recommended!
5	It's true. These are the best bagels I've come across in Arizona. The bagels had a delicate and flaky exterior with a soft interior. I came across this gem when my friend, originally from Brooklyn, was adamantly searching for a bagel reminiscent of the ones he found in his hometown.  Cal, the owner, was genuine and remembered my friend and me just after one stop to his shop. If looking for a place to buy quality bagels, there will not be many other stores rivaling The Bagel Man.
5	Quaint. Clean. And straight to the point. The staff, including owner are very friendly. Food, while limited in options, is perfect. Will return soon! I had the egg salad on the everything bagel, toasted. It was an amazing experience.
4	best bagels in the valley, best in phoenix, best in AZ, best in the west, best outside NY and NJ! in other words, i loved it! came in yesterday just passing by (i was the brunette east coast girl). loved the doughy-ness, nice plump bagels. there seem to be a few different kinds of "real" NY bagels and these are one of them.  if you don't see me in here every day, it's only because i will get ADDICTED! coffee was not perfect. maybe i didn't get a fresh batch.
5	Most scrumptious bagel I've ever had. I got a rich and famous sandwich on a salt bagel and it was excellent. The "bagel man" is so nice and welcoming. Macaroni salad is excellent. All around great experience getting lunch here.
5	Best Bagels in the Valley!!!  Very authentic and delicious.  The owner, Cal, is so very kind, friendly and always happy.
4	I sent my son there to get me a cream cheese everything bagel and a plain blueberry bagel. both were very yummy. love bagels. so many are not authentic. this place is...
4	Just like Jersey bagels!Love that I can get my old favorite, Salt Bagel with Veggie Cream cheese.I took a star off for not having Light CC and the drink selections are pretty lame.
5	Sweet sassy molassey! These are some gooooood bagels. In fact, I think these are the best bagels I've ever had. You have to try some. They will change the way you look at breakfast breads forever!
5	Stopped by here on a whim. Bagels and cream cheese are fantastic, staff are pleasant, will be coming here again.
4	Great bagels! So fresh and chewy.... mmmm.....
4	Had to check out the place because of the reviews! It didn't WOW me like I was expecting, but they did gain a customer for sure!! The bagels were fresh and you had a multitude of choices.  A must try! Will be going back to try their lunch options! Side note... The Owner and Staff were very nice and attentive!
5	He makes the bagles fresh daily in the true New York style. I never thought I would find this when I returned to Phx from NYC. The owner was friendly and committed to the quality of his product. I shall return, again and again...
5	The ONLY bagels I have found that are like those back East in NYC... And I've lived all over the country. Baked fresh daily and delicious.  PLUS... He has salt bagels!  If you love bagels and you're in the Ahwatukee/Chandler area. Then THIS is the place.
5	Super fluffy bagel with house-made scallion cream cheese,, lox, tomato, onion, and capers! Yum!
5	I was born and raised in New York. These are the best bagels I have ever had. It feels like New York inside The Bagel Man. I love it.
5	Delicious bagels!!! This is an excellent stop right off the interstate! Friendly and inviting staff! Highly recommend!
5	I've had bagels around Az for the past 10 years. This place is definitely the best, the owner has another location in New Jersey. Great service and food! Highly recommended.
4	Gonna make this one short and sweet. . Really like this place . The bagels are awesome and always fresh .cant go wrong going to this place. The owner is really cool and always greet me respectfully .
5	We've been here a handful of times now, and continue to fall in love every time.The bagels are the best we've ever had, and are paired with amazing meats and cheeses.I've never had a bagel in New York, but I'm hopeful that this is what everybody is talking about. It's certainly what we're talking about!
5	worth a visit for housemade cream cheese alone. best and cheapest lox n bagel sandwich I've had.
5	Delicious bagels, I got two of the sliced lox ones and I was talking to the owner. He said I will love it and that I will come back again, he's right I will 100% be back . It's hard to find bagel places that have lox in Arizona and I'm glad I found this place
2	How on earth are folks so excited about these bagels? It's nice that they use Boar's Head meats, but the bagels are completely lacking in texture. My bagel flattened out like it was made of air. Where's the chew? No thanks.I really wish this were just some accident and that I had a bad batch, but I doubt it. I'm baffled by the folks who compare these bagels to ones in the Northeast.
5	This place is spectacular. I had an everything bagel with egg, bacon and American cheese. Not too filling, reasonably priced. I'll definitely be back here soon.
5	Love this place! My husband and I came here for the first time this morning. It was soooo good! The bagels were fresh and the cream cheese was very tasty! I got the sausage, egg, and cheese (with a side of jalapeno cream cheese) it was very good. I just wished they had a complete list of all the types of cream cheese they have, maybe they do and I missed it. The place is very small. We were going to eat there but there was no place to sit and it was very hot in there. But, I am not complaining. I am just saying it was a small place. They people there are very nice and friendly. We will be going back for sure...soon. :)
5	The food here is amazing! Love how they use good ingredients and make their bread the old traditional way. Plus it's a private small business who I much rather support than some big corp.
5	I come here every weekend and it never disappoints. The staff is so friendly and the food is great. I'm from the east coast and I've spent the last three years looking for a place with authentic bagels. I can never go back to Einsteins after eating here.
5	Great bagels, great prices and great service... that's all that needs to be said... and I'm from NY.
2	Not impressed. This was my first and last visit here. From the moment I walked in was not good. Two separate entrance people unsure of where to form the lines or where to order. Ordered a lightly toasted chicken salad sandwich and got it home and found it burned (so much I couldn't eat it) with barely a bite of chicken in it.  Paid way to much.
5	This place is not like any other shop. Hands down no comparison. Everything here is made fresh. Their bagels are big and doughy (kinda chewy how I like it). Eggs are real! (Not out of a carton or premade) Bacon made to order. I usually get the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich. Made perfect every time. Plus it has a family feel to it. Not a chain store, but a mom and pop shop.
5	I swoon for bagels, I adore them. When the sweet scent of an everything bagel is in the air, my knees buckle. I came to The Bagel Man for the first time I could barely hold my excitement as soon as I saw that rack of bagels. I had to order an everything bagel with lox and cream cheese. I knew I had to, like it was predestined. The rest of that experience was like some sort of heroine high daze that left me craving more. A life long addiction that I'm sure I'll never shake.
5	I stopped here bc of the pretty good yelp ratting. Yelp reviews can be brutal. Brought these to the office everyone loved them one said the best she ever had. People that are complaining about the softness are correct. They have a crisp outside and very soft inside. I thought they were outstanding by far the best I had in the US for bagel or bread. I moved here from Europe and I have had a hard time finding great bread this is really good. Definitely worth giving a try.
5	Hands down the best bagel I have ever had! The owner is enthusiastic and energetic!   I highly recommend it.
5	I love small little local shops like this one!! All the staff was very friendly and asked us a couple times how everything was. They had great variety and the bagels were being baked fresh as we waiting for our food. I had the bagel with lox and cream cheese and it was amazing!
4	I had a breakfast sandwich with bagel and egg.  Wife had breakfast sandwich with bagel, egg and cheese.  Hers was much better.  Mine was okay, but the melted cheese really made the sandwich.  We also ordered a bagel to go.  Bagels were very tasty...  crispy on the outside and a little chewy on the inside.  Everything just tasted very fresh.  Would definitely eat here again, even though we live in Tucson.
5	This is my morning stop every weekday. Best bagels in town, staff is incredibly friendly and the owner loves his business. I am a regular and I can't imagine changing that habit anytime soon. My personal favorite is the salted bagel preferably right out of their ovens.
4	I stumbled upon this lil gem this morning via my homey Yelp, and once again it steered me right!  These bagels are delicious!  The perfect consistency, density, chewiness, and they boil em!  The way they are supposed to be made... Unlike that chain place out here in the desert :) it's a tiny lil shop in a strip mall and kind of hidden but seek it out and stop in!  Great prices and quality food.  Breakfast and lunch sandwiches as well as some pastries and fresh made cream cheese in house!  Only downfalls would be the size of the place and it was really hot in there.  Just get your food to go and the problem is solved :)
5	Great little place to get a coffee and bagel in the morning. Owner is super friendly and has great customer service. Will drive across town anytime to get one of his amazing bagels. Love love love this place!
5	Now this is a real Bagel!  I love this spot...home grown NYC style, fresh, lots of cream cheese, no skimping here.   Owner is a cool guy and remembers you everytime.  Stop going to the chains and support the local man.  Regardless it's better then any other corporate joint...Trust me!
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome! Great bagels and really awesome customer service. Super friendly staff. The one complaint I have is that the place is an oven. Good god, I am surprised they haven't gotten heat stroke! Thankfully I get my order to go, mostly! Otherwise, you can't beat this place!
5	Awesome people, great variety will definitely return and recommend. We walked in were greeted by the owner very nice man.
2	Frankly I thought they were awful, and I'm a bread eater. I could barely eat half. Now, I haven't completely given it the thumbs down because I only tried the bagel and the other stuff on the menu looks kind of good. I will update if and IF I ever come back. Now, as for the numerous people mentioning New Jersey. These are supposed to be NY bagels. Why is anyone mentioning Jersey. Once and for all! Jersey is not and never will be NYC. And I don't know where the rest of you are from in NY. Long Island perhaps? Buffalo maybe? Those are NOT NY bagels. Again, as in the pizza. Maybe its the water.
4	Very, very good. This place could be a selling point when convincing New Yorkers to move to the Phoenix area. This makes my top two bagel places, the other one being an older bagel shop in NYC. I got a [fresh] everything bagel with lox spread, and it was a highlight of my day. The staff were very courteous and attentive, and provided excellent service.In sum, you can keep reading Yelp reviews, or you can go and experience it for yourself. I suggest the latter.
4	Large selection of bagels early in the am.  We went here on a Saturday am because it is the earliest opening bagel shop in the Tuke.  Friendly customer service too along with prices that are a good value.  If you are an early riser, this is the place to go.
4	Water boiled bagels are the only way to go and these bagels hit the mark. I would definitely go more often if there was more of a selection at a bit more competitive price. We're from Santa Cruz and Scott actually used to be the baker at the Bagelry so I've had some pretty epic bagels.  In addition at the Begalry they had so many different kinds of schmeers, my favorites being hummus and egg salad on garlic.  It would also be cool if there was a nice rich sun-dried tomato schmeer.
5	Easily the best bagels in Phoenix.  Lofty statement I know, but try for yourself and you'll say the same thing.  Well done Bagel Man
5	Absolutely perfect! Bagels are fluffy and delicious and right on target.  And the kicker... They have pork roll!  They make the best breakfast sandwiches and the prices will not drain your bank account.
5	Bagel with Lox I had here was the BIGGEST one I have ever had in my life in Midwest life, East Coast life, and West Coast life all combined. It was HUGE with the most generous amount of lox and other stuff in it - like a lox explosion! I couldn't believe it.And it was tasty.
4	Another Yelp breakfast search success! Bagel Man whips up one delicious breakfast sandwich that hollers New York authenticity. The eggs, meat, and cheese bust out from the fresh and spongy bagels. There's a reason they're called Bagel Man and not Bagel Boy - this is a grown up establishment.I came through on a Saturday morning. Craving eggs and coffee, I had searched Yelp while driving through the area. The outstanding reviews convinced me so I pulled on over. The restaurant can be a little cramped with the counter taking up most of the space. My eyes darted around the large menu behind it, covered in tasty bagel options. They've got quite the spread, and I don't mean what goes on your bagel! The smear options go for days. I ordered the scrambled eggs with sausage and cheese on a wheat bagel. It came out wrapped up in foil to go. The bagels are soo good. They consistency isn't bready, it's more pliable and buttery. The trick is in the boiling and baking. Very scientific. The store is a little warm, but the real heat is coming from their kitchen. Check out this gem of a bagel shop off the I-10/Elliot.
5	The best in town! Nice big serving of tasty lox, capers, tomato, cream cheese.....wonderful! The only place I will go for my bagels. Super friendly people w great food and great service!
5	Best bagel I've had in AZ! With fresh, yummy jalepeno cream cheese. Just what I was looking for!
5	Visiting out here in Phoenix and came to Bagel Man two days in a row. Had the sausage, egg, and cheese on plain bagel while hubby had lox over onion bagel. Super delish. Now that I'm back in Cali, my mouth is watering just thinking about this place. Good deal on bagels alone too!
5	The best bagels in phoenix area... Been here couple of times never disappointed. Friendly staff great service .
5	This is the best place in AZ to get an authentic NYC bagel!  If you're looking for the bagel lox they know how to do it right.  Just like in NYC where they smother it in cream cheese and don't skimp on the lox.  You'll enjoy every bite.  They run out quickly so you have to show up early to get the bagel you want.  No other bagel shop I've been to compares to the size and taste of these amazing bagels from The Bagel Man.  The staff is always friendly and more than willing to help you decide on what to order.
4	I've been here multiple times and I have to admit a boiled bagel is so much better than a baked bagel. The owner convinced me to skip toasting the bagel. I was surprised at the outer crunch and inner chewiness. Delicious! My only complaint is sometimes they skimp on the cream cheese, which made me disappointed, because it is so amazing. Hands down, best bagel I've ever had! I'm so glad this little gem is close to my home!
4	A little light on bagels at noon.  Stopped in randomly without looking at yelp so based on the mom and pop shop appearance I didn't know what I was going to get.  Mom and pop shops are either mediocre or awesome.  I'm happy to say bagel man is AWESOME!  I took my first bite and immediately picked up my phone to write a review.  Then I found out yelp loves this place too.  Damn I was late to the party!  :)Unfortunately I felt the need to dock a star as they only had 3 bagel choices at lunch time.  Maybe someone cleared them out.  I'll try again soon :)
5	The only bagels in Arizona that meet my high Brooklyn standards. These bagels are flaky, crusty, everything that a real bagel, not a round piece of bread with a hole inside, should be. He's even stuck to real bagel types, as you won't find any prissy blueberry or cinnamon sugar bagels like you'd find at Einstein Bros. The owner, Kal, is a Jersey native, so he's as qualified as they come for bagel making. He cares a lot about his product and his customers, and knows almost everyone who walks in the door by name. Every time I visit, he remembers that I drive from Phoenix, want a baker's dozen, and need extra freezer bags. Also he has egg bagels. Yay egg bagels!Last time I went, he even agreed to start making egg everything bagels for me (egg bagels with the everything bagel's topping set). So stop on in and get one!
5	Outstanding true NY style bagels and friendly staff. Found this place on Yelp and read nothing but great reviews and took entire family here for breakfast while on vacation. The bagels are so soft yet have a perfect little crisp/crunch to them. I got a bacon, egg, cheese bagel and it was to die for. Give The Bagel Man a try....you won't be disappointed.
5	The owner is very passionate about his bagel's-- and cou van taste the difference.  My husband and I love getting everything bagels with bacon, egg, and cheese.  The restaurant is small and not very atmospheric, but the breakfast food is great & served quickly.
5	Tried it for the first time today.  Yelp has never failed me and this was no different. The owner was super friendly and welcoming. The everything bagel with cream cheese and sliced lox was awesome.  Will definitely be back.
4	Love this place! Great east coast style bagels and I love their lox. I would give Bagel Man 5 stars but the guy at the cashier always has a bad attitude. He tends to sigh loudly, roll his eyes and corrects me when ordering. The whole ordering experience is terrible because of him, I feel as though I am a burden to him especially when I have multiple orders for my coworkers and I but at least the owner, the cooks, and the food are always fantastic!
5	Just stopped in for the first time. Got a simple bacon, egg and cheese on an everything bagel. Fantastic. I don't know how they make something so simple taste so good. Don't be thrown off by the small, slightly dated interior, this place is amazing!
5	These bagels are great! Its been awhile since some thing tasted like NY,but this guy has got it going on.Breakfast sammie's are fantastic.Well worth the drive.
5	We love this place!  The bagels are so soft, even after they are toasted.  We usually get the egg, bacon and cheese on onion or jalapeno and they are delicious.  The service is always prompt and the guy that is always at the counter (I'm assuming he is the owner) knows tons of people that come in by name and he is always friendly.  I've been to other bagel places at 10am on a Saturday, and they are all out of the good bagels for the day.  That never happens at The Bagel Man.  They have a good selection throughout the day and replace flavors as they run out.
4	Excellent bagels that tasted very much like the NY bagels we enjoy back home !The owner is very friendly and the service is efficient .I would definitely recommend this place :)
4	Solid bagel spot. The bagels are really yummy and fresh. I got the sausage, egg, and cheese bagel sandwich. It was really good and super cheesy! The guy recommended not to toast the bagel since they were already freshly made and hot out of the oven! Really glad he did because it made the sandwich that much better. I didn't give the place five stars because it was so small and got really busy. There isn't really any place to wait for your to go order. It took awhile for my sandwiches and then when I said the order was mine the guys tried giving it to someone else. Maybe they can take down names when calling out the orders instead or give out numbers.
5	Driving from UofA in Tucson to California at 7am. So glad we yelped bagel places and found this place! Friendly staff, delicious bagels and a perfect amount of cream cheese. Yum! Thanks Bagel Man!
4	Nothing, I mean nothing, will ever beat an H & H bagel if you are from the NYC area.But I have to say I was pleasantly surprised while in Phoenix last week to have a delish NY style bagel shop across the street from my hotel.  The Bagel Man makes a good bagel. And even better tuna salad and I am a tuna lover.  Better than my Jewish mom's tuna salad!  It even came with a pickle and some pretty decent potato salad.They even have some deli sandwiches. All at reasonable prices.How good is this place?  They close at 2pm and by 1:30 when we got there they only had 3 bagels left. Not 3 flavors, 3 bagels.  Got my pumpernickel, hubby got the last poppy. Now I have to fly back to Phoenix for the tuna on an everything bagel and get there before closing.
5	I do love coming here. It has a city feel right here in my suburb. I like that it is a small owner run Business. The service is always very friendly. Delicious food. The lox breakfast sandwich is one that I often crave.
3	Just off the boat from NYC looking for a good bagel saw reviews thought I would give it a try they are ok nothing special about it maybe its the best in the area like I said just off the boat but not worth my 40 min round trip drive will keep looking
5	I love the bagel man and the staff. Food is great I always get breakfast here when I'm on this side of town sometimes I even drive when I'm not just because I know the quality and service is excellent. I am an everything bagel type of girl with bacon egg and cheese.
5	Excellent fresh bagels!!  These bagels are just as good as bagels from NYC!  Great service too.  Whenever I am in the area, I will stop by for breakfast.  Loved the bacon, egg and cheese.
5	The best bagels in AZ. My favorite is the Loks bagel minus the onions on a toasted everything bagel. Cal and his cree have this down perfectly.
5	Amazing service. Never disappoints! The bagel man is the best bagel in town! No doubt would bring any bagel lover to this shop! #delicious
5	I rarely give eateries 5 stars.  Many 4 stars (as I choose them diligently using Yelper's recommendations of course), but 5 stars is a rarity.I gave The Bagel Man 5 stars for a couple fundamental reasons. 1) The food was delicious at a very reasonable price. 2) They were extremely friendly. Especially the person who I assumed was "the bagel man" himself.  That's it folks.  That's all it takes to earn a 5 star from this guy..... But it's a wonder I can't give out more of them....I ate the Scrambled egg and lox on an everything bagel. Perfect!  My daughter had the scrambled egg and bacon on a plain bagel.  She said her's was very good also, but I'd have to say I won with my choice. We will visit them again tomorrow before heading further north, and I plan on winning again!Do yourself a flavor and check them out if you're in this hood.
5	Easy 5 stars! We showed up for a couple bagels to find out that they were sold out but had a fresh batch baking that would be done in 15 minutes. We ran to the store and returned to fresh baked bagels unlike any other bagel we've ever had..literally melt in your mouth. I will never be able to have a store bought bagel again thanks to the bagel man. On another note the fresh made cream cheese is the perfect accompaniment. Do yourself a favor and get the everything bagel with scallion cream cheese, you're welcome. Owner (I think) helped us and was great. Already thinking about my next bagel experience at the bagel man.
