5	Boy, this place really knows how to do things right.  Univision on the TV, hot crusty bread for free when you sit down, and some really nice "vegan" options like avocado salad ($3, a whole avocado sliced up with oil and sliced onions) moros y cristianos ($3, rice and beans, watch out for chicken pieces) and some platanos ($2.75, delicious).   They have hot sauce on the tables and a really nice lady is always apologizing and asking after you.  This is a nice place to go eat some DINNER!!!!  VIVA LAS VEGAS!!
4	Set along the decaying ruins of Las Vegas Boulevard South, Rincon Criollo is a true departure from the glitter and gulch of Vegas. There seems to be something of theme developed along LVBS, with a Salvadorian and another Cuban restaurant in proximity to each other. This one is set in a bland storefront, but once inside the atmosphere feels more Havanian than anything else. The food is simple and spicy and delectable: hot crusty bread and butter, as mentioned in another review, spicy chorizo, steaming rice and beans, chicken that cleaves to the bone, yuca and plantains and pressed cuban sandwiches. The staff seems to be all Cuban, and prepare everything in big pots in the back kitchen. They treat you with genuine hospitality, and aren't particularly concerned with turning the table and running up the tab. Sit there as long as you like and peer through the dusty storefront windows at the sunburnt downtown avenues. It is probably impossible to stay or visit downtown, see the humble immigrant businesses and the few tawdry titty bars set along a background of near shantytowns, and not question how so much glamour and wealth could neighbor such impoverishment. In any case, turning back to the Rincon interior you'll find one whole wall engulfed by an aging aerial photo of Havana. The picture displays the Malecon sea wall as it weaves along the waterfront. The water is that tepid blue that suggests a photograph from the sixties or seventies. We ate under its shadow and thoroughly enjoyed what might be characterized as a repast, under the watchful eye of our waitress, who bore a helpful smile our entire meal. After we'd finished, we walked back out into the hot Vegas sun and stood along the unforgiving pavement for a few minutes, soaking in the strangely charmless vista of Old Vegas. Strange place for a Cuban restaurant, but in its oddly dislocated way it seemed to fit right in.
4	Rincon Criollo is a gem of a Cuban Restaurant in the downtown area, located next to a tattoo parlor on Las Vegas Blvd.  It's a small family place with excellent food and fast, friendly service.  I've eaten there several times and had several different dishes and I have enjoyed every one.  The Plantains are a must have starter and my friends and I are working our way through the entrees.
5	From the bright lights of the strip and fancy schmanzy restaurants and bar, this place is the complete opposite!!   I first encountered this place in 2002 with by boyfriend.  Always in search of the most authentic cuban food we can find, we found this gem while searching for the Floridita restaurant (which by the way...so boring for your fabulous tastebuds).   From the moment you walk in to this not so luxurious storefront, the aroma of black beans and other fantastic  foods hits you like a brick wall and you think - can this place really smell this good? I hope the food tastes as good as it smells.  AND IT DOES.  I have been  loyal fan to this restaurant for  years and everytime I am in Vegas (3-4 times a year) I have lunch or dinner with Mama.  That is the lady always watching futbol on the tv or watching the novelas.  When she is cookiing your food, you know that it is good. The prices are beyond reasonable and the service is great.  They are always ready to please and soooo nice.  I have yet to find a cuban restaurant in L.A. that lives up to the standard of Rincon Criollo.  Try their puerco frito and just bask in the flavor.  It is not overcooked and it is seasoned to perfection.  So, if you re in vegas and want to try some authentic cuban food, don't be afraid to walk in to this place and enjoy a truly delicious cuban cuisine without the fanfare.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  For us this is a must everytime we are in Vegas (last trip we made two stops!)  Its at the very beginning of the strip even past Stratosphere, so I would suggest you drive there.  You don't get a lot of tourists in here, mostly just locals looking for authentic Cuban food - which is another reason why we love this place.  The quintessential hole in the wall with really good food!  The Cuban Steak is very tasty.  You can't go wrong with the Lechon.  And the Black Beans and Rice are the perfect match for a full and hearty meal.  Check out the daily lunch specials as well.
4	This is one of my fav places in Vegas.  Things I love about it include:1) The food - especially the breaded Cuban steak2) It's between a tattoo parlor, a tailor and an adult bookstore.  Talk about one-stop shopping!!!3) The service is friendly and helpful4) It's cheap!!!5) The food - love the avocado salad and the bread!6) There's some sort of old run-down strip club down the street.7) Did I mention the food?  Love all the daily specials.8) Plentiful parking9) Best Cuban food I've had north of Miami - definitely better than any of the 8 or 9 Cuban spots I've been to in New York
4	Have been back a couple times since last review.  I am tempted to up my rating to 5 stars.  Food is that good.  Maybe I'm going crazy but it seems like they might have raised their prices a little bit.  I feel like everything used to be $6 or $7 and now it's $8 or $9.Whatever, it's still totally worth it.  Same awesome waitress with awesome grill.  Prices may have gone up but food hasn't changed at all.4.5 stars
5	This is a perfect mom & pop style Cuban restaurant. I'm from Miami and married an Cuban so I know my Cuban food. Their food is just as good if not better than what I am used to in Miami.
4	I definitely would say try this place, but as for 5 stars, guess I'm a bit of a conservative Cubana. I am Cuban, and learned how to cook at the ripe age of 9, I will be 44 this July and it still is a passion. The passion of Cuban cooking comes from so many different aspects, first, the culture, the value of family, tradition, smells, flavors, colors, presentation and appreciation. One thing I have learned from cooking is if your heart is not in it, the flavor and the love in your food will be nonexistent! So....when I try Cuban food that is not mine or my families, I am a bit of a snob. But, this charming little hole in the wall, I felt the passion upon entering the place. The lady "Tati" who answered the phone and aided me with driving directions, was very welcoming, hospitable and anxious for us to sit and grub. I ordered the Ensalada de Aguacates (avocados, onions, vinegar and salt), tostones (crispy fried plantains), and the Boliche (Cuban-style pot roast stuffed with Spanish Chorizo), of course I have to order a Malta (malt beverage-ice cold). The appetizers were right on, perfect, the Boliche however, lacked the Spanish chorizo, the meat was tender tasty and presented well as were the accompanying black beans and white rice. But, honestly, my beans are better as is my black beans. I have often urged my sister to help me start a catering business or better yet, help me open a Cuban cafe, but in San Francisco, CA., I am not sure it would take off, people in California are much more partial to Mexican food. We did return the next day for lunch, my friend ordered the same thing she had the night before "Camarones Enchilados", which is sauteed prawns in tomato sauce, garlic, cumin, wine, onions and peppers served over white rice and black beans. She LOVED it so much and I was thinking the entire time, she would flip if she had mine! I ordered the steak sandwich and I was shocked when the sandwich arrived with lettuce and tomatoes??????????!!!!! Cuban sandwiches are forbidden to have lettuce and tomatoes...LOL! Anyways I removed it and had my sandwich, the meat was a little fatty, which is a No NO for Cuban sandwiches.....again we ordered tostones and avocado salad, this time the tostones must have been made by someone else they just weren't the same. But, it felt good to be around my own environment, my culture, my food and the staff here is excellent! They want to please and they want you to eat it all, which is very Cuban by the way, I give them a 4 stars, and I would go back, especially if I ever come to Vegas again, since I cannot cook while I am away from home, this is a life saver for someone craving some good Qooban food.
5	We were on a girls trip to Vegas and on our last day, we wanted something new, affordable, and yummy of course! We went on good ol Yelp in search for Cuban food because someone suggested it & this place came up. Based on the good reviews, we unanimously (surprisingly enough) decided to go here.The place was super easy to find and it's on the right of LVB if you're heading north to downtown. Man it's hot in Vegas at this time! Anyway, we parked in the back and went to the front to enter. There was no one there except for the owners who were watching an Angels game (Dodgers must not have been playing =). The man moved a table in place to make room for us and at this time, we were thinking that this place might be a dump!Boy were we wrong!!! I'm a huge fan of mom & pop places but since no one was there I thought oh no. But as soon as we got there, they totally make you feel welcomed and the waitress was smiling all the time. We asked what she recommends and she said the arroz con pollo is good. One of us got it and the rest of us got different things. I ordered the pollo criollo which was chicken pieces sauteed with onions, garlic, and tomatoes. I enjoyed it very much and I had the rice and beans mixed together which I always get in Cuban restos. My friends and I enjoyed the food a lot and I know I will definitely come back here again!
4	random confession #58239:  I daydream about their ropa vieja.
4	This was a good, cheap ethnic restaurant, off the beaten track.  It's a few minutes north of Sahara on the Strip.  You know it's pretty good because locals eat there.  There is not a lot of seating, but we managed to snag a table right away at 1:30.  I liked my chicken dish, and my husband had the steak.  Very basic but tasty.  Not sure how authentic, but the owners are Cuban, so I'm sure it was pretty authentic.  The steak was very nicely marinated, tasty like the Mexican carne asada but a different flavor.  The chicken special (they have specials for each day of the week) had crispy, tasty strips of chicken, grilled peppers, and rice.  The avocado salad was good, but so simple that you could probably make it at home.  I wish I had tried the fried plantains - will do next time.  It was very reasonable, and totaled about $30 for two people.
4	Decided to get some lunch before meeting the Yelpalicious people.This seemed interesting and walking in it was very much a hole in the wall family place. I came in with a few patrons already there (seemed all to know the staff) and part of the staff was sitting and watching a telenovela. It's just a very simple of a place and random, like there is a turtle in a tank on the counter.I ordered a Inka Cola which kinda taste like a more cotton candy tasting cream soda. I rarely drink soda, but felt like a bit of nostalgia from the days my mom would buy Latin sodas for my abuelo. To eat I got their puerco pierna asado, cuban roast pork leg, which came with rice and black beans and two nicely toasted and hot french bread slices with butter. The pork was delicious- juicy, nicely spiced with some oregano, garlic, I think it might be cloves and some lime. Thin slices of onion on top just help it to be even better. It is very simple and may not be the most "big" flavors in terms of the other things on the menu, but it's something that is comforting and a way I like to judge cuban places. Subtle and simple things are sometimes the hardest to make because it's hard to dress it up, but a fine line of where it needs to be. I kept on happily eating since it was hitting that comfort spot that good homey foods make you feel.  I like that the staff was just sitting and watching and you hear their big, boisterous laughter at whats on TV. It might irritate wound up people but to me it's like you're in their home so they are just going to be themselves and I like that unpretentious feel. It didn't make me feel weird to join them and laugh at the shenanigans on the show too. The way staff talk to each other and to customers and how they care on their customers, it's like you're at your Tias house being showered with their cooking and doting on you. I like that home feel and the pork was right on. I'm coming back and this time I want to bring some friends. There's so much I want to try and the portions are generous, the price is right, so I'm hoping to coax them to share a few things. Maybe this will be the First Friday meal spot ritual.
3	i come here all the time because  i love cuban food!    (i'm from miami)  i love cuban food it's my favorite food. i don't know about the florida cafe i ate there once it was good but both restaurants are not as  as good as the ones in miami. the things i don't like about this restaurant is that they are  very cheap  and inconsistent .
3	They've got an interesting menu.  The tamale was decent and I didn't have time to experience much as I had a wedding to attend next door at the chapel but I would go back if in the neighborhood.  Definitely some locals hanging out and dining which is always a good sign.
3	food is great loud tv is terrible ????I loved my PICADILLOMy GF did NOT really enjoy her Pollo Country style dish.We both loved the plantins maduros?And the rice and beans NICEWe also loved the YUCCA and the magic garlic sauce it came with....If the TV is on loud.....LEAVE, the old lady will NOT lower it.You might be lucky, and HER show might not be on???good luck...Luv Cuba
5	Best Cuban food in Sin City... any better and you'll hafta travel to 'La Saguecera' (the predominantly Cuban section of Miami-Dade County, Florida - a Cubanized 'corruption' of 'southwest').You can never go wrong with their Sandwich Cubano, moros y cristianos (black beans and rice) and other popular Cuban meals. Service is excellent (even more so if you speak Spanish!) though the 'Naked City' location north of the Strip can be very sketchy, especially at night.
5	I'm originally from Miami & this was the closest I found in Vegas to REAL Cuban food! there's a place down the street from this one, I think it's called Cuban Cafe.. that place was just pitiful!
5	We had dinner here on a Saturday night. It wasn't busy so we got fantastic service.We ordered the Arroz con Pollo and Bistec Criollo. I can't emphasize enough how delicious and satisfying the food was. If you come here and try their food, you will LOVE IT.
4	Good meal, the waitress was really helpful in helping me figure out what to order.  I'll be honest, my favorite things about the meal were the black beans and the bread they brought to the table, both were amazing.  It's in a tricky part of town, so I recommend going during the daylight hours unless you're ok with it.  This is a true family joint, as in the whole family is there running it and watching over things.  On the whole, I will probably go back again sometime to try more things.
2	Hated it! Tried the Cuban sandwich and the pork was very dry.
4	Had vaca frita and bistec de poll and was really good. Live in Vegas so this is new place to eat for us.
3	We were the only ones in there on a sunday afternoon which I thought was weird after my friend raved about this place. Our food came out so fast that they would not even have had time to microwave it and put it on a plate so I know everything was pre-made. Food tasted alright just tons of bones in the chicken and the fried pork was so hard I almost chipped my tooth. Is this how you cubans prefer it? Parking lot is around back. Absolutely ensure that you lock your car and DO NOT walk alone in this immediate area. I would go back but I would try to order something on the menu that they hopefully will make fresh. I gave them three stars for being very friendly, being bilingual, and for not giving me food poisoning.
4	Excellent food with great recommendations from the owner herself. Great authentic food really close to the strip. They take care of you, treat you very nicely. A bit off the strip so the food is better and people are civil. Definitely recommend for some authentic eats in Vegas.
4	ive only had the bistec de puerco but it was so good. rice and beean, good. plantanos, good. everything that anyone that ive gone with has been good. i would go here all the time if it was closer to my house.
5	MUY BUENO! Its a mom and pop place on the strip of LasVegas but further down so its best to get there by car and/or taxi, and I am so glad we went. The food was great and more traditional cuban that I have had in a long time. I know how to communicate some in Spanish so I was able to ask for some clarity on things, but their menu is in English/Spanish so dont be alarmed you can figure it all out. Just read the menu. Good variety of choices from yucca, to simple arros con pollo, chicken and rice, or if your a meat and potatoes kind of person there is something for you too or if you want to go a lil experimental you can go that route as well. The platanos (plantains) are awesome and they give you a good serving size. I plan on going back.
4	I've never seen other customers eating here but I'm not sure why - the food is delicious!  Good home cooked Cuban food, nothing fancy.  Looks like a family business and everything is cooked fresh when you order it.  In a rough part of town but I didn't feel unsafe parking my car.  Canned soda.
2	I took a friend that grew up in Miami there last weekend.  She loved it, said it reminded her of home.  She said the Cuban bread was just French bread and not the real thing.  The beans and rice were delicious as were the maduros but they were a little too greasy for my liking.  I soaked off the grease with my napkin.  The atmosphere was lacking, it did feel like I was in someone's house and intruding at times.  The TV was so loud it was ridiculous.  Is this a restaurant or what?  The server was horrible.  She was eating while we were eating and never came up to ask us if we needed anything.  I felt myself staring her down to try and get her attention to order a beverage and more napkins.  It felt a little dirty in there too, I understand it's older and outdated but it can still use a good cleaning.  The food was mediocre, I'd probably go again because there aren't many Cuban restaruants but I'll probably order to-go and I'll know what to expect, for the price, it's good.Oh by the way....you can't charge the tip...they only take cash!  She was lucky I had cash on me or she wasn't going to get a tip, not that she deserved one anyway.
4	Don't ever judge a book by its cover. This little hole in the wall joint on a shady looking lot offers the best Cuban food I've ever tasted. Prices are reasonable, the staff is reasonably friendly and the service is prompt. I went in for lunch to try them out and see if they were worth while. I ordered the Bistec Criollo, which was diced steak with chopped vegetables. The portions were quite generous, and left me thoroughly stuffed. The entree came with white rice, a delectable black bean soup, and some tasty bread rolls. The meat was juicy and plentiful and the seasoning was delightful. I strongly recommend this mom 'n pop joint to anyone who is located on Las Vegas blvd who is craving authentic cuban cuisine.
2	When you use your AMEX credit card, they make you pay the tip by cash so that the owners doesn't have to pay AMEX the fee. Not legal to force a customer to pay the tip in cash and not put it on your credit card.The Cuban sandwich was not the traditional sandwich. It was skimpy and the pork was not of a pernil style. When I ordered the plantains, I only got 4 plantains and for the price, it wasn't worth paying for it.
5	Awesome Food, a group of 4 of us went in for the first time and they treated us like family.
5	Best Cuban food in Vegas. Period.
4	Alot of reviews say that this place is in "the scary part of town", but I didn't think it was that scary... Don't let these "warnings" deter you from trying this place, because you will be missing out.I would HIGHLY recommend either of the Criollos. I had the Pollo Criollo (Chicken Cuban Country Style) and it was SO freaking good. The rice they serve with it is SUPERB as well. They offer a beef version too which I imagine will be amazing.Also would recommend the Platanos Maduros (side dish). Tried the Ropa Vieja (Shredded Beef) and the Pan Con Chorizo (Chorizo and Cheese panini-type) which were both really good as well. I dont think you can really go wrong with anything you try.A few tips:1. Make sure you have some cash for tip. Even if you pay with a credit card, they request a cash tip.2. There's a small parking lot behind the restaurant, which you can access next to the tattoo shop next door.
4	Not too long ago, I was skimming a book  my sister had lying around the house. It was a satirical hipster book. One of the points listed was how a place loses credibility once it is infiltrated by too many people that are not of that ethnicity. Not at Rincon Criollo because it was obvious that this Asian and his Caucasian friends were the only minorities in this joint. The waitress did not make any comments or give us odd glances, but the patrons looked over to us a few times. It was all cool once we started chowing down. I had ordered the Arroz Con Pollo ($10.50 regular and $8.50 on Sundays). The rice is probably the most flavorful and delicious I have had anywhere. The chicken came in large pieces, but was dry. I ended up stealing components of my friends dish to make the perfect dish. The black beans are also a must. The plantains ($3.50) were good, but not as soft as I normally like them. The portions are generous and the food comes out quick.The service is homely. Our waitress put us at ease and took care of us like we were a guest in her house.
2	This is a tougher review for me. Having spent a year in Cuba and being a picky eater to boot. The portions are good and plenty. It's definitely authentic. Just like how some people don't like seafood my tasted buds don't like dark meat chicken and when you order the pollo dishes you get mixed meat.Food='s authenticService='s decentPrices='s good for what you getCleanliness= inside clean outside wear your hazmat suit
5	We found this little gem on line when prepping for our first visit to Las Vegas.  We love discover the little places with low crowds, authentic ethnic foods.  We were completely thrilled with the amazing food here.  No frills atmosphere, but it was delightful to hear the rapid fire Spanish being spoken by the staff, and the Cuban music in the background, with the Latin TV going.  They were so polite and friendly.  I had the ropa vieja - excellent!  And oh, how I loved the cafe solo.  We're heading back to Vegas soon and already have Rincon Criollo on our itinerary.
4	The best Cuban food you can get in this town. Very home style. The chicken tends to be a little dry at times but over all the food is good. Their Black bean stew or habichuelas guisado (IS NOT A SOUP Mark W.) is delish and their yucca mojo is yummy.
4	I've been coming here for years and everytime it's just as good as the last and the portions are satisfying especially for the price.  The bread in beginning is light and toasty, the before you know it your food is here. Flavorful rice, black beans, salsa chicken and chicken bistec is the best I've tried so far. Who cares about the neighborhood no one bothers you, it's just at the north part of the strip where all of the chapels are.
3	The food is 4 star all the way.  The place is in serious need of some cleaning so I took away a star.
4	Located on Las Vegas Blvd near Charleston. In the grungy area so usually do it in the day and it's not good for big parties as the dining room is really small.This is a follow up review and I Love this place. But I'm not over selling it and dont expect a fancy looking decor and designer napkins - it's not gonna happen. The waitress and t.v. are set for spanish...cuban style so be ready.Lunch pollo criollo , black beans, avacado salad and iron beer.  All we're bangin my drums and made it a better day :)Fast service  and like eating at a relatives and all really good.Been eating here for along time.
4	One of the best (if not the best) places to eat authentic Cuban food in Vegas.  As others have noted, it's in a sketchy area; the parking lot is sketchy, and the building and restaurant itself are a bit run down.  This is not a fancy place by any means.  That being said, the food and service are amazing!  It almost feels like you're at a relatives house for lunch, with the TV blaring in Spanish.  I had the ropa vieja, which was delicious and dare I say, better than at the Florida Cafe.  Will the restaurant win three Michelin stars anytime soon?  No, but it's just a different frame of reference.  The food is authentic, reasonably priced, and good.  The ambiance is welcoming, and the service is great, which is enough for me.
5	I LOVE this place. This is the best place to get authentic cuban food in Las Vegas. Actually, I would go as far to say that I like this place better than any other cuban food place I have been to-- and that's alot. My step-dad who raised me, was half cuban, so I am familiar with the real deal. Do not pass the opportunity to truly enjoy a hole in the wall cuban place run by a REAL Family. I crave this place every week. I am seriously contemplating flying from la to vegas just to eat here.
3	Good food, surley staff.Agree with the loud soap opera, but it adds to the experience.Entree was great, beans and rice not so much.A little pricy for what they are serving, and don't bother asking about vegetables.Fried plantains where out of this world, although you might have better ambiance eating in your car.
5	Best cuban food in Las Vegas, for people that appreciated great cuban dishes. Do not let the other so call cuban restautrants in Vegas fool you. Only El Rincon Criollo offer  authentic delicious cuban/ carribean dishes. And all this at a great price.
4	Was really good food. Nice authentic feel to the place - felt like I was overseas in Cuba eating.  I will definitely go back there to try more dishes :)
4	My wife has been craving Cuban food ever since we moved from south Florida to Las Vegas. We came to this place solely off of the yelp reviews. We were NOT disappointed. Pros:Food was GREAT. We had no complaints about that.Our waitress was nice and we didn't have to wait around for anything.No fountain drinks (Most Americans are fat enough as it is).Average pricesCons:Location. Very sketchy once the sun goes down. If you have a cc permit, it's a good place to use it. I'm not a germ freak but I know what's used to clean the tables. Our water glasses were sitting upside down on the table when we walked in. I wouldn't put my lips on the table, so why would I want to drink from an item that has been hanging out on oneBesides that SMALL personal nitpick, we WILL be back for sure. Loved the cubano sandwich! I've already recommended the place to a coworker.
5	Warning:  If you are a prissy, high-maintenance individual, you won't appreciate this place.  This mom & pop style restaurant is as real & homely as it can get!  Imagine yourself in the dining room with your uncle watching baseball on the television.  The waitress, I'm assuming, is also one of the cooks;  as she is constantly on her feet waiting on customers, helping in the kitchen, and busing the tables.  She is hospitable and patient enough to listen to my Spanish when taking my order.  The food is undeniably delectable to the point where I have to roll myself out of the door.  I can't stop myself from licking the plate even when I have warned myself that I cannot eat anymore.  I always order the oxtail, but if that's not your cup of tea, try the special of the day.  I encourage you to order items you rarely see on an everyday menu such as the garlic yucca and sweet plantains, of course!
4	It was a really nice place to stop. It felt like home. We have never tried Cuban restaurant, and this place opened a new world to us. So bad we don't have anything near to that at where we live. We can before closing, while the family who owns the place were having a dinner. We were welcomed like as we would have been a part of that family. All food was exceptional and tasty. Normally, we don't go to expensive places because of their luck of personality, and even in LV where you have a variety of well-known restaurants and buffets, we believe we made a right call. We'll be the first stop at our next trip to Vegas.
4	Wonderful place. Our group of 11 was greeted warmly and served promptly. Our waitress made excellent recommendations for those in our group that had not had Cuban food before. Everything was delicious. Large portions. Every one said the chicken was cooked perfectly. My cod fish was a bit salty. That was the only knock. Definitely get the red beans. They are worth the extra buck.
1	beverages were good, food was ice cold, service was blehh. server never came back with change and we only gave her twenties.. walked out yelling, "THANK U, U CAN KEEP THE CHANGE!" my nice way of being a bitch. ha. never going back, unless someone else is paying. I'd rather take my chances with Florida Cafe.
3	Not having had Cuban food ever, I wanted to have a new experience.  My what an experience I had!  I was greeted by a homeless person at the door asking me for a dollar to pay for some food.  I said ok, so we go inside and it seems like he wanted me to pay for his whole plate!  Good thing Mama of the house told him to leave.  The place is a true hole in the wall, complete with the TV blaring telenova dramas, a big picture of Havana, Cuba on the wall, and even the chef coming out to swat flies...on my table haha.Not knowing anything, I ordered the Arroz con Pollo.  When it came out it was two pieces of chicken over a bed of red rice and a little slice of tomato.  The food was ok.  The chicken came out dry, but with a little hot sauce the flavor was there.  The rice was unique, with a little spice to differentiate it from other places.  It was quite the experience indeed.  I think I'd like to try other Cuban food dishes, maybe without all the other hoopla.
4	This place is pretty authentic and def the best cuban rest in vegas. The cuban sandwich was great the beans are good too. Viva cuba.
4	We had a lunch with a great app iof guacamole that was fresh with lime. In addition, there was sausage with fried onions and bananas over toasted bread. Main dish was feast of black beans, light white rice, and a fresh chicken dish with vegetables. This was the lunch special at $8.95.Area is a little sketchy but ok for lunch. As a Vegas resident, I like these family restaurants.Definitely returning.
4	You gotta love this hole in the wall. Good food, lousy service.
4	We had a Cuban sandwich (great value) and the daily special for Wednesday (white rice, bowl of black beans and a chicken dish. The Cuban sandwich was good and we ordered a second sandwich because it was not real big. The chicken special was good a filing. Also we had the yucca appetizer which was ok but not great. It was kind of bland.
1	I had high expectations for this place after all the review unfortunately my first time with the family was not a great one.   We went around after lunch and seated by the far left. We saw an old lady seated next to the kitchen area, which was not covered and we can see the cooks preparing the meals.  Red alert 1, not good. When we got our meals, one of them was a deep fried pork chop which was crispy but in the middle was red and uncooked. We when spoke to our server and told her about it. She did Ok and went back to the kitchen and had the cook refried the pork chop. NOT GOOD! There was no mention of 'I'm apologize and make you a new one' or 'I'll take it off the bill'.
4	I can't tell you how many times I've wanted to eat here but for one reason or another didn't. . . then 15 YEARS went by and I FINALLY walked through the door. This place was EVERYTHING I thought it was from looking at the outside of it for years. Home style, family run and authentic is what I always thought and it delivered!! I read the complaints about the loud soap operas and that was one of my FAVORITE parts of the evening. I've had better Cuban food but this is still a good place for authentic Cuban food. A few of the staff were. . . ahem. .. .shall we say. . . set in their ways. There was a small language barrier when we ordered but somehow we got everything we wanted on point. PROS: Feeling like I'm in a home             Yucca in garlic sauce             Maduros             Loud soap operas on the tv             Watching the staff come out to check on the soap opera every now and then.             The manager/owner sitting at the table enamored by the drama on tv. CONS: Black beans needed more seasoning or something             Seemed like I used a LOT of salt on my dishes to seasoned them up more.              I like the atmosphere so much that I'm willing to go back just because I feel like I'm in a Cubano household eating.
5	Cubano 100% it's just as Cuban as it gets! I'm Cuban I just got here to USA from Havana and let me tell u eating here is like eating at your Abuela! (grandma's) back home... Ropa vieja and black beans to die for... Love this place please never change your food, your servers or your place
1	Ordered a Cubano sandwich and fried plantains. The plantains were burnt. The cubano was fantastic. Tender juicy meat BUT THERE WAS A HAIR IN MY SANDWICH. I'm so disappointed!
1	I am a huge fan of Cuban cuisine, Vegas, honestly does not have enough Cuban restaurants and this one will not be on my radar. I was pretty disappointed by my experience here. We ordered yuca in garlic sauce, bacalao in red sauce, ropa vieja with fried plantains. We left without finishing our food. The bacalao was SO salty, I couldn't eat it (I actually prefer my food on a saltier side). The yuca was just boiled, drained in oil and sprinkled with garlic powder. The ropa vieja was just ok.What really stricked me is that you can see part of the kitchen from the kitchen area and the first thing you see is a microwave... Odds are many restaurants have microwaves in their kitchen but should customers see them from their table? Absolutely not.Now, I went to the bathroom and was seriously grossed out. It looks like it's a bathroom in a 3rd world country. After I washed my hands and left the bathroom I felt like my hands are dirtier. I really wanted to like this place and based on so many positive reviews I thought I would. The positive reviews is what actually kept us from walking out without ordering.
3	Cuban sandwich was MUY delicioso! if you're in the area it's worth a stop in!
1	first of all, for being #1 on this lis,t it shouldn't be. Service was poor. Waitress had attitude and seemed to be upset the entire time. Not once did she crack a smile. The pan con lechon that we ordered was very dry and it had cheese! An original Pan con lechon is simply pork, bread and mojo. NO CHEESE! Why do they put cheese on an original cuban sandwich like pan con lechon??? The croquetas were re-heated and old. The place was very hot and no air. The plaque from Zagat and best of Las Vegas should be removed! Not to mention those were from back in 2007!!! Chef Ramsey would be applled!! Pass this place up and head somewhere else!
