5	I love this place. Great greek food and great place to eat.The address is actually at 59th and just north of Olive ave.
5	I found this restaurant nestled in the back corner of the Fresh and Easy anchored strip mall on the southwest corner of Olive and 59th Ave. I stopped by for lunch last week and was extremely pleased with everything. The staff was very nice, pleasant to deal with, and fast. I ordered the gyros combo and a side of the lentil soup. The gyros is currently the best I've had in the valley. Everyone must try the lentil soup, it is by the far the best I've EVER had. I will definitely be visiting this restaurant multiple times a month!
4	Babylon Gyros is owned and managed by a PERFECTLY charming man and his children. For that reason alone I'd be a fan.BG is a dine in establishment served quickly. Not high on atmosphere but meant to serve a business lunch or easy meal. However, the space is super clean and easy to find.The menu is long enough to feel like you could go back several times for different choices but the truth is that it is nicely focused and not overwhelming without feeling slim and boring. I don't eat red meat and I don't feel left out of this place's offerings.Gyros are salty. No way around it. Let's get that straight. But these Gyros are DELISH. The chicken is not the kind where you feel like you sort of had a Gyro, sort of, but not really. It's chicken that's been seasoned, formed and sliced thicker than what is typical of the lamb. And it's good. Very good. The pita's are that perfect kind of puffed yumminess that makes you rather sad when you've swallowed the last bite. The lentil soup, to me, is the star of this place. I would drive the 20 minutes JUST for the soup. I'd drive in the throes of the flu or common cold for this soup. It is really that good. You've had lentil soup, but you haven't had lentil soup yet. Go here, then you've had lentil soup. Made by hand, right here, with a whole lot of love. As a matter of fact, don't even eat it, just smell it. You'll know what I mean. It's good. Can you smell that just perfectly matched curry lingering in the background? Yeah, I knew you would.Ok, now you can taste it. Just be seated first.There is deep love for this place. I mean really, really deep love.It's helped by the fact that on my first visit in, my twin and I were each given a piece of baklava as a birthday gift. And the hugs goodbye after both visits.Yeah. It's love.
5	Beautiful Gyros! The portions were huge (that's what she said)! I can't wait to come back and try some more of the menu. Good show!!
4	Hands down the best Chicken Gyro and/or combo plate I have ever had.  MUST have the lentil soup cause you will find no other like it.  REALLY REALLY big fan of Babylon Gyro and the GREAT people who own and operate this establishment.
5	Before moving to Tempe I never knew the glory of what is Mediterranean food and by association, what a Gyro was. I was young, naive, and greekless.Now I'm educated and occassionally find myself "Goin' Out West" (Tom Waits anyone?) to visit, put in some face time and what not but I'm always struck with Gyro DT's since there are few places that have wised up and jumped on the Mediterranean flavor train.  The Gyro's are massively fat, stacked, monsters of meat and onions.  Now It may be intimidating at first, like fighting a Goliath made of sweet succulent euphoria but  don't worry guy, they have to go boxes, if you can control yourself after the first bite.  Their rice is good too.  ( sorry rice no analogies for you)The best thing though, is they have SRIRACHA SAUCE!!!!!  Now these Gyro's are at a ten but anyone who's had Sriracha (Capitalization for pure respect) knows it makes anything an immediate fucking eleven.Fin.
5	My favorite Mediterranean lunch spot! For no more than $8, I get a huge, flavorful gyro (or chicken shawerma), my choice of rice, salad, or fries, and a fountain drink. I can never finish a whole meal, and every bite is delicious. You can tell the owner really cares--he makes sure you're enjoying your meal, and even chats up some sports since ESPN is ALWAYS on.They throw the gyro meat on the grill after it's carved, and this makes a world of difference. I'm spoiled now, and feel like most gyros at a casual place are very lazily made. The salad is loaded with feta and some other toppings...if only they'd ease up on the vinegar a bit. The texture of the fries tells me they're made from fresh cut potatoes, and they taste loaded with garlic and some other spices. I like them with tzatziki, which they do very well.Hell, I've even tried the lentil soup. And I hate lentils! It was yummy. I've been to a lot of casual Greek places for gyros, and they don't measure up to Babylon. Sure, it has some minor flaws, but I can overlook that when the food is this good.
4	Good stuff! This time the groupon proved to be valuable.  We had gyros, traditional and chicken, both were very good.  Would come back if in the neighborhood and recommend highly for anyone who likes to sample the valley's selection of mediterranean fare.
5	My go to gyro spot, and I am lucky enough for it to be super close to home.  I always get the italian beef, and the reason?  It's really darn good!This establishment is family owned and operated, so you'll always see the same folks when you walk in.  I'm telling you, give them a try!
4	Not skimpy with the gyros meat at all, but could use some tzatziki sauce I thought...if the meat didn't crowd it out (ha!).  Good hummus, fresh cooked pita with it.  Good prices, folks!!!  Not overpriced for what you get at all.  Great service from a very nice younger guy at the front who will help serve you to your specs. Will I go back?  Darn tootin'!!!  This is just your basic, downhome gyros joint with cheap prices for what you get.Oh, and don't expect fancy decor cause it won't be here.
5	Best Gyros I know of.
4	Yum---we were in the mood for something new for lunch today. I spotted a review in the local paper about this place and checked it out on Yelp (something I now consistently do before going to a new spot).  We were very pleased with the food. I had the chicken sharwerma meal which came with  saffron rice, a very fresh salad, pita and tzatziki. Hubby had the chicken gyro sandwich. The flavors were very good--nicely spiced and obviously fresh ingredients. The staff were very friendly---I suspect it is a family running the business and very hard workers.  I couldn't eat all the food, so will have a tasty dinner tonight with the left-overs. They offered (and I accepted) extra tzatziki when I got the doggy bag.   Will certainly come back to this spot.
3	I stopped in just to use a coupon that was expiring.  If all you're expecting is "OK" you won't be disappointed.  Prices are reasonable and the portions are size able.  Beyond that, there's no reason to go out of your way to eat here.  I stopped in on a Monday afternoon and must have interrupted someones break.  I ordered a Gyro plate and a baklava.  I had to remind them that the plate came with a drink, then when they brought my meal I had to remind them that I also ordered the baklava.  I don't think they were out to defraud me of a $2 dessert, I just think don't think their hearts are really in the hospitality business.
1	The restaurant lobby was just dirt. Tables tops sticky.
5	Great Food! Great Service! Music too loud until owner reduced!  Must try this place as you will not be disappointed! Oh don't forget to get the coupon deal which I bought a $10 coupon and bought $20 worth of food! Can't go wrong with that!
5	The gyros were delicious...the chicken was cooked perfectly...the schwarma was fantastic....I'LL be back!
4	I must admit, I'm not from the east coast so to me there are too many gyro places in town.  This one stands out, easily.  It is very good!! Somebody else said something about them grilling the gyro meat after carving it and it makes a big difference as far as taste and texture.  The owner greeted us, and other than a minor (I asked for no onions and got onions) hiccup everything was really good.  The chicken kabobs were made from very fresh chicken and was very moist.  I will be back again when craving a gyro for sure!!!
5	Some of the best mediterranean and middle eastern I have ever had! Owner is friendly and takes pride in his food.
5	Mediterranean cuisine in a low brow setting, but the quality is there.  Gyro plate with rice, hummus and pita bread plus a small dinner salad was immensely flavorful AND prepared in a timely manner.  The place is clean.  The people working there are cheerful and welcoming.  Gyro plate is $8.99.  Friend tried grilled chicken plate, which was equally delicious.
5	The staff was very friendly and the food was awesome!
4	Good food, friendly staff. I would give it more stars except the gyro meat was on the dry side (my guess it was on the spit too long) and a bit more cucumber sause could have helped.  Great french fries! tasty baklava.Coming from back east, its not the best greek food I've eaten but for Arizona not bad at all.
2	I had high hopes for this place. However when I am trying to order and the cook's son is behind the counter screaming at him to pay attention to him, throwing a fit, pulling on his dads clothes and yelling, I don't really want to spend anymore time in the place. However I was starving, so I ordered anyway. Had a chicken gyro, it was skimpy. Been to places that offer a lot more for your money. Then while eating the child continued to scream and the mother made some weak attempts to tell him to be quiet. My advice is hire a babysitter or stay home with the kid, this isn't a daycare, it's a food establishment. You'll lose money.
3	I like the gyros. Gyros are hard to mess up, and when I can't get them anywhere else for several miles you're going to get my business. I'm also liking the extended hours, and the bottled drink selection. I like that they've kept some variety, and you can try a sampler plate with items you won't normally see, even at other gyro shops. Like spanakopita, or some of that other stuff wrapped in grape leaves that I can't spell or pronounce (dolmathakia?). I didn't care for the fries, falafel, or rice, but hey--ya win some, ya lose some.*forced smile*I legitimately think this place is good for lunch. Just...please, don't remind me how awesome it was under previous ownership. I don't want to live in the past. I hope the owners will at least put on ESPN instead of children's TV while I eat. You know, for old times' sake.
4	Very friendly staff, they make you feel part of there family. The food is excellant and you get plenty of food for your buck. We eat there at least twice a month if not more.
4	Amazing and at a great price. Best i've had in Phoenix
3	The food was good(a little greasy), but the service was molasses-slow. I think it had something to do with me using a deal voucher (provided by Yelp ironically). I would probably return, because I really did enjoy my order, I just hope I receive better service next time.
4	This place is always good. If you're in the mood for good Mediterranean, this is a good go-to.
4	When new owners took over Babylon Gyros in the commercial center at the northeast corner of 59th Av and Olive Av, they wanted to rename it Shako Mako Grill. But they decided to keep the Babylon name because people are familiar with it and just appended Shako Mako to the name.I came here a week ago with my friend and fellow yelper John M. I tried the lamb shish kabob platter, which was really good. John also let me sample some of his grilled salmon plate, and it was also pleasing.  I returned a few days later to try their Daily Combo Special (available from 1 pm to 5 pm) and wow - this is one very good deal! For $5.99 + tax, you get meat kifta kabob, grilled chicken, meat shawarma, chicken shawarma, a crispy falafel, rice, and salad; it also comes with a warm pita cut into quarters. It's a lot of good food for so little money.Service is very friendly and the place itself is basic, clean, and bright. I also received a loyalty card for accumulating bonus points, which is good because I know I'll be coming here frequently.
5	SHAKO MAKO, BABYLON GYROS call it what you want. I CALL IT TASTY,INEXPENSIVE AND FAST! Every time I come here the food is consistently wonderful. The owners know how to make great food AND make you feel welcome. The Gyros are served as a plate or combo with REAL FRESH FRIES not frozen. Combo was only $6.99. This speaks volumes that the rest of his food is fresh as well. The Gyros are almost all pure meat without the 2 pounds of lettuce you find at most places. This is a real value.  Want to try something different? The daily Combo from 1p-5p is only $5.99. It's a combo of Kifta Kabob,grilled chicken,shawarma,(chicken or meat) or falafel served WITH rice AND salad. They have a wonderful menu featuring Shawarma's, Kabob,Falafel's, Italian Beef Sand. Wings Etc. Try it once and guaranteed you'll be back! I'm looking at their menu and just saw they Cater and deliver too! They're on 59th ave and Olive.. Great Stuff.. My stomach is FULL AND HAPPY.
5	Place is delicious and the portions are huge.
4	I've been here a few times. Service has always been friendly, food is good, and the prices reasonable. They occasionally have a Yelp deal. They also have some nice daily specials. I usually get the gyro combo. The gyro's are good (except I like a little more tzatziki sauce) but the skin on fries are awesome!The owner usually chats with me, and I have no idea what he is talking about through his thick accent, and my bad hearing. I just listen, nod my head, say "yah?" and wait for the glorious fried potato goodness. Oh yes, and the gyro!
4	I went here with a yelp deal.  The service was great, the food was very good.  I had a gyro and my mom had a vegetarian platter.  The portions were generous and very tasty.  I will be back when I am in town again.
4	I have returned and enjoyed the food again as well! Definitely one of the best Gyros in the Valley. And this is coming from a native New Yorker who also lived in Chicago for a couple years. Service was much better this time around as well.
3	Price wise good however the rice wasn't good, it was under cooked. The yogurt sauce wasn't same as I tried middle eastern or Mediterranean  sauces elsewhere. Service was good that's why it will be unfair to give them less than 3 stars ***
5	Amaze-balls.
4	It is little pricy but they give you o much meat that it makes up for it.  I have only has the gyros.  The have good food, beer, and wifi great place to go for lunch in between classes at GCC.
4	On three visits everything has been good or better, but the baklava alone is worth the effort to find this little place tucked away in quiet corner shopping strip across from Glendale Community College.  The "Feast for 3-4" for $38 fed 3 hOngry guys in person and 2 more with the leftovers.  Chicken & beef kabobs especially tasty. Chicken schwarma warma my interior in all the right ways & left me comfortably filled., but the highlight for me I think are those extraordinarily large squares of baklava /baklawa for $1.99: Moist - yet the pastry still flakey  Sweet but not overly so. Just perfect.  Friendly, walk-up counter service. Food delivered to your table. Get your own paper napkins, silverware & fountain drinks. Clean & simple. Airy & open with the high ceiling and windows on front and one side. Polished concrete floors. Adequate & clean men's room - Ask for restroom keys at the counter..
4	Been here a few times recently and its great. Had my go to meal of chicken gyros has been great and today i had grilled chicken greek salad and it was delish. Great seasoning and fresh ingredients.
4	There's nothing you can't get as far as Greek goes at Babylon Gyros. The food is delicious, its priced to sell, and the staff is very friendly. There is also a check in offer that gets you a gyro for $2.50! Can't beat that...Overall, I frequent Babylon because of it's delicious eats and cheap prices. If you're in the area, give it a try!
5	Best Gyros in town! Great management, great customer service, and a very clean atmosphere. Come here about once a week. Couldn't be more happy with the food too, it's delicious!!
4	One of the best gyro joints I've been to. The tzatziki sauce is on point. Highly recommended giving this place a try.
5	This a great lunch spot over on the west side. They offer an incredible lunch combo between 1-5pm. I find myself eating here multiple times a week. I highly recommend this place.
4	Stopped in here with my girlfriend because I am obsessed with falafel. This falafel was a little different from others I've tried. I could taste cinnamon and inside was bright green. It was delicious and exciting to taste a different variation than what I'm used to. The baba ganoush and dolmas were also very good. I will have to stop by again next time I'm in Glendale.
5	Very hidden little place, I walked here from school (GCC). I was craving something healthy and delicious! I received the free sandwitch for checking in along with the chicken kabob Greek salad I ordered (way too much food) after a little confusion with the order,  the food was defenitly worth it!! Hands down the best chicken kabobs I've had! And I've had quite a few from different states and cities! Defenitly recomend it. The charbroil taste defenitly makes all the difference. Next time I'll read the menu before attempting to order, .. I recomend you grab one too before approaching the register :) overal great quality food for a great price!!
1	I ate there last night, party of four. Had wait of 25 minutes. Food was just OK. Wonder what all reviews saw in this place. Disappointing. Never again.
2	I feel sorry for anybody to think that this is good Mediterranean or Middle Eastern cuisine. I am from Dearborn Michigan the  largest Middle Eastern community America.I had Middle Eastern food and Mediterranean food made in people's homes that tastes better than this stuff they sell. A diet -conscious friend  and I was hungry so we decided to go there. I ordered the spinach pie thinking it would be good but the spinach pie was deep  and full of grease I never had  spinach pie  deep fried.. It literally made me sick me  to my stomach the guy will meet with like beef shavings wasn't even on authentic shawama bread he didn't even press it to prepare.some pieces of  the meat had had fat on it I orders a fatoush salada that not hard to make that was fair. The cook/owner even got a little upset with me when I was questioning him about the preparation of my sandwich. I would never visit there again and You don't believe me for yourself try some food here and go to another nearby Middle East restaurant that's not too far from them they make real Shawarma,s and try the food there and see for yourself !
5	Very good food! I got the combination plate, they there very accommodating on substitutions! It came with hummus, rice, beef kabob, chicken kabob, shawarma, and salad! Priced just under $10 a pound, food came out very fresh and satisfying! Hummus was very authentic, looked like homemade!  Haven't  tried their baklava but look enticing! Definitely will come back when I'm in the area! Keep it up, I hope they do well.
4	Alot of food for the price. I get the chicken kabob plate & it's good for 2 meals for me. Lots of chicken, rice, hummus, Greek salad, pita bread & garlic sauce. Staff is very friendly & accommodating. Great offers too! I got $12 worth of food for 6 bucks, & a free piece of baklava for checking in. Highly recommend.
5	We been coming to this place for months.This is one of those addicting places. I love the Meat Kifta its full of flavor. The Meat Schwarma will let u wanting more. I always used to have the Combo plate but this last time i went i had the actual Gyros meat in a pita and man its the best thing!!! Im glad they have Sriracha that makes it spicy and still keeps flavor. They are nice patrons. The lady is super nice. And they always accomodate your likings with substitutions. Best local restaurant around. And i will not stop coming anytime soon.
4	A really good gyro with lots of tzatziki sauce. They have kids meals. The baklava was delicious.
3	My coworker and I ate here for lunch one day. It's simple inexpensive, and good. I give it 3 stars because in my mind 4 and 5 stars are for stellar places with great food and ambiance. If you need some good greek food for a good price this place is the ticket but I'd not go here every week or on a date.
1	Im sad to say that Shako Mako/Babylon Gyros has probably lost my business. Today was the deciding factor. Previous visit they charged me for substituting humus for tzasiki sauce aomething they were always kind to di. And today when we placed an order we were told it would be an additional charge to put the salad's cheese on the side. And according to them because of the container. And then because it more cheese on the side than the actual salad. Lame excuse. Idk what happened to them but this time was just the turning point. I guess il make the drive to Pita Kitchen on 99th ave those people seemed to be overly kind. Shako Mako you were my favorite place, now it wont ever happen again. It was you not me lets make it clear. Bye.
5	This place is authentic as it gets! 10/10 for the food!
5	Found this place on yelp! Group of 5 of us walked in around 7:30pm. You order at the counter and they bring it out to you. Ordering process was easy and the menu had pictures which is always a plus when trying new food!  They cook everything to order. So once you order you have to sit and wait 5-10 minutes depending on what you ordered! Everyone pretty much had something different! Everyone loved what they ordered. I had the gyro combo (fries and a drink) and it cost me $7.50.Will be going back again before I leave Phoenix!
4	I've become a little obsessed with this place. I cannot get enough of their chicken gyro. Meat has great flavor and is almost moist. Their taziki sauce is so good I actually ask for extra and put it on everything. It's so fresh tasting with the dill and cucumber. I stop by anytime I'm in the central Glendale area. The only thing that I didn't like was that I had recently bought an online coupon and when I came to use it they didn't seem too sure how to apply it. It took awhile but eventually they got it figured out. I'll be back there soon I'm sure.
5	Great lamb kabobs. I like the draft beers as an option & to top it off the baklava for desert. Excellent.
3	I was craving a Greek salad and it's been a while since I've had one and so I looked it up on here and found this place and it is super close to where I live. I got a gyro Greek salad and a side of falafels. Everything was so good and the place was really nice inside and out. Only complaint is the salad needed for feta but that's just me lol I would totally go back.I went a second time to this place I ordered a head time. Everything was wrong from the order so I had to wait another 20 mins till that was done and the food was not that great. Idk if they had an off day but all I ordered was a Greek salad with gyro meat and a chicken sandwich with fries ugh it was gross.
5	Maybe it should be 4.5 stars as the falafal was a little over cooked. But everything else on the plate was amazing. I had the Combo Plate, a little bit of everything.
3	I'm a bit of a Greek food snob and this place didn't do it for me.  It's certainly not bad but nothing stood out.  Very flat pita bread with minimum Tzatziki application.  The lettuce didn't seem fresh and their fries are served very undercooked.On a positive note the seasoning on the fries is good and they were plenty busy.  $7.50 for a drink, Gyro and fries is a fair price.
5	I'm going to keep this short and sweet...Ate here a few weeks back. The food was fantastic. It was the best Mediterranean food I've had in the West Valley for sure. This is a nice family owned mom and pop, so if you're into supporting local places - come here. Or get delivery - they deliver now. The owner was really cool and accommodating - made me feel like I was eating at my own family's house (except better because no one tried to stab me with a fork). I'm definitely going to go out of my way to eat here again.
4	They're good gyros and chicken gyros. Nothing special but been here twice snd ill gi back.
2	I ordered delivery.The food was decent at best. The customer service is great. I'm a picky customer, I am allergic to tomatos so I always ask people to keep them off whatever I'm ordering, they definitely did that. However, I asked for the tsatziki on the side (of my gyro) and they didn't include any at all, not a big deal. Mistakes happen. When I opened the container of the hummus I ordered, it looked like someone vomited in a to-go box. It was horrible. The gyro itself wasn't bad, but sans the tsatziki, it was bland (that's me being nice). Definitely won't order from here again. Like I said, great customer service for the most part, horrible food. Yuck.
5	The gyro is great, the fries are great, and the portions are generous. Great value here, and great food. The baklava is made fresh every day and simply melts in the mouth. They also have American food and beer here, with a selection of bottled and draft beers. Vegetarian and halal plates are available.
5	Fast, friendly service, they really make you feel like you are family. Can't wait until I'm on that side of town again to stop in.
2	I ordered a delivery and was very sad to try their food.  Everything was soggy and cold and tasteless.  I had ordered spanakopita, falafel, beef sandwich, and French fries.  I found the quality and quantity seriously lacking.  The presentation was non-existent and looked like  it had been sitting around for a long time in the styrofoam boxes.  It ended up to be very costly, and as far as we were concerned, a total waste of money.
4	As an American Irish "whiteboy" I appreciate the hell outta some change in the food dept. I have tons of Arabic friends and have eaten plenty of great food from their families. Excellent food... not a complaint but a suggestion to the restaurant. My frys were a bit soggy from the oil. Other then that a great restaurant that I will go back to soon.
3	Its an okay place for a real quick gyro. Its not the best gyro in Arizona. I think they make their own cucumber sauce. It taste kinda funny to me. I took my wife here I had a beef shawarma it was very tasty  but I wouldn't go back to get another one. She had a gryo but didn't finish it. Its like a one time movie watch for me with this place. Good luck in the future Babylon
5	Love this place. They always serve a lot of food and great tasting humus. Its clean and food is great. Totally worth paying 8.99 for grilled chicken salad! Meat is always juicy. Me and my husband are regular customers.
5	Awesome gyro meat. They make everything in front of you too...and amazing stuffed grape leaves!! Def worth a visit!!!
5	I don't know how the rest of the menu is but I come to this location quite often for an amazing gyro.  The are also so very nice and great people. I definitely recommend this place for there gyros and the baklava. Thank you for what you guys do!
5	I tried the place again and im happy with them again. They been nice people and havent suck every penny.
5	Luv the Gyros,  Philly Steak and wow for the Kabob Chicken Greek Salad!The atmosphere is relaxing and patio is delightful!Has free WI-FI so eat and work on the patio.Everyone is very friendly
3	Food was ok. I had the steak kabob plate. The salad and rice was good. The steak was tough.
