5	Updated 3/2012. Yes Service is not their strong point; but there food is excellent. I have never had a bad meal there and I go on a regular basis. Again if it is just two of you sit at the bar. You get good service at the bar and it is more relaxing for two to sit and drink and indulge in wonderful food while perched on a bar stool. All I can say is for those who had a bad experience with service give them and yourself another chance by taking a seat at a bar stool and treating yourself to some of the best food in Charlotte. Barrington's has one of the best kitchens in Charlotte. On my first visit the food was excellent but the service was horrible (a big group sucked up all the wait staff). I waited several years before giving it another try. The service now was OK and the food was wonderful. You need reservations as it is kind of small. If no reservations are available you might think about eating at the bar. This is not as elegant as a table but the food is just as excellent and the drinks are very reasonable ($9 for a healthy pour of Johnny Walker Black). Their mussels are the best. It has become one of my favorite places for dinner
5	This is the best restauraunt I have eaten at in Charlotte. The food is really world class. The small 20 table dining room really makes it feel very warm and personable. Chef Bruce Moffett really pays attention to detail when preparing his dishes. Their signature starter in my oppinion are the mussels, very simple, and have always been perfectly cooked. You can't go wrong wrong with any of the main dishes, I especially like the roasted Halibut, and this is a restauraunt worth ordering the chicken dish(pan seared with creamy potatoes, sounds plain but is very delicious). The Veal and Porcini Gnocchi are also worth a try. You can not beat Barrington's for any special occasion.
4	I have the pleasure of dinning at some of the finest restaurants around the world, and I often find myself enjoying the quaint tucked away boutiques over the high profile and trendy powerhouses.  Barrington's is no exception as its cozy atmosphere matches its style and taste.  From the "french fry" based salad to the great cut of steak I enjoyed, I was thoroughly impressed with the service and quality of food and would definitely recommend it to anyone traveling to the Charlotte area.  I was joined by a large group of clients (we took up most of the dinning area) and the staff was able to handle the service perfectly with no visible signs of distress or angst from the other patrons in the restaurant.Enjoy!
5	Its a must!! Number one on my list here in Charlotte. I have gone many times and every time both the service and food are spot on. Bruce the owner/executive chef is up for the James Beard award that's huge!! I love it here and so does everyone I go with!! Thank God for food like this!!
5	Best restaurant in Charlotte.  Great place for an intimate dinner, like an anniversary or an escape from the kids!
5	Impressive place by any standard! We went for a special occasion and were not disappointed - excellent service, innovative menu and creative wine list. Everything we had was well prepared, thoughtfully executed and the right size. In particular I recommend the Gnocchi (amazing) and also the beet/arugula salad (great mix of flavors). The menu is updated frequently but I believe the Gnocchi is always available. The room is intimate, warm and romantic - a great option for a night out. Location is a bit out of the way, but if you can get to the Ben and Jerry's in South Park, you'll find it. :)
5	Barrington's is one of those places you dream of finding.  It is a small and intimate place that serves excellent food and has top notch service.  I have been to Barrington's 3 times and each time was excellent.  You can bring your own wine and pay a corking fee - there is a nice wine shop practically next door.  Or you can order off their wine selection which is good.  It is a quiet place with a relaxed ambiance and is perfect for dates, anniversaries or special occasions.  They focus on very well made food and use local produce where possible.  The menu changes based on selections so there is plenty of variety.If you are in Charlotte plan a trip to Barrington's - it is one of those rare places that is worth making the trip to often.
4	This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants back home. I miss the restaurant's delicious dishes, not to mention the warm intimacy it offers.
4	session key
4	Definitely one of the better restaurants I've been to here in Charlotte.  Great desserts!
5	Came on Saturday night I can't even begin to tell you how once again our dinner was amazing!! If you end up here soon get the Monkfish with Lobster Tempura it was soooooo good!!! The Gnocchi was amazing along with our soups!! I Love this place the food is Amazing and so is the Service!!!
5	We had a family dinner 3/12/2010... we ate a bit late at 8:30 pm but the place was still busy...the homemade hot bread was great...3 of the 4 of us had an artichoke soup with black truffle cream and a little maine lobster...just wonderful and served very hot for all...a well done arugula salad with fresh apples and goat cheese completed our first course...we all had something different for dinner...I had a pot pie with saddle and loin of rabbit and it was amazingly well done, hot, flavorful and rich...my wife had parmasean gnocchi with veal....my younger daughter had tagliatelle with mushrooms, cream  and english peas and my older daughter had beef bourguignon with Pomme Anna, bacon lardon and winter vegetables and braise reduction....all were excellent....service was very good and friendly...we brought wine in ('99 Clos de Tart) and paid the $20 corkage without hesitation...stemware was fair/adequate but not great...the only detractor from the whole experience was the fairly loud environmentOverall this was a great experience ... total bill (with 2 glasses of Latour Chardonnay) was a little over $200
2	I was so excited to eat at Barringtons for my birthday dinner. I'd heard and read so many rave reviews, I was sure it would be amazing. It wasn't. In fact, to say I was underwhelmed is an understatement. Where to start? We had a reservation for 8 and they even called us to confirm. But when we showed up, they made us wait for 15 minutes and there was nowhere TO wait because the bar was full of other diners in the same position. Waiting for their tables to turn. Pacing wasn't much better after we were seated as we watched our waiter do a series of odd jobs other than wait on tables (never mind ours) for 20 minutes. We only had water and menus. The menu isn't so long that it takes 20 minutes to make a choice. When we finally ordered, the food came quickly, but that was my next disappointment. My shrimp dumplings were only OK, and frankly tasted previously frozen. The halibut main course was a nice but TINY piece if fish, and the sauce flavors were almost too subtle. If I'm going to pay $29 for an entree, I expect more than six or seven bites of food! The highlight of the meal actually was dessert. We had a lemon marscapone cake with blueberry frozen yogurt and candied almonds which was superb! The flavors blended perfectly and the cake was light and moist. Other than the food lacking that "fine dining" perfection I would have expected, the space itself is awful. It's not "small/intimate" it's "small/claustrophobic" and oppressively loud! The bar was perpetually full to overflowing into the tiny room and the tables are so tiny there's barely room for the plate and beverage. I'm only 5'2" and 110lbs and I felt like I was sitting at a child's width table at adult height. It felt more like a chain restaurant's ambiance than a place you go for a special occasion that's for sure! On the whole, a major disappointment. Maybe the economy has them packing people at the bar to up drink sales ( and overbooking to do it), maybe we hit an off-night,  I don't know, but I wouldn't go back. I should have gone back to Ratcliffe on the Green instead. That is a fine-dining experience. Barringtons was not.ADDENDUM: I just re-read other reviews and wonder if I even ate at the same restaurant (yes, I know it WAS Barringtons, don't worry, I'm being sarcastic)! There was no four course option where we would get selections chosen by the chef, the chef never made an appearance, it was not quiet and intimate, it was loud, stuffy and decidedly "suburban," and the fact that people don't seem to mind dropping $150 for salad and pasta, or appetizer and tiny entree is astounding to me when there are such amazing meals to be had in Charlotte for the same or LESS!
5	By far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  Its not a weekly stop because frankly I need a place to live and a car to drive (and eating here all the time would make me poor) so its reserved for special occasions, or a once every few months becasue I miss it so much and have to go back, type of place.The menu changes seasonally, except for some standards like the mussels and the roast chicken entree.  I like that it changes except for when I've had something so delicious I want it the next time I go and its gone =(Favorites have been the monkfish with lobster tempura and bok choy, a mixed greens salad with sweet potato fries, the pea soup, the corn soup, the lemon mascarpone cake (I dream about this), striped bass, flounder, the grouper with "clam chowder," the cosmos, I swear they make them the best I've ever had.  I could go on and on but I honestly can't remember every dish I've ever had what I do know is not once have I left and felt like my meal was medicore.Service is professional but also not pretentious.  I love when a server jokes around with the table but is not so intrusive that they act like we're all new BFF's.  And that is exactly how they deliver at Barrington's.Yes its small and yes its pricey but like I said its not a daily/weekly type place to eat out at.  I went in May and June and now that I am talking about it my stomach started growling and I want to go now!!
5	Fantastic restaurant. I had in incredible salad and  the best lamb chops! Try the apple desert. Highly recommend...
4	Ranked Charlotte's best for many years in a row. Located and hidden in the Foxcroft area, this charming restaurant is definitely a special occasion place. Make sure to get a reservation because a late decision and call to see if they have a table will leave you disappointed as there will be none available. Small and quaint, with a classy interior, you'll feel the ambiance immediately upon entering. We got a table all the way int eh back of the restaurant which was nice. The halibut was awesome as well as the lobster soup. Service was spot on at the beginning of the meal, but was noticeably absent towards the end/dessert. That's the only reason I knock it from a 5 to a 4. The service wasn't bad, just noticeably slow at the end to the point of looking over shoulders to see where she was and if she'd return with dessert, coffee, check, etc. Overall Barrington's is a great Charlotte find and the choice of many around special occasions. Not overly expensive, but expect ala carte options with an extensive and pricey wine list. This is the same owner (brother is chef) as Good Food on Montford, so for a little something more modern, check it out.
4	I am a fan of Barrington's...but just barely.  The food here is good and it's probably one of the places in Charlotte you have to eat, but I will return to other places before returning to Barrington's.After all of the talk about how good the food is at Barrington's, we had admittedly high expectations.  To begin with, we were both fairly disappointed with the bread served prior to our meal.  I generally think that, while not a significant part of the meal, the bread sets the tone for a meal.  Ours tasted and felt like it was either microwaved or warmed in a convection oven.  Of all of the really good meals I have had in my life, I would venture than 95% were proceeded by exceptional bread.  I thought the tomato soup was very, very good. My wife had a mixed green salad that was good but not exceptional.  The entrees were the biggest disappointment. I ordered the lamb chops.  This was, again, a good dish but not exceptional.  I am a fan of keeping food simple.  The hash and greens ended up just being a mix of flavors that didn't necessarily complement the meat.  I also love a good sear to the outside of the meat to provide texture, which this preparation lacked.  My wife had the rigatoni.  This a very rich and abundant dish. I can see what it is popular but think that better pastas can be had at a number of restaurants in Charlotte.  Overall, we had a good experience. It definitely suffered from our high expectations, but I would not rank this as Charlotte's best restaurant largely due to my feeling that it wasn't very innovative, the lamb could have been prepared a little better and the rigatoni was just a decadent but not necessarily tasty dish.
4	Small cute place with excellent food: I liked every item I had which doesn't happen very often. I wouldn't wait for a special ocassion--perfect for a nice date night. Being a comforted by food person, this did the trick when we most needed it. 4.5 stars Food: 4.5, service: 4, atmosphere: 4.3 Cost to worth it rating: 4 (starters around $10, entrees ~$30, desserts $9) Return worthiness: yes Highlights: - Scallops: 4 large ones seared and cooked perfectly on top of creamy grits. Orange marinated fennel and sauce introduced a citrus flavor that added to the layers of the dish yet didn't overpower it. - Tomato soup: delightfully fresh, highlighting natural tomato sweetness, topped with chiffonades of basil, and for a southern twist fried mozzarella balls. Amusement point was the presentation: with the 2 balls for eyes and olive oil half arch below, it looked like a smiley face. Hub and I shared and they split it into 2 bowls for us which was great since he had a bit if a cold. Heard from other tables you could get a half bowl as well. - Roasted garlic: loved the cloves sitting on the table. Tender and mellow enough to spread on warm sliced bread: perfect start to a meal. - Pumpkin waffle with maple ice cream: festive fall dessert and presentation with berries scattered all around. Chose it for the waffle which was great, but star was that house made maple ice cream: bursting with sweet maple flavor with a creamy texture. - Wine list: heavy on great napa/sonoma ones so of course we approved ;-) - Atmosphere: small comfortable dining room. Upscale refined food but no stuffiness came along with it which is my favorite combo. Saloon doors to the restroom amused me. - Service: wait staff knew their dishes and explained them in detailLowlights: - Not on opentable.com: my preferred way to make reservations and usually just go to places that have that option. Had to make the hub call to reserve.Lovely spot with food that didn't disappoint. Reminded me of one of my faves Nick's back home and will be back if get a chance.
1	My wife and I came to Charlotte for a nice dinner at Barrington's but we were extremely disappointed especially with the service.  The food was good but my wife's duck was not prepared as she asked and when we were finally able to get the attention of our server she said that she put the order in for the duck to be medium taking no responsibility for how the duck was prepared and served.  I have had better service at the Waffle House.  In addition the wine was served by over filling the glasses so that she would not have properly attend to our table.   Attention to detail is what makes a good restaurant great.  Barrington's has a ways to go when it comes to service and attention to detail.  I do not recommend this restaurant if you want a great meal and with great  service as we had expected.   In sum, the food would be good if prepared as asked but the service is well bellow what one would expect for a restaurant of this caliber.
4	The food was great and the service was excellent. The bad reviews on service were not even close to true on our visit.
4	This was just a fabulous restaurant - very intimiate - wonderful menu selection - great service - and just an overall great experience - strongly recommend listening to the staff  - they have great recommendations and great insight
1	I can't comment on the food because we never made it that far unfortunately. Me and husband had gotten a babysitter (4 kids) and was so looking forward to going out to a restaurant that we hadn't eaten at before but when we arrived a lady explained that we didn't have reservations. I told her that I had made reservations on their web site (not open table or the like--but their reservation web site) but hadn't recieved any confirmation or e-mail that they were booked. I had gotten a little concerned a couple days before because I hadn't heard anything so I went in again and commented that I'd like a phone call or e-mail to confirm or deny but nothing again so we showed up hoping it was okay---the place had 2 people sitting in it at 6pm (our reservation time) and she said that they couldn't accomodate--even though there was 20 some tables empty--we were very upset by the lack of service and understanding--we love to eat out and do it quite often but will never go here again---Ruth's Chris down the road was very accomodating and the food was delicious!!!
5	Great restaurant, cosy but I'm used to that being from England. Food is excellent, nice focused menu, fresh ingredients and nice wines. Good blend of Mediterranean cuisine with noticable, French, Spanish, Maltese and Italian influences. If you like Barringtons it's also worth visiting their sister restaurant 'Good Food' over on Montford for a little Tapas.
5	An absolutely great dinner experience. I went here with coworkers due to other yelp reviews . I got the gnochi and requested to have sausage with it as well. it was absolutely delicious. Also, one of my coworkers is a vegetarian and he wasn't too happy with the vegetarian items on the menu. After a brief talk with the waitress, she came back letting us know that the chef will put together a special vegetarian dish for him. This level of dedication to the customer was a big big bonus.
4	I chose this restaurant based off its Yelp reviews.  Wow, they were not kidding about this place being small!  I think my living room is bigger.  In total, there were only 9 groups in the entire place and they were at capacity and we were less than a foot away from the group dining next to us (who were rather uppity and kept looking at us as if we were intruding on their dining experience by sitting near them) so I understand why they require reservations.   I would say the average age of the people dining was around 50-60+.  I felt a little young being there, but I wasn't treated that way by the staff, it was more from the patrons, who I think were a little full of themselves (most had that 'I'm SO important' vibe going on.)  I did not get the pretentious air at all from the staff that I was expecting while I was at the restaurant, but I did while making the reservation (don't contact them online or leave a message, they don't call you back and the people on the phone aren't very pleasant -they were even snippy when we called to confirm the reservation).  I had the shrimp with the cole slaw and corn bread for an appetizer.  While it sounds like an odd mix, I was actually sad when I finished it.  I don't even like cole slaw and I was tempted to start licking my plate just to get the last parts that I couldn't pick up with my fork.  For my main course I had the chicken with spinach and mashed potatoes.  Yum. Yum. Yum.  Everything had so much flavor and tasted fresh.  All of us at the table ordered something different and every serving was met with mmm's to near moaning so I think my entire party was pleased with their meal. The food is excellent and the portions are large (the mussels appetizer could be a meal) so you aren't left feeling hungry and bitter and when the $$$ check shows up.  We never felt rushed and the evening was very relaxing and pleasant.  We even got to meet the chef/owner Bruce, who is very friendly, which was an added plus.
3	Despite the wonderful and top notch food, I doubt we will be back.  The service was ok, when I asked for my mixed green salad without turnips the waitress challenged me that I should get them.  I politely re-requested that my salad be served the way I requested.  We were rushed to order entrees along with our bottle of  wine.  Seemed like they were in a rush to turn over our table which they were success at since we were out in an hour.  Now we choose to go elsewhere for dessert since the noise level in the restaurant was so high I couldn't hear my husband talk.  I can't fault the chef, the food was wonderful but when I go out for a quality dinner, I don't want to be rushed and I would like to hear the conversation of those I am with.  Lots of other options in charlotte.
5	I have been a loyal customer since Barrington's opened. The food is always exceptional and the service attentive and cordial. I will always recommend Barrington's to anyone seeking a special dinner out.
4	Hubby and I really enjoyed this place. We will definately be going back. The menu looks rather limited, but everything we ordered was amazing. I got the Flounder and it was heaven. The quinoa preperation was the BEST I have ever tasted and I am desperately trying to replicate it at home.
5	Probably the best all around restaurant in Charlotte. Can't go wrong with anything. Reasonable wine list as well.
5	Barrington's is one of my all time favorites. The staff is great - front of the house and back. Although Barrington's is really expensive (face it) it is worth every penny. The food is exceptional, drinks well prepared, service is very good. I love the pastas - homemade tagliatelle and rigatoni. The PEI mussels are wonderful. Everything is good. The environment is very intimate, very special. There are no inexpensive wines by glass but the wbg they do offer is very good. If you are solo, sit at the bar - you'll have a very nice experience.
5	Have only been once so far but it was wonderful.  The restaurant is very intimate, and if I remember correctly, it only has twelve tables.  I made reservations a few weeks in advance just because my schedule is annoyingly tight right now.  Turns out I was lucky as I have heard it can be hard to get if you wait until the last minute.The service was essentially perfect, they were attentive and knowledgeable without being intrusive. The pricing wasn't excessive in my opinion and was in line with what I would expect to pay for a very nice dinner out.  If I was going to compare it another restaurant in town it would be Bon Terra, but the intimate setting makes for a different experience here.I won't go on and on about the food and will just say that we both loved it.  Everything we ordered was better than we expected it to be.  I had the foie gras, the osso bucco, and the re-imagined coconut cream pie.I would highly recommend this place to my friends and family or anyone looking for a nice place to take a date.  I will definitely be back soon.
4	I really enjoyed Barrington's the only time I've visited. The dining room is TINY to say the least and you obviously must have a reservation. My date and I brought our own bottle of wine, which was decanted and gladly served by our server. My date complained a bit that he thought our server was a tad too stuffy but I personally think he was just being picky. From what I remember, the food was pretty excellent and the ambiance was very nice and romantic. This would probably not be the place to go wearing your casual duds. I wore a dress while my date wore a jacket and slacks. I had heard people rave about this restaurant but I would like to go back just one more time to get the full effect. Barrington's almost reminded me of Passion8 Bistro down in South Carolina, although, I would prefer to return to Passion8 Bistro because of their awesome food.I think Barrington's is a great restaurant for a special date night because of it's quiet and quaint atmosphere and attentive service. The experience will definitely leave you feeling pampered... and the money you spend will be relative to that treatment. But totally worth it for that special occasion!
5	The mussels appetizer is one of the best appetizers in Charlotte.
3	Our expectations were high, and we were dissapointed. $200 meal which wasn't worth the money. Don't get me wrong, we liked the atmosphere, our server was very attentive, the corn soup with lobster was very, very good. But the Pork chop was average, and the Halibut - while good - wasn't worth $33. I'd go to Passion 8 in Fort Mill over Barrington's in a heart beat.
4	3 foodies, spent ~$320 (including tip) - expensive but delicious!Our menu - 1 bottle of wine - Honig Cab Sav for $701 glass of wine - same as above1 order corn soup - amazing and our favorite, must must try1 beet salad1 tagliatelle pasta - also super yummy1 scallop dish with quinoa, polenta, refreshing delicious sauce1 grouper with crab marscapone and tomoatos1 pounded pork chop with marsala wine reduction (fav main of the 3)1 chocolate peanut butter cake with side of vanilla bean icecreamGreat service and every dish is yum, with some dishes extraordinary from a foodie perspective.
5	The wife and I visited Barrington's for our first anniversary dinner.  I cannot say enough good things about our experience.  While this is not the sort of location you dine at while on a budget, I can say with complete confidence that it is worth every penny.There are a lot of high end eateries in town that feel that they are expensive simply to be expensive, while the food may be good, the staff may be well trained, with ambiance well appointed, they still sometimes feel like they are trying to recreate something else.  Barrington's is not one of these restaurants.Our appetizers were excellent.  The beverages were poured and priced appropriately.  Our entrees were astronomical.  Erin had the bacon wrapped trout, a real treat, while I opted for their special - essentially lamb two ways (chop & cheek) - it turned out to be one of the best dishes I have ever ordered at a restaurant.Service was top notch.  Our server, noticing Erin was pregnant pre-empted any concerns by pointing out that what we ordered was baby friendly.   They are knowledgeable, not pushy, friendly and quick.  Woody was our server, I will request him in the future.The bottom line - if you are looking for a change of pace, something that will challenge you to try something different, but still comfortable, a place which will exceed expectations, which knows what they are doing and focuses on doing it 110% every time, I highly recommend you dine with the crew at Barrington's.Call ahead, do not expect seating to be available on the weekends without a reservation, you may be able to sit at the bar but a meal like this deserves a table.Bon apetite!
4	Went to Barrington's on Christmas Eve and were seated right away.  The only negative from the experience was that they only had two waiters for the whole dining room. Enough said on that.We were told that Chef Bruce (the owner) was cooking this night so our expectations went high.The Celery Root & Chestnut Soup was an experience in itself.  Loved it.  My Father in-law got the Hudson Valley Foie Gras with Pumpkin Seed Baklava and he loved it.  The presentation was something I had never seen before.For the main course, our table got the Pan Seared Red Grouper, the Berkshire Pork Chop and the Bacon Wrapped Pan Seared Trout.  All great dishes and made to perfection. My son tore through the trout like it was a hamburger and asked for some of my Grouper.  The deserts were just as good.I'd go there again as I have been here before.  The only note I can give is if you can find out if Chef Bruce is cooking on the night of your reservation, go.  If not, it could be hit or miss as we have had poorly cooked food here once before when he wasn't behind the stove.
5	We happened to be driving by in a thunderstorm, and it hit just in time. We walked in without a reservation right upon opening and were seated right away. Barrington's Restaurant is quaint, and romantic--perfect for our evening together. I'm going to assume the kitchen staff did not know any customers were in the restaurant cause some of the language coming out of there really should not be heard in such a setting but I let it slide. The food was so good. I just ordered appetizers. My husband enjoyed his cut of beef. We each had a nice glass of wine and it was a great evening. Highly recommend for date night!
5	Since Barrington's is very small, we made reservations a couple of weeks in advance for a Saturday night at 8:00 p.m.  I entered our preferred date/time on their website, and they called me back the next day to confirm.We arrived around 7:15 to have a drink at the bar, which seats maybe 7-8 people.  Luckily, there was room, but it took quite awhile to put in our drink order because the woman who was making drinks also seemed to be the hostess and food runner.  The check-in process there has always seemed a little chaotic to me, maybe even more so because it's such a tiny waiting area?  The drinks - a dirty martini and an espresso martini - were small but solid.We skipped an appetizer and went right for entrees after we were (fortunately) seated in a booth in the back corner.  As others have said, the seating is tight.  Our waitress was very fun and laid-back, which I appreciate in a "fancy" place.  I got the pork chop ($32) medium rare, and it came out... medium rare!  I'm pretty sure this is only the second time a restaurant has ever cooked my pork chop correctly.  I think they get scared and err on the side of medium.  I also appreciated that it came out already sliced in medallions because I'm dangerous with a sharp knife and meat on a bone.My fella couldn't decide between the flounder and the grouper, and our waitress said to go with the flounder ($35) hands down.  I appreciate a waitress with an opinion!  I'm not a fish-eater, but he said it was delicious, so I'll trust his judgment.  All in all, a great experience... I like a little more elbow room, but I'll deal with the "intimacy" to get a great meal!
4	Dined here twice, food was excellent both tims.  This is definitely one of the better fine dining establishments in CLT, although it's sorta the place where you might run into your grandparents - yeah, it's got that formal "tie and sweater vest" kind of vibe, which is great when you're in the mood for that type of occasion, otherwise you might find yourself nodding off between dishes.The food is definitely the highlight here - top notch all the way... never had a dish that I didn't like.  Don't overlook the pasta either - these are like house specialties and are darn good.The only reason I dinged this place 1 star is because of their wine list.  When you go to a fine dining place like this, with food as good as advertised, you need a proper wine list to go with it.  Sorry to say that most of the wines were just not a match for the food... half of them could be found in Harris Teeter and it was just an oddball list for this place.  Kind of like a 1985 Camaro set alongside a group of Bentleys... in a place that defines elegant dining in CLT, the wine list is obnoxious.
4	Went here for a special occasion, and was excepting to hold it in the same regard as McNinch house and other amazing places in Charlotte. Barringtons was a really good meal, but not quite the excellent meal I was excepting.  The food seemed to be hit or miss, depending upon the order (foie gras was outstanding, salad was sub-par). Wait-staff was okay, but not the super-professional crew I was excepting. Overall, this place was good, but, when excepting the best, it fell a little short.
5	Had a big night out here with my favorite clients.We had a great night.From the wine to the apps to the main courses we were all very happy.Great service in a very nice casual upscale setting.Desserts were very creative along side some tasty coffee!One of the best high end eateries in Charlotte in my humble opinion.
2	Must have been an off night. My app was a tad fishy, duck and veal main courses looked the same and were mixed up on presentation. Food was slow to be delivered in general. Sides came after we finished meal. Spinach side was a little bitter. Veal was tough. Presentation was nice. Staff friendly. Desserts were fabulous and comped.  All's well that ends well.
4	This restaurant was highly recommended in almost everything we read including best restaurant in NC so of course we had to go check it out.  Reservations only.  Very small and comparable to "How to Cook a Wolf" (size wise) in Seattle.  Quaint, cute and romantic.  I was told they have the best gnocchi in the country.  I've tried lots of gnocchi in my time, but not enough to say it's the best.  I will say the sauce was dynamite.  Spectacular.  It's remained on their menu for the 13 years they've been around so obviously they have it right.The bread -- was delicious, but I noticed the tables next to us all got 2 pieces each and we only got one.  I was the only nonwhite person in the restaurant and I hope that's not the reason why.  Then again we were in the south.  I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and hope maybe they were just low at the time.  The foie gras was not the best ever, but the presentation and the flavors were well prepared and tasty.  I had a mahi mahi with mango puree for my main dish and it was right up my alley!  A Caribbean kick with a tangy sweet balance from the mango.  Delicious and fresh.  My friend loved the dessert which was a extra gewy cinnamon roll in a iron cast dish.  I found it to be dry on the outside but I was told it was very most inside and was good.  My cappuccino was burnt.  I was disappointed but didn't complain about it.  I figured they do things differently down there and maybe my expectations probably exceeded most coming from the northwest.  I just graciously smiled and fudged a little to the waiter about it being good.The restrooms were very clean.
5	Went here on a Thursday night at the last minute. We don't get to go out much so wanted to try someplace special. We were blown away by Barrington's and can't wait to go again. For our first course, I had the mediterranean salad and my wife had the poached pear on argula. Both were simply incredible for many reasons. First, for the creativity and composition of the ingredients such as falafel, hummus, tzaziki, etc. Second, for the quality, freshness and taste, Third, for the presentation and display. Our entrees raised the bar even higher. I had the grilled swordfish which came on a bed of capellini. My wife had the pork tenderloin on a sweet potato mash with asparagus. The flavors of both dishes had subtle spices as the hint of chipotle in the pork bbq sauce.For dessert, we split a granny smith apple cobbler topped by a scoop of their homemade vanilla ice cream. It was not too sweet or tart and was the perfect ending to the meal.
5	When my good friend notified me that Bruce Moffet had recently been recognized as one of the best chefs in Charlotte on the cover of Creative Loafing this month, we just had to eat here.  So we made reservations for 7:00 PM yesterday evening for dinner.  The place was completely full on a Wednesday night if that tells you anything.  You see my good friend and I worked for Bruce in his early restaurant days at Pizza Villa over 20 years ago and were shocked to hear that he bought the place 18 years ago and was recognized as having some of the best food Charlotte has to offer!!  Where does the time go?  Anyway - I had the Pecan crusted pork tenderloin and my friend had the Braised Beef Short Ribs.  He also had the Arugula salad with bleu cheese and we each had the French Onion soup.  All of it was outrageously delicious and we will definitely be returning for a future special occasion.  You will not be disappointed should you choose to visit Barrington's!
5	WOW! All I can say is WOW! Up till now, Zebra was the best restaurant in Charlotte that I ate at. Now, it's Barrington's! My best friends were visiting from TN, and I wanted to treat them for their Birthdays (There were 3 of them visiting). I knew it wouldn't be cheap but what the heck....you only live once, right?Now understand that me and my group of friends are real "foodies." We've had the fortune at eating at some of the best restaurants in the country. Not bragging, just giving some context here. So we typically go "all out" when possible, and given the special nature of this night, we certainly went "all out."So, to start the dinner off, we ordered the French Onion soup AND TWO pasta dishes since I read that they are famous for their pasta. This was basically "for the table" (i.e., we made it family style). My GOD. The French Onion soup was nothing like I've ever had before. Obviously reconstructed to a fine, modern twist. It didn't have your regular "toasty cheese" on top. Oh no.....it had a fine "cheese FOAM" in the center which was like a rich, cheesy sour cream but way better. The Onions were sweet and savory. Just about the best I've ever had! The pasta? IF you ever come here, you've GOT to order the gnocchi! It was freakin phenomenal! Don't know how else to say it. It had fresh parmesan, braised veal and porcini mushrooms which was layered with elegant yet powerful flavors. That sounds contradictory......you get the picture. It was GREAT!As if the pasta and soup weren't enough, we also added the Foie Gras. I mean, how could you NOT order Foie Gras if it's on the menu! It was wrapped in Prosciutto, over a homemade fig bar surrounded by a blackberry sauce. Again, RIDICULOUSLY good!We're basically full at this point. BUT we've GOT to brave more food! So we got the Ashley Farms chicken, the Crispy Duck and the Beef Short Ribs. Again, WOW! My gourmand buddies BOTH said that it was the BEST duck they've ever had! And I assure you that we've eaten LOTS of little duckies in our lived. This one had to be brinned for days as it was UBER moist......practically melt in your mouth. Yet he kept the skin crispy. That my friends takes great cooking technique. Same with the chicken. The skin was the best part...you can see the bird was pressed down to ensure even cooking while getting the skin very crispy. Some of the best chicken I've ever had, and probably THE BEST my friend had. The shortribs were also delicious. Not the best I've ever had (that goes to Roy's out West), but certainly the best in Charlotte! Oh and just for you know what and giggles, we ordered all 3 of the side dishes: Truffle Mashed potatoes, Garlic Spinach and Roasted Mushroom. Verdict for the main courses and sides? Just incredible!Now we're WAY overstuffed. So we get dessert. Why not? We do "cut back" and only order 2 desserts (but 3 portions). My friends all got the warm chocolate pudding cake. This title is misleading......it's more like a souffle, a flour-less one! Everything is made in house, including their ice cream. This was a decadent dish, a dream for chocolate lovers. I got the warm cinnamon bun, with some of THE BEST ice cream I've ever had....a brown butter pecan ice cream. We all suggested to the waitress that the Chef sell this in the grocery stores. It was uber yummy! All over a CARAMEL drizzled bun.Now, here's what I think many people overlook. While the did have a decent and affordable wine list, my group and I are REAL oenophiles. Not snobs by any means, just true wine lovers. So I did some research and found out that Barrington's only charges a $20.00 corkage fee. This is VERY low for a high quality dining establishment. So I brought 3 very special wines from my cellar, and figured at $20/bottle, so $60.00 total for 3 wines that could have totaled $2000.00 in some restaurants (I told you we went all out). So I thought that was a steal. When I got the bill (yes, I paid!) I saw that they only charged me $20 for ALL the wine I brought! Again, WOW!Finally, I was STUNNED by the final bill. Here we go "all out" and I was thinking maybe $500.00 or something for the FOUR of us. But no, It was under $300.00. Not cheap by any means. BUT keep in mind that we ordered 3 appetizers, 2 full pasta dishes (which are entrees), 4 other entrees, all 3 sides, and 3 desserts. That my friends is a LOT of food. For under $300? For 4 people? I mean, you couldn't possibly order more food. This was a food lovers paradise and the bill was incredibly reasonable!Out in Las Vegas this mean would have been $1000.00+!!! I can NOT believe at how reasonable the prices are in this restaurant. Again, please keep in mind that this is a FINE DINING establishment! So when I say "reasonable" I'm comparing it to other restaurants of similar quality. From that perspective, it's a STEAL!Both my best male friends said it was THE BEST MEAL of their lives. It was in my Top 5 for sure.That is a TREMENDOUS compliment to the Chef and this restaurant.
5	Everything I've ever had here is fantastic. Take your significant other here for a special occasion.
3	Meh.  That's how my wife and I would explain Barrington's as we came here after much hype for our anniversary dinner.  The waiter wanted to hang out and be our bud, the atmosphere made you feel like you were in a strip mall sans the white tablecloth, and the food was very good.  Overall definitely not worth the price for us.
5	Always a great meal.  The menu changes seasonally, mostly, some of the classics don't change thankfully.  It is a very small dining room and books up quickly so call for a table in advance.  It is consistently good food and service.
3	We went to Barrington's for our wedding anniversary on a Wednesday night. It looked like a Geritol fest in the restaurant. We wanted to split an entree but the server said they had European sized portions - I ate 1/4 of my lamb. The carrot cheesecake desert was not good - we ate 2 bites and were not offered a refund or substitution. Never again. What a waste of money.
5	Great food, great staff. Have to reserve in advance. Small and romantic getaway. Have had a couple of issues getting in at times so reserve at least a week or 2 in advance and you should be good.
5	this place never disappoints me. Tough to get in, reservations are a must but always delicious.
4	First of all, let me say that everything was really good on our first visit to Barrington's. All of the accolades fit and are justified but I really can't give them 5 stars. Our friends had been there on a few occasions and he had set up the reservations for the 4 of us. I had heard that it was a small restaurant but was still shocked at how compact the dining area and bar were. Overall the service was good and knowledgeable with the menu, even if we got off to a slow start with drinks and ordering. We certainly did not feel rushed. I started with a potato leek soup, which was packed with a lot of flavor and delicious. The wife had a salad and it was alright, nothing spectacular she said. We both chose the Arctic char, which had a nice presentation but again nothing spectacular to the point that I would order something else next time. Others at the table chose the mussels and fois gras as appetizers. The mussels also had great flavor and I would highly recommend. The fois gras, for me, was not enjoyable on this occasion but then again while I like it, it's not something that I would order regularly. The other mains chosen were the duck and a pasta if I remember correctly but can't remember which one. I recall the pasta being good and the duck being very good having just tasted a little bit of each.What really blew me and the whole party away was the desserts. We ordered 3 with the berry rhubarb cobbler being by far my favorite. They really nailed it on the desserts, which usually I don't even order but glad that I did on this occasion. We even had a little excitement when the table next to us set some paper from a birthday card on fire and we were thinking that we would have to evacuate. The flames were quickly put out and we resumed eating as the smoke cleared.Barrington's is definitely a good restaurant for a special occasion and I would return to try other dishes.
3	The service was really disappointing - this cast a shadow on our whole experience. The person answering the phones was less than friendly when we called to make a reservation. Our waitress was not attentive... We waited over 30 min to order drinks and then waited again to order our meal. The food was good ( not great). There are certainly  better  options in Charlotte in our opinion.
3	Agree with Jennifer the service was a big disappointment. The food was good. Presentation was nice. My Sirloin came out a bit on the medium side. I ordered medium rare. The highlight was the dessert.... Oh. Wine list is eh! Oh... So I should lower this rating. I guess a candle request was put in before we came.. It's my birthday and it didn't show.. Guess special requests should be confirmed. :(  no candle...
1	we were so disappointed to not have eaten at your restaurant, .we have always been your biggest fans, spreading the word to who ever would listen. we had a reservation 6 days ago. we were seated at the 1/2 a table(2top) in the window. we were sandwiched between to parties and requested any other table or even the bar. manager never came back to tell us that all were reserved for others. what about our reservation? this table is not suitable for anyone., why don't you try it sometime? needless to say, we did not stay.
5	Words can't express how great it was.  Food, flavor, presentation, service and atmosphere was off the charts.
