5	New pan-Asian on Gilman just off State Street, in the location of the old Yummy Buffet.  Small restaurant offering live seafood from a tank and a wide menu of Chinese, Thai, and Japanese dishes, and featuring an interesting-sounding list of Szechuan specialties:  if you're on State Street and hankering for pig ears, pig blood, or pig stomach, Fugu is your best and only bet.  Stopped in here for lunch a little after 1pm and found the place almost empty.  Ordered the lunch box with shrimp in Szechuan sauce.  The accompaniments were pretty standard -- a small spring roll, a small salad with standard Japanese-restaurant dressing, a few hunks of fruit.  The main dish itself, though, was great, asserting itself with a nice complex spiciness, not overwhelming heat or overwhelming grease.  I'll be coming back for dinner to try some of the Szechuan specialties (maybe not pig blood.)Update:  had another lunch here and ordered the cured meat with green beans off the Chef's Specialties list (pictured above.)  This was terrific -- the beans dry-cooked until wrinkly but still rich, moist, and flavorful, and just enough pork to give the whole dish a luxurious feel.  On the strength of this dish I'm declaring Fugu the best Chinese restaurant in Madison (admittedly against weak competition now that China Palace is gone) and upping my rating to five stars.  Fugu is a bit more expensive than the average Chinese place; dinner entrees are $12-19 (and rice is $1 extra), and the lunch specials are $7.50 - 8.50.
4	Went here for dinner on a Sunday night because Hong Kong Wok closes at 6pm.  Upon entering, it looks a lot more appealing than from the outside of the restaurant.I went with a roommate and we shared three dishes: twice cooked pork ($13), ma po tofu ($11), and chicken with Sichuan sauce($9).  We both got orders of steamed rice, which cost an extra dollar per portion.The twice cooked pork had some sort of bacon-type meat which was enjoyable with the green onion and while hot but less so as it became cooler.  The tofu was excellent a generous spicy sauce that probably included numbing pepper.  And the chicken was tender and the vegetables cooked just right.  The rice was fresh.I definitely recommend Fugu if you're looking for spicy, well sauced Chinese/Szechuan dishes.  All the dishes were made to order and came out hot and delicious, though more expensive than your typically-priced Chinese dishes.  The service is also quite nice.  Next time I'll have to try some of their other ethnic cuisines.A 15% gratuity was included, however, but I did not considering how good the food and polite the staff were.
4	My coworker and I found this on Yelp while in town on a client trip. I had been specifically looking for a great Thai option. We have some thai in Iowa City (one pretty good one) but I figured there'd be something outstanding in Madison. We were not disappointed. I have eaten thai from sea to shining sea and I honestly thing\k the masaman sauce here was the best I have ever had. Modest interior - nice/chintzy-casual, accessible and obviously in a student area. Coldplay's latest album rotated twice while we were there which added to the experience for me. Good prices. And, again, really really good. I left with the "thai glow." :-)
4	Food was indeed authentic Asian food. Taste was pretty good as well. A little bit on the expensive side, but still one of the better Asian restaurants in town.
5	I went here for lunch with a couple of friends.  First of all, I must agree with Lan that the space is MUCH more appealing than you would guess from outside, and the restrooms deserve a special note of their own--single occupant and I'm not kidding, they are beautifully decorated.  The overall ambiance was very nice.For the meal, we shared the steamed dumplings and my friends had Sichuan dishes with pork and tofu, respectively, while I had the Thai basil noodles with chicken.  Madison is sadly lacking in Chinese food, but I would say we finally have a decent place in town for at least some traditional specialties.  The Sichuan menu items are appropriately spicy and my friends liked them a lot.  My Thai basil noodles with chicken were DELICIOUS.  My only complaint is that the sauce was a bit overly greasy, which one friend said was also an issue with his spicy garlic sauce, but it wasn't overwhelmingly so and we agreed that in both dishes, the flavor was still very good.The steamed dumplings were serviceable although not particularly rave-worthy.  (Then again, their competition at the meal was fierce.)  The entree portions were large; I tend to pig out, but many people probably could have made two meals of them.We also had hot tea, which was promptly refilled by our waitress as we ate (admittedly it wasn't very busy at 11:45 or so when we were there).  I really like green tea, and the flavor of Fugu's house tea is lovely--a bit bolder than Takara's, I would say, which I also like, but not too strong to enjoy with a meal.I gave them $$ for price because many of the entrees are in the $10-15 range, but they have a lunch menu with a range of $8-10 specials.  Not at all expensive for the quantity and quality of the food, in my opinion.  You should note, however, that there is a $15 minimum for credit cards.
3	My family (2 adults and 2 kids) went there today for lunch. We ordered pork stomach with chili sauce, chicken lo-mein and lunch plate. We liked it and had pleasant experience. However, my food, pork stomach, was a bit greasy. It was a quiet day at lunch and the kids ate their lo-mein and hubby liked what's on the platter. However, we were disappointed that they no longer served dim-sum. After all these time, we have been waiting for a decent dim-sum place in Madison and Milwaukee area. Like previous reviewers, I was surprised to see the cute little bathroom in the back with cool Asian inspired decorations. I have mixed feelings about whether to go back there. We will definitely go back if they offer dim-sum again. Otherwise, I think we can find equally if not better Thai and Chinese restaurants in town.
5	Real Chinese food. The best. Anyone who like real Chinese.  should try Fugu out. Be care in Chinese when you order hot means hot, american is no where hot
2	I wish Fugu was more than it is.  It's not horrible, but it's not particularly good either.  I was there with a friend and I ordered pork and beancurd in a garlic sauce, which I know the name of in Chinese, but the translation they had on the menu is probably not the best.  The sauce wasn't particularly good.  It was spicy like it should be but too thick and gelatinous.  My dish was smothered in it and I couldn't really taste anything but the garlic sauce.  I think this is the same garlic sauce that they use in several of their dishes.  The pork and beancurd was more like a vehicle for mediocre sauce.  Growing up in LA though, I may be spoiled by my idea of good Chinese food and this doesn't even begin to compare with the myriad of options in LA.  If you're used to LA's options, this is not the place for you.
4	4 stars for one of two most authentic Chinese restaurants in town!4 stars for the only Chinese restaurant specializing in Sezchuan foods.5 stars for the o-so-spicy-it-makes-your-mouth-drooling-and-your-eyes-teary spicy fried chicken (other recommended menu includes tofu and mushroom in white sauce, spicy dandan noodle, and spicy wonton)3 stars for the fish with spicy sauce, cold tripe/tendon.3 stars for the relatively expensive price
4	The sichuan food is excellent. We ordered dan dan noodles, fried fish with peppers, and homestyle beef. The dan dan noodles were okay, but unremarkable. The fish, however, was amazing. It was perfectly cooked and the dried and Sichuan flower peppers are still making my stomach and tongue tingle. The beef had tons of peppers of different types; pickled, dried, flower, and more. This meal was certainly delicious and memorable.
5	I've heard good things about Fugu in the past, so I had very high expectations. Luckily, these were met! The atmosphere of the restaurant is great. Aromas of great food permeate the atmosphere, which made me eager to try the food right away.The main item I tried was the pork stomach with hot chilis. It was definitely a different tasting item, rather greasy, but good. I can't remember what appetizer I had, but it also was great tasting, and I'm guessing it was authentic as well. Keep in mind that there are plenty of items on the menu that are more familiar, so it's not just animal entrails like the pork stomach. There's plenty of common items too.
3	Perhaps one mark of authenticity at Fugu is the fact that a lot of the menu will scare and confuse you. Blood intestine? Bean curd? I have yet to be adventurous enough to try one of these menu items. I instead try to settle on something that resembles your typical Chinese take-out, without going for anything too boring.I always start a meal here with the spring rolls. They're cooked to a perfect texture, with a thin, crispy outer shell that crunches like a potato chip, and a soft vegetable-filled mush inside. They taste a little bland, but that's easily offset by the great sweet-and-sour sauce served on the side with the spring rolls.I highly recommend the beef with ginger and scallions as an entree. Whereas most Asian places will overload a dish with vegetables in order to save money on the meat, Fugu has done the exact opposite. I almost missed the vegetables, but the meat is too good for me to care. It's cooked so perfectly, to the point where it practically melts in your mouth. You'll find meat like this in all their beef dishes as well.On a different occasion, though, I decided to get the fried shredded beef in hot chili sauce, and wasn't as impressed. Once again, the beef was a perfectly-cooked blend of fat and meat that made it taste and feel like beef and butter had a baby. It was cut into thick strips which could hardly be called "shredded," but that was probably for the best. The sauce and spices surrounding the beef, on the other hand, weren't too good. I was warned that the dish was going to be very spicy, but I certainly wasn't expecting to be served a dish that was almost half comprised of chili peppers and ginger. Most of the dish wasn't even edible!If you do decide to get something simple like the chicken lo mein, you'll be pleased with it. I didn't get anything that goes above and beyond all expectations, but honestly, I don't even know how you could do so with something like chicken lo mein. The lo mein was soft and buttery, with a simple and traditional blend of add-ins. The chicken was good, but nothing special. All in all, it's certainly better than take-out.The prices here are slightly higher than normal, but you do get a noticeable step up in quality that justifies it. Furthermore, the portions are huge. Unless you plan on taking home leftovers, you should probably just buy one entree per two people.The service is consistently a problem.  It is somewhat slow, even when the restaurant is empty. Requests for things like condiments are often ignored or unanswered for long periods of time. This is due in part to the fact that most of Fugu's staff has very poor English. It's very irritating that I can't have menu items explained to me because myself and the waiter can't even understand one another. You can put whoever you want in your kitchen, but it's unacceptable to put out a wait staff that can't communicate with the customers.
4	My friend and I went here for dinner just to check it out and were surprised at just how good it was, wow!The menu is adventurous, but there are plenty of options of the typical Chinese foods!The restaurant was PACKED with people but we didn't have to wait longer than 15 minutes. Inside is dimly lit for a good dinner ambiance and there are big tables in the middle for groups.I definitely suggest you go with at LEAST 3 people. Everything on the menu is made to be shared (comes on a plate with a spoon/fork, and you get little plates to serve yourself) and therefore has large portions.Overall, awesome! Will be going back again, hopefully with a big group! :D
4	The best authentic Sichuan cuisine in probably all of Wisconsin. For its specialties, this place compares favorably to Sichuan restaurants I've been to on both coasts and in Chicago. My main criticism and the reason for 4 rather than 5 stars is the relatively expensive prices. I guess Madison is not Chinatown, and a Gilman location is pretty expensive real estate. What is missed in value is made up for in the atmosphere--this is a new-school Asian joint, which means campy not tacky, clean not dirty, and lively but not a zoo.Get the cold dish duo of ox tongue and tripe, it is a Sichuan classic. Their lamb dishes are very good, too.
4	I had the Kung Pao Chicken, Dan dan noodles and the spring rolls. I loved everything. The kung pao had big pieces of chicken, peppers, zuchini, onions and bamboo shoots with a thick rich brown spicy sauce. The spring rolls were delivered still-hot and were great. Fried to a crisp and the sweet and sour was excellent. I ordered the dan dan noodles because a Chinese friend of mine used to make them for us  at his dinner parties. This came as a huge portion (as was the entree). Thin square noodles covered with ground pork sauce. Hot and tangy in a way its hard to describe, but delicious. I will definitely have their food again and maybe explore some of the more adventurous menu items.
5	Went there last night for a birthday celebration and although the waitress and I had a bit of trouble understanding each other, it all ended up resolving itself!Food = DELICIOUS!Just be careful with the Wonton Soup. It says $1.75 and I assumed that was for a bowl (which as I had recalled from the first time was enough for 3 people) - it's actually per person. So for 6 people I ended up paying like $10.50, unexpected indeed!but the Crab Rangoon was the best I've ever had :Dand their Lo Mein and Fried Rice (an American eater's Chinese staples) are the best I've ever had, hands down.All their meats are also tender, well cooked, and yummy. Oh, and this is one place where when there's a chili pepper next to the food on the menu, be sure there will be a bite to the dish :P they don't mess around with that stuff!GO! DO IT NOW!Oh, I suggest you practice your chopstick skills :P no Western utensils (tho I'm sure you could ask for some)
3	I stopped by Fugu once for some take out this past fall based on its stellar Yelp reviews.  Unfortunately my expectations were not met.  The food wasn't bad, but just standard, and the prices were high for the quality.  I may try Fugu again and order a different dish, but I hope it's not more expensive than it is worth!
4	Food here is excellent.  Like a previous reviewer noted, where there is a red pepper on the menu, the dish is spicy.  Not too spicy to enjoy, mind you, but you'll want lots of water.  The only real knock against this place is the service.  Everyone is nice enough but very slow and hard to get wait staff's attention for something.  Relatedly, it is very crowded on weekend nights.  But really worth it for the delicious cuisine.
4	A group of friends and I came here after a day of snowboarding craving some spicy food. This place is by far the most authentic Szechuan restaurant I've been to. I'm not joking, Fugu would seriously destroy other Chinese restaurants if they decide to move to Chicago Chinatown. We ordered 2 cold appetizers and 5 entrees for 5 of us. I'm not sure if the waiting was truly long,  or we just felt like it because we were in a room full of spicy aroma. But once they started serving the dishes, it was really fast, we had all our 7 plates in 10min. We started with two very traditional dishes, pepper shredded tripe and ox tongue and tripe, which I always use to test the authenticity of a Szechuan restaurant. Fugu definitely passed my test. Everyone suddenly stopped talking and quietly enjoyed the texture and the flavor. The house-special steamed lamb pot was really good and I also loved the crispy chili (haven't had it for years and I found it here!). I was a little bit disappointed with the poached beef, fish with pickled chili and spicy aromatic pig blood tofu. They were good, but they just didn't meet the high expectations I built up after the cold appetizers and first two dishes. I can't explain what was it, but there was something missing in their flavor, maybe it needs to a little bit more complexity of spicy and sour? The waiter was very friendly and he asked for our suggestions and even apologized for "letting us down" with some of the dishes. I gave Fugu a solid 4 stars and I will definitely revisit this place. If you love authentic Chinese food, Fugu is the place to go!
5	Oh Fugu, I used to HATE spicy food and now I'm falling in love with them. It's usually always crowded in Fugu, and most of their food are spicy. Here are what I usually order:Lamb CuminSpicy String BeanMapo TofuFried Crunchy Pork IntestineBraised Beef in Hot PotIf you're not used to spicy food at all, be seriously prepared. I cannot imagine how many pounds of chilies they order every day to cook their food.
5	Frankly amazing Chinese food place find in Madison.I have been to China several times and this is pretty much authentic-tasting. The MaPo Tofu is amazing as well as the Sichuan Eggplant. If you are looking for some good, real-as-China Sichuan cooking, try this place! Perhaps a little pricey for take-out Chinese but it is so worth it!
5	Try popcorn chicken,deep fried intestine and their spicy fish fillet,da bomb!!!!!
4	To a chinese like me, here is really a place that you can try authentic chinese food. I would like to put 5 star, but instead only 4 star because I hope the portion is a little more. We ordered some dishes from the "board" ( chef's special or today's special, I cant recall), it tastes NICE. Try it.
4	I liked it! One of the better places in Madison.
4	The sesame pancakes are amazing. Some of the best Chinese food I've had in a very long time. Love the spicy eggplant dish too.
4	Very tasty Asian food, but beware: the Chinese selections can be a little more authentic than more Americanized Chinese food.  It's certainly good, but it might not be exactly what you're used to.  Fairly good service, although ordering a whole fresh fish can take awhile to prepare.Overall, way better than most fake, greasy "Chinese" places in the area.
4	Very close to authentic Chinese food, but portion is not large, and a little overprice. Overall, a good place for Chinese food.
5	I ended up going twice in a week.  Interesting mix of Chinese-American and "real" Szechuan.  You get two menus, one of which is really large.  Huge variety of food to choose from.On the first visit, I went with a vegetarian friend and there were lots of options for her.  After reading reviews, we ordered the sesame pancakes, which were good, but they were like deep fried roti with sesame on them.  They didn't taste very Chinese-y but were tasty.  Greasy but tasty.We shared the Ma Po tofu and still didn't finish it all - really good dish - spicy (not too much) and a lot of flavor.On my second trip I ordered the Kung Pao chicken, recommended by another friend.  The waitress asked which one I wanted - there was an American-Chinese style and a Szechuan version.  I got the Szechuan version.  You know those red chili peppers in a lot of spicy Chinese dishes?  There were a ton and chopped up so if you don't like eating them (like me, I love them in the food for flavor but they give me massive heartburn), you have to pick out a lot of them.  The chicken was deliciously cooked - perfectly tender and also had slices of garlic and I think some ginger.  Of course, there was a generous supply of peanuts.They also have some interesting dishes like fried spicy intestines that I wanted to try but wimped out.
4	This was good Chinese food!  I visited with a big group and there was a "lazy susan", ya know those things that spin around so you can share easily.  It was great to be able to try many dishes.  The even have great curry!
4	wow, trying to find a restaurant in madison that is open after 10 with good food is insanely hard.  thank god for fugu (only open until 10:30, but at least we didn't feel completely rude coming in at 9:45).  i honestly didn't expect much from this place, but it turned out to be surprisingly yummy.  i could have passed on the veggie spring rolls, but the garlic eggplant dish i had was great.  it was one of those times you just keep eating and eating, even though you know you shouldn't..
5	I think this is the first time I had real asian food.  The decor is simple and they get to the point.  they serve it traditional asian style, you everyone shares from a bowl.  The food is tasty, and unique.  try it out!
5	Outstanding authentic Chinese in Madison. Had lunch with my family and was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Madison. Many Chinese dishes you can not find in a typical "Americanized" restaurant. High quality food and generous portions good for sharing. Keep in mind when the menu indicates spicey they mean it by Asian standards. Dumplings, chicken, fish and noodle dishes were all excellent. Highly recommended if you like authentic Chinese. I think other reviews with low ratings were expecting American chop suey type Chinese.
4	After all the talk I heard about bad Chinese food after coming to Madison, I was scared I was going to be SOL in terms of good food.  This place flips it on its head though.  We got Shredded Beef with Spicy Capsicum, pork shortribs, and some chicken hotpot.  All awesome, all spicy, and plenty of food for the four of us to go around.  Big enough space that you're not sitting on top of each other as well.
5	One of the best Chinese food resto I've had in the States. Not so oily. It also offers a wide variety of the dishes including hot pot and spicy noodles. Decent price that a college student like me can come a few times a week. The decoration and ambience is nice too. Just wish that they had more space because the waiting time is always like 15 mins before we can have the food.I'm surprised that Madison has such a good place.
5	The most authentic Chinese food in Madison! I have searched long and hard for the food I learned to love when I lived in China 10 years ago and Fugu delivers. Must haves are the spicy twice cooked sliced pork ( pork belly) and the sezchaun spicy wontons... Enjoy
4	Somehow I have lived a block and a half away from Fugu for three years and never tried it.  Something about the exterior (one prominent sign advising "No Public Restrooms" and two more warning of hidden cameras in operation) just turned me off.  That all changed yesterday when my wife and I finally gave it a try.  Oh my God-- absolutely delicious!  I'll get the bad out of the way first-- the restaurant was fairly crowded for 4:00 in the afternoon and only one waiter was working-- there were a lot of tables that hadn't been cleared and we waited about 10 minutes to be seated.  One of our water glasses was also less than clean.  But I don't even care because the food was A-MA-ZING.  I've been craving a decent hot and sour soup ever since I moved to Madison and they delivered.  The chicken with garlic sauce was perfect.  The waiter (who was extremely nice) warned me about how spicy the fried beef in chili sauce would be and he was right.  It was also delicious.   We've eaten there two days in a row now and will definitely be back.Edit: I'm downgrading this to four stars.  I've been back a number of times (mostly for takeout) and I'll definitely be going back, but it hasn't worked out to be a five-star performance.  Two main problems: 1) Consistency: Some things are really, really good and a great value.  Some things are less good (mongolian beef was tough, hunan beef didn't have much beef).  Some things that are often good are sometimes not good (hot and sour soup).  2) Service: Everyone is very nice, but the place just doesn't run well.  They need someone coordinating everything, because the service is slow and out of joint.
4	This is definitely the closest authentic Chinese restaurant in Madison, WI. Although it is kind of expensive, but the menu is good. I really like their Spicy Spring Bean.Definitely worthwhile to pay a visit while you are in Madison!
1	My friend received a recommendation from a colleague and we decided to try this place on a rainy afternoon. We were the only patrons for most of our meal which led to the waitress staring at us while we ate our food. I ordered pad thai and the waitress proceeded to question my choice and asked me more than once if I knew what it was. I was fairly insulted. My friend ordered king pao chicken and veggie potstickers. The food came quickly with the potstickers being first. The dumplings weren't steamed long enough and tasted raw. My lunch combo box with the pad thai included a spring roll that was 95 percent wrapper, a Japanese style salad that was very watery, orange slices that were the best part of the meal, and the main dish that was disgusting. The sauce on the noodles was incredibly sweet and there weren't any raw veggies to add texture. I couldn't eat most of it and I am not a picky eater.  I sure hope that people who go there have a much better experience than we did. I certainly will never return.
4	Authentic hot spicy Chinese food. Hot pot with dried chile is great. Good service.  Not your typical midwest Chinese food.  And to find this in Madison is more amazing.  Don't let the name throw you-- it was probably a Japanese restaurant in an earlier life--but now really Chinese.  Forget the Thai food that's also on the menu.
4	one of the best Chinese restaurant in Madison. But difficult to park. seldom go there now.
4	Fugu is a wonderful little restaurant right off of state street!  The name is a little deceiving because it makes me think of the Japanese delicacy, but it is actually a Chinese restaurant (that serves Thai food?..I swear I saw some thai dishes on their menu...). My friend and I walked into the restaurant around 11AM on a Wednesday morning, so we didn't experience the longer wait time that other reviewers mentioned. We were promptly and politely escorted to a booth, and given plenty of time to peruse the menu. For lunch, the regular menu is pretty pricey ($9+ per person), but they do have a lunch specials menu with a smaller selection of dishes for more reasonable prices ($7.99).  My friend and I ended up ordering the Kungpao chicken and Mapo tofu lunch specials to share. I want to say that the cuisine is mostly from Szechuan..because MAN they really know how to use their hot peppers. Personally, I thought the food was very authentic......Obviously, nothing is going to beat the Chinese food from back at home, but I think Fugu comes close!Now that I've found my go-to Chinese restaurant in Madison, I'm off to search for a Korean restaurant to add to my list!
4	I just have to say, this place is unexpectedly good, considering the lack of variety and quality of Chinese cuisine in this town. This place is one of my favorite places to order from to fuel a long night of grading and also for eating with a group of friends. The first time we went here was on a Friday night and with a big group. We were seated promptly, but I think it's because we went around 8pm. Anyway, they gave us two sets of menus: the Sichuan menu and the non-Sichuan menu. I recommend ordering from the Sichuan menu as this is more their strength. We did family style so I was able to sample a lot of different dishes, and I've ordered delivery from them a few times since then. Every time we go here we come out stuffed and happy and ending up with leftovers. I'm fond of their cumin beef, fried fish, and deep-fried chicken w/ chili peppers. Service was also surprisingly good considering they stopped by to ask us how we were doing, if we needed more rice, and frequently came to refill our water.Overall: very satisfying food, nice cozy atmosphere, and solid service
1	Worst. Service. Ever.Place wasn't even packed.  Arrived and was seated promptly.  17 minutes later got a glass of water.  Another 11 minutes elapsed before someone came to take my order.  He just stood there expectantly -- no suggestions, no questions, no nothing.  Both my appetizer and my main dish arrived simultaneously and the third service person to come to my table helpfully explained that sometimes this happens.  Good thing I went slow on the water because one glass was all I got, despite the fact that it sat there empty for nearly a half hour.  The food was authentic dishes but not authentic spice or preparation.  Very disappointing.
4	The menu is classic Chinese restaurant; the food on the menu is authentic; and the staff here knows it. The menu is packed with stuff that if your mom didn't make it, you probably have no idea what is actually coming with the [insert meat here.] This place is great for a group (the larger the better) and even better if you are with others who enjoy Chinese food (make some Chinese friends if possible!).If you are going to a Chinese restaurant for the first time and this is the one you have stumbled upon it may be a little difficult to appreciate a gem like Fugu. You are not really supposed to eat the food and think: "omg, this was like the totally best thing I have ever eaten." You are not supposed to order something that you like and you are not supposed to order something for yourself. You order things that your friends like and you order a lot (more than you could possibly imagine eating). You eat a little bit of everything (you share!). And you focus on spending the meal with your mates and not with the food (talk!). Make sure you eat like a pig though because it is good to be bold towards food. At the end you have a great dining experience and a memory you can share with good friends for a long time.
4	The menu is huge here and you'd likely have to go to Fugu several times before discovering your favorite items. My favorite dish here is the sliced fish with sweet and sour sauce. I've never had anything as similar and as tasty as this. The cumin beef and the twice cooked slice pork are also great choices here. Not sure why, but I also really like their spicy string beans.In addition, ordering for takeout at Fugu is pretty convenient. I've never seen such a great set up for an Asian restaurant. You can order online and there is usually a discount for doing it this way. Just check out Fugu's website.Your best and closest bet for good, authentic Chinese food in Madison would be Fugu. There is no close second.
2	Food was excellent.But....No plates?No plates after I asked three times?Gratuity added on for a party of two?Not cool.
4	I am so happy a coworker recommended this restaurant!We ordered everything from the Szechuan menu.  For an appetizer, we had the Ox Tongue and Tripe with Chili Sauce. We were surprised it was served room temperature, but really liked the heat and chilies. The ox itself really was more texture then flavor.  For dinner, I ordered the Deep Fried Chicken with Dry Chili Pepper and loved it! Lots of chilies and oh so salty good!   My husband had the Twice Cooked Sliced Pork with Spicy Sauce which was also great!  Don't be surprised when it arrives, because it's made from pork belly, which is a whole lot like bacon.  Just not crispy. I'm really looking forward to my next trip to Madison and meal at Fugu!
3	This place is pretty run of the mill. The food is sort of blah American Chinese food--overly salty and sweet and greasy and yet kind of bland at the same time. And still I keep coming back given the lack of decent Chinese alternatives in Madison.I'm sort of shocked some people call this place authentic, but maybe they're ordering different things on the menu only people in the know would know to order. In general I've found the quality of the ingredients just a cut above sub-par, which is to say not bad enough that I swear off Fugu for good, but not particularly great either.I've never eaten in the restaurant so I can't comment on the service. Delivery is usually reliable--and you can order online--but give yourself at least an hour. Take-out service is much quicker if you can manage to stop in yourself.
4	One of my favorite places in Madison. Right off state street, awesome assortment of really authentic Chinese foods. Pineapple fried tofu, fish with dried chili peppers. Mmm.
4	This place has the spicy Chinese food i've been craving for. They got some American Chinese food but mostly true authentic Chinese food you don't see much. This is the only reason you should go here for and order. I bet most people are brained washed thinking that Chinese buffet restaurants are true Chinese food. The young unwise me was once.When I first arrived I had to wait out front alone for a few minutes before someone finally came out of the kitchen. Put after that service was on. Friendly and helpful. Their was only one other couple in the place the whole time I was there on a Monday night.They have two menu "books". Took me awhile to figure out what to order even thou I had looked over their menu online a little bit.First dish to arrive was the Spicy Green Beans. Crisps bite with slices of garlic and chucks of dry chilies. Greasier than I would of liked. Huge pool of oil on the bottom of plate. Had a kick to it but nothing compared to the next dish. The Mapo Tofu. Mouth on fire, nose running, the way I like it good. Chili oil, minced pork, scallions, szechuan pepper, and tofu. Hard to eat with chopsticks. The side of rice was excellent to soak up all the liquid. No buffet here. But great place to get a group of friends together and order a huge amount of plates to get a wide tasting of their menu.
4	Being in Madison for a couple of years, I'm pretty sure that if you want delicious and authentic Chinese food, this place is as good as it gets! They have many very authentic Chinese dishes you don't see very much elsewhere. I love the poached sliced beef in hot chilli sauce and the fish fillet dishes, they're delicious! Everything else I've tried here are all really great. The food can be really spicy, but you can always ask them to make it more mild. The servers are always really friendly and helpful. The restaurant gets pretty busy on the weekends, but I think it's worth the wait.The food is a bit pricey, ranging from $10 to $15 per dish, but  the portions are big and it's not that bad if you share the dishes. One little down side is that they charge extra for rice. I highly recommend this place!
1	I love the food at Fugu and want to give it the benefit of the doubt, but I had to write and share the horrible experience I had recently. We ordered online using Beyond Menu, which we have done before with great results. Not this time. When our food had not arrived after an hour and a half, I called and was told that the driver had just left. Ok, whatever, it was Friday night. After 2 hours and 15 minutes, I called again and was told (again) that our food was on the way. Finally, after 3 hours, the story changed. Apparently the order never printed out, they missed it, it was so busy, blah blah blah. At this point, we were starving and didn't appreciate their offer to send us food and give us a whopping discount of 50%. Horrible customer service. I'm going to Ichiban next time. Apparently Fugu's chef is now working there.
4	Went there about 30 minutes before they closed and they were still happy to let us get take out.  All the entrees had good flavor with large pieces of fresh vegetable and low amounts of grease. Average prices. Will return.
5	I think I may have just found the one.It was a late Saturday afternoon, and we were preparing for the copious amount of alcohol we were about to consume that night.Knowing that the best way to not get completely trashed was food in our bellies, my friends and I set out on a quest to find some alcohol buffer. After going through countless takeout menus online, we finally settled on Fugu. Having never heard about this place before, our expectations were pretty low.First of all, the Chinese food in Madison is crap, period (Sorry Madisonians(?), just being honest).Second, this place is located right off of State Street, which is basically drunk haven for college kids.Third, this place is called Fugu.... and they sell Chinese food. Dictionary.com defines fugu as "a puffer fish that is eaten as a Japanese delicacy, after some highly poisonous parts have been removed by an authorized chef." So ok, this place is named after a highly poisonous Japanese delicacy, but serves Chinese food... Alright then, moving on...As soon as we opened up the menu, however, I knew we were in for a special treat. My non-Asian roommate couldn't read the menu at all, which is immediately a good sign when it comes to Chinese food.As I browsed through the list of food, I saw quite a few authentic Chinese dishes that I was so used to back in Boston. We ordered the sesame pancakes, Singapore beef noodle, eggplant in garlic sauce and deep fried chicken with dry chili pepper. It took roughly ~30 minutes of wait time before the food was delivered right to our doorsteps. The fact that this place delivers AUTHENTIC Chinese food alone should merit 5-stars.While waiting for our friend to bring up the food, the aromatic scent of delicious Szechuan cuisine wafted through our house, and made our mouths water. The moment the food was set on the table, we went into it like ravenous savages, and devoured the food within minutes.It was definitely not a pretty sight, but oh was it ever so delicious... I can still taste the soft eggplants with its sweet, garlic sauce. The numbingly spicy chicken with its perfect crusty skin. The thin, dry noodles intervened with tender pieces of beef and vegetables.Everything about the meal was delicious. I thought I had fallen in love before, but it wasn't until now, that I have realized my naivety. Fugu, you're now my number 1 love in Madison.
4	Normally not a fan of Chinese, this was much better than most I've had. (And that's a compliment coming from me).  This place was bustling at 7:30pm on a Friday night but our carryout order was on time.  I was lucky enough to have someone with me so we could double-park, otherwise you may struggle to pick up your food as this is right off of State St.I ordered the veggies & shittake mushroom (added tofu, a girl needs her protein, for $1,50).  Glad I did as the "veggies" otherwise were simply bok choy and shittakes.   The veggies were plump, flavorful, and fresh. The tofu was lightly fried and not too greasy. The sauce wasn't too heavy but also was on the bland side, it could have used a bit more flavor (not spice, I'm talkin' flavor here),  The Kung Pao chicken got rave reviews at our house for being delicious and not too greasy (take note other Chinese restaurants, you're tooooo greeeeeeasy).  The steamed veggie dumplings ($4.50) were perfectly fine, but nothing I'd write home about.  All in all, if we were to order Chinese carryout again, this would be the place.
3	As a Chinese, I think the food in Fugu is good , but not great. Why I gave 3 star is for me the price seems too high for the portion and ingredient. I just think the portion is really really little and the price is just too high for Chinese food. Overall , the taste of food is not too bad , and the service is average. Just a nice decent Chinese food place for people who only need to eat little and still want to enjoy the quality.
5	As far as Chinese food goes, this is the best in Madison, which is why it gets 5 stars.  The only other comparable location is Ichiban Szechuan, and that restaurant is more oily and less flavorful.The style here is mostly from southern China--most dishes are spicy, and there are very few vegetarian options (though the vegetarian options are delicious as well).One thing to note is that their 'hotpot' dishes aren't what you'd expect of 'huo guo'.  These are mostly dry dishes kept heated over a flame.  Worth a try if you're curious.They have 'Americanized' menu items which tend to be a little too sweet.  I would recommend getting anything with a Chinese name next to it. Items I usually get:Mapo TofuSpicy twice cooked fishCumin lambHot and sour soupThe service is usually fast, but can be slow on busier days.
3	This place is pretty decent, but the food is kind of expensive for what you get. I got an eggplant chicken dish and my boyfriend got a pork belly dish. It was all decent, but I think I would go somewhere else before returning here.
2	Had delivery last night, through grub hub.  The food arrived 1/2 hour late, and most of it was cold,  one of the four dishes we ordered (the three thread salad) was quite good.  The salted fish with salted mustard cabbage was okay, and the potstickers and sesame chicken were just bad.
4	Really awesome authentic chinese food.  Entrees average around 15 dollars, def not a cheap chinese place at all, in price or quality.  The sweet and sour fish is delicious.  On of the  best places to get fresh fish in madison, as they often have live fish in tanks just waiting to be eaten!  I work at a hotel in town and I always reccomend this place to our Chinese guests, one man loved the restaurant so much he went every night during his week long stay, and literally thanked me on a daily basis with a big smile for recommending this place to him. Anyone who hates on this place doesnt know authentic chinese food.
5	Great food. Love it here.
3	This place and service are pretty decent , but the food is kind of expensive for small portion. The food is typical Chinese food average tasty , not super surprising , so the price is kind of higher.
3	Fugu is among the top two Chinese restaurants in Madison serving authentic, family-style Chinese cuisine. A bit heavy handed with the salt and msg, but of course this means the food was good. I was delighted that one of their seasonal vegetable options was Water Spinach / Ong Choy / Kong Xin Cai. The stir-fried thick rice noodles with chicken was also a good bet.Like other Chinese/Asian fusion restaurants in Madison, Fugu is undergoing an identity crisis. Rather than serving a cohesive selection of items, I imagine this place developed its concept by catering to the whim of its customers. I guess business is business. Our waiter was charming and patient when trying to explain some of the difficult-to-translate menu items. The price point is high for home-cooked Chinese food, but I'm learning to expect this of State St. establishments.
5	I ate at Fugu with several friends from the Chinese mainland, Taiwan, and Hong Kong. They ordered a bunch of stuff that we shared - unfortunately I can't report the details of what we got because the names were foreign to me. Fugu offers dishes from several nations (including Thailand) but we focused on the schezuan since I think that is their specialty. My friends and I all agreed the food was really good - they said it is authentic schezuan style. It also helps that the restaurant is clean and comfortable (but a little loud).
5	I've been resisting going to this place for the past several years. The location was previously an 'all you can eat' place called Yummy Buffet.  It's illogical why I resisted.I went here recently and ordered the cold chicken, eggplant dish, and fried chicken.  Everything tasted amazing, but in particular, I want to say, be open to the cold chicken dish - the briny sauce it was smothered in was a heavenly combination of sweet, tangy, and salty.I'm definitely coming back here again.  Three dishes came out to $30 or so for two people.  You could also go cheaper and order the lunch bentos.
4	Okay, Fugu, I'm sorry for taking such a long time to write a review for you, while I may be referred as a regular, by yelp standard. First time I came here was to have my own welcoming party held by my professor, supervisor and my new friends. Apparently, all of them have been regulars here for years so they ordered: the chicken with chillies (Sechuan style), fried tofu, and spicy fried fish, right away without any hesitation. They are all spicy and served our Indonesian tastebuds just right: we are all spicy eater. My American professor would only take a small portion, as it was too spicy for her. But, she liked it.  Other times, hubby and I would try their lamb stew- again, spicy but delectable.In all, our meal experiences at Fugu have been always warm and nice. It's good, tho we all know, there should be some MSG involved.
5	It's "Asian fusion." So yes, Fugu is suffering from an identity crisis. But I come for the Szechuan food and it is spicy, authentic, and delicious.
5	If you avoid the Americanized stuff on the menu, this is the best Chinese place in Madison.It is, for example, the only place you can get ma la Mapo Tofu without either asking for it to be extra ma la (Ichiban Sichuan) or going into the back and talking to the chef (every other Chinese place in Madison).
2	My first time here. The space is rather barren and visually unappealing. I started by ordering one of their interesting-looking sake varieties by the glass, only to find out they are now served by the bottle only (at $20 and up). I went with the Ozeki, and the server didn't bother to unscrew the cap for me. I ordered wonton soup and the seafood and eggplant hotpot.  The soup broth was hot and savory, and the wontons meaty. The "hotpot" was served before I was halfway done with soup. It was more like a tureen, and the food color matched Fugu's interior - yellowish green and brown. A large portion of eggplant and not so much seafood, just a few small shrimp, scallops, calamari and krabmeat, served with basic rice. The sauce was fine but calamari was tough. I imagine they focus more on carryouts judging by the disinterested wait staff and constantly ringing phone. I won't be back.
5	I first tried this place after some friends brought some leftovers. Of course, that isn't necessarily an ideal first experience but the beef tripe and ox tongue was fantastic, so I had to check this place out. My husband and I went after work on a Friday night, so it was busy. The server took a bit to actually come by and acknowledge us, but considering how busy it was, I try to be understanding. Right away I ordered the beef tripe and ox tongue as well as the spicy fried intestines. My husband ordered twice cooked spicy pork. The beef tripe and ox tongue is really interesting to me because first and foremost, it's the first time I've had tripe in a dish other than menudo. My husband was really put off by the fact that it  was not served hot, but still liked the flavor. I believe it was supposed to be served that way, at least from what I remember my friends telling me. The best part of the meal was the spicy fried intestines, hands down. I've had beef intestines before (tacos de tripa con cilantro y cebolla, yum), but these were pork so I wasn't sure what to expect. They were AMAZING. Served up sliced in a big pile with a lot of red chilies, they had a nice crisp on the outside and the inside was soft and juicy. The flavor was different from beef intestine, similar but a little bit like tripe. I don't really know how to describe it. Oh my god, it has to be the best thing I've had in a while. EAT THEM. NOW.
3	not bad
3	Pretty decent place, especially for college students. Great for large groups and people who are not that picky about Asian food. We usually come here with a group of around 10 people and have never had trouble getting a table. I like the mapo tofu and some of the meat dishes. We also had a soup, but for next time, I would stick with the mapo tofu, meats, and eggplants. I think if I had ordered more "orange chicken" type of dishes, I would be less satisfied.
3	We had the Kung Pao chicken and General Tso's chicken. Kung Pao was pretty Americanized-- slightly sweet, no spiciness, but a good texture. Portion size was average, not giant but not small. For ~$11 it wasn't as good as I had hoped. A good peanut to chicken ratio though.General Tso was typical General Tso... neon colored, sweet chunks of chicken to tame the Chinese takeout desire. Again, at $10.50, it was on the high side. Not the best I've had, but not the worst. Service was fast and efficient. Probably won't go back unless I want some authentic Sichuan- as the American-style offerings were pretty mediocre.
3	Quite frankly, this place is incredibly mediocre. I had pretty awful service when I went last (Restaurant was half full yet I got no water refill). Sushi Express has better asian food than Fugu and at a much cheaper price.
2	Fugu has been one of my bigger disappointments in Madison dining, because i've heard both my friend and yelp peers give big ups to it, but my experiences here have really failed to meet expectations. All of the times i've been here, i've noticed two trends: Bland entrees, and slow service.With regard to the entrees: Some reviews on here are claiming that some of the dishes are great, so maybe i'm just ordering the wrong things. But, I got a mushroom dish, and an assortment of veggie dishes, and all of those left a lot to be desired. The mushroom dish had some spice, but the mushroom texture was inconsistent, so it wasn't too great. The veggies were often just the veggie in question with some rice, sometimes in a tasteless sauce. It didn't feel like anything that I couldn't have made at home easily.As for the service, it's just often really slow. Slow for them to seat you, slow to take your order, slow for them to fill up your water (which really sucks if you get a spicy dish and you're a spice wimp like myself), and slow for them to get your bill. I went at times that were only semi-crowded, but regardless it didn't seem like it should have been taking so long. They could benefit from adding another wait staff to take orders at peak hours.My experience as Fugu hasn't been all bad, though. Note that I only mentioned the entrees being bland. I've had some pretty excellent appetizers, such as the Sesame cakes, which came with a very awesome savory sauce. I'd definitely be willing to try Fugu again, but only if I had a lot of free time that night, and a very good tip from someone on what to order.
5	Absolutely love this place!  As others said stick to the real asian cuisine here and this place is awesome!  I personally love the Braised Beef hot pot.  It is not overly spicy and has really great flavor.  As a regular to this establishment I receive extremely good service.  The last 4 or 5 times I was here my food came out in what seemed like less than 5 minutes and was perfect while the restaurant was full!
4	The location of Fugu is a huge bonus. Being located on State St right on campus, it's definitely popular amongst students especially. They serve good Sze Chuan food, which means that the majority of the dishes will be cooked with spicy oil -- making them spicy. Their menu actually runs pretty parallel to that of Ichiban. I have written a review of that pretty recently and I order and recommend the same favorites as I do at Ichiban. Plus, there are many reviews of Fugu out here with good recommendations on what to get, so I will talk more about the experience and service here. Went to lunch once for my post-seminar celebration with my group. We had the lunch specials, which was a good deal coming to about $10. It has a set consisting of the main course, a soup and fruits to go with it. Most of their sets are served in bento boxes, which is a pretty cool concept. For dinner you just order off their menu.Service wise, it's a little off what I could call top-notch. Which means that your main course dishes might come before or together with your appetizers. On some occasion especially when they are busy, you might have to remind them about parts of your order. But they are pretty good about reminders, and will get you what you want fast. I would visit more often but Ichiban has equally good Sze Chuan delicacies with a much larger sitting area and ample parking. Between one or the other it all boils down to personal preference and convenience. If I live downtown and I do not have a car, Fugu will be the logical option. Otherwise, take your pick, either way you will get nice Sze Chuan dishes =)
4	Fugu has been my "go to" for "authentic" Chinese food for a while but I do have some complaints.The boiled beef is traditionally supposed to come in a spicy broth but at Fugu, it comes with a syrupy, spicy sauce. It tasted fine but it wasn't what I was expecting, especially since I know that I've had the authentic version here in the past. When I mentioned it to my waitress, she just told me that the brothy version is what they do in China, but at Fugu, this syrupy, saucy dish is how they make it.Other than that, the food is fine. It's actually pretty good. The prices are definitely steeper than some of the other Chinese places around State but if you're looking for good "authentic" Chinese food at a sit down restaurant, Fugu is your still best choice.
2	If you like Asian fusion, you can easily find  better place to go then Fugu. Food is way expensive and ok at best. But the biggest let down is the service. WOW! The server almost dropped the plate in our table and didn't crack a smile. We had to ask twice for a fork and no one even came back after delivering the food. Not worth the money neither it's a friendly place.
3	I have gone to Fugu several times in the past, and always enjoyed it. They have some very interesting menu choices. The atmosphere gives off good vibes and the service is cheerful. Fugu is a great place to go if you enjoy unique Asian cuisine. However, my latest experience has prompted me to write my first Yelp review. I ordered the Beef with Ginger and Scallion to have delivered for lunch, but when it arrived the portion size was substantially modest compared to what I was used to when I dine in. I could not believe they would post the same $14 item for take-out and provide a paltry amount of food compared to dine-in. I was looking forward to enjoying my lunch, but all I could taste was disappointment. Sadly, it will be quite a long time before I trust this restaurant again.
4	This is the beginning of a new love affair. A Chinese coworker brought me here after work last week stating this is the most authentic in Madison, and after scanning through their menu which included kidneys and intestines, I was beginning to feel a bit giddy. The flavor in my Lao Gan Ma twice cooked pork tasted just like the ones I've had in Chinatowns and I've visited ALL the chinatowns in this country. I loved the sauce so much that I poured my rice into the plate at the end and gobbled up every last drop of that delicious greasiness. The only complaint I have is their dining room being too dark and too cold. I mean, the food really isn't SO spicy that you would feel the need for icy air to cool down. So minus one star for ambience. I will be back. Possibly tomorrow and every week after.
3	Fugu used to be my favorite Chinese restaurant in Madison, not anymore.  When it started business in 2009, Fugu was red hot. Its authentic Sichuan Chinese food has drawn so many people to its wonderful central location at State and Gilman. I at least have dined more than 10 times during 2009-2010 and have been constantly happy with its food. Back then, only Wah Kee Noodle was the other "Authentic" Chinese place on my radar. But you know, restaurants are precarious business. Since 2009, there has been a revolution in the Chinese food scene in Madison. I can count almost 10 new authentic Chinese restaurants joining the competition. Ichiban, Oriental House, Double 10, Dumpling Haus, Hong Kong Station, to name a few. Fugu was no longer unique, and I have settled with Ichiban for Sichuan food in the past couple of years. Earlier this week, I went back to Fugu and was totally disappointed. The dining space was under-staffed with only two people handling 50 people. Through the whole time of our dinner, servers never had time to clean up dirty dishes left by previous customers. When we left, the restaurant was full of empty tables with dirty dishes. A group of people came but was unable to be seated. So they left. It was ugly. Plus, there were flies accompanying our dinner. We had 5 dishes, but they slowly came during a 30-mins period. The fast and accurate service was gone. Food was good but inconsistent. Water-boiled beef and Tofu Fish were really good, but somehow our stirred fried pea shoot, the easiest and overpriced dish of all, was messed up. Too much salt. My experience sounds really bad, but I tend to think it was an anomaly rather than the standard. Therefore I gave it a 3 star instead of 2. But for while, I don't think I am going back. There are much better choices if you are not limited to the State st area.
3	Mediocre Chinese restaurant in Madison. Cliff and I came here for a cheat meal after a long cleanse. We ordered the black pepper deep fried chicken, garlic eggplant, and a seafood soup. The chicken was very disappointing; normally, chinese restaurants fry this chicken dish by the whole, but Fugu skimped out. They gave us the nasty little  parts of the chicken (including cartilage and god knows what else), heavily battered them, and fried them - so each bite consisted of crunchy dough and oil. A few pieces into the dish I started to question if they were even serving me actual chicken. The seafood soup was a miss. It was heavily salted and tasted as if they dumped frozen seafood inside an msg loaded broth. The eggplant was the only decent dish. I tasted sweet chili sauce more than anything else (didn't taste the garlic at all, so the name was misleading). Though it actually made me want to finish my rice. Aside from everything else, I feel like Fugu needs to chill with the red chili peppers and hot chili oil. They drench that in every single goddamn dish that when you finish and look at the plate, you realize that half of it consisted of red peppers.
4	Yum.  In town visiting a friend and came here by chance, I ordered the pan fried noodles (asked for them to be spicy!) and my friend ordered the kung pao chicken. We both loved our food, and my friend has decided to definitely come here more often now! FYI that the pop comes in cans.
4	After being disappointed by the lackluster turnout for Go Topless day, we headed to Fugu for a late lunch.  We opted for some small dishes to fill the gaping void in me left from last night's festivities.I ordered the Sichuan Pork Wontons in chili oil and Hot & Sour soup. The wontons arrived fully submerged in a sea of slightly spicy oil. While it seemed a little excessive, the wontons were delicious. The combination of both was just what I needed to fill me up.Pro tip: skip out on the General Tso's and order from the Sichuan menu section. Chicken with Spicy and Sour Garlic Sauce is always on point.
3	Fugu was the first Chinese Restaurant I went to after first arriving at Madison, because I heard that it is a good place for authentic Sichuan food. But it was a huge disappointment.We went around 12 o'clock, and although it was bright and sunny on the outside, the inside was very dark. There was not enough light on, and that was not good for bringing up our appetite. There were only two waitresses who seemed to be new on this job, one of them even accidentally spilled water all over some other costumer.The food, well, the flavour is not bad, but it is definitely NOT authentic. We ordered water-boiled pork and fish-flavoured eggplant (sorry guys can't remember what exact English names they put on the menu). These are two of the signature dishes of Sichuan food that I like the most, but what they brought to us was definitely not how these dishes supposed to be. Fish-flavoured? I would call it sweet-and-sour, and trust me, these are totally different flavours. As for water boiled pork, it was supposed to be soupy (guess one can tell by their literal-translated name), but somehow the cook decided to add wet starch and created something different. Again, flavour-wise it is not bad, but I would never call that water boiled pork.Since later we soon discovered a much, much better Sichuan food place nearby, I will definitely never go back to this dark little place again, and I will not recommend this place to any Chinese friends. However, if all you had was American-style Chinese take-away food before, then you may find this place not bad at all.
1	I'm a big fan of Chinese food and usually love everything I eat but this place is the exception. I went with a group of 12 people and the service was just not in sync. Not only did it take upwards to an hour to receive the food, but after the first meal was delivered, it took roughly 30 minutes for all the food to finally trickle to the table. Also, many appetizers were delivered long after entrees reached the table. As for the food, I ordered General Tso's Chicken. When I finally got my food, I found the balls of chicken to appear very large, however, I was quite disappointed when I ate it. The sauce was nice, it was sweet and had a touch of heat, but there was barely any chicken at all. Many times, there was no chicken in each ball and on the off chance that there was, it was just a tiny piece that was covered by a lot more batter. I essentially ate balls of batter with rice. I have eaten at many Chinese restaurants and although I recommend many to friends, this place is not one of them.
2	The food was good but I had to wait just shy of 2 hrs for it. When I called after 50 minutes of waiting they said the driver left 15 minutes prior to my call. I then waited another hour and called again. They then said they didn't know what was taking so long and that the driver really did leave that long ago. Low and behold my food was still warm 10 min after that second call.. Must have the heat on high in that car.. Not ordering from them again
4	Delicious authentic Szechuan food. Perfect for family style eating with family or group of friends! Must try!
