4	Ho maria maria.. She reminds me of a west side story...Growing up in...spanish harlem...Shes living the life just like a movie star.. "were busy and you'll have to wait for your table but your welcome to sit in the lounge." This is not the way to start out with me.. the thing is the place was busy but I would see there were tons of tables not only on the spacious patio but in the cool looking dining room. After about 10 minutes we were sat! The service was prompt and considering they have been open for only a few  days was running fairly smoothly. Okay the space at Maria Maria is very cool! Chain, concrete, embossed material on the banquettes and in the back a huge dining room with this cool tree in the center. Loads of candles and a singer playing guitar who is very very good. The place can set a mood for sure.. my only problem with the space are the 2 giant screens paying homage to Carlos Santa but he owns the place so why not, right?Youre greeted with chips and salsa which is very cool cause I was so hungry! Order a Maria Maria Margarita with a Midori float.. oh yeah, good stuff. But couldn't help but notice that I can make margaritas and salsa better at home, but I'm weird that way. Both were very good for sure and compliment each other nicely. On to the food.. we ordered duck tacos and a chicken quesadilla for apps.. the duck tacos were the clear winners.. perfect cook non greasy duck meat wrapped in a corn tortilla covered in a red cream sauce.. was sublime. The chicken quesadilla was really good, grilled crispy and not oily at all. Pretty yummy and served with a napalito salsa..Dinner we ordered Beef Chivichanga and Beef Enchilada's.  The enchiladas were bathed in a smoky complex sauce both creamy and slightly spicy. The Chivichanga was alright.. both were filled were braised short ribs but didn't have the punch we were both expecting. The portions here are very large as we took leftovers home. The Chivichanga could be easily shared as there are 2 on the plate.The Mr and I were both pleased with the place aside from the first week jitters I'm sure this place will find its groove. Fortunately our server was very calm and collected.. she also had an assistant who was as adorable as he was helpful. This was a great make up dinner after the mess over at Fines on the Mr's bday.. also cost half as much. Ho maria maria.. She reminds me of a west side story...Growing up in...spanish harlem...
4	I went there with family on Friday night at 5:30 with a reservation.  We were seated promptly.The tortilla chips were good and were accompanied by three different salsas--one mild one in a larger bowl and two fiery ones in smaller bowls.  The hot ones had good, complex flavor to go with the heat.The Maria Maria margarita was flavorful & refreshing.  I ordered carnitas, which were very good, but not quite as fall-apart tender as they should be.  The accompanying black beans were richly seasoned; the rice was good.  Portions were abundant--I had enough to fill myself up for two meals.My brother-in-law had fish tacos that were OK, but lacking in salt or other seasonings.  Others in our party had enchiladas that they were pleased with.Service was very good, especially for the restaurant only having opened so recently.  My two-year-old niece spilled her water and the waiter was quick to respond.The restaurant is cool and cavernous.  There's a great selection of tequilas.  The guitar player/singer is very good.  Great place for groups or families.  Nick says check it out!
4	Note: This review is simply for drinks and snacks -- I'd like to go back here soon and eat dinner, and then revise the review.This place is beautiful! And it has a great patio, as well as a great open-air room that isn't really a patio, but isn't really inside -- basically, this is a great place to come with your friends for a drink after work or on a lazy Sunday. Which is what I did yesterday.We sat down outside, were promptly given some water and our drinks (I had the white sangria, which wasn't quite as good as I had hoped it would be, but it was only $5 and it was tasty). Then we had some chips and salsa -- if the salsa here is any indication of what the food tastes like, then it gets good reviews from me. The big bowl of typical salsa was OK, but the two little containers they gave us were way better -- one was a tangy green salsa, the other was a spicy "chile arbol." They were really complex, compared to what generally passes as salsa at big Mexican restaurants around here.Service was great, too.Can't wait to come back here.
3	After debating for an hour over where to eat dinner like it was our last meal, my husband and I found ourselves at Maria Maria.  We did only have appetizers and drinks, but found their dinner menu to be nice-it's upscale Mexican dishes.The restaurant's decor is very nice-contemporary, all neutral colors, except for the artwork which is where the Mexican style comes in.  Nice patio and bar area.  It was early when we arrived so there were plenty of tables, yet we were seated at a very small table.  I guess they were "saving" the tables for four-except for the other two-somes that were more deserving apparently.  This was a put-off to me and made life more difficult for their servers when we ordered three appetizers on large platters.I was quite impressed with the food for the most part.  With your chips, they serve a roasted tomato salsa (mild yet full of flavor), a smoky chipotle hot sauce and a hot green sauce.  All were excellent.  We had a steak quesadilla that I loved-the steak was sooo tender.  We also ordered chicken flautas.  I didn't care for the seasoning of the chicken, but that was a personal preference.  They were very good, and I'm sure many others would enjoy it.  We also ordered guacamole which was expensive ($9) but it was also very good and you did get a decent sized portion.  Their version of Spanish rice is actually a blend of rice and orzo.  It could have been delicious but badly needed salt as did the black beans.  And, there is no salt on the tables, none of the tables.  I take that as an arrogant statement that all their dishes are perfectly seasoned.  Maybe they should taste them!  I'm not one who likes food overly salty either.  Oh yea, tortillas-not good.  Think Mission brand.Service wasn't bad, but not great either.  I also think if they're are going to have water glasses on the table when you arrive, they should try some Jet-Dry as the spots and streaks on everything are not that appetizing.  I can eat at home for that.  This restaurant has great potential.  I don't think it's quite there yet, but it did just open.  With some fine tuning, it wouldn't be difficult for me to raise my rating.  We plan to return in a few months.
3	I absolutely love the interior of Maria Maria. Upon entry, I'm instantly relaxed, especially when they dim the lights 'round 7:30 p.m. There's a picture hanging near the hostess table that i wish I could snatch off the wall and run away with. I love it! If you see it, it's the picture of a guitar etched upon the back of a female. Lovely!But, what about the grub? Well...First trip here, I sat in the bar area. I ordered their Baked Cheese with chicken, ham and chrizo. It came with warm, thin tortillas. A bit too greasy for me - some would say I should have expected this - but I thought, over all, that it was good. It sat in my belly like a rock, though.My second trip here, my friends and I sat in a "mini lounge" area under one of the huge plasma screens. It was a comfy space that begged to be occupied on an early Friday evening. We each ordered a drink. Sangria for two. Sangria blanco for one. Four Peaks Sunbru for me. Then all 4 of us split the seafood guacamole. Oh yum. If you order anything of the menu, this is a must. The lump jumbo crab meat with shrimp is heavenly. I could have eaten just the warm seafood that comes on top of the guac. In fact, we did ask for just a side of that. Unfortunately, when the check came, we were charged for 2 orders of seafood guac. So, basically we were charged $28 for seafood guac with extra seafood. Go figure. (If I had known, I wouldn't have ordered it on the side.) Three salsas, chips and the seafood guac was hearty enough to satisfy us. For kicks, one friend ordered the plantains. I had a nibble. It was good, though I'm no fan of the creamy white stuff on top. Icky.As for drinks, the Sunbru was just okay. They do have a pretty good drink menu, though. Between beers and wines, I'd be set here any day of the week. They offer 2 different Viogners by the glass! They do have plenty of mixed "specialty" drinks for those who like their hard liquors. If you like coffee, they serve that too. When asked what super strong java they had given me, I was told it was from the brand "Mr. Espresso." And here I thought I may be drinking authentic coffee, for it sure packed a super strong punch!I have to say that while I really, really, really dig the decor and atmosphere, the food has, for two times in a row, made my tummy a little bit upset. I can't put my finger on why it would, but it makes me a little concerned to go back. I think if I do, I'll order the Spinach Mango Salad with Grilled Shrimp, with almonds and raisins. For $13, it better be great! If you're at Tempe Marketplace, check this place out. My friends and I ended up sitting around and chatting for a few hours. Our server was very nice, though towards the end, he got slammed with other patrons and neglected us a bit. It was understandable, since we were basically only there to nosh and drink. *drum roll*Maria Maria gets...4 stars for atmosphere and decor. 4 stars for service.2 stars for food that makes my tummy a tad upset.2 stars for the live music that night. It didn't seem to fit the motif. For a final score of 3 stars, which is a typical "It's worth checking out but don't expect to be blown away" rating. I really wish I could rate this place higher. I want to! But...I just can't.
3	OK so I end up here for lunch only because the place I wanted to go didn't open till 4pm.It's really beautiful inside, there is alot of elements working, chain, leather, iron, wicker, wood, very upscale modern but comfortable too.First off I notice that the menu is a bit different than the one shown on-line, specifically the description for the tortilla soup. Needless to say, I did not get it.We asked a few question and come to find out that none of the entrees are served with rice and beans? WTF!! So you would have to spend $4 for a side of beans and $4 for a side of rice on top of your entree price which is anywhere from $14 and up.I'm all about having a good meal at any cost but that seems absurd.Chips and 3 salsas were served, they were all pretty good, nothing spectacular.(see pics)I ordered the tostada with no meat and the Mr. ordered the fish tacos (see pics)My tostada was really good, I dare say a 5 star tostada. I liked it alot. However  the menu said "chicken tostada $9"  and I was still charged $9 for NO MEAT..........that was pretty uncool.The fish tacos looked pretty, he kept saying they were good, but his face did not tell me the same story and he does not know fish tacos like I do, I tasted the fish.....blech........soooo soooo fishy MY God! and no flavor either, just dredged in flour and flash fried.3 solid stars, not bad ,not extraordinary, not worth rushing back toTo me the Tempe Market place along with this restaurant are very, very touristy. I've got better places to be Thank You Very Much!
3	At first Maria Maria seemed like a cool concept. But after listening to an hour and a half of nothing but Santana's music, it can start to grate on your nerves... The place was about half full, though we still had to wait about 20min for a table. The decor is nice and our server was pleasant. Chips and salsa were above par (with three types served by default). We ordered the chicken fajitas and a Mexican salad. Both were good, but nothing to really rave about.Maria Maria seemed like more hype than substance to me.What is with people bringing young children into a place like this? The decor should be a hint that this is not a McDonald's playland. The rule I heard awhile back that stuck with me is "that the menu price should match the childs age". For example at McDonalds you can get a kids meal for under $3... good for 3-year olds and up. At Denny's you can eat for about $10, and at a place like Maria Maria a really cheap bastard can get away with about $15. What a simple and elegant formula for parents to follow... (I grant an exemption to parents of extremely well behaved children).
4	I just ate here last night with some gal pals and we were all in agreement that this place is great. Walking in you can hear the live music and you can see almost the entire restaurant. The band playing when we were there was just perfect for this place, mostly guitars and just mellow tunes but they also played some salsa. I forget their name (sorry), they came in from SF... After about a 10 min wait we were seated in the main dining area near the band. The decor is beautiful! I haven't been during the day but at night the lights are very low with plenty of mood lighting. The music was playing at just the right level so that you could only hear the conversation at your own table which was nice.  I shared the chicken burrito, which proved to be a good idea when I saw the portion size. The chicken was flavored very well and the burrito was very good. A friend had the shrimp and mango spinach salad, the server did warn that it was spicy and she was very right! We didn't get to try the drinks this time but are planning to go back soon and try a few more things!
5	I have a favorite mexican food spot in San Jose called Aqui.Not typical Mexican food.   Like Maria Maria they have a creative, progressive menu, which could be described as foo foo.   I love the twist on tradition in both art and cuisine.   Maria Maria also reminded me of Croce's in San Diego.  For me Maria Maria has captured the best of both places.   Beautiful decor, lovely food,  live music, and the Margarita/Sangria cocktail was awesome!!  I 'm all in!    Will let you know if future visits do not live up.
1	My visit to this place was not only disappointing, but it made me sad to think that this place would probably go the way of Planet Hollywood in a year or two. I had the Carnitas and I had to cut (or should I say SAW) into it with a knife and fork. My friend's crab enchiladas were underwhelming. I was heartbroken that yet another famous Latino is slapping his name on a "brand" that will probably fail instead of actually checking out the food and making sure it's edible. Very beautiful decor, and nice (but not terribly sharp) staff is about the only thing I can say about this one.
3	Lovely decor, good location, celebrity tie-in ... and food that left me wishing I had ordered something different. Out of our party of four, two of us ordered mediocre dishes -- the vegetarian chile relleno and the chicken mole casserole. But the two other dishes were fine -- spinach and mango salad and chicken enchiladas suiza. The chunky salsa was also quite good, especially for those of us who've deprived ourselves of tomatoes recently. Let this be a lesson to you (and me): read reviews on Yelp for recommendations on a new restaurant's best dishes before you go. Also, a note to our server: when a customer says his dish is just OK, then DOH! -- follow up by asking how it could be better. This is especially necessary at a new place.
4	Josh, our server, took great care of us today during lunch. He was so friendly and helpful. I wanted to order the seafood guac without the guac. He went and asked the chef if this was possible. Yes, it certainly was, and it would only cost me $5. So I ordered that - happily - with the side of black beans with orza for $2. YUM! There was more than enough for me to finish, but every mouthful was delicious. I still think this place is a little over-priced. They didn't offer us a lunch menu; instead, we had to choose from their main menu. BUMMER. So, if you're looking for a lunch deal, you're out of luck here, though I did manage to have a hearty lunch (still feel full 5 hours later) for under $10!This time around I found the service was more than accommodating today. Definitely 4 stars! I still love, love, love the atmosphere and decor! (I left a "You've Been Yelped Card" at the table. Booyah!)
1	I got a recommendation from a friend to eat here.  He loved it.  I did not.  I went here with my husband and a friend who was visiting from out of town.  We made a reservation and good thing because they were so busy.  The interior decor was charming and the bathrooms were fun.  It was a nice spring day so we sat outside.  And that's when it went downhill.Our server took forever.  We asked for chips and salsa several times and never got it.  The busboy kept bringing chips to the tables around us but never to us.  Finally, the chips finally arrived -- a few minutes before our food did!  The food was not good.  We each ordered something different and none of us liked what we ordered.  We tried switching dishes hoping we would like something the other person ordered but no such luck.  The only thing we did like was the sangria.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.  Save your money and go to a real Mexican restaurant.
4	An update to an update? Is that possible??? Well, Maria Maria deserves it. Again, great service. But what I'm most impressed and happy with is what I ordered: the spinach, shrimp and mango salad. YUM! Just be careful if spicy isn't your thing, since the 4 large shrimp seem to be smothered in spicy powder. Next time, i'll ask for "naked shrimp," since the other ingredients of the sald, including cojita cheese and raisins, add such an array of flavor, you really don't need the spicy element. It's a $13 salad (yeah, I cringed at this, but I've been wanting to try this forever), but totally worth it. It was so hearty, I took 1/2 home. Double yum!
2	The fish tacos were.... gross.  Other items on the menu may be fine, but I am not going back because the fish tacos were so disappointing (and relatively expensive).  That is all.
4	I recently visited Maria, Maria for the first time and had a great experience. The food on the menu was a bit pricier that I had imagined, and I was a little disappointed that there wasn't a lunch menu. However, the chips and salsa were fantastic. I was brought three different types of salsa, the Maria, Maria salsa (mild), a tomatillo based salsa (spicy) and a smoky flavored salsa (hot). All three were delicious, and the Maria, Maria salsa was brought to me in a bowl as opposed to a ramekin which was great since I tend to go through a lot of salsa. My friend and I ordered the nachos and guacamole to split off the appetizer menu. The onions on the nachos were too sweet for my taste, but the chicken on top was great, and I liked that the black beans and cheese were actually baked on the chips instead of sloppily loaded on top. The guacamole was fantastic, and would be perfect for three people to share. The music and low light was very relaxing, but I would definitely advise against bringing kids. Screaming and crying will definitely ruin the experience for other diners. The service was fantastic, and our server seemed very knowledgeable about the menu. I look forward to going back to Maria, Maria and hope that their margaritas are as good as their salsa and guacamole.
2	I heard so many good things about this place......but I was just not impressed.  On a friday night, it's a long wait....I'm talking an hour.The food was just ok.  It was not special.  There were four of us and we shared a little of everything.  3 out of 4 agreed that it was below average.Maybe we ordered the wrong thing.....but I did not like it.
3	I think Maria Maria is getting some bad reviews because it is still working out the kinks. It is a newer restaurant with a chain type feel yet my wife and I have enjoyed it the few times we have eaten here. It definitely has a cooler feel than most chain type restaurants with good music (not only on mix but also some good live contemporary mariachi bands). The food is OK, this is what I mean about working out the kinks. We have had overall good food but twice have had cold food and once, after 40 minutes, they came to the table saying they realized they were out of what we ordered. I am sort of picky but for a luxury Mexican food place they could do a better job in the kitchen. With that being said I will eat here again because they have some excellent dishes (steak fajitas) and GREAT margaritas (the problem is they are 10 bucks each).
3	I have been here twice now, and both times felt that the food and service is mediocre. The fish tacos are not good and expensive, the crab enchiladas are fair but again, more than i would like to spend on enchiladas. The drinks are great, and its the only bar I've ever seen to have Negro Modelo on tap. In summary: Go for draft Mexican beer or Mojitos, go elsewhere for dinner.
3	Beautiful decor.  Good sangria.  Excellent duck tacos, or was I just very hungry?  I must've been since I remember enjoying the rice and beans... Tried my friend's enchilada... did not care for it.  Thought that my duck tacos were much more flavorful.  Friend thought opposite. If I were a drinker (I'm not), I'd come here for the sangrias and the atmosphere.  It's very sexy, yet not intimidating, in here.
4	I walked in here the other afternoon looking for a good happy hour and boy did I find it. I sat at the bar and the ambiance was outstanding a large open restaurant with a huge bar so you don't feel that cluttered or crowded while you enjoy your food. They had $2 drafts during happy hour which set my mood to Happy. I ordered a few small bites off there bar menu. Chicharones Tacos were very simple yet packed with flavor. I ordered a Chile Relleno and at first sight was disappointed that it wasn't deep fried until i took a bite. I have never been so overwhelmed by the flavors mingling in my mouth until now. A dried Chile stuffed with veggies and spices and boy it had some nice heat as well made me order a refreshing margarita only $5. For once I was intoxicated from the food and not the drinks, only cuz i had 2. I was in heaven and can't wait to go for either happy hour or to explore their  menu. After talking with the bartender he informed me that all the food being prepared was made fresh daily. All in all my bill was around $30 with a tip and a few small bites and 2 drinks.
3	After reading the existing reviews of this place and knowing that it's Carlos Santana's restaurant, I was more than a little leery about trying it out. However, my sister chose, so off we went. The dining room is beautiful, and the music was audible but not overpowering at all. We were there for lunch, so there was no live music, but I can only imagine that the place gets really loud at night. The service was great- our server was friendly and prompt. He seemed genuinely glad to be there rather than the fake cheer some servers put on. (I hate that. It's so obvious.) The food was pricey- our lunch ended up being almost $40 for the 2 of us- but it was good. Really good. The salsas tasted fresh (they bring you 3 different kinds!) and actually had some heat, and our entrees were delicious. Per the recommendation from the server, I had the fish tacos. Good choice! They were delicious. The fish had a nice spice to it, and it wasn't batter-fried they way many places do. The avocado, pico de gallo, and sauce complemented the fish perfectly. My sister had the vegetarian enchiladas, which she liked, though they had a bit of a sweet flavor that caught her off-guard.  I love the fact that the food isn't your typical Mexican restaurant menu- they add their own touch to the dishes, enhancing the entree rather than turning it into some odd fusion meal. I'd go back again. Probably not for lunch, but I imagine dinner would be a great experience here. As a side note: My sister brought her 1 year old daughter with, and we found the restaurant to be very kid-friendly. Sure, they don't have a playground or a ball pit, but if you bring a well-behaved child, the staff is more than accommodating.
4	We stopped here for happy hour after some shopping on a Friday, and had a really good experience.  Maria Maria is a large, open place with beautiful decor.  Upon sitting down we received the chips and 3 salsa, which I really liked despite the chips being a little greasy.   When we asked about happy hour specials, we were told they were only available at the (small) bar.....but Tom made an exception for us at our table and even brought us a happy hour menu - definitely a plus and we didn't even have to throw in a wink, wink.  Our 2 happy hour margaritas were great - strong and not too sweet and soury.  We ended up ordering the Carnitas Quesadillas, minus the carnitas (yes, weirdo vegetarian here) and I didn't even get a strange look.  Instead of refried beans, they use black beans, which makes me sooooo very happy.  They were yummy, with the perfect amount of beans and cheese with sourcream drizzled on top.  The menu seemed to have a lot of items and specific vegetarian choices, so I'll definitely be back!
4	I would rate the ambiance 5 stars, I love the decor!  The "big ass fan"(yes, that is what it's called) on the patio, the chain links separating the dining room from the entryway, and the tree/candle back lit bar are great touches.  I would like to give a pat on the back to whoever their interior designer was.  Now for the food and the only part I really care about.  It was actually pretty good.  It's definitely not typical Arizona-style Mexican, so don't expect that.  I had the Chicken Burrito Maria and my dining partner had some sort of crab and shrimp enchilada plate.  I really liked my burrito, the black beans were a healthier alternative to refried, which I liked.  I knew that the plates didn't come with beans and rice, but that didn't bother me- the burrito was enough to fill me up and it came with some kind of coleslaw.  Now the crab/shrimp enchiladas looked so good that I had to try a bite.  The sauce is unique and unlike your typical enchilada sauce- it was cinnamony and creamy!  I will definitely get that next time.  I also thought the chips and salsa were good, minus one major problem... too much salt.  I had to dust each one off before I ate it.  I finally had to ask the waitress if there was anyway to get less salt on the chips, she was nice about it and completely understanding.  I guess it was just a mixing problem.  Oh, and having 3 salsas to choose from is always a plus in my book.  Overall, it was service with a smile. I would go back and enjoy Maria Maria's patio anytime.
2	I will not recommend this place...  I ended up here because a friend chose to have her B-Day get-together here, and after reading the other reviews, I decided to stick with drinks only.I had the red Sangria and loved it.  In fact, I went the very next day with another friend to order that  drink again, but this time the drink was flavorless and did not taste the same.  When I questioned the bartender, he was kind of un- gracious and mumbled something like I probably got the end of a batch or something..... I usually don't notice bad service but this time I did (even before I tasted the bad Sangria).
4	Listen.....this ain't your average Mexican food restaurant. No Spanish rice and refried beans here! As the website states, its neuvo Mexican (with a bit of Cuban flare and culinary influence in my opinion). Oh, speaking of website. Theirs is just as enticing as the food. It's like a music video with a menu. It's sexy and food photography is amazing.  Check it out! I started with guacamole and salsa. Yum! The red Sangria was one of the best I've had in a long time. Not overly sweet with a nice kick! The (vegetarian) chile relleno was amazing! Stuffed with roasted zucchini,  onions and potatoes. The perfectly spicy ancho chilie was nicely contrasted with the sweetness of the veggies inside. My only complaint was that I had to ask my server for a fresh order of corn pudding b/c it was over done.  If you're familiar from Southern corn pudding, its not really like that. Theirs is thin and more dense like corn bread. But very delish! All the food was great and the atmosphere was rather unexpected for a restaurant in Tempe Marketplace. I was transported to another place. Refreshing. Bon Appetite!
4	So when I heard that we were going out to Maria Maria, I had thing idea that we were going to small hole in the wall barrio restaurant with homemade horchata and flan with some authentic Mexican cuisine.  I would have been totally cool with that and if I ended up at a taco truck or a small taqueria, I would have never looked back.  I didn't realize it was gonna be an uber fancy Mexican food joint right in a classy Tempe newly made mall.  They had some people playing live music (my party decided we were going to get up and dance like it was 1999 while we waited for our food, with everybody nearby looking at us like we were fools).   But I fully enjoyed my chicken and mole tortilla casserole along with a delicious tasting set of sorbet (zesty lime, pineapple mint, and colima tamarind) for dessert.  You don't get a whole lot of sorbet but the flavors were quite mouth watering and I have never really tasted this kind of luscious sorbet flavors before.  Watch out...those $13 margaritas will add up really quickly if you aren't too careful.  The one thing I got a laugh out of was that most of their burritos are stated on the menu to be "mexicanized version of the classic American burrito."  Isn't that an oxymoron?  I'll go with the sweet mole over the Mexicanized American burrito any day of the week.  =)
2	Who told Carlos Santana to open a restaurant chain? Between his god-awful shoe collection (apparently designed exclusively for hookers and the colorblind) and his collaborations with Rob Thomas (is that guy still around?), I would have thought he was pretty busy. But nope, no such luck.Enter Maria Maria, conveniently located at our newest soon-to-be-rundown fake-urban mall, Tempe Marketplace. It is, of course, a chain. But you knew that. It's pretty inside, though, and arguably less crass than some of its neighbors (*cough* Lucille's *cough*). Work lunch. Not my choice, but I'm game. Wait, how much for some enchiladas? $17? And no lunch menu? You've got to be fucking kidding me, hombre. I'm all for Nuevo Mexicano but we are at the goddamned MALL, Carlos. And that's a lot of dinero for some tortillas and beef. The food was...fine. Not gross, just boring as hell. The guacamole was pretty good, but considering its size (not huge) and price (I forget - maybe $10) it wasn't memorable. If you're prepared to go the pricey guac route, just go to Los Sombreros instead.When it comes to Maria Maria, I think Carlos said it best: "Just forget about it."
3	I wanted to hate this place more than I do, but it's not that bad.   Been here a few times and the food was average to above average.  Drinks were normal, but any specialty drinks or tequilas seemed expensive. The nachos were very good, and different than most places.  I liked the music, and no they don't play much Santana at all.The staff is young and inexperienced, so service is hit or miss.  If I had to hang out at Tempe Marketplace I'd come back here I guess.
3	Oh, Carlos, why are you trying so hard to be hip?  From the shoes to the cheesy collaborations to this restaurant--it just screams middle age crisis.  And I love you.  I truly do.What I don't really enjoy is overpriced items based solely on name brand recognition as opposed to true quality.  Not that the quality was bad.  I actually enjoyed my duck quite a bit.  And I tried my mom's fajitas and they were nice.  And the appetizers (especially the queso) hit the spot.  (You did, however, fail miserably with the ceviche.)But when the food is only "good", I don't want to see ridiculous price tags.  I mean, fusion Mexican is still just a version of Mexican and an average of almost $20 per entree is just a bit ridiculous for just mediocre flavor combinations.  And the decor, while hip and trendy, is a bit garish after a while.  The band playing in the middle of the restaurant is also a bit obnoxious for those of us who came to actually eat a meal as opposed to going to a club atmosphere.Kudos, however, to the incredibly competent staff who took care of our large group so well.  They really did a phenomenal job for my grandpa's surprise 80th birthday and everything was right on cue.  And though this wasn't a reflection upon the restaurant, I tip my hat to the cute group of girls out celebrating a bachelorette party who took the time to sing "Happy Birthday" to my grandpa--seriously, it made his day!
3	I went here for dinner once. I saw duck tacos and got really excited because I love duck, but it wasn't really that good. They weren't really tacos as much as they were mini burritos or rolls. The chips and salsa didn't really stand out either as being anything special. The food and drinks are just ok. What I assume you would come for is the atmosphere. There's live music playing, and the decor is nice. Seems like they're going for the "romantic" vibe with the lighting, or lack thereof. The waitress was telling out that Carlos Santana was there, and pointed him out. He was really far away and I really didn't care. Anyway, I wasn't too impressed with the performer, and I can't imagine he was either. This place is good for large groups, and it worth a visit if you're in the area.
1	Not authentic.  Trying to pretend to have a nice selection of good dishes but ingredients are not quality.  Just run of the mill.  Not made with care.  Too salty to cover boring food.  Salsa was boring.  Chips were not freshly cooked.  Service was poor.  Like a chain.  Nothing special.  Not horrid, just tasteless and boring.  CHAINISH - like Olive Garden quality.  Great for kids.  Don't let the white table cloths and napkins fool ya.
4	I have to admit that I went in to this restaurant and was a little worried after reading the reviews that other Yelpers had given.  I did decide to go in and have my own experience and make my mind up about the place.  My best friend and I walked in and were immediately greeted by the cute hostess.  We asked to sit outside.  She sat us @ a middle table.  On the advice of my hair dresser we ordered the sangria.  Preston our waiter immediately brought out the chips and salsa.  Asked us if we had ever been there before and explained a few things.  Sangria was terrific.  Good choice on our parts.  Thanks Chris!  Not a TON of choices but different things to look over - different variations on classic mexican plates.  I ordered the Chicken ChivichangasCrispy flour tortillas filled with pulled chicken, pinto beans and cotija cheese topped with shaved romaine, red cabbage, chopped cilantro, chopped onions, salsa verde and crema.  This was spicy.  I like spicy.  The kind of spicy that lingers in the back of your throat for several minutes.  The pulled chicken was nicely flavored.  There was a LOT going on on my plate but everything I scooped up tasted just GOOD.  My best friend ordered Pork "Carnitas"Slow baked adobo marinated pork shoulder, topped with cured red onions and cucumber, served with smoky black bean sauce and fresh tomatillo salsa verde.  She wasn't a fan of the corn tortillas but that was her only dislike.  Everything else was good.  We took the majority of our food home because we were busy gossiping and talking.  Preston took great care of us.  He was attentive without being smothered.  When we were ordering I "quizzed" him on what he liked and he was very familiar with the menu.  Even offering his two cents when I did order.  Thanks Preston.  Can't wait to take the hubby back.
4	Went there while in Phoenix for work.  The ambience was nice and the food had a lot of flavor. I am not sure why other reviewers expected authentic mexican.  Walking into the place, you can tell this wasn't a typical mexican restaurant.  This food was more southwestern type cuisine, rather than mexican.  I'm from southern California and you figure out mexican places based on the menu.The salsas were flavorful.  I ordered the enchilada suizas.  the tomato cream sauce was great.  a lot of flavor.  Used the leftover sauce to dip chips.
2	Don't waste stomach space on Maria2 in an area this full of tasty restaurants... sugary margaritas, sloppily presented meals, stale chips...You can do better...
4	After reading the other reviews for Maria Maria I had reserved myself to not being impressed with this place. Maybe that is the key... set your expectations low and you won't be disappointed. Well that is true for just about anything, but definitely is leading to my favorable review of Maria Maria:). my observations... * upon walking in i liked the decor and the patio with the enormous ceiling fan was very cool. * loved the chips and salsa! * service was attentive and friendly * I should have stuck with the lunch combinations because Beef Chivichangas was f*ing enormous! but still pretty good. I do not like beans in any kind of burrito unless it is just a bean and cheese burrito but still enjoyed this. * I will probably come back again!Hope this helps:)
5	Did you ever wonder why most Mexican food places taste the same? I mean, there's a range of flavors across American cuisine... why isn't it the same with Mexican food.Turns out, there is some variety. It just tends to get glossed over and dumbed down. But not at Maria Maria.I have no idea if this is authentic Mexican food or not. I only know that's damned tasty. Yes, you're going to encounter strange spices and flavors that you aren't used to. Yes, it's going to make you wonder exactly what it is you are eating. And yes, you're going to enjoy the experience.My personal recommendations: chili rellenos. I'm a sort of connoisseur of this dish. I've found three places on the planet that make them the best: this is one. They take liberal poetic license with the dish. And gods, I love them for it.The carnitas are also fantastic. Very rich and flavorful.  My wife always -- and I mean always -- gets the seafood guacamole and a side of plantains. She's happy for days after.Go. Now.
2	Awful. The baked cheese tasted like Spaghetti O's. The food was over spiced or bland and nothing in between. The only thing at our table that tasted okay was the Mango Salad with the dressing on the side. Dressing on side was key, because otherwise it comes drenched. First and last time I go to Maria Maria.
2	I guess I'll never know from personal experience if Maria Maria worked out the kinks.  We stopped in this evening and were told it would be 10 minutes for a table.  Not a big deal, but why a wait at all?  There were at least 10 empty tables in view that were ready for seating.  During our wait, we noticed the other couple ahead of us finally get seated at a table that had been empty from the time we arrived.  What the hell is this about? Make your customers wait so you appear busier and more desirable than you actually are?  No thanks, we left.
1	After pursuing my fellow yelpers reviews of Maria Maria my friends and I decided to give it a shot......I figured everything would come out on 1 side of the 50/50 split but my opinion ended up being exactly the same as the overall consensus here!  Service......Maria Maria was 1 step BELOW the worst service I've had in the last 5 years.  Is it wrong of me to tell you our waitresses name so you can AVOID her?  It was pretty clear she was just there for the paycheck and couldn't give 2 s*its about our experience.  Our water glasses were more empty then full, had to ask for refills on chips, appetizers came out literally at the same time as the meal, WE GOT ID'd (just a mini annoyance...) Allow me to go on.....my friend with a sensitive stomach asked if her enchilada's would be spicy and the waitress told her no......lets just say she could only consume a bite before she was done!  When she told the waitress she actually asked if she could bring out some sour cream.   HELLLOOO??!!  The food.....was actually pretty good.  Nothing amazing, but better than the local taco bell.  You could probably get the same thing at an On The Border Chain for about $50 less.  EVERYTHING was totally overpriced, including the drinks.....$10 for a margarita?  Atmosphere....seemed really cool until we realized it was actually about 84 degree's inside.  I am not exaggerating, there was sweat beaded on our bodies!  (ew!)  We asked why it was so warm and our waitress made a face and agreed before she "remembered" they were a green restaurant and hence were conserving energy.  HIGHLY suspicious however when at 7pm the lights dimmed and the A/C came blasting on (aka when energy rates decrease....coincidence? I think not!)  NO offer to move outside under the misters or to a different table, even after I mentioned I was worried the projection tv was going to give me a headache.  VERY sports bar in a otherwise classy placeAll in all 4 out of 4 people agreed we would not return to Maria Maria anytime soon.  I would recommend it for a sunday cocktail if you can tolerate the heat, or if you happen to WORK at tempe marketplace I would suggest the chicken chopped salad.  (Which wasn't chopped btw, but was delicious......for $14 bucks)   TO-GO!
3	We went here last night on a whim, wanting to try a new Mexican place. The decor is gorgeous! The wait staff was a bit slow, but the chips and salsas were great - you get three with your chips - sweet/fruity, traditional, and a great smoky/spicy one.The Husband order the chicken chimi and really liked it, and I went with grilled chicken tacos, which were FANTASTIC!Outside of the slow service, it was pretty great. Not a place to bring kids though. I will definitely be back!
4	I'm a little surprised by the number of so-so reviews of this place.  I had the Crispy Chicken Flautas appetizer as my meal.  They were filling, but more importantly, they were deliciously spicy; I really could've used a glass of milk to cool off!  I'm looking forward to going back and trying something different.
3	The service...slow.  The food...tasty but spicy.  The atmosphere...quiet.  The drinks...excellent. They are slightly overpriced and if you have children in your party they may not be able to eat anything here.  I had the carnitas which was tasty but not tender and the more of it I consumed the hotter it got. Fortunately for my group our waitress was attentive and kept our water glasses full and we thanked her for it. Overall the food was good but hot.
3	Located at the head of Tempe Marketplace's gimmicky "District", Maria Maria is, I think, intended to be the capstone destination for the Marketplace. Inside, the ambiance is reminiscent of Scottsdale's doomed "Pink Taco", but with more guitars. A Rivera-esque mural dominates one wall, while the bar is backed by a sprawling tree of candles that evokes images of an intricate family tree. Ceiling-high windows inside give picture-perfect views of the Barnes and Noble neon sign, just feet away.The food was not bad. The steak tacos were better than I expected, actually. Portions were generous yet still consisted of what seemed to be fresh ingredients. The three salsas we were brought weren't bad, either. However, the prices were a bit steep. We tried the $9 guacamole appetizer, which was fine, but worth half the price. We didn't have any problems with service. In fact, the food came out in less than ten minutes. As another reviewer put it, Maria Maria is like the Mexican P.F. Chang's. If you know what you're in for, it's A-OK. I'd do Maria again.
2	Nice place, nice decor, roomy/huge (empty) patio (with no service on a Friday night - we had to schlep our own drinks!!!) but...Big large room - rather cavernous...with a small band playing in the main room, diners chatting, etc. it was way too hard to have a decent dinner conversation.Wait and bar staff were friendly.  Host was kind of a cold fish.We waited about 25 minutes on a Friday night and the place was certainly not jammed.Food was average at best - small portions for the money.  No one in our party of 6 raved about any of their dishes.  Salsa containers (for hot salsa) are so ridiculously small you can barely get a chip in there to dip!!!  What's up with that?  The salsa was not that good either.Good margs - especially the sangria marg but that's about it.Nice place too bad the food does not live up the decor/vibe.  I get the feeling they could be killing a good concept unless they improve the food.I may try again for lunch to see if it improves over time...but only if I'm in the area.  They did have nice clean restrooms which is always one of my barometers for how they operate...nothing worse than a dirty/disgusting restroom in a restaurant.
4	I'm torn on 4 or 3 stars.  I thought the food was good.  They bring you 3 types of salsa. We arrived to a really good 2 person band performing on thursday night.  Its just a nice place to hang out.  I would have to rate it was expensive.  I had the seafood guac.  Wow was it good.  $15 but the quality and taste made it worth every penny.  I probably would have given it 3 stars if it wasnt owned by Santana I admit I like music and I like live music places.
4	I've eaten here a few times and, like the four star rating says, I'm a fan.  Great interior decorating and a comfortable atmosphere.  Very cozy.  I also enjoyed eating in the outside patio area.Although I've never been there when it's been going on, it seems like they have a small stage area for live music.  That would be nice to catch but I wouldn't plan my evening around it.My favorite is the Mexican sandwich.  Actually it's the only sandwich they have and I'm not sure they should add any others as this is the only sandwich I would order.  Comes with sweet potato fries that are phenomenal.  I LOOOOOOOVE the sweet potato fries =)Overall, great place to eat for Mexican food but not the "best" Mexican food around.  They're pricey too but since they do have some unique dishes, a great location, and a nice atmosphere in general, I wouldn't pass this place up.
1	Absolutely terrible. I would give this place 0 stars if I could. I was with a group of 6 other people and none of us enjoyed our meal. The chips and salsa (a staple at any Mexican food restaurant) was a far cry from pretty much any other restaurant in the valley (Mexican and otherwise). As for the cost, I would put these entrees (and lunch specials, even) on the "expensive" side of the scale. The service was acceptable, although I can only suspect the wait staff expects large tips from their hugely inflated bills. Sadly, they may not get any return customers with the quality of their food the way it is.
1	What ever you do don't waste your money here.  I am not the person who likes to send food back, in fact I hate to do it.  I had no choice here, this was by far the worst mexican food I have eaten.  The food has such a horrible after taste.  I not only hated my meal but tried my boyfriends as well and it was still terrible.  The service compares to the food, we waited forvever just for a server to come over and greet us.  I wouldn't even recommend this place to my enemies.
3	my honey and I went here on our tuesday night after pre marital counseling class dinner, it was a beautiful night.The outside was way cool, I figured it out it was the Santana restaraunt! Maria Maria .... get it , It took me a sec . hee heeSo cool , I had the Sangria it is made with brandy I have never had  it that way before, I had the chimichangas because I was told everything was pretty spicy, I only look spicy I actually hate spicy food, Flavorful yes hot spicy No!So the chicken in my chimis was MUY CALIENTE! overstuffed with pinto beans but the delicious thing ,almost a crepe, its shell  was delicious mmmm. and the crema mmmm tasty but hot :(The atmosphere was cozy, candles and great music :) seating spread out I like that, nice decor My honey had the fish tacos which had a sauce that was also hot hot hot, but he said really good besides that his looked way more interesting than mine but what do you want I ordered a chimichanga lol , we also ordered the guacamole YUM!!! oh my very fresh and super tasty, limy! love that.Great chips and the service was good , it was not a busy night.
3	A quick lunch with a friend and this place wasn't bad.  I was surprised that it was very empty on a Monday shortly after 12 for the lunch rush?  I did my Usual which was Fish Taco's that were very good.   My Friend had the Maria Maria Burrito which was enough for two! The meal started with Fresh chips and Three different Salsa offerings.  This was mice since you usually only get one!  Service was good and the place was clean
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food9 Service8 Atmosphere7 ValueUnless she's the kind of girl you're really not looking for much conversation from, make sure you don't let them seat you right next to the live music.
1	We were starving one night and thought we would try this place out, not the best idea we had. The food is gross and over priced, and the service is bad. The only thing that we liked was the band. This might be an alright place to have a drink but don't eat here.
4	I'm shocked to see there aren't many great reviews for Maria Maria.  My wife and I have been there several times, including a breakfast stop and always come away very happy.The steak fajitas are so good my mouth is watering as I type this.  They give you several salsas with your meal and my favorite is the chipotle style creamy sauce that comes with the fajita.  This is the stuff that dreams are made of.  Also their guacamole is so good and fresh.  Love the salsas as well!  Everything else on the menu, though is a little off.  Don't bother with the mole, it was just gross.Very cool decor and sometimes they have live guitar.  Very classy Mexican restaurant.  Go for the steak fajita, guacamole and salsa.
4	We came here for a late lunch.  This is named after Carlos Santana's song.It wasn't too crowded and one wall of the restaurant is a long bar.  It is lined with a fairly large collection of tequila.  The dipping sauces was a hot green sauce, and smokey taste sauce and a fresh cut salsa. I ordered carnitas and it was sauteed and fairly spicy, a tomatia tangy dipping sauce and a side of black beans.Overall a pretty good experience.
3	Meh. While they serve a decent house margarita, their service is spotty and the food, kind of bland. I'll recommend it as a good place to go to meet someone at the huge-ass bar for chips, salsa and margaritas. That's it.
3	The best thing about this place is the atmosphere.  They really do have a nice setup in there, and the food is stylish.Unfortunately, if you're going to the restaurant to eat (but really, who does that?), it's nothing special.  I had the Chimichangas (which they for some reason spell with a 'v'), and while it was certainly edible, and enormous, it didn't really have much flavor.  It seems they think dousing something with spicy hot sauce is enough.  I like spicy food as much and anybody, but spice alone is not enough to make a good dish.The portions were more than enough, but I'd rather have great tasting food that satisfies my hunger than a boat load of passable food.
4	One of my new favorite places!  I have been 3 or 4 times now, service was great with the exception of this last trip.  I particularly love that they don't shy away from spice.  They fully embrace it which is fantastic since most places make things a lot less spicy.  We've had a few different item's all portions are generous, even the lunch portions and I haven't had anything we didn't totally love!
4	Had an amazing dinner last night.  I had heard from this place from my friend at work.  I saw the menu online and had to check it out.  I started with the coconut civeche which is citrus marinated snapper tossed with diced bell peppers, scallions, cilantro and coconut habanero sauce.  It was very good.  We then ordered two entrees first the Soft Duck Tacos which are soft corn tortillas filled with slow braised shredded duck, covered with a roasted tomato-habanero cream sauce, topped with chopped onion, cilantro and sesame seeds.  They were really yummy and you get 3 of them which is more than enough to fill you up.  I got the Veracruz Style Seafood CasseroleFillet of mahi-mahi, clams and shrimp, baked with roasted tomato sauce, olives, capers, chorizo and roasted poblano peppers.  It was amazing.  I will totally go back again and if you haven't been you should totally check it out.
5	I absolutely love this place. I usually avoid restaurants that are owned by celebrities. The chips are made fresh. My boys have made their way through most of the menu and have not been disappointed by any. I enjoy the seafood guacamole. Also, the fried plantains are to die for. They remind me of being in Belize.We have introduced several friends and they have their new favorite spot.
2	I have been here twice now...and I was completely underwhelmed both times.  The first time the service was terrible, even though there were only a few tables occupied at the restaurant.On my second visit I was with a group and we were having a 3 course menu.  We started with the duck tacos, and I was very excited about these, but when they came out, they were smothered in enchilada sauce.  A taco is supposed to be a food that you can pick up with your hands and eat, these needed a fork.  The sauce was very overpowering, so the duck flavor was hidden.  For my entree, I chose the Chicken Enchiladas....when they came out, I thought I was being punked, they looked just like the duck tacos, only bigger.  I took a bite, and they tasted just like the duck tacos too!   The same sauce was used, and once again, it masked the flavor of the filling.  Our table was very confused as to why these two dishes were exactly the same yet, one was called a taco and the other an enchilada.The chips and salsa were decent, as was the Mexican Lime Tart, but I will probably only return if it is for some sort of group event...this is not somewhere I would chose to go on my own.
3	Though we didn't love the food, we did love the customer service!  The manager went way above the call of duty.  When the childrens rice proved to spicy for 3 year old, she ran next door to the sushi restaurant and brought her white rice!  We'd go back just for the service!
1	Our second time to this restaurant confirmed that we will never be back!We decided to stop with out of town guests we had just picked up from the airport, as atmosphere was the one memorable thing we liked from our first visit, and always believe everyone deserves a second chance.Our one guest is a seasoned executive chef from the Caribbean - and you can only imagine our embarrassment by #1 - the totally uncongenial and poor service we received at the bar.  To add insult to injury, we decided to start with a Quesadilla.  Now I'm not certain how you can ruin something as simple as this - but Maria Maria seems to have mastered the art of making what we all decided was the worst any of us had ever had!  As a result, we opted to forgo dinner here, and left - never to return again!What a shame ... beautiful decor, great lighting, good music - but service and food quality have much to be desired!
2	This restaurant has a great decor and vibe and definitely ample outdoor space. Their food tastes great and the beer was cold with good service.I had the shrimp and crab stuffed greenpeppers. The shrimps were the size of my thumbnails. Since there was no lights at our table, I couldn't see the crab meat to confirm there was any crabmeat present. I certainly couldn't taste any crabmeat. My wife had a shrimp fajita which would be a children's version at Chili's if Chili's had such a dish.Bottom line, my wife and I walked away hungry after spending $53 for dinner.
5	This review is only applicable to Happy Hour. Two dollar Coronas and free chips and salsa while sitting outside on a beautiful late afternoon! Woohoo!
4	I ate here for the first time for lunch today. We went in around 2:30pm and the place was dead. We were sat quickly. It took a while for us to be greeted and after waiting for 5 minutes the bartender finally came over to help us. We received super yummy chips and salsa to start off with. I ordered the fish tacos and they were by far some of the best fish tacos I have ever had. I wish they had come with rice and beans or something but it was definitely enough food. Our server was cute and filled my iced tea several times without me asking. I'd definitely eat here again. It looks like a cute place to take a date!
3	I've wanted to try this place for a while, so I finally talked my boyfriend into going before a movie. He was reluctant because he had been to another location and felt it was just "so,so".  Well he was right.  When we walked in the host and hostess seemed confused, as to what we might be doing there... um we would like a table, please!  So they looked at the computer and at each other and decided to sit us at a two top table which shared a bench with a family with young kids, meanwhile the restaurant was about 80% empty.  The service was okay, but we had to wait about 20 minutes for our check which was a little annoying.   We would have gladly ordered another beer while we were waiting for it, but we were never asked.  As for the food, the chips and salsa were decent and my veggie enchiladas were good.  I don't really have anything to complain about, it just didn't blow me away in one direction or another. If I could give it a 2.5 I would.
3	1st visit---friend invited me to hear a band. Two played that night, both great.2nd visit---I returned to see that band. Oh and it was Reverse Happy Hour so I had two goooood margharitas. Sat at the bar.3rd visit----that band and Reverse Happy Hour with two margharitas and guacamole. Good guacomole, chunky like I like it. Sat at the bar.So that's the extent of my menu exploration there. The manager comped that guac because per her estimation it took far too long to deliver. (We weren't complaining, simply asking about it, and she took charge. I think that was good customer service. But really for me, and almost most importantly (I'm always looking for good live music), the music has been great each time---funky, latin, soulful rhythms. Yup I go back for the music but the fresh margaritas and chunky guac don't hurt at all. *Sadly the bands names won't come to me, and that is NOT a reflection on their performance, but let's just suspect that going on a Friday or Saturday night won't disappoint!
4	From a Mexican girl, who adores exploring all that Mexican cuisine has to offer, I felt as though this place was an excellent place to experience Mexican cuisine.  I went with my brother and his super fun girlfriend one night and had a very nice evening!  What stood out to me was the kind of food they had to offer.  The regional reach this restaurant has was very gratifying being that in my family road trip travels through along the eastern coast of Mexico to our destination, and my birthplace, Veracruz their nostalgia laden menu stirred me inside.  What was particularly satisfying was the fact that they had some dishes like the fried plantanes (platanos machos) with the sticky sweet condensed sweetened milk to compliment the caramelized fruit.  They also had "frijoles rancheros" or ranch style beans, a black bean soup dish that is starchy and satisfying and brought me back to times of being served the frijoles rancheros by my abuelita, may she R.I.P.  The decor was very nice, and so were the wait staff.  I really enjoyed this place and I have a very soft spot for it in my heart because of the type of regional dishes they serve and their ability to bring my memories of childhood dish delights to my current self.
4	Great place to dine on Mexican food with a twist, and sip on yummy cocktails, sangrita margarita is my fave, while enjoying the ambiance and decor!  The location at Tempe Market Place makes it a great place to grab drinks and dinner with friends, before seeing a movie at the TMP, and of course the shopping.  I love the Carlos Santana inspirations all throughout the restaurant.  It is slightly pricey, but its quality food with unique ingredients.  The chicken enchilada suizas are really great, and I love the duck tacos!
2	I've eaten before, but tonight was just a social mixer. Let's start off with the obvious; Food...like the 2 stars headed "Meh. I've experienced better"  I feel like they try to wow you with the portions and the extra side of garnish with your burrito or what they call a burrito...  Really!? How about giving me something that taste good!  Service - no complaints, time and time again Maria Maria has showed me some Love Love.  The place is pretty swanky, low lights and nice decors of Santana's cover artwork.  Live music on Friday & Saturday nights, but you best hope it's not some rock band cause the place can get loud - wha? - yes LOUD!
1	Its a chain.  Nothing more.
5	Just wanted to add since I've become a vegetarian these guys have always been great with answering questions, or helping me remove the meat and make options vegetarian.  And they do have a few very good already vegetarian options on the menu!
4	For some reason I wasn't expecting this place to be any good.  It is almost trendy to not like this place.  I guess it is an easy target for people around here because it is a chain, an entertainer's name is attached to it, and prices are more than Applebees.  I however, can think for myself and keep an open mind.I knew going in that this was going to be typical "Mexican" food joint like Garcias or whatever you people consider to be good Mexican food.  The food is obviously Mexican inspired and their special twist is added to each dish.  Again, if you want "Mexican" food, go somewhere else to get your chimichanga.Anyway, I went there last night with a party of 6 at around 7ish.  The place was probably 1/2 full and we were seated promptly.  The decor is unique for the area and quite a nice change.  It was almost like you aren't in Tempe Marketplace.  There was also live music that surprisingly wasn't too loud so we could all converse without straining to hear or be heard.To start you get chips and salsas.  The chips were fresh and pretty good.  The salsas were also very good and 2 of them had a nice kick to them.  We also ordered the guacamole.  It was eh and lacked pizazz.  It was just basically mushed up avocado and nothing more.  Well nothing more I could taste really.  For my meal I ordered the steak fajitas and they were excellent.  Tender strips of steak, sauteed peppers/onions and full of juicy goodness.  The bacon they add, which sounds gross, was actually a solid addition.  I would definitely order the dish again.I agree that the prices are too steep.  Everything should be about $5 less.  However, most of their menu looks excellent and I would like to come back to try more stuff.The service was excellent up until the end where he royally messed up our checks and quickly brushed us off to his manager because he couldn't be bothered to deal with it.I had a $40 cert from Local Dines (http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ) that I got for $20.  It came in handy and is the best deal around.  The only crappy part is that places sometimes act like they have never seen a gift certificate before and it turns into a clusterfuq.
2	My parents love this place. They ranted and raved about how great it was so when my mom invited me to go there for a girls night, I was happy to try it out.The restaurant itself is gorgeous. Fake trees covered in lights...the whole nine yards. I hear they have live music on the weekends. The stage was beautiful.Everything was pretty expensive but I don't mind spending $15 on a meal if it's worth it. I ordered the vegetarian enchiladas and a margarita. The margarita was alright. Nothing too special. Definitely not a twelve dollar margarita. As for the food, well it was horrible. My enchilada had cinnamon on it. CINNAMON. It didn't say that it would have cinnamon on the menu. I HATE cinnamon. I was really polite about it when I mentioned it to the waitress and she said, "Well AUTHENTIC mexican food usually has cinnamon on the main dishes."Excuse me? My last name is Montoya and I was running around in diapers eating fresh tortillas before this waitress was even born. My family visits Mexico multiple times a year and I was raised on homemade mexican food. Not once EVER has there been cinnamon in it. I wouldn't have been mad about the cinnamon if she hadn't said that. It is NOT authentic mexican food. I have no idea what she was thinking.If you like overpriced 'mexican' food that tastes nothing like mexican food and love dessert spices on your enchiladas, then I'd suggest coming here!Stick to the bar for the atmosphere because it's lovely but avoid the food at all costs.
3	Among the best margaritas I've had in the valley! Get the house margarita and you will not be dissappointed. Now the food is a different story, I've tried multiple plates here, and have only really liked one, the Chipotle Shrimp. It's delicious!  Also try going for happy, as the small plates and street tacos and pretty decent and the margaritas are only $5. Just to sum up, go for the margaritas and happy hour and stay away from their regular menu food. Should you decide to order something, get the Chipotle Shrimp.
4	My husband and I went here on a recommendation from someone who is more into the fine dining type places. Her other recommendations have not been that great but since someone else told me this place was good as well, we decided to try it. I have to admit, I didn't have high hopes though. Boy was I wrong!!! I really enjoyed Maria Maria. My husband seemed to enjoy it as well although he felt it was a little more pricey than other mexican influenced places. The atmosphere was really nice and the service was great. Our waiter was attentive and did a great job of recommending certain dishes and describing what was in them. We opted for the street taco sampler for our appetizer (street taco's with steak, chicken, and carnitas). The carnitas were the best!!! My husband was amazed by them. For dinner, I chose the carnitas chili relleno and boy am I glad I did. It was amazing and the beans and rice it was served with were great as well. So much flavor. The sauce that was around the relleno was awesome as well and I was surprised it could taste that good having carrot and cinnamon in it! My husband decided on the beef chivichanga (same as a chimichanga, I was told they used to bake them, hence the name change but that didn't work out well so they started frying them). He said it was ok but I know he wished he had ordered what I got. Luckily, the portion was so large for me that he got to eat half of mine :)   We also ordered a side of the fried plantains, something I had never had. They were wonderful and the cheese on them put them over the top! The chips and salsa served pre meal were good as well. We loved the green and the regular salsa the most. The orange smoky one was ok but not my kinda salsa. I would say that their regular salsa was some of the best I have ever had! All in all, the food exceeded our expectations and the portions were bigger than we thought as well. Also the prices were not unreasonable. Yes, 17.00 for a relleno is a little high, but it was worth it considering it is one of the best rellenos I have ever had! The hubs chivichanga was only 12.00 which wasn't bad. Another nice thing was the music. Even before the live music started, classic rock hits were played which is our type of music. The live music was really nice as well. The hub loves Latin acoustic music. All in all, the meal was almost outstanding. About the only thing I wasn't a fan of was the red sangria. Most people will probably think I am crazy but I felt it was too strong. I thought sangria was supposed to be a little sweet and mine was not that way at all. Other than that, the overall experience was great. We will definitely go back!
2	I wasn't expecting authentic Mexican food but I was expecting good quality food for the price. The flavors where decent bit the meat was fatty and not cooked properly and expensive.
1	I hate to give Maria Maria 1 star, but I don't have a choice, and here's why. My husband, In-laws and I  headed on over for a lovely dinner at Maria Maria. For a Sunday night it wasn't as busy as I expected, but whatever. The decor was cool and the service was excellent. They bring out 3 different kinds of salsas and they were all very very good. The Sangrias were half off and that was even better. So my brother in law and I ordered the fish tacos, and my sister in law ordered the chicken burrito and my husband ordered chicken something. Anyway, the food was excellent, everything was cooked with lots of flavor and had a kick in every bite. Here I thought we just found our new favorite mexican restaurant. Now here comes  the 1 star - the next day I felt awful, and I'll just keep it at that. Later on I got a text from my sister in law saying she felt awful and her husband stayed home from work because, you guessed it, he felt awful too. So we all felt like crap. Coinkadink? I think not. Not a good day for the three of us, however my husband was untouched by the horiffic consequences of eating there, that is until today. Two days after we ate there it finally hit him. Bad food? Someone forget to wash their hands? No idea, but that's the last time any of us are going there. Food poisoning is not fun people. It's too bad because it really was good, but not worth it for me to try it again. So thank you Maria Maria for giving me the day off!
4	I went there today and actually really liked it. They bring chips and salsa for appetizer. The chips were ok. They brought 3 different salsas, and the green one was by far the best one.  We ordered for dinner the steak diablo and the shrimp fajitas. we both really liked the steak diablo. It was a skirt steak with sauce that was really flavorful. I was surprised at how much i liked it. The shrimp fajitas were good, but not as good as the steak. Also, although I"m a corn tortilla fan, their flour tortillas tasted better (they offer both). The place is a little pricey, especially if you're going to drink alcohol. I didn't try any, but margaritas start at 7 dollars.The ambiance and decoration in the restaurant is nice, and we were surprised that a texmex restaurant would be playing non-stop salsa while we were there, but I don't mind as I prefer to hear that.It's definitely not authentic Mexican food, but I did enjoy my meal, and might go back for it.
3	Beautiful decor and cool atmosphere can't make up for the less than stellar service and bland food. I was actually really excited about going here because I'd heard great things, but it seems it was just more hype since it was Santana's restaurant.The tortillas were really dry and food wasn't really that distinctive. I loved their chunky salsa though, which tasted very fresh. I was bummed that it took them nearly 10 minutes for them to refill my ice tea and it wasn't even that busy for a lunch hour. I really want to like you Maria Maria, but our first date was kind of a bust.
2	In a word -- Blah.  It's a chain so I didn't expect much, and in this case my expectations were correct. I ordered the shrimp tacos were alright, but nothing to write home about.  My take is that the food is mediocre and overpriced.  Plus the service was sub-par; we waited over 15 minutes to get our drinks refilled and when we asked for separate checks the server grumbled about it.  Believe me, there is better, cheaper, and more authentic Mexican food in Arizona.
4	I I was recently in Arizona and had the pleasure of eating at this establishment.  From the moment you walk in you are surrounded by a pleasant atmosphere and great service.  The menu has a wide variety of food and the chips and salsa appetizer is fresh and tasty.  I recommend the Steak Diablo but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  For those who brave the cold Arizona winters, they have a great patio with a fireplace close by.  Overall, a great restaurant with excellent food and atmosphere.
2	Guacamole was the the highlight of this meal.  The good friends dining with me too but that was pretty much it.  The a/c was not working correctly so it was unpleasant inside, my group considered going to a different restaurant in Tempe Market Place but stayed since none of us had eaten there before and when the appetizer (guac) arrived we thought we felt some cool air, but it only last for the next 20 minutes. I had the pork tacos.  For $16 it was a skilled of pork that was dry.  It had a nice seasoning but when the server placed the skillet in front of me, it looked as if it was sitting in the back ready for the past 30 minutes before it actually came to me.  It came with a little bit of beans, a lime wedge and 4 tortillas.  My counterparts meals were okay, they didn't say really if it they liked it or not.The strange part came towards the end of our meal, our waters were not re-filled, nor was my iced tea.  That bugs me especially when it was stifling hot in there. I am pretty sure the server was trying to leave b/c she kept grabbing for the bill, but we had not paid it yet.... I realized she wanted to leave but it was 10pm, hardly that late.
2	Meh.Pros: Nice atmosphere; bar is gorgeous. Good music playing. Great drinks (I had the red wine sangria and a sample of the Maria Maria marg).Cons: Very overpriced. I had the chili rellanos with shrimp and crab. For the price, I expected the chilies to be exploding with shrimp and crab stuffing. I'm pretty sure I only saw two shrimp in both chilies. Stuffing flavor seemed to be ok, but it was so spicy I couldn't really taste the flavor after the fifth bite or so. I'm all for spicy food, but when you can't taste anything, what's the point? The husband got the crab and shrimp enchiladas; out came three very small corn tortillas with the same stuffing issue that I had. There was hardly anything in there.  Very few menu items come with a side, so if you want more to eat, you'll have to order it at another $4-5 per side.  My father got the skirt steak with (cactus) salad. His steak looked fine, but he got barely two tablespoons of salad. That was it.Guacamole was decent (not the best I've had); chips were decent but salsas were all pathetic. Chocolate mousse was pretty good, but in the end, it's just mousse.Good concept but they need to either rethink their pricing strategy or really make it worth your time to go down there. We're Arizonans; we're used to killer Mexican food.
2	Alright, so I've been here twice.  The atmosphere is ok, seating is a little awkward and the lighting could be better.  The service is decent, or about as decent as you can expect.  As for the food, it could be better.  While my dish (the steak quesadilla) was pretty good, some of the other dishes weren't so hot.  When I took my family, I was the only one who liked mine....everyone else ended up leaving half of theirs behind.  And considering the price of the place, it could be a whole lot better.  If I were you, I wouldn't put this place on the "must go" list.
1	Sadly, we were unimpressed with Maria Maria at Tempe Marketplace. We were there at about 2pm on a Sunday, so we figured we'd have the whole place to ourselves, which we did, and unfortunately, that included the wait staff. Service was terrible, it took 10 mins for someone to show up at our table, we ordered drinks and water and the water never came. We ordered the baked cheese appetizer and they brought it out with no warm tortillas. We searched for our waitress or the waitress that brought out the dip, but no one was around, for at least 10 minutes. The table next to us also had no attention. We decided then that we weren't going to finish our meal there. The chips and salsa they brought out was fine, they had a couple of hot salsas that were good. I'm a fan of all things tomatillo, so it was good to have that option on the table. Back to the baked cheese with chicken, chorizo and ham. It was OK, but was difficult to eat with only chips. Also, it had a strong cinnamon flavor in it and that wasn't appealing to us. I have read a couple of reviews regarding the cinnamon in some of their dishes. I get that they are trying to put their spin on the food, but like I said, it didn't work well. So, we ended up leaving and going to our favorite Mexican dive called Armando's on McKlintock and Guad. I will now be writing a glowing review for them!
4	Seeing that I have eaten at pretty much every restaurant at Tempe Marketplace I decided to try Maria Maria for lunch with my friend since I've heard good things about it. Loved the ambiance inside the restaurant, it was very open and had a trendy,colorful, posh vibe going on. They started us off with chips and 3 different salsas (which if it's good I can make a meal off alone) one had a  smoky chipotle flavor, the other one was spicy and I tasted lots of cilantro, garlic and maybe tomatillo and the third one was a more standard medium chunky salsa, they were all delish! My fav had to be the cilantro garlicky one.  I ordered the lunch combo that came with an entree and soup or salad. I got the chicken enchiladas "suizas" and the spinach and mango salad. The tomato cream sauce and cheese on the enchiladas was heavenly and the raisins, slivered almonds and vinaigrette worked well with the spinach and mango.  Overall the service and food were great! It was pretty empty for lunch so I would like to come back during dinner time to see this place in action!
3	I have to say the restuarant had a great atmosphere. The entire Tempe Marketplace is very cozy. I enjoyed the chips and the three salsa dips but I have to admit I was slightly disappointed in my meal. I ordered Chile Releno and it didn't look very appetizing. I ended up eatting my dates food. His food was much yummier. I will have to try this restuarant again to determine if it was just a bad menu choice. The waitress was friendly and nice. Therefore I will give the restuarant another opportunity.
3	$1 tacos on tuesday... the tacos are pork or chicken on a flour tortilla with cabbage, lime, and cilantro. The meat is roasted and marinated in a sweet kind of tex mex sauce, then shredded for tacos. Their sparkling sangrias are so yum o! Made with fresh fruit!
2	interesting that this place closed. I tried Maria Maria in Austin and had a great meal. Tempe was a different story. So-so food, sub-optimal service and an odd vibe.....guess they were almost gone.
3	I can't believe this place closed. They had fantastic service and a delicious chocolate mousse! My husband and I came here one night because I was being picky and couldn't decide what I wanted to eat. The night was already pretty terrible and not even the lively atmosphere of this place could cheer me up. We sat on the patio, which was deserted. (The real party was going on inside.) Honestly, I can't even remember what I ordered, since I was in a terrible mood, but after much indecision, I ordered a dish with shrimp in it. It was way too spicy for me and I was really upset about this but stubbornly wouldn't switch dinners with my husband. The waiter noticed I wasn't enjoying my meal and offered to make me something else. This was really nice of him and really appreciated. The night got better when I ordered dessert. They had this delicious triple chocolate mousse. It had dark, milk, and white chocolate in a martini cup. Super delicious!
