4	This is what my mom and I like to call the budget buffet.Cheap to chow...and the food is relatively tasty.  The food isn't of the same quality as let's say the buffet at the MGM, but the price is about half.  The food here isn't as bland and tasteless as many other buffets either.  I would eat here before eating at RIO again!I am giving it 3 stars for the food and selection, plus a bonus star for the price.
4	Hubby has been here many times before when he's been on work related trips. He told me it was good and so we went there for lunch. I didn't know what to expect because I'm not really a big buffet person. When I go to a buffet, I end up eating the same old things. As long as they had the stuff I usually eat, I'm pretty happy.So the line was already kinda long when we got there. The buffet here doesn't just run through the day but instead, between breakfast, lunch and dinner, there is an hour's pause. They close between that time and then reopen.It didn't take long before we were through the line, paid and seated. At $8.95/person ($4.50 for lil guy) I thought it was pretty cheap. They had a BBQ station which has pork ribs, beef ribs, brisket, sausage, pulled lamb, chili and lil guy just dove straight into the pork ribs. They were pretty good. The beef ribs were so succulent and seriously, the brisket was some of the best I'd ever had. I generally don't like brisket because it tends to be dry, but this one was really really good. For something mass produced, it was awesome! SO much better than some of the BBQ places we've been to in the OC. The other thing I eat a lot of at a buffet is the peel and eat shrimp. The shrimp here is very fresh. Some buffets have the shrimps which have spotty black stuff along the under belly of the shrimp. These were just pink with no signs of that. I must've eaten a whole pound on my own. the crab legs were also surprisingly flavorful. I never like eating crab legs because they are almost always frozen (as these were), but, they had flavor.There is also a Mongolian, Chinese, Mexican, Italian and American station. Lil guy was content eating ribs, pizza and ice cream. I just ate the shrimp, crab legs, ribs, the jambalaya (too watery), some corn meal crusted catfish (really good), some veggies, fruit and I tried one of the sugar free cream puffs.The sugar free dessert varieties included pies and cakes too.For $8.95 you also get a drink which our server kept refilling. Service was good. We asked for various items and he brought them out really quickly. For me, this buffet sufficed. I've eaten at the Bellagio (and various other higher end buffets) and I end up only eating the shrimp and lamb chops anyway, so for about $30, it's not really worth it. This one works out just fine and for the price, the food is great.
4	First, let me say that I'm not one to eat at a buffet, sorely because i lose my appetite when I see piles of foods on trays lined up from one end of the wall to another.I was forced (yes, forced!) to go here with my family - party of 8 with two toddlers. Usually, for big parties wiith messy toddlers, the host would normally sit you in the corner away from other gobbling patrons, but not our case. we were just a few feet away from the food, yet not too close from foot traffic.(that's 1 star)The buffet, being in the Orleans casino, serves southren food (among other "international theme") - from crawfish to hush puppies. They also have cooked and raw oysters. Not bad for a $20. The only drawback is the desert section - they dont have much to offer tehre. But then again, I get stuffed easily and usually dont have much room for sweet shutffs.(that's 2 stars)This is no Rio buffet, so there's really not much waiting. However, being that it was graduation week, there were a lot of locals with their graduating kids (still on their cap n gown). Stilll, we only waited for about 8 minutes.(that's 1 star)I got a bad impression of our server at first because instead of neatly placing our silverwares on the table, she would just toss it from the other end of the table, so I had to catch my fork as bouncess across the table. (that's -1 star)
2	im a new orleans native so when i go somewhere taht uses the name i expect the taste to back it up.i give this place 2 stars because the food doesnt taste anything like new orleans cooking.  first off there too many different international themes for it to be called the french market buffet.  dont get me wrong the food is kind of tasty but its not New Orleans.if you go there with the mentality that its just another buffet you might enjoy yourself
4	I just went to this buffet this last weekend and boy was it worth it! The buffet was around $15 per person for dinner which wasn't too bad compared to all the other buffets esp. on the strip. They served all kinds of food like: italian, mexican, u.s.a., mongolian, chinese, bbq and delicious desserts. I was pleased with the variety of food and service was great. It was so much better than the Bellagio buffet. I totally recommend this place!
4	SO and i visited today - another freebie...overall, we liked it....even if we had to pay, i think it's worth the money...$15/ personplus - free glass of wine...sure it's table wine...but it's drinkable           bbq foods - ribs, pork and beef, pork loin, sausage           variety - like most casino buffets - about 7 food stations -               bbq, seafood, mongolian ( yes...they say mongolian            but i did not try any of the foods at this station ) chinese,          mexican, italian, etc         decent variety of dessertsminus - steak ( it was steak night ) - allegedly ny steak...hmmm               it ain't high quality, but i don't expect high quality !!!the drink server - very pleasant and attentivei would call it a "2nd tier" buffet, but it's one of the better 2nd tier places ( it's comparable to the green valley and red rock station casino's )Enjoy !
5	This is my favorite buffet in Vegas.  Cheap, No Lines and all you can eat Crawfish.  Has almost the same selection of food as the Rio Buffet and you'll never find a line here.  The desserts are delicious too, plenty of southern favorites.  But yeah I cant say enough about the all you can eat crawfish.  You pile a plate full of crayfish, clean them, eat them, and go back for more.  So remember this place if your in Vegas and its lunch time and you dont want to wait in a long line to eat.  Oh yeah did I say they had crayfish?
5	On a whim, I ended up spending Easter in Vegas.  In search of an Easter-worthy buffet, we ended up at French Market Buffet in the Orleans.  I anticipated the worst, knowing that buffets can often be filled with steamed scrambled eggs and microwaved ham.  Much to my pleasant surprise (a la the Easter Bunny bringing me a basketball hoop when I was 12 years old), the food was absolutely delicious.  The buffet has food stations for different types of food, and they all have cooks behind them doing it up right.  The food was average priced, but so much better than any of the others I've had in Vegas (even the ones I did like).  Although there was a huge line, it went by surprisingly quickly because they had plenty of tables to seat everyone.  I took a chance on them for Easter, and I will absolutely be back on my next trip out.
5	Good food, good service, good selection, good price, never a long wait... what more can i say!!
2	I don't honestly see what all the hype is about this place. I went after seeing numerous reviews in the past few weeks about how great this place is, how great the food is, how excellent the service is... The best part of the buffet... new york strip steak, onion rings and some beef lasagna. Other than that the food was mediocre at best, the desserts were kinda junky tasting and dry, and the service was very slow/rude. Our server was quite ornery and took almost 10 minutes to get steak knives for us after being asked. Never showed up with A1 sauce either. (She told us after the 10 mins and bringing back 1 knife... not 2...that she couldn't find any steak sauce.) The guy who was supposed to be carving the chicken/prime rib at the station wandered off for over 5 minutes, and there was quite a few people standing there waiting for service behind me... I was about ready to cut the bloody meat myself for everyone else who was waiting.So while the three foods I listed earlier were worth 5 stars (The new york steak is only on thursday) the rest of the service and food was only worth 1 or less. Tragic...
5	I stayed at the Orleans for several days this past weekend and the French Market Buffet was a staple of my diet while here. Hey, I'm Chinese (or at least half)- you say "all you can eat" and I'm runnin'!The breakfast is economical at about $7.50 (okay, I don't remember exactly, but it was more than $7 but less than $8). Compare that to a menu breakfast at Denny's or the like only you can come back for seconds!Saturday night was my favorite night because they featured prime rib! They have two stations, one for medium rare and one for medium well. The rare is juicy and buttery! Mmmmm!! For seconds I went for assorted jumbalaya, seafood and crawfish which are regular dishes.I was getting pretty full and felt it was time for dessert. I got up and came back with another helping of rare prime rib!I think I'm going to be eating a bag of salad everyday for lunch for the next week or so....
1	I stayed at the hotel, that portion was great. However their buffet is probably one of the worse ones I had while I was in Vegas. The dinner buffet was about 15$ which is cheap for dinner, but the food wasn't all there, the beef was dry, the desserts seemed old and it tasted like it' sbeen sitting out there for a while. The best part was that they had italian meat balls that were tender because they were overcooked in the sauce. I would say avoid this buffet and goto in and out about 4 blocks towards the strip.
4	I've eaten here twice.  Once for lunch 2 years ago, and once for dinner 2 weeks ago.  I have to say that I really like this buffet.  There's nothing fancy or gourmet about it, but maybe that's what keeps the "down-home" menu consistently good.  Small selection at the salad bar, but the romaine lettuce mix was fresh and they had beets.  My favorite section is the BBQ.  The pork spareribs were baked to a delicious tenderness.  Sauce is served on the side.  Mac n cheese was  bright orange, creamy, and cheesy.  LOVED IT!  Other sides were simple but good.  The sign at the register said $13.99 for dinner but they were charging $16.99 that night (because it was Christmas week?).  We used our $1 off Gold card, so it was a good meal deal.
3	After a canceled flight, I wound up spending my airline meal vouchers here for dinner and a breakfast. The prices for dinner change daily, depending on the night's theme cuisine. My night was BBQ and it cost about $15.Like a lot of sub $20 buffets, the food offerings here need to be attacked with a strategy in mind. I have my own system for deciding what to pick, but the most important buffet rule is to immediately stop eating anything that isn't GOOD. There's a lot of crap at this buffet and a lot of stuff that's so-so, but there's some real good stuff to be eaten, as long as you're not busy chowing down on dried-out, fake, instant, imitation, bland funk.I found the roasted chicken to be excellent, like actually worthy of being on a plate being served in a regular restaurant. The crawdads were unique and it was my first time trying them. I didn't care for the taste, but I don't have anything to compare them to, so I switched over to the peel and eat shrimp. The salad bar was decent enough. The bread pudding was amazingly good. The service sucked, as my water was never refilled, I had to scrounge for a second napkin, and at one point my table was totally cleared while I was up getting more food.Breakfast was about $8. The OJ was fake and tasted funny. The coffee was not bad, but not good. Skip scrambled eggs as they're fake too. Instead, get your eggs off the top off the Benedict offerings. You don't want to eat the whole Benedict, just the egg, as the rest is gross. I have a weakness for cheap-o breakfast sausage with syrup on top and I wasn't disappointed. Don't bother hoping for a nice pastry to pair with your last cup of coffee because they're all pretty horrible.Overall, FMB is worth the price it seems, but don't think you're going to get the variety of a full buffet, as most of the food is no good. Be picky and search out the few gems to be found, then jump in with both feet.
3	The Orleans buffet it just average if you ask me. Of course its above any other buffets you have anyways else (thats not on the Vegas Strip). But to me its like your hometown/JJ North/ Chinese Buffet that offers maybe better seafood of course.Well, I've come here for breakfast and dinner and let me tell you that right now, I give them a 3. Of course I am comparing it to the Mandalay Bay, Bellagio and Wynn buffet. When you have those, you cannot compare these buffets. Of course, you pay for what you get and comparing a 14 dollar buffet to a near 40 dollar buffet, you will get quality and choices. Service is alright, food could be a little better of course. Crab legs, reminiscent of those you can find at Todai's.But yes, if you looking to not paying too much, or if your looking to not wait in long lines, or if you are looking to get away from the strip, then come on down to the French Market Buffet at The Orleans.
2	When I came into this buffet, I thought it must be just as good as the Ports O'Call Buffet at Gold Coast because of the set up and it did offer the same foods. However, I was wrong. French Market Buffet was just alright. I found a couple things I could eat, but overall, this place was a dud. I found myself placing a lot of salt and pepper on my plate just to give my meal a little bit of flavor. They are definitely other places to go for off the Strip buffets.
3	It was Sunday and we didn't want Champagne brunch.  So, this buffet offered a regular breakfast buffet for less $$.  We happily dined here for our breakfast!  The food was decent.  The selection was pretty good for breakfast, they served the usual breakfast items but they also had Italian, Chinese, Seafood selections as well.  It was good!
3	The food was passable, but nothing extraordinary.  The salad bar is small, the selections at the other themed areas are strange... like why are there BBQ ribs on the Asian section when there are already 2 different kinds of ribs at the BBQ section, and look over here at the USA section... more ribs.  Ilike ribs well enough, but I was almost afraid to go to the Italian section for fear of seeing BBQ Rib Pizza.The dessert bar is okay.  None of the pastries were phenomenal, the cheesecake was heavy and not at all creamy, and the blueberry topping on it had the consistency of drywall spackle.Our drink-getter was pretty awesome, though.  She did a great job.The best thing I can say about this buffet is that the lines are short and it's better than the buffet at a lot of the hotels on the strip, expecially those at the castle and pyramid... names omitted to keep from hurting King Arthur's and Pharaoh's feelings.
4	I was in vegas for Viva and we stayed at the Orleans.I went to this buffet on Easter for brunch I must say the food was delish the fruit was fresh and the pastries were divinefor a buffet it was good
4	Pretty decent food I mean I went for lunch buffet and had some discount coupons so got it all for a five spot. Can't beat that I am sure it was the same food offered on their dinner menu but just at the reduced rate. I sure was hungry the day I was here too. I put away some food and kept smiling. I liked the BBQ ribs here, Prime Rib and fried shrimp.
4	This place is an awesome value for the money. It was cheap to begin with, but they recently lowered prices and you still get a discount with a Coast Card, even if you have no points on your card. A lot of people seem to just go for the crawfish, which were OK, but nothing special since they appear to have just been boiled in water. I'm used to them being boiled in seasoning so I don't really like them plain. However, there is so much more to eat than the crawfish. The salad bar is nothing special, but they had watermelon. I think they are just coming into season since I didn't see them at too many other buffets. There were lines for the watermelon here. I was lucky to grab some just as they were restocking.My friends reported the BBQ station was very good, but I mostly skipped it since we had Brazilian BBQ the night before and I wasn't really in the mood for more meat. I ended up eating a lot from the Cajun station and the USA station. The Asian station had stuff for Mongolian BBQ, but I didn't see too many people take advantage of it. I should have since I love Mongolian BBQ, but I really couldn't take too much grease that day. The Mexican station had stuff for DIY tacos, but I was too lazy. The pasta station was probably the most disappointing. The pizza was OK, but the other items were either horribly mislabeled or complete failures. It could have been the former since they did have Salisbury steaks in the USA section labeled as terriyaki chicken.The dessert section is a big surprise. Not only did they have some pretty good cakes and rolls, they also had a good gelato selection. Overall, I really enjoyed this buffet. I honestly could have paid twice as much and still be fairly satisfied. They also have beer and wine specials ($6 bottle of wine) for those who are interested. The only negative was our server seemed kind of upset the whole time, although she did occasionally refill our drinks and take our plates.
3	This place is awesome if you are able to take down a lot of food. If I were able to post pictures, I would post one of the many pictures we took of 21 plates of empty crawfish shells on our table :D It was not a one man job, it took 3 guys and 1 girl. I didn't just eat the crawfish. Their many stations offer you a variety of ethnic foods ranging from Italian to Asian and Mexican. Their meat items would be among the best. I favored their grilled sausages (wow, I thought about that sentence to try avoiding any 2nd meanings...). The majority of their food was mediocre at best, but they have some jewels.The service is pretty efficient here. They come by every so often to check on your status and to refill your drinks. For the most part, they are very nice except for one or two of them. Many of them do have a good sense of humor and had a laugh with us when they came to look at all the plates. A lot of the other patrons came by to take pictures of us and give us some encouragement.The environment was pretty spacious. It gives you a lot of room to move around without having to run into people on accident like some other buffets. It was a comfortable setting, just don't look around too much to see what other people do with their food. It can become pretty bizarre.Overall, this is a good place to go to with family and friends. There is plenty of food selections, so you'll be able to find something you enjoy with very little ease. People are overall pretty friendly here, so you won't feel uncomfortable much. If you love crawfish, just come here for that because that alone made it worth the money for us, as you can probably tell from my introduction. I believe lunch was around $8 and dinner around $16. It is definitely worth a visit. I gave this restaurant 3 stars because I judge establishments on overall quality, not just on the amount of food that I can eat. If I did that, almost any restaurant would get 5 stars. They do have some excellent food, but overall, there are some bumps. This is a very good 3-star establishment though that will most likely not let you down.
2	Super mediocre. This place was maybe 2 steps above Hometown Buffett.  But for 8 dollars, you get what you pay for.  Me thinks this will only be good for people who are crawfish fanatics.  Something about sucking a crawfishes ass I can't get with.  Everything was so bland and basic. The only thing I liked was the pizza because it was fresh out the oven.  The shrimp had that old smell to it. The fried rice was bland and dry.I hear that their breakfast and dinner is delicious. But lunch was not.They have a gelato bar. I think this is the direction dessert is going in Vegas buffets and i dig it.
3	This place is AWESOME! The price is right and the quality and variety of food here is great.  They have different stations with different types of food from Italian, Asian, American, to Mexican.  Their desserts are decent.  There was this special where you pay $22 for all day buffet privileges.  I would have done that if I weren't already all burnt out on buffets during my trip to Vegas.  It's a smokin' deal!  If you're staying at the Orleans, take advantage of this hidden gem in your hotel.  It blew away the other buffet I went to on the strip.
4	Since I stayed at The Orleans last weekend, I thought I would give this place a try. This is definitely one of the better casino buffets I've eaten at in Vegas, if not the best (I have to admit, the only buffets I've tried on the strip were at Excalibur's which was pretty bad and The Stardust which was terrible, the worst buffet I've ever had anywhere, even though that's a moot point now since it's no longer there. I also tried the much-hyped Carnival Buffet at The Rio a few years ago and thought for the money it was a rip-off).The surroundings were nicer than average for a buffet and they had a tremendous variety of food. They have a deal for $21.00 in which you can eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner there. I only had lunch there once ($8.00), but because of the huge variety of items, I'm sure it would be no problem to eat all three meals there and never have a single item twice if you didn't want to. The quality of the food was above average for a buffet. There were a few things I tried I did not like, but there was more I liked than disliked. The beef back ribs, in fact, were by far the best I've had at any buffet and they had a braised oxtail stew which was very good, not as good as top quality homemade, but very good nevertheless, probably the single best item I've ever had at a buffet. The mashed potatoes, usually just fair or mediocre at most buffets, were also first rate.The lines moved quickly and the service was good, although I couldn't understand why you couldn't just get your own water and napkins instead of having to get the attention of a server to do it for you. Also, there didn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to the order or location of the various food stations, i.e. the ribs were two or three stations from the American food station whereas it seems more logical they should have been next to each other. That's a minor thing, though.In terms of overall value for what you get this place is an easy four stars, although I could not quite bring myself to give it five due to the items I did not care for and most of the stuff just being decent. If I ever go to The Orleans again, though, which is quite likely, I will definitely go to this place again.
4	I wondered why my dad took me here several years ago. Its because its cheap and almost a good competition to Rio's World Buffet. I think the price is $8 per person for lunch. I did not have a Orleans Club Card, but $8 is a deal. The Sahara Hotel has $8.99 Buffet with a Card, but with the Orleans, you probably would save $1 or $2. I remember my total was around $16. Very Good Deal!!They had Salad, Mexican or Tex-Mex Station, Chinese Station, American, Italian, and their own big Dessert Station. I mainly went to American Station since I always fall in love with Mac N Cheese. I had sandwiches, and bunch of other Americana stuff. They had a lot of food, but I only had three plates. Like my headline says...I am a Big Guy, but I don't eat a lot.Orleans is away from the strip, but somewhat is small scaled version of the Rio. Orleans has their French Market Buffet and Rio has their World Buffet. If you are on a budget and not wait a long line...go to the Orleans. Its pretty cheap for lunch without a Club Card and food is better than the Sahara Buffet and probably as close to the Rio Buffet without the high price. Lunch Ends around 3:30pm. Not sure what time Dinner starts during the weekdays. Very reasonable and not too crowded, but the food is very good and not seem too be mass-produced.Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
3	I'm not a fan of buffets. Trays of food being 'tampered' with freaks me out! I haven't been to a buffet in ages -- at least not the last 3 times we've been to Vegas, but this time, I had a craving for peel and eat shrimp. I don't eat much else at a buffet, so I said let's go to the Orleans for their buffet since it's really cheap and I know they have peel and eat shrimp.OK so the pricing was super cheap -- it's $7.49 for lunch -- and it includes non-alcoholic beverages. There were the usual bbq stuff, Mexican stuff, Chinese stuff, Italian stuff, and an attempt at Mongolian bbq, which was rather dismal. I had about a pound and of a half of shrimp, a few slivers of bacon, 3 corn on the cob, a swirl of vanilla ice cream with crushed peanuts, 3 glasses of iced tea and I was done. I remembered last time they had these fantastic cookies, but there wasn't a cookie in sight. On top of that they have added a gelato station, but all the desserts were handed out, you couldn't help yourself to them.For me, this buffet suffices because I don't really eat much at a buffet. Usually, I'll eat peel and eat shrimp, smoked salmon or trout, and lamb chops if they have them. What's the point of paying 20 bucks when that's all I eat? The buffet at the Orleans is fine by me. It has the shrimp, and I'm happy to pay $7.50 for it! I must say I remember there to be more selections so I have to deduct a star for this visit. However, I didn't feel ripped off and I was content when I stood up to leave.PS: If you are my kind of buffet eater -- check out my review of the buffet at Palace Station -- I thought it was better than this one and for almost the same price!
3	The food here is "okay."  Ate here for breakfast and dinner and they definitely carry some items over from one meal to the other.  For example, the breakfast fruit (cantaloupe, honeydew, watermelon) will turn into a fruit salad for the dinner menu.The menu offerings do not vary day after day.   Shrimp cocktail and crawdads are very popular as people take them by the platefuls back to their seats.  Most of the items I had were slightly warm at best, including the soups. There are 2 salad bars that have different toppings and salad dressings.  The soups are the same on both sides though.  Best part of the meal is the gelato bar for lunch/dinner.  They offer about 8 different varieties including: mango, mint chocolate chip, lemon, raspberry , caramel, white chocolate, vanilla, etc...Slightly disappointed that this place lacks any FRENCH food.  (French salad dressing doesn't count!)  After all, this is the French Market buffet, a crepe station or hot/fresh benets would be nice.
4	Best Price in Las Vegas for lunch Buffet.I love eating at an all you can eat buffet.I think this place is very good. I just come here to eat and save some money on my trip to vegas.They have a wide variety of food to choose from.They even have mongolian grill.Is just 1.5 miles off the strip.
3	It's ok.  Not bad for the $15 bucks for dinner.
3	Yes, yes it's been a very long while since my last review.  That's what a cut in pay can do for ya'...less money = less eating out!  But I got the next installment of cheap eats for you!French Market Buffet gets a 3.5 stars...almost a 4 star for the fact that they send me discount coupons almost every month.  Join the Club Coast player's club for free and watch the coupons come in the mail!  Seriously...we've been going here the past few months at least once a month because I keep getting a $10 off coupon...Save money...Live better! This buffet at the Orleans is your average Las Vegas food standard...cheap eats...and lots of it!  Now I know this is no quality buffet like The Bellagio, but in today's economy and the want to eat out every once in a while...this place fills a great need.   French Market features 'cuisine' featuring American, Italian, Mongolian, BBQ, Mexican, Chinese, and Seafood.  They have 2 big salad bars with your standard veggie fare, and a decent dessert station as well.Lots of Asian folks like myself come here for the daily all-you-can-eat crawfish at lunch and dinner, price-wise I can see the appeal.  I mean folks everywhere here have mounds of crawfish on their plate...sucking away.  I am not the biggest fan of crawfish...too much work for too little meat.  It's just funny to see people sucking their hardest to get something out of a crawfishs' rear end!I stick to my favorite at this place, the beef ribs!  Not many buffets in Vegas serve beef ribs.  When they are fresh from the grill and slathered with a bit of sauce they are so good!  I end up almost having a half slab of these things everytime (that's a good 5 or 6 bones).  I also like the Mongolian stir fry, although it's a bit strange because the Chinese section does stir fry as well.  I go back and forth, depending on the fresh veggies going in the stir fry in each section.  Pick your veggies, then let the chef know if you want beef, chicken, or shrimp and it's cooked to order for you.  I make enough to share!Most of the food at the buffet is not bad if you know how to choose food that is fresh.  Remember, food sitting for too long under a heat lamp is pilau (yucky)...always take from trays that have just been switched out!  Looks fresher will taste fresher.  I also like their rotisserie, they make a pretty good roasted chicken...very tender and moist.The dessert bar is fairly stocked, with your average pies and cakes, jello, and soft-serve machine.  But they now serve gelato which makes the dessert much more appealing.  My fav flavors are mango (yum yum), coconut, pineapple, and passion fruit.  They have about a dozen different flavors everyday.  Try em' all!Dinner is not much different from lunch.  They serve a lot of the same things but they do have specialty nights.  Wednesday is steak night, Friday is seafood night, and Sunday is rib night.  But the one thing I love at their dinner is the osso bucco in the Italian section...so magnifique!  I eat bowls of the stuff when it is served, so rustic.Pricing is the saving grace of this place and probably why it's always busy.  Breakfast starts at $6.49, lunch is $7.49, and dinner most nights is $12.99.  On Friday seafood night, dinner runs $17.99 because of the hot crab legs.  They also run an all day buffet special now...eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner for the low price of $21! !  What a steal!  It's $25 on Fridays though because of the seafood night.  But to be fed all day for $21 is a great deal if you're in Vegas for the weekend but short on cash.  If you had the Club Coast card and the $10 off coupon from the mail, you eat all day for only $11!  You can't tell me that's not a great deal even if the food is just ok!  Only in Vegas baby!
4	Friday Night SeafoodI'm just not that enthusiastic about this place as my 1st two visits. Tonight was the Seafood Buffet for $17.99 with $1 off with players card. The oysters were absolutely scary looking. I've never seen oysters look so dried and shriveled up before. And there was a large bowl loaded with them. But we were happy with the salmon, the king crab, snow crab, shrimp, craw fish, mussels and clams. But not so impressed with the $37 we paid for this. We could have gotten the same things at Asia Buffet for $28 and enjoyed the oysters and a larger sushi selection. The desserts here deserve 5 stars because they all are very delicious. I have no complaints. I'll be back.... just not for Friday night seafood. Any other time I want to say will be my money's worth.
5	The best spot for getting your grub in vegas, especially if your on a budget. Can't complain, all you can eat crawfish + only $11 for dinner. This isn't some fancy fusion bellagio $50 buffet, this is just good simple affordable food. Been here many times with family, many of the locals go here too. Compared to the price of other buffets, can't complain, service is always average and better. When you spent all your cash on clubs, crap tables, and your drunk off your a$$ this hits the spot.
4	Just give me the beef ribs and prime rib from the carvers station and I'll be happy.  When a family of four can eat there for 20 bucks (with coupon), all you need is to impress me with about 10 dishes that I can rotate on all of my trips.The Orleans is like the Costco of casinos: not much flash, but plenty of value.  Their buffet is the same to me.  Give me value: great food, low prices, and cleanliness and I'll stick around.  Alcohol prices are super cheap and the waiters are responsive and friendly.  The kiddies love the dessert bar, and I like the constant rotation of the food.  Chalk one up for the little guy.
4	I came on Easter Sunday, which was the last day of Viva Las Vegas for the Champagne Seafood Brunch, and I was pretty pleased. The line to get in was pretty intense, but it went by fast so didn't wait longer than 20 minutes to get seated. The French Market has all sorts of food including: American, Italian, Mongolian, BBQ, Mexican, Chinese, and Seafood. They have 2 big salad bars and a pretty good dessert section, but seriously, who wastes time with salad at a buffet?! The beef ribs and prime rib from the carvers station were pretty good, probably one of my favorite things there on that day. I mostly took my chances with the huge variety of seafood there was to offer. The salmon, the king crab, snow crab, shrimp, craw fish, mussels and clams were all very good. The craw fish is sort of complicated to eat and so are the crab legs, which there was a crazy long line to get, haha. Fine, maybe I'm just dumb and don't know how to eat, but still I was getting impatient with the craw fish and crab legs. It's too much work for not that much meat, haha. They had an omelet station where you had omelets made for you after picking out what you want in it. It was whatever, not too impressed, takes too long and isn't the best omelet ever. The whole USA section of the buffet is pretty bland, very typical breakfast foods, but boring and flavorless. and I love breakfast foods, but that was a fail. The deserts looked so awesome, but I just had a little bit of ice cream, didn't want to go into food coma after.Too bad I was driving home after otherwise I would've taken advantage of the unlimited Champagne and made them fill up my Viva boot for me, haha. I really wanted to eat their usual Sunday night dinner which is rib night, but since it was Easter they had the Seafood Brunch special, oh well maybe next year.
5	Good food, friendly staff don't see something you like? Ask!!, they"ll make it for you! Or at lest they did for me. Didn't really do the all to you can eat just ate once and it's great for it's price. Came here 2 weekends in a row for the Viva rockabilly fest. Wasn't disappointing with the food ever. Really cheap and worth for what you get.
5	Oh my goodness my mouth is watering just thinking about this buffetIts located in New Orleans, a little off the strip, but it is well worth the drive. The price is unbelievable! $7.99 for lunch on a weekday! For a buffet! With seafood! and steak and dessert! I don't understand how they are even making a profit!For seafood, they have fish, crayfish, shrimp and KING CRAB LEGS. They have a variety of american food (steak, mac n cheese, grilled cheese), chinese food, mexican food, italian food (pasta, lasagna, pizza), BBQ (mongolian BBQ and baby back ribs) and over 25 varieties of desserts. Everytime I go to Vegas, I come here and eat my heart out like a little fatty. Highly recommended for a casual lunch and a great cure for hangovers :)
3	I have eaten here a lot of times but never reviewed it.  This buffet is quite good.  They have some of the best no sugar added desserts.  Now to the more mundane things.I had some pork carnitas, a pork and bean chimichanga, a piece of fried catfish and some hush puppies.  I don't know what it is about those "pups." There's nothing special to them, but I'm hooked.  For the 2nd trip, I just had a tamale and some onion rings.  I generally skip the beef here because they rarely have prime rib.  Rather it's more of a baron of beef or a steamship round.Service was top notch.  And of course, there are those desserts!  At $13.99 for two people (we had a two for one coupon) and paying the $13.99 with points, it was a good Sunday dinner.
1	First meal of the day at Vegas and its breakfast.. I get tons of breakfast foods; eggs, bacon, waffles,donuts, ham, and hash browns. I decide to get a omelet with everything on it including the shrimp. The next few hours I get sick and my stomach is churning like threes no tomorrow. Everyone was fine besides me and I find out I am only the person that got an omelet with shrimp. So it has to be that that got me sick. All around the food was really bland or salty. I was stuffed at the end but who isn't at a buffet. You gotta get your moneys worth. Anyways I would've gave it a 3 star but since I got sick it looses both star and only is left with 1. Too bad.
2	I went to French Market Buffet at the Orleans on a Saturday for brunch. It was $15/person and totally NOT worth it. I should have gone to TGIF, which is also located in the Orleans.The food was sub-par. The only two items that were tasty were the ribs and the gelato (+ for this), both of which you had to ask a server for. There are different food stations, but their themed dishes were not worthy. Customer service was great, but there was still nothing memorable about this location. Please save your $$$ and try another buffet.
4	If I could give the FMB 3.5 stars I would. However, because I think when it comes to buffets they are about as good as you can get in  regards to bang for your buck. The French Market Buffet along with the Garden Buffet at South Point are my two go to buffets for the price, especially when eating with the family. I will clarify though, we RARELY eat the buffet because it is not always worth it when you aren't meat eaters. That being said - the French Market provides more veggie options than many other higher priced buffets at similar casinos, and they have a lot more seasonal fresh fruit than some strip buffets. We happened to go for dinner on Saturday after seeing a movie. It was about  6pm, there was no line, and we paid about $30 (including tip) which is about the same as we'd pay at another restaurant. I usually stick to Chinese and Mexican with the addition of fruit and veggies, and this night was no different. Everything seemed pretty fresh,  except for some roasted potatoes. The fruit (mostly melons) was fresh and juicy. As always the desserts were good.I think the secret to buffets is as Anton mentions - eat in courses. That is definitely the way.  What you really must know about this buffet, and any of the non-strip buffets is that the food is not the best you'd find, but not bad at all. Don't expect the best Vegas chef's but you will get a meal here that rivals the restaurants in this and other local casinos. On this particular occasion our service sucked, but that really was the worst we'd ever had at the this buffet. Since we don't eat the buffets often, it probably won't be until we have family in town to go back, but they are always satisfied, and so are we.
4	I've stayed at the Orleans four times now, and have eaten at least a couple of meals at the Orleans' buffet. I don't think there's too much to say- sometimes the servers, who just get drinks basically, are hot and cold. Because they really just do drinks, the servers each have an absurd number of tables, so they are generally running around. Mostly I've eaten here for breakfast- they have two DIY omelet bar, which is nice. They have a wide array of fillings and they can do egg white omelets as well. This last trip I mostly had fruit, bacon and a piece of french toast. the french toast was pretty good- not crispy on the outside which would be ideal, but they are sitting in a pile and that's kind of an unreasonable expectation. I like that they have sugar free syrup really accessible, and it was tasty. The fruit they had this last trip was VERY fresh and ripe. So often melon can be hard and taste like nothing, but all these melon pieces were wonderful tasting. I also like that their bacon is well-cooked and not super floppy. My father is a major fan of the Brownie Napoleon's, which are made at a local bakery and taste like orange sticks, but in a fluffy marshmallow form.  They also have a great selection of sugar free desserts- their sugar free blueberry pie- it will trick you!There definitely is a fair amount of kind of "blah" food but what I find blah, other people in my family will find tasty, and there's a certain amount of that to all buffets. The best part of this buffet is the price- $6.99 breakfast, under $10 for lunch, and I think $12.99 for dinner. They also have a seafood champagne brunch on Sunday, (kind of a strange combination) and it's no more than $15 or $17 I think.
4	So we promised the kids we'd  have a  buffet on this past trip to Vegas.  Just didn't want to break the bank to do it.  French Market Buffet was perfect for this situation.  Can't beat the $15.99 per person price for Champagne Sunday Brunch.  We were so happy that we could have peel and eat shrimp, crab legs and crawfish at this price.  The quality of the food is good, not great.  Definitely not the same quality that you'd find at a five star on the strip hotel, but if you are looking for good variety at a reasonable price, this is the place.  There was a carving station, great BBQ options, Mexican selections, Chinese Food , salad bar and standard breakfast fare.  The best part by far was the desserts.  Got our money's worth there alone....there was a huge selection of french pasteries, gelato, cakes, cobblers and other goodies.  If I was looking for top quality food/impressive selections, not sure this is the buffet I'd choose, but especially if you have kids, this is a wonderful option.
3	3.5Been here a ton of times...with tax it's only $7.45 or something like that for the breakfast..show up near the end of it and you get to eat all the lunch stuff as it comes out.  It's not the best buffet but when it comes to getting your moneys worth it might be! I prefer this place over the Caesars dinner actually....the best deal on the strip is probably the $35 unlimited buffet for 24 hours offering 7 different casinos...PH. Cesars, Imperial, Paris, Harrahs, Rio and a couple others...but if are in the hole from gambling bad, the buffet at Orleans is a good way to feel like you won some of it back.
3	The first thing to know is that this buffet is super cheap -- which is awesome. I've tried just about every hotel's buffet and sub-$15 blows my mind. Food is separated by types of cuisine and they actually have a seafood section with piles of shrimp. Quality is okay, you basically get what you pay for.There's also endless gelato. Some foods I liked included the ribs, potatoes, roast chicken, shrimp, and pastas. This is the kind of buffet you take someone who isn't a picky eater or someone who you don't like too much but eats a lot -- or both. Great place if you're forced to pick up the tab.
3	3.45872 Stars.  This is by far the BEST of the ghetto (ahem) excuse me....economical casino buffets in town.  We get coupons here every once in a while and the champagne brunches and steak/seafood nights are decent but this is pretty much a place I would only go maybe every 3 months at best.  The BBQ station is probably my favorite.
3	Slightly better than average.Pros:Even though the line can get long, they always manage to keep it movin'.Reasonable price.It's in The Orleans(which is the casino I go to the most after The Palms).Decent variety.Cons:A lot of the food is pretty bland so every time I go here I end up getting the same things over and over again...The ~Mongolian section is random and weird(how about having an Indian, Caribbean or Mediterranean section instead?)Not enough Cajun/Creole/Soul Food, disappointing for a place which is always tooting it's "VIVA NEW ORLEANS" horn.This is probably the buffet I've been to the most out of all the Vegas buffet, and it does it's job. It definitely hits the spot, but it's sorely lacking in many areas unfortunately.
4	I'll keep it short. Crawfish (fresh) and Beef Ribs (fall off the bone goodness). YUM! And for less than $10/person for lunch? That's a steal!oh, and desserts were great too :)
4	You have to know what to go for here. If you fill yourself up with their bland pseudo-Italian/Mexican/Asian offerings you will be disappointed.On the other hand, endless crayfish and beef ribs? Yes please.There is also a wide selection of desserts.
4	This buffet is located in the Orleans hotel, which is not on the main strip.  My family introduced me to this place because it was a favorite of my grandmother's when she went to Vegas.  There's a free shuttle that takes off from Bill's Gamblin' Hall and brings you to Orleans.  It runs every 15 min from 9am to midnight.  The food is good!  I recommend going straight for the crawfish and beef ribs.  They are the "signature" items!  The crawfish is boiled in a cajun style broth has great flavor without being too spicy.  The beef is super tender and well seasoned.  The good thing is that because these are very popular items, they're constantly being replenished.  Aside from these two items, everything else was okay.  I sampled the gumbo, mushroom stir fry, and a few of their desserts.  All were good, but I spent most of my time eating crawfish!At $7.99 for lunch and $13.99 for dinner, this place is one of the best buffet values I've seen.  I will definitely be a returning customer!
2	Go for lunch, if want crawfish and beef ribs you'll enjoy this buffet. Desserts were hit and miss, not worth the money for dinner. Staff were very friendly but the food was a huge disappointment and this meal was my intro to the Orleans hotel dining...will stick with my old time fav the Spice Market in PH.
4	You can't beat this for $15.  It is worth the short drive off the strip.  Food is decent.  Staff is nice.  Great if you have a big group to feed and don't want to drop $20+ a head.
4	Can't say much about lunch but definitely come here for breakfast.My friends and I came here for lunch and was not impressed but received a $2 off coupon for breakfast. So the next morning we came and ate breakfast at about $4 a person. Only in Vegas can you find prices like these for the food you get. The breakfast is a fat kid's dream come true complete with pancakes, waffles, desserts, you name it. By the way if you go a little later say around 10:15 you get to start off eating breakfast and end the meal with a little bit of lunch (spoken like a true fatass).When we got there breakfast was being served but they changed everything into the lunch menu not too long later.This place makes losing money in Vegas worthwhile. And this is why I love Vegas. People think I come here to gamble but I secretly come because of the food.
2	went here for Sunday brunch. For about $15 per person quality should b better. The pork ribs tasted like it was re-heats. Osso bucco was tender but sauce it up so it looks appetizing  not like it was  the heat lamp all day, the sad thing was we were here when it just opened. Crawfish and ham were good, desserts looked good but I was lo carbing it. I'm not a salad person but the grilled veges, cheese platter at sPalad bar was nice. Maybe the m resort spoiled me, but was not impressed With the orleans buffet .
2	We will keep this one simple Went on two different nights, comped so we thought we would take advantage. Seafood night was somewhat phoned in. It just strikes me as an old folks home buffet. Bland and brown. Oh well if it's free it's worth it.The stars are all for the service.
2	This Review is for the Friday Seafood Buffet. $ 18.00 per person Peel and Eat Shrimp, Hot and Cold Crab Legs, Tuna in Dill Sauce, Fried Shrimp Patties, Craw-fish, Clams, Oysters on the half shell, Salmon on a wooden plank, and several additional seafood selections. Many traditional Buffet items were also to be found. Average quality seafood with poor to average preparation. Some items were over fried and tough - other fried items were barely cooked enough. Crab-legs were small - ensuring lots of work. A seafood stew was mainly mushrooms. The Clam Chowder soup was very thick with only a promise of clams. The Seafood Buffet was Pricey for the quality of the food. Very good service by the wait staff. I would suggest this buffet for Breakfast or Lunch - or even better with a Comp or Coupon.If you're playing tables always ask the Pit Boss for a comp - they will rarely(if ever) volunteer one. On Slots ask the Players Club what it takes - Before you spend your money here.
3	Met some friends here for dinner tonight and most things were done OK for a buffet.  However, two things caught my eye.  1)  Perogies larger than 2 raviolis combined and sitting in tomato sauce; and 2) Stuffed cabbage with a sweet raisin sauce.  Who on Earth ever added these tender morsels to the lineup? Certainly not a Top Chef contestant.  I didn't try either of these, but one member of our party tried the stuffed cabbage, but didn't know what it was.  He remarked as to how sweet it was.I did try some of the red cabbage and that had been sugared too!  It doesn't need to be that way.  The rest of the things I tried were good especially, to my surprise, the Osso Buco.
1	This is for the Breakfast buffet. I'm not a fan of the all you can eat, and this one reminded my why. Everything on my plate was cold and tasteless. Next time my family wants breakfast, we will go down the street to Jack in the box.
5	Been going here for 15 Yrs Plus. Best Food, Quality Selection, Great Fresh Flavors, Many Stations to choose from, and very reasonably priced. Forget about the big Casino Over Priced Crap. Great Deal Right Here.
4	While working I was talking to a bus driver who I will call "JOE"( because THATS HIS NAME!!) & we were talking "Buffets" & he said I had to try this one. So to show what truly nice people I have encountered thus far in Las Vegas, Joe not only makes a recommendation to this place, BUT gives me a $4 off coupon & meets me on Tropicana Ave to give it to me and drives me there with his wife & daughter as they were on their way to run errands. HOW COOL IS THAT?? (Answer: VERY!!) So I ended up paying $5 and change for this AWESOME Buffet using the coupon. And let me tell you now THIS PLACE IS HUGE!! The entire dining area has to be as big as a basketball court if not bigger. And for the size and the crowd on hand, it was a very nice and orderly atmosphere, well lit and pleasantly quiet with no crying babies and no standing up "Peekers" looking over the back of the booth I was sitting in. (I like to feed them string beans!!)I asked to be seated in a booth and was gladly told to sit wherever I wanted. There are several stations = BBQ, American, Mongolian, Chinese, Mexican, Italian and a HUGE island of deserts.I made a good attempt to try as many items from as many stations as I could and ended up liking the Chinese station the best that had spring noodles mixed wt vegetables & Beef  that was really fresh and good.Joe had really pushed the BBQ Beef ribs saying they were the best but the selection the day I went had ALOT of fat on them and I had to pick at them to take it off. And while I'm complaining I might add that the onion rings, fried fish & chicken fried steak had ALOT of breading on them that had me picking at it as well. Other than that though I really cant complain and have to give this place 2 thumbs up.The Mexican station was extremely good with beef tacos and all the toppings and a spicy shredded chicken that made nice tacos as well. There were other selections such as enchaladas etc and it all looked very good.The Italian station had speghetti, lasagna, pizza that all looked really good too. I have a sliver of a slice and it was very good and crispy and I tried a couple pcs of eggplant parmesean and it was off the hook good .There was also peel n eat shrimp wt tartar & cocktail sauce as well as crawfish which looked good and I had one and still cannot see what the draw to these things are as its alot of work for very little pay-off in the way of meat. I chose to stick wt the shrimp & mixed them in wt my Chinese noodles mix & sliced open a couple spring rolls and put them inside. I always "shrimp out" my spring rolls!!The aforementioned Desert Island had a little of everything = soft serve ice cream, strawberry & whipped cream toppings, scooped Ice Cream, Gellato, Pies, Cakes, Cheesecake, & cobblers. I tried the Coconut Cream Pie and the filling was off the hook (I had 2 pcs and had to stop myself from getting more!!) but the crust was soft and mushy-like and not to my liking at all and I didnt eat it. I also tried some soft serve Vanilla Ice cream  wt whipped cream and the taste of the shortening in the whipped cream came through and more cream & sugar was needed.The waitstaff seemed nice enough but my Ice Water was'nt refilled, nor was I asked if I needed a refill. I didn,t so it wasnt really a big deal. The girl taking the plates off the table seemed to be working the hardest and I felt bad for her and took my plates up myself several times. I also hid a dollar under my dish within a dish so she would find it and not the waiter as she deserved it more than the waiters did.Overall I have to recommend this buffet not only for the wide variety and selection, but the quality and good food offered. I only paid $5, but had I paid full price it would have still been worth it.
3	Me , my cousin and sister in law came here to eat brunch during the brief time I was able to pull them away from the strip. The buffet was like all the others with an Asian, Barbecue, Italian and dessert station. Some of the things that stood out was at their salad bar they served grilled veggies. They had asparagus and grilled zucchini. The taste was nice and sweet. They also serve southern food like grits , and Jambalaya. I tried the grits because I remember liking them so much when I ate some at Rosemary's restaurant but it wasn't quite the same. I did have fried scallops and mini crab cakes which were really good with a spritz of lemon. I also had chicken fried steak but it tasted plain to me because I usually eat it with a side of honey mustard. It's different ... but it tastes good! Unfortunately they had no honey mustard salad dressing. My second plate I thought I 'd try their chocolate waffles. If you like soft waffles don't eat these they had the consistency of toast. I also grabbed some scallop mixture they had cradled in a shell it's not as tasty as the ones at Asia buffet. I would pass these up.I also tried a cheese blintze but I could only take a bite the cheese inside was all crumbly. My dessert plate was my favorite because they had this almond crumb cake that had drizzled raspberry sauce in it. They used to serve this at Red Rock casino but I haven't seen it there in a while. It was so good with tea,. They also had Tiramisu cups which were really tasty the cake part wasn't too wet it was just right! The most amazing part of the meal was my cousin saying this was her favorite Las Vegas Buffet . I wasn't sure I heard her right but she said this was by far her favorite. I was like ...uh okay. I'm just happy she liked it so it was a win..win situation!
4	So I'm a fan of breakfast, aren't you?Well, $7.99 per person & all you can eat :DMon-Sat 7am-10pmSun 8am-10pmI came in around 9:45am & was lucky to get some lunch food with purchasing the breakfast price. (useful information, don't you agree?) ;)So on with the food... Yes, it does the stomach good. Chocolate waffles, make your own omelet, unlimited bacon. Yum!And the perfect drink to compliment your breakfast: O.J.There's a lot of selections and a fruit/dessert bar is available also.This place isn't one for top-notch, but it satisfies my pocket and tummy.
4	The Orleans is always a place I like to frequent when I am in Vegas.  For some reason, I find their buffet to be a good value, and call me crazy, but they make a crazy-good tuna salad!! Yes, of all those options (including crawfish-not for me), I return again and again for some of that tuna!  Not the biggest or brightest buffet, but I am still a fan and will return each and every time.
3	3.4I've had better food and the same quality of food for way more money in Vegas buffets.  What this place supplies is reasonable food at a price point less than many of the other buffets around.  I went for their steak and crab Wednesday, $15,99 less a dollar discount for being a guest at the hotel.  The crab legs were spindly and the steak was a bit tough but cooked to the medium I asked for.  The swordfish wasn't bad and I noticed several folks with whole plates of crawfish.  Many of the folks seemed to be locals and although I had no wait at 5:00 by the time I was done the place was full and a long line had formed.  They do not rush the diners in the restaurant.  There were plenty of food choices.  I gave up after 4 plates, the last of which was desert.  Because of the number of people everything I tried was still hot or cold as needed.  The vanilla soft serve had given up so I had chocolate ice cream with my peach cobbler.  The service was really quick and I noticed those folks requiring bar service got their drinks quickly.  My one big complaint was my plates got cleared while I was getting another and my service, complete with whatever was on them, was set on the table rather than waiting for me to get back and transfer them to my new plate so I would get a separate plate to put them on on the first trip.  For the price this was an excellent value.
1	If you are a fan of Cici's pizza buffet, or Homestyle buffet you're going to be delighted by the Orleans. Their attractive and appetizing selection will make you salivate. I ate here FREE. And I never intend on returning. Eat at any other buffet in Vegas for probably the same price, please, because you are wasting money and eating cheap food made with cheaper ingredients. It's rare when every single thing you try off the buffet line is borderline inedible, but it happened for me here. What a waste of time.
2	My husband and I tagged along to my mom's high school reunion.  They invited us to have dinner at The French Market in The Orleans.  The buffet here is ok.  I had a hard time getting something that I liked.  The only thing that I remembered were crab legs and the soup.  Other then that...everything else was bleh...
1	The ratio of walkers to wheelchairs here is rather high.  That's not say that I'm against either.  Just that, I felt as if I was visiting my grandparents in their assisted-living home's restaurant.  The lasagna tasted like the best Chef Boy-Ar-Dee's I've ever had.  The cheese enchiladas were great until you tried the second one and realized that it's almost all sauce and the enchilada themselves have no true shape.  Rather, it's just a coagulated gelatinous glob of cheese and something that tries to be a sauce of some sort.  The shrimp are small and have all of their little shrimp feet intact.  If you enjoy using your napkin to often wipe the taste of the sad misery of the ocean floor off your fingers, this place is for you.The top portion of the bread pudding tastes like bread pudding.  About a half inch down, though, it turns to jelly.  Jelly fused with a raisin or two.  Be sure to add lots of the vanilla sauce to mask the true flavor of this delicacy.All of this for nearly $40.  Next time, I'll just skip a meal and weep quietly in darkness - that actually sounds like it might leave a better taste in my mouth.
4	The food was really good and different than the other buffets. my only complaint was that the crawfish was plain. and for a place that is supposed to resemble new orleans they should have put creole seasoning on it. i didn't like how the server was rushing us to get out of the place since it was mother's day and a line. overall most of the food was very good and the price was great.
3	Came here during Mother's day.  Cost was about $19-20.  They served Mexican, Chinese, sushi, dessert (cake and ice cream), breakfast, salad/veggies, and seafood.  Drinks served were soda, coffee, and champagne.  Overall, the food was just okay.
1	Worst food! Worst service! Stupid crew at the Mongolian station!!!
4	AWESOME! Affordable, delicious, tons to choose from. Ate here multiple times and always had a good meal. Breakfast is my fave and if you go around 10am, they switch to lunch about 10:30/45 so you can get those choices too!Don't try taking a piece of fruit with you to go though. They'll stop you! :-P
4	Came here for breakfast. It ha decent variety of food and snacks. One negative is that it open at 8am and those of us on business trip need to eat earlier.
3	i'm not a buffet person....and am very snobby about what i eat.  so with that said, i wasn't really able to find much that i would actually eat here.  although i'm glad the french market buffet's conquistadors invaded a crawfish colony and massacred all its inhabitants, and probably kept some alive for breeding purposes to feed us gluttonous vegas patrons...because all you can eat crawfish made me feel like i ate my money's worth.
3	While waiting to watch a transformers 3, me and my fiancee was hit by a hungry monster. So we decided to take the later show and fill our tummy with some monster food. The wait wasnt that long and they have some special for $13 perperson at 4 pm everyday except wednesday and friday I guess. All and all the food was considerably yummy although I only like a very few items. Service are ok and I dont even bother to get myself a second serving. A-ok for moi!
2	Buffet isn't my thing but my girl was having a craving.. So we searched around and saw that the Orleans has what is said to be a good buffet. Good is subjective and lets just say there were lots of people that seemed to be enjoying themselves there.. I just wasn't one of them.. Options.. Seafood.. American.. Mexican.. Pasta (Italian I guess) Chinese, and big ol desert bar. Well It was all very plain Jane and wasnt something I would partake in again.Buffet food is generally low end but this was really just the bare basics of buffet food. Lots of starches and low quality proteins. I guess that's how they make money but it was all very average and pretty sucky. The Chinese food was really bad.. nothing Chinese about it.. unless u figure Panda Express is from the mainland.. but PE blows this away in spades.. American.. was just crappy dried up prime rib.. with lows of bread and fillers.. Salad bar didnt even have seafood.. like shrimp etc..I wouldn't recommend.. was just too low quality.. price was low.. like the quality.. $28 for two of us.. lol.. should have known..
4	ORLEANS:  The French Market Buffet is located in the Orleans and I love it. It has a ton of options for a very affordable price. Not to mention, it's all-you-can-eat!  VARIETY:  The variety of food available is very diverse. Great for picky eaters, I guess, because of range of food is almost ridiculous! Dinner buffet was my fave; breakfast was a close second. Here's a general idea of the dinner spread:-Fresh and cooked seafood: crab, shrimp, clams, crawfish, sushi, you name it.-Chinese: stir fry station, noodles, spring rolls, etc.-American: ribs, steak, etc.-Mexican: burritos and such-Several different pastas-Soup-Salad bar -Dessert bar with a gelato case!SWEETS:  The desert bar/station will satisfy any sweeth tooth!  Diabetic and all!  I'm so happy to say that they have a whole sugar-free dessert section for all you health nuts and diabetics.  I like to eat and sample sugar-free desserts every now and then, and these desserts are scrumptious.  This buffet dessert station may quite possibly have the best tasting sugar-free banana cream pie I have ever tasted! It tasted better than many regular banana cream pies I've tried! VERDICT:  This buffet is definitely a go!  (Who could turn down such a tasty and affordable buffet??!) No doubt I will be back for more of that delish sugar-free banana cream pie and that amazing spread.  :)
5	we came for champagne brunch. $12.99 with my players card... not too shabby. the menu items were diverse and bountiful. i was quite suprised, considering the "classic" stature of the hotel, how fresh and varied the food was. granted it was $3 champagne, it was still a great deal. they offered all kinds of different cuisine. mexican, italian, american, asian, a good sized salad/grilled veggie bar and a huge dessert bar. they also had an omelet station. the sections had typical items, enchiladas, pastas, bbq, cornbeef hash, shrimp, mussels, ham, roast beef,, corn on the cob, kung pao beef and most anything you can think of. each section was very well tended and replenished. the areas were clean and all the food looked delicious. the champagne lady came around frequently too. for the price and selection, this was an extremely awesome champagne brunch buffet.
5	this is one of the "to go" buffet when I visit LV.  honey love their desert, especially pecan pie.  I love their craf fish and filled my plate with shrimp.  sometimes, their green chile pork stew or shredded beef for taco are really delicious.  I only go there for lunch which ends at 3pm, you can eat till 4pm before they removed everything and shifted it to dinner. with their player's card, it's only $7.99 for lunch.  No boby can beat the price for the variety of food you can get.  yes, when I went Wed lunch, they do have beef ribs, beef brisket, roast chicken at the craving table.  I mean for that price, it's much better than hometown buffet which is the only choice I have at home. not all the food taste great, just need to find what you like.  egg rolls are always fresh and crisp, they do have the mogolian dish, I never have a chance or room for that, eat too much shrimp.... anyway, as long as you set your expectation correctly, you will be happy.
4	The buffet is arranged into nine serving stations. They include the soup & salad bar and the Italian, Mexican, Chinese, Mongolian Barbecue, American, Seafood, BBQ and the dessert bar.I have eaten here many times. The food is not outstanding but there is plenty of variety and I can always find things here that I like. The salad bar recently had marinated artichoke hearts which is a big plus for me. The beef ribs are meaty, tender and flavorful. And you can gorge yourself on the shrimp and crayfish. And numerous other offerings keep me returning. I found the dessert bar to be just so-so but overall it's a good buffet. And I'd have to say that the prices make it one of the best buffet values in town. If you present a B-Connected card which is free from the Orleans casino, you'll save an extra dollar on the buffet. The same card is valid at all Boyd Gaming properties.
3	You will find a couple items you like here, but overall, this is only a buffet I would  go to if I was staying at the hotel and did not feel like heading out to a better one because it's pretty basic.  I found a couple items I enjoyed, namely this Hawaiian shredded pork dish.  But the salad bar is sad, no bread to speak of.  For the price, it's not bad, but it is worth spending more to experience better quality and selection.  Would have gotten a 2, but I recall they surprised me with a pretty good dessert item at the end.
4	Do you love BBQ? i do. After a disappointing attempt to get my bbq fix on the other day I finally got it on here.  You can pretty much get bbq at any buffet around town but this is my usual spot with the buffet at south point. Beef and pork bbq ribs, brisket please.  They have other food also but I'm here for bbq overload.  Also recommend their variety of ice cream flavors. Maybe the cheapest All Day buffets in town, you can eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner as many times you want ALL DAY LONG and it's only $24.99.  Dinners by it self starts at 13.99. I would not recommend their Friday seafood buffet the crab are thinly sliced and not much difference between the regular days other then the price. Try another place if your looking for a Friday seafood buffet as almost every buffet in town have a Friday seafood special
4	French Market Buffet is located in The Orleans Casino Hotel. I had the Saturday Champagne Brunch for approx. $10/person. (There is a $1 discount if you have their player's card.) After seating me, the waitress promptly took my drink order.  You can order champagne from the waitress but I chose not to drink the champagne.  Buffet food selection:French Market Buffet offers a selection of food ranging from American to Asian.  As expected, the selection is not as grand as buffets located on the Strip; however, there was a good variety of food for the price paid.  The food was reasonably tasty.There is also an omelet bar (my fav!) where one can order an omelet with ingredients that include ham, sausages, bacon, cheese, green peppers, mushrooms, etc.  My omelet was delectable!Desserts:The coconut macaroons and chocolate cake was super delicious.The waitress refilled my drink without me asking.  The facility was clean and well-kept.  Overall, I had a pleasant experience and will return mainly for the price.
3	2.5 is a more appropriate rating.  We haven't visited this buffet in a number of years due to past quality/turnover issues, but we decided to give another try after I won two free buffets.  Most of the buffet employees were dressed in Halloween garb and they seemed to be in a particularly cheery mood.  Also, the buffet was very busy which no doubt had a positive impact on turnover.  I had my usual huevos rancheros, fruit and OJ.  The quality and variety of the food was a notch above those at both the South Point, Sunset Staion, Aliante and Gold Coast on this trip.
2	Brunch gives you all the breakfast staples:Corned beef hash = reminds me of dog food, but maybe that's just corned beef hashEggs Benedict Waffles/pancakes/French toast = really dryOmelets = dry and the "extras" didn't taste fresh Bacon/sausageScrambled eggs = Really runny, I could actually slurp it upChicken fried steak = super dry, gravy mediocre Sweet potato pancake = the one thing that is actually ok, best thing in the buffetHash browns = ok, can't screw those up!Syrup = super thin and runny
4	Sometimes we have good luck with this buffet and sometimes, it's not so good.,  Today, it was Sunday brunch.  It was a good day.  The choices were plentiful and for $15 per person, worth it.  This is a slightly different than most buffets as there is crawfish and a few other items that you do not find on the average buffet.  I like the omelet station, you cannot go wrong asking for a good spinach, bacon and mushroom omelet, made to order and always fresh.  I liked the selections and most of the foods were tasty.  For best luck with this buffet, I suggest coming early and be first in line.  I think it makes a difference with the way the food tastes.  Overall, Good buffet
3	went there for dinner because I like to try different buffet.food is really not good. just OK. barely edible. food really deserve 2 stars but they made it up with the ice cream selection.I really like the peanut butter flavor and other flavor. I forgot what.this buffet price is really cheap so just come in to eat a few items and the ice cream will be worth it.
3	The buffet is located at the Orleans hotel.  We came here for Sunday brunch which was about $14 per person.  They charge adult prices for any kid 8 years or older even though they don't eat like adults.  They separate their food by regions, American, Asian, Mexican and Italian.  They also has a separate section for desserts. This was typical buffet food, the ribs were my favorite.  The omelet station is a little different.  The ingredients for your omelet are in a salad bar and you grab what you want and place it in a bowl.  You then give the bowl to the cook who then makes your omelet.  Overall, food was decent for the price you pay.
5	Best off strip buffet in town.  If you're looking for all the choices and flavors of the bigger casinos but want a better price and less crowds then this is the place for you.
3	When the Orleans was still fairly new in the 90's I can remember my family and I mean my ENTIRE family would come to eat here because of our aunts who gambled received fairly good comps. However, those days are obviously in the past and I seedom see myself going into this Casino. Recently came here on a week day for lunch costing $8.99. This was a reception for event I attended prior, making it free for all of us! I was at the same buffet 2 years ago and remember it being not that good. Contrary to belief, this time around it was better. The Korean style ribs was decent, not the best, but definitely edible. The BBQ section also had pretty tasty selections. I tried the pasta with alfredo sauce, which had a nice texture and a flavorful garlic taste. I had tirimisu for dessert and I enjoyed that as well. Overrall, "good enough." I don't think I would pay money to eat at this buffet, but the food was good and didn't make me sick.
4	I love this buffet for one reason - all you can eat crab legs for less than $20 on Friday nights!  If you get the players card you can save $1/person.  Most of the other food on the buffet is mediocre - but if you love crab legs as much as I do you don't have any problem!  Great price!
4	Good food good prices for the family. Service is really great food is fresh. Don't pass up the ice cream bar.
4	They have improved over the years.  They are actually  one of my favorite places now.  The price is right and the food is good.  Sometimes the lines are super long so dont go when they initially open.
4	If I had a choice, I'd still eat at the Courtyard Cafe with the lower rating I gave that because I don't like waiting in line, and it was a long wait - but mostly because it was senior day, and all the seniors who were members of B-Connected had their buy one get one free coupons.  I also don't like competing for food at the buffet line.  So, that said, what I'm saying is that the cons are that i don't like that the place was too popular.And I can understand why it was popular on the day we went.  Of course, the senior couples are eating at half price, which is a great deal because the regular price for lunch is $8.99.  $8.99 itself is a very good price for this buffet.  The variety is good: you have American, Italian, Asian, Mexican, etc. stations, and the quality is good for a buffet (I tend to rate buffet food with a lower expectation that sit-down food).  I enjoyed the shredded pork carnitas, the chile verde pork was okay, and the bbq ribs, I enjoyed also - I can't remember everything I had, now, but I do remember sampling a variety, and I normally don't do that at a buffet.  I normally have two servings and stop.  Here, I think I went back three times, then went for soup (I had a cup/bowl of the hot and sour, and that was a bit disappointing - the broth was too thin).  The popular item seemed to be the craw-fish. I passed by tables where people had stacks of craw-fish on their plates.  I myself, took a nice quantity of shrimp, and except for peeling the shell, basically had a nice shrimp cocktail (on a plate). If the line is super long, like out the door (as it was this day), I'll probably end up at the Courtyard cafe, but if the line is not too bad, and I'm hungry, you'll be finding me in this line.
3	Among Buffets in Vegas, this is okay. If the price was a bit lower then I would give 4 stars. Price = $35 for twoservice = okayHours = louse - who closes in Vegas at 9 pm. Food = I can cook just as well for the price.Overall, I guess I expected too much. I really didn't like being rushed to get all the food I wanted in 15 mins.. I would go back only if I have a 2 for 1. I honestly can't see the value in paying more than that.
2	It was edible. I came here with my mom and grand parents. they wanted to eat here. Think they had crab or something they wanted. It is not very memorable. I have eatin at several better buffets similarly priced. I have been to vegas too many times to like this place. But the food was average, service and atmosphere is the same. I rather eat at the orleans Coasta Cantina. Much better quality.
4	I ate here for breakfast on Saturday. It was only $8.99 including drinks. I expected the worst but suprisingly, I enjoyed the food here. The bacon was crisp, the mexican sausage was especially juicy and you can't go wrong with the biscuits and gravy. There was also an omellete bar. It's a steal at $8.99.
4	Cheap ($14.95 dinner) and good enough!  Everyone lived and had no emergencies eating here! :)Didn't have to wait very long, once we paid we were seated right away and SUPER close to the food.  It was great!  Service was excellent!  Food was hot and from the amount of people there was a good turn of fresh food.  Nice layout too - spacious and  no rude people.  Keep Calm Get Buffet On! :)  My favorite was the crab legs, crawdads, peel-n-eat shrimp, when given the right cut the baby back ribs were excellent and beef ribs were pretty cool too.  I had tiny bits of everything and didn't feel like those Wall-E floaty people!  Dessert was alright.  I did like the coffee ice cream.  Pumpkin - not so much. I'd go back.
3	Decent lunch buffet, with variety. Good price. Tried the beef brisket and ribs, which got great reviews from others--good flavor, but lots of fat on them. Most of the food was bland.Definitely save room for the dessert bar. Deep-dish pecan pie was quite tasty. Oreo cake was good too.
3	***Friday lunch review***CHEAP!!!!...but expect what you paid for...We've always wondered and were curious about the casino buffets away from the strip.  On Friday around noon, we had to go to AutoZone and Orleans Casino just happened to be around the corner...we said...why not?The buffet has no lines which was nice...Yes it is nothing like the buffet you experience on the strip but for the price, it is ok...not bad.* Price:  $8.99/person...CHEAP* Food: NO CRABS but small cocktail shrimps with shells still on them.  My most memorable was Mongolian BBQ...it's descent (oh don't ask for beef...it's tough and tasteless) Crawfish available...but dry.  Oh I would stay away from the desserts...* Service = pretty attentive.* Ambiance = honestly, it has a feel of run-down old casino buffet but it's ok.  It has it's charm...very relaxed and casual.  Ok, no sophisticated gourmet here...basically, if you dream of being able to go to a mall food court and eat whatever you want, all you want....this place is it.
4	Great deal and great food. Especially breakfast. Its not the fanciest place. But i come here everytime i'm in LV.
3	Went with the family about an hour before they closed for dinner. I wasn't that impressed-it seemed like it was the place to eat your sorrows away with mediocre food after you lost a decent amount of money at the casino. Because of the odd time, we were placed at a small corner of the eating area, and rarely had anyone come and take away our plates. It was definitely A-Ok.
4	I've been here now for breakfast and for lunch, and I gotta admit, they were pretty good.  Not every item was great or anything, but over all I definitely enjoyed both meals. This place is DEFINITELY better then suncoast buffet. That place went down hill YEARS ago and is gross.I will definitely be back to this place and just fyi, not only did this buffet have a crowd of people, so did the casino area too.  So people are comin here for a reason. ;-)
3	We've eaten here twice and we will not be back. The quality is lacking. You get what you pay for here. You get an ill feeling when you are done eating here. Who wants to eat craw fish anyway?
2	Service there sucks and the food is mediocre at best I wasn't expecting greatness just decent food.  So yo dollas and go to some place else.
3	A buffet is a buffet is a buffet (unless you are willing to spend the BIG dollars to dine at the Bellagio buffet...THAT one is amazing.  But I digress...).  We came here with some free buffet tickets in hand (you've GOT to love free Vegas!) and without much of an appetite so we didn't try much.  Overall, the French Market Buffet isn't anything amazing, BUT it does have everything.  There were sections of food "types":  American, Mexican, Seafood, Asian, Italian and they each had a really decent selection.  The food was okay, the service was actually pretty good, and the atmosphere was typical buffet.  I think this is definitely a decent choice if you are staying here and want to eat on the cheap or with a lot of choices, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here if I wasn't (especially with the other [better] choices that The Orleans offers).
5	Voted Best Buffet in Las Vegas... I see that advertising for everywhere in Vegas... Who decides what is the Best of Anything???In this case, regardless of the billboards, I do. I believe this to be the Best Buffet in Vegas. I have eaten at several including the Rio and Bellagio. The French Market Buffet at the Orleans is a much better value than the others. On Friday's it is higher than other days, but being Catholic I appreciate that almost everything they serve at all the stations is seafood. For under $20 on Friday, I piled high plates with crab and shrimp. Had civeche, shrimp fajitas, fish, sushi, clam strips, oysters, a smorgasbord of seafood. Everything was delicious. There are also a ton of desserts to choose from.
1	I don't think so. This "buffet" is probably one of the worst buffets I've ever eaten at. The food was bland, the staff was rowdy, and the utensils were dirty. When you eat corn that tastes like nothing, you know this is a waste of 14 dollars. Just don't come here at all.
2	This is the cheapest place in Vegas to eat buffet...but you can see why. 14.99 gets you a bunch of crap food and unlimited champagne. I'd honestly rather pay 20 bucks more and try the Rio buffet instead, which is a whole better deal.  I'd get little foods here and there and take a bite out of everything but i wasn't impressed.  In fact, all I ended up doing was eating a bunch of bananas.
1	Whoever says this place has good food has obviously had their taste buds surgically removed or ones that are accustomed to the creations Chef Boyardee and Hot Pockets. Your options are:*Pasta *Mexican (The guacamole is made from a powdered mix)*USA (Proof that Americans don't eat anything original)*Chinese (Hello, MSG)*Salad Bar (Wilted lettuce leaves and sopping mayo bean/pasta salads)*Seafood (Cocktail shrimp, crawfish, and tuna doused in cream sauce)*Carcass (All the dried up meat carcass you desire)*Diabetes (All the "ice cream" you want, and grocery store cakes you can shove down)*Slops Our server was incredibly sweet despite his sh*thole occupation of hauling away plates of half-eaten "food" and was prompt in delivering drinks.  But honestly, you're better off people-watching here than actually consuming anything.
4	Great buffet for the price!  We ate here twice in the 4 days we were here.
1	Only go if you need to flush your system out, There is something about this buffett that I get immediately sick and have to race to the lavatory at least 25 minutes after digesting their garbage, and I keep going back because of the free comps, and still haven't learned my lesson yet!!! extreme Diarrhea ,stomach upset, cramps and dysentery every single time. Is it the salt and sodium, the grease, the butter , the creamed soups???  Or could it be the germs of everyone coughing and sneezing and touching the food. Dirty silverware, asked a cook for a soup spoon and he ran it under some cold water and handed it to me. 20 mins.before closing saw another cook pick up some food with his hands and eat it behind the food counter but within viewing of guests.   ummmmmmm    be afraid be very afraid.
4	We were in Vegas for Thanksgiving and looking for a reasonably priced buffet with good food.  We were close to the Orleans so we went to their French Market Buffet. After a 40 min wait (not bad for Thanksgiving at 1pm) we got a table and it was really, really good for the most part.  The traditional Thanksgiving fare was not that great.  I didn't like the way they did the yams at all.  My husband thought the dressing was ok but I didn't.  The turkey breast was delicious but the dark meat was pressed in a loaf and slice, my husband didn't like it much.  However the other food was awesome!  Seafood Newburg, Jambalaya, Crab Stuffed Salmon from the seafood section.  Hubby had a plate of Mongolian BBQ that he loved.  The Steak with Peppers from the Asian area was faboo, tender and delicious!  There was also some Veal Osso Bucco.  It was new to me but really good.  The dessert area was also wonderful with a LOT of variety.  Strawberry Shortcake and Cheesecake were our favs.
3	Every Christmas season a club my husband belongs to, which shall remain nameless to protect the dorky, has their Holiday "party" at a different buffet.  I say "party" because this group eats and runs.  Luckily, we were at a separate table with two couples who stayed a while, so it was a pleasant experience. This year's buffet was at French Market at Orleans.  I was dragged, kicking and screaming.  I'm not a fan of buffets unless they're 5 Star Yelp quality, otherwise why bother?  I don't particularly like stuffing my face just because the food's there.  We went on Friday night, which is Seafood night.  I like seafood, but don't love it, so right there my review has to lose a star - or two.  I waited patiently by the crab legs while the Great Unfed loaded up their plates to overflowing, then took my two crab legs.  I promptly gave myself a deep puncture wound trying to wrestle the crabmeat out of the shell.  I DON'T LIKE TO WORK FOR MY FOOD!!  I was happy to discover that the crab wasn't as briny as the last time I tried it, but it wasn't full of flavor, either.  I don't do oysters, so I skipped that part, and the peel-it shrimp wasn't anything to write home about.  I did like the baked salmon and the osso bucco.The desserts were typical - looked great, tasted not so, except for one chocolate-covered thingy that had a decent chocolate mousse inside.  And the soft-serve ice cream is ice cream, not froyo at some other buffets.  That was pretty good.  I don't like pie, but I'll give this buffet a 3 .1415.
2	I really wasn't impressed. Over crowded. Servers are slow. Food bins were either empty or restocked with stuff other then what was posted. Mongolian BBQ - had great flavor, but the meat has bones in it, YUCK. Italian & Mexican were OK. The BBQ ribs about a B-. Just real average buffet. Not worth my time to return, when better buffets can be found closer to home.
4	Did I hear someone say ALL YOU CAN EAT PRIME RIB?!?!?!?! Yup Yup! You did!This buffet is located inside the New Orleans casino. The price is a bit expensive (over $13) but if you sign up for a free B-connect membership, your meal admission is only $9.99! Need I repeat it? All You Can Eat Prime Rib for only $9.99!I have to say the quality of the selections there is pretty good, considering how much you pay for your meal. I was pleasantly surprised at the Chinese section, since the stir-fried vegetables and eggplant dish was pretty delicious. Usually, in my experience, I usually avoid the Asian section when I go to buffets (except for sushi) since the food ends up tasting like Panda Express.But other than that, I really did enjoy the dessert! They had ice cream flavors ranging from Vanilla, Coffee, Mango, and Peach. Also there were sorbet flavors such as Passion Fruit (My fav! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!), Lemon (another hit!), and Watermelon.I definitely recommend this place, especially if you sign up for your B-connect membership before lining up at the buffet. It's worth it. You save AND you get to eat happily. :D
4	Great selection! Go for Sunday brunch and they will have one lox and bagels which is one of my favorite things to eat. They also have a great omlet station. I love that they have fruits and vegetables which are as fresh as it can be. I love there Asian section, they make great food there. They normally make lemon chicken, sesame chicken and a chicken dish. They have a great selection in the mexican food part as well as an italian part. If your at the hotel i'd recommend it. You cannot beat the food you will get at that price. Go hungry because they do have a great amount of food that they serve. The meat is great whenever they have it out. Dessert is awesome! They have everything there.
5	i'll be back!!! always good eats!
2	Went during lunch time. Wait was long to pay, and then another long wait to be seated. Food was average, there are better buffets to choose from if you are willing to pay a couple of extra bucks.  For the price, you get what you pay for.  Waitress was friendly.
3	This was our plan B when plan A was a bust (we checked out the menu at the oyster bar and the cafe, but majority ruled)- the McMullen's irish bar across the street was jam-packed, and there was a radio station there too (should've known it would be a hot spot since St. Paddy's fell on a weekend this year). (We'd been here years ago, but I think that it was seafood night.)Since I had the baby, my system has gotten a little sensitive to certain dishes so I went the safe route and stuck to a few choice items: shrimp scampi- didn't really taste like it was supposed to but eatable (didn't get seconds), chicken gumbo (good considering the averageness of the buffet as a whole), peel 'n eat shrimp- who can mess this up, right?, mussels- a tad overdone but eatable, green beans- surpsingly a crispness to it, and not soggy, prime rib- good, once you cut out all the fatty parts (and there was a lot of it). There were salads, mexican, seafood, carving stations, asian including a mongolian feature, and pasta. I still find that some people get a little crazy when it comes to food, and that there will always be an impatient person right next to you or someone who wants to create their own line when there is already a clearly defined line started. The majority of the diners were good, except there were a couple kids playing and when there is a big crowd, that type of horseplay is not appropriate period.An average Las Vegas casino buffet is the best way I can put this place, not the worst, not the best, just right smack-dab in the middle. To tell you the truth, the desserts ARE better than the food selections- there were No-Sugar selections as well, in addition to the pies- pumpkin and pecan, cakes- red velvet cake, slice of rolls- lemon or raspberry, cookies, macaroons, plus ice cream and gellato- about 9 flavors like cookies 'n cream, coffee (delish!!!), watermelon sorbet. Just steer clear of items like cake slices that were the obvious leftovers. I made the mistake of grabbing a red velvet slice, against my better judgement, and had to take off the entire side because it had hardened a bit- eww.There was a lot of refilling of dishes going on by the workers, which meant there were a bunch of customers here. It was a good crowd for a saturday night. It wasn't too noisy, since our baby got to nap a bit. I also noticed a Hand Sanitizer station in between food stations, which you don't see a lot in a typical Vegas buffet. The drink server was good except she kept missing asking one person in our party. FYI- get the card so you don't feel like you just wasted your money; it's a few dollars cheaper when you "get connected." $12.99 for saturday dinner.
4	$15 for an all you can eat buffet that includes PRIME RIB? I AM IN!The prime rib was my favorite. I really ate about 3 slices. & thats ALOT because i ate the other food as well. The workers were very nice and the reasonable amount of items on the buffet were okay. I was sad they didn't have FRIED CHICKEN but its okay.I'm not too sure if we'd be coming back here, but it was a nice change and surprise.
3	Have ate here regularly when I stay at The Orleans.  A typical Vegas style buffet with five culinary stations including Italian, Mexican, Chinese, Mongolian BBQ, and Southwest BBQ. There is also two carving stations with the usual prime rib, ham, turkey or beef brisket.  Large salad bar with a few soup of the day options.  And desserts include many sugar free cakes and pies, gelato and cookies.  Good price for decent quality food.
4	This is, by far, my favorite buffet in all of Vegas Valley. There are a lot of things I really enjoy and the taste and temperature is very consistent. The shrimp scampi is a must if you aren't allergic to shrimp. The prime rib isn't the best, but it is still pretty yummy. Also, there is SUSHI. Which is actually fresh tasting and delicious. They only offer a few different rolls, but it is better quality sushi than you would expect.The vegetable sides are really where this buffet stands out, in my opinion. Especially the roasted potatoes by the BBQ section, the Lyonnais potatoes in the Frenchy section, and the greens beans all the way down at the end in Italian/Asian.It reminds me of back home in Texas. And I don't say that about much. The only thing lacking, which I would have expected to see in a New Orleans-themed place, was rolls of some kind. They had fantastic corn bread, but no good yeast rolls like you get down South.
1	Mold on the pie, told the chef he told me it was just burn marks. Never seen burn marks that are green. As we where leaving he was yelling at the dessert lady , and pulling all the pie I was eating. Only thing good about this place was the drinks. Even the prime rib was over cooked and dry . Gross, the shrimp scampi people on here rave about is slimy.
3	This review is based on lunch dining - I would've never though to go here, but it was a work stop, so here goes my review. It's $7.99 for lunch and it's quick, its food and whare more would you expect given those two things.  It doesn't compare to many of the strip buffets in terms of the quality of food, but I don't think it tries to.  There is quite a large variety of options organized by cuisine.  I had a few things from the american and chinese section and a salad.  I did see pizza, pasta, potatos, fried chicken, meatloaf, mac-n-cheese, a mexican spread of tortillas and taco shells with the fixin's, and salmon that was actually pretty tasty!  There are quite a few dessert options to go with the many food options and there is hard scoop ice cream and I am a sucker for hard scoop ice cream!  The soft serve machine stuff doesn't cut it.  The coconut cream pie was probably the best tasting thing I had during my trip there, definitely recommend it. Btw, THERE IS NO ROMAINE - it's an iceberg lettuce kind of place, but that sums it up.  That should be the title of this review. :)
2	I used to go to this Buffet when I lived closer but haven't been here probably in 5-6 years at least. I usually figure a buffet is a buffet and know what to expect. Last night, this place was just a big MEH! Most of the food tasted exactly the same as other items and some of it was less than appealing in it's presentation. I'm also not a big Prime Rib fan but I do at least like it to not be smiling at me. It was clean inside and looked nice.The service was great and friendly, which is unusual for a buffet. I won't be back soon.
2	This is not one of the best places for a buffet, but if you want to save money and go to one for the basics, this is it.  They don't offer fried shrimp, crab legs, etc., but they do have prime rib and roasted chicken. Yay.
4	I would say FMB is in between  3.5 - 4 stars ~ We came here on a Sunday after much debate on what we wanted to eat and decided a buffet was perfect for a couple indecisive minds haha The price was $12.99 (with a player's card) for Sunday brunch which includes AYCD champagne~ The line moved super fast so we were happy about that and we both agreed that the food quality had improved from the last time we were here.. I really enjoyed the crawfish, prime rib, salmon filet, hot & sour soup, smoked salmon & cheese cubes.. My man couldn't get enough of the mustard hush puppy crab cakes things HAHA The server was nice & let us know she was leaving. She also made sure we had all the drinks we needed before she left! Nothing fancy here but you really can't beat the price and the food was actually good! HOT TIP: Get a Player's Card!!! Price with * is with a Player's Card discount ;]]] _Monday-ThursdayBreakfast: 8:00am-10:00am  $6.99* ($7.99)  Lunch: 11:00am-3:00pm       $7.99* ($8.99)  Dinner: 4:00pm-9:00pm * Featuring Prime Rib & Shrimp Scampi $12.99*($15.99)  _FridayBreakfast: 8:00am-10:00am  $6.99* ($7.99)  Lunch: 11:00am-3:00pm       $7.99* ($8.99)  Dinner: 4:00pm-9:00pm * Featuring Prime Rib & Snow Crab   $15.99* ($20.99)  _SaturdayBreakfast: 8:00am-10:00am * Featuring Champagne  $7.99* ($8.99)  Lunch: 11:00am-3:00pm * Featuring Champagne       $8.99* ($9.99)  Dinner: 4:00pm-9:00pm * Featuring Prime Rib & Snow Crab  $15.99* ($20.99)  _SundayBrunch: 8:00am-3:00pm * Featuring Champagne  $11.99* ($13.99)  Dinner: 4:00pm-9:00pm * Featuring Prime Rib & Shrimp Scampi  $12.99* ($15.99)
1	When I first arrived I was excited to see a long line to get in for breakfast. I  came here with a Meet up Group  of around nine of us for Thursday morning breakfast. It was my first time here. My friends had been last week and stated they had some issues but were going to give it another try.When I sat down The staff was terrible about getting our drink orders . They weren't friendly at all about Refills. I was really surprised because my experience since being in Vegas has been pretty friendly service.The food was not cooked well at all. The Scrambled eggs looked RAW and the Sausage was burnt. The eggs benedict wasn't appealing at all.Overall they had decent variety but bad quality service and very poor quality food. For the money its not a BAD breakfast if you're staying at the hotel but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here for food otherwise.
1	The food was disgusting and the service is one the worst. We went during lunch time and it was like 7.99 but man, even with the cheap price comes with cheap ass food. The only good thing was the french fries and the soda -.-
3	The only great thing about the place is the price; it simply can't be beat. But what you pay is what you get.It was our first meal after arriving to LV so we were pretty starved. Seated right away.Food was good but not great. Like it lacked zazz. The hot and sour soup sucked (way to sour).I did enjoy the potato salad, of all things. And I think the mongolian station was the best station because the food was actually flavorful. Dessert was the best part! (though i wish they had more fruit options). I got some peach cobbler (my fave dessert) and some honeydew on the side. soooo good. And some hot tea with honey and lemon [on a 103F day haha] to finish my meal.Not bad, not fabulous. Great price.
1	Grossest buffet I have ever been to! After seeing a nasty wirey white hair in the chorizo, I thought I was going to throw up. Then a lady came around me and grabbed a bunch of them on her plate, I was going to tell her but I froze because of shock.  I tried to force my self to eat since I was starving, but just couldn't do it. The price was $7.99 per person and supposedly included champagne but we were never offered any and no one around us had any so we just assumed it it was just the name for a breakfast during the weekend.  The price was low enough for me to just sit there and drink coffee while my hubby had a plate of french toast and an omelet. We went to eat elsewhere right after since I hadn't eaten. The staff is rude but what do you except from a cheap buffet. They couldn't pay me enough to step foot in there again, well maybe a million dollars, ha ha. It sure does remind you that paying more for quality food and service is worth it.
5	The food and prices makes up for the long wait time getting in. I definitely recommend this place to everyone. I have been to many buffets in Vegas and this is by far the cheapest. So if you want a Cheap quality Buffet, and don't want to pay the high price of one, this is the spot you're looking for.
4	First off...I'm just going to say this buffet have a pretty great dessert section for a "off the strip" property. So definitely save room for dessert. They got endless flavors of gelato, different kinds of cakes and pastries (some are sugar free as well).Second...they have a good variety of food items available with a small salad bar, Mexican, Italian, Chinese, and a BBQ station. I'm a simple kind of girl when it comes to buffets. I really don't care for the seafood and all that "fancy smancy" stuff. Just give me the basics of  spaghetti and meatballs, eggrolls, enchiladas, dumplings, BBQ meats and sausages etc etc...you get the idea. For $8.99 per person on a weekday lunch...you can't beat that.
2	Hometown Buffet a la Vegas. Pretty standard ordinary sub par food. It is $15 for Sunday which is pricey so definitely I wouldn't go back. I had ham, blintzes and cold shrimp with sauce.
4	This may be one of the better Vegas buffets off the strip. A variety of foods such as seafood, Mexican, Chinese, Italian, and Mongolian. I had a little bit of everything but my favorite was they're carne asada and seafood enchiladas. Mixed with some salsa, guacamole and sour cream. Oh boy! Two salad bars, but who eats salad in Vegas? Very big selection of desserts! Not only ice cream and pies, but gelato! That really surprised me. Awesome place to eat if you're at The Orleans.
3	This is the buffet option in the Orleans Casino.  We had lunch there with a reunion group and were well served in a separate room.   The food options were extensive, if not terribly exciting....other than the dessert bar which was nearly overwhelming in variety of cakes, pies, fruit, gelato and even no-sugar-added caramel gelato.  Other reviewers note the different ethnic cuisine bars, but the Mongolian area offered bacon, eggs and other breakfast items at 11 am.  Price was under $10 with the free "B-card" offered by the hotel/casino chain (available on the casino floor.)   Slightly higher in the evening, but prime rib is included.   (BTW prime ribs seems to the the mascot meat in LV)  Considerably better and nicer ambiance than the usual Golden Corral or other buffet at a very reasonable price
5	This buffet is awesome! They have a wide variety of items including sushi, BBQ, Mexican, Italian, Asian, salad bar, dessert (even sugar free options), and much much more! Your tastebuds will not be bored! I loved how the buffet items changed from breakfast to lunch to dinner and even the next day there were items they didn't offer the prior day. Also during the champagne brunch they have a chocolate fountain! They offer an all day pass Monday-Thursday for $25 and Friday-Sunday for $28...such an incredible deal! It's a great way to save money on food while in Vegas. I will definitely be returning!
4	You kind of have to go to a buffet while you're in Vegas, right? This one has a fantastic selection at a reasonable price: italian, mexican, asian, cajun, fried things, meat stuff, soups, salad, and an especially impressive dessert variety: ice cream, cakes, pies, danishes, all kinds of stuff! I went at breakfast, so they had breakfast things too like waffles, omeletes, and pancakes. The dishes were hit or miss quality wise, as generally to be expected at a buffet, but the majority of it was quite good, and the beauty of a buffet is that you can try all kinds of stuff and eat more of what you like! I think my favorite dishes were the shrimp/cheese enchilada, churros, mashed potatoes, crabcakes, and apple crumble. And convenient if you're staying in the hotel!
3	Let me start by saying I was rather impressed with the quality of the cuisine at the buffet. I'll begin on a positive note before delving into the depths of my irritation with this place. I went twice during my stay. Once for breakfast and once for dinner. The breakfast was one of the best breakfast buffets I have visited in a while and the dinner was pretty top notch as well. There was a good variety of steaks during the Saturday night dinner buffet with a good supporting cast of potatoes, veggies and other buffet staples. The grilled onions and sauteed mushrooms were a nice touch. The problem I have is with the mandatory 18 percent gratuity for a large party. We stayed at the Orleans over a weekend for a family reunion and gathering of friends who had not seen each other in some time. Our party for dinner was approaching 50 bodies and we got there prior to their opeing for dinner and gave plenty of notice ahead of time. We did not just show up and ask for a table for 50. We paid in small groups (immediate families, etc) and were all charged the 18 percent. I can see an 18 percent tip at a restaurant where the waiter or waitress takes your order, fills your drinks, deals with special requests and is attentive to your table. An 18 percent tip at a buffet is over the top to begin with, but outrageous when you consider the drinks were running empty and the waiter was rude and acted as though we were putting him out. The tip was in the $150 range for a lack luster, one-star performance from the waiter. If you have a casino "Club Card", you'll need one card for every two people to get the discount and there was no price break for children. The quality of the food was the saving grace, making this an overall three star rating for me.
3	Their quality has gotten better and this is a run of the mill average buffet. Neither good nor bad, and they often have coupons that come in the mail.
3	I've eaten here a ton of times. It's ok. You get everything you want. There's American, Asian, Italian, Mexican, and an extensive salad bar. Pretty much your typical local casino buffet. Nothing will stole you as awesome, but it's all edible. Salad bar is loaded. I do like the Mongolian grill. Lots of dessert options including a chocolate fountain.
4	Living in Las Vegas, I've been to quite a few buffets at both the big hotels and Station Casinos. This one is definitely one of your best deals (about $16.99 for dinner, $3 discount with BConnected card) for the mid-priced buffets. The prime rib was excellent, and the other offerings included Mexican, Asian, Mongolian, pasta station, delicious dessert station.
3	I liked the price and the food wasn't bad either. The salad bar is small in comparison to many other buffets but who goes to a buffet and eats a salad?  Right? They have a BBQ area, stir fry and make your own pasta stations, a Mexican food area and pizza and pastas. Oh and then there's dessert. I think they may actually have more dessert than food options. Soft serve, cakes and pies, gelato and sorbets and my dad's favorite: the bread pudding. I enjoyed the breakfast buffet with the omelet station and crisp bacon!  The waitstaff that brought your beverages and took away your dirty plates were really nice and prompt with our drinks. I had to minus a star because of the cashiers. On one occasion the cashier was rude and charged us incorrectly even after we told her numerous times how many people were in our party. She was downright sassy commenting on other people being served near us "oh there's another one, must a full mood out tonight".
4	Excellent buffet for the price!  They have all sort of different foods to choose from, and not the long over crowded buffet like the ones on the strip.  Also sign up for there free B-Connect card and you get a discount on the buffet.  Well worth the trip and price.
3	Great buffet for the price. Of course you can go to a fancy buffet on the strip but the price will triplicate.
3	Not bad! But my rating is considering all the other casino buffets as well. Just because I'm giving it a 3 star does not mean I didn't like it or had a bad experience. I loved the salad bar! Such a sucker for rabbit food... had to come back and get 2nds, maybe 3rds just on salad. Aside from the build your own salad, their salads were pretty good. I was however disappointed in their seafood section. Really wasn't much, probably the least impressive of the buffet. The BBQ selection was pretty good, as well as the pasta election. Like other buffets though, there is always that ONE dish you would come back for. There wasn't that for me here. It was a really long time before I was able to get a refill on my drunk, our waitress could have been a little more attentive. Overall, A-OK.TIP: Got a local ID? Sign up for the players card to get a locals discount here, good for two!
1	The morning after eating at the Orlean's buffet, I got a terrible case of food poisoning. I was in Las Vegas for work. I was in the bathroom every 20 minutes with diarrhea and I threw up twice. One of the worst days of my life. Many of the vegetables in the salad bar looked old and brownish. The rest of the food looked OK but something was bad. I won't go back.
1	I did email the Orleans with what happened. I did get a call today from a person investigating my email. He took some info and gave me a claim number that I will use to contact their risk management department. I asked for a refund, hopefully I will get it.
2	I went to the French Market for the all you can eat BBQ beef ribs.   First of all, even though they call it BBQ it's not.  The ribs are roasted in an oven, and then just before serving the cook slathers some BBQ sauce on the ribs, puts them on the fire for 60 seconds and then serves them.  There is no BBQ flavor, no smoke, no spice rub, no falling off the bone tender.  They don't give you a steak knife so eating them is a pain.  The ribs have been cut so that the only meat is the little strip of meat between the bones.  Very disappointing - but all you can eat - for about $10 if you are a member of the players club.   The salad bar had the bare minimum ingredients to call it a salad.The deserts were more looks than taste.  Tasteless meringue in the lemon meringue pie, tasteless pumpkin pie, cannolli with barely any filling.  Best desert was the cream puff.There are much better buffets in LV (but they don't have beef ribs).
3	Went here for my wife's Christmas party on the weekend.  Although they had a large selection of food, nothing here looked particularly appealing;  though, it probably didn't help that I wasn't feeling very well before I came here.  The food overall probably rated a two, but the service by the staff very attentive to everyone so the service was great, bumping the rating up a star.
4	Prime rib that melts in your mouth.And a good price with your connected card.Vegas really is a foodie paradise
2	Been to eat at better buffets in Vegas. Steaks were tough, pecan pie looked green (see photo). I did like the Mexican section. Food seemed to sit out all day. Will not be back, sorry
4	I don't typically do buffets...but this one did it right!!! Everything was prepared well with quality ingredients. The service was fast and friendly.  The price was nominal for what you got..I think it it was like $13 for dinner...I would DEFINITELY go back if I wasn't sure what I was craving and needed a quick bite to eat!
3	Decent prime rib buffet for the price. Food quality is better than some of the other buffets in this price range. The place was very busy around 8 pm on a weeknight. Oddly, I really liked the sushi - shrimp tempura and various CA rolls. And the prime rib was good too. Southern food was good - collard greens, black-eye peas, etc. Salad bar wasn't the best - iceburg lettuce mix and not many toppers. Large variety of desserts but none were great.  Server was great - very attentive and friendly.My only complaint is that the hosts took a long time to seat people and did not prioritize those in the handicap line. And they were not super friendly.
4	I don't think I have ever been happier in my entire life. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it's not as convenient to get to.$17.99 for champagne Sunday Brunch (without player's card) and they did not mess around with the champagne. They basically just poured the entire contents of the bottle into our drink glasses (and it was just two of us). The servers were very attentive and fun. The buffet itself: heavenMade to order omelet station-delicious with plenty of options.Seafood! Delicious baked clams, sushi, lox for bagels, calamari, and plenty if other options I did not even try (including crawfish which I thought I would try but instead became our table mascot).Plenty of fresh fruit and cereals including oatmeal and grits. The rotisserie chicken melted in my mouth and had I not filled up on everything, else the honey glazed ham looked amazing. Dessert selection: wow. So many cookies, pastries, pies, and cakes to choose from, but I had to have the chocolate fountain. If I could have stayed for more time (and had a bigger stomach), I think I would have tried everything in the Mexican and Italian sections because everything looked delicious. Keep in mind that I have never been to another Buffet in Vegas, so perhaps there are better ones out there, however I know where I am going the next time I am in Vegas.
3	Don't be scared away by the huge line of large people: it moves fast.   Strange concept where you pay at the register and then get in line to be seated for your buffet.  Drinks are free and fast (soda and water that is).  Several buffet stations: the variety is key since each section does not have a huge range of appetizing items, maybe 1-2 things in each section looked reasonably attractive.  No particular dish was special or amazing, just basic level ingredients and expected tastes.  More comfort food/americanized versions of foreign cuisine (this is Vegas after all).  Good way to fill up before a long night or afternoon out wandering the sad streets.
5	By far my favorite buffet in Las Vegas.  The food is outstanding, the selection is great, and the service is also great.  You also cannot beat the prices.  $7 for breakfast if you're a B Connected Players Club member or a guest at the hotel.Even if I'm not staying at the Orleans during my visit, I will make it a point to get to this off-strip hotel for breakfast, lunch, or dinner at the buffet.  I highly recommend doing the same for others as well.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Finally tried their Sunday champagne brunch.  Only complaint was that we overate.  Line was about 15 minutes long, service was good, food was fresh and had great selections.  Getting refills on drinks was no issue and the champagne tasted great.
3	True to Vegas buffets, this is a good place to get a meat and more meat for dinner at a reasonable price.  This works fine for my partner, but not so much for me.  He really loves the bbq beef ribs, and though the prime rib is more like roast beef than prime rib, he says it is very tasty.    I like the buffet because they do offer fresh fruit and a decent, though not remarkable salad bar.   Their mashed potatoes taste real, which is something that even the more expensive buffets don't offer.   The mongolian barbeque is a good way to get some healthy freshly cooked veggies, meat eaters can add that too if they like.   There are too many old school overcooked/old looking offerings for me to give this buffet a 4.   The desserts, for the most part, look pretty, but taste weird.   The gelato freezer wasn't working, perhaps that is the best dessert option, but I didn't have an opportunity to judge.  If you are looking into this buffet because of the many deals that Orleans has to offer, like you have a 2 for 1, or are considering  gambling here a bit on Young at Heart days, I think it's worth it.   Orleans is very generous to the people who gamble there even if you are a light gambler.
4	Have been in Vegas for 5 days and the Orleans is right down the road.  We've eaten at the buffet 3 times and have enjoyed the lunch and dinner.  The staff is always checking for drinks and keeping the table clean. Ate 90% salad bar and loved the selections. Found the smoked ribs and that became our desert. Really tasty. Ate at 2 of there other properties and would give the Gold Coast a three star and the Main Street a two star.
2	Haven't been to the Orleans dinner buffet in quite a while...went there tonight, a Monday, for their prime rib featured buffet.  Guess the prices have recently been raised, with my club card, it still cost me $16.50.Prime rib was dry (I tried it 2 or 3 times--the au jus didn't help...recovering from over eating while I type this), the rest of the selections were truly average and unremarkable.Compared to other LAS buffets on a Monday night, there are much better (a) values and (b) quality to be had.Very disappointed, unlikely I'll return to the Orleans feeding frenzy in the future.Didn't use to be like this...
5	good selection for the price
4	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #65 - #365Don't expect 5 star quality, it's more like 4 star quality with 2 star pricing. I'd honestly rate the Luxor and Excalibur buffets a 1 - 2 stars. The food here is not the greatest compared to the strip buffets but it gets the job done. What i liked about the buffet was the prime rib, crab legs, cocktail shrimp, and the crawfish (New Orleans Style). They also had different sections of food, like;-American-Italian-Seafood -Mexican-BBQ-Cooking Stations-Dessert I would come back to save some extra money if I'm ever in town to save some money from the strip buffets and restaurants. Anything to save a buck from the tourist trap areas.
4	One of the best value buffets in Vegas!Not on the strip, so it's not so crowded, and I've eaten here twice without ever having to wait in line.Good variety too - for lunch and dinner, they categorize the food: USA, Italian, Chinese, Mexican, Seafood, Mongolian, BBQ, and a huge dessert section in the middle.A lot of the food is pretty decent, though I didn't think the ribs were that great. The shrimp cocktails were fresh, and I liked the Mexican and Seafood sections the most.The dessert section also had no-sugar desserts!Super cheap, we came here for lunch on a Friday and it was only $10/person, without any kind of membership or anything.It's not the Bellagio or anything but French Market Buffet at the Orleans offers great value in terms of quality and variety!
2	Looking through yelp someone posted a picture of the prices which is not current. Today we went for brunch and with the B connected card it's actually $16.99 instead of $13.99. Regular price is 21.99. The b connected card applies for 2 guests so since there were 3 of us 2 of us ate for $16.99 and the third person was $21.99.Asked for a high chair for my toddler (didn't have to pay for) they brought a highchair that was filthy with old food glued to it. So disgusting. Requested another highchair which was clean.Food: was OK I was disappointed but my husband enjoyed it.  A lot of variety especially in the desserts section it was overwhelming but out of the 4 desserts that we sampled the pecan bar was the best. Overall food lacked flavor not worth the $ go elsewhere.
2	For a southern style buffet, this place sucks...everything is flavorless unless it has sauce. What I did like about this place was that they had individual sections for each ethnic foods.  Still didn't do much for taste.  Even their freshly cut ribs were terrible (not to mention their dry roast beef)....$18 down the drain...had 2 plates and bailed cause I couldn't see stuffing myself with flavorless food.
2	Disappointed - not my idea of a Vegas buffet. Poor service and microwave quality food - I guess as the saying goes - you get what you pay for
5	my favorite buffet in  the city. i use to go all the time on saturday night when it was steak and shrimp scampi night. make sure you get the players card. it cost around 17. well worth it the food is amazing and the selection is just great.
3	Tried the lunch buffet here this past Saturday around 2pm-ish  - pretty decent for the price of $10 per person and they weren't super busy at that time.Service: The service was okay - our waiter was a bit slow and they didn't really clear out our plates as quickly as we ate...actually it would stack up quite a bit before he or anyone came to clear it. He was also hard to wave down to get refill on drinks. It did get a little busier with big parties of people coming in - looked like there was a graduation somewhere cause a lot of graduates came in to eat with their families. Food:They have pretty good selection of cuisines and not to mention an unbelievable amount of choices at the dessert section. They had a lot of comfort food for sure - fried chicken, mac n cheese, jambalaya, etc. What's interesting was that they had really good pizza - usually buffet pizzas are okay - but the pizza here was really cheesy and the crust was really perfect - not super thick and not too thin - so to my surprise I think their pizza was pretty awesome. They had a lot of good choices for desserts too - 7 different flavors of Gelato - the peach ice cream was the best and the Watermelon Sorbet was very refreshing. In addition, they also had Tiramisu, red velvet cake, cookies and just too many to name - However I did like their Chocolate Cream Pie the most - it was pretty heavenly. Overall this was a pretty decent buffet for a pretty fair price - at least for lunch. I would come back here again.
4	Just made it before the end of breakfast at 10am. $7.99pp with the players card was a great, especially when paying for 8. Great selection and everything was well prepared. Good selection of American and Mexican. Even had good menudo.  They started bringing lunch out at 1030, so the big eaters in our group ate two meals in one sitting. Great value.
4	I couldn't pass up this $7.77 buffet special for locals inside the Orleans Casino.  It is 1/2 of the regular price of their evening buffet and they had prime rib too.  I haven't been to this buffet for a long long time, so this was the perfect opportunity to rediscover this buffet.  I was impressed by the selection of hot food items.  The prime rib, though, was on the dry side (overcooked).  My wife really enjoyed the jambalaya and pulled bbq pork with fried onions pizza.  I know it sounds pretty weird to me but she said it tasted pretty good.  I, on the other hand enjoyed the crayfish,  Their sushi was freshly made which was nice, compared to other local buffets around town which served day old and dried out sushi.  I would definitely go back for this price.  Okay, maybe not for a couple of week, since I ate way too much in one sitting.
4	Great buffet especially for the price! We went to breakfast buffet for $7.99 with club card. OJ was good and great omelet bar. Several folks making omelets. We will be back! Short breakfast hours though M- Saturday (8-10am)
4	Great buffet with affordable pricing. It is the most expensive on Friday nights so a way to save money is do lunch or a late lunch before they switch to dinner pricing at 4 but stop letting people in for lunch at 3. They have a bbq, italian, mexican, american, chinese, seafood, and mongolian/Hawaiian station plus desert.  It's fresh and good quality.  Not as good as some of the more pricey buffets but for a $9.99 lunch it beats the $35 buffets anyday. Make sure to get a player card for a better price.
3	I'm not a very picky eater because I don't enjoy cooking.  For me, the effort (grocery shopping, cleaning, prepping, chopping, stirring, frying, etc.) and time is not worth it - especially if it doesn't turn out well.  I'm so exhausted from my Graveyard Shift job, that sometimes I'll skip a meal because I'd rather sleep.  That's why I truly appreciate anything anyone cooks.  I understand the work that went into combining ingredients to create a meal.With this in mind, I especially enjoy Senior Days at the Orleans Casino.  It used to be on Tuesdays, but now it is Wednesday.  After collecting 50 points on your B Connected Players Card, you earn a free breakfast or lunch buffet.  After 100 points, you get a free dinner buffet.  I believe I earned both a lunch and a dinner buffet!I have been to pricier, higher quality buffets like the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan, but for the price (free), I can find good enough food at the French Market Buffet. For example - the dessert section... the fluffy cheesecake; and the strawberry torte.  I wish the torte's crust was on the lemon meringue pie!  I try to eat things that I don't normally make, such as the bread pudding, chocolate cream pie, and the gelato.  Those are pretty good.  Remember to get a plastic spoon from the dispenser!The Italian section was okay - there was pizza, pasta, garlic bread, and lasagna.  Nothing really outstanding.  The pizza crust was on the thicker, softer side.The BBQ area was interesting with its collard greens, yams, black eyed peas, hush puppies, ribs, and fried okra.  I had a well-done rib and enjoyed the crispy edges!  The Asian foods were adequate: spring rolls, Hot & Sour Soup, Egg Drop Soup, crab sushi, and shrimp tempura sushi...  The noodles loooked spooky, so I just had one for good luck. Some dishes looked sad and overcooked, like they had been there a while... The salad bar looked fresh.  The fruits (cantaloupe, honeydew, and watermelon) were relatively sweet.  The peel and eat cocktail shrimp moves here at dinnertime so the crawfish can take its place at the Seafood station.  Dinner buffet includes Prime Rib at the carving station.  Breakfast buffet includes an omelette station.  I skipped over the Mexican section because by that time, I was full.  I had a bite of macaroni and cheese for my niece, but it was bland.  The service is quick and efficient.  The atmospere is energetic with many people moving here & there.  It's like a variety show!  The coffee refills are often.  Raspberry iced tea is available.The long line to get in moves well.  There are many, many chairs and tables for singles and large groups.  It's just a basic buffet for everyone of all age groups to fill up.  The variety and value are noteworthy!
3	I ate here with my family for breakfast. It cost around $9 a person. Pretty cheap for a breakfast buffet. There wasn't that long of a wait. This was my first time here. They had pretty normal/expected breakfast foods like pancakes, waffles, eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, etc. The food was ok. Nothing great that stands out that makes me want to eat here again. We ate here because one of my relatives were staying at The Orleans so we just ate the breakfast buffet here.The food is ok for the price. If you're in the area and looking for a decent priced breakfast buffet, try this place out.
3	This is a typical casino buffet, a bit of a crap-shoot. Most of the food is pretty good, not spectacular. It's probably as good as you can make at home, but we do enjoy the variety.In the past, we thought the desserts were particularly good here, but they weren't this time, which was very disappointing. However, IT IS A GOOD VALUE and you get plenty of food choices. I would not discourage you from going here, just don't expect fine dining. It's a good dinner though. (or lunch)
3	Buffett was pretty good. They have seafood. . Mexican. .usa...bbq.. Italian... salads .desserts of many kind like cakes. . Pies. Gelato.. pRices listed online are only if u have a player's card which is free if u don't have one the it's about $6 more
3	I was in Vegas for 4 days and ate here twice.First time was for breakfast, a decent selection of stuff to choose from; you have fruit, waffles, pancakes, bacon, sausage (normal breakfast foods). Nothing to spectacular on that end considering the biscuits and gravy they had was below my expectations (gravy lacked flavor almost as if they were afraid to make that traditional peppery white gravy you crave with biscuits and gravy), drink service was also a little slow but it was to be expected for a Saturday. But then you get to the desserts which were available during breakfast; not only did they have donuts but they also had cake and pie. I'm a sweets fanatic but have a pretty severe nut allergy and the lady working there (I can't remember her name but super sweet and a little older lady with brown hair in a bun) was very understanding of that and gave me a full list of everything with nuts, cooked near nuts, and may possibly be contaminated with nuts. I was pretty happy with that since I got a fresh slice of the most delicious peach caramel cake I've ever eaten and convinced me to give the buffet another go but at lunch to see if it was better than breakfast.Second time was for lunch and lets say I was left feeling a little disappointed. The cooks  behind the buffet prepping food didn't seem to know much about the foods and had to go track down other chefs to ask if anything contained nuts or was cooked in peanut oil; while nothing was prepared in peanut oil other foods "could have nuts". Disappointing since they couldn't name anything that had nuts at all and I had to guess at what would or wouldn't be safe to try and eat. The lunch options were not very impressive either, the fried fish was kind of "meh" the pasta at the American station was very oily/greasy almost as if they had only boiled the noodles and melted butter onto them. Italian food left A LOT to be desired, the pizza wasn't very great but even bad pizza is good pizza, but there were not many pasta options. Plain noodles and only meat or marina sauce, a few options for various different pastas (none of which really stood out) and one sad looking vegetable lasagna. Drinks this time were quicker to arrive and be refilled. And then we get to desserts, whoever makes these do a superb job and they ladies who work in that area (the one from Saturday was there again) are the nicest workers I have ever met. They saved what would have been a disappointing lunch with the offering of a delicious blueberry cheesecake that I had two pieces of.Overall: very average quality food offerings, except desserts those are superb; but the price is pretty decent compared to the other buffets.
2	We had 3 ruby players cards for our family of 5 adults and my son and for my son they wouldn't do the discount of $5. We told the cashier and she wouldn't do it. The service was average. The food was good but not excellent. I liked the shrimp, crab, and other foods but their fruit was unripe.The price was reasonable for its food which I liked. Each adult is $21.99.(kids older than 8 are full price)
1	Hate to give a bad review, but if you like the Orleans buffet, please un-friend me. THIS WAS GROSS!Seriously, this is crap. Hopefully Mr. Boyd does not show up at my house and takes this as constructive criticisms!We had a comp, I still wanted a refund! the people in front of us paid $44 for 2 on Sunday Night "Summer Sizzling Southern Crab & Shrimp Boil". Which comes with a free beer. I asked the server about the free beer, he asked if he should go get it for us? What? I asked what kind, he replied "Blue Bell Beer" ... ummmm, again, what?   No, I guess we will pass, since we did not want to inconvenience the server.Now, let us break this down - "Summer Sizzling Southern Crab & Shrimp Boil" - they got one part right, it was still summer. Sizzling? Nothing sizzling in here, maybe luke warm. Southern? Well, they did have crawfish, but they tasted funky. Crab & Shrimp Boil - yes, very bad crab legs ... shrimp boil? They had some popcorn shrimp that were kinda fried ... no boiled shrimp at all. Oh, and the meat?  They claimed it was tri-tip. Chewy and had a weird after tasteI have been in Las Vegas for over 20 years - and this was easily the worst buffet experience to date.
3	No, it's not high class buffet like Caesar or Wicked Spoon. But then again, you're comparing $45 to $15. Lines are never to long for the buffet, even during prime dinner time. Most days, there are prime rib that is decent. Succulent meat and taste is there. I also like eating their shrimp with cocktail sauce here. Unlike some other buffets in Vegas, the cocktail shrimp here taste fresh and have that good seafood taste. I do enjoy the simpler American side dishes here. Mac and cheese, baked beans, mashed potatoes, etc. Dessert is nice as well. They have a gelatin bar that they serve you and cheesecake is creamy with a good crust. Don't bother with the Chinese food. Maybe I'm super critical because I'm Chinese, but that hot and sour soup is a joke -  taste nothing like it. Egg rolls inside is too soggy.I give this 3 stars because for $15 and the lack of waiting in line, it's hard to beat in Vegas. As long as you enter knowing full well what you paid, you'll have a good time.
4	Best buffet for all you can eat crab legs on Friday nights. The selection of other foods is also pretty good.  Will come back again.
3	No great stand outs here. Nothing that I wanted to go back for - sad. Crab, crayfish, salmon (maybe the best item I ate), ribs - bland, prime rib - overcooked.  Desserts were run of the mill high production type desserts.  My lemon meringue pie meringue was so hard I couldn't cut it without a knife.
3	Sometimes you just need to get out of the office with the gang and have some fun! This is a fine...and close....place for it! This is our "Field Trip Friday" lunch spot. We load ourselves into a couple cars, drive over and for $8.99 we bond over a mediocre A-Y-C-E Buffet. No harm in that!OK, the food kinda mediocre, but there is a LOT of it!And the deserts are my favorite! Next time maybe I will just eat sugary treats?
2	I used to like this buffet for value.  However, after my recent stay at the Orleans and 2 visits to the buffet, I need to update my review.   I thought the first time was a fluke. In the past, I never noticed them  putting out food that is way past it's prime.  However, there were several items I used to enjoy that should have gone into a compost bin rather than being served as food.  Watermelon and some items at the salad bar were especially disappointing since I had enjoyed them in the past. My boyfriend is the meat eater, and he said the quality of the meat had gone down too.The pricer Sunday brunch was the most pleasant of the meals we had.   The free champagne, which wasn't bad, helped make the experience more enjoyable.  They had better fruit on Sunday, and had a  chocolate fountain to dip fruit, rice krispy treats, macaroons and marshmallows in.   I never cared for the cakes and pies at the French Market Buffet.  They are pretty, but like most Vegas buffet desserts, they taste like they use a cheap oil instead of butter.  The cobbler is usually good, and so is their ice cream and gelato.We always like the servers and tip them even if the quality of the food is bad.  It is not their fault.
3	Definitely a good place to grab some grub! Every time we stay at The Orleans we eat the the buffet at least 3 times in a 4 day period. The food is generally good all around. A decent variety and they seem to always refresh the serving trays. Some items should be steered clear of - like the scrambled eggs for breakfast, they are ALWAYS watery. If that's your thing, watery eggs, this is probably a haven for you, because no matter which section you go to, all the eggs are cooked the same - watery. Yuck!  Pancakes have been served burnt. Sometimes the kielbasa sausages aren't fully cooked. Desserts could be better, most are dried out. Also, we went for the Thanksgiving dinner. The turkey received from the carving station was delicious... the precut turkey slices in a serving tray tasted like rubber... hmm. I've learned the best thing to do with all buffets is to get a small spoonful of everything that looks good to you and go back for more of the stuff you actually like.
5	Hands down better food than the Bellagio or the cosmopolitan. I would take the bus here from my resort, and then walk back to try and burn off some of the calories. it was so good I went twice.Directions from the Las Vegas Strip at Tropicana. cross the street to the north side of of Tropicana. there you will find a bus stop. Take any bus going East, but there is usually only just one. get off one the Orleans is anounced.Mike starting to get a Players Club card as this will give you one to two dollars off.Directions to French Market is very well marked.Once you pay and are stated the choices are unlimited. come prepared with what food styles you are looking for. the good stuff like the sea food and barbecue, it's at the far left. this is also where things get very exciting and tantalizing.At least four different types of ribs in addition to a large carving station, with some of the largest portions of smoked brisket you can imagine. perfectly seasoned, with many rings of smoke, and a fatty bark if you request that. I always request fatty bark pieces. my serving was at least a half pound.it's a good point to remember that it in a buffet like this, to take advantage of things that you don't normally get to eat so skip the salad bar and go for the expensive things like shrimp and grilled vegetables.Shock and awe on the dessert station. the tiramisu was so good I went back for thirds.  but in addition there were several varieties of gelato as well as sugar free desserts.Service was five-star five-diamond. but my dad Pepsi and my water never went empty and I did not have to ask. licked clean plates were whisked away unobtrusively when you would come back to the buffet. From the cashiers to the cleaning crew, everyone greeted you with a sincere smile and kind words.What really stood out was the number of regulars and locals, that have a choice of hundreds of buffets. What keeps them coming back is the delicious food and service. and I do not have to reply on cheap gimmicks like the Cosmopolitan....stop putting food in different containers such as miniature skillets. this is nothing more than a gimmick to get you to eat less.I would recommend French market to anyone visiting Las Vegas.
3	We came here for the first time like 4 months ago and we thought everything was delicious and a bargain deal. But this time around was very disappointing. What happened??? We were quite disappointed with the quality and taste.
3	Breakfast buffet costs only $8.99 per person with a Players' Club card.  Including drink, this is a deal!  The food tastes good and there is plenty of variety:  omelettes, chocolate waffles, doughnuts, cereal, fruit, sausage, and much more.  If you come near the end of breakfast hours you can get the best of both worlds when they switch to lunch fare, including seafood, BBQ, Mongolian, and more.  My friends also loved the AYCE seafood dinner buffet -- the cost is a little bit more, maybe $15, but they quickly ate more than that in crab legs, mussels, clams, and shrimp.Come early in the morning to avoid any lines.  This represents superior value compared to the Courtyard Cafe, which is also in the Orleans, though that Cafe is 24 hours.  There an entree plus drink could easily cost you $12 or more.
5	I really liked this buffet inside the Orleans Casino. I like that they have a huge variety, large seating, good prices, and good schedule. Next time we're there I want to try their Sunday Brunch. So if you're staying at the Orleans, the Buffet is a MUST.
3	We had a large party of 13, so was a bit challenging getting us in, but we all waited for a few tables.  The selections are good, there is a BBQ section with beef ribs, chicken, bbq beans, corn bread, a New Orleans section with Jambalya, gumbo, collard greens, mud bugs and red beans and rice, a Chinese section of fried rice, noodles, char Sui, a carving board section of roasted chicken, turkey and roast beef, gravy mashed potatoes, an Italian section of pastas and pizzas.  A salad and soup bar and a dessert section with selections for diabetics.  Serve was nice, refilled our sodas, Walter and coffee.  There is just nothing that jumps out at you that says delicious, mediocre buffet food, the crawfish was good, collard greens good, hush puppies good, roasted turkey was dry, gravy ok, couldn't find the bread.  Ice cream or the gelato was very fluffy/airy, not a good texture, soft serve I passed, the cookies were ok.  Again, nothing stands out at this buffet.
2	This buffet has gone downhill. The overall prices without discounts are 21.99, which is not worth your money because the food is less than ok. The fish tastes like its been frozen for months and the pastas are watery or too dry... the Chinese and Mexican food were ok and the American food was worse than mediocre. The desserts were good, especially the gelato. Overall, don't come here to eat unless you are dying of starvation!
