4	OH, 4.5 SECKSY STARS!!Very possibly one of the best poolside chill-out spots on the strip!Just hawtness and cocoa butter ev-er-y-where!The cost of admission is, of course, being a guest at Mandalay Bay; thankfully, with the IPC Tech conference in town/@Mandalay for the week, MN and SE were put up here for work.As you pass through the amusement park-like turn-styles where they electronically check your room-key for validity, and once you collect a towel or two from an attendant, the area opens up into a spanning horizon of endless tanned and toned bodies.  Shyness is not an option, apparently.  (Actually, there is a fair amount of porcelain-skinned and not-so-fits *raises hand*, but the grrrrrr-yummies definitely draw your attention!)The centerpiece of the scene is the wave pool, technologically producing modest swells that crash down with a soothing and familiar sound as sunbathers lay out on the beach-chairs or on towels sprawled out on the sand.  Yes, sand.  A course grained sand that actually brushes off fairly easily and, barring any *teeheehee*-playfulness, shouldn't easily find its way into places you'd rather not have it... Along the perimeter, there are at least 4 other aquatic attractions - a lazy river and 3 other pools.  Two of those smaller pools seemed very much patronized by the familial types; couples/grand-couples with children, etc.Also to be found along the edges of the beach are a series of luxurious cabanas outfitted with televisions and whatnot, all of which must come at some astronomical premium, I'm sure.Food and beverages are available via a large outdoor bar and adjacent concession stand, as well as upper-scale restaurants/bars that overlook the beach.  - Via the Bikini Bar, we ordered three (3) mojitos and a bucket-o-coronas (5, canned).  The exorbitant-but-not-unexpected price?  Sixty-eight dollars.- Along those same lines, but far more satisfying were the $10 half-pound Kobe Cheeseburgers available from the snack stand.- Cocktail service is also available on the beach, via waitresses (a la Baywatch, but with drink-trays instead of life-preservers).So, do an extra workout, eschew carbs a bit to get them abs tight, rock your dopest poolside gear and bring yo'secksy-selves to Mandalay Beach... (... but get there friggin' early and bring a credit card!)_________________________________... the powder blue bikini she wore flattered her fit form as she slinked cat-like across the sand towards a towel.  She lifted her stunna-shades, light brown eyes atwinkle in the high sun..."Hi... I'm Marissa.""Hi... Mikey."
4	Stayed at Mandalay Bay over Memorial day weekend, so despite the shitty weather...I still had to see this so called fake beach at Mandalay. I must say there are plenty of pools, and the lazy river is quite nice. There seemed to be a lack of Jacuzzis though. And it may have just been the weekend, but I was quite surprised to see just how many kids were here.   Anyway the place in concept is pretty cool...however some things don't work. They have a bunch of chairs covering the beach..so what sand there is...cannot be seen, and given the amount of "Beach" goers at Mandalay..even on the day of crappy weather...getting a seat is damn near impossible unless you are early. I got two of the last crappy seats on the beach and we were there at 11 am.  In my honest opinion this place would've been MUCH more awesome and beach-like if they got rid of half of their chairs...so people just had to lay out on the actual sand with beach towels...like an actual beach.  The wave pool is quite strong...but they only turn on the wave once every minute or so...so it's kind of boring waiting for the next wave.  Anyway four stars for a cool concept that somewhat worked. Surprisingly being Mandalay is known for all the young hotties...I didn't see many...maybe because it was Sunday and they were all at Rehab @ Hard Rock..BTW it was funny watching people put on like SPF 30+ sunblock in 65 degree weather trying to tan or prevent burning..you silly haoles.~Gp.s. Yes this is one of the best pools if not the best pool on the strip...but the crowd may not be worth it.
5	i love this pool.  unlike the other pools in vegas like at bellagio and venetian etc this pool is like a beach.  ok hard rock has this too.  but this one is clean.  the sand gets really hot so be careful when you walk around on a hot day.  this past saturday it was crowded.  sunday it was empty.  they play music so i didnt bother bringing my ipod.  on saturday they also played music at the club moorca or whatever its called.  and its kind of annoying how the music clashes.  the waitresses walk around frequently to ask if you want drinks.  they dont serve food.  if you want food you wan walk a few steps to the grill right behind.the pool is a wave pool that has a wave every few minutes.  on saturday they let people do whatever they wanted.  on sunday the lifeguards didnt let people stand in the shallow part of the pool and were rather annoying about yelling at them.  there is also a lay river.  you can buy tubes i think?  not sure about renting them.this is definitely one of the best pools
5	Best pool in Vegas.  Lazy river, wave pool - what else can you ask for?Over the years it has gotten more and more crowded - the addition of TheHotel sharing the same amount of square feet of beach kind of sucks, but it's worth it to get there early (and I mean early) to get a chair and hang out for the day.  Make friends with the cocktail waitress, tip her well, and she'll be back to bring you fruity drinks with umbrellas all day long.
4	This is the pool at Mandalay Bay. To be honest, there's about 3 or four pools, a beach, and a large wave pool.Head out early to snag some chairs. Otherwise, just have a fiver ready and get one of the staff to help you find some open spots. It beats wandering around in the heat wasting swimming and sun-soaking time.There is a 21+ area that you have to pay to get into, that's a different club altogether. We didn't check that out as it was pricey for guys. Girls, you can tan topless in that club. Not sure if they'll have a problem with you being topless in the main pool/beach area. You may have a problem with all the yokels wandering by staring.You can get waiter service at your seat, including buckets of beer. There is also a bar, a restaurant, a faster-food/take-away type area, and a store selling supplies like suntan lotion, sunglasses, trunks, etc. Useful if you forgot your sunglasses and lotion, especially when it's 107 degrees out. I got some killer bright red sunglasses for $20.The wave pool is fun, you can body surf and try to take out kids, lifeguards, and teens who are trying to be too cool to actually get in the water. Nothing more fun then embarrassing self conscious teenagers.
4	Most amazing hotel pool I've ever seen!  My room had a great view of the pool so before heading to work I would wish I was going there.Love the variety of pools - wave pool, lazy river, regular pools.  Wow!Tons of lounge chairs to hang out.  Special cabanas for a price (not sure what that price is).At the entrance you get a towel and they advise you that alchol is not allowed even though the waiter at the restaurant nearby sold you an overpriced margarita to go...  we just denied we had alchol and were let in (the young guy at the door didn't seem to care but still that waiter knew we were going to the pool so I'm not sure why he told us to get a margarita if you really shouldn't bring them in).Anyway, my only real complaint is the hours.  I wished it was open longer, especially in the morning before work when it's sunny out.
5	*IT IS A DAMN WAVEPOOL*. Yes it was closed when I just went there, but whatever.And yes it is a total shitshow of me me me those are totally fake, etc type of nonsense.  people looking at people looking at people, ad nauseoum.But it is a great wavepool, and albeit crowded like this:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inA-36YRV0Ywell not like that but you get it.It is a fun amusement park for adults:  drinking, swimming, oggling.It is a fine place to relax during the day.
4	This is a nice pool, but it seemed more for families.  I loved Morea pool however.  You have to pay to get in and its a topless pool (although I didn't go topless and neither did most of the girls there).  But they have nice lounge chairs, great cocktail service and it was very relaxing.
4	I'd have to say that this was pretty cool.   After several days here we kept noticing a large amount of women coming in, in bikini's and decided that we better go check it out on the last night there.   Sure enough, hard bodies everywhere, and I dare say that it seems to be top optional!    Amen!      Only problem was, after getting some peeks at some impressive bare breasts my attorney and I didn't have any women with us, being the losers that we are.    Don't go down there unless you have a woman in your company for your trip.   In fact she might enjoy it as well.   :)  This is cool.   While we didn't see anyone totally nude, I don't doubt that you could get by with that...    Well...   Late at night at least...
4	If I hadn't seen this pool on TV so many times, I would give it 329080 stars!  But I watch a lot of TV and read a lot of travel magazines and of course, this pool is rated one of the best pools in the world.  It truly is a wonder with the lazy river, wave pool, numerous other pools, and Moorea Beach Club... BUT I expected so much because it was overly hyped.  Don't get me wrong, it is very cool and deserves all the reviews, but I guess I expected something more than what I had already seen on tv.  Unfortunately, the pool casino is closed!GET THERE EARLY OR ELSE YOU WON'T HAVE A SEAT!And I saw UB40 here and they let you go in the shallow end of the wave pool and dance in the water!p.s. Their lazy river really isn't lazy!  It goes super fast and it is funnn.
3	I was so excited about staying at theHotel so that we could hit the "beach" at Mandalay Bay -- I mean, the website portrays their pool as STUNNING.But it was seriously A-ok.  yes, there was sand -- but all under the chaise lounges by the wave pool -- which was pretty cool, true.  But we made it out around 11:30 or so? (our attempts to get out at 9A were thwarted by (a) breakfast! and (b) the crazy temperature in the 70s after a WEEK of 90s!!) so a lot of those chaises were taken.  So we snagged a bunch by the regular pool -- so it was just a regular experience, you know?  I will say: buy your water from the store across from the grill -- don't spend $8 ordering poolside, or at the Grill.  I opted to not care, so long as I was getting much-needed hydration, but save yourself $4 ;)And DO order fries + a burger from the Grill -- I *loved* my animal burger (like a Big Mac on 'roids, both in flavor + in size :D) but those fries beat out the burger cuz they are EXACTLY how I like them: texture (you know, crispy but with a little something extra on the outside?) and a bit soft on the inside!  My friend ordered a veggie burger, and the portabello covered the entire bun -- wow!Anyway, I'm glad I got to see it, but I'll save myself the trouble of staying at either theHotel or Mandalay Bay for the sake of lounging by their pool.
5	Ok, insider scoop for ya....I love Mandalay Bay, it's the only place I put my family up when they are here.  I stay there several times a year. (the rooms are another story, they're beautiful).  It is a 4 diamond rated property-very classy & clean.Mandalay Bay has the best pools in Las Vegas & it's only for hotel guests.  You must present your hotel room key upon entry, they do however, allow up to 4 people per key.  Security is out there scanning the cards.11 acres & 9 pools.-It has a lazy river that you can either purchase or rent inner tubes. Just buy them it's cheaper and you can reuse it while you stay there.-The wave pool produces 3.5 foot waves every few minutes. Sorry Keanu you can't bring your surfboard, body surfing only.-It has awesome cabanas you can rent that will run $200-$1800 / day.  But when you book a room ask if there any promotions that can be added to your reservation, summer months typically have cabana credits.-Standard pools & jacuzzis-Moorea Beach, which is a private TOPLESS adult only pool.  You must be 21 or older to get in, there are fees associated with entry.  Women are $10-20 Men are $40-50, depends on what day you go.  They have shorter hours than the regular pool.  Parents: don't worry kids won't be able to see in, Moorea is completely separated by a wall. -Not only are there crazy aquatic indulgences, but you can gamble too.  There is a beach-side casino (second floor).-Tons to eat, the restaurant (like most on the strip) are pricey, but yummy.-A poolside bar in the middle of the pool area.-You can buy any forgotten beach apparel or sunscreen in the surf shop inside the gates.-Towels are provided & they aren't stingy with them.  I always grab like 2 or 3.-All of the pools are heated to at least 80 degrees-It has an actual sandy man-made beach fully equipped with lounge chairs, but get there early, they go quick.-Cocktail waitresses do walk around, so I suggest leaving an incidental credit card at check-in so you can have it charged to the room.  It's too dangerous to leave any personal belongings on the lounge chair when you go swimming.  Although, I have left my cell phone tucked away under my towels probably 3 times and no one snatched it.It's beautiful & sooo awesome! GOOOO, have yourself a day at the bay!!! lol whoa, that was cheesy!*********************************************************************************Update:I went this Thursday because I get comps n sh*t....this time we were comped a Beachside Bungalow (which I was super stizzzoked aboot).  I was told by the sand sweeper that this one was a $1200 / day Bungalow...I will have to find out for sure if that's true.  Dang!  I would never pay that much for a day in a cabana.  But it's awesome for having a wee partay, which is exactly what we did.Honestly, we were treated like royalty.  Every 15-20 minutes our little cabana boy came to check on us.  The fridge is fully stocked with wet goodies & towels.  It was certainly very nice and we felt special.  We were tucked away with a perfect distance from the pool - see virtual tour on link.  http://mandalaybay.com/thingstodo/beachbungalow.aspxI had a great time, except my winter virgin skin was lobsterized. Ouch!  SUNSCREEN!
5	Oh yes...take me back! Feeling reaaaal good after Moorea, my friends and I headed here, straight to the lazy river where we proceeded to act like 12 year old boys on a sugar high. (Think pool scene from The Sandlot) ID's in our mouths, sunglasses on and missing earrings, we were all about it. Note, this river is calm, real calm so I am sure we stuck out real bad when we managed to swoop on some people's inner tubes. (not advisable, angry moms will yell at you) After about 10+ rowdy trips around, looking like wet puppies we ran over to the wave pool. Riding waves was never so cool. Next we ran over to the Beach Grill right before they closed for the day, I think 7p? Expensive junk food but all worth it, apparently acting like a 12 year old boy will make you eat like one too. Probably one of the best days I've ever had in Vegas and didn't involve much extra $$, guys or a club. That is saying a lot and well deserving of 5 stars.
4	A faux "beach"? Only in Vegas.Met with friends here on the way to dinner - a friend had to sign us in. Unsure if there was cover, or if you had to be staying at Mandalay to gain admittance.Had fun lounging on beach chairs, cooking in the sunny weather. It wasn't crowded at the time - late afternoon - yet there was still plenty of eye candy. Oh yes.Bar drinks were pricey, but that fact shouldn't surprise anyone. Just knock back a shot or two to get a healthy buzz if you need one.
3	Love the idea of a fake beach in the middle of a hotel.  However we coudlnt really experience it because it was SO CROWDED.  I also recall a ton of children which in my book doesnt fly when I'm trying to get rowdy with a bunch of girls.  Doesnt matter anyway cause we could never get enough seats there.  It was a stifling 106 deg during July 4 so the pool was defnitely key.  Thers a south lagoon pool right by the beach which was perfect.  Pool, bar,chairs... all you need and no crowds.  Tip: get the drinks virgin, holy crap I nearly died drinking in the hot sun what with the heat and the asian red face mix.
2	I would definitely suggest coming to the Mandalay Bay pool if you're with your family or kids. The crowd is much younger and more family oriented. That being said, I wasn't extremely impressed with Mandalay Bay's pool. All of the hype from the lazy river, to the intricately connected pools, to the wave pool I expected more. We reserved a cabana for the day so it was nice that we had our own space to relax and to not worry about us leaving our area without our belongings getting stolen or our chairs getting taken.
4	We booked a cabana and spent our 4th of July laying out at the pool.  The beach opens at 8am, so get there early to get your lounge chairs.  The cabana only came with 3 lounge chairs, but we had 8 girls.  Our girls got to the beach at 10am, but it was too late.  The early birds took all the chairs.  We ended up lounging in front of other empty cabanas until we got booted.  The beach is HUGE.  There's a wave pool, lazy river, three swimming pools, and a beachside casino.  The lazy river was fun.  Our cabana came with 2 inner tubes, so we just let the current push us around the pool....very lazy river.  There were just a lot of kids in there, so if you want to just relax, its definitely not the thing to do.  We checked out the wave pool after the lazy river.  You pretty much stand around waiting for the waves to come by every 5 minutes or so.  Just make sure you're watching out or the waves will knock you over.  Somehow some girl's bikini padding came out....we found them floating by us!There was a pool by our cabana, but we only hopped in to cool off from the hot sun.  There were too many kids in there, so we opted to stay away.The service was great.  When I first laid out on a lawn chair, there were at least 3 people who came by and asked if I needed anything.  They constantly came by to refill our ice and bring bottled water.  That was really appreciated since it was around 103 that day.  Yikes!I'd highly recommend getting a cabana.  We would've fried in the hot sun if we didn't have our shade.
5	This is by far one of the best pools ever.  The Beach was really big and there were plenty of chairs on the sand.  The wave pool was so nice and fun.  We had a fantastic time!!  They provide nice and thick towels for your convenient.  You have to bring your room key to enter so don't forget it! :)
3	Here is the truth about Mandalay Bay Beach. 1) You have to get there when they open to get a chair. I don't get it, it's Vegas. Don't people sleep during the day. 2) The wave pool is cool, but the waves are infrequent and you have to stay behind the 3 1/2 foot mark. So stupid. I want to just have the waves wash over me. There is one section you can kinda sit in I guess. 3) The non wave pool is FREEZING (and I went in August). 4) The lazy river is fun however they have a stupid waterfall thing, so just as you are getting relaxed you basically have to try and move. 5) The guests at THE HOTEL should have their own pool. We are paying more a night and a separate pool would be wonderful.6) Who brings their kids to VEGAS? The adult only pool has a cover charge. This needs to change. 7) You have to buy your tube for $20+ a tube. We got lucky and someone gave us ours as they were leaving. We then turned around and charged $10 a piece for ours. Try to look for people who are selling theirs. It will save you money. The pools themselves were fun and there are a lot of options. I just wish there were more chairs and less kids.
3	Loved and Hated this pool.You cannot enter this area without your room key, so don't forget it. Once you're in it's like you've entered a mini city complete with bars, restaurant, casino and shops. If you forgot something don't worry because you'll be sure to find it somewhere here.Thought we were being clever by waiting until Sunday morning to hit up the pool. We imagined everyone would be hungover and sleeping still from the night before. WRONG! 11 am and the place was packed. We were only able to find one lounge chair. The sun was extremely hot and I felt I was cooking. I was afraid to leave my stuff in the sea of chairs as we witnessed people fighting over chairs and removing peoples' stuff to take over chairs. I was on my way to the bathroom when I saw smaller pools with surrounding chairs as well.  We decided to move our crap over to the smaller pool and hangout in the water until someone left so we could stake a spot. We finally did after 45 minutes. At that point we were officially able to enjoy this place like it was meant to be enjoyed. Drinks are $10. If you're a beer person you can get a bucket with five for $25 which isn't too bad. They have restrooms everywhere so you never have to walk very far to one, they have showers located next to every pool and if you never feel like getting up you don't have to since they have people going around taking drink orders.Drink up and bring that sunscreen because the sun beats on you here, and there aren't many shaded areas.
2	The wave pool was awsome no complaints on that. The only complaints I have are on the pool staff. They were very rude. I ordered food at the "to gosection" not seeing that they serve the same food at the sit down area so I grabbed my food and sat down in the waiting area and they kicked me out and said I had to eat in the "to go area" what kinda BS is that?
5	My favorite pool in VegaS.   Susan at the valet desk was super nice .    To get in the pool you need a key so hang out in front and ask someone to get you in with them and it always works .  The wave pool is very cool and the life guards are pretty hot.
5	This review is pretty much for the concerts at the beach series that they have during the summer.  I saw my girls the Go-Go's here a few years back.  You can stand in the wade pool during the show.  Hell yeah.  Plenty of room.
4	Laying out at the Beach...where it was only 51 degrees outside made my stay at the Mandalay Bay complete.  But damn does this place get crowded with every douchebag and tiny chick imaginable. (Well, this is Vegas.)When I go back in a couple of weeks, I will review the wave pool...which was so reminiscent of my days at summer camp.  The cold weather didn't stop a lot of kids and adults for enjoying the wave pool though.  I also loved the sand that they had...who knew you could get the beach in Vegas?  The staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. I was surrounded by the nicest people on the planet.  (They were drunk and relaxed...excellent combo)  Drinks were a little over the top in prices, but again...it's Vegas.My only major gripe (besides the douchebags and tiny chicks) was the prices of the cabanas.  Next time I go, I need to find a rich man (or men) so I can live it up.The best thing was that I left with a sunburn.  Success!
3	I'm pretty sure this is your best beach location in Vegas. Good drinks, and good service even though we weren't in a cabana. I called a month out to get a day-bed...already booked! Got to the pool at 12-ish after driving in, and it took about 30 minutes to get seats. As crowded as it was it wasn't overpowering, and the pool options were great. Very relaxing time, I wouldn't mind coming back again, but will reserve some beds waaaay in advance.
5	Best time for a swim at the beach is early in the morning when It just open.As you can see in my video that I recorded in HD of the Beach tour.In order to get in you need a room key that is valid. They will need to scan your room key before you can go in. Usually they don't check the key of each person staying in the room. They just scan one key and say how many are there.Here the video in HD: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XndAxwSBFoQ
4	What a perfect way to start off the day after a long night? Hangout in the lazy/wave pool, chill on the day beds having couple beers, or find a spot on the sand! Sad to say we didn't make it over to the 21+ pool though because it cost 40 bucks for each dude!
5	Being from San Francisco, I go on vacation to enjoy the pool and the sun. At the Mandalay Bay Beach you get all that and more. The complex is huge, with a wave pool, lazy river, a couple other pools, tons of lounge chairs, the beach, and a couple bars. Also they have poolside service with no mark up from the prices at the bars themselves. Spending a day lounging around and intermittently taking dip in the wave pool is an awesome way to spend the day. And a tip for those of you having later flights on your check out day: you can still access the beach for free if you swipe your card before 2pm.
5	One of the nicest pools/beaches around.  The wave pool is solid.  The waves are actually pretty intense.  There is also a lazy river that is short but a hotel that provides a lazy river? ENOUGH SAID.  The pool is only for people who stay at the hotel. You can still go the day you check out.  Nice people watching too.
4	Probably the nicest, most family friend pool in town. Lazy river, wave pool and several other "normal" pools for you to relax by and enjoy the weather. We had a great time with family friends who were in town and would definitely recommend going if given the opportunity. FYI - A bucket of 5 beers is $32 :) and sometimes people need to put their kids on a leash and muzzle.
4	I am not a patient person and unfortunately hunting for a lounge chair at the Mandalay Bay Beach is definitely a patience trying experience.  If the weather is nice, you better get your butt down to the pool early if you want to snag a chair, especially if you need to snag a couple of chairs together.  My friend and I went at 11 a.m. on a Friday and had to hunt for what seemed like an eternity (but was probably only 15 minutes). Other than the chair quest, this beach is really great and the wave pool is awesome.  The drinks are expensive, but you don't have to get up to get them and the servers are pretty attentive.  Oh, and for those of you who have any body issues, no need to worry about that here.  There is a wide spectrum of body types -- everything from hard bodies to really overweight people wearing teeny bikinis.  No need to feel self conscious about your looks in a bathing suit. Whatever the body type, you'll fit in.And p.s. if you are checking out and have time to kill before your flight, your room key will get you into the pool until 2 pm if you want to grab a few more rays before going home.
3	Overall, we had a great time this past weekend at Mandalay Bay's vast pool complex. We had a cabana just off the main entrance surrounding one of the smaller quieter pools. :) Service was pretty solid at first but then started to slack off as the day proceeded on. Yes.... as a former server and just about every other front of the house position, when one gets slammed, it's hard to provide the level of service you strive to. Fortunately, our server brought in extra help incase she could not be reached. A great idea at first but when we needed them most, towards the end of the day, neither was to be found. Other then that, had a great time at the pool, minus the service at the end.
5	Probably the biggest and most extensive pool on the Vegas strip, complete with a wave pool and lazy river. We got a cabana for the day for our group of 20+ (even though the cabana was only meant for 6 max, we took over the lounge chairs in front of it). Our cabana (which I think was the smallest and cheapest, ~$450 before room credit) came with a flat screen TV and a fridge stocked with water and sodas, which could be replenished for an extra $10 (good price in my book). I think the main benefit of having a cabana is having a shade area. As massive and big the Mandalay Bay pool is, there isn't a lot of shaded areas on the beach. You have to go to a food area or the beach casino area. This isn't a problem if you're only out there to catch an hour or two of rays, but if you're planning a whole day out at the beach, then it becomes an issue. The problem with only trying to catch an hour or two of rays though is that the place gets packed easily if you don't have a cabana. With the popularity of the wave pool and lazy river, the lounge chairs get snatched up early and quick so definitely get there early. The other option is to go to the South Lagoon, which is separated from the main beach area and where our actual cabana was located. Bad for us since it's away from all the action, but it's definitely not as crowded as the main area.The wave pool is pretty fun, even for adults. There's probably a dozen lifeguards patrolling it though, which seems a bit excessive. The lazy river is short but fairly fast moving and you can go in it without and innertube. OK, rant time: if you don't bring your own innertube, they make you BUY one (unless you have a cabana in the main beach area, where they loan you)! $25 for an adult sized one! Why would I need to possibly own an innertube outside of this beach area. At first when I checked into theHotel, I passed by people bringing innertubes back to their rooms and thought it was strange. Now I understand why... Wouldn't a better option be able to just rent for the day? Anyways, I thought that part was a rip-off. Bring your own. Regardless, this is still the best damn pool in Vegas, hands-down.
5	Day one, my cabana was alright, it was located  in the south lagoonDay two, private garden pool! OH DAMN, why didnt the damn host hook me up with this on day one!? Jeez holding out on the good stuff! Any who, this is an area where you need another card to get in. No one was in there except for the boyfriend and i! it was awesome, the whole entire pool to ourselves! :) Going back tmr! hee hee
5	Great place to stay in the summer.  They have about half a dozen pools, from standard ones to a wave/beach area and a lazy river.  Only complaint is that it seems like mostly kids and families instead of young single people, but oh well, what can you do.
4	This was a great pool if you dont want to feel like your in a MTV video.  They have the wave pool which is packed with kids, and i think a lazy river that I never got around to finding.  They have several mini pools with cabanas that are seperated from the others.  We chose this option, got a cabana (could have been bigger for the price compared to other hotels) and lounged out for the day!  They waitstaff was great, super quick and always nearby if we needed them.
1	We just spent the week at THE Hotel and were looking forward to spending time at the pool, but only spent a few hours there during our entire stay because it was over crowded and over priced even for the Strip! After fighting for two chairs in the 115 degree heat and buying an inner-tube for $23 we were then robbed by the "Bikini Bar" for another $24 for a corona and a small pina colada! The lazy river was totally over crowded with screaming, splashing kids! We will definitely be back to THE Hotel but will leave the pool for the kids!!!
4	Fun large pool with big wave machine. Not enough shade around it and cabins are pricey, 250 bucks a day. There is an easy rider tube loop but you need to buy a tube for 25 bucks, they should rent them, what am I going to do with tubes at end of vacation...
5	If you want a beach on your vacation to Vegas, this is the one!It's worth going early in the day so you can get a prime seat on the beach or near one of the many pools (or lazy river!). Also, if your finances allow it, get a cabana - even the cheaper gazebo's on the beach are awesome to have!You really can't beat Mandalay Bay Beach!
4	If you want a good seat, you gotta get there early, like around 10 am. Front row at the wave pool gets kind of hectic with lots of screaming kids all day and people walking back and forth. Not exactly the best location if you want to lounge and relax, but good if you want to people watch. What's nice about the Mandalay Bay Beach property is that they have several different pools and each has a slightly different vibe. Moved over to a regular pool more towards the back and it was all adults and way more chill. Drifted off into a sleepy relaxation within minutes. There's also a lazy river and several jacuzzis. Prices for cabanas, inner tubes, suntan lotion and drinks are all really high. All in all, a really nice pool area for a Vegas casino. Definitely feels like a resort.
1	Dirty, disgusting, smelly pool. Rude staff.Should be called Mandalay Bay SWAMP because of the shitty pool and ugly swamp monsters who work there.
5	If you can afford a cabana, do it!! It's great recovery place, especially after a late night dancing! Whoot-whoot! The food service is great! And food was really good too. Order the Thai Mango salad! That was outstanding!!! I would go to the hotel just for that salad! Yummy!!!Wave pool was great, but can get crowded when the hot Vegas sun is beaming! So get there early :)
2	This review is for the Beach/Pool only, not the actual hotel.  Pool/Beach area was CROWDED beyond belief!  It was insane.  There is no reason that a hotel of this quality and expense shouldn't have enough chairs and enough space for all of the guests.  And yet, every single day of our 5 day trip my husband and I had to pace the area stalking, waiting for chairs, finally asking other guests if they were using chairs or not.  Rules were randomly enforced by various lifeguards.  On Friday afternoon, guests were allowed to have beers and drinks in the pool, and on Saturday afternoon, they were not.  In the Lazy River area, lifeguards were extremely strict about all of the guests "moving" with the current.  No guests were allowed to stand or sit in the stairs areas.  In the wave pool, the lifeguards insisted that everyone in the water must be deeper than a blue line on the bottom of the pool.  Their reasoning for this?  "Health codes"  which makes no sense to me and I was a professional lifeguard for 10 years.  Food and drink service from the poolside servers/waitresses was very spotty.  Some days it was quick even when extremely crowded.  Other days it took almost 2 hours!  That's inexcusable!  Especially when the waitress admitted that she forgot to put our order in and was extremely apologetic, but that was it.  In any restaurant who makes its customers wait 2 hours and that is a result of a waitress error, we should have at least been offered our food for free or a voucher for another restaurant in the hotel.  It was only chicken fingers and a burger, so not that difficult, nor that expensive for them to comp us our meals.  Seriously.  There are hardly any shady areas available even though the Las Vegas sun and heat are overwhelming.  In order to have any access to an umbrella, the charge is $50 for the umbrella and $50 per person for a lounge chair under said umbrella.  So for my husband and I, it would have been $150 PER DAY to have any access to shade.  And that's not even counting the cabanas.  The pricing for the cabanas is completely random.  On one day, the cabana prices ranged from $275 to $575 and every number in between simply based on the time of day and the current heat index.  It seemed that the staff simply increased the prices when it got hot, then lowered them an hour later.  With a cabana, you're supposed to get better service, but from what I could tell, the cabana customers waited just as long as everyone else for their food.  Moorea Pool area - for adults - was advertised as "european" bathing - ie: topless, but that wasn't permitted.  Also, it was supposed to be very high end and classy,  but the unattractive women and men that were in Moorea made it not worth the money.  Overall, do NOT waste your money staying at this hotel if you want to use and enjoy the pool.  Regardless of hotel amenities, the pool sucks and if you're getting free entrance in a town that nickels and dimes you for everything (yes, everything) then you should at least have access to a pool that you can enjoy.
4	Your better off paying for a cabana.. if your there with friends, it'll be worth it if everyone pitches in. Finding a lounge chair here is a PAIN!!Overall, love it! It was SOOO relaxing and the drinks at the bar taste GREAT!!!!
4	Ok so I'm at a resort and I expect to pay 14 bucks for a weak pina colada. But what I don't expect is this A-hole bartender named todd to look at me like I'm just making up room numbers when I wanted to charge it to the room. What an ass. I like the bar, it has tv's, drinks, convenient, and I will be back. Just not to this punk todd.This is a great pool if you have kids. I do, so its great and we love it! Wave pool.. Lazy river. Best tip I can give you is to bring your own floating device or you will have to pay 25 bucks there. There's a save on on the strip where they sell them for 1.99 and you can buy water there too so you don't have to blow a paycheck on a few bottles at the hotel.
4	After reading all of these negative reviews, I had low expectations. I have to disagree with all these people. I found that the pool areas, bathrooms, etc were clean and well kept. The service was excellent at the cabana! Servers came around every 10 minutes or so and were fast with our orders. The food and drinks were good. They won't allow drinks in from outside, even if they are Mandalay Bay drinks. That would be the only negative. Other than that, I had a great experience.
5	I love the fact that theres actually sand there! Its the closest thing to a beach that I'll actually get in Vegas, so I'll enjoy what i can. I just had to use my imagination and pretend I was in a beach somewhere off the coast of florida lol. The palm trees help, so that was good. However, the sand is HOT. hot hot hot. :)While my sister-in-law and her friends were getting their tan on, my hubby and I went in the wave pool. At first, I didn't even pay attention to know that it was even a wave pool til my husband had to point it out just before the waves washed over me. It caught me by surprise. I really didnt plan on going under since I didn't bring any make up or hair stuff. My hair got messed up, I was mad for a second, then got over, after all... it is a pool! ;) Hanging out at the pool and playing around in the water took us back to our dating days. It was a fun time :) Later on, we saw Big... from the Mtv show 'Rob and Big' so that was awesome. My sister in law said that she saw them both, but I only saw Big. Darn. Oh well. Too bad this one isn't exactly open to the public. I guess you have to have a room key to get in this one- we got in cuz her friends were staying here... but theres another pool somewhere else around there thats open to the public. hopefully its as good as this one. We'll be sure to check it out next time we're here.
3	Let me start by saying we've been going to MB for a long time.  We love the place, we love the pools, the river.  The beach, not so much, not since our youngest no longer cared about fake sand and wave pools.  The biggest problem with MB is they do not have enough space for all the folks from the three hotels that feed the pool area--the Four Seasons, the Hotel and MB itself.  This is especially true when you realize that rooms with two double beds often house three or four gals or guys on road trips, meaning that the pool area gets really crowded.Over the years, they've increased the sand area, decreased the number of regular lounge chairs, and increased the number of expensive cabanas and 'reserved' areas.  They let people save chairs, so if you don't feel like getting up at dawn to put your towels down on chairs and going back to bed, you end up competing for the few chairs that remain at 10 a.m.  At noon, forget about it.  Food service is good, though very expensive.  As I said, though, the river and the pools alone make up for all this other bad stuff.
4	The beach is insanely overcrowded, but get a cabana and you're in the clear. It's Vegas, money gets you everywhere. Booze, Sun, Pool...what more can you ask for.The staff was greatly attentive and kept me cool all day with never-ending Miami Vice's. The downside...who knew that people still take family (yes, kids) vacations in Vegas.
3	For a Vegas hotel it's nice to have an option of a tide-pool, Tube lazy-river and regular pool. Even if there's a bunch of kids and adults in the pools it's still fun to get in the water for 5 minutes to cool off. Oh, It doesn't matter if your fat albert, an anorexic like mary-kate olsen, crispy dark, or a white ghost... if you find a lounge you'll will end up liking chilling in the H20 & Rays.But trying to find a lounge chair here is a like trying to find a casino in this town that does not serve alcohol. Doesn't matter what time of day you come, good luck on finding a lounge chair if you are not renting their overpriced cabana.Waitress service was eegghh. It was slow to get one's attention, but she did bring out the drinks faster then trying to flag 'em down. There are snacks available if you or the kids get hungry and charging it to your room is easy. As for the lifeguards. The one's at the tidepool are all doing their job, but as for the one sitting at the regular pool don't. The pool had no diving sign, but right in front of it there was a kid was trying to do back flip dives, which I found to be funny because it he kept asking his dad how he was doing and the dad kept praising him for doing flops.The day we went had too many people, not to mention people smoked behind our seats. So trying to tan in fresh air was a killer. Other than that I would have given it 4 stars.
3	Really nice, clean pool. The only complaint about it is that it's wayyy too crowded. If you're there an hour or two after it opens, good luck finding a seat (yes, A single seat).Besides that, this is the best resort pool in Vegas and I've been to a lot of them. They have a gigantic wave pool, a lazy river, and a couple regular pools & jacuzzis all around the venue.Room key required. They have a booth and scan your room key (to make sure it's active I'm guessing?).
2	As far as the actual beach goes, I love it. I love the layout, and its great for a group. My only negative experience here was when I purchased a cabana about a month ago. I dont mind spending some loot for the bottles and food, but I expect the service to be above average. Nothing crazy, I just want someone to stop in every once in awhile to see how things are going and if anyone needs drinks/food etc. I thought it was very odd that when I ordered a bucket of beers and 2 appetizers at the same time, the food arrived first??? Very strange.  Luckily im not one of these stuck up psychos who goes nuts, but I think they need some work.
4	This review is for the Beach as a place to see bands in the evening, not for swimming/sunbathing.My mom and I went to see the Go-Go's...it was an awesome place to see a band! They play on a stage in the water and you can either stand out in the calf deep water or sit on the sand or on a concrete ledge. The place holds a lot of people and there was plenty of places from which to get a good view. It was a super enjoyable place to relax and see a concert.The sound system is surprisingly strong enough to overcome the sound of the artificial waves and the planes overhead. The Go-Go's were great and it looks like the summer lineup will have other good bands. The ticket prices were very reasonable too, less than $30 which apparently was a good deal since the Go-Go's were going to play San Francisco for like $50 a ticket.
4	Pretty sweet outdoor beach that's inside Mandalay Bay. I was lucky enough to be here just couple days ago for a party what was held by a group called JCK. The place was decorated for the party and they had a special performance by Bruno Mars. They setup a stage that was across the beach on the other side. It was nice to see the performance at night. Very clean beach and pretty nice outdoor cash bar that was available for the party people. Not much else I can talk about as I did not have a chance to play in the beach.
4	i have stayed at the majority of the resorts on the strip, but this trip- because of the lazy river at the pool area--- is by far the best. first off, they gladly let me in with my outside cocktail, and then let me float in my tube,on the lazy river while drinking it  (as long as the cup has a lid, youre ok)! its not as crowded as some said, even though it was a friday mid morning. we had no problem finding a couple lounge chairs on the side of the lazy river. i hardly even got out except to get more to drink, and to hit the mens room! mandalay bay definitely capitalized on an amazing idea, and its going to keep me coming back to this hotel in the future!
3	What's not to like about sunshine and a pool!  Thanks to the earlier pool reviews for the suggestion on bringing my own flootie.  Note:  only round intertubes are allowed in the lazy river.  I used my flootie in the pool where there was less activity and children.  I went to order food at the bar and the bartender suggested that I go directly to the food court to save time/money (since all the food is made there anyway).
4	This is, by far, the nicest pool complex in Vegas. Only problem? Everyone knows this fact and the pool is uber crowded in warm months. Get up early and leave mid-day to avoid the crazy crowd. Great for older kids who can enjoy the wave pool. Lazy river is packed and people probably don't get out to use the bathroom, ewww! I'm not a giant fan of getting sandy at the pool either, but it is very pretty and there are chairs in other areas.
3	this is a fun pool even if its more a family oriented  pool. That doesnt mean that its not fun!!! the pool is crowded and space ls limited so i agree with Lauren Ds review......Good luck getting a chair!!! However it still has it fair share of cabanas, casino games, cocktails, hard/soft bodies and little people. it has a mini wave machine too, which the kids love.  its kind of a wait for a the waitress so i would suggest hiting the bar for a drink and the poolside cafe for food. the french fries are awesome.  you get 5 beers for 32 dollars, thats not too bad! Bring plenty of sunscreen too becasue the way the Mandalays buildings are standing, the heat and sun rays just bounces off the walls and zaps you all over. my friend walked in on the lite side and crawled out like a lobster.  needless to say .....SUNSCREEN required !! have a nice summer!!
5	One of the real reasons I stay at Mandalay Bay during Summer months... It gets mad busy here but it's because its so chill. Lay out to island or club beats while being served buckets of beer. What could be better? The wave pool & shallow area is so fun I never get to enjoy the lazy river, extra pools, or Morea. Be sure to get in early for the younger (hungover haha) crowds. If you don't mind more families come later in the afternoon when more chairs open up. It would be nice to have a real pool party atmosphere here but then they'd start charging cover & letting in non-hotel guests. Just got back from Mandalay Bay and still regretting on not using the pool more then we already did!
4	W-- ave pool is awesome.  A-- wed at how Mandalay brought the beach to VegasV-- ibe is young and hipE-- ven though there a ton of kids, 20 somethings can stillP-- arty poolside.O-- ver packed lazy river is why there are 4 not 5 starsO-- K lounge chairs get the job doneL-- oved the bar tenders. Served great drinks with a smile!
4	Just spent the morning and first part of the afternoon at the pool.  There were a lot of us so we got a cabana (a total must if you are going to have more then 10 people in your party).  For a party of 15+, you might want to get two cabanas.  Chair/Cabana service was great and attentive.  The cabana gave great shade to protect you from the blazing sun.  Yes, it IS very expensive but I thought it worth it for a large party.  Come out early to get your chair as it is first come first serve.  Would I go back?  hell yah!  DUH!
2	Overcrowed wave pool.  Cabana rental at $300 is a rip off.  Donut tube for lazy rivre used to be complimentary, now you have to pay for it.  What's the point in "walking"...instead of "floating" in lazy river?  All of the chairs were occupied since 30 min after the pool opened in the morning.  So you have to wake up at crack of dawn to run down and throw a towel and make your mark to occupy your spot... then go back to bed... wake up... eat brunch.. then hit the pool.
5	Best pool on the strip - hands down! So much fun!
4	The engaged couple on their day of relaxation before taking the dive into marriage decided to rent a cabana here at Mandalay Bay. The cabana was located high above the wave pool overlooking the entire beach area. It was a perfect view. The cabana itself was very comfortable and nice with a couple couches, fridge, lounge chairs and our own big bathroom. There were about 3 or 4 other cabanas on our floor and we all were able to share a private small pool which was very nice. We could still enjoy the water witout traveling down the elevator and dealing with the insane amount of people. We were able to escape the madness of Vegas drunkies and just chill in our own private group. The rental is quite expensive but for an entire day it's well worth it; especially for a special occasion. Waitresses are constantly at our service bringing us drinks and food. We were really treated like royalty.
5	I give this place 5 stars, we came back here 2nd time just for this beach pool. My son becomes fish once we get there we had so much fun. I don't really recommend if you don't have kid/s or can't stand kid/s. Because they ruled this place. My favorite part about this is I was blessed by the sun and at the same time our family can enjoy the beach and the waves without worrying too much about sharks or getting lost is ocean. This beach is the best place...so much love in it.
3	I might be one of the few exceptions to the rule but after the hype of MandalayBay Beach, I must admit I had a super tough time figuring out what was so special about this over-crowded-with-kids pool? Yeah they have real sand by the pool but really, just go to a beach if you want that. You'll avoid the thousands of kids with their tubes running around screaming their heads off..!
4	This beach/pool is by far the best in Vegas.The wavepool is nice, but it's too bad that it's filled with hordes of kids yelling with their raucous voices when a wave comes. Speaking of waves, Mandalay Bay has some humongous waves that will knock anyone off their feet. All the kids are waiting to ride them and when I did, I was punched and shoved as I flew through the pool. Also, the lifeguards yell,"GET PAST THE BLUE LINE!" Don't mind it. It's for the safety of the kids.The lazy river is yet again, overcrowded. There are tubes everywhere (they're almost twenty-five dollars for ONE, so don't buy em') and yet again more kids. The main entrance is always packed, so I would recommend that you take some of the smaller entrances as you go along the river; they're not that crowded. Don't be surprised if you get knocked by some guy in a tube or just another swimmer.Try not to walk in the actual beach WITHOUT your sandals on a hot day. My feet were burned the entire day. Get a cabana for a large amount of people although it's really pricey. If you have a group of 2-6 people, go to a regular seat. I'm going to warn you however: if you ain't a sun-tanner, find some SHADE.If you're hungry and want a break from the furor of the wavepool, go to the restaurant by the beach (I forgot what it was called). Although the prices seem a little high, they give you some good portions. The fries are TO DIE FOR. They are crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and calorie inducing. The salad and the sandwiches were also good.Relaxation, fun, and delicious food await you at Mandalay Beach
4	Great pools, just get there early (before 8:30am) if you want to grab a soon to be shady spot.
4	Came here in the afternoon got super lucky and got 2 front row seats  in front of the wave pool !!!  drinks are (Duh! expensive ) @ $15 each Loved the sun and sand  !!!-1 star for having to pay for the tubes ( $25 ) for the lazy river.....
5	I LOVE THIS POOL! it's so much fun and the setting is awesome. only downfall there are a lot of kids, but i noticed going on off days "sun-thurs" the amount of children are minimalwhat i recommend is to go to fat tuesdays in mandalay place get your drink come to mandalay bay beach get a lounge chair drink and relax then play in the beach or the lazy riverALSO THEY DO NOT RENT OUT RAFTS! BUY ONE @ TARGET OR WAL-MART AND BRING IT! small ones are $16+ and large ones are $22+the food is also meh...i would recommend eating before coming here...i wish they had better quality food like at the venetian/palazzo pools
4	I spent a few hours here the other day and just love this pool area!  we got there at 10 and there were lots of people there already but it was easy to find a seat.  By noon though, forget it.  Otherwise go in the afternoon since the pool closes at 7.They have sand so it makes like you're on a real beach.  The wave pool is fun for the kids, but warning, make sure your kids know how to swim since the waves are mighty strong!  The lazy river was the best!  The only reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because 1) they don't supply the floaties you need for the lazy river.  You can rent them, but it's outrageous how much they want you to pay (16 for small, 23 for large). and 2) we brought our own, the kind you lay on, with a mesh in the middle for us to lay back, and the lifeguards, or "lazy river police" said we couldn't have those in there unless we cut out the mesh in the middle since kids can get stuck underneath.  Like, how would we not know if a kid got stuck underneath?  And I just bought this nice raft, I'm not going to cut a hole in the middle!   CRAZZZYYYYY!!!  The pool is just 3.5 feet high at the most.  If a child was in danger, we would definitely know!
5	This is my favorite beach locale on the Strip -- even if they keep the sharks in their own attraction rather than having them in plexiglass pens next door like in the Golden Nugget!  They have a giant wave pool and a reasonably-sized lazy river tubing course.  And the Border Grill's right next door!  The only possible downside?  All those conventioneers walking through the concourse staring at you floating down the river...
4	We went to see a concert (One Republic) and it was a great concert venue; the Drinks were ok, but it's a great place to see a band you like.
3	Love the atmosphere, love the temperatures, love the lazy river, love the access to the casino when desired, LOVE the option to get comfy reserved seating with waitress service! Fun in the sun. Just really don't love the dis-jointed way the reservations themselves are handled. We were told by the cabana rental people to just go grab a cupla loungers behind the red ropes and someone would be over with a credit card swiper. By the time the swiper-toting person arrived, they were accompanied by a couple who wanted our seats! Not fun in the sun. We all eventually worked it out, but it took some of the fizz outta my soda that day :[
4	Get down to the beach at least 10-15 minutes before 9am, there was a long line each morning and if you weren't in it, chances are you weren't getting a spot on the beach. Insanely crowded! The pools were heated, which was wonderful at 9am. The wave pool was tons of fun, as was the lazy river. The music wasn't great, and often you heard 2 different songs being played at the same time on the main beach. There is a small gift store with swimsuits, snacks and overpriced sunscreen. There are a couple of bars and a fast food type grill and a sit down grill. The fast food spot has good chicken fingers, the sit down grill was disgusting! Nachos looked so good but tasted like poo. Ordered a few appetizers but hardly ate any of them as they looked much better than they tasted. hurricane dranky drank was a good time! While the beach is pretty big, it's not quite large enough to accomodate half of the htoel guests at any given time. Overall, if you can stand the intense crowds and limited seating, you will have a fantastic time at the beach.
3	Really nice and fun!  Get there a bit early to get a decent seat.  The chairs are a little close together though and the rounding servers for drinks sometimes disappear.  The place is really clean from the beach to the bathrooms.
5	Just when you thought Vegas couldn't get any better, you finally visited the Beach at Mandalay.  This unique oasis amidst a flatland of heat and cacti makes you feel like a beach bunny frolicking on the shores of Impanema.  OK ive gone to far, maybe the 120 degree weather has me believing the mirage before my eyes, but this place is cool.The wave pool emulates the cool waters of a fantasy tropic location.  But someone should turn the strength of the waves down, this lady lost her bikini bottom's trying to escape.  The beach gets crowded so plan accordingly.  Service and drinks are great here.  Nothing beats an ice cold drink while the sun eats you alive.  Mandalay Beach I love you.This has been a message from your local sponsors... now back to your regularly scheduled program.
4	So out of all the pools I've looked around at in Vegas, Mandalay Bay really does have one of the nicest around.  The main pool, a wave pool, is fairly large and has some nice chill waves to play around in (do listen to the lifeguards by the way and step in front of the blue line, not behind it...I idiotically wasn't paying attention and got pushed back by a wave and scraped by side a bit).  It looks great and is really spacious and has a nice side pool to play in.  There's another regular pool for just general pool play and then a river that is like a mini-Raging Waters look-a-like with a pool that zigzags in circles with a few waterfalls mixed in.  You can rent out inflatables to enjoy the experience even more.  There's a few bungalows you can rent out, lots of chairs (at least during the weekdays) to use, showers, a bar/restaurant/casino area, and a 21+ pool gated from the other side which I'm sure I'll review in a separate post.  Towels, much like other hotels, are given freely.  It's huge, it's chill, it's fun and it's relaxing.  Couldn't have asked for a better experience.
3	A few words to the wise:No glass allowed in. No alcohol allowed in. No outside food allowed in. No outside beverages allowed in. Your bags WILL be searched at rhe turnstile. EACH person must present their room key upon entry. Once you pass security, pick up a towel at the desk and start your search for a beach chair on approximately one million cubic yards of sand they trucked in from, well, the desert. Even in front of the sign that says "No Saving Beach Chairs" folks are saving chairs. But you still might find one: in the blazing sun. If you don't, that's ok. Head over to the bar. Prepare to pay $9.00 for approximately six ounces of the most tepid white wine ever. This is Vegas, mind you. Or, if you just want a soda, prepare to pay $4.00 for 16 ounces of ice with a little ginger ale to moisten it. I didn't price or purchase any other items. I was too busy watching multiple cases of melanoma develop on the backs of domesticated land-based lycra orca from the seclusion of my hat/sunglasses.
4	Any review for the Beach is based on luck.  We went during Cinco de Mayo weekend in the middle of the day and we found quite a few empty chairs in the sand and I'd say they were less than half capacity for the pools and river and maybe 2 dozen people in the wave pool. The staff was nice.  Although, the bartender made me gag/gasp when he said my mojito and margarita were 3 times as much as inside the casino.  (FYI: During Cinco de Mayo, mojitos, margaritas and pina coladas are $5 inside the casino and restaurants... except the Beach.)  I grew up in Vegas and it is THE best pool in Vegas ever since they razed Wet n Wild to make room for Wynn.    Next time I visit with a group, I'm definitely renting a cabana for the free drinks and stuff.A word to parents: There are signs that say no food of drinks in the pools/river, no splashing, no diving, no rafts, no kids under 48 inches, etc. They are very relaxed on all of the rules except the kids under 48 inches.
4	Unforunately, the pool is not open to the public and you need to either have a room key or some type of special access to go inside (ie. slip security a 100 bill and hope he lets you in). This is not a Vegas pool party venue, let's just get that out of the way for those that may not know. This is a traditional pool park with bars here and there to get a drink. If you're looking for a Vegas-style pool party, you might want to check out Marquee Dayclub or Wet Republic. Otherwise, keep reading :)I went to some awesome pool parks back at Guam, so maybe I went here with a little too much expectations. The man-made wave system is pretty nice but nothing too exciting. I wish that the waves came out more frequently and were at LEAST 3-4 feet taller. After the first or second time, the waves get pretty mundane and repetitive. I wouldn't mind a tsunami here and there. The lazy river is okay but waaay too short. There are no slides which was pretty disappointing.There were a bunch of chairs which I was happy about. The place is not as crowded as I expected so it was a nice experience. It may fall flat compared to other pool parks, but it is by far the most entertaining in Las Vegas.
2	Cute gimmick of a place, if you're bringing the wife and kids and maybe grandma too. If you're younger or single and looking for a hip party, this is a complete waste of your time. Head to Cosmo or Encore pools instead.
2	The whole "beach" setting is a novel idea, the wave pool was kinda fun, and the lazy river is neat...but, as another yelper mentioned, this isn't really the scene for young people or singles.  I'm sure it's great fun for families though.There's barely any shade available at all, which is crucial in 110 degree weather.  Sunning is one thing, but searing is a completely different matter.  Also, the days that I went were super-windy and the way the area is structured doesn't block out any of that wind at all.  It would come in enormous gusts and I had to hold on to my towels and beach bag for dear life while my hair would go flying.  Not exactly a glamorous and relaxing scene.
3	Looks pretty sweet.  I didn't get to go down, but it provided a nice view from our room.  I accidentally checked in to the beach instead of my hotel.  They have a wave pool, lazy river, and several different pools with plenty of shade and seating.
3	So fun to imagine a beach in LV! Very relaxing and getting the cushy chairs for a day for $50 bucks is worth it.
4	Beautiful hotel.. and the Toptional pool is a fab getaway from the crowd of the main beach- free for ladies $50 for the fella's. Well worth it.Two notes- The Hotel, building is a long ways from everything.. The suite was beautiful but it took foreverrrrr to get anywhere.  One night we were less than sober and literally got lost  --combination of both factors there...Also- the beach, while it is several steps above the typical vegas pool, do not be seduced by the lovely billboards you see showing a couple looking serene on this beach.  Every inch of it is covered in lounge chairs or children.. Again, the Adults Only pool up top is the only way to go.*Happy Lounging!
3	During the middle of the afternoon during a scorching July weekend, this place was busy with families with their kids.  Even so, the main beach area is large, so we managed to find a couple of open chairs, even though the location didn't put us close to the front and did put us next to some loud kids running back and forth.  The man-made beach was nice, imploring me to take my flip flops off and dig my feet into the sand.  That felt good.  The wave pool was disappointing as the waves never made it very high and were not frequent.  It was a little too tame for me, but the kiddos were having fun.  Tame can also describe the music, mostly 80's and 90's pop kept at a medium volume.  Relaxing.  Boring.Chilling by the pool with some beers here will set you back some moolah.  A bucket of five Bud Lights will cost you $32 without tip.  That seems to be par for the course at the strip resort pools, but I thought I would mention it.  Order from a waitress for friendlier service, as some of the bartenders here are either not too observant or just like making you wait.  If you're looking to rock it at a beach/pool party like you've seen on MTV, this is not the place.  If you're looking to chill by the pool and walk on sand, you will definitely like it here.Lastly, they do scan your room keys here and they must be valid.  If you've gotten in to other pools on the strip by using an old key card from your last vacay here, you better not entertain any ideas of doing that here.
1	I booked a beach cabana over the phone and was given a price in the $500/day range. However, on the day I checked in, I was charged $925. At least 40% more that their quote. I called today and they won't refund the difference or comp me a day. The supervisor, Michelle, said there was nothing she would/could do. Since when does the Mandalay Bay lie to their customers and steal their money? Oh wait. They're a casino, too.
4	1. Really 3 1/2 stars2. Everything looks better in pictures, so the beach and lazy river will probably not sweep you away into the wonderworld you hoped for when you booked the trip (in fairness to this pool, does Vegas ever turn out that way though?)3. There's a lot of people, but you're probably not at this beach because you want a private pool experience, you want to show that you can swim against that big tide the beach pushes in, so....4. I swam out against the tide, and it was kinda fun.  I could've been in better shape, the lifeguard I talked to (who kindly told me how to best ride the wave ashore) could've been in better shape; pretension was out the window, it was win-win.5. Let's be honest, a 3 1/2 star experience is better than the 1 1/2 star experience you get the other 51 weeks a year when you're not on vacation.So just go to the pool already.-RC
3	To the public general pool is nothing to write home about. Private Cabana area pool is amazing , the service was beyond excellent and we had a great time feeling like somebody's when we were nobodies . I don't even bother with that wave pool beach nonsense too many kids , which seems weird that people bring their children to Vegas in the first place right? Tommy Lee showing off showering above us in his suite was worth it's weight in gold to the experience of my weekend...Kickstart My Heart ,Tommy
5	Its top less. Enough said
2	If you are looking for a water park feel, this is it - loud children, people everywhere, no servers to be seen.  If you are looking for a relaxing pool, avoid at all costs
5	I would rate the pools of Mandalay Bay a five stars because it has a little bit for everyone. They have a wave pool, lazy river, kids pool and plenty of other pools to enjoy. Last time we were out there we got cabana close the kids/wave pool and it was awesome. Would highly recommend it if you stayed with friends or another family or two (it is a good size)
4	Some family recently stayed at Mandalay Bay, so we used the opportunity to take full advantage of the pool.  The wave pool and lazy river are awesome!!!  You can buy (or rent?) intertubes, or save money and bring your own.          We went on a Sunday, and even at 1pm, there were still chairs in front of the wave pool.  I didn't think it was too crowded (not compared to Ditch Fridays!).  The drinks are pricey ($14 for a mojito I think), but its the Strip and to be expected.  We ended up striking up a conversation with some Canadians sitting in the chairs next to us, and ended up taking turns buying drinks.  Overall, it was a nice break from the pool parties and we had a great time!
2	They have a great wave pool but unless you get a cabana, you need to be there before 10am. People will go down and put a towel on a chair and leave it there all day and some times never come back. The staff goes through and grabs some towels off chairs occasionally but there doesn't seem to be any method to the madness as they'll grab a handful and never come back to the area. If you're thinking about staying here for the pool, don't bother. The are too many negatives about the hotel to offset a pool that you have to rent a $250-500 cabana to use
4	Excellent pool best known for the manufactured waves and beautiful scenery.  I love this pool, especially when the temperature outside gets to over 100 degrees.  This pool goes deeper than most in Vegas, so I was able to get much needed exercise in the areas too deep for the crowds.  Most people enjoyed body surfing the waves.  The only bad parts are: crowded and sandy.  I get that the sand is a gimmick, but this is the desert so sand is not much of a novelty.
5	The pool was huge and pretty! I loved it! The best of all - the wavefront! You literally feel like you are at the beach. Besides the main pool, there are smaller pools for you to relax with less people. In addition, there is a jacuzzi right next to the smaller pool.
2	We chose this hotel so we could spend our days at the "beach." It was disappointing.  Nearly impossible to find chairs unless you got up at 8 am (and honestly who is doing that in Vegas?), or you could spend a bajillion dollars on a cabana. It was full of screaming kids, and the wave pool was pretty tame.  We didn't make it to the lazy river but it looked like you had to rent inner tubes. Will definitely be checking out other pool scenes next time in Vegas.
4	Hands down, this is one of the best spot for concerts in Vegas (maybe only the Cosmo pool tops)! My husband and I practically live at the Beach during the summer.  They offer a great variety concerts in a completely laid back and fun atmosphere--it really let's you escape the hustle and bustle of the Strip. We've seen everything from Ziggy Marley to One Republic.   My only caution is the drinks are quite expensive and the bar lines are INSANE.  Definitely grab some drinks beforehand!
4	It's lame that it closes at 7:00pm (if there's a concert closes at 6:00 (concert was awesome) The topless optional area is $50 for guys. Ladies are free. Large enough area of pools etc that didn't feel too crowded. Have to purchase tubes $18 for lazy river if you want one. (Can bring outside ones) can't bring in glass or outside alcohol.
4	Wave pool for the kids, bikins and high heels for the adults. There really is something for everyone!  Nice that there was an actual beach, even though it is a bit gimmicky, the sand feels so much nicer than just concrete.  Wave pool makes it fun and adds a little something extra.The only real drawback is that it does get pretty pricey.  Drinks are expensive, but you'll see that at every nice hotel pool in Vegas, so not a real differentiator there, good or bad.  Overall a nice pool at a great place to stay.
4	This was one of the reasons why I wanted to stay at Mandalay Bay and it was for the beach and the lazy river but what bothered me was it closes early at 7pm while the Mirage pool closes at 8pm. I was thinking about getting a cabana with my friend but with the pool closing early it just wasn't worth it. We stayed in THEhotel part of Mandalay Bay so we had a bit of a hike from our room and were greeted with a long line to enter the beach but it went quickly. I was so excited trying out the beach and I remembered when Mandalay Bay opened back in 1999, they said the sand was transported from a real beach and that was pretty cool. The beach area was a crowded just like any other strip hotel during the summer but we eventually found some shaded seats with a umbrellas right by the beach. I've been to the wave pool in Raging Waters in San Dimas, CA and these waves are just shallow waves and nothing exciting, but the sun and soft sand made up for it. Just past the beach is the lazy river and it was much better then MGM's in my opinion and it felt like you were in a jungle withe lots of trees around you and shade from the sun made it relaxing and looking at the tall gold glass tower that is Mandalay Bay while flowing on the river was more relaxing. What bothered me was the tubes used in the river are only for sale not rent and you can bring it back to the beach area. What gives if your only going to use the tube once? I'm just glad to have experienced the Mandalay Beach but I wish they can extend the pool hours.
5	Love the sand! Very much like a real beach, great for the kids.
3	It was not the hotel that I expected.You can hear noise from next door. It was so loud when next door open andclose the door.There is no amenities other than shampoo and conditioner.
4	I thought it was a very nice touch to be able to go downstairs from your hotel since we stayed at the Mandalay Bay and just lounge at a beach when you're a few hundred miles away from the nearest real beach. We went on a St. Patrick's day weekend and so there were plenty to watch and listen to as music was blaring away on the stage. Upon entering, they provide guests with towels at the towel station which I thought was really convenient. Once you're done, you dump it in the dirty towel bin that they also have. There were plenty of chairs to lounge as we got our tan on. Ordered a few drinks (it is Vegas so don't expect it to be cheap), the drink I ordered wasn't that good. The virgin tequila sunrise was too sour from too much cranberry juice that cost me about $8 a small cup. :-/ But whatever, it's Vegas, can't let a drink get me down. Lol. The wave pool seemed really fun, although I didn't go in as I was just there for the jacuzzi. But the only downside to the Mandalay Bay beach is that you can't stick your feet into the water without a lifeguard telling you to either get in or get out. Wth.The jacuzzi is kind of first come, first serve kind of thing, but if you happen to be there waiting and people see you waiting they usually for the most, will wait in line too. We placed out towels near the jacuzzi to let the group already in know that we were next. So whatever suits your need to use as a placeholder, I say go for it.Overall, it's a great place to hang out and relax, as it's Nevada, so it's hot enough to chill by the man-made ocean in the summer and a great spot during spring break to party until, well- they close. ;) Oh, lastly, only guests of the hotel can get in with a key card, but for each key card, two people can enter, one being a guest at Mandalay Bay.
5	We've been coming here since The Bay opened! There is no better pool in any hotelon the strip. The lazy river is just so relaxing that spending all day in it is not unusual, unless there are too many people, then it's good just to cool off.Get the chicken tenders, they give you a mountain of them with french fries to match! They won't allow you to bring in coolers with wheels, but I have brought in soft bag-type coolers with no problem.
5	Awesome Wave pool, spa's and lazy river. Can't go wrong at this beach. It's the best I have seen yet in Vegas!
5	My favorite Vegas pool experience so far. They sell you tubes (you can bring your own).. Get there early so you can get a nice spot.. Several small pools.. But not crowded at all!
5	The Mandalay Bay Beach is amazing!  It has sand, a lazy river pool and a casino!  Drinks are reasonably priced and the views are amazing... if you know what I mean.  Be sure to get here early, if you don't want to shell out extra money for a private cabana...  Definitely the pool to be at in Vegas.  Make sure you've done your P90x or Insanity cause all the beach bods are out at this venue...
5	Keep in mind that each time I went, it was early, before noon. I think this was my favorite part of Mandalay Bay. While everyone was still passed out in the room, I would lounge on the beach by the wave pool.TIPS1) GET THE PINA COLADA SOUVENIR CUP!At least, I think that's what it's called. It's like one of those large souvenir cups you get at an amusement park, except instead of soda it's full of pina colada goodness. Their pina colada is amazing and I don't even like pina coladas like that. Mmm I'm dreaming about it right now...2) Go in the morning. Both times I went I snagged a spot next to the umbrellas by the red VIP section. The place started to fill up around 11 or so. What I loved about coming early and staying through the morning was that the sun was just hot enough to keep you warm, not bake you.3) Don't wear heels and try to look all cute. This pool scene isn't like that. Families and people just trying to relax. Also you're gonna have to walk in sand. 4) Bring headphones. The music they played both times I was here was 80's music, the crappy kind not the good kind.5) Pay attention to the waves in the wave pool. They don't look like they will, but if you are in the wrong spot and aren't prepared they will knock you off balance.6) In the wavepool, the lifeguards make you stay behind a blue line. So if you want to avoid the waves, go towards the side of the wave pool or go to the more private pool.7) There is a private and more adult pool (not Moorea beach club) by the restrooms. Can't tell you about the scene there but if you wanted peace and quiet without children running around, that was a good little hidden spot. I preferred being out on the sand by the wave pool.8)Saw a couple of groups of guys come out and be disappointed by the family atmosphere. Sorry guys you're gonna have to pay for a day club, this place ain't the spot for you.9) If you are a girl by yourself, you won't have a hard time finding a sunbathing buddy. My first time there I ended up having a good time with three other girls. Turns out we were all the only ones in our group still able to function lol. Why I recommend sunbathing buddies? So you have another girl filling in that spot next to you instead of some loud family or a lonely man by himself that is old enough to be your grandfather asking you to put lotion on him :)10) On your checkout day,  your hotel room key still gives you access to the pool until 6pm! woohoo!Didn't get a chance to experience the lazy river but will make a point to next time. I love this pool and it was definitely the best part about being at Mandalay Bay.
5	Sure it's no real beach, but it has all the components: waves, sand, lounge chairs.  There is no doubt that this is the BEST pool in the city hands down.  The whole complex features several small pools, hot tub, wave pool, lazy river and even a Euro style pool.There is sand everywhere (it's very hot in the summer!) but it doesn't make you feel like you are in the desert.  Going to events here are very cool, I saw Weezer last summer (a perfect venue for their style of music) and it was cool because the stage is behind the water so some people roll up their pant legs to get closer, or go all out and bring a tube to sit in!I also attended the Bon Appetite Claim Bake last year which was awesome to enjoy a good seafood meal and hearing the waves crash behind at night.  I'll be very exited to see what the new day-club Daylight brings to the table for the pool area!
1	Horrible cocktail service. Bartenders were extremely slow during the Gary Allan concert. It should never take an hour to get one beer. Fix your system, fire your staff, etc
4	To get in, you need to be staying at Mandalay Bay (i.e., they scan a valid room key), and then you can bring two or three guests with you (I forget exactly how many).The wave pool is big and a great way to cool off.  However, I have to say that the waves are kind of lame.  They are few and far between, so you spend most of your time standing in the pool, chatting with friends, and then you get an occasional wave.  Other wave pools will have more waves per minute.The lazy river was pretty nice but smaller and therefore more crowded.  Lots of kiddos here.  You can buy an inner tube on site for $20 or something ridiculous like that, or you can buy an inner tube on Amazon beforehand and pack it in your luggage.  Obviously I went for the latter.Sunbathing was pretty nice.  I really liked the sand everywhere.  Sometimes we would end up near a pack of bros, though, which was annoying.  But we just found a new, quieter spot, and all was well again.There are two bars - one by the restaurant and another standalone bar.  You can buy a souvenir cup (clear double-walled plastic, with a straw) and get refills on drinks for a cheaper price.  They were extremely busy at the standalone bar.  One of the bartenders was really rude to us and barked at us when we asked for a menu.  Fortunately, the other bartender, who was much nicer, took care of us.The restaurant has limited choices but is convenient and pretty tasty.  For breakfast, I got a sausage, egg, and cheese biscuit and a fruit cup, and for lunch, I had chicken tenders and fries (which always appeal to my inner child).
4	Hotel Key - checkBooze - checkSun screen - checkSnacks-CheckWater bottles (no glass) - CheckSkimpiest bikini you can get into - CheckYou are now ready for the beach!  You can buy all these things at the beach, but why not save a few bucks for you next trip!A beach in the middle of the dessert.  Keep in mind that this was MDW and the place was live!Get there early before 11AM or after 4PM.  We slept in all four days  so by the time we got to the beach it was busy.  The scent of Suntan lotion and desert filled the air.   We lucked out and found seats next to each other all 4 days.  We spent more time at the Beach then anywhere else!Wednesday, Thursday and Friday the Wave and the Lazy River was moderately busy, but by Saturday there was  more younger people (kids) then adults in the wave pool and lazy river.  I recommend the Lagoon or Daylight Beach Club for the weekends.  However slim pickings at the Lagoon for lounge chairs there too.  Never made it to Moorea or Daylight Club.For the lazy river, bring your own tube.  They do not rent tubes, you will need to purchase one.  $20 for kids and $25 for adults.  I did however see adults going down the river in the smaller tubes and just walking through the river, but watch out for crazy kids having fun ( you might just get kicked in the head)  Try to buy a tube from someone who is leaving the resort.  Some guy bought 4 for $40.  (down with the system!) When you get to the water falls, just stand there for about 10 seconds.  The pressure from the falls feels like a massage. The teen-age life guards didn't seem to care much.My first time in a wave pool.  But have seen plenty of real waves in Hawaii and Cali.   This wave pool was amazing.   You couldn't actually surf the waves, but  people were body boarding.  It was great way to cool down and enjoy the ride.I loved everything about The Beach, in The Hotel Mandalay Bay in the middle of the desert!  It was totally boss!The only thing I didn't like was the smokers.Keep alert for Stars walking around disguised as normal people!  Ran into Kevin Hart and Bell (not Biv) and Devoe.  Last tip I promise: Check the Beach Venue before you book your vacation, you just never know who might be playing during you stay.  Snoop Dogg, Skrillex, Bauuer, Alvin Risk and J Cole played MDW.
1	Need to hire experienced lifeguards! My son was caught under a tube for a few seconds. He swam out but was quite scared and out of breath. The lifeguard kept on sunbathing in the chair. He was not paying any attention!! Also noticed that if  you show up before 8:30am, there are a few empty lifeguard chairs.
3	I'd give it 5 stars if there weren't that many adults at the kiddie pool. Lots of Kardashian wannabes standing around while the kids have a hard time navigating around.  There are 3 other pools + wave pool + lazy river for adults to go.  No need to crash the kiddie pool and try to look cool. Just saying.
3	This is a pretty cool place, with sand...and water... and, well that's it really. The pool is tiny, and the state of the sand makes me wonder how clean it is. I mean, do they change sand every now and then to make sure there isn't any disease festering in it? Not only that, but when you walk down any of the walkways it is always covered in sand- which makes for less than ideal footing. I slipped a few times and my mom almost fell over at one point. And the lazy river is tiiiinnnyyyyyy, so very very small, more like a creek. Like, a dozen people can fit in it. Kinda.
5	This is THE best casino/hotel pool in Vegas I've been to so far...and it is the reason why I get rooms at Mandalay Bay...just to come to the beach!Lazy river, wave pool, plenty of other pools to soak, and beach sand!  Doesn't get much better than this.Pool bar food is good, not great, but good.  Much better than most other pools I've been to...I've come during the weekends when it's packed, and on weekdays when it feels quiet.  It's pretty hit and miss, and will impact your experience...just hope for the latter!Will probably be one of the highlights to your Vegas vacation!  Just do it :)
4	Awesome pool but expensive drinks!
4	Bring your own inner tube for the lazy river. They'll inflate it for you, and you'll save $20-24! Go to the pool super early - it fills up fast, both the chairs and the water areas themselves.
4	This is a great pool/beach. Many other pools in Vegas look very alike and some are just boring. This one isn't. The sand and the wave pool almost make it feel like a real beach. The lazy river is nice and relaxing. The downside to it is that there are too many kids in it and they kept hitting me with the tubes they had around them. I like the fact that they have lockers you can rent. Although I was staying at the hotel, I'd rather not leave my phone and wallet in the room. I didn't rent the locker but I think I will next time.
5	One of the best pools in the world. Better than the real beach in my opinion. Just get there early to get chairs.
4	We enjoy coming to this pool. Our daughter loves the lazy river but at times it is beyond over crowed that unless you are in a tube small children can get crushed between everyones tubes.  We have usually arrived around 1 and have not had a problem in finding a chair but we also have never been here on the weekends just weekdays which could be why we have had such luck. Overall we will return.Oh and you can bring in your own tube and they will pump it up for you and as long as you don't have glass containers they have let us bring in drinks.
5	Enjoyed the beach and lazy pool!
1	Where do I begin... well, let me start by saying you don't matter to Mandalay Bay unless you're a 'whale' (their term for big time gamblers).  If you're here with your family for a vacation and just looking to have fun -- sorry, even if you can afford it, you're not getting a cabana.  You're lucky to even get a chair.  They will -- as they've personally told me -- physically remove you from a cabana if one of their 'whales' so happens to desire the cabana you're in.  It's their policy.  They might make up for it by giving you a lawn chair out in the 110 degree heat with no sun protection... you know, where you belong!  Equivalent to 'let them eat cake' in my opinion. Furthermore, let's say you're like me and you do happen to gamble a lot.  Maybe you've even made their second highest status (Platinum) like me... yeah, that doesn't matter either.   In fact, on two separate occasions now it has yet to matter.  They say Platinum members are given "priority cabana reservations" ...  What they mean to say is, "you can call us at a special VIP number only to have someone say 'sorry, get lost' in a little nicer tone".  It's a complete joke.  They only care about you if you are losing the kind of money that could run most cities for weeks.  If you are spending money on dinners and shows and suites and whatnot... get lost, they don't want your business.  If you have a chronic gambling problem and don't mind paying the electric bill for Vegas while you're there... Welcome to Mandalay Bay -- let me kick this family out of a cabana that they should never have been allowed in in the first place!Just as an aside -- I've only had this experience at MGM properties.  The Wynn, The Cosmopolitan & The Palms actually apologized to me for the treatment I received from MGM properties.  I can tell you honestly they don't treat their guests this way.  Nobody should!
4	If you're looking for a crazy Vegas pool party, the wave pool and lazy river pools are not for you.  You gotta go to the day club/casino area where there are no kids.  We got to the pool at 9:30am and there was absolutely no shade left so we ended up paying $300 for two lounge chairs and an umbrella.  It would have been a better deal to get a cabana but they were all sold out.  Expensive... I know :( but worth it when it's 100+ degrees outside.
5	Best pool in Vegas...Or should I say, best beach in Vegas?  I love the sand and every few minutes or so you'll get a nice wave mimicking the ocean.  The pool is huge and you don't feel like you're invading other people's space.  There are a lot of lifeguards making sure everyone is safe.After hanging at the wave pool, you can take a relaxing float down the lazy river.  The pool area is huge and there are a lot of concession stands to refresh yourself.  Or even have a drink delivered to you by a server.Admission is free for hotel guests, just make sure you have your room key.  Towels are also provided.  Beach chairs are provided, but be careful, some roped off areas are for rent only.
5	Best best best pool area in Vegas! But of course, you might disagree if you are a 20-something who would probably prefer a small crowded pool party; but for this 30+ guy, the wave pool (and all the little pools nearby) are a great place to hang out if you are visiting Vegas in the summer.And don't forget to walk along the lazy river when you are there!
5	place is great, and I love the waves,lazy river, don't have to party.  I just hang and people watch
3	Love the Mandalay Bay Beach, I think they have too many lounge chairs on the sand, and it's hard to get around them to reach the pool.  Other than that, it's cool.
5	Yes, there's the small pools, the Lazy River, AND there's the Wave pool.Just standing in front of it is beautiful and looks like the Mediterranean ocean, as far as I know. First, the water is warm. Second, it goes from shallow to deep. Third, the pool is huge! Forth, and this is the best part, the is a wave generated every 5 minutes, and a big one!! And Fifth, there are at least 8 lifeguards around and in the pool the whole time, in case you run in trouble....AND, this its the most important part, if you come before 11am, you have pretty much the whole place for yourself (and the Las Vegas sun isn't hitting too hard yet). Some get there early!!
5	This is based off of the concerts series here. I recently saw Ziggy Marley at the beach and it was great. Nice warm night in the water with some reggae with the waves crashing against your legs, what a natural rush this brings for any concert here. The only downside is paying the hotel alcohol prices so it is common for me to catch a buzz before going to a show.
3	This is a very cool pool, but i certainly wouldn't call it the best in Vegas. I guess everyone looks for something different in a poolside experience. Admittedly, I'm a pool snob. The chairs here were super uncomfortable. You know, those type that leaves welts on you if your towel slides down... The personal space, like most Vegas pools - even at the most expensive hotels - is limited. Seriously, there's no room to walk. Everyone  is just too close for comfort. There were no tables or umbrellas to be found anywhere (besides at their unimpressive cabanas) on the day I went. It was just a tight, uncomfortable situation.I liked the two pools set off from the beach, but even on an overly windy weekday in April I had trouble finding a spot. The lazy river is a big plus - very cool! Drink service was good and there was always a waitress coming by. As far as music, I think it was like most of the pools on the strip. They don't mix up the genres very well so if they're on one genre you don't like, wait a few minutes and it'll change. It was really loud where I was sitting and some people might have appreciated that but it wasn't conducive to a fall-asleep-while-tanning type of pool day. I like some background music but it seemed no matter where I was at the beach I was sitting under speakers. I guess it's a bit more of a family-friendly pool than some. And there are lots of different areas for a change of scenery. But I wasn't too impressed and I wouldn't staycation here just for the pool.
4	This review is for when they have concerts here. So far I have had the privilege of attending two. One was a medley of 80's music artists and just recently Philip Philips of American Idol fame.I love the fact that you can swim in the wave pool for the whole duration of the concert while plenty of lifeguards watch over you. For the Philips concert I brought my kids and yes, they swam the whole concert! Too bad the lazy river is not available or I would of joined them!As for the stage it is situated just right above the pool sticking out a bit on an elevated platform. For those that want to be as close as you can to the stage, you will definitely will be standing in water up to about your knees and a bit higher when the waves come at you from the main pool area. I think its hilarious when people dont come prepared and show up in pants or worse yet, clothes meant for the club scene.If you get hungry and/or thirsty, there is a full bar and food stand in the back. Just remember that it is a bit overpriced for you are still in a hotel/casino/resort setting so you shouldnt be shocked when you find out how much you have to pay.The only negative things that kind of bothered me was that I noticed people smoking in one hand while having a drink in the other. How does this bother me you may ask? Well these fools were standing in the water basically right in front of the stage. What bothered me were the ashes that came from their cigarettes are going straight into the water not to mention the second hand smoke that everybody is breathing in. I also saw them spill some of their beer and alcoholic beverages in the water. Eww. Arent people swimming in that very same water? SMH.So yeah, I had fun for the most part. I just dont think you should be allowed to smoke and drink while standing in the water. That's just gross.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #133
5	I've been to Manadalay Bay Beach once upon a time to see a movie at the beach. It's a pretty cool venue! But this time I was here to watch my handsome boyfriend Phillip Phillips. Ok you caught me, he's not my real boyfriend but he was close enough for me to feel like he was for the night! We brought a blanket, found a spot and when it came down we were front in center with our feet in the water rocking out! The Beach is an great venue that is not a typical box that you are squeezed into like sweaty sardines to watch a concert. I'd definitely come back to watch a concert here!
4	I have attended few concerts over the years on this beach and its always the most awaited part of the trip.Last year we attended Maroon 5 and it was one swell concert..This year was Rob Thomas and the whole set up, etc was amazing.Concerts or any events on this beach is a huge hit
5	my favvoire venue to see a concert at. good. just wow!!!!!!
5	Why can't all  summer evening concert venues be like this? I came here for the 8:30 pm Matt Nathanson & Gavin DeGraw concert on a Saturday night, and I'm glad I remembered to bring a beach blanket. The weather was perfect, and it felt great to feel the sand on my toes as I walked through the beach to find a comfy place to watch the concert that was happening on the stage just above the pool. The sound was impressive considering this was a big, open, outdoor space.After watching from the beach I decided to wade into the warm water to get even closer. People were dancing and singing along to Gavin's "Run every time," while a few abandoned beer cans floated by in the water. No worries though, it was still an amazing time! The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant, and very laid back..I also like that you can watch the concerts going on up high  from the casino level.Yeah, I definitely want to spend my summer nights here on the best "beach"in Vegas.
4	Coolest concert venue I've been to so far! However the food was ridiculously expensive... go figure.
4	Summer concerts at night here are very nice. You can get in the water and cool off a bit. Everything is general admission, but there seems to be a VIP area that I have yet to figure out how to get into (if anyone knows message me :-))The bands are a bit farther away and way above so you get a bit of a neck pain looking up when you get close. Plenty of places to sit and you can move around freely.Drink charges are outrageous so that is why this place does not get a 5 star :-)
1	Unfortunately I am currently 3 days into my 7 day stay here and I wish I had the funds to either go to Encore or Hard Rock cause this hotel is beyond ridiculous. I have never been so dissatisfied especially after spending thousands of $$$. First off, I booked around Oct or Nov. Not once did they attempt to contact me since they changed the room I bought. I expected a jacuzzi tub and guess what? They changed it with no notification; completely misleading. Check in was hell. Soooo long to check in, why don't they open up more desks?After complaining they gave me $100 room credit but I'm here for a week! That's like $15 a day and does not make up for no jacuzzi tub. Second we find a lube packet in our bedroom. EW! We call house keeping and were put on hold for over 20 mins. Wow made us late for EDC, thanks. Couldn't even get a hold of anyone until the next day.Not once have I been able to valet my car. If you are so packed, why do you valet non-hotel guests over guests? Ridiculous!!The food here is not good. I expected so much and nothing like what I'm dealing with. I've thrown two meals away already because they were not good. I know it wasn't the Citizens Cafe but another cafe this morning almost made me puke. I ordered a roast beef sandwich on a soft bun and it was hard as hell FULL of onions. I ordered a roast beef sandwich not a rock hard bun full of onions.If it wasn't for EDC and the pools as well as a few staff members, I would be going home. I can't wait for what else is in store for the rest of my stay. So far not happy whatsoever. Take your business elsewhere.
5	Love coming here. The wave is pretty cool and very relaxing.  Toilets are close by if you need it too.
1	Used to be a pretty cool venue for summer concerts..up until the 311 concert this past Saturday. I literally waited in line for a beer for 36 minutes. Worlds slowest bartenders & to top it off; the management staffed the bars with (1) bartender. Smart move..won't be coming back.?
5	They allow you to bring any tube for the lazy river as long as it is a tube and not a big lounge floaty. My kids love going here because they can play all day and they have the bar and grill with kid friendly food. If you don't want to be around kids they also have an adult pool.
1	U B E L I E V A B L E!!!!  We check with cabana rentals Saturday morning.  $425 for the day - includes free water and Pepsi products.  Charged not only sodas for kids but also food we never received!  Never again Mandalay Bay!
4	So, this isn't your average breach...in fact, it's a "Beach".  That being said, Mandalay Bay truly has brought the breach to the strip.  This complex is huge, don't let the pictures fool you.  There had to be about 400 chairs in this complex, plus the 30+ cabanas/Gazebos etc that you can rent.  We spent our first day in Vegas here - all day - at the pool.  I'm sure this goes without saying - but this ginger was burnt to a crisp.  We rented a gazebo, and it was well worth the money.  We had our own "Pool Boy" Kyle - who knows how to flirt and make you feel special.  Don't get me wrong - he was jail bait, but it's cute.Our gazebo came with an endless supply of bottled water, a TV, in gazebo safe, fan and table to eat at.  There is a dedicated food and beverage staff team that brings you anything you would want.  That being said - you're gonna pay for that service - but it's well with it if you're there to relax.  I'd rather spend it here then in the slots.The beach sand is white, and it's HOT, so I suggest sandals, even if you'er just going for a quick dip.  Also, the place fills up fast, so if you're looking for a prime spot, be there early.  You can rent chairs for something like $100 though.  On to the pools and water attractions.  Of the 3 pools I saw, plus the wave pool there had to be about 30 lifeguards on duty...so I felt very safe.  The one thing I didn't like....the amount of KIDS.  I get that pools generally attract kids - I get it - but this is Vegas....I don't want to be at a casino pool with your little snorts running around, pushing me in the lazy river (IT'S CALLED THE LAZY RIVER FOR A REASON), or splashing in the pools.  Yes, there is an adults only area of the pool - but it's also Topsional - I have no desire to see other chicks boobs :PIt's the only place in Vegas like it - super great and worth the stay Mandalay Bay just for this.
4	First Impressions are Everything:     Let me start by stating, I am born and raised on the beaches of San Diego, CA and was feeling rather home sick, just having moved out here to Las Vegas.  My fiance decided to buy tickets to the Dirty Heads & Pepper Show at Mandalay Bay Beach. This little fish outta water felt right at HOME!!! Walking up to the event area, both our jaws just dropped, in the glow of the moon light this fo-beach is BEAUTIFUL! The front row of the show was actually in the water! Nice way to cool off and enjoy some great music.  Getting Drinks:     So keep in mind everyone, IT'S VEGAS! You are gonna have to wait, but the cool thing that the back bar area was offering helped out a lot... Bucks of Beers.  Prices were not to terrible, around $48 for a bucket of 5 domestic beers. But the reason why you shouldn't care how much they are is the length of time you are going to have to stand in line.  WORD TO THE WISE: ALWAYS BUY ONE MORE BUCKET THAN YOU THINK YOU NEED! They come with ice, and if it melts you can cut the line and just get a refill to keep your brew-skis nice and cold. ** We loved this show experience so much, we booked tickets to see another show there for next month!
5	Loved the wave pool. Didn't think I'd like it but it was a lot of fun! Make sure to bring your sandals. The sand was scorching hot. It will literally burn you and you will be in pain for a while.Good for families.Sad I didn't do the lazy river. Next time!
1	This pool is terrible! They have 2 different music playing at the same time. One from speakers and you can hear base from the topless club above. Really terrible. You can't bring drinks into the main pool. Very disappointing
4	If you can't rate this place at least 4-stars you probably picked the wrong vacation destination or hotel.   It's a ton of fun here on a hot summer day, although I personally prefer the Monte Carlo pool/river/wave scene a little more.They have here a beach, wave pool, lazy river, and many pools.  Drink and eat till you plop.  Now the wave pool is questionable--it sends a wave so infrequently that you can go to the restroom, come back, and not miss a wave.  I asked the lifeguard if there is a session where the waves are stronger and more frequent and he said no.  It was really boring standing in the pool waiting for a wave that had the power similar to if I swished my hand.  The Monte Carlo takes no prisoners once they get their wave pool going.  Now just like the Monte Carlo beach/pool scene--we were one of the few peeps here without a tattoo.  And that is okay--I kind of like the trashy tattoo scene.  But the smoking that goes along with it at the pool is not cool.The lazy river has a bridge that you float under that delivers a strong waterfall that can rip your bathing suit off on direct impact.  You can float around it, but I loved getting pounded and caught up in the swirl.
4	Mandalay Bay Beach is without a doubt my favorite pool area on the strip. Two words: wave pool.The wave pool is my favorite feature. The waves are pretty mellow (they probably don't want all the drunk people to drown) but it totally brings me back to the days of going to wave pools when I was a kid. The group I was with spent hours in the wave pool. It really is that fun.Beyond the wave pool, they have a lazy river which is pretty awesome. Buying an inner tube at Mandalay is pricey (I think they're $25 or $30) but more often than not you can easily ask complete strangers to borrow there's and they'll usually say yes. You can also plan ahead and buy one at a store for dirt cheap and they'll have no problem letting you bring one in. I do think the lazy river is a smidgen small. Wouldn't mind if it was a bit bigger.Beyond their wave pool and lazy river they have standard pools and a toptional club. Their standard pools are, well, standard. Mostly overrun with kids so I avoided them. Didn't go to the toptional portion.As far as seating, the place can get crowded so I recommend getting there early-ish, but even as late as 1 we were able to find 6 seats in a row.The bars are plentiful and the wait times usually aren't that long. If you're going the cocktail route, I highly recommend buying a reusable cup. I think they only charge $18 for their doubles, which are made surprisingly well and are a good value.This is close to 5 stars, but I had a few critiques. The sand, which is a cool touch, gets beyond hot. Yeah, I get it, Vegas is a desert, and I should expect it, but my feet were actually in pain when walking on it. Also, what's up with the music? The majority of the time you could hear two separate DJs playing simultaneously. It was frustrating.
3	I went here 2 different times recently and both times were just "eh-ok, what's next?"  Once was just to enjoy a day at the pool.  The lazy river is nice and not too packed with kids, as you might expect.  The wave pool is okay too, but seems a little strange that you're only allowed to go out less than half way.  What turned me off was that when the cocktail server brought me back a glass of chardonnay, as I had requested, she said, "that'll be $22.37."  WHAT? FOR ONE GLASS OF WINE AT THE POOL? You've got to be kidding me.  The second time I went, it was for a concert, which was ok as well.  There were tables set up on the sand and you could kick of your shoes and enjoy the "beach", splashing your feet in the sand and waves.  All in, it's really a 3.5 stars in my book.
