4	Homemade ice cream? Yessirree, count me in! I sampled their pumpkin ice cream and it was quite rich, creamy, and overall scrumptious. Their green tea ice cream is to die for because it is sweet just enough and doesn't have bitterness that you'll find sometimes at Japanese restaurants. I was able to find myself a nice cushiony bench to sit on, enjoy my scoops, and read their extensive selection of local publications. Even though the guy behind the counter had looked like he had been on his feet for several hours, the service with a genuine smile was a definite bonus too.
5	The Chocolate Shoppe provides quintessential Wisconsin ice cream. As they fully claim, it's not health food and not meant to be taken as such. It's simply good ice cream of a wide variety of flavors. They also have malts and ice cream sodas, as well as coffee. Basically, a great place, and an absolutely necessary place during the hot summer months.
5	I think that Wisconsinites take good ice cream for granted. We just figure that no matter where you go in the country there are going to be ice cream parlors just like this one serving more or less the same product. Sadly, though that would make the world a better place, this just simply is not the case.  Chocolate Shoppe is woven into the fabric of the state.  Head up north and stop off in any small town and this is likely the ice cream you are going to find at the local ice cream shop.  Go anywhere else in the upper Midwest even, and you'll likely just find soft serve and maybe a few flavors of the same Blue Bunny stuff you can buy at the grocery store.  The variety of flavors is always amazing and it is damn near impossible to not find something you'll enjoy.  The line can be long on weekends and hot days, but it is well worth it.  And I love seeing the line here longer than Cold Stone across the street! And to think there was some concern that gimmicky excuse of a national chain would even dent the mighty mighty Chocolate Shoppe! PSHAW!
5	Best. Ice Cream. Ever.I can't believe, given the option between going here and going across the street to the Evil Ice Cream Parlor Which Must Not Be Named, people actually choose the latter.The Chocolate Shoppe has some of the most  delectable ice cream flavors known to man.  They have many different flavors each day that rotate out, so you're not always seeing the same stuff each time you go in.  If you're able to, try Fat Elvis (my favorite: Banana ice cream with chocolate and peanut butter) or Zanzibar Chocolate (it's hot & sexy chocolate-on-dark-chocolate action).  They'll sometimes have soy ice cream, too, which I think is great.One of the reasons I like them above all other ice creameries, though, is their disclaimer on the wall.  It reads: "Nutrition: Don't even ask.  This is the best ice cream made in Wisconsin and it tastes so good because it has gobs of rich Wisconsin cream, and tons of real ingredients, for boat-loads of delicious flavors.  That means it's not low-fat, low-calorie, or low-anything, and that's why everyone loves it.  You want nutrition, eat carrots."  Hee hee!
5	Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream is so worth it, I once spent $40 to ship two pints to my sister in Michigan!Every flavor is fantastic, but some of my recommendations are: Fat Elvis (banana ice cream with peanut butter and chocolate), Coconut Almond Bliss (the ice cream version of an Almond Joy bar...it tastes JUST like it!), and my most recent favorite, Triple Zen (green tea ice cream with lemon and raspberry ribbon).  And while they no longer make it, I LOVED Oatmeal Cookie!  It had huge chunks of oatmeal cookies in it.A single scoop in a waffle cone is a few bucks, so Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream falls into the "more expensive" category.  But if you're going to indulge, I say go for it!
5	Beats Coldstone any day.  A good variety of flavors, and they're always adding new ones to the mix.
4	They could use a line system. The ice cream was delicious! I had the mint avalanche or something like that ice cream. Not mint chip, the other mint ice cream. It had andes, thin mints and chocolate crushed into it, and it was very delicious! Perfect for a hot summer night.
4	I love any ice cream shop that has soy ice cream and other vegan options available. This place has hip furniture, friendly service and really low prices ($3 for a LARGE scoop).When I went, they had two soy flavors (mint chocolate and "blue something" which has the taste of fruit loops) and four or five sorbet/Italian ice options.They have two vegan ice cream cones and also a vegan waffle cone, which was a great and pleasant surprise.This place is highly recommend for its variety of vegan options, dirt cheap prices, and great central location on State Street.
5	I am at the point in my life where I can confirm I have a favorite creamery - and this is it.  "Blue something" - ha!
5	I am learning to eat as the Wisconsinites do.  Ice cream is definitely a thing they eat and I am not complaining. This shop has some amazing flavors and even some delicious soy options (I got the soy coffee oreo, yum!). Blue Moon is a Wisconsin staple, and yes, it does taste like Fruit Loops, and no I did not need to eat more than a taste. While I am visiting the Midwest, I will have had my share of ice creams and frozen custards - hey, remember, this is America's Dairyland! - and by the end of my trip, I will announce my winner!
3	I saw this ice cream shop as no-frills with some interesting flavors, but as soon as I was introduced to Paciugo I don't think I went back at all.
4	MMMM chocolate zanzibar! I also tried the cookie dough and pbutter which were great. I think this was really solid ice cream. Super rich and creamy and all around delicious. YaY for Wisconsin dairy!
5	Seriously fantastic.  A great selection of flavors with reasonable prices.  Avoid the mall one.
5	Its not health food, its super creamy delicious ice cream!! The door county cherry is my favorite, cherry ice cream with real halves of cherries and chocolate chunks!! Fat Elvis, when available, is so creamy and delicious, you'll want to eat a whole pint. (Don't do it, but you'll seriously be tempted to)
5	The zanzamint is probably the best mint-chocolate I have ever had...
4	I am an ice cream snob. I eat ice cream practically every day. A session of ice cream consumption is considered its own mean, and certainly doesn't override breakfast lunch or dinner. It's at the top of my list, a staple food.And with that, let me tell you that chocolate shoppe is the best ice cream Madison has to offer. It's locally-made, a definite plus. Its flavors are creative but not overwhelming like, ahem, ben and jerry's. It's texture is ideal--much creamier than the Babcock ice cream that many prize but never realize its lack of creaminess. Also great for those looking for soy ice cream, frozen yogurt or sherbet--a wide selection of all three. Man, where's my chocolate shoppe ice cream right now?
4	Nutrition Information:"Don't even ask. This is the best ice cream made in Wisconsin, and it tastes so good because it has gobs of rich Wisconsin cream, tons of real ingredients for boat-loads of luscious flavors. That means it's not low-fat, low-calorie, or low-anything, and that's why everyone loves it. You want nutrition, eat carrots."Um, yes. Bring it on, and go big or go home! They've got good portions (good meaning enough to sate that crazed ice cream craving), friendly staff, and decent prices. The flavors are pretty original, too, with my particular favorites:-Dark Side of the Moon (Blue Moon mixed with Zanzibar [dark chocolate])-Fat Elvis (banana ice cream, pb ripple, fudge)-Yippie Skippie (pb ice cream, salted carmel ripple, chunks of brownies, choc covered pretzels)Rec: Split a banana split with a friend, hold the bananas. :)
4	You don't go to an ice cream place to lose weight or get a filling meal--but you do go here when you want to be satisfied, cooled down, and satisfy any chocolate cravings.I've been here a lot of times before and my number one favorite is the "Malt Amore" flavor which has malted milkballs in chocolate ice cream. Delicious!But today, I got the "Kitty Kitty Bang Bang," which is a cheesecake-flavored ice cream with some cookie pieces and raspberry flavoring in it. It was so creamy and soft that it really puts a lot of other ice cream places to shame.The service is a little lackluster: it's mostly run by students who don't really give a shit to be there on a Sunday afternoon. The guy I got today was kind of rushing despite the fact no one else was in line to get any ice cream, and as a result, I'm putting the rating at 4 as opposed to 5 stars. Despite this, the place really is solid and I do enjoy it a lot.Since this place is literally right around the corner from my apartment, I'm in trouble. But oh, will it be a delicious, wonderful trouble.
5	Ice cream heaven! It doesn't get any better than this.  It's so rich it could almost pass for frozen custard- and is much better than most frozen custard and any other ice cream I've ever had.  I've never detected the slightest hint of ice crystallization either.my favorites in order of to-die-for ness: Yippee Skippee (peanut butter ice cream, salted caramel ripple with chunks of brownies and chocolate covered pretzel)Coconut Almond Bliss (coconut ice cream, liquid chocolate chips and crispy almonds.)Chocolate Marshmallow (cocoa butter chocolate ice cream swirled with creamy marshmallow ice cream.)Cake Batter Fudge (cake batter flavored ice cream with thick chocolate frosting and pieces of cake.)Fat Elvis (banana ice cream, peanut butter ripple and liquid chocolate chips.)You really can't go wrong with any of the options, so ask for a couple of samples and follow your tate buds.  Then grab a double and sink into ice cream bliss!
2	Went there on a saturday night.  Super loud, crazy music, and people all hovering in front of the flavors.  Too chaotic.  Yogurt not particularly good (and it does NOT take a particularly good version to please me.  Dissapointing - just ok.
5	Very good! I liked the coffee a lot and the ice cream was, of course, amazing.  I also thought the employees were very friendly and welcoming. I'll definitely be back.
5	Literally the best ice cream I have ever had!!
5	YUM ALERT YUM ALERT!!!!!I. Love. The Chocolate Shoppe. All the flavors are delicious, but I especially recommend the Coconut Almond Bliss and the Cake Batter Fudge. Sometimes the employees aren't that friendly, but hey, everyone has their bad days!
5	This place is five stars dominant all the way.  Fresh delicious ice cream the way it's meant to be.  Just don't kid yourself when going here.  It's not for anyone watching their caloric intake.  That being said, it's awesome.  My favorite is the chocolate raspberry truffle.  I highly recommend it and every other flavor in the place!
5	By far, the best ice cream in town IMO. Zanzibar chocolate! So good! Tons of other crazy flavors, from German Chocolate to Horchata. You can't go wrong at this place.
5	Idiotically went to the Daniels Street location, thinking that it would be nice to fill up before we volunteered at Second Harvest. Turns out... it's the production plant and so they only sell 8 pints or 3 gallons at a time. We walked away with 3 gallons of Oreo mint. Totally worth my significantly lighter wallet. I love the State Street location, and they were just as helpful and patient at the production plant. Oops.
5	This ice-cream is AMAZING!!!  I make my own home made ice-cream and my husband and I travel a lot, so we get to taste lots of store-made and other kinds of ice-cream.  This is one of the BEST.  The campus ice-cream is good, but this is REALLY phenomenal.  We sampled four flavors before choosing two and they were all delicious.  They make it with cream and all the things that ice-cream is supposed to be made from, not from a mix.  I highly recommend this ice-cream and I think you'd be hard pressed to find anyone who would not fall in love with it at first bite.  Delicious rich creamy flavor, friendly staff, really nice selection of flavors, mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!
5	One of the best ice-creams Ive ever had. They have great-tasting ice-cream with amazing quality. This location is also great. I used to go here almost every other weekend on the way to Farmer's Market during summer. It's also a great spot to bring out of towners because they also have some gifts and souvenirs as well.
5	The workers at this Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream on State St are amazing. They are always willing to give out samples of their many flavors and they're often generous in the portion sizes they dish out.Now Chocolate Shoppe ice cream itself is fantastic. Every ice cream variety of theirs is so rich and so flavorful that even if I venture out and try something new here, I'm never left disappointed.My favorite flavor of all time is their Zanzibar Chocolate. It is so incredibly dark and chocolaty and perfect.Flavors I also LOVE:Caramel Apple PieThis $&@! Just Got SeriousZoreoCaramel ChocoLatteZanzimintEspresso OreoMint Avalanche Though honestly you can't go wrong with any flavor, all of them are equally delicious.
4	I love love love the ice cream here!  I am in town visiting, found out the snap-o-lantern(pumpkin ice cream with ginger snaps) was available and made a trip over.  I also love the green tea, blue moon, zoreo and horchata.  It is always difficult to make a decision, but it always has to be in a waffle cone.My one complaint about the place is the service tends to range from aloof to snotty.
4	PROS: good ice cream and decent pricesCONS: very busy on Saturday (had to wait almost 10mins) and one of the staff was standing right in front of me texting... that's rude and unacceptable for any business
5	Yum! Rich, delicious ice cream.
4	super rich, super creamy, super delicious.  they let you sample and there are quite a variety of flavors.   there has to be something for everyone here!  they even have soy icecream!  and cookie bowls.  i didn't know that was a thing, but it is.
4	Got here about ten minutes before they closed on a Sunday night. Still serving - whew!WOW flavors everywhere! So many choices, it's probably impossible not to find something you like. And then you have to figure out if you want a cookie bowl, pretzel cone, dipped waffle cone, or plain sugar/wafer cone - overwhelming to say the least. Once I finally decided, I got the Z'Oreo ice cream in a pretzel cone, which was very good for me since I don't have a huge sweet tooth. Ice cream was fresh, tasty, and creative - there were bits of Rice Krispie in mine along with Oreos and something else I can't remember. Very good!Minus one star for rude staff. My friend asked if she could do four small scoops instead of two large in order to try more flavors, and the kid behind the counter said he could lose his job for doing that. No need to be overdramatic, bud.
4	Lots of options. Somewhat friendly staff. Plus they have pretzel cones. Has fun flavors (Honey ginger, Horchata, Scotch Ale Caramel Crunch....)
5	I stopped by on a Sunday afternoon and got two scoops.  Oatmeal cookie and heaps of love.  The ice cream was rich and super buttery.  There was actually a sign on the wall advising those seeking health food to eat carrots.  I found the attitude refreshing. I found the ice cream super buttery.  i found the chunks of oatmeal cookie and heaps of love to be treats.
5	best ice cream ever! Get the chocolate peanut butter!
3	Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream is a must visit if you are a 5-year old and want to try every ice cream store in Madison. If you are an adult and you have a 5-year old, you probably shouldn't be letting your 5-year old eat too much ice cream. I have always enjoyed coldstone creamery more.
5	Freshly made ice cream from fresh Wisconsin ice cream, I screamed for this frozen treat! The prices are a bit high, but so will you be after trying this frozen crack. They have a bunch I options and mixed in flavors. I love the everything. Just like my bagels, I got a little flavor of it all. Fortunately tey don't over do it and force 100 toppings in one bite. It's fairly consistently one piece per spoon.
4	It's not healthy, and they aren't trying to hide it. The ice cream is actually quite superb. Loses 1 star for the usually dismal service, amount of eye rolling and just general lack of caring by staff. I'm not sure if this a managerial problem, but many times the place will be PACKED and you will have one person tending to customers, and the other one will be making ice cream sandwiches or something equivalently unnecessary (when you can see a refrigerator full of sandwiches that are not being eaten). You can ask to try the ice creams, but don't expect them to be happy about it. I've taken to not getting ice cream anymore and ordering the chocolate covered frozen banana. It's still really tasty and I assume a little bit healthier?
4	We came here around 8pm on a cold Saturday evening and there were a surprising number of people here despite it being about 10 degrees outside! I was impressed with the interesting variety of flavors, but after a few minutes looking everything over we got the heaps of love and the honey ginger. The heaps of love was very satisfying and rich, with some nice chunks of cookie dough and swirls of fudge in each bite. The honey ginger was good, too, though a bit meltier in consistency. You could definitely taste the ginger in it. I think it would have been great with the green tea flavor that they also offer. Overall, pretty solid selection of flavors and yummy ice cream.
5	One of my favorite places to go in Madison because there isn't one in Chicago. My favorite ice cream flavor has to be Heaps of Love which is basically everything chocolate-y and others in there, let me see what I can remember is in it: Vanilla ice cream with chocolate and caramel swirls, Oreo bits, fudge brownie bits, pecans...and probably a lot more. All I know is that it's just yum! And it's not an all around flavor either. The first time I went there one of the workers told me it was a creation of their owner's, so it's not widely sold. Darn! I wanted to give it a 4 1/2 stars for my visit the other day only because one of the workers rolled their eyes at my group when we entered. Yes, we're a huge group. Yes, we can be loud. And yes, most of us were Asians, but don't worry we speak perfect English. That last yes may be over-assuming on my part, but that's the vibe that I got from her.Other than that, I love this place. Plus, they remodeled and there's much more room that it used to!
5	Hmmmm, who doesn't love some delicious ice cream on a hot summer day? Especially ice cream as good as this?Their flavors are extremely thick and full, letting you know they use the best brands for their ice cream. This isn't the fluffy, light ice cream you want after a 2-course meal. This is the creamy, fatty and rich ice cream you want when you're looking to satisfy that sweet tooth craving. I'm definitely making it a goal of mine to try every 1 of their flavors. Now if only Madison could get the hint and give us spring, I'd appreciate it very much.
4	The locals told me that this is one of the best places for good old fashioned Wisconsin ice cream here in Madison!I went and was scrumptiously delighted!!
5	Love this place, they make soooo many flavors its awesome. Must try them all, they pack quite a flavorful punch. Wisconsin is known for they dairy, so you know the ice cream has to be great and this place delivers. About as good as it gets for ice cream.
5	Just tried their ice cream recently. Though we live nearby, but I had never made it there. Just about two weeks ago, I came to have their coconut ice-cream and I know that I will be back.
5	I'm a Wisconsinite who doesn't really care for ice-cream (yes, we do exist) and I love this stuff. It's probably the only ice-cream that I will eat.I had Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream as a treat when I was growing up. If you're not a local and can't stop by here often, you HAVE to try their Blue Moon and Zanzibar. Blue Moon is a unique flavor of ice-cream that's virtually impossible to find outside of WI. And they are known for their Zanzibar.Even the classic flavors here are delish. Their cookie dough is smooth and creamy with flecks of chocolate and soft and tasty chunks of cookie dough. They offer lots of flavors, sometimes it's hard to choose.The service can be hit-or-miss and on summer weekends the place is packed. This is TRUE ice-cream. It's creamy and thick and delicious. Don't think about how many calories you're eating, just enjoy and experience it.
5	Great service, great ice cream and great atmosphere. It really doesn't get any better than walking along State St. with some delicious ice cream. They have so many flavors that any picky eater would be happy here. I have been very excited to even see some flavors I've never tried before, like Green Tea and Honey Ginger, which are to die for! I've had just about almost every flavor you can get, most recently I enjoyed a dish of the Horchata and just last night had some Zanzimint (Dark chocolate with mint). Both were as delicious as I expected. The service is pretty fast and they are always happy to give you samples to help you make your choice. I am gluten free so I haven't tried the cones but they look like they are homemade as you can see the waffle irons in the back of the store. They also sell chocolate covered bananas which are a staple for late night studying. Great place!
1	The absolute worst italian ice (supposedly cherry) I've had.  Had to throw it out -- first time I've ever discarded a dessert.  I suspect it was 97% corn syrup and 3% Red #5.I'm told by others that their actual dairy-based ice cream is good, but this is a review of my experience, not theirs...
3	Excellent ice cream. Creamiest I've ever had, so this was a weird texture at first. Horchata doesn't taste like horchata, but I still like the light, clean flavor. Coffee flavors are always good.
5	there are times when trying to go vegan is really hard and there are times when it's super easy....chocolate shoppe makes it easy and YUMMY!  On a hot day in October, (a gift in itself), it's so nice to sit in peace park with a rich and creamy, dreamy soy cone (a lick-after-lick gift).  It was the oreo flavor with bits of oreo cookies - not the hard crunchy ones from the package you buy in a store but soft, like your grandma baked for the oreo company before it got really big and the cookies were added fresh outta the oven after they had cooled down just enough.If you didn't know it was soy, you wouldn't know it was soy....you know?
4	Their ice cream is amazing! It is creamy, thick, and packed with flavor. There's usually a long line, but worth the wait. Unfortunately, I've only had a chance to try their rocky road. Ask for samples if you get a chance. If I were around the area, I'd give the other flavors a try. I would recommend this place to anyone who has a sweet tooth.
4	My family likes to stop here when we visit Madison's State Street.  The ice cream is fresh and super yummy.  A whole lot to choose from, too.  The service is friendly.  It may seem a little bit pricey at first, but once you taste the ice cream, you quickly forget about the price.  One star taken off because the need someone to come out and clean off the tables more often.
5	Vegan coffee and oreo soy ice cream.  I'm pretty sure that's all I have to say.  Just let that image sink into your brains and get yourself to State Street if you want to enjoy some refreshing, creamy, dairy-free yumminess this summer.
3	So giving Chocolate Shoppe a 3 star is extremely painful for me. I have loved this place for oh SUCH a long time. First, things first- the ice-cream is still AWESOME chocolate shoppe, and it is still yummy!!!! Other Notes: They have removed their funky murals and look more like a sterile corporate run place, rather than a local corner ice cream shop. Oh well!! Two bad service experiences get them a three star- possibly deserve even lower- but since food is still good, if you can live with the service go here. So my most recent experience on Memorial Day was pretty poor. When we went in there were like 4 people ahead of us. Two of them walked out, shortly after the first one placed an order to a young boy working behind the counter. There was a young girl behind the counter but she seemed to be writing something, and checking on ice cream. While she did this the line continued to grow. The young man, only one serving customers at this point- was nice enough- but obviously new, and should not have been waiting on customer by himself. Okay he finally gets to us- 2 chocolate shakes, please!!! Now there are about 10 people behind me. When the  guy starts working on our shakes, the girl finally starts helping customers. She is faster than the boy but moves at a leisurely pace with no sense of urgency for this long line. The guy takes 12ish minutes to get our milkshake done.  It took us about 20-25 minutes total  to get two milkshakes, with only two people actually ahead of us in line.And the line behind us growing... That's not OKAY.
5	What can you ask for in Dairyland? ICE CREAM. I gained like 15 pounds the first year I got to Madison because I couldn't stop eating ice cream. every day. SO DELICIOUS! I love how creamy and rich the ice cream are. And the flavors? rich. and sinful. just like how ice cream should be.What to try:Zanzibar!! Rich dark chocolate, not too bitter, not too sweet. Just right. mm.Fat Elvis! Banana, chocholate chunks and peanut butter. chocolate chunks are not my favorite. but overall. I love peanut butter and banana. woohooYippee skippee. peanut butter ice cream with brownie, salted caramel, pretzel! love the combination!!! Heaps of love - everything sinful that you love. chocolate, brownie, caramel nuts etc etc.Btw, if you are crunching for a project or school, they came up with a caffeinated ice cream (BANG!). I haven't had the occasion to try it, but it sounds much better than the 5 hour energy drinks.Feel free to ask to taste the flavors, there are endless choices!! Hint: summer walk down state street, get an ice cream to cool you down!
5	Oreo soy ice cream. There is nothing else I need to add. All I need in life is some great ice cream, really. This place makes the most deliciously creamy, wonderfully creative flavor/filler combinations, and I adore the fact that they offer soy ice cream. Big time. Love love love it. Call me crazy, but if someone tried to get between me and this ice cream shop, they wouldn't win. The service could be better at times, but honestly, when you go for ice cream, you go for ice cream. Not for service. Gimmedat. Now.
5	As a UW student I'm really proud of our Babcock ice cream however personally I would rank the chocolate shoppe as the best ice cream in town. Also they offer ice creams made for special nutrition needs including a variety of soy ice cream, which is really nice for ones with lactose intolerance.If you prefer creamy flavors I would recommend green tea, as it is not overly sweet so that you can taste the milk thoroughly. Well, I'm not saying that it's a low calorie choice - as the prints on their dishes say, 'you want nutrition, eat carrots.' It's not the time to consider you daily carb and fat intake buddy,  it's the time to experience the best of America's dairy land.
1	just found out they use fructose corn syrup in the ice cream, very disappointed in them. Why do they use that?
4	Love the unique flavors they have available, right alongside the traditional favorites. So rich and creamy!
3	My biggest gripe: The employees either need to step up their game or management needs to hire more employees. It is the middle of summer and I would expect an ice cream shop to be up-staffed in anticipation of the increase in customers. For the amount of foot traffic that the Chocolate Shoppe gets between 7-9PM on a warm summer night, they are seriously, seriously understaffed.I'm not one to complain about standing in line for 15-30 minutes for a scoop of ice cream (especially if I'm craving it), but unfortunately, Chocolate Shoppe doesn't really deliver. There are many flavors, yes, but I feel like the quality of the ice cream they serve is way too commercial (read: overly processed). I could probably pick up a no-name pint of the same flavored ice cream at the Copps down the street and not be able to tell the difference. Given the other options in the area (including UW's own Babcock Hall Dairy Store), it will be a long while until I'm back.
4	One of the iconic places on State, my roommate and I visit this place a lot when we stayed downtown. Even after moving to west Madison, we still go back pretty often when we are on State. You just can't say no to ice-cream, rich and creamy ice-cream. They have disclaimers that give you plenty of heads-up as to what is in store for you. Lots of milk, cream, dairy products, chocolates or whatever the flavor of the ice-cream is. My favorites are the zanzibar (three different types of chocolates, can it get better??), oreo espresso, and black raspberry. As it varies from person to person, the best way is still to try their generous samples and just see which one bought you over. Their menu also extends to sundaes, milkshakes, take-home pints etc, just in case you want to deviate a little from the usual cones or dishes.
4	Incredible ice cream.  So many flavors it's overwhelming.  They have vegan options and caffeinated ice cream!it's always crowded (because it's so darn good) and there is no agreed upon line system which makes people be jerks to each other, trying to nudge and get served first.  Best Flavors:-Fat Elvis (peanut butter banana and chocolate)-Zanzibar Chocolate (so so dark)-Almond Joy (Coconut and chocolate!)-Cake Batter (Self-explanatory)
4	I came here per a recommendation from the hotel front desk/shuttle driver. The ice cream is rich and very smooth. Plus, a single scoop is enormous! The horchata flavor was decently rice-y and cinnamon-y. I would have liked there to be more rice flavor. I do regret not getting the zanzibar chocolate that everyone raves about. If I'm ever in Madison again...
1	I called and emailed them many times for two days. Nobody answered my calls or emails. Nobody picked up the phone any time I called. I don't know how their ice cream is but their customer service and communication is clearly poor.
