3	under $20 meals...decent prime rib...and cajun style is pretty good...located inside the orleans hotel....if you happen to be unlucky like me and end up staying at the orleans..it's worth a visit to this restaurant...
5	A friend recommended this place so the next time I was in Vegas with a friend we stopped by. I kind of liked the way they are open to the gambling floor below. Maybe it's the whole Vegas vibe. The appetizers we ordered "sliders" don't seem to be on the menu any more. They were little buttery soft slices of meat on a fluffy half biscuit with some small greens that looked like radish sprouts. We drove a few hundred miles to get to Vegas so we were both pretty hungry so for dinner we each ordered the 22oz. Beefeater cut prime rib. Mmmmm it cuts it's meatsis with it's forksis "best prime rib I have eaten in a long time"......Thanks to Vegas prices we both ate our weight in really good prime rib and drank 2 good bottles of wine for under $100.00. The food coma that night was sweet!
3	i've eaten here maybe 5 or 6 times , the latest, this weekend ...lost a couple buddies to some "debauchery pursuits " so it was me and another bud...had a comp from the casino...the Loft it is...i normally recommend this place to people that are looking for value , especially if they are interested in a slab of prime rib - depending on the size of the meat slab , it cost about $14-$22 including salad or soup, potato and bread - the veggie sides are only $3,  we had the "gamblers cut " ... i believe that was a pound in size, also had creamed corn and we had the onion stack and stuffed mushrooms for appetizers - since i had an $80 comp, it covered all the above and 3 desserts we took back to the condo for the gang ( did not have wine )everything was above average ....except....the prime rib !!!  i was surprised...way too much fat on my slab - my buddies slab was not medium rare...i tell ya though,,,the horseraish cream combined with pure horseradish....whew  !!!  cleans out the nasal passages !!!! I'm hoping this was just an "off day" for the Loft because i believe this place normally is of greater value then the CC steakhouse ..
5	Basically $1/oz of prime rib.  Totally worth it!  And it comes with soup/salad and a potato =d  The first night my bf and I went there, it was very empty and our server was VERY NICE.  This is what we got:Salmon: not bad but I didn't like the stuff it was on topprime rib: soooo good =dbroccoli with cheddar beer sauce:  my bf doesn't like cheese but he likes that, I LOVE cheese but I didn't like that =Pgrilled artichoke:  very good!  But I think it's conditional, it was made extremely well the first night we had it.  The second night, when there were more people, the grilling and aioli lacked =T
3	One of the hardest things to adjust to when coming back from Las Vegas is the cost of dining out.I was so accustomed to steak dinners for under $20 that I forgot how much restaurants really charge for a good meal.I have to say it can really smack the happy Vegas frame of mind right out of you.The Prime Rib Loft is one of the restaurants guilty of distorting the prices of food.To start, the quality and flavor of meat is nowhere close to The House of Prime Rib.But for the price, who cares?But to be fair to The Prime Rib Loft, my meal was comparable to the ones I've had at either Broadway or San Mateo Prime.I usually get the biggest cut (to the dismay of the wife) and spend the next hour trying to stuff in down my belly (again, to the dismay of the wife).The meal comes with a salad and choice of two side dishes.The prime rib is tender and juicy, but it is also a little fatty and in need of more seasoning.For dessert, I usually ask for another sliver of meat to top me off and was about to make my request when I felt a sharp pain.It wasn't from my heart but more from my shin.It was my wife's subtle way of telling me not to even dare.Overall, 3.5 stars but rounded down since they don't have my requisite super hot horseradish.
4	So it's no Lawrys, for for less than $20 for prime rib, you can't go wrong.  I heard about this place from my cousin, and we all decided to try it.  It's off the strip, at The Orleans, but it's pretty good for it's price.  If you don't mind driving,  I'd reccomend it to people, and I'd probably go there again.  The service was very good and the wait staff was very attentive.
4	I think the prime rib here is great an very good priced. You can get a 10-22 oz prime rib from 14-23$ I normally go for the gamblers cut which is about 14oz for 17$. They also have a cajun style prime rib that I don't care to much for. The baked potato are served with the toppings tableside. Everytime im in town I always make a trip here.
3	The Prime Rib Loft is a must check out place for the price and flavor. Like the other yelpers have pointed out, the prime rib is amazing! Well, not everyone but some liked the prime rib for its price. For myself, I had the gamblers cut which is their 14 oz. prime rib. It wasn't bad when you compare it to other places like outback and Black Angus. The price and taste was just right. Did I mention you get soup or salad along with a side dish with your meat? The salad was fabulous with my choice of ranch dressing and the side I chose was Garlic Mashed Potatoes. The garlic mashed was just right, not too overpowering of garlic but there were still hints where u could tell there was garlic. Delicious! Come check this place out if you don't mind coming off the strip.The only thing I didn't like about this restaurant was the atmosphere. It was a tad loud for my taste. I mean yes, its a public restaurant but the guys in here dining in were horribly loud and no one from management said a word. THAT is my only issue with The Prime Rib Loft. For the PR Loft, I give the a 3.5 stars, The atmosphere just killed it from getting a four out of five.
4	If you're looking for some prime rib action after losing some chips at the casino or if you simply want a great meal without dropping too much additional cash (gotta be able to gamble later!), then The Prime Rib Loft is your destination.  The beef is dry aged for 21 days in order for the enzymes in the meat to make it more tender and the drying process evaporates the moisture in the meat intensifying the flavor.  While you wait you get a warm bread basket, but don't eat too much because you want room for the rest of your meal.  I like to have my prime rib barely licked by the flame rare.  The meat comes out thinly sliced, hot and really tender while marinating in a pool au jus.  The waiters are attentive and they bring a toppings cart along with your meal.  You get to tell the waiter how they should dress your potatoes.Go for the gamblers cut since the meal comes with a soup or salad and a large side of garlic mashed or baked potato.  You're going to be stuffed after the meal so get ready for a massive food coma.
2	Shame on you yelpers! I came off of recommendations on yelp that said it was the best prime rib in Vegas.  If that's the best prime rib you've eaten in Vegas, I'm sorry.  The ambiance is nice, a bit dated, but it made me feel all grown up sitting at the fancy tables with the waiters bringing out plates with domes on top.  Nice touch.But that's where the impressiveness ends.  The prime rib was fine.  Only a touch better than buffet prime rib.  The mashed potatoes were yum, but sadly we were only given one measly scoop.  I wanted more!  Anyway, I guess you can't expect much more for the price, huh? I'll shell out the extra dough next time for a quality piece of meat.
2	my boyfriend and I went here because I love prime rib and we heard this was the place to go. Thank goodness we had a $50 gift card because it wasn't worth the money. The service was great. I wish the food was the same. We started out with shaved onion loaf, which was good, then I ordered 22 oz. prime rib (med rare) and my boyfriend ordered the lamb chops. My prime rib was very dry and over cooked and the lamb chops were also dry. We didn't care to order desert. So all in all, I definitely wouldn't recommend this place. If it's the price you're going for, I would suggest spending the extra dollars for better food.
2	The first reviews I read were all positive, but just before my trip to Vegas a few negative ones began to show up here. I figured I would it a try anyway. There was a huge wedding party and a large birthday party going on when we arrived at 6:50PM on Saturday, November 21, 2009. The hostess made a point of telling us they were very busy and short-handed. In spite of their being full, we were seated promptly at 7:00. When seated we were told to prepare to wait to be waited on. The waitress came promptly to take our order. The service was timely if not overly friendly. It was really, really L-O-U-D in there.I've had a lot of trouble with prime rib lately, where ever I have gone. It always comes too rare. This was no exception. Just to be safe I ordered mine medium. Two bites were actually so raw as to almost make me gag. My wife ordered hers medium-well and it came out well done. She loved it. The garlic mashed potatoes were just okay - nothing to rave about, however.At $40 for two, including 20% tip and just water to drink, I guess you get what you pay for.
3	SO reasonably priced!  Definitely not the BEST prime rib in Vegas, but dude, for $14 bucks, a 10-oz. piece of this prime rib is worth it to me.  I've gotten 16-oz. pieces for like $30 bucks and it was of similar quality to the Loft's.  We started off with the prime rib skewers with cheddar-beer sauce and I really liked it.  Tender pieces of prime rib and cheesy goodness, how can you resist?You get a choice of soup or salad with your prime rib, and the BF got the cream of asparagus soup while I got a salad with ranch dressing.  I really liked his soup--a little smoky, and very light and tasty.  My salad was typical, but they overloaded it with too much dressing.  ASK FOR THE DRESSING ON THE SIDE!!We both got the garlic mashed potatoes as a side, and they were also really good.  You can see the roasted garlic swirled throughout, and of course we ate those parts first!  As for dessert, we got the chocolate fondue.  It was thicker than what I was hoping for (they just melt chocolate chips....) but it wasn't horrible.  They give you cheesecake, pound cake, melon (weird), pineapple, strawberries, and bananas (I may have missed one thing in there).  I would definitely choose something else next time.Overall, a great place to eat at if you want a multi-course meal for cheap.
4	I went here because the best restaurant in the Orleans, Canal Street, was closed for the holidays (!). I was pleasantly surprised. It was old-style Vegas. You go up these stairs to a loft area overlooking the casino. There was a mix-up on my reservation but it didn't matter since the place was empty at 9 pm the Monday before Christmas. I was seated in a comfortable booth.   I started out with a good martini, then a non-descript house salad with fresh warm rolls.  The main course was the "Gamblers Cut" 14 oz. prime rib, with a fresh grilled artichoke with lemon aioli dipping sauce, and  garlic mashed potatoes.  The beef, which I ordered medium rare, was thick, tender, and uniformly pink. The artichoke was grilled but still juicy, the potatoes suitably garlicky.The meal was reasonably priced. I paid with player club points. Service was attentive but nonintrusive. Overall it was a relaxing experience before I hit the tables again.
4	I'd give it a 4.5Dinner 1/25/10The Prime Rib Loft is up on the second floor.  It is a good sized open room with one end overlooking the casino floor.  The walls are painted with cabaret-nightclub scenes. We did not have reservations, but it was not very busy, but hey, it was 6:30 pm on a Monday evening.  This is still a pretty casual restaurant, so both of us felt comfortable wearing jeans.  We had a nice booth.  Service was excellent.  Hubby had the Bourbon Street Chicken, which he said was excellent.  He's not a big chicken fan either, but trying to follow Dr's orders somewhat.  I had the Filet of Beef Oscar.  Cooked perfectly and to die for.  So enjoyable.  Very, very good meal, but be aware - the garlic mashed potatoes SCREAM with garlic - too much for us.  The baked potato would have been a better choice for us.  $50.00 (excluding tip) for the two of us including a Bud & glass of White Zinfindel.  Ended up kinda funny neither of us ordered Prime Rib for which the restaurant is known for.......Highly recommend.
3	This is one of the best-kept secrets in Vegas if you're looking for your protein fix on a budget. My ex and I would always come in here and order the same thing- the 24 oz. cajun style bone-in prime rib TO SPLIT... for $24. And the kicker? Aside from the requisite bread basket (which was just OK) It normally comes with potato of choice (baked w/ all the fixings or french fries), vegetable and horseradish + side salad but every time we went and ordered it to split, they would split the potato between us, still give us a ton of fixings, AND give us our own side salads! Very nice service too. The salads and potato aren't out of the ordinary, but they are simple, complete and done well, and the ambience is "upscale casual" (not even exactly dressy) but for the price (at about a little over $24 for the meal, we both just had iced water) we each got 12 oz. of meltingly tender, juicy, deliciously seasoned prime rib, a good size portion of potato and our own side salads. Count the excellent service and the white linen to boot, and it's a delicious steal of a meal. I recommend anyone try ordering it this way and they won't be disappointed... not for the price, anyway!
4	This is another one of my favorite dining spots in Vegas.  It's low key, casual and reasonably priced.  When you arrive, you are started off with bread and lots of it.  Then comes your salad or soup, followed by your main course, and sides.  The prime rib here is delicious!  Prepared perfectly and very tender and juicy.  Portions are generous.  If I were given a choice to dine at either Lawry's or here, I would choose the Prime Rib Loft because the food is excellent, costs less and the portions are very generous.  You definitely get more bang here for your buck.  Service at times can be slow, but the last time I dined here,  on 3/8/10, service was unbelievably fast and efficient.  I know there are lot of cheaper places in Vegas to eat prime rib, but the quality is not the same.  Here at the Prime Rib Loft, you definitely get what you pay for and some!  Highly recommended.
4	So mom and grandma in law wanted prime rib. The BF has been before and had a pretty good comped meal here so we head to the Loft instead of the usual buffets where they like to go.  The decor is dancing and musicians signatures and pictures on the wall. The food is rolled out onto carts so it has the very "old world", kinda dated way of doing things. It is a appropriate place to bring the parentals, grandparents, etc. I dunno, it just gave me that vibe and most of the other diners are older couples or middle adult groups. Salad is pretty standard iceberg with some onions, cherry tomatoes and cucumbers, but all the veggies were fresh and crisp. They serve warm bread and butter that were pretty decent with a crisp outside and doughy inside.Prime rib is the game so we all grabbed that. I think the prime rib was good- mine was juicy, tender and the right amount of fat on the rim. I got garlic mashed potatoes for my side- good garlic flavor but not much else. It needed more butter to make it creamier and it wasn't seasoned, but nothing a little salt and pepper I added myself couldn't cure. We ordered a side of the broccoli with beer cheese sauce. The sauce was good, but for everyone they wanted the broccoli cooked more. I like my vegetables a bit more crisp so I ate it up. Veggies were a big complaint of the table- mom in law was specially bummed that there's no creamed spinach, but we all love it so it was a big hitch for us. I would think that's a pretty standard accompaniment for prime rib but they only had broccoli, creamed corn, or mushrooms. I would think creamed spinach would fly out more than corn if they switched them. We got a bananas foster to share. Good flavors, but needs a lot more ice cream....most the ice cream was melted and not enough to go around to break up that strong, very sweet Foster's sauce. Service was pretty decent...we got refills and were checked on. We didn't wait on food too long.  I get why people like this place. Is it the absolute best prime rib available in Vegas? No, but you can't beat $14-22 for a slab with potato and soup/salad.  I feel you get good quality for your buck. It probably is one the better prime rib you can get in this price range and the best that Vegas has will be double the price. 4 people for $88 bucks is not bad at all. I don't know if this would be some place I'd go to that often...normally I would just go up a notch and get the best, but it was nice to try this. I left satisfied enough for what we paid and I guess that's what matters.
1	Went to The Prime Rib Loft for dinner on Monday, 8/9/10 with 4 of my friends.  Reservation was at 9:30 PM.  We were seated.  Sat down, placed our dinner order.  Was served salads, and bread.  After we finished, we were told they ran out of prime rib!!!  WTF?  How does a place called "The Prime Rib Loft," run out of prime rib?  They offered us steaks, but we had our hearts set on eating prime rib.  We got up and left and went to Gold Spike Hotel for their $5.99 prime rib dinner.  It was excellent and worth it's value.
4	Great stuff...good prime rib! We were hungry and didn't want anything to do with the Mexican food below! LOL! One gripe..I ordered my prime rib med rare...they served it medium. It was a bit dry. Check out the cream corn, the prime rib and salad wasn't too bad. The bread sucked. Service good.BTW....hostess asked us if we had reservations. Plenty of seating...and she still had to pencil us in with full name before she could seat us.
4	Sorry this is a year late, but I had to share the photo's.  Both me and the wife really enjoyed our experience here and the food.  I started with a salad and wifey wanted to try the artichoke hearts.  We actually shared them, they came in a pair.  We were so devouring one, we almost forgot to take a pick.  Wifey never had them like this before and she loved it.  She used to think she didn't like artichokes!  The aioli was delicious and paired perfectly with the grilled artichokes.  My caesar salad was attractively composed and not over dressed and the veggies were all very fresh and crisp and the Parmesan twist was a nice touch, but I think they forgot the croutons, see pic, lol.Faye-sy's rib was excellent, and perfectly cooked and the baked potato was huge!  I love how they wheel out your meal on a cart, your food covered to keep it warm, and your server will ask you how you want your potato dressed!  The works, of course!  lolMy chops were also excellent.  I love lamb, and they were perfectly medium done, with that lovely char crisp sear on the outside.  If we make it to Vegas again, we will make this a must stop.  Fine dinning for a casual price!
3	when this place first opened it was really good, back then I would have given it 5 stars. Now it is just ok. My dad likes to go there, that is why we went. We started with the grilled artichoke. Usually this is pretty good. Not so much this time. Maybe artichokes are out of season?. It was hard and not very flavorful. The aioli that accompanied it was tasty. The prime rib was ok, the portions get smaller each time I go. Very tender, good flavor. Nothing outstanding. We all had the same cut. Same side of baked potato. No dessert. Probably will go again as my dad loves this place.
3	After seeing Dennis Miller in the Orleans showroom (Dennis rocked - the showroom is a whole other Yelp) I was pretty hungry I didn't feel like waiting until I got back to the Strip to eat. I discover the hidden Prime Rib Loft. You take stairs from the casino floor up to, well, a loft. Thus is the Prime Rib Loft. A kind of dark restaurant hidden away in an off strip casino. However, due to the location, you get to stare at the Orleans' creepy faux Mardis Gras float heads as you dine. I wish I would have taken a picture to share - it's almost surreal. The food: as you can tell by the name this is a vegan restaurant. Not a single dead animal on the menu - nawh, just kidding. The name says it all. A basic dinner: a salad (I had the Cesar - not bad), a decent cut of beef, and your choice of baked or mashed. It's not great but it's solid. It's what you expect. That's never a bad thing! The wine list was surprisingly good considering the restaurant. I had a by the glass Malbec that went well with the beefy dinner. The only actual disappointment of the night was the dessert - the cheesecake was a bit dry and tasteless. Oh well, it's not called the Cheesecake Loft is it? Also, the prices are quite reasonable. Bottom line: is it worth a $20 taxi ride from the strip? No. But if you happen to be in the Orleans - it's a pretty good meal at a reasonable price!
4	In on business, and wanted a great steak.  A local took us here.  Amazing NY Strip for $19(?).  Also came with salad and garlic mashed potatoes (or Baked)!!  Two others in our party had the 10oz Prime Rib, and it looked great as well.
1	Made a Saturday night reservation for two. Arrived on time and was seated within 5 min.  Took over 5 min for our server to stop by the table. He  must of had too many tables or something- the  place was only about 60% full of patrons though- plenty of tables around.  Ordered and waited forever for the worst T-bone of my life. Shoe leather, dry, tasteless. The salad was better than the steak.   Ordered medium and got well. Very poor service that evening- no water refills, no bread refills. Could not recommend this restaurant at  all. Eat the buffet and save your money.
4	Adequate prime rib...someone recommended me the sesame crusted sea bass. Normally I dislike cooked fish,cept Chinese steamed. But it is amazing....drafting this between bites!
4	Once each trip to Vegas I splurge for a really nice dinner.  Sometimes I get disappointed, not here,I showed up just after opening and it wasn't very busy yet.  Not being a fan of prime rib I chose the Filet of beef Oscar ($25).  I always hesitate to order medium rare as many chefs under cook it and it takes a good piece of meat to pull it off.  My waitress convinced me it was ok to order it that way and I was very pleased with the result.  It included a salad, which I had with blue cheese dressing, and my choice of potato, I chose garlic mashed.  I also had a slice of one of the best pieces of cheesecake I have ever had (I think $7).  The only regret I have is the Kendall Jackson glass of wine, I should know better as I have never had a K-J wine I really liked.  A note: a "glass" of wine is really a third of a bottle carafe so it isn't really as expensive as it seems.Not only was this a great meal, at $44 plus tax and tip it was relatively inexpensive for Vegas.  I noticed a good portion of the diners were locals.
2	The food here is actually really good...if the service could rise to acceptable I'd visit much more often. But it seems like every time I go the service heads downhill. Last night was horrible. Our (delicious!) grilled artichoke with lemon aioli appetizer came out and less than a minute later our salads were dropped. This was 30 minutes after we ordered...it seemed our salads were forgotten and nobody ever came close enough to our table for us to point this out. I think our server remembered when he brought out our appetizer. Entrees (which arrived about 45 minutes after our appetizer/salad course - with no sign of our waiter) were delicious. My husband had the filet Oscar, beef medallions topped with crab, asparagus and bearnaise sauce, and it was cooked perfectly. I had the top sirloin - very good. The garlic mashed potatoes are a favorite of ours and they didn't disappoint, especially with their yummy house gravy (you have to ask for it.) We had a comp and we were paying the rest with a credit card. Our server insisted we fill out the credit card slip before he ran our card - he said to just subtract the amount of our comp. We did so, though it seemed like a weird way to pay at the end of a meal. He then returned to tell us we did the math wrong because we failed to subtract the amount of the tax that would come off with the comp. Seriously. It was ridiculous. I used to really like this place, it was the first steak dinner my husband and I had in Vegas  - before we even moved here. The food is always yummy and the prices are very reasonable. The service, though, makes me question if I will ever return... Last night was simply awful.
3	When Friend #1 had a $25 food credit for one of the restaurants at The Orleans, Friend #2 and I picked this restaurant.We were greeted warmly and seated immediately at a both.  The mellow and upscale ambience felt soothing, and our efficient server Donna took our orders as soon as warm rolls and butter hit the table.Our shared appetizer came out fast, but started the meal off SO badly:Lump Crab Stuffed Mushroom Caps ($12) - 5 deep fried balls served on inedible green leaves of some sort, on top of a bed of crispy rice noodles.  Dijon mustard, some kind of creamy sauce, and warm marinara came alongside.  Talk about an identity crisis!  The mushroom inside the thick fried coating hid under a ball of salty, dry crabmeat.  None of the sauces made any sense at all, nor did they taste good - alone or with the mushroom.It was so awful that when I told the busser, he sent the manager over.When I repeated to the manager how awful and dry the shrooms were, he looked down, picked up the plate with the remaining 2 mushrooms, and literally slunk away without a single word of apology or offer to take it off the bill or replace it with something else.  It was a very strange reaction, especially for a manager level person, and we were left pretty much speechless by his odd wordlessness.When Donna came back with dinner salads for me and Friend #2 and a Jambalaya soup for Friend #1 (they came with our meals), she did apologize for the awful appetizer, which was the first proper acknowledgement we had for it.  Maybe DONNA should be the manager - as she had way better communication skills than their actual one.Salads were basic - iceberg, red onion, sliced cucumber and diced tomatoes.  The soup of the day was the Jambalaya, which it didn't resemble in chunkiness, and the flavor was totally unimpressive to me.  Both came with a Cheez-It-tasting cracker that was mildly entertaining.Dinner finally looked up when our entrees arrived:Me: The Gambler's Cut ($19) - a 14 oz cut of prime rib, rare, with steamed green beans and carrot julienne instead of the mashed or baked potato choice.  My meat was perfectly rare, perfectly fatty, super juicy, flavorful without being overly salty, and the creamy horseradish that came with was great!  The veggies were good too - tender and skinny green beans, still al dente.Friend #1: The Beefeater Cut ($25) - this 22 oz bone-in MONSTER was a gorgeous hunka meat!  Same meat as mine, only bigger!  My friend got a huge baked potato to go with, and Donna served him sour cream, butter, bacon bits and chives from her serving cart.Friend #2: The Orleans Cut ($16) - my friend requested this 10 oz prime rib grilled, and Donna didn't bat one lash when taking her order.  It came out with nice grill marks, and still perfectly medium rare as she likes it.Since we were rushing off to a show, we didn't have time for dessert.  But if I erase all memory of the stuffed mushroom appetizer, I would be open to returning for just the prime rib in the future - and definitely try their Bananas Foster dessert!
5	They got that Cajun rubbed 22 oz, blackened prime rib perfect again...One suggestion to diners, if you go blackened always order it 1 degree more rare than you want... So if you want Medium Rare, order Rare, etc.Not high end fine dining, but outrageously good bone in prime rib...And a truly loaded, "loaded" baked potato!
3	The food was great and the staff was nice. The only thing is that our food took forever to come. We got there at 7pm and got our food at 8:30p and the restaurant wasn't even crowded.
4	Let's get down to business! This is one of my top favorite restaurants in Las Vegas no doubt. The flavor burst in my mouth with each bite of the succulent cajun spices smothered over prime rib excites me beyond belief, I should have really had a towel to sit on, eh hem....really a jean soaking experience to me lol. I always order the cajun style prime rib, nothing like it around I must say! This is another restaurant where in my experience during my meal I am once again finding myself moaning without control.This place is great, my complete meal runs $14 bucks, a slab of cajun style prime rib, soup or salad and choice of side, giant baked, or roasted garlic mashed taters! A steal of a deal for such awesome flavor! Plus pre-meal bread is provided to snack on! Also ice cold complimentary imported bottled water served tableside wine style! A nice classy touch :) So is a good time to get your fill of water! Afterall your skin and kidney's are counting on you! They have the freshest salad you will ever have the opportunity to stuff in your mouth! A killer Ranch dressing I just can't keep my composure when I am finger licking my bowl, every last drop! This is no lie!This place is dark and romantic and is located upstairs overlooking the casino. A great place for a fun date, really anytime!The Prime Rib Loft is primed for hearty appetites! The restaurant's comfortable and attractive ambience combines with its reasonably priced, superb menu to make this specialty dining room a must during every visit to The Orleans. True to its name, the Prime Rib Loft is famous for its delectable cuts of prime rib - the Orleans, English Cut, Cajun Style and the Real Beefeater Cut (an extra thick double cut with bone)- all specially selected and dry aged to ensure tenderness, then seasoned and slowly roasted for incredible flavor. All prime rib selections are served with a giant baked potato AND your choice of bacon bits, butter, sour cream and chives. More favorites include additional beef dishes, chicken, seafood and pasta. Begin and end your meal with fabulous appetizers and scrumptious desserts.HoursSunday - Thursday      5:00pm - 10:00pm  Friday & Saturday      5:00pm - 11:00pm
2	ate hear after cruising the old car show at vivalasvegas rockabilly weekend, was hungry lamf; this place sucked, thank god they had liquor, totally weaksauce! waitress was cool! def. not my fave!
4	Pros - very food prime rib and surprisingly inexpensiveCons - Presentation, ambiance, sidesI enjoyed this place. Sure there were a lot of negatives interior is dated, appetizers, mash potatos and sides are so-so, but the service is solid, prime rib is very good (4 - 4 1/2 *'s) and the price outstanding. AppetizerWe started with the crab stuffed mushroom caps - don't order them. Crab tastes frozen or canned. Not good for $12SaladCesars Salad - nothing spectacular but it was good. I enjoyed it.DinnerPrime rib - Excellent.  (4-4 1/2 *'s) If I had gotten it rare as ordered instead of medium rare, I would have probably given it 5 *'s. Mashed potatoes - so-soSidesAsparagus - goodCreamed corn - good but a little sweetNo dessert - too full at end of mealPrice - I chuckled when I received the bill. It was much, much cheapr than expected. Only $100 for 5 (86 yo MIL and 93 yo aunt split a meal - no split charge)  also included generous 8 oz 'glass' of  wine for me.The overall dining experience is 3 *'s - there were a fair amount of negatives but service and the prime rib are excellent and considering the price I gave it 4'sI'll be back
2	Hello all,When reviewing restaurants I use a rating system that looks at all aspects of their Menu, Decor, Food, Service & Price. A restaurant can score up to 5 points per category and a perfect score would be 25 points.Menu:  2 Stars: The menu was available online which I really like and it was presented in a clean and easy to read format.  I am giving a low score here because I got turned off when I saw  a vegetable tempura app on the menu of a fine dining steakhouse.  Typically I like concise menus, however this menu was lacking options.Decor:  4 Stars: I found the decor and ambiance of the restaurant tomb fantastic.  I really liked the look and style, it blended well with their concept.Food:  2.5 Stars: Average is all I can say about the food here.  The appetizer I selected for the table was a crab stuffed mushroom which was deep fried and served on a plate with 3 different sauces, 2 on the plate for garnish and one for dipping.  I would not order this again. My salad was terrible, I am still not sure how a fine dining steakhouse can mess up a house salad and as for my entree the only thing I liked about my steak was it's size.  Although after I cut off all the fat there wasn't much meat left.  Did not get dessert as the choices were less then impressive.Service: 3 Stars: I liked the fact that bottled Voss water is flowing like champagne at at a wedding at no extra charge.  The wait staff was efficient but not that which you would typically see in a fancy steakhouse.  I asked about the daily specials and for a dinner recommendation and was not impressed by their knowledge and delivery.Price: 3 Stars: I would say the average entree was $25, a little high for the location and quality but not outrageous.  Overall dinner was about $40 per person with tax & tip.My overall rating, 14.5 of 25 lands this place 2 Stars, as I would not return here nor would I recommend it.  ~Signed, Las Vegas Yelper 1116
5	We love prime rib. That is one of the main reasons we visit Vegas. We had a free room at The Orleans so we visited this lovely loft just before closing on a Monday night.The server was super nice and attentive. The meal was wonderful and the decor was from the old restaurant that had been there. I think it was an Italian place at one time.We will definitely return.
4	I got the fish. Crusted halibut if you must know. I asked for it to be a little on the Med-Rare side.It was terrific!
4	I can forgive this place for not having prime rib that one time.  But when you have your heart set on something and they don't have it, it is pretty disappointing.  I have dined here three times since that incident where they ran out of prime rib.  And each of those three times that I dined here have been wonderful.  Staff has been friendly and food is incredibly delicious for the price you pay.  I would for sure choose this place over Lawry's any day as the food is just as good and for a fraction of the price. The Prime Rib Loft is definitely an awesome place for prime rib and the overall value is outstanding!
4	We have been coming here after the NASCAR races every year since 1998. I have seen some highs and less, but always come away feeling I got more than my money's worth. However;The salad was a very good mixed green with a very nice raspberry vinaigrette dressing. It came right after some warm fresh bread. My wife loved her lamb chops, and they were moderately priced. My Orleans cut prime rib was tasty, not fancy. But for the money, a killer deal. The service tonight was the best ever, and much faster too Definitely not fast food, but really good value. We were in and out in under an hour, which is our record here. They have been slow in the past, but always very accommodating and friendly. Great ambiance for a casino Steakhouse restaurant without becoming intrusive.
3	Not really all too great. I liked the broiled Seabass, but I wasn't too fond of the prime rib... To be fair, red meat isn't my thing, so I think it's probably reasonably priced for a decent hunk of prime rib.The service was alright. Good in the beginning, good in the end... but not really existent between the bookends. The apple pie dessert was too sweet, even for me... And I love apple pie! Not enough vegetables to choose from, not many sides or options. The side soup was too salty (vegetable soup), and the side salad was quite basic.Nothing splendid.
3	EVERYTHING WAS GOOD...THEN THEY BROUGHT THE PRIME RIB OUT...I was craving prime rib and I remembered that I had bookmarked this place for their cajun prime rib. I noticed that they offer English Cut so I skipped the Cajun Prime Rib this time. This is what we ordered:Grilled Artichoke $82 Prime Rib, Orleans Cut 10oz English Cut $16MacMurray Ranch, Sonoma Coast, California $10 - 8oz CarafePepsi $3The grilled artichoke was good. The prime rib came with soup or salad and baked or mashed potato. We both got the Chicken Corn Chowder and Garlic Mashed Potatoes. Everything was good except the prime rib. I ordered mine rare and it came out medium rare. I asked our server if I wanted it more rare next time if it was possible ans she said if I came earlier in the day...we were there at 7:15pm...how early do I need to go?!! The English Cut was not as thin as the English Cut from House of Prime Rib or Lawry's. Since it was thicker and more cooked than I had preferred, I found it a little dry.I'm still thinking about coming back to try the Cajun Style prime rib.
2	When you have prime rib in the name of your restaurant I have certain expectations going into it.I tried the satay appetizer.  It was OK at best, dry and lacking flavor.I ordered the medium cut prime rib cajun style.  It came out without the cajun seasoning, but that was quickly corrected.  The meat was done a little more than ordered, but not to the point it would dramatically affect the experience.  The meat was OK, not bad, not great.  The best part was the cajun seasoning.  It packed a lot of flavor and a nice kick.Our server seemed overwhelmed and impatient.  He was short with us when we asked questions.This is not a bad place, it just sets itself up for disappointment by including prime rib in the name.
5	Good food great service staff. Nice setting overlooking the casino floor. Got right in no wait even on a sat night with a busy hotel.
2	Went here on Saturday for dinner with a group of six of us. Service was so so and same with the food. Prices weren't bad and the interior is pretty 70s like?No real complains but nothing to make me want to come back.
3	Restaurant rated the best prime rib in Vegas!  I thought it was ok. Pricey for what you get. Service was slow and the waiter blamed it on the bartender.  Remember, located in a casino, smoking is allowed.
4	Long time family friend in town, wanted to take him to dinner.  We had read reviews of this place and wanted to give it a try.  My husband made dinner reservations, we were seated without problems.  The bread basket came with several different selections, they all were good.We got a appetizer, the spicy chicken eggplant quesadillas, they were good, I ate most of it.  I always enjoy eggplant in any dish.We all ordered prime rib, however, I got the smaller cut, my husband and family friend ordered the biggest cut.  It was cooked to perfection and had good flavor.  The service was decent, we enjoyed the meal and glad we tried it.  Was it the best prime rib we've had?  No, but decent, and worth trying.
4	Food was good.  Service was great my beverages were never empty. Had the gamblers cut of prime rib. Everything was good.
5	The GF was in the mood for primerib and I figured a place with prime rib in its name has to serve great prime rib but she wasnt impressed. Complained it wasnt cooked the way she ordered it. That didnt stop her from wolfing it down and looking at my plate though.I had the steak medallions and they WERE top notch. Cooked to a perfect medium rare. We split the stuffed mushrooms and they were great.A rather robust couple well over 3bills each ordered prime rib at the table next to us and when their food came out the server asked if they needed anything else and in the greatest hick voice they asked for ketchup, mayo and A1 sauce. The server was so confused! At a  place like this one the chefs earn their reputation and you are going to ask for ketchup mayo and a1 for prime rib? We laughed about it all night!
2	I don't like the fact that I'm limited to ordering what I want to eat when I'm paying for it. We had 5 people and we ordered 6 appetizers & 7 entrees. The waiter said we can only order 5 of appetizers, 5 entrees & 5 deserts. I told him that's crazy we're paying for what we are ordering. He said he needed to get it approved from the manager first. Our order was approved but that is just crazy. How a restaurant is going to tell you want you can and can't order when your paying for it. The cocktail shrimps are good but pricey about $2.00 a pc & in a oder u only get 5pcs. The crab stuffed mushrooms was good too $12. a order of 5 pcs.The prime rib was not that good. It was huge but not very tasty. The mush potato doesn't come with any gravy plan =T  $28.00The Asian Sea bass fried was pretty good with the spicy sauce. But the bottom get soggy fast and then its not so good $28.00The t-bone steak was ok, had soo much better else where. $26.00Order the berries grilled pond cake with ice cream $7.00 The pond cake was not grilled. Asked the waiter he said the grill was not ready so he gave me the plan pond cake. How nice I order something and he didn't even brother to ask me if that was ok  Because it wasn't ok, I really wanted the grilled pond cake. sigh
4	Food came out hot and tasty.service is great.
3	We got there bout 15 mins b4 they were closing and they took us.They only had medium well left for prime rib so 3 out of 4 of us got the T-bone steak instead. Maybe cuz it was closing time and they wanted us to eat and leave that they didn't cook the steak the way we asked which was medium rare. ALL of our steaks came out meduim. =( Comes with soup or salad and baked potato or garlic mash.  It's not the best steak but you get what you pay for. The side dishes of cream of corn and asparagus was pretty good.I would only go back if i was staying at the hotel and didn't want to drive to some place else.
4	I swear the butcher in the back has depth perception problems, because 10oz of prime rib looked more like 20oz, and that's a good thing!Prime Rib Loft is a great stop for a nice meal at a very reasonable price.  They have the classic steakhouse menu with great appetizers, salads, and main courses.  We ate like kings for under $80 and loved every pound of food.You must try the prime rib.  Their rub is delish and that crust is so darn yummy.
4	I know what you're thinking... Prime Rib at The Orleans? I can just go to a stinkin' buffet and get prime rib! No... Not like this place does it! Do yourselves a favor and order BEEF here. It's flavorful and cooked the way you want it. I like my meat bloody and they haven't let me down once in the 6 times I've come here. Do not get any other meat because I think you'll be sorely disappointed.I have taken my good friends and the BF here for dinner and everyone left happy campers. My first visit was with my family. I think every time the fam wants a good steakhouse, we come to this place. The portions are gigantic and the sides are equally delicious. You order your sides ala cart btw and they can easily be shared. The corn and mashed potatoes are my fav. If you opt for the baked potato you can easily share one between two people- they are HUGE!Reservations are highly recommended.
3	our luck was not as good as other,  service was just okay i can say it better then a good buffet so was there food!!  the prime rib was not cook to expectation  i don't think i want to try then again good luck
5	First off I read reviews that people have had bad experiences with this restaurant. No one is going to be perfect and it is not going to happen ever. I have been going there since 2002 and at least over 50 + visits. They are the #1 Prime Rib House in Las Vegas and I have not seen anyone touch them yet. If you go in there and order Prime Rib it is the best you will ever taste. I bring my friends who come into town from all over the world here and they say "We do not have this in our area from what you can get here". You get so much food for very little price, but the quality is TOP NOTCH with aged prime rib. Cajun style is my favorite and the baked potato that weighs in about 2 lbs when I get it fully loaded at no extra cost. So the bottom line is: You should not be disappointed if you go here and if you are, just go back to the Buffet low value Prime Rib where you started from.
5	I always going to the prime rib loft when I am in Vegas for my annual bowling tournament. Prices are cheap, prime rib is always good and there is never a wait. It is very casual that you can go in shorts and sandals and they don't ever mind that we are really drunk and annoying.
4	Ordered the prime rib special. It is a very good value. Everything was tasty, but service can be improved a bit. Will definitely go again!
3	Def. not for kids! The menu is fairly small but food was decent. Prime rib was good and the baked potato was awesome! Also had the chicken pasta and that was pretty good. Great pace to go before the Hockey game!
5	don't be fooled by the Off Strip location, inside an old fogies casino, the Orleans.this was a winner. i did good finding this place.came by for the boys steak dinner for March Madness. staying at the Rio but took the Gold Coast shuttle to here. very nice way to save cab money.located at the far end of the casino floor, it's situated a top the floor with a great view of the gaming. surprisingly not busy during MM and spring break. got seated rather quickly and had the drinks coming shortly thereafter. the staff were very attentive and pleasant. the layout of the place is very classic, red velvet teeming from most parts of the restaurant.very fair price for the bottle of Merlot that we ordered. even better pricing for the menu selections. i ordered the Beefeater. i wasn't messing around. at $27 for 24oz, it is a STEAL! almost half the price of Lawry's. i had initially thought that the quality would be sacrificed because of the price. boy, was i wrong. that cut of meat, on the bone, with the au jus was PERFECT. PERFECT i said! sooo mother effing good. i asked for green bean subsitution so as to make more room for the meat monolith. i ordered it medium and it was juicy and tender. they provide complimentary sourcream and horseradish which totally excentuates the flavors of the prime rib. damn, i can still taste it.the boys loved their food as well. before i had a chance to mention it, a couple of my buddies already said that we're DEFINITELY coming back next year! and we will. YOU need to check this place out!
4	Good Value for prime rib and tasty too!
3	The Prime Rib Loft is located in the Orleans Hotel on the second floor and overlooks the casino.  It is a medium-sized, low-ceilinged dining room with an eight-seat bar. Although showing a little wear, it is pleasantly decorated with booths and tables covered in red tablecloths, and the walls are adorned with large murals of band and dance scenes.  The menu is small and heavy on beef dishes.  Indicative of the restaurant's name, the signature food is prime rib.I recently dined there and had the Orleans Cut, which is 10 oz. of prime rib, accompanied by a chopped lettuce salad and mashed potatoes.  The quality of the meal was satisfactory and the service good.The ambiance and menu of this restaurant is a throwback to the popular prime rib joints of a bygone era - thick cuts of meat with just passable house salads and vegetables as well as reasonable prices for the food and drinks.The Prime Rib Loft is not a destination restaurant, but if you find yourself at or near the Orleans Hotel, which is off the Las Vegas Strip, like prime rib, and have a hankering for a decent drink, stop in.
4	This place is a great value for very decent steak and prime rib.  It's not the kind of place you  want to take a date or try to impress someone.  But if you want a great slab of meat for a very fair price then it's worth the trip to Orleans.  The small slab is $20 and the large slab is $27 and both include salad and potato or veggie side.  I also order the garlic sauteed mushrooms for $8 too - they are very tasty.
4	My husband and I recently stayed at the Orleans, Apr. 16-20.  We decided that we would have dinner one night at the Prime Rib Loft.  In all the years that we've stayed at the Orleans, we never made it to the Loft and this time we decided to do it.  In a nutshell, it was just outstanding!  From the moment we walked in, I knew I was going to like it.  Very nice atmosphere for a good, relaxing dinner.  Our waiter, Daniel, was just awesome.  He was very helpful, paced the diner well, never rushed us.  Daniel told us he had been working at the Loft for only 5 weeks, but his experience spoke otherwise.  I would recommend Daniel in a heartbeat!  We started out by sharing an appetizer of shrimp cocktail.  It was a plate of about six very nice sized shrimp with an interesting sauce.  It was homemade cocktail sauce with some hot mustard drizzled on the top and on the plate.  I absolutely loved it; then again, I haven't really met a shrimp I didn't like!  For the main course, my husband ordered the sea bass; since I'm basically a carnivore (!), I had to have my prime rib.  I had the small cut.  My husband absolutely loved his sea bass, and the size of the fish was a very generous portion.  My prime rib was extremely flavorful and so tender (I always order mine medium rare) that I really didn't need the knife.  For my side, I ordered the garlic mashed potatoes and there was a generous amount of garlic in them.  It didn't overpower the potatoes at all.  Then again, I'm a garlic lover and there really isn't any such thing as too much garlic!  Who I presume to be the manager came over to our table.  Unfortunately, I don't remember her name, but she was extremely friendly.  We told her we chose the Loft because we were celebrating our wedding anniversary.  A few minutes later, Daniel came over with a complimentary dessert that was just out of this world!  My husband, who rarely eats chocolate and even more rarely has dessert, ate quite a bit which says something.  It was almost a "death by chocolate" cake - the cake itself was chocolate, the inside and top was covered with layers of chocolate, and the back side of the slice had shaved chocolate.  If that wasn't enough, it was drizzled with fresh raspberry sauce, and there were several fresh raspberries and blackberries (my personal favorite) on the plate.  It was by far, hands down, the best chocolate cake I have ever eaten.  Also with dinner, my husband ordered a bottle of wine for us.  Ordering wine is a little bit of a challenge as he likes sweeter whites and I lean toward the dry reds.  We compromised and ordered a bottle of Mc Murray Ranch Pinot Noir, and it was just wonderful.  It went well with both of our dinners.  All in all, I definitely recommend the Prime Rib Loft if you're looking for a quite, relaxing, top notch dinner.  I can't say enough about Daniel - he did an outstanding job.  When we go back, hopefully he'll be there because I definitely want him as our waiter.  The Prime Rib Loft is very reasonably priced; and the food is fresh and very flavorful.  This place really is very underrated and people truly don't know what they're missing.  My rating is really 4.5.  One thing bothered me and while this may be just a personal preference of mine, I wonder if other people are bothered by this as well.  The dress code at the Loft is basically business casual.  While we were there, we saw two different parties, one party being mostly male, that walked in with T-shirts and baseball caps, some turned backwards.  Really?  While I understand that the dress code is not formal, considering the ambiance, service, food, wine selection, etc., that one is getting and paying for, I think a little more respect should be shown.  If I wanted to see t-shirts and baseball caps, I could have dined at an outdoor cafe or bar!  I really would like to see management change the dress code so that t-shirts and baseball caps are not allowed.  All in all, a truly wonderful dinner and we'll be back to dine again.  Keep up the GREAT work, Prime Rib Loft, and hope to see you very soon!
4	Shockingly good for a restaurant not on the strip.  It's located in the Orleans Hotel, I think on Tropicana.  Its not far from the strip, right past In-N-Out for all you Hawaii peeps.  My bf tells me that this is the best place to eat prime rib.  He has a straight face.  I ponder this thought: I don't particularly like prime rib (quiet your gasps), but we go anyway.He, of course, has the prime rib.  I have a slice, and it was great.  Very moist, cooked perfectly medium rare as we like it, and very tasty,  What a good choice.  I had some type of shrimp pasta thing - scampi, I think.  The flavor was good, but sauce was a little overpowering.  What did I expect?  It's a prime rib loft.  No stars deducted.The salad that I had was phenomenal.  It was just a regular starter salad, but the dressing....OHhhhhh, it was a raspberry vinaigrette, and it was GOOD.  It's a relatively small restaurant, and it overlooks the rest of the casino.  Get it?  Loft.  The prices are very reasonable.  The service was good and employees were friendly.  No TV, so if you're betting on the game, don't eat until after.
4	Great value.  Good food at a rwasonable price. Prime rib is good. I would stay away from the soup of thw day. It is tgw same soup serced in the cafe with a healthier price tag. The prime rib is excellent. The sea bass is good. It comes breaded in panko crumbs and sesame seed with an Asian themes sweet and sour sauce. I would recommend telling the server to have it broiled with butter and lemon. The fish is  good enough to stand on its own.The baked potatoes are dressed table side which is a nice twist. You are able to control the amount of toppings.The wine list could be better. But the wines they do have are grossly over priced, even by steakhouse standards. ($25 for a $5 Moscato. For the wife not me.)
3	Had high hopes, but was average at best....Good hot bread to start. Steak was tough and chewy but had decent flavor, baked potato was huge and pretty good...Salad had dressing that was from a bottle. Lobster was from frozen and not fresh...mashed potatoes tasted like they were instant from a package!Ordered a chocolate martini and was served some nasty minty drink and returned it....food was not bad for the price, but it was like going to outback pretty much. Also the waitress vanished after she took the order, we has to beg a busser to get more cocktails.I thought $10.00 for a martini was a bit excessive for a place this far off the strip. Might give it another try sometime to see if it is any better, but other ratings here of 4 and 5 stars I think are unrealistic at this point.2.5 stars here, glorified buffet food is my opinion on this first trip.
4	While the decor is a little dated, it seems to fit pretty well at the Orleans! We called ahead for a reservation (on a Wed night) but realized we didn't need one when we arrived because they were empty. The servers were prompt and very friendly - a nice change from other casino restaurants! i ordered the prime rib and my wife ordered the steak and lobster special. Both dishes were cooked perfectly and arrived with a huge baked potato loaded with butter, sour cream, chives, and bacon. For the price, I would say it's the best prime rib I have had in Vegas (and the lobster was excellent too!). If you order prime rib, make sure you get their horseradish. It is so hot that it will make anyone cry!
5	So, if you're reading this, you're probably looking for a restaurant with great prime rib. When I was in Vegas I wanted a good, substantial, reasonably priced prime rib, and I got it at the loft. I'm sure, there's better prime ribs in the world, but if you want high quality, bang for your buck, I recommend this place. Here's a cut and paste from their menu.Roast Prime RibFeaturing our 21 Day Dry Aged Prime Rib of BeefTo insure the highest quality and tenderness we dry age our prime ribs on property,season with sea salt and cracked pepper then slow-roast for your dining pleasure.The Orleans Cut$ 1710 oz. of our most popular cutThe Gamblers Cut$2114 oz. sliced thick for your pleasureThe Beefeater Cut$2824 oz. for the serious beef eater. Served bone-onI got the beefeater, and it was fantastic, but couldn't finish it. My wife got the gambler, and she couldn't finish it. My father in law got the chicken, he liked it, but it was a weird choice. Anyways, nothing bad to say, good stuff.
3	It was ok...After eating at Lawry's this place just fell flat.  The Prime Rib was really tasty but I got the bone-in 24oz cut and it seemed like 12 oz of it was the massive bone.I also got the garlic mash and it was less than average.  It looked like someone used an ice cream scoop and plopped it down.  It was cold and just not very good.
4	Dining at the Prime Rib Loft was a very pleasant experience, and this was one of few moments where I felt I wasn't getting ripped off by a steakhouse. In addition, the beauty about Prime Rib Loft is that you are getting the same quality prime rib  as you're getting at Lawry's, at half the cost! Service was good, and was typical of one to expect when going to a high end steakhouse. The interior of the Prime Rib Loft was also pretty swank, and a little too dark for my liking. The food here was also very good, and the prime rib did not disappoint me one bit. For appetizers, I got the crab stuffed mushroom caps, which was paired with three sauces. It was a decent dish, but I thought it was not worth $12, since the crab taste was not as great as the mushrooms. For the prime rib cut, I got the 14 oz one, and it was seasoned really well and juicy for my liking. The baked potato that came with the prime rib was also good and did not lack any required dressing on it. If you or companion is not a prime rib fan, they also have a pretty good sea bass dish and it tasted fresh. I really liked Prime Rib Loft and I felt that their signature dish was as good as any prime rib I have tried, and was at a low cost (only 21 bucks for a 14 oz). This is a nice place to take someone on a anniversary or a date.
4	I'm a veggie and visited this place after the previous night at "Lawry's Prime Rib".The person that paid for this meal thought this was a more reasonable price for similar quality meat.As a veggie, the veggie preparation (seasoning and cooking) was not as good as the preparation of veggies at Lawry's, but the raw ingredients were MUCH better (for Las Vegas.)The next time we are in Las Vegas, we will choose to visit here instead of Lawry's Prime Rib.
2	The prime rib was...ok. I've had better for cheaper.  I ordered the "Gamblers Cut". Nothing really wrong with it per se, but it was fairly bland and the horseradish was the same fake horsey sauce you get at Arbys.  I paired it with the garlic mash potatoes instead of baked. It was essentially a gummy glop served on a small plate. Ever had Red Lobster's garlic mash potatoes? Tastes exactly the same.Service was pretty bad. The hostess was really nice, but we waited about 10 mins after being sat for a server to come over, pour us a glass of iceless water and inform us that our server would be with us in a minute. A minute? I guess she meant 10 mins. Finally our "real" server showed up, took our order and promptly disappeared for another 20 mins. Finally she brought the grub....and then apparently went on a permanent break. About 20 mins after we finished eating, we had to ask the hostess for our check (we couldn't wait to get out of there, keep reading) Finally, our server reappeared with the check (she's alive!!!) and then....promptly retreated to the back. We never saw her again. After about 10 mins we went back to the hostess to see if she could handle our check (she did). All of that would have been bearable if not for this... Unfortunately we were seated right next to a party of 11 middle-aged women having a "girls night out". Apparently this party of morons thought they were eating prime rib at a rowdy bar. Remember the tv show "Roseanne" and how she would laugh at the end of the opening credits? Multiply that laugh X 11 people, every 5 seconds with the volume turned all the way up. Two tables asked to move to another part of the restaurant and several other people kept covering their ears and looking over their shoulders. Alas, these weren't big enough hints for the clueless  staff to put together and ask the ladies to pipe down.A shame. It seemed like an otherwise nice place to eat, but I think next time I'll go elsewhere.
5	Went Friday night, and was very pleased with some of the minor tweaks they have made.As usual, the best prime rib in town for under $50 a plate.  Must order Bone In (BeefEater Cut) and Cajun Blackened.  The Blackened makes your order naturally come out 1 degree more done than you order, so if you like medium rare prime rib, order rare.They have upgraded the stemware and the wine list, points I had noted in prior reviews through the casino surveys and on yelp.  Bravo.  Its the Orleans, so its not ultra high end fine dining, but its good food at great prices, with a decent atmosphere.  Tough to beat. If you like prime rib, you really need to try the cajun rubbed bone in.  Its just amazing.  Comes with a salad and a potato.  The "loaded" baked potato is prepared tableside, a nice touch.  Continuous management overseeing this place and keeping it ship shape - I have seen the same manager here for at least the 8 years that I have been coming here.
1	I hope you like your prime rib rare  I ordered three cuts all different well/ med/ rare and they. Al came the same way   Besides the low quality meat they use and crapy bread they put on your table   I have had better prime  for 5.99. What a joke I won't be back
3	What a great evening. Food was excellent the service was great can't wait to come back again. I have been here several times before and it's always great to take friends here because you never get anything but great compliments. If you're looking for prime rib this is the place to go.
4	Tonights dinner was excellent, got a table over looking the casino floor. The wait staff were very attentive and our food was fantastic!Our apps were stuff crab mushroom caps, the crab wasn't lump, but more like shreds, but very good, and grilled artichoke. Entre comes with soup or salad, we had one of each, tonights soup, cream of broccolli. House salad, cuccumber, red onion, black olives lettus and tomato.My entre was the fillet of oscar, two petite cut fillets, melt in your mouth tender, asparagus spears, crab meat in bernaise sauce and my husband got the beef eater prime rib. Both very good!We skipped desert, too stuffed. Overall,  a really good meal.
2	Yeah, there's no way that rib roast was "prime" nor was it "aged in house for 21 days". I think the middle cut is the best deal because a large portion of the 24 oz cut is bones. For the price, these were two tough hunks of meat. I was expecting to be blown away by it, but was not. It was a good meal, but we won't be back. Cajun seasoning was good, but a tad overwhelming. Baked potato was awesome. Apple pie was great. We liked it but we didn't like it, like it.
2	The food and waiter service was good and at a good price.The bad thing was the busser. Half of us were still eating when he descended on our table and started removing dishes. When my husband asked him not to, he ignored him then he muttered that was his job and even took my husband's bread plate as he was still eating.The manager was no where to be found.
1	I had an awful experience.  Describing my dinner, the little green beans were rubber in the Special of the Day, which included a 6oz Sirloin steak. It had the consistency of cardboard, which I sent back, only to receive the same thing.  The topper was the two lobster tails with the consistency, taste and feel of mashed potatoes.  By far,  the worst meal I've ever had.  Ivan,  our server,  was generous enough to replace it with prime rib.  At that point,  however,  I was unable to eat.
2	Seriously. For a restaurant that has prime rib in its name, it really fails to dominate in flavor, presentation and all.Cajun spice was a load of common table salt (!!), some paprika and nothing much else. So the combination of Cajun spiced prime rib? A total disaster.Only reason there is an additional star - hard working service staff on Thanksgiving night.I had better prime rib at Bacchanal Buffet for about the same $$ as a Gambler's cut.Of course, I am not coming back.
4	One of the best prime rib you can get in LV. Juicy. Tender. Delicious. Cooked your way.
4	It's off the strip- so be excited for more reasonable prices.  It's not anything over the top, but it's pretty good for what you pay.  You get a salad and a potato with your meal.  We got the prime rib of course, and I was really impressed with the au jus on the actual plate, as well as the horseradish.  They give you both prepared, and creamy so you can choose.  Also, they make the potato table side which I think is a nice touch.  For $28 in Vegas... it's totally worth it.  We'll be back, Vegas is our happy place.  :)
4	My first meal here was a very good one.Crab-Stuffed Mushrooms featured moist crab inside deep-fried Bread Crumb-Crusted Mushroom Caps, but mild mustard and a red sauce added nothing.  A Shrimp Cocktail looked and tasted appealing with 5 nicely decorated shrimps accompanied by flowers and cucumbers.A soft roll with whipped butter was provided that was dense but very good and not too salty.  Cracker bread was rather tasteless, but a Dinner Salad was very tasty with tomato pieces, cucumbers, mixed greens, radicchio, Black Olives, and a vibrant Raspberry Vinaigrette Dressing.  A bowl of Cream of Mushroom Soup with elephant ear-like mushrooms was hot, creamy, and excellent.  Beef Oscar yielded well-seasoned Filet topped by good-tasting crab and Bearnaise.  One tournedo was just right--medium rare as ordered--except for being lukewarm when brought to the table.  The other was more medium to medium rare in doneness.  At least 8 ounces of beef were supplied.  A slightly charred top sealed in the flavor.  I didn't quite finish all of it to leave some room for dessert.Service was very efficient, with glasses continually replenished with water without having to ask, and included Tableside Baked Potato service.  A Baker with chives was hot, buttery, and very tasty, while Diane enjoyed bacon and Shredded Cheddar Cheese to also adorn her potato.  Thin al dente Green Beans with Julienned Carrots, and thin Asparagus Spears tasted good.      We finished with outstanding sizzling Apple Pie with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream and Caramel Sauce.  Double yum!XXXX-1/2 overall!
4	For the price, an overall great experience. Definetely recommend. I got a chefs special sirloin with 2 lobste4 tsils for 24.99.
4	The Orleans is a fantastic casino to play slots to gamble in. No joke. But on to the food... one night while trying to avoid a buffet, we ended up here and having no expectations at all, the prime rib turned out to be a surprising find!  Skip the appetizers and go straight for the entrees with come with a house salad plus a baked potato or garlic mashed potatoes.The Orleans cut is 10 oz and the Gamblers Cut is 14 oz.  They also have a gigantic 24 oz on the bone if you have a hearty appetite. Our server said the Gambler's Cut is the most popular.  Overall I thought the prime rib was tender and juicy  (au jus on the platter); they also give you a large side of horseradish which complements the meat. I don't know what 21-day aged prime rib tastes like?  But that is their claim! Their servers serve everything on a rolling cart with silver covered platters.  It is pretty old school, but it works. Funny, but their Chambord berries and vanilla ice cream was a delicious dessert that was a large serving. There were a few servers helping our area and they were all pleasant and worked at a steady pace.   Every few mins we'd see a rolling cart go by and it seems they have system down.If you're off strip and feel like prime rib, try this place out.  Don't drink their wine; gave me a slight headache, so it is prob the cheap kind in giant bottles. Otherwise, if you want another recommendation- they have a pretty darn good breakfast buffet in this casino for cheap!
4	Great  food. great atmosphere. lovely staff. I've been going to this place for years and it's always a good time. The prime rib is outstanding although this time it could have been hotter.
3	I just was not impressed this time food was good but felt like our server wanted us in and out! It felt to me like she just did not want to be there. Plates got taken away to fast I was never asked if I was finished and bang my plate was gone. Good deal for staying at the Orleans but next time I am here I will try another Steak house it was a bit lack luster for my taste! I wish I knew our waitresses name. Our dinner was this past Sunday 04/13/2014 just not great!
2	I've been craving prime rib for MONTHS, so this seemed like an appropriate place to have dinner after Yelp Night: Zarkana. Pretzel Rolls: Complimentary before the meal. They were okay.. I usually don't like to complain about free stuff, but I'm thinking the "butter" they serve is actually margarine. Ceasar Salad: The actual salad was ordinary, but I especially liked the crisp parmesan wheel that was served up top. Prime Rib: I got the 10oz Orlean's cut (medium-rare), Stephan got the 14oz Gambler's cut (medium-well) both were ordered cajun blackened. The amount of meat generous for the price, and the cajun seasoning was pretty good- a bit spicy, but wayyy too salty. My cut was overcooked to medium, which was fine for me. I flipped my prime rib over and washed away some of the seasoning in the au jus. Stephan liked that it was served in the jus, and not on the side.Garlic mashed potatoes: A total let down. The potatoes came out of a box; I didn't believe it until I got a chunk of still dehydrated potatoes in my mouth. There was no flavor what-so-ever, and I'm still baffled that a place like this could serve such sub-par side dishes. Get the baked potato instead. Service: Sub-par. Stephan counted to 4, the number of times someone looked directly at his glass without refilling. Our server was pretty nonexistent, thankfully our busser took care of the soda refills. I was really underwhelmed by this place; the prime rib was good (especially for the price), but I was really disappointed by the service and the lack of selection that offered for side dishes and appetizers. There were only 3 other sides that were offered as add ons, and the appetizers were all cold seafood-based dishes like cocktail shrimp.
4	Food was great.  Good Seafood appetizers and Great Service.  Reasonable priced menu's as well.
5	Decided to have some prime rib last night and we chose the perfect spot. Had a bottle of wine, some prime rib and an amazing Cesar salad! The soup of the day was chicken fideo which is one of my favorites. Felt like it was my lucky day!     Our server was great, very attentive and helpful he knew his stuff. The ambience was nice it looks like it could be upscale yet casual place. The Orleans casino is fun also we had over a great time! It will be out Vegas go to spot from now on. I highly re comment it.
2	This restaurant was far from great. With a price of $17+ for pasta I expected great. I had the Gorgonzola chicken pasta and I expected a deliciously rich and creamy pasta. Instead I could only describe this as tasting like pasta from a cafeteria. So disappointing. They were kid friendly, which was helpful. They had good bread and we had a pretty decent clam appetizer. My hubby had some tasty prime rib as well.They took care of the pasta which I appreciated. Overall, they were friendly and accommodating but the food just wasn't  worth the price.
4	We made same-day reservations for a party of five on a Sun evening, with much ease, after a long hard day's work at a convention. We wanted to get away from the strip for a quiet relaxing dinner, and indeed that is what we got. The dining room only had about 3 other parties, one of which was a large party. Our male server was extremely attentive although his female helper could have been a little nicer when offering to refill our teas and sodas and could have handled the utensils and dishes a lot more quieter and gentler. My boyfriend had been here once before and thoroughly enjoyed his Gamblers Cut (14 oz. $22), medium. This time he said it was tougher than he'd like. The rest of us got the Orleans Cut (10 oz. $18), medium rare, and they all tasted great. The prime rib is served already laying in its own au jus on the plate while the horseradish sauce and sides like sauteed mushrooms (extra charge) and garlic mashed potatoes were on separate small dishes. We each also had the option of soup or salad. The garlic mashed potatoes arrived plain with table-side service to add bacon, chives and sour cream (complementary). It didn't taste like it was out of the box as a previous Yelper stated in their May review, and I actually saw a potato hair or two in it (that's what proves they're real!)...wonder if the restaurant had changed this. The only hiccup we had was the steamed clams appetizer we ordered was too salty. I thought my mom was exaggerating or being picky but we all tasted it and agreed it was too unbearable to eat. We sent it back and our server apologized, agreed it was too salty and suggested perhaps they weren't washed properly. He offered to bring out another batch but we chose the fresh grilled artichoke instead - this appetizer was so good we actually ordered two orders! Also almost forgot to add, they serve a basket of delicious bread and whipped butter in the beginning. We can't wait to return - great value for the quality of prime rib, and off-strip so that you're away from the dinnertime hustle and bustle. We also won a few hundred dollars playing a Wheel of Fortune slot machine on the way out of The Orleans ;)
1	Whatever you do, DO NOT order the seafood sampler! The ceviche was a small cup with two shrimp with some chopped up looked like shredded chicken underneath. There is also 1 crab leg, yes 1, an oyster, and I lucked out with 1 rotten clam. Unfortunately, I didn't realize it was rotten until it was in my mouth. Yeah awesome. They thankfully took that off of my bill but the prime rib was ehhhh for the price.
2	Nothing special!  I had the prime rib 10 oz cut and it was ok.  It is not the best prime rib I had.  Waitress was sloppy.  Ice tea took forever to get to the table.   Refill never showed up.  Clams did not taste all that great. So probably will try someplace new next time.
4	Between the food, service, and price, this place is fantastic. We ate at the bar and had their steak special. For $25, I had a ribeye (cooked perfectly to my request ), baked (or mashed) potato, a couple of  shrimp, sauteed green beans, and salad. It won't be the best steak you ever had but tasty.
4	I recently visited this restaurant for the first time and was both pleasantly surprised by the food quality and utterly dismayed over the attitude of our server.  The restaurant is truly a "loft", located upstairs inside the Orleans Hotel and accessible either by stairway or elevator.  I was running late for my reservation and they were able to accommodate happily, adjusting somewhat my reservation by 15 minutes.  That, however, is almost where the great service stopped.Overall, the main dining area approximates elegance, but there were many families dining with children and the prices aren't exorbitant.  The prime rib is available in several cuts, escalating in size and price.  Steaks are also available and all is cooked to order.  The night I visited they had a special for a smallish steak and two lobster tails for a very reasonable price.  In addition to a complimentary bread mix there are also several appetizers available - we ordered the stuffed mushroom caps and they were good but not great.The only real negative for me was our server.  After asking the fantastic busboy about our cocktail order, we were directed to ask our server.  The restaurant has a full bar, but there is only a wine and beer list available at the table, so no mention of specialty cocktails.  When our waiter arrived he was unshaven and dour.  When I asked if they could make a Bahama Mama (a fairly common rum cocktail), the waiter stared blankly and said he'd never heard of it.  He did inquire and they were able to make the drinks, but our waiter never once smiled or engaged us in any way other than the most perfunctory of requests required to get our orders.  Basically, his attitude was a wet blanket on what otherwise would have been a really fine meal.  While I can eagerly recommend the restaurant, I would also request other seating if this guy was ever our server again.
5	Love this little hidden gem! Good prime rib for really good prices!!!! A must go when in town.
5	I've tried to find a "steak house" I like for many years. I've tried them all -Morton's, Ruth's, Fleming, some independents, and all the usuals. NONE even come close to Prime Rib Loft. And the crazy part is, I've been going to the Orleans Hotel for years and never even knew this place was upstairs. The wine, artichoke, salad, meat, garlic mashed, desserts, service - all the best I've found at a "steak house". The meat was flavorful and tender. And the fact that all the other things that go along with it were great too makes this place a real winner!
1	This place is a joke. The bread was cold and they only gave us one cup of butter for 4 people to share. We had to ask 3 times for extra butter. The "medium rare" prime rib was mostly medium in the middle and was too tough to eat. The garlic mashed potatoes were not even hot when they came out and already had a stale film on the exterior. The service was appalling. I had to beg for refills and the check. I will never come back here.
1	Zero stars... Horrible  bland food,  no appearance what  so ever  was not tasteful.  Server was extremely rude,  for our date night,  what a total waste of  $109.79.. I wish we had  played  slots with the  $ and we don't gamble.  Grade F.  Management clueless!!!
2	Several years ago we dined a few times at this restaurant and were not impressed, but I had points to burn and the current menu indicated 21-day, dry aged beef is now being served so we (actually I) decided to give it one more try - silly me.  Entrees include a choice of potato and salad with my wife choosing garlic mashed that were puree like and garlic-lite.  My baker with sour cream was better.  The salads were primarily iceberg lettuce that had been topped with diced tomatoes, a couple of olives and red onion tossed in for good measure and dressed with bottled blue cheese.  Though our slabs of cow were served medium rare as requested, it took a Herculean effort to just to cut them into bite sized pieces.  Our server seemed to be on auto pilot and never once stopped by to inquire if we need anything or had concerns.  This was proved to be by far the most disappointing meal of our entire 14 day vacation.
4	we have eaten here many times. We like to stay at the Orleans because we find the gambling more generous than other casinos on the Strip. We would not go back as many times as we have (over a dozen) if their food and service were not top notch.  I have ever had a bad meal here. I do usually order the smallest cut of Prime Rib, but my dining companions have ordered around the menu and have had no complaints. My only complaint?  I never have had room to try dessert!
4	Their prime rib was so good!
4	Really liked this place - upstairs and out of the way from the Casino floor at the Orleans Hotel - see my review for the Orleans here - http://www.yelp.com/biz/orleans-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-2?hrid=vTE6wKknvjq_4Mf_crpTpQSo back to this place - a bit smaller but able to handle groups pretty easily, fully stocked bar with great service On the night I visited with my group of 10 people we were sat quickly on a Saturday night at 8pm - having a reservation helped though but they weren't so crowded that we were stuck waiting. Food service was quick and food was great - everyone in the group was happy.Pricing is great as well and affordable - this is defiantly a place to come to eat
4	This place is so good! Easy to get in, service is good and food is always excellent. Tonight, had a couple of seafood platters for appetizers, one clam, one oyster, three shrimp, three crab legs (very tiny), and bowl seafood ceviche. It was all very good, but I put too much horseradish in my cocktail sauce and lets just say my sinuses are cleared up!For my entree I love their beef filets with crab meat! Tender, cooked well, good flavor! My husband always gets the prime rib, tonight blackened, not my favorite but it was very good.For a good prime rib, steak, even filet of beef oscar, great service this is the place to go!
4	If you like meat and potatoes, this place is for you. Good meat and sides for a decent price. The ambiance is calm and dark. It's in an area above and apart from the casino hustle-bustle. A good option for a romantic night out.
4	Four of us family members decided to eat out for Christmas and we chose Prime Rib Loft.  We did need to make reservations.  Nice restaurant,   Very friendly staff and our waitress was very attentive to our needs.  The prime rib was VERY tender, moist and tasty, not to mention we received ample portions.  Three of us chose the baked potato and it was very good.  I was impressed with the potato because it was not only tasty but it was actually cooked all the way through.  Prices are fair for the portions.  Try this place, you won't be sorry!
3	Whenever we're in Las Vegas we make it a point to dine at the Prime Rib Loft. In my opinion the food is always delicious and the price is just right. However, more attention to customer service needs to be had. Without going into much detail, the hostess needs to be trained to be a bit more professional and cater to reasonable customer request. Overall, the experience was fine. Looking for improvements in the months to come.
