5	Great spot for a Prime Ribeye. The service rocks as does the food time after time. I had a bunch of ladies from the Bay Area in town and so being the Big Baller I am I took them here for dinner. We started with Dom and oysters (can't ever go wrong with Dom and oysters) the n on to the stuffed quail and a cheese plate for apps. Now mind you we were a bit intox. so we were probably high maintenance but the staff took very good care of us. Our drinks whether it be cocktails, water or wine were never empty and every time someone got up to go to the bathroom (which was frequent as we were partayin a little especially towards the end of the meal) our napkin was collected and folded neatly and left in its place. We all ordered steaks and a few of us split a 3 lb. lobster. Everything was fuckin incredible. We ended up drinking a couple of bottles of Quintessa as well as some Silver Oak. The service and the meal really flowed well. We were never waiting for the next thing. One of the best meals I've had in Vegas. I highly recommend it.
5	I still dream about the bone in ribeye I had here.  Best creamed spinach ever (Peter Luger's being #2).  We went on a pretty slow Thurs night so our waiter was cool enough to bring us several samples of the huge wine list they have there at no charge.  I imagine very few places are better than this downtown.  You can't go wrong with this place!!
5	Great service, Friendly staff, and one hell of a good Ribeye.  This place treats you like you're royalty, and I was with my family that aren't exactly high rollers.  It was one of the best meals I've ever had regardless of the price, which is much more of a bargain compared to Chris Ruth's or any other top steakhouse.  I'll be back for sure.
5	And you thought Downtown Las Vegas was a place for cheap drinks, thrills, gambling and titty bars.This place rivals most of the fine dining places on the strip and the pricing is actually very reasonable for the caliber of food. The portions are very large and the service is very fast and friendly. The atmosphere is dark and very intimate though there are spots in the middle perfect for casual dining, if you take your significant other then make sure you get a table along the walls of the place for an even nicer experience.I would recommend a good cut of steak, the veal or the big 25 oz rib eye is the way to go. Pair it with a Pinot Noir and the lobster bisque soup. If you are not a meat fan ( you really shouldnt go to this place then ) but seriously if you just are not feeling steak then i would definitely get the jumbo shrimp and crab cakes.I would definitely recommend this place, it is also a great last minute nice place to eat just in case you forgot to make plans or need a place to impress with little or no time advance or reservations.
2	Lordy, they try hard here. I adore them for that. The service was attentive and friendly.But sadly, this is a mediocre steak house. A little better than Binion's, which has gone downhill since the casino was sold, but compared to the vast selection of other carnivore feeding-troughs in town, this is only a few dozen notches above a Sizzler. I mean where's the damn kobe?My medium rare ribeye was delivered medium. The steak fries, which I asked them to double-fry, were the best thing of the night. The wines by the glass were few, and uninspired.As I continue to do my tour of the steakhouses in Las Vegas with the goal of definitively finding the top 5, this one is not even in the running.
4	Food wise, this place only gets 2 stars. The other 2 came about because I absolutely adore the ambiance of this restaurant, and the service is excellent. I really especially love the music selection (the nights I've come here, they've played 1920's-40's jazz lounge kind of grooves). I had the rack of lamb medium rare, it was the most unflavorful lamb I had ever tasted. The sauce that was supposed to go w/it was horrible. My Grandmum ordered the filet mignon (also, medium rare). It was to die for!!!We also ordered the angel hair pasta (WAY too salty) and the buttered broccoli (very bland). As many gripes as I had with most of the food we were served, there are also many reasons why I would come back. I will stick to fliet mignon and a bottle of wine for now on however, to ensure my visit is just fabulous!   :)
5	This being the first time I'd ever staying in Downtown Vegas, I had low expectations all around.  However, Vic and Anthony's was amazing--a shining beacon in a land of sad, $7.95 steak dinner offers.  As said by others, this place is comparable to any fine dining place on the strip and the prices are very reasonable.  Our waiter (coincidentally named Anthony) was incredibly helpful and friendly.  My boyfriend and I had wedge salads--huge and very good.  The only thing that would have made them better would have been some bacon.  (But honestly, doesn't everything need a little bacon?)  We then split the ribye and crablegs special.  OMG.  Best. steak. EVER.  It was perfectly cooked and amazingly tasty.  Perfectly seasoned, tender, and had a great beefy taste.  No steak I've ever had (Ruth's Chris, Mortons, Mastro's, Houstons...) was this good--and I love my steak.  Plus, the crablegs were huge!  I can't even imagine the size of the crab who lost his legs for my meal--he must have been the Shaq of crabs.  We also had the creamed spinach, which was good, but not great.  It was very cheesy and a bit spicy--in a good way.  Based on the fact that I came for steak and I was rewarded with the best steak I've ever had, I give Vic and Anthony's 5 stars.
5	My husband and I dined here on our recent trip to Vegas after reading about it on Trip Advisor and we're so glad we did! Even though we were staying at the NY, NY on the Strip, we ventured into the old part of town for this meal at the Golden Nugget. After the $30 cab ride, we kept our fingers crossed that the meal was as great as we'd read about and were not disappointed.Ambience: The restaurant exudes that traditional steak house feeling! The dark wood, leather, and dim lighting made it the perfect environment to enjoy a lovely meal.  They even had very beautiful stained glass ceiling pieces in the area where we were seated that were unlike anything I'd ever seen. The restaurant was busy, but the tables were nicely spaced and my husband and I never felt as though we were being invaded upon by other guests. There was even a large table nearby, but again no issues!Food: We decided to enjoy our bread and butter and also a cup of their lobster bisque which was perfect. Off to a great start! We also ordered two reasonably priced glasses of merlot (recommended by our waiter, Mario) from Washington State.  It was so tasty that we bought a bottle upon our return home and have bookmarked the winery (Sagelands) in our favorites. My husband ordered the rib eye (rare) and I ordered the filet (medium). These steaks have to be among the very best we've ever had, and we've dined at several of the finer steakhouses in the US.  The meat was seasoned perfectly, and so juicy that we savored every bite until the end. We chose the asparagus spears as our veggie to share, and they too were wonderfully seasoned (huge stalks, by the way!) We did look the dessert menu over, and there were many choices that looked appealing but we passed. Service: As others have mentioned, the service was top notch. Our waiter, Mario was friendly, knowledgeable, and visited our table just the right amount of times during our meal. We were so impressed by the quality of his service that we asked to speak to the manager on our way out to share our compliments. Needless to say the manager was concerned at first that something had gone awry with our meal, but was very happy that our first experience had been so positive.Bottom line: While expensive, Vic and Anthony's triumphs over the typical Vegas steak. Make the trip! I know the next time we are in Vegas; we will definitely stop in for a repeat performance.
4	Steak was really really good, I had a hard time finishing the rib eye, probably because we had 3 bottles of red between the 3 us plus a few cognacs.  I rarely ever venture to downtown vegas when I'm in town but its worth going if you end up down there for some reason.
5	Wow!What a meal!  I was there with 3 other guys and we totally feasted! The atmosphere inside was perfect.  It was dimly lit, great pictures on the wall, inside the Golden Nugget and just the perfect MAN CAVE.Big goblets of wine, very attentive staff and the food was excellent.  I suggest the bone-in rib-eye...you will not be disappointed. Typing about it now makes me want to go back.  The sides are huge and enough to share so - if you have a table of four - each of you get different sides so you can try something else.The onion straws, the sauteed mushrooms, the potatoes...all excellent!I love this place and would go back in a heartbeat and would tell everyone to check it out! It's totally worth it!  Plus...you're in Vegas, c'mon! Live a little!!!
4	It deserves the Michelin star and 4 stars from me because they do something a lot of places, with fine meat, don't-- they cook it perfectly. This isn't a tucked away bargain on Freemont, its a destination restaurant. A great guy's place for that one "big meal".  It's not in a league or price range, with Crafsteak, but it could very well be the best steak you eat all year.Yeah, the service was an issue. They were friendly but they delivered our entrees one at a time, while the rest of us were still working on our appetizers.  The apps were fantastic-- here's what I say: They have the best crab cakes on the strip,  topped with a sweet and tangy chive sauce, bold but complimentary to the pure and rich crab. Sensational  The sirrachi quail was ordered as a lark--  I've always wanted to bbq with "the rooster sauce" but, now I actually "get" why they have the rooster on the bottle-- it works with bird amazingly well.  The quail was delicate, juicy and a bit gamey, but the sirrachi glaze was such a strong contrast that every bite was an experience. Excellence! The freshwater oysters were also a hit, they were in fantastic condition, and with a little rock salt sprinkled over them and some seriously coarse pepper, delicious. We also tried the shrimp cocktail which came with about #4 shrimp, huge babies! The sauce was a compote of cherry tomato, chunky garlic pieces, that beautiful coarse black pepper and some sherry. There was a hint of the sarachi in this as well. This is one of the best shrimp cocktails I have ever tried, and it was in my opinion, a value. If a couple were splitting this, it would work as a first course for sure.Now to the steak. I ordered a bone-in rib eye, others in my party also ordered the fillet, the stuffed sea bass (amazing) the stuffed salmon (creative and maybe the standout) the lamb rack (4 to a rack) and of course there's always one...he ordered the chicken. My steak ordered Medium rare was cooked to perfection, lightly seasoned, every bite was juicy and had that tangy-tease on first bite, followed by the deep beef flavor. Magnificent!    And rib eye lovers take note, the meat near the bone was intense, a true sign of proper aging.  It was delicious and I left nothing but the bone.  I tried the stuffed salmon, which was filled with gouda and onion compote, and flakes of fresh herb, it was sensational-- I believe it was cooked on some sort of exotic wood because it had a unique flavor. This is the best salmon I have ever tasted. The cheese, the herbs, and the wood flavor only made the flesh of the perfectly cooked fish blow up, it was raining slamon flavor in my mouth, with dimensions I can't explain-- I want to go back and have this dish!  The sides were of course above average. You don't get a Michelin star for slacking in detail, but I am tired of baby veg, and chunky mash potatoes. but they were very very good. The onion strings, and asparagus (cooked with truffle oil) were fantastic. Also, I really liked the wedge salad. It was huge of course, but the cheese and two types of bacon, house dressing really was impressive, I mean its as if this great sounding salad we've all ordered before came to new life. It's perfected here. Parking: work with the people at the Nugget and you'll have less of a walk.  Service: Knowledgeable, and very friendly, good reccomendations without seeming like they are up-selling. Above average. Young table runners though seem a bit out of whack. Wine service is a true value here.Highly RecommendedPer person with wine, drink, app, salad and entree about $95 with tax.Per glass wine service is generous and reasonable, and they are known for heavy pours.Clean restrooms, and old school decor. Men should wear a "going out shirt" gals dress up here, but there's plenty of clientele going casual on the night I was there, so I can't say any dress code is firm. I'd call.
5	24 Oz. Bone-In Ribeye. Medium Rare! Again, maybe I'm not the Steak Connisseur most of you are who frequent these establishments. I definitely have more of an Asian Fusion Tongue of sorts. But I did love my Bone-In Ribeye from Ruths Chris long ago. I had a great steak at what once was 3950 at Mandalay Bay. And I loved N9ne at Palms.But this experience at Vic & Anthony's was Amazing! Maybe I wasn't expecting much as we were in Downtown Las Vegas, where the entire area just reeks of something so different from the likes of Mandalay Bay, Caesar's Forum Shops or even Restaurant Row down Flamingo. But it's not very difficult to recognize great service, a tasty steak, and some decent ambiance!Like I've mentioned, I had the 24 oz Bone-In Ribeye that just may be the best steak I've ever had! Aged to perfection, and cooked EXACTLY the way I wanted, soft and juicy on the inside, some great seasoning along the outside, especially around the bone. This steak was so good I have been craving another every day since I left there! Also in our party - a Ginormous Lobster, the Sea Bass and a no-bone Ribeye. Everyone was completely satisfied with their entrees as we didn't even get to the asparagus and other sides!Our server was extremely attentive and friendly as she also recommended a great red wine to go with our meal and threw in a couple of desserts for us to share for our birthdays (3 July Birthdays and 1 August Birthday), I thought she went completely out of her way to do that for us, but it totally completed a Great Evening there. The Creme Brulee and Chocolate Cake really did finish off our meal to Perfection!Can't recommend it enough! Another Wonderful Dining Experience with Great friends, Great Food, Great Service!
4	Once again, yelpers did not disappoint!  Based on the reviews, I ordered the bone-in rib-eye, which my partner and I shared.  It was juice and flavorful and even though it was pink and bleeding just a little (which would ordinarily gross us both out), we thoroughly enjoyed it. We very nearly went back the next night to have the identical steak but couldn't justify being in Vegas and not trying another glam restaurant.  (We headed to the Eiffel Tower restaurant instead.)We also ordered the steakhouse fries and the green beans, both of which were not stellar. I was also not impressed with the creme brulee -- not warm enough and just didn't have the kind of flavorful zing to justify all those calories. We're not big wine drinkers and relied on the waiter to suggest something.  He suggested a $20 glass which we passed up so he brought us a taste of the Shiraz instead.  I could swear that the full pour he brought was not the wine we tasted.  In fact, it tasted damn near close to two-buck chuck shiraz.  However the steak was the saving grace.  If I went back, I would have ordered different side dishes and not relied on the waiter for the wine (or get a cocktail instead), but that steak justifies the 4 stars.
5	I visited this place on the recommendation of a colleague.  I dined alone at the bar and everything was excellent.  My only suggestion for improvement is to expand the wine list.  The service was impeccable.  The meal perfect!
5	My brother and I ate here Friday night. We got a reservation for 6:15. We arrived and were promptly seated. Luckily, we got a really cool waitress, Annette. She wasn't stuffy or snobby like some of the waiters at the tables near us. We ordered; fresh water oysters wedge salad with blue cheese crumbles 2 bone in rib-eyes au gratin potatoes asparagus shiner bock tea The oysters were surprisingly good. We'd never tried freshwater before. The wedge salad was basically a half head of lettuce. I wasn't expecting it to be that big. The crumbled blue cheese was really good. The steaks were as big as my head. They were cooked to order, juicy, and delicious. The au gratin potatoes were all right. It tasted like they just melted Velveeta cheese over the top. And the asparagus were cooked just right. Was it expensive? Yes ($200; tip included). Was it worth it? Definitely! I mean, it's not like you do this everyday. And, you're on vacation. So splurge!
5	Took my wife here for her B-day, since we always eat and stay at the newer part of Las Vegas, i decided to try the old school scenery for once. It was well worth it. We ordered the following with stars on the side 1 out of 5.Complimentary Bread w/ garlic butter cream (share) *****Fresh Oyster 2 kinds (Share) ****Asparagus (Share) ****Mash Potato (Share) ***HUGE Australian Lobster Tail (For Her) *****24oz Bone in Rib Eye Steak Medium Rare (For Me) *****A complimentary cake for her B Day and all was smooth and perfect. Thanks V&A for a great time. Took a stroll around old town and back to our 2,000 sqft suite at The Hotel.
4	How do you end up at Vic & Anthony's? I'd have to agree with the other reviewers..... usually a referal; someone tells you about this high-end steakhouse. For me, it was the concierge at our hotel.I was trying to put together a dinner-show package for clients. Trade shows in Vegas usually come up for me around the first quarter of the year. And when entertaining clients, I've got a short list of reliable spots in Vegas for dinner. And it's not just about the food; it's definitely about an enjoyable evening, which has to include a relaxing, and tasteful ambiance. V&A's is all that, and reasonable.In the past, I would have made reservations at Joe's Prime Steak & Stone Crab at the South end of Caesar's Forum Shoppes. But now, I have a very good alternative. And about those "reasonable" prices? Not as high as you might think. For our party of four, a couple cocktails and sodas, two appetizers, the NY strip, a bone-in Ribeye, a salmon entree, a chicken entree, three vegetable sides and a dessert we four split, our bill was about $250. That's very reasonable for a steakhouse meal. Funny thing. When we had been seated for a bit, a group of four young guys came in, sat down, opened the menus........ and then in concert, stood up and walked out. I'm thinking they thought they were in the hotel's cafe? Things that I really like about this hotel restaurant...... it's easy access, just inside the East side valet entrance to the hotel. The servers are formal, but very accomodating and non-intimidating. The atmosphere is really casual, and the food is very good. Even if I'm by myself, I'll consider getting my next Vegas meal here. And I don't like eating by myself, but for their steaks I'd break that rule.
4	The steaks are seasoned to perfection, so tasty. The lobster tail is huge. You probably could feed two to three hungry people. The service is second to none. For dessert you gotta try carrot cake and the pecan ball.
5	Special thanks to Chef Rodriguez for his gracious hosptality and most wonderful meal. @Vic_n_Anthonys steakhouse located in downtown #Vegas' newly renovated Gold tower at the @GoldenNuggetLV Hotel & Casino We had a reservation for 7pm and were seated immediately. The dining room was very elegant with beautiful stained glass ceiling, formal settings with low mood lighting. The waiter came out promptly introducing himself and welcoming us with a full description of the evenings menu and specials that were currently being offered. The evenings specials were the Lobster live from the tanks and Kobe steak heated to liking on a hot salt tablet prepared tableside VERY COOL!! We ordered drinks a couple apps and a steak dinner and a couple desserts. The apps came out quickly-a crab cake like NO other. light and crispy full of crab covered in crab with a sauce I'm not sophisticated enough to describe but the fact I DO NOT eat seafood and I licked the plate clean here says it ALL!! WOW!! The other appetizer Maple Glazed Quail was alot like chicken drumettes but lighter tastier with a wonderful combination of greens+tomatoes with another indesribeable sauce:) YUM What a way to get started!!! We could hardly wait to try the steak. 16oz prime strip cooked medium-rare:) and of course a baked potato loaded with butter&sour cream!! Thats me Mr Meat & Potatoes;) BEST STEAK EVER!!! I have only been to a handful of places that even offer steaks costing more than $20 so I have limited experience here but this was by far and away the best steak I have EVER had. Melt in your mouth delicious!! Oh and the potato wasn't bad either lol :) After this amazing meal -Chef Rodriguez came out to thank us for coming in and then we talked about his visits to some of the #Vegas restaurants he had visited during his stay concluding there's so much to discover and it's such a fun and tasty adventure. To our surprise the Chef presented us dessert--Cheesecake with blueberries and sauce and croissant bread pudding w/ice cream and lots of lil extras that just took it over the TOP:) The desserts were GREAT but after taking home the bread pudding and trying it the NEXT day it seemed even BETTER What a wonderful dining experience-pleasant atmosphere, truly fantastic personal service, and the food was to die for. I would recommend it to EVERYONE and if you are on Death Row(Texas reference) and have to select your LAST MEAl-If you wanna feel that feeling like you've REALLY lived now-ORDER it from Vic & Anthony's!!
3	I would have no idea this place existed if it weren't for my boyfriends friends suggesting to eat there.We had a group of 16 but for some reason we had 2 tables next to each other I never really interacted with other table.My filet mignon was a bit salty, but the mac and cheese was good.I'm surprised our server was putting up with us.I'm not one visit this steak house again.
2	idk what it is about steak...steak is just, well, steak.  maybe it's because i'm not a steak connoisseur, but it all tastes similar to me. (don't beat me with a stick!)  yes, the steak was good.  yes, the broccoli was good.  even the mashed potatoes were yummy.  but nothing spectacular or outstanding happened in my mouth.  this place seemed so ritzy, glamorous, and super fine dining but when it came to the food, it was just...ok.  is it bad that i came here expecting something more?  my dad and my brother seemed to have the same reaction as me so maybe not.
4	Great meal; great steakhouse. Loved the steak & side dishes. I had the 8oz fillet Mignon and appetizer of raw oysters & a side of broccoli. My only complaint is that the waiter was not friendly, nor unfriendly, he also did not warn us about the size of the side dishes. Our group of 6 ordered 5 and were overwhelmed. We expected better of the waiter. Otherwise it would of been a 5 star. Though, other tables seemed to have had better staff serving them. We will try them again on our next trip to Vegas
5	Was there in March with some friends, excellent steak, also had the mac & cheese, that was good too.  My friends had the shrimp, which I was told was also good.  We went out on Freemont Street after and had a great time.
5	I make it a point to get down to Freemont street to eat at V&A every single time I'm in Vegas (about twice a year).  They never fail to prepare steaks, chops and fish to perfection!  But the real charm is the service, they are formal and old school, the wait staff and bar staff know what they are doing, they are prompt with food and drink and don't steer you wrong when you have questions.  The wine list is fantastic as well.  The dark paneled atmosphere and big leather chairs make you comfortable to sit down and enjoy your meal.  This past visit (5/3/10) was no exception, we were dining with clients and part of our group was running way behind.  The hostess was able to work with us on our reservation and we happily split the time difference between the bar and munching on apps at the table, again perfect!  This is a steakhouse not to be missed!
4	Absolutely incredible steak and a great meal overall. The Golden Nugget had a ad in the room that you can take the restaurant where you get an appetizer (I got the Wedge Salad), main course (8oz  filet mignon and mash potatoes for me) and a desert (Went with the chocolate cake) for less than $50, a great deal. It was one of the best steaks I've ever eaten, no joke. The side that you get is more than enough for two people, so my wife and I ordered two different sides, she got the creamed spinach, both were excellent. The service of course is top notch. I didn't eat much of the desert, not only because I was really full from the meal, but the chocolate cake was really too rich for me. However, I loved the steak so much, I could have cared less about the cake!It is pricey of course, but if you're staying on Fremont and want to go all out for one a great meal, this is a good spot to do it!
5	The last time my father in-law was in town, he went to Vic & Anthony's with a friend and enjoyed it so much, he needed to go back...I was a little hesitant going to a steakhouse as my last few experiences have been bleh sides and grumpy waiters.First, the atmosphere is perfect. We sat at the bar as the 4 of us were very causal. Very comfortable bar stools, spacious, nice dark lighting, perfect old music...The portions are huge so be careful of over ordering as we did. The broiled portabella was juicy and tasty. The caprese salad was very well prepared. The tower of chips and onion strings were ok (the chips were better, but a gigantic portion of onion strings)Next came the wedge salad. They cut it in half for my husband and I to split, and my plate alone was a huge dinner portion salad! Very crisp fresh iceberg lettuce and they served it on a chilled plate! Very smart touch.Finally, my husband and I split sides: Broccoli, creamed corn, grilled asparagus, and the baked potato no bacon. Again, huge sides. But all very good and very fresh. No microwave tasting potato or rubbery canned corn here.OH I forgot another fantastic part. The Pinot Noir from Oregon is fantastically smooth. The cheese platter is delicious. Its pricey though.... says market price on the menu so ask if you are interested. Ours came out to $27 I think, but they gave us a variety of 8 cheese (good portions of each), honeycomb, seasonal, sweet blueberries and blackberries, and dried sugared orange rinds. Perfect spread to construct many tasty little cheese breads.Will be back... great romantic spot for couples!
5	Vic and Anthony's is one of the finest steakhouses in the country.  The food is exceptional and the prices are VERY reasonable.  I went with 10 guys and we all ate and drank for around $75 a man with tax and tip.  This was for a bachelor party too, so there were pleant of drinks served with that tab.  My only regret is no gettig the rock lobster tail to split for the table.  Being in the golden nugget reall sets the scene.  The atmosphere inside the restaurant is great as well.  Service was 5 star also.  This is a must do while in Vegas.  Many people forget how fun old town can be and V&A's is worth the trip alone.  Don't miss out on the crab cakes either!Can't wait to go back.
5	We have celebrated our anniversary dinner here 3 out of the last 4 years and it is nothing less than divine.
5	I love this place!!!! It was a little harder to find and on the expensive side but it is worth every penny. GREAT steak and seafood too, you know it's good when everyone at the table loves their food and you can't pick out a favorite.
4	good restaurant with very good food and very  good service i would like to eat here again i think it's one of the better Steakhouses in las vegas it's expensive but it's worth it.
5	This is the place to visit when you have quality service and quality food. The steak was excellent; beautifully marbled and perfectly grilled. The side dishes were delicious and so was the dessert. Everything served at my dinner table was top notch. The service, excellent; my glass was not fully empty when someone would immediately come by to see if I wanted a refill. If you want the best steak, you will have to visit the Golden Nugget and go to Vic & Anthony's!
2	My sister and I went here a while back and I can't say that I was blown over by the experience. First off, let me say that the ambiance and service in this restaurant is impeccable. I wasn't crazy about being seating right next to the kitchen, but that's what you get for being two gals out on the town rather than a romantic couple in embrace. ;) I ordered the bone-in rib eye, and my sister got the boneless rib eye. For sides we had the broccoli and the mashed potatoes. The sides were fantastic, and the steaks were well prepared, but they just seemed to be lacking in quality. They were a little tough and just didn't have much flavor, which is what I go to a steakhouse for. I would actually try this place again, just to try their enormous lobster tails that you see on display in the front of the restaurant. And because it was a wonderfully run place. Maybe next time, I'll go for the prime rib and maybe it'll be better than the rib eye.
5	Seriously one of the better steakhouses that I have been too! We had a coupon in our check in booklet for $46.95 per person! What a deal and it's soooo worth the money!!! I started off with the wedge salad, it was huge! Literally a half of head of iceberg lettuce! The blue cheeses dressing was very good! I ordered the filet for my main dish and the au gratin potatoes for my side, the filet was cooked to perfection it was so tender and had huge flavor!!! The au gratin potatoes were insane and huge portion, you could split! I had the bread pudding for dessert, wow!! It was made with crossiants, and when I heard that I thought crossiants?? That's werid, whatever I'll try it! What a great choice it was delicious! Two huge slices served with a Carmel ice cream! Service was great the food came out fast, i highly reccomend this place!
4	A great treasure for me to find. I love this place . If you love .It was in the Golden Nugget Casino. I had the lamb chops wich  were cooked to perfection. and my friend had the sole wich was great. It was expensive ,but well worth it service was great and ,I FELT LIKE ONE OF THE SOPRANO'S ACTORS WERE GONNA COME INTO THE JOINT AT MINUTE.
5	OMG~ We had the most amazing meal at this steakhouse.  Perhaps because I was not expecting much, or perhaps it was the great company I was with, but I HIGHLY recommend Vic & Anthony's.  The appetizers, main dishes, drink menus, wine list were all impeccable.  It was a truly memorable meal that still makes my mouth water....
3	Meh
4	Fantastic place nestled in the hallway of the Golden Nugget.  This place used to be a place called Zacks or Zax...can't remember that far back.  Good service.  Nice seating.  Great Frank Dean and the rest music.  You know.  The music that Mom and Dad used throw on the Motorola 33 and 1/3 turntable console model and then after a couple martinis were all over each other?  Yeah that good ol' "The Best is Yet to Come" Sinatra singing while they serve an outstanding New York.  Too bad it isn't Zacks.  They had the best Chimmy Churry Sauce I have EVER had.
5	Choosing Vic & Anthony's over the plethora of other great Vegas steakhouses wasn't easy.  I'm sure many, if not all, of the other options would have been great as well, but we were very pleased with our choice.  The service was absolutely wonderful and the food was amazing (me the filet, her the crab/lobster/filet combo special).  We'll be tempted to try another Vegas steakhouse the next time around for a new experience, but we may well end up back at Vic & Anthony's because it was so great.Our only complaint (and it's a big one) is that the Golden Nugget valet was full (at 7p) and the parking garage was one of the worst we've ever experienced (long delays, nearly full, expensive (though V&A's validates), with a slow/crappy elevator, and stairwells that lock behind you, preventing you from re-entering the garage!  But since parking isn't the restaurant's fault, we won't ding them for that.
5	I think this place is great try the bone in rib eye price is high but you get what you pay for.
5	Delicious food. I had the sea bass and my husband had the bone in rib-eye.  Fabulous!
5	I've been to some of the best steakhouses in the states and this one takes the cake. Service was amazing always making sure you are well taken care of. I had the bone in rib eye and it blew me away, my wife had the three pound Maine lobster which I helped eat which was great. The apptizers were awesome being from Florida we get good seafood but the oysters rockefeller omg it was the best I ever tasted, the wife had lobster bisque I sopped up every bit with the bread on the table. If your looking to take your wife to a intimate dinner this is were I would go.
4	Good atmosphere for you and a date . Food here is pricey but it's all good.  I enjoyed the sea food options and they had great sides. Started at the bar while waiting, drinks here were average to LV pricing $10+ for a mixed drink.  Awesome big band music was playing throughout the whole establishment . Siting was quick even on a Saturday night.  Food here was excellent great sides which help add texture to the meal and really elevate the meal itself. All in all between two the total was less than $100 before tip with soup appetizer and two entree's .
5	Ok, I'm a carbs girl. So going here was extremely important for me cuz I need some good carbs to go with my dang steak cowboy. LOL Au gratin, au gratin, au gratin potatoes, how I luv you so. And the bread is flippin' amazing. Oh yeah, all of the steaks are phenomenal! You gotta get the creme brulee for dessert to share cuz it's huge just like the potatoes. One downfall is the fact that you have to kinda walk through the entire casino to use the ladies room, so make sure you go before you're seated.
5	This steak house is my all time favorite. The food is delicious and the $49 3 course meal is a great deal.
4	Our experience here was that of an average steak house, comparable to Ruth's Chris. Except Ruth's Chris has better calamari. Sorry.Maybe it was the high expectations from the raving reviews, maybe people who reviewed have been to the Outback too many times, I don't know, but Vic & Anthony's, while good, didn't stand out at all.Like a good steakhouse, they're going to give you a black napkin if you have black pants on. They're going to put it on your lap for you. They're going to expect you to use your forks and knives in the right order and take them away as the courses progress. The steaks are going to be about $30-$50 bucks. You're going to order sides to share. Your steak is going to be served on a hot plate and they're going to tell you to cut it in half to make sure it's served correctly. It's going to taste well seasoned and melt in your mouth.This.... I can get anywhere. So is there anything else that makes me want to come here rather than any other steak house? No.The only note of originality here is that the wedge salad is huge (too big, really). The Prime Ribeye is also A LOT OF MEAT. The Au Gratin potatoes are covered in a Velveeta-like cheese that sticks to your mouth and sits like a rock in your stomach. Not in a good way.They have a good wine list and I recommend the Cab/Syrah wine by the glass if you're leaning in that direction.Still giving it four stars because there's nothing to really complain about... the food was good, the service was boring but standard... there's just nothing to rave about. For $150 bucks we were pretty well fed, but I'd rather have spent it somewhere else.
5	My theme of this review is a shout out to my boy Drake because it's one of  "The Best I Ever Had" and you'll read why.Located in the most unpretentious hotel, not on the glamorous side of the Strip, Vic & Anthony's is a hidden gem within a hidden gem.  Sure, I was apprehensive but V&A's is Michelin rated, granted it's just one star but, that's one more than most of the restos on the Strip.First off, do your research, check out their menu on the Golden Nugget website and make reservations.  They offer a prix fixe menu, which is a super deal.  It comes with your choices of soup or salad to start, three entrees to choose from, a selection of sides and a dessert to share.  For $46.95 per person, it's a super deal.  If you calculate it, between two people, you're getting one side and the dessert for free.  However, you have to know to order this PF deal, as it will not be listed on the menu nor will they offer it to you.  Think of it as an exclusive secret society menu...mwahaha!However to start,  we ordered the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, which seriously had to be the,  "Best CC I Ever Had."  Why do I say that?  Well, it was jam packed with pieces of lump crab just as the name states, not crab shreds, crab filler or krab with a k.The s/o and I had the Lobster Bisque, which was truly rich and creamy with bits of lobster in it.  We both literally licked our respective bowls and used pieces of bread to clean the bowls!  This LB was the,  "Best LB I Ever Had."I was going to order the Sea Bass but the s/o gave me a dirty look about ordering seafood at a steakhouse.  I'm just not a fan of Filet Mignon and it's thick cut but, the s/o's right, it IS a steakhouse.  However to my delight, the FM was so tender, juicy and flavorful.  Hmm...V&A has made me a believer, maybe I've just had crappy FM in the past?  So again, this was the "Best FM I Ever Had."We both got a choice of side, which is big enough for 2-3 people to share.  We ordered the Creamed Spinach and Au Gratin Potatoes.  Both were not necessarily the, "Best I Ever Had" but both were quite delicious.For dessert, we choose the Croissant Bread Pudding.  Wow, there's something about the elegance of a croissant that just made this bread pudding like no other.  Instead of being flat and heavy, it was just the opposite.  The side of ice cream was a pure delight.  So, was this the "Best Bread Pudding I Ever Had?"  Damn right!The service was truly outstanding!  From the hostess, to our server and other wait staff.  My only thing was that the restaurant was really dark, or maybe my eyes are just going bad?V&A is top notch and is worth skipping the toney Strip restos.  And in closing, I'm ending this review the same way Drake ended his song, "Best I Ever Had,""See this is the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody, make sure it's that special somebody...."
5	The filet mignon was among the five best steaks of my life. My wife had the best seabass she's ever eaten.  The atmosphere is romantic but not stuffy or overly formal.  The service is good (thanks Dennis) the drinks are reasonably priced ($6 beer) and the entrees fetch standard steakhouse prices of around $40 for a steak. The sides are nice but the creamed spinach could more accurately be described as cheese with a bit of spinach. The pear salad was amazing and the potatoes Lyonnaise were great too. I'm a steak lover and the filet was really outatanding. It had a nice flavor as if it had been seasoned or marinated, but the taste complemented rather than overpowered the meat. The filet wasn't so heavy that I felt like I was biting into a cow.   I would dine here again in a heartbeat.
4	I had the 24oz Ribeye and it was great. Service we excellent and the prices were as expected. This is still not one of the best steakhouses but if your in Vegas and you love steak you have to try this place. Stripsteak and Gallaghers are better but this place was still very very good.
4	VERY GOOD FOOD! This is the second time coming here. We decided to eat here before the Gordie brown show (Which was awesome by the way) at the golden nugget. This place is very good and super nice. I liked that they made my buddy take off his hat, respectable..... I like that. This place would get 5 Stars but I think the price is a little high for what you get. None the less I would eat here again and both the steak and seafood was AWESOME here.
4	ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE AUSTRALIAN LOBSTER TAIL.  Can never find the same size any where else!!!Had reservations, but ended up waiting an hour!!!!!!  ..... minus 1 star.
5	The bone-in ribeye had the best flavor and texture of steak I have ever had. Being a native Houstonian, I've had my share of steak! I ordered my ribeye medium rare (which at Vic & Anthony's is nice and pink) and it literally melted in my mouth. I hardly had to chew--it just melted! The steak cuts like a tender piece of meat, but when it hits your mouth is it truly similar to the texture of butter. Unbelievable. I never quite understood what people meant by comparing foods to butter, until I tasted Vic & Anthony's steaks. The meat isn't overly seasoned or overly salted---its a perfect balance (maybe just a dash of salt and pepper) with a quality cut of meat. When you taste a steak from Vic & Anthony's, you are tasting the meat in its best form--not covered up with a bunch of spices and seasonings. Simplicity at its finest!Be careful though---once you eat there, you'll have risen the bar so high on good eats, that you may have a hard time tolerating food from other Las Vegas eateries. No matter where we went, nothing we ordered compared to the experience of our Vic & Anthony's meal. The asparagus and the mushrooms were wonderful accompaniments. The asparagus was medium-sized, lightly seasoned and al dente. The mushrooms tasted like they were tossed in a wine sauce of some sort. Served sauteed and whole, these mushrooms were firm and absolutely delicious! A fun appetizer to order is the steak tartare. Delicate and whimsical, the steak tartare is served with a mildly spicy ground mustard, chips and an egg yolk in the center (which becomes like a rich sauce when you break it open). A slab of salt that resembled marble was used as a platter for this appetizer, which added some light salty flavor and lots of fun to this dish. The decor inside Vic & Anthony's is dim, warm, soothing and elegant--as is the music playing in the background. Be sure to check out the photography on the walls, as they are all tributes to Las Vegas history. Beautiful restaurant, and excellent food. You are making a huge mistake if you miss out on Vic & Anthony's!
5	I just got back from one of my best steak dinners ever.  When I arrived, I was seated on a great table close to the bar where I can sit on one of their cool leather chairs and watch the NFL Draft at the same time.The decor is totally awesome, a cross between the Capital Grille and Craftsteak.  It is furnished like an old school steakhouse with deep rich cherry woods and leather chairs but with beautiful trendy stained glass ceilings and low mood lighting....very sexy.I love this type of steakhouse....truly a Frank Sinatra hangout with Suits, Steaks, Whiskey and Cigars.My meal began with their delicious warm sourdough bread and their incredible lobster bisque.  The bisque was super creamy and spicy....one of the best that I have ever had.For dinner, I ordered a bone-in rib eye steak and a side of sea salt fries.The steak was super tender and juicy with the right amount of marbling.The fries was a perfect side with the great steak.For desert, I had their famous croissant bread pudding with ice cream and a toffeestick.....super sweet and good.Vic and Anthony's is one of the best steak houses that I have been to in the U.S.The decor and ambience is sexy and romantic.......the service is outstanding.  I felt like a celebrity......the hostess and waitress made me feel as if i was the only customer in  the restauarnt.  The Mgr. came by my table a couple of times to check on me and when I left, they comped my desert and gave me a complimentary glass of cabernet franc to finish my meal.I came in my pants twice.......it was that good.  No sex needed for a week....I am so satisfied!I can see why they are a Michelin rated steakhouse and was voted as one of top 10 steakhouses in the country.I wish there was a V@A in California and NY!
5	Truly one of the best steak and lobster restaurants in the world!  If you order a steak and lobster to share and ask them to present family style they do all the work and remove the lobster meat from shell and slice the steak into bite size strips, they so spoil you!  Awesome sides and wine selection.Wayne Gorsek
5	This was one of the best, if not the best, surf and turf dinners I have ever had... my filet was amazing and the lobster was sweet and prepared perfectly!  We had the steakhouse salad before dinner, and it was to die for! The restaurant itself is full of swank, lots of wood and leather with low lighting. The wine list was great and the service was awesome. The waiter went above and beyond for our party and brought out a dessert sampler that was amazing! Even the after dinner cappuccino I had was great!! Unbelievably awesome meal!
5	The best steaks expensive but worth it  very large portions that can be shared we have tried many prime steak houses in town this rates with cut and envy
4	Went to visit our favorite steakhouse on our trip with friends last week, and again failed to disappoint.We've tried most steakhouses in Vegas over the years, and this is definitely the one that is most consistently amazing...The older arrogant, and a little rude waiter was a surprise this time, but he still got the job done with a little prodding.Must haves are the bone-in Ribeye, and the Australian Lobster Tail. My wife's 8 ounce fillet cooked medium was also amazingly tender and juicy.You must also have the Wild Mushroom side, and the creamed spinach and the asparagus is awesome...Calamari starter was great too.Wine is a little pricey, as is the food, so be prepared for that..2 cheaper bottles of wine and food for 6 was $900 with tip but the food is great..Look forward to my next trip.
5	This place has so many good reviews already, but let me just try to further persuade whoever is deciding if they should go to Vic & Anthony's for a good piece of meat and excellent service. I took my family here for my mom's birthday on a Sunday night.  A party of five.  We arrived fifteen minutes late from our reservation.  We had to wait for a couple minutes and were seated shortly after.  I love the mahogany decor and the dimmed lighting - very romantic.  Our server, Victor, was very nice.  I was skeptical of his nicety at first - thinking he is going to try to sell me the most expensive item on the menu.  As it turns out, he kind of knew what he was talking about.  He recommended a promotional red wine, which our party loved.  The boyfriend ordered a bombay sapphire, and he liked it.  (He then finished up the bottle of red wine also.)  For appetizer, we had the steak tartar, the infamous crab cake, and a dozen of the fresh oysters.  All were delicious except for the crab cake.  Not that the crab cake had anything wrong with it, but it was "a crab cake with an edge" to quote the boyfriend.  It was chunky crab meats, which is always a plus, but it didn't have as much flavor to it as I would have liked.  So go ahead, give it a shot if crab cakes are your thing.  It was by no mean terrible.  The steak tartar was very fresh - no one got sick afterward.  The oysters - almost comparable to those served in Santa Monica, CA. Our group shared a caesar salad and the spinach salad (recommended by Victor), and they were also delicious.  The spinach salad triumphs the caesar, however, in my humble opinion.  The spinach salad is tossed with this honey vinaigrette, that is to die for, really.  It is a very flavor dressing but not one that weighs down your palette.  It leaves a fresh, light, summery feel to your mouth after each bite.  We also tried the lobster bisque, and it was also very good.  However, Joe's Stonecrab at the Forum Shop might have a slightly better one - just slightly... Onto the entrees!!!  We had the bone-in ribeye - medium rare, prime ribeye - medium, organic lamb chop - medium rare, and the shrimp scampi.  The bone-in ribeye was to die for!  I mean, the meat literally melted in my mouth!!  The perfect texture and temperature - I couldn't believe that I had found a better place for ribeye (Flemin's and Joe's was previously my favorite.)  The prime ribeye was good, but maybe because it was cooked to the temperature of medium, it made the texture a bit tougher than I'd like, but still very good.  As for the lamb chops - I don't personally like lamb chops, but I had a bite, and to my little knowledge with lamb chop, it was passable.  The boyfriend had the lamb chops, and he killed it - finishing it by picking up the rib and torn what was left off on the bone.  Lastly, the shrimp scampi was good, but I think by the time we tried the shrimp, we were so full.  What was interesting with this shrimp scampi was the sauce - it was of a spicy tomato sauce, which was very good with the fresh ciabatta bread they serve throughout our meal.  We also had the wild mushrooms and mac and cheese as sides.  No one, except the boyfriend, liked the wild mushrooms.  Mac and cheese was okay...  Nothing special. We didn't have dessert since we had cake at home, but they do have the largest scotch menu I have ever seen.  Last but not least, I promise to wrap this up, the service there is great!!!  I mean, I am a true believer of good, friendly customer service.  If they serve good food, but terrible service, I wouldn't see the point to come back.  Our glasses were always filled, and Victor was so honest about what was good (or maybe the menu just didn't have anything bad...)  Anyways, the service is what made me give this place the fifth star. I hope I have convinced those who want to come to Vic & Anthony's but are skeptical of going downtown to the Golden Nugget thinking how could downtown has good steaks to offer.  I was skeptical once, but now I am a true believer.  I would definitely come back to Vic & Anthony's.  Enjoy!!!
5	I have lived in Vegas for over 20 years and  this is without a doubt the best steak house in Vegas. The service is unbelievable, the wine list will blow you away, and the food is incredible!  Go eat, drink wine and enjoy.
4	Yum! My boyfriend was very sweet to take me here during a dinner break while we were at The Golden Nugget. We don't usually go to downtown LV, but it's actually pretty cool! Anyway... this steakhouse is great! We ordered: Crabcake appetizer -Yumm, it's basically all crab meat and no filler. Totally great. The crab pieces are gigantic and plump. It comes with a little sauce drizzled on the top with a few chopped tomatoes. Delicious! I wish I could eat some right now. This was probably the best thing I ate. Filet Mignon -Perfectly cooked medium rare. They're great cuz they verify what medium-rare means to them, so that no one gets something they weren't expecting. Australian Lobster Tail -Mmm... So many times I have overcooked lobster and it just tastes so gross. But this was so good. Dipped in butter... yumM!! I forgot prepared, but it doesn't matter! Au Gratin Potatoes -Just cheesy potatoes. I couldn't stop eating it. So good! The potatoes are chopped into little pieces rather than sliced and the cheese is perfectly burnt just a little on top.  We also ordered the most amazing red wine, per recommendation of the waiter. Wow it was so good. It was the first time that I actually saved the cork. Unfortunately, I can't remember what it was (perhaps I drank too much!) We didn't have time for dessert, but I'm sure it would have been good :) Or if you're here you can skip dessert and then go across the street and get some deep fried oreos to end your night! If you are in downtown LV, definitely stop by Vic & Anthony's!
5	It's a rarity that I "fancy dine" in Vegas.  I'm usually too busy being intoxicated to appreciate that really fancy meal.  Frequently, I end up at a food court somewhere, passed out in my Nathan's french fries.  On a recent trip to downtown though, I decided to avoid the intravenous injection of cocktails for a day and actually peruse options for a good meal.   Since the wife and I were staying in the nugget, we decided to keep it local and try Vic's.   I have nothing but positive things to say about the evening.  The food was near transcendent.  I opted for the bone in rib-eye,while the lady chose seafood.  The steak literally melted in my mouth, while the side of Au Gratin potatoes served as a welcome compliment to the meal.  The wife raved about her salmon as we also slowly enjoyed a recommended bottle of bubbly.  Service was beyond amazing and the atmosphere was beyond comfortable during the entire dining experience which is important for a Vegas fine dining rookie like myself.  Hopefully, I'll be back downtown in the future and will be able to avoid the football full of liquor long enough to appreciate Vic and Anthony's for a second time.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said...maybe that the food is orgasmic? :")  My new husband and I enjoyed a meal here during our honeymoon.  From the moment we walked in, we were impressed.  The staff is extremely professional and courteous.  The ambience is classy yet relaxed.  One can (and should) dress nicely but we saw many shorts, cargo pants and even a wife beater.  My husband is a big fan of single malt scotch and we were fortunate enough to be served by John who knows more about scotch than anyone we've ever met! The food was superb...so much so that I moaned throughout the meal! ;)   I enjoyed a perfectly cooked 8 oz. fork-tender filet mignon, pan broiled rock lobster tail and grilled asparagus.  My husband went for straight beef and tackled a perfectly cooked 12 oz bone-in rib-eye.  We shared a side dish of creamed spinach which was topped with seasoned broiled breadcrumbs.  To finish the meal, we shared the homemade cinnamon bread pudding with a scoop of gelato.  Every bite was scrumptious and we were able to enjoy our meal at a leisurely pace. The staff here is helpful but unobtrusive so we were able to enjoy a very romantic time together.  Do not miss this place when you are in downtown Las Vegas!
5	We ate here when we visited Las Vegas.  The atmosphere was very classy and relaxed.  We started off with amazing salads and fresh bread.  We also had cocktails, that were great.  But what was really amazing was the steak and chicken.  Everything just melted in your mouth.  But if you eat here you absolutely have to have the creme brulee.  It is served on a plate instead of a dish.  The best meal we have ever had by leaps and bounds.  If we go back to Vegas, we will be stopping back here.
1	Hate to be the bad review guy, but here goes. Dressed to the nines, the wife and I step out to dinner at this joint. We've been dining out in Vegas for over 20 years and this is a first. Upon being seated I am asked to remove my hat as they have a no-hat policy. I think to myself, must be fancy, as I remove my hat and begin to enjoy a great dinner. Food and service was very nice. As I am enjoying this succulent filet mignon, I notice that most other guests in this place are dressed for an outing to Wal-Mart.Shorts, dirty tee shirts from 80's rock concerts, etc.. I ask the waiter why they are offended by people wearing hats. His answer was very polite as one would expect. Hate to ramble here, just make sure you don't wear a hat around these folks and you'll have a great time.
5	WOW.  Yum.  Perfection.  Came here for my friend's wedding dinner in July...now, I wasn't expecting much...but everything was so delicious, I think that even the water was perfect!! hahahahah! !  The waitstaff was friendly and professional.  My favorite looked like Doc from Back to the Future; he even did a voice impression for me!  Everyone, EVERY single one of us was perfectly content with our meal:  from the calamari and tomato/mozarella (?) appetizers to the Salmon, chicken and Filet Mignon.  Before you leave Vegas, take your hungry butt here.
5	I've read a lot of good reviews about this place before I even decided to step in. So, my expectation is very high. Walking into this place on a thursday evening is a fairly easy. But its very very busy in there.I am a little dissapointed that we dont get to seat in the side seats somewhere instead of being seated in the middle of the dining room. But let me tell you that the experience is that great. I cant never drink my water glass till its empty.Its always full somehow. I think they have ten servers assistant who just walk around filling up water. Their server assistant are wearing chef uniform to make the whole place looks very classy and elegant. They even take the time to bring black napkin to my fiance's black dress so that it match her outfit. All I can say is, this place rocks.Alright, lets get on to the food. We try the lobster bisque for $9.95 absolutely worth it. Have lots of lobster in it and taste very seafoody. Next, the appetisers, we try the maple glazed quail thats to die for. The maple glazed on the quail is so damn good, we wouldve swallow the quail bone if its not because the head saying dont swallow it.We ordered a couple of fillet mignon and prime rib eye thats to die for with peppercorn sauce. Keep in mind that everything is not free. Peppercorn sauce additional $2.95 and sides like mashed potatoes are $6.95. I dont mind paying but some yelper might find it helpful that I write down some prices.The fillet mignon cost $38 something and its absolutely worth it. My rib eye cost $45 and its HUGE!!! I cant finish it and lemme tell you something, I can eat some steak!!! All in all, its a great experience and we definetely put it up there as one of the best steak we ever ate and our server BEN is really great and on the ball as well as fully knowledge in his craft!!
5	VEGAS OLD SCHOOLI'm a trendy Angeleno.  I KNOW good food...especially steaks.  That's because LA is blessed with the swankiest steakhouses:  Boa, Mastro's, Cut ($130 filet mignon). During our stay in Vegas, my sweetie said she wanted to try this place she found on Yelp called Vic & Anthony's.  My face said "sure!" but I scoffed inside.  Why am I leaving our suite at Cosmopolitan, not to go downstairs to dine at STK, but to drive all the way to the business district of Vegas for...Vic & who?My first impression was that this restaurant's decor was dated, sort of Sinatra old-school.  I scanned the room and was surprised it was full of people all seemingly in rapture with their meals.  Probably local Las Vegans whose desert-baked brains can't comprehend modern upscale dining.  I ordered the filet mignon, medium rare, no accoutrements.Juicy.  Tender.  So good I sat up from my slouch.  I was enveloped by a wisp of humility as that savory hunk of steak yelled out to me:  IN!...YO!...FACE!When my sweetie asked if my filet mignon was up to par with those from LA, I answered, "It's not bad".  Damn, I really got ripped-off at Cut.
5	Hands down, this our favorite restaurant ever! My husband and I always stay in the Rush Tower at the Golden Nugget (which is fabulous) when we are in Vegas and going to Vic and Anthony's is always an event.Anything you order on the menu is to die for and the service is impeccable. The atmosphere is very classy but not snotty at all. The most amazing part is their prices are extremely reasonable, especially for a nice steakhouse. Save yourself the trouble of breaking the bank at one of the fancy steakhouses on the Strip and head downtown :o)
4	Before I get to what a terrific restaurant this is, I have to depart into the bloody mary, my thing:I expected more from the bloody mary here. Demitri's is my favorite mix, but for a cocktail that pairs so well with meat, I'd have expected a house-made mix. And, "spicy" meant extra tabasco, not the right answer in our age of scotch bonnet, bird and ghost peppers. The soups: fantastic. I ordered one for my dining companion, took a taste, and was so impressed that I immediately ordered their other soup option for myself, to try both. The large ribeye was delicious and well-cooked, but I have to be straight to my readers about the bone-marrow sauce option. I chose to come here specifically for that sauce, and I can't fault it for being what it is: I just had to learn, somewhere, sometime, that it's a black, salty, sticky sauce with chunks of greyish paste-y marrow. My dining companion had the salmon, and was relieved that the Roaring Fork's is better. It'd be a shame to have raised the bar on one's favorite entree at such an inaccessible place. The grilled wild mushrooms came in nice variety, three of four types.Dessert, the flourless chocolate cake, was too rich for words, of course, and fabulous, but if you're reading this in Austin, go to the Mesa Grill in Northwest Hills for its rival.We went for the old-school atmosphere and the interesting menu, but the service was top-flight, the best waitstaff I've had outside Paris, the kind of service that makes you remember that serving can be one hell of a classy profession.
3	Was ok but the price for their steaks and service did not match.  For the same I could have paid a pro grilled and bought my own meat.
5	When I go to bed at night and dream it's not about Brad or Johnny (Pitt and Depp)  It's Vic & Anthony.  Yes, as the rating indicates, it is "as good as it gets!" This is the perfect description of a dining experience.Vic & Anthony's will always be my first and only choice for upscale dining downtown in Las Vegas. No wait "Scratch that",  I only visit Vegas to dine here!  Steakhouse cuisine is unparalleled in its simplicity.  succulent porterhouse dripping in natural juices and butter.  Either way, steak proves that the simplest foods can constitute great dinners.They know how to carry out fully here.  We are fully convinced that this is The Best of the Best of the BEST!  In fact whenever  our dearest Friends, Family, or clients are visiting the Vegas Area we Call Vic and Anthony's and run a Comp Charge via our credit card and treat them to the experience of there lifetime! Let's just say we are pretty popular after this ;0)
5	My goodness. I just had the best meal EVER!!! Chopped salad - WOWFilet Mignon w. cheesy au gratin potatoes - OMGFlourless chocolate cake -  Seriously, WTF? I just left Vegas but I am already planning to come back soon just so I can eat at V&A again.   Screw every buffet and restaurant in town.  I am coming back HERE for the rest of my life!!!  Throughout the entire meal, I couldn't stop oohing and aaahing.  This never happened to me before.  Sure, once in a while you have a great meal and you think about it afterwards.  But THIS was the best meal I ever ate!!!  Nuff said.
4	On a beef feast, 3 dinners in Vegas . . . Texas de Brazil, Chart House and Vic & Anthony's.  What can I say 'The Best Beef Of The Week'.  I was tired and want a steakhouse and did not want to leave the hotel.  It ambiance is traditional steakhouse along the Morton's line . . . Morton's has always been a place I loved to go when on the road too long but that is another story . . . centered on familiarity.  And so it is with Vic and Anthony's.  I started with a Booker and suggested that an associate try one.  I thought South Africans could drink . . . well now I have two.  I had a beefsteak tomato salad, excellent, and followed it up with a ribeye and some creamed spinach.  Next time I will upgraded to the bone in ribeye.  The quality of the steak was Prime and it sang out its quality on the first bite.  The creamed spinach was spot on.  Stag's Leap bottles were 1/2 off on selected bottles.  I had some with dinner.  Finished with a espresso.  In summary, I would have not searched it out.  But is a very good steakhouse and hits all the right notes.  So why then only 4 starts . . . now this could be really pissy but the service was over attentive . . . there is a fine balance when serving between attentive and annoying.  To be fair, I would have given them 4 1/2 stars, maybe even 4 3/4 stars, but I just can't give them a 5 star review.  I know I am a bastard . . . but in the end it comes down to the fact that I would return only  if it was convenient but I would not search this excellent restaurant out.  Instead I would be more adventurous.
4	My first love is Smith & Wollensky in NY so I could only give 4 stars.  The porterhouse was amazing.The creamed spinach yummy.We were leaning back trying to breathe after the steak but I had to try the croissant bread pudding.It was worth the gluttony.One of the men at the table never partakes of dessert and he ate almost half of it  !!!You have to try it.  It is definitely 5 stars.  Yum.  Yum.The service was fantastic, attentive and entertaining, not intrusive at all.  Looking forward to going back for an absolutely fantastic steak and dessert.
4	Service here is on point. Seriously. From the water and bread refills to the waiter inconspicuously asking one of the guys helping at the table to get an extra plate (what ARE they called?), these guys are on point.The food didn't blow me away, but it was solid. The sourdough bread that kept on coming out had a nice crunch with a soft interior and was served with a whipped butter.Chopped salad was just a chopped salad - nothing special there. When all our dishes came out, our server immediately asked us all to check the temperature of our meat to make sure it was ok. Mine was not, and he profusely apologized for it and took it back immediately to correct the temperature. Definitely have not seen this done before. (But then again, I haven't been to THAT many steak houses). I had the veal chop which was good, and tasted like pork chop, but I kind of wish I just stuck with a regular steak to get that meaty taste. The bites of steak I did have from the other people in my party had a nice salt/pepper exterior with a nice crunch and was really flavorful.As far as sides go, the mushrooms were good, but a bit too seasoned (marinating in something balsamic for too long?), asparagus was good, potato au gratin was exceptional, as well as the creamed corn. Would recommend coming to this restaurant. It was also a nice surprise to check out the Golden Nugget. Who knew that it would look so fancy inside! I'm always on the strip, and this was my first venture to downtown Vegas
5	A great steakhouse in the old "rat-pack" Las Vegas tradition.  Great service!  Perhaps the best creamed spinach in the country!Pricey food.  A good, albeit pricey wine list.But, this place is simply excellent for steakhouse cuisine, suck it up and pay for the quality....
5	I started with oysters on the half shell.  I would not recommend that dish.  They were kind of small.  (I should have ordered the crab cake.)I next had a rib eye steak that was cooked to perfection, with Bearnaise sauce.  The mashed potatoes and mushrooms were outstanding side dishes.The service was attentive.My fellow diners all agreed that we would visit Vic & Anthony's again when we return to Vegas.
3	My wife ordered the lobster tail ($85) & I ordered the filet  mignon ($45).. We also ordered asparagus & creamed corn & wild mushroomsAs our sides..  In all fairness the meal was just okay..the service was top notch..Our bill was ( $210.) without the tip & with no drinks...If you want to go to THE BEST STEAK HOUSE  by far ..Walk across the street to the four queens hotel, and go  to HUGO'sCellar.. After eating there for more than 20 years, it simply is the best!!We thought we would try Vic & anthonys, but realized quite quickly thisPlace is just an average place to eat!!
5	Happy holidays Las Vegas Yelpers!I came here this past Sunday night for dinner :)My boyfriend and I joined his dad and step mom visiting from Hawaii for a delicious meal at V&A. I was really excited... never been here before and it was my first time meeting his dad & step mom.I'm not a steak eater but I fancy other things :DFor starters we shared the calamari, crab cakes and portobello mushrooms. The crab cakes are phenomenal here! Probably one of the best I've had.My bf ordered the prime rib, his dad ordered a filet and his step mom and I ordered the lamb chops... with baked and mash potatoes. Everything was perfect!For dessert I had their flourless chocolate cake! If you love chocolate, try it... it's on the rich side.Our server Bo was really excellent in customer service!Great ambiance and amazing food!If you're looking for a steakhouse, make it V&A!- Miss Yelp 2011
5	Located inside the Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino in the Downtown area is Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse. Classy w/  "Old Vegas" ambiance and style. To call this a "Steakhouse" is a disservice. This restaurant is flawless fine dining.From the food, to the service to the fine details everything here is perfection.My wife and I dined here on our recent trip to Vegas and had the absolute best meal I've ever experienced in the more than 14 years that we've been coming to Vegas regularly. Every course was perfect.Honestly, we didn't even have reservations upon arrival at 6 pm and actually were somewhat under dressed upon entering but the hostess was kind and graciuosly seated us almost immediately.Our meal:Appetizers:Soup of the Day: Chicken Tortilla - Rich and smoky w/ fresh grilled corn, cotija cheese & fresh toasted tortilla strips.It was the perfect balance of  layered spice, crunch and smoothness.Spinach Salad - Seriously the best sald I've EVER had! Warm, fresh leaf spinach w/ bacon, chopped eggs, kalamata olives & artichoke hearts served w/ a citrus honey vinaigrette. This could have served as the perfect light entree on it's own.Entrees:Jumbo Fried Shrimp with Broccoli and Mashed Potatoes - My wifes entree. Classic ingredients done flawlessly. She loved it. Simple,  seasoned and cooked to perfectionSea Bass A La Nage - My dish and our servers suggestion. Chilean Sea Bass poached and topped w/ jumbo lump crab meat and paired with roasted baby vegetables. My favorite course of the night.Dessert :Croissant Bread Pudding w/ Caramel Ice Cream - Another of our servers suggestion as a must try dish and It was everything he promised and more.Layers of Croissant stacked, combined and plated into a delicious bread pudding with cinnamon and caramel sauce and paired with a toffee brittle with freshly made caramel ice cream.  The actual plating itself resmbled a swan with a caramel ice cream body with a toffee brittle neck and head perched on a crunchy tuile and balanced with the bread pudding sliced into a triangle alongside. Overall, a wonderful meal and one we plan on repeating again soon the very next time we're in town. I especially can't wait to enjoy the Spinach Salad, Sea Bass & Bread Pudding time and again.
4	DELISH!!!! Really fantastic meal!!! BF said it was def one of the best steaks he's ever had!!! I had the stuffed salmon it was good... ITS ALOT OF FOOD... the only downside was the waiter reallllly realllly pushes the very expensive wines... but that is his job and he does want a big tip so i understand... everything was fab!!!! all the desserts were great as well!!!!
5	My personal favorite steak house in Vegas.
4	It is located inside the Golden Nugget Hotel & Casino in Downtown Las Vegas. Don't be fooled, its surprisingly very nice for downtown! The atmosphere is extremely classy and although our waiter was super knowledgable and nice, the hostess was not. She didn't smile, and seemed like she didn't want to be there. Also, even though we had reservations, it still took about 20 minutes to get seated and it seemed we got seated at an awkward table right at the entrance. The steak here was delicious but I do wish they had a smaller sized cut that was not a filet mignon (i like a lot of marbling, something the filet mignon cut does not have). Definitely cooked to the right temperature. Everything you can ask for in a top tier steakhouse. In comparison to Mastro's and Ruth's Chris, I would say the taste is slightly less than par. Don't get me wrong, still delicious but nothing out of this world. With all the steakhouses in Vegas, it wasn't so good that I'll return here again. Try their crab cake! (Singular, because theres only one). Super chunky crab meat, great flavor and great sauce. If you want to make your visit extra special and different from other steakhouse visits, you must try their crab cake! I believe our total for 2 was about $150 and we got the crab cake and a side of creamed corn.
3	My wife ordered the lobster tail ($85) & I ordered the filet  mignon ($45).. We also ordered asparagus & creamed corn & wild mushroomsAs our sides..  In all fairness the meal was just okay..the service was top notch..Our bill was ( $210.) without the tip & with no drinks...If you want to go to THE BEST STEAK HOUSE  by far ..Walk across the street to the four queens hotel, and go  to HUGO'sCellar.. After eating there for more than 20 years, it simply is the best!!We thought we would try Vic & anthonys, but realized quite quickly thisPlace is just an average place to eat!!
5	I went to Vic & Anthony's with a family member and we sat at the bar.  The bartender, Megan, was charming, efficient, and her suggestions made our evening perfect.  I asked for a dry white and she suggested the Terlato Pino Grigio which was perfect for me.  We decided to have a selection of appetizers instead of an entree and she helped us decide on the perfect selection.  We started with the fresh oysters - there were 3 different kinds and Megan explained where each came from.  The oysters came with lemon, horse radish, cocktail sauce, and my new favorite dipping sauce for oysters - balsamic with green onions - divine!  The pear and saga bleu cheese salad was yummy and the calamari was perfectly prepared.   We also enjoyed the jumbo lump crab cake which had large lovely pieces of crab and just enough breading to hold it together browned perfectly - just the way we like it.   We finished off the evening with an amazing chocolate cake - again Megan's suggestion.  If you are near the Golden Nugget, I highly recommend visiting with Megan at the bar in Vic & Anthony's.  We met some great people while we were dining - due to Megan's introductions.  She really made it a great experience for us.
2	My new York was good. Boyfriends bone in rib eye very average if that.  Mini baked potatoes inedible.  Service way too enthusiastic.  Everything was fabulous according to our waiter.  Such was not the case
5	Yeah, it was very very good. Not the best high end steak (filet) I've ever eaten but close to it. Usually not a fan of over-priced steak houses.  Vic and Anthony's is top notch.
3	I actually thought our appy's were the best part of this meal.  The quail was amazing and I could have made a meal on that.  The beef carpaccio was excellent!  The raw oysters were decent.  The ribeye was just ok- I think I make better at home.
5	Maple glazed quail, prime ribeyes,  awesome mushrooms, and potatoes au gratin.Enough said. You will not be disappointed. I have dined at fine steakhouses all over, from Chicago, to New York and between. Definitely worth the visit!
5	16 oz. Prime Cut Rib Eye was the best steak I have ever eaten in my entire life!!! I was literally in heaven while devouring this precious piece of meat! I couldn't even open my eyes while I was chewing bc it was so mf ono just melting away in my mouth! Thank you baby jesus to the steakhouse who closed at 930 who reccommended me to come here!!!!! BEST STEAK EVER!!!!!!!!!!!I am definitely going back on my next visit to Vegas!
5	Always consistent, always fantastic. Steak prepared like Ruth's Chris, best sides of any steakhouse, excellent atmosphere and service. Absolutely nothing ever bad to say about this establishment after 4 or 5 visits.
5	Vic & Anthony's is one of the finest restaurants I've ever eaten in. Began with French onion soup, followed by lettuce wedge w/ Roquefort chunks, then small fillet Mignon (rare) for the entree, and ending with a desert of bread pudding to die for, (made with croissants).  --I don't usually rave about bread pudding, which you can find at any L.V. buffet, but this one was recommended to me by my server, and turned out to be incredible, (served with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream). The service was impeccable and the food was prepared flawlessly.  --One of the finest pieces of beef I've ever eaten.I will return to Las Vegas in three weeks and Vic & Anthony's is a must.
4	Expensive and delicious.  Very professional waitstaff.  The filet mignon was great as well as the creamed spinach.  Everything was great, I am just listing my favorites.  The two bottles of wine put us over the edge as far as price was concerned!
4	Simply excellent. We were taken to Vic & Anthony's by some of our favorite reps and it did not disappoint. It's a fabulous steakhouse with a gracious and helpful staff and an array of choices on the menu.For starters we went with the cheese plate and a dozen raw oysters - top notch. I selected the rib eye (duh) medium-rare and ate every. last. bite. I'm not necessarily proud of that but it was a feat for this carnivore. The sides are huge - plenty for sharing - try the creamed spinach and mac and cheese. Heaven in your mouth, I tell ya.Vic & Anthony's has that classic steakhouse feel. Very sophisticated, but comfortable, which makes me a fan.
5	Good gawd this is yummy... best steak I have EVER had... seriously!
5	Located inside the Golden Nugget in Downtown Las Vegas, Vic & Anthony's is a place I'd been wanting to visit for a long time but never got around to it. Finally, while in town for meetings, I suggested it to a coworker and he agreed. So we met downtown and gave it a shot.  The atmosphere is upscale and upbeat yet relaxing. Dark cherry wood, low lighting, open spaces but with an air of privacy. There is also a bar with eight seats and I noticed there were always a couple open. There were two servers/bartenders back there which is one for every four seats. Not bad.We were fortunate enough to get in without reservations, but I highly recommend making them. It was a Tuesday night for us so not too crowded but I'd never try walking in like that during the weekend. Unless maybe you want to dine at the bar.I ordered the Prime Ribeye and added some Mac & Cheese. Both were absolute five star dishes. I can't say enough about them. Outstanding. One of the best steaks I've encountered on the earth thus far. The Mac & Cheese was amazing in it's own right, baked just right with the perfect combination of taste and texture. Not salty at all, like many restaurants make it. The service was beyond courteous and professional. I'd give it six stars. Everyone there clearly wants you happy and wants you to come back. The staff combined with the pleasant atmosphere made us want to hang out a little longer than we usually would. So we did. Of course, when I go out something a little odd has to happen to me. Tonight was no different. A guy at a nearby table ordered a side of broccoli and these two HUGE broccoli florets come out on a plate. He's shocked (and a little hammered) and starts walking around other tables with his plate begging people to take a slice of his broccoli. When he got to us, we politely declined and he was a little indignant and said: "What's wrong with you people, don't nobody like broccoli?"Finding no takers, he sat back down at his table with the two trees still on his plate and went at it alone. Dinner and a show. This is a somewhat upscale place but I noticed a few patrons in shorts. I wouldn't recommend it because Vic's calls for better than that. I personally wouldn't wear them because, in this dark environment, I'm afraid my legs would glow in the dark and be the spectacle of the evening. Even more than that broccoli guy. No, I wore some dark jeans with some way cool dress shoes and a long-sleeved polo and fit in just fine. This is a must visit if you're downtown and looking for the right place to dine. Don't wait years like I did to try Vic & Anthony's. It is a supreme steakhouse.
5	I recently found myself in Vegas on business and decided to head down town on my last night on a recommendation to try Vic & Antimony's. I had read a few reviews and was excited to enjoy some of their signature items.When I arrived I was impressed with the decor, which I like to describe as 1977 meets 2007.  It's got dark woods and some cream colors with heavy curtains, that adorn large windows and decorated walls. Very tasteful.  I immediately noticed the glass display case featuring rib-eye, new york, and porterhouse cuts as well as LARGE (and i mean HUGE) Australian cold water tails that were 18-20oz EACH. They also house two lobster tanks with 3-4 pound lobsters which they offer at $29 per pound (which I think is a little high).We were sat at a nice table in the center of the restaurant and ordered several items.  I did not opt for the lobster tails, as they are $145 each (not a bad price, but a little outside my range for the evening). Next time though I will bring my brother and split a 12oz filet and 20oz lobster.To start, we got the Calamari, which is tossed in a onion-pepper sauce. The portion was large and included LOTS of really nice caramelized onions, however in my opinion the sauce was too thick and the rings should have been tossed in it instead of just placed on top. Also the breading on the rings was more crumb based and heavy. Would have been better with panko. Rings and tentacles were nicely cooked however, not stringy or rubbery.  $12.95 7/10Next we received the Pear and Saga Blue Cheese Salad, mixed field greens with teardrop tomatoes, candied pecans and house-made creamy vinaigrette.  A really excellent salad.  The pears were nice and ripe, the pecans crunchy and fresh. There was quite a bit of avocado as well, just enough dressing which was sweet, tangy and slightly thickened. A nice compliment to the pear and cheese.  I would go back for this one again. 11.50. 10/10Our third course was their famous lobster bisque. It's not an overly large portion, but what was lacking in quantity was more than made up for in quality.  I've had few better bisques.  Rich and creamy (but not overly so) this dish did NOT suffer from having too much sherry cream, but at the same time the sherry flavor was front and center but not overbearing. It's also finished with cognac, and that is easily tasted too.  Decent amount of lobster meat, intense (in a good way) lobster flavor. I could eat it non-stop! 10/10 A STEAL at $9.95.Main Course was the Sea Bas ala Nage.  They use Chilean Sea Bass as the protein, sauteed in a Dunginess crab butter sauce, balsamic, harcourt verts, roasted tomatoes and topped with a few lumps of dungeness crab.  I've eaten a lot of chilean sea bass in my day, it's probably my favorite protein. This ranks in the top 2 for sure.  Wonderfully cooked, perfect crust on the fish, perfectly accompanied by the butter sauce, nicely cut by the sharpness of the balsamic. Verts were al dente, and nicely cooked. The mound of roasted tomatoes also helped cut the natural oiliness of the bass.  Melt in your mouth. A true triumph. $36.95 10/10I also tried some of the 8oz filet, and it was beautifully done and seasoned. Rock salt in the preparation makes all the difference! I definitely would not hesitate to order cut beef at this restaurant if I was in the mood. They offer a number of sauces including a bone marrow borderlaise, which wasn't ordered, but I would love to try it in the future.  9/10For desert we ordered their famous bread pudding, which is served like a layer cake slice in a pool of whiskey sauce alongside praline ice cream, and a brittle sculpture (edible).  Amazing.  Totally moist, amazing flavors. Everything you want out of a bread pudding without the sloppy look. Ice cream was divine.  I ate pretty much the entire brittle decoration which was killer good as well. 10/10 We also got a flour-less chocolate cake topped with unsweetened whipped cream and surrounded by chocolate sauce. VERY DENSE, very good.  Somehow not overbearing and dry-tasting like ones I have had at Ruth's Chris. Difficult to eat all of on your own. Split the chocolate if you get it. 9/10.I also got earl grey tea, which I wouldn't normally mention, but it came in a very interesting tea pot of stainless and blown glass. Hard to explain but I thought it was neat.  If you're a tea drinker try it.  The tea itself was excellent as well.All in all, this is one of my new favorite restaurants in Las Vegas and I will be returning as soon as I can for that massive Lobster!
2	My mother and I were excited to spend our recent winnings on a great steak dinner and Vic & Anthony's turned out to be a major disappointment. After seeing the 4.5 star average on Yelp I was expecting greatness, however the food and service were mediocre/poor. I hate to give negative reviews, but this place deserved it in my mind. I hope my Yelp friends who gave this place 4 or 5 stars would crusify me.My mother had the Tuna Tartar with avocado, citrus vinaigrette & chips. We both liked it, but it didn't blow us away. I ordered the Prime Ribeye with the au gratin potatoes and creamed spinach. My ribeye came out and we were told the side dishes were coming in "ten seconds".  A few minutes later our waitress came by to see how everything was and I informed her that I still haven't started to eat my steak since I am waiting for my sides. She assured me they will be out shortly. Seven minutes after my steak they finally came! Bullshit! I expect my sides to come out at the same time as my steak so I can enjoy them together. I think that is pretty standard and not an outlandish request. When they were brought to our table there was no apology for the delay. Unlike other steakhouses I have been to Vic & Anthony's didn't serve the first scoop of the side dish onto your plate. I know that makes me sound like some regal, high expectation asshole, but I'm sorry, that's one of the many things that makes the best steakhouses stand out (Mastro's for example). I wasn't crazy about the creamed spinach and the au gratin potatos were waaaaaaay to cheesy for my liking. The steak was not what I was hoping for.Lastly, our waitress was inattentive, unfriendly, unapologetic, and I don't think smiled once throughout our meal. Maybe it was an off night, but when you are paying big bucks for a nice steak dinner there should be no off nights. I'll be back in downtown Las Vegas in two weeks and I will be sure to avoid Vic & Anthony's.
5	My husband and I come to vegas 4 times of year and stay on the strip. We always make it to this steak house which is in downtown. This steakhouse is in old town vegas but worth the drive and effort. Service is above and beyond but the food is 5-star above any steakhouse in Las Vegas. Ambiance is very welcoming for a original las vegas hotel. We always have crab cakes, unreal chop salad, filet migion with recomended wine parings. Please try sanbucco as after dinner drink. You'll fall in love as we have. As of today over 9 visits and looking forward to the next one.
5	One of several restaurants inside The Golden Nugget Hotel and Casino, Vic & Anthony's is a classic steakhouse, full of old Vegas charm with a modern twist. While not inexpensive, the menu provides value if you order correctly because the portions are HUGE - almost too big to share between only two people! My best friend and I shared an amazing artisan cheese plate (market price, $26), each had a salad (she, the Pear & Saga Blue Cheese; me, the Classic Wedge) and finally split Chicken Paige. In the salad course, we questioned how we could even ATTEMPT to eat our entree, so large were the two previous portions. Our table service was perfect: a charming, well-informed waiter, at the ready with suggestions. The host/hostess stand could use a few pointers, however. Our 8:30 PM reservation became a 9:00 PM seating, seemingly because a wedding party staged an impromptu post-ceremony dinner. Likely because the restaurant sits on the main corridor of the Golden Nugget's shops, bars and restaurants, its seating area is limited to one, very small, two-person bench. Waiting consists of wandering around in the fluorescent horror of the meeting point of consumerism and casino gambling or clinging to the wall inside the dark hipness of the restaurant, with the glow of the cold case and lobster tank as light sources. That's jarring enough, but the hostess and host talking about how much they hate Friday nights while failing to recognize incoming guests isn't exactly a confidence booster. Thankfully, we shook the wait off easily once we were seated.   This is old school, coursed dining, so don't expect a quick meal between table games or use it as a stop on a stroll of Fremont Street. Prepare to linger in its dark, vintage ambiance over an incredible wine list, a menu filled with a options a plenty (even vegetarians can find something) and some great people watching. DO heed the warnings about entree and side sizes: either go hungry or attempt to choose one side for every two to three people at the table. The desserts we saw were far closer to individual size, but - especially after a meal like one could easily have - sharing those might be an excellent idea too.While casual dress seems allowable, select something finer and have a time-honored, high roller Vegas dinner, even if you don't gamble!
5	Phenomenal! My husband and I went here to celebrate our Vegas honeymoon! Staff was knowledgable, professional and personable. Food - best meal I have had in years. Best elegant find in downtown - a true gem!
4	Au gratin potatoes are amazing. Both steaks I've tried we great. Service? Meh.
4	Superb, friendly, efficient service.  Had a great Tom Collins to start.  Enjoyed a Tuna Tartar appetizer.  Could have had a pinch less salt.  I had the 16oz Ribeye and Potato's au gratin.  The steak was done just to my perfection.  Our waiter had me cut into it at the beginning to make sure.  Tender, succulent tasty beef.  Yum, yum.  My wife had the halibut and it was also very fresh tasting and delicious.  Really a very nice treat (it was my birthday, and since I had let them know on the reservation, I got a little chocolate mousse cake, very nice). If you are looking for a special occasion place, I would not hesitate in recommending you consider Vic & Anthony's. .
4	I would probably give it a full five if I had just had a steak!  But as the night was, I was in the company of 4 older people, all of who were not about to indulge in a steak with me and I was not about to order one of those bad boys myself.  But it looked SOOOO GOOD in the showcase.  I did have the tartar though, which they did up in small chunks, seasoned, and plated on a salt brick.  Very nice going down.  Between the 5 of us, we had seafood, seafood, and seafood.  I won't comment on the Alaskan King Crab legs because I think that they are all the same.  The AKC pasta though, was wonderfully light and fresh.  My dad had the special which was scallops, shrimp and swordfish over polenta with a baked potato on the side.  Perfectly done.  HUGE SIDES! I suggest sharing, especially if you order the mashed potatoes.   Salmon was also done well.  Nice ambiance - dark like a real classy restaurant, but like Hawaii, because it's Vegas, the dress code is not that strict.  I wore shorts. But in true Vegas fashion, there were large screen tvs through out the place that played sports non stop.  Service was great, quick and friendly.I look forward to going back with a meat eater and killing one of those $90 porterhouses or $60 rib eyes.
2	I was excited to eat at Vic's in Vegas, I have been to the original in Houston. Our server Benjamin was nice and described the menu with his vast knowledge.  I wanted wine with my steak.  The wine list is extensive, so I asked for a reasonable priced bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon, nothing too expensive.  I thought he would recommend a 100-150 bottle.  He suggested a bottle that was $450.  I laughed.  He gave me attitude, so I ordered a kettle One martini.  After that his attitude and service changed.  The other server was nice and more helpful.  I ordered a Rib eye on the bone.  Extremely rare cut and it was delicious.  But the whole dining experience was tainted by the stuck up waiter.  We ate the next night at Hugo's Cellar at the Four Queens and had a terrific dinner.
5	The bottom line is the rib eye was the best I've had in 20 years, seriously. I've been to the finest steak houses all over the country and only a couple of them served me a rib eye as delicious and perfectly cooked  as I received at Vic and Anthony's.This is only the second time I've been compelled to write a positive review on Yelp. I usually use Yelp to find ethnic and other interesting restaurants but this time I used it to find a good steak house and I was pleased to see the reviews were accurate.We were a little worried about leaving our beautiful hotel on the strip to go to the Golden Nugget for dinner but after reading the Yelp reviews we had to take a chance.  I told my wife not to worry because we weren't going to be hanging out in the Golden Nugget just eating at the restaurant inside. First, I was surprised that the Golden Nugget had been remodeled to pretty high standards. Second, Vic and Anthony's makes a very nice initial impression and it frankly it doesn't really matter what casino it's located in because you'll only see it coming and going.
3	My wife and I ate there to celebrate her birthday, although a little early. Stopped by around 2PM to make a reservation and the girl seemed to be bothered by the request. The first thing that put me off was the fact that most people were wearing jeans and t-shirts, a few had shorts. When I am spending $300 on a special occasion I like to dress up a little, if I wanted to sit next to loud and drunk people in jeans and sneakers I could have saved over $200. Service was very good but not perfect, plates stayed on our table for 10 minutes after we were done. Filet mignon was the best I ever had while the rib-eye was ok, lots of fat and one side was very tough. Both meat dishes were done as we ordered. Quail appetizer was sublime, I would like to see them try this with duck or pheasant. Asparagus side was very good while the scalloped potatoes were very very rich, enough for 4 people. Creme brulee was good but on a saucer plate and only 1/2 deep. Espresso was the worst I have ever had, looked it was a cafe latte as it was not black. Waiter took it off the bill and said it was a little lite? We will go back for the filets and the quail.
5	Now that Ruth's chris has closed it looks like we found a new steak house !! Priced high but very tasty. I liked the decor, dark and rat packy.  Service was great, I had the bone in rib-eye , with broccoli & mashers. My date loved the huge lobster tail !  My steak was perfect, the big broccoli bushels were yummy and the mashers were great .They included a free chocolate layer cake that was incredible . Loved the location also .
1	LV Steak House with bad L.A. Attitude!I would have given this place a higher rating if it weren't for the AWFUL service  and SNOBBISH attitude we received from the blonde hostess when we walked in!  If I wanted to be treated terribly, I would have stayed home and dined at "Mastro's" in Beverly Hills.  Take my advice guys, dine else where!  There are plenty of better steak houses in LV that will treat you like a human being!  I have always wanted to try this steak house but always dine across the street at Binion's Ranch.  But this trip I had a party of 5 that I needed to entertain and they have all been to Binion's, so we decided to try a new place and Vic & Anthony's was the choice.  I booked the dinner reservation about a month in advance for a WEDNESDAY night when I knew they would NOT be busy, however when I arrived EARLY for our reservation, I was immediately greeted by a RUDE, OBNOXIOUS, SNOBBISH, L.A. wanna be little blonde starlet who treated me awful and refused to give me any service or grant me the option to seat us at a comfortable round table!  Her response?.....oh, sorry sir, the round tables are RESERVED!  We can only seat you where we can seat you!  (This was coming out of her mouth at 7:30pm on a Wednesday night with a total of 2 parties dining in the entire restaurant and probably only 5 reservations for that night!  What a joke) and by the way, the round tables were available the ENTIRE NIGHT we were there!  4 hours and $860.00 later, I left Vic & Anthony's with a bitter taste in my mouth but not from the meal, it was from the blonde hostess who's unwelcoming attitude will assure that I never return to this restaurant and discourage others from dining here as well.  The Bottom Line:Awful rude service from the front, an extra salty steak that isn't great (but good), but surprisingly; probably one of the best Veal cuts one could ever taste! "Try the Veal, it's one of the best in the city" - GodfatherEnjoy!
5	My wife, brother, cousin and I decided on this restaurant after the great reviews. We were planning on watching a show over at The Smith Center and wanted to eat somewhere within close proximity. I would not be dissappointed in our choice. First we were greated very warmly and seated right away. I would recommend making a reservation and you could easily do that on their website. The atmosphere was very warm with all the dark wood features.On to the service and dishes. The service was impeccable. My ice tea actually was filled with ice and I continued to get ice tea AND ice throughout the dinner! Perfect. Most of the time at other restaurants I get a glass with 5 cubes of ice that melt by the middle if the dinner and unless you ask for extra ice your not going to get it. It's the big things that count but all the little things count just as much. Also the wait staff was very friendly and welcoming.The dishes we had were the best I had in awhile. We had the calamari in which the caramelized onions were delicious! I had the seared tuna which I cannot even begin to describe. The dish was just amazing. The tuna melted in my mouth. Unbelievable. If you love sushi you will love this dish. My wife had the shrimp scampi which she loved. My brother had the prime rib eye which he stated was cooked to perfection and my cousin had the pork chops that were cooked just right. I have to say that previously we ate at the steakhouse inside the sunset station and I would most definitely have paid a little more to eat at Vic and Anthony's.Don't pass up the opportunity to eat here. I would probably compare the quality of food to when my wife and I ate at BOA Steakhouse about 3 years ago. Happy Dining!
5	The best.  I'm never disappointed when I go here.  Ive been with friends and on a date and it was perfect both times.  Try to find better food and service at this price, I dare you.
5	WOW...I don't give many 5-star ratings. That being said, Vic and Anthony's earned all 5 with ease....We dined here on our last night in Vegas.  Being from Houston, we were familiar with the Vic and Anthony's brand, as they have a restaurant there.  We actually stayed in the Golden Nuggett so we wanted to have a good last night dinner somewhere in Downtown Vegas.  We'd already been to Hugo's Cellar before(awesome by the way) and we had heard Binion's Steakhouse was quite good.  We dropped by Binion's but changed our mind at the last minute and went to Vic and Anthony's instead. In retrospect, this was a excellent decision.  The restaurant is not that spacious however, on the other hand, the coziness provides the dining couples with a much more intimate and romantic experience.  The waiter was very courteous and immediately wished my wife a happy birthday (earning valuable points) and then guided us through the wine menu and liquor/after-dinner menu.  The wife had a crown and 7.  I had a Makers Mark 46 with a splash of 7.  If you like Bourbon, give Maker's Mark 46 a try.  Both drinks were prompt, cold and stout, just the way they should be.  We skipped the appetizers altogether and went straight the entrees.  I do hear, however, that the crab cakes are quite goodBecause they serve such large portions, we shared a 16 oz. Prime Ribeye cooked to perfection.  As sides, we had the Creamed Corn and Truffle Mashed Potatoes. All were wonderfully flavored...If you order a topping for your steak, I highly reccomend the Port Peppercorn. Have them serve it on the side, instead of on top of the steak. You won't be disappointed.  For dessert, we shared the flourless Chocolate Cake.  This was quite good but a little too rich for us.  Should have stayed with the tried-and-true Creme Brulee.  This place was almost as good as Hugo's Cellar in Vegas and Pappas Steakhouse in Houston.....very very close.If in Vegas, either Hugo's or Vic and Anthony's would be an excellent choice.
5	WOW WOW WOW WOW! I have to say that was the BEST dinner I've EVER had! Hands down from my first sip of wine to the last bite of cheesecake! I left full, happy and in an amazing mood. (might of had something to do with the wine but I'm pretty sure it was the overall experience) First off make a reservation! On a Monday night it was slammed! We had to wait about a half hour for the table but lucky enough we found a couple barstools. The atmosphere is very old school Vegas! The room was dimly lit, white table clothes spread over the maybe 40 or so tables and the clinking of wine glasses filled the air. It felt like I was transported to nearly sixty years ago. All the bar staff and waiters dresses in the traditional white shirt and black bow ties. When we were seated there was no wait at all for our menus and server. We had both scoped out the Yelp photos and recommendations so ordering was a breeze! We opted for 2 appetizers the quail coming out first. It was juicy, tender and had a slightly spicy tang to it. A first WOW The scallops followed shorty after and the second WOW came to be. they were perfectly seared in some kind of tasty, butter, garlic amazing sauce! The real highlight of the dish is what looks like the garnish but it's actually an apple, bacon, blue cheese sauce. Less sauce and more of a cut apple mess of delight and a hell of a palate teaser with sweet, savory and tart taste that confused the tongue in the most delightful way! Our server Dennis was an absolute delight! Not the fake server voice followed by the overly gracious explanation of the menu but a down to earth real guy who knew his job well and even let us try to bombard him into some shots. Which of course he had to refuse. He explained the special which I opted for which was a absolutely amazing dish. It was an 8oz filet with shrimp in a butter, garlic, tomato sauce. It was a melt in your mouth, only a butter knife needed kinda steak. My entree also came with asparagus and there tiny baked potatoes! WOWMy boyfriend ordered the bone in ribeye but decided to top it with blue cheese and bacon. I had one delicious bite of it and it was another pallet teaser! although we were both truly full after all the steak we decided to share a dessert. New York cheesecake topped with a blueberry sauce! Heaven on a plate! It was over sized and over the top! Defiantly a must have and the last WOW!
5	My taste buds are forever altered, after having experienced the deliciousness of the Vic & Anthony's experience.The restaurant is located inside the Golden Nugget. My wife and I made reservations for 9:45. We are greeted by the hostess who was very friendly. The dining room is not very large, but it did not take away from the fact that it has a very intimate / romantic atmosphere. Perfect since the wife and I were there celebrating our 5th year wedding anniversary that night. The room is dim lit, with candles burning on every table. As we are escorted to our table, every single waiter is gretting us with "Good evening", which was a very classy touch.We are seated and served our bread basket. The bread alone was so fresh and warm. We start looking through the menu and I plan a strategy. My wife is set on the New York steak which is pretty big. I know for a fact she will not finish it. So I order the 8 oz filet mignon. That way I will eat my steak, and finish her left overs! Our waiter finally comes around and addresse's me as Mr. "my last name" the entire evening which made me feel like a big shot. My wife's New York steak is at market price for $46.50. My filet mignon went for $38.50.On the side we ordered the Au Gratin Potatoes.Let me just say that my plan worked perfectly. My wife did not finish her steak, so I got to enjoy them both. I order my filet medium, and my wife requested her's medium well. The steak's literally melted like butter with every bite. Whatever seasoning they used was simply amazing which only enhanced the flavor,. By far the  best tasting steak I have ever had. I will consider it a crime for someone to come to Vegas, and n ot dine at Vic & Anthony's.The Au Gratin Potatoes were incredible as well. They were baked with cheese on top.The sides are portioned to share by the way. Very generous portions.For dessert, we ordered the croissant bread pudding. You seriously do not know what you are missing if you dont try this piece of sweetness. According to our waiter,it won the dessert of the year award. I believe it. It was too good.It is a pricey restaurant, but well worth every pennie!We will no doubt be dining here again on our next Vegas trip..
5	This is simply the best steakhouse in the country.  You must try it.  While on the pricey side we always walk away thinking out meal was worth it.  When was the last time that happened to you?New York Strip is my favorite steak and the Mac and cheese is a must.
5	The ambiance is great albeit a bit crowded. Great service but not intrusive. Fillet was the best I've ever had and I love steak. Went with the Peppercorn Port sauce per the waiters recommendation. Really good. Only downside was we were there for a birthday and they charged us for the birthday dessert they brought us without ordering. Place is classy without being stuffy.  On site wine expert made excellent recommendations and was cost sensitive.
5	Let me start by saying that the crab cake has to be the best thing I have eaten in the last 10-years. The flavors were out of this world and my entire flight home I told everyone about how great it was.  We picked your restaurant for our wedding night dinner and we could not have been more pleased. Your entire staff was attentive and went the extra mile for us and all the tables around us. Top notch service!  The quality and taste of the food was beyond expectations and came prepared simply and correctly. I review many restaurants and I  going to say that Vic and Anthony's is the best meal and best service that I have had over the last 10 years. Way to go and trust me, I cannot wait to come back!
5	We had an excellent experience.  Service, food, and just the overall experience was perfect.  If you are looking for this type of experience and are willing to stray from the Strip and pay for quality rather than popularity/trend then go! You won't be disappointed!
5	Had dinner Saturday night, very good food and service. Perfect meal.
5	As locals, we have eaten in many very good steak houses in Las Vegas. But we have yet to find a steak house that compares to Vic & Anthony's. We think this is by far the best steak house in the city - atmosphere is great, food is OUTSTANDING (and there's plenty of it), and the service is IMPECCABLE, best service we've ever received in a restaurant anywhere in this country or out.Great martinis too!Try it - you'll certainly not be disappointed.
5	One of the great things about living in Vegas is that we have some of the best restaurants! Last night we had a fabulous dinner at Vic & Anthony's Steak House. The Tuna Tartare and The Steak Tartare were delicious, the Filet was so tender it melted in your mouth, the cream of corn and the potatoes were delicious. The service was impeccable.
5	Great food, good service. Husband loved his filet mignon & I had shrimp cocktail & crab cakes, which were both good. The creme brulee was the best ever... So good. Good place for a nice meal.
4	I think Vic & Anthony's is, by far, the best restaurant downtown. I live in downtown Vegas and try to patronize the area as much as possible and I'm glad I tried V&A.My wife is in a wheelchair, and we had to wait a bit for a table, even with a reservation, because of the stairs to certain parts of the dining room.No matter, the servers were all very solicitous, without being overpowering. All of our needs were met quickly; we never waited for anything.  Everything was delicious...Darlene had the lobster and filet special; I had bone-in ribeye. I've dined in many steakhouses here in Vegas, and this is up with the best (LV Weekly had it in its 2nd town). It's the slightest notch below CUT/Carnevino/ Prime triumverate. If I could award 4.5, or 4.7, I would. I just cant give it 5 stars, due to the ADA-unfriendly dining room and the fact that the above 3 (and apparently Ramsay and Old Homestead)are ridiculously sublime. But on a price/location/quality nexus, this place is in the top 10 in town. (Going back next week)
4	Great exerience! Had the 8 oz filet mignon, it was cooked to perfection. Ordered a side of lobster risotto-delicious! The sides are MORE than enough for 2 people to share so  keep this in mind when ordering. Even the baked potato is HUGE, probably about equal to 3 average potatoes. Would eat here again in a heartbeat.
5	I just had my wedding dinner here, and it was amazing.  Three weeks before my wedding, my original venue tried to up their prices, so I went seeking an alternative.  Vic & Anthony's was more than accommodating.  While their private room could not fit our group of 26, they made sure to place us in a somewhat cloistered area at 3 large tables.The service was amazing.  The lead waiter was constantly checking with me, my husband, my father, and my father-in-law to ensure that everything was to our satisfaction.  Even though we had a large group, the kitchen and servers managed to get each course out to the entire group at the same time.  When it came time to cut the cake, the lead waiter brought it out for a very nice presentation, then took it back to be cut.  The restaurant gave us no problem for bringing in our own desert, and only charged a small cake cutting fee (which is pretty standard).The food was some of the best I've ever had, and I am a real foodie.  The restaurant allowed my guests to order off of the standard menu which was really nice since so many places require a large group to have a smaller set menu.  The crab cakes were the best I had ever had.  Everyone who ordered steak really enjoyed it, and my in-laws said it was the best steak they had ever had.Thank you to everyone at Vic & Anthony's who made my wedding dinner an amazing event.  It was well worth the cost!
5	I have been to several prime steakhouses and V&A is tops. Service was exemplary and catered to our upbeat, party style attitude with my particular group of friends. They did not miss a beat. The server was fun and courteous and not stuffy. The sommelier was the best I have encountered and catered to our requests.We started with some oysters rockefeller and they were delectable! I had the ribeye and lobster tail. The steak was seasoned and cooked to perfection, the lobster a bit tough, but good, and the mashed potatoes were equally well prepared. She had the filet and quality was top-notch and rich in flavor. All in the party enjoyed apps, meals and drinks and we left food-high and happy! What a great way to celebrate my 40th B-day!
5	Still to date the best steak and lobster I've ever had. Period. My one and only 5 star rating.
4	This place is amazing and a hidden gem. As we walked in we were greeted by numerous employees and they brought out fresh baked bread and filled our water glasses immediately. We ordered the lobster bisque, crab cakes, potatoes gratin, rib eye and the salmon dish with lobster topping.  The lobster bisque and crab cakes were amazing. Extremely flavorful and the crab cakes was majority crab. The steak was cooked to a perfect med-rare and extremely flavorful. My wife doesn't like steaks but enjoyed it very much. Her fish was absolutely amazing as well. The skin was crispy and full of flavor while the salmon itself was very soft. I wasn't too crazy about the potatoes gratin cause it tasted like Kraft Cheese.For dessert we ordered the croissant bread pudding and it was sooo good. Surprisingly it wasn't that sweet and we pretty much cleaned that out.We will definitely come back here.
4	This place was fantastic. Usually I am very cautious about eating at one of the restaurants in the hotel that I'm staying in. The Service was fantastic. We were there for our end of the year office trip and had 5 people. All of the food was served perfectly with no mistakes and was great. The atmosphere was perfect. You don't have to be super dressed up, dressy casual is just fine. It is a bit pricey though, that would be the only reason I didn't give it the full 5 stars. I would say it was apparent because the place was pretty empty for a Thursday night. Will I go back, yes!
4	Me and my party ate here last night for my friend's birthday. It was recommended by a friend so I thought to give it a try and I was not disappointed, It is located at the Golden Nugget Casino and near the entrance of the casino. We got there early. I recommend making reservations. We waited at the little bar which was small but well stocked and the service was good. The atmosphere is old school steakhouse, dimly lit, leather chairs and wooden decor and even had some Frank Sinatra style jazzy music, how Las Vegas. It was crowded for a weekday and the noise level was a little loud. We were fortunate to get a very good waiter by the name of Hector. He was very professional, attentive and knowledgeable. We started with the lobster bisque, $9.99 which I would highly recommend. Me and my guest shared a porterhouse for 2 ($59.00 per person) and ordered sides of wild mushrooms and steamed broccoli. Everything is al a carte which is typical of fancy steakhouses. The wife had the grilled salmon that comes with lump crab meat. Well prepared and delicious. Her dish came with mashed potatoes and asparagus spears. The steak was a little undercooked for my taste, lots of rare for ordering medium but wonderful just the same.Along with a couple of nice glasses of Cabernet the bill came out to about $250,00.Not to bad for the money, after all this is Las Vegas, even if it is in the old side of casino row. There are lots of great steakhouses in Las Vegas and I would like to check a few more of them out for comparison. I really liked this one though.
2	If this place's prices were 20% less, I would give it 3 or possibly 4 stars.  This review is probably a 2.5, not fully a 2, but I can't go to a 3.  Don't get me wrong, it was a good, but not great meal.  The problem is that it's priced like it's Delmonico, Cut or Carnevino.  And, it ain't those places.  My wife had the special, which was crab stuffed lobster.  The lobster had a strong fishy odor, which indicated to us the lobster was not totally fresh.  Perhaps this was why it was used for the stuffed lobster rather than being steamed and served whole.  She had the filet, which was fine, but not overwhelming and certainly not worth the cost.  I had the ribeye, which again was fine.  Certainly better than your neighborhood Outback, but not worth anywhere near what they charged.  Service was adequate.  The wine list was average I would say, probably decent for downtown.  If you plan on spending this much on a meal, I would recommend Prime, Brand, etc.....
5	Amazing....GREAT food and GREAT service.  The staff was so friendly and helpful from the moment we arrived.  I dont think my water glass was ever less than 3/4 full before the staff refilled.  The attention to detail was fantastic.  As for the food, well I think it was as good as it gets. We ordered a steak for two...cooked to perfection.  I would recommend this place to all!  We will be back for sure!
5	Officially my favorite steakhouse hands down!  As if Vegas doesn't have enough to write about, this little gem is in one of the remaining standouts of what some call "Old Vegas".  The meal got off to a great start at the bar as we waited for our table.  The service was fast, the drinks were well made and naturally they were top shelf.  I was particularly pleased with the professional look and feel of the place.  Its very old school, mafioso, dark, white linen, with the sounds of clinking wine glasses and lively conversation in the background.  The food:  Excellent!  Your steak is served as intended, well aged beef cooked to order on a hot plate...nothing else!  Fantastic.  The sides are of sharable portions so agree on one for every 2 or 3 people unless you plan on toting a box of leftovers around Vegas.  The mac and cheese is perfect as is the smooth and creamy lobster bisque.  The other members in my party had several cuts of meat and one had a chicken dish...my sincerest apologies for not having info on those.  Fact is, I wanted every square inch of space in my belly for the rib eye on my plate.  Like sooo many other reviews about this place, it was melt in your mouth good.  We also ordered a chocolate gnash desert that could only be made better by eating it off of your favorite super models body, otherwise it was absolute perfection.  Service was superb.  Our waiter was attentive, informative and practiced.  He was professional and friendly.  Over all a fantastic experience.  I will definitely be returning.  Highly recommend this location to anyone.  You will not be disappointed.
5	Same awesome food and great service as you find at other V&As. This is a group that knows how to pick and cook a steak. It seems appropriate it is not on the strip and located in downtown Vegas. Cheers.
5	If you've ever eaten at an upscale restaurant on the strip, you probably have had the experience of feeling like you're in a fishbowl with everyone staring at you & judging how you're dressed. I know I have. What I really liked about dining at Vic & Anthonys, apart from the food (which was fabulous, more on this in a minute) was that I didn't get that "fishbowl feeling."  Not once. And the service was just as good as any of the five-star dining experiences on the strip. There were waiters, bussers, and servers filling your cup at every turn, never intrusive, always on the ball. I was impressed. The ambiance is old-school Vegas steakhouse, with old black & white photographs of celebrities gracing the walls, dark wood, wrought iron details, and lighting which made it cozy but not so dark that you couldnt read your menu (dont you hate that?)We ordered the lobster bisque with cognac - some of the best bisque Ive ever had - and the quail for an appetizer. Id never tried quail before, it was tender, juicy, and the skin was crisped perfectly. My mouth is watering now just thinking about it!I ordered the stuffed salmon in an attempt to eat (somewhat) healthfully. Salmon can be iffy, but I figured this place got a 4.5 stars, its bound to be good. I was mot disappointed. Wow, was it good! Lots of capers, just the right amount of sauce, i savored every bite. Surprisingly, the mashed potatoes were some of the best Ive ever had at a restaurant. My hubby was sneaking bites of them off my plate!He ordered the special, a snapper dish that he also enjoyed immensely. Then we shared the vanilla bean creme brulee, which was big enough for two and also some of the best creme brulee ive ever had. Thats three items that were the top of the list for me, EVER. Id say that makes this place a 5+ stars. A few side notes: there seemed to be a lot of men dining here with other men. I think the ambiance made them feel more comfortable (back to the goldfish bowl thing again). Also, it WAS pricey. Most of the entrees were in the $40- $50 range. A few were lower, like the chicken and salmon. The alcohol was pricey too, the low end was $15 per glass. You're not going to get away with less than $100 for two. More like $200. But well worth it for a special occasion. Hubby said he'd love to make this his go-to place for special occasions. I wholeheartedly agree.  Kudos to the Golden Nugget. I really enjoyed dining here and will certainly do so again.
5	Coming to stay at the Golden Nugget I started looking at the restaurants located in the hotel and saw the great reviews for Vic and Anthonys. This is one of those spots that live up to the hype behind the reviews.  Our server was so amazing. The guy knew his stuff when it came to food and wine pairing. A lot of yelpers talked about the lobster bisque so we had to try that. My wife said it was one of the best she ever had. The waiter even brought me a sample of the potato and cheese soup because I mentioned two my wife it sounded good. (ahh the little things) I threw down for some Kobe Beer and my lady got the Filet and Lobster (Dammnn girl *like Jaime Fox in Booty Call) Seriously her filet was so freaking good I had a little bit of food envy. Vegas is known for getting you to stuff your belly for as cheap as possible. But Vic & Anthonys is a reason to avoid that $1.95 buffet that will call from some tums later on and spend some cash (hopefully winnings) on a great meal. Get in here and dont be afraid to order that after dinner shot of cognac, and I hate cognac but when in rome....CHEERS!!!
4	I have eaten here a couple of times and food and service has been very good.  Old school feel inside of Golden Nugget.
4	Great Service, Great food!  Came here with a bunch of friends for their bday. Waiter was courteous and polite. everyone there had a smile on their faces.  I loved my dish. I ordered the Roasted Salmon stuffed with Crab meat, with asparagus & mash potatoe, omg, sooo delicious!  My husband ordered a steak, forgot which one, very tasty.  Ordered mushroom on the side, a bit too salty to taste. Everything was great, but it was a bit pricey. We had 8 ppl, ordered 1 bottle of red wine, most ordered steak except for 3 of us, maybe about 6 sides, came out to be $650. Or maybe that wasn't too bad...but given that this rest was inside Golden Nugget Casino Hotel...didn't think price would be high...but the food was delicious.
4	I ate here in Dec 2012 while staying at the Golden Nugget.  Both the food and service were great.  Additionally, the restaurant atmosphere was very nice.
3	Very good steak, but the review someone else had about the crab cakes was true, they are gross.  We both took a bite and asked for it to be removed from the table (the waiter had said they were the best anywhere....wow really?  Cuz yuck!  super old fishy tasting.)Otherwise the meal was perfect.  I just wouldnt order anything containing fish.  I would go back.
5	Was sort of intrigued with the rating for the place even though it's in downtown LV. (Golden Nugget)  Typically highly rated places here don't really warrant their ratings IMO (Hugo's cellar, Second Street Grill)   I thought this place has either got to be really good or really overrated.  But since we were going to be pretty close to it around dinner, and we wanted some steak, I thought let's try it.Got the Prime Ribeye (no bone) med rare.  Perfectly cooked, the meat had great texture throughout.  Seasoned just right as well, it was succulent and tasty.  Sometimes these prime or prime prime meats have chunks of fat in them; not this though, it was a nice and even. I even got the port peppercorn sauce on the side just in case but it wasn't really needed.Parents had the Filet Mignon and Veal Chop.   I think my dad liked the chop since it disappeared pretty quickly.Got the au gratin potatoes and the risotto (crab based) as sides.  The Au Gratin Potatoes had that nice deep cheddar flavor with a good crust as well.  I'm not a real 'crab' person but I appreciated how the risotto was so smooth with that good 'crabby' flavor.  Both sides were so tasty with a depth of flavor that seemed truffle oil-ish, but it wasn't overwhelming (so probably not?).Even though we were full from that, we got the Caramel croissant bread pudding.  It comes with a scoop of ice cream and toffee chips in the sauce (see pict). Each bite was sweet and succulent.Although price is usually a factor in my rating, this place's rating will be different.  The quality of each dish at this steakhouse matches the best steakhouse dinner I have ever had before (Mastros BH). Even being in downtown, it crushed other steaks I've had on the Strip (Craftsteak, Prime).  I haven't tried the very top steakhouses in LV but I know if I want some great steak in the future and I'm over here in downtown, I'll try to come back here again.
4	Starting off this is a typical US Prime Beef cooked with a Salamander steakhouse, If you been to Ruth Chris or Mortons in other cities, you know the drill here.This is probably one of the best nice dining spots in downtown.Starting off, on a busy Friday night with no reservations we were seated in about 40 minutes, which isn't bad considering we had no reservations. Instead of going to the in house bar to wait, we went to the casino cocktail lounge around the the corner and watched the shark tank and sports updates until we were called by the hostess for our seats.The venue is dark, classic steak house, it was busy, but it was also very private, as someone stated before, there are many restaurants which has a fishbowl effect with people gawking at you while dining, its not the case here. I've seen a few local celebrities here while dining. A good spot if you want to keep a low profile.The service was top notch. Our drinks were refreshed regularly, the staff was friendly and the courses were served in a timely fashion.Pricing is appropriate for a US prime steakhouse with market prices for beef and seafood. We never had any of the seafood so the review is focusing on the steak.Started off with cocktails and the bread roll which was very nice, soft and warm with whipped butter and a crispy crust.Followed that up with a Cesar salad and chili, the salad was ok, with a nice balance between tart and creamy. The chef special soup for that day was a prime beef chili which was horrible. They added sugar and what seamed to be off the shelf chili powder.. it wasn't much better than the stuff you get out of the can which is really unfortunate.The main entrees were cooked properly, nice well marbled beef with our table having steaks cooked from rare to medium, it has the buttery flavor you often see with the Salamander prepared steaks.The sides we had was Brussels sprouts, the potatoes au gratin, mash potatoes, asparagus and creamed spinach. All were excellent speaking from a standpoint that I hate brussel sprouts generally. The au gratin potatoes was loaded with cheese so expect a fair bit of grease.We skipped dessert. It's a nice option to have in downtown vegas, I'll be back again.
5	Simply Outstanding, What a wonderful evening at Vic and Anthony's, the service is always outstanding and our waiter (Luciano) was very knowledgeable and professional.  Now , to the food , for myself , the Colorado lamb chops were delicious , cooked to perfection, and served with a flavorful mint jelly, bread was warm and replenished as needed, I truly enjoyed it. My dining companion had the tuna with a pear salad and enjoyed hers as well, the companionship, service , quality of food and over all ambience was top shelf across the board, so good in fact I had to make it back, pan seared chicken one night ( moist , flavorful , perhaps best piece of chicken I have ever had) and then another round of the chops on another visit.  Check out this eatery  in downtown at The beautiful Golden Nugget , you will be glad you did.
5	My wife and I ate dinner here last weekend for our 28th anniversary. We were seated promptly at our reservation time. Our waiter was professional, knowledgeable, and personable. Our food was outstanding! For appetizers we had Oysters Rockefeller & Mushrooms. We both had fillet Mignon's and I had a lobster tail all of which were outstanding. Our steaks could have been cut with our forks; tender and well seasoned. Their wine list is extensive and the entire experience was over the top. We were even comp'd dessert for our anniversary. The dinner, no alcohol, was $150+ tip. While pricey, very well worth it.
5	Absolutely delicious food and first-rate service.  Make sure to get the au gratin potatoes.
3	Not a bad place at all so don't let my 3 stars think that is is not a great place but we ordered 2 dishes-the filet and the tuna. The Filet Mignon was some of the best steak i have had-yummy yummy yummy. The tuna was not that great and i barely ate any of it.  Wouldn't recommend it to anyone at all. Decor is dark and almost feel like you walked into a SpeakEasy. The TV at the bar kind of threw the whole thing off though. Unless there is some big event that everyone wants to watch like the Derby or Super Bowl, it should be turned off. It really detracted from the cool ambiance the restaurant had.The wine list is extensive and they truly have it all-even Screaming Eagle which is rare to find. If you go, get the Filet Mignon and you will have a fabulous dinner!
4	First tried calling for a reservation for the tasting room (private room).  I'm dinging a star from the review because I had to call multiple times to get everything correct: finally they just gave me the manager's email address and we corresponded that way.  After you visit the restaurant you can see why they have so much trouble: they take the reservations from the front desk, and it's just too loud.So I was in charge of preparing everything for 10 Japanese executives. Over email with the manager we created a set menu that had everything except dessert already decided.  They did a great job getting everything ready for us.Our menu was three appetizers (quail, crab cakes, jumbo shrimp).  My guests liked the quail and crab cakes, but the jumbo shrimp was pretty ordinary for them.  I liked the quail.What I thought would be the most boring part of the meal got the most positive response: the iceberg wedge salad.  The dressing was very good, and they way it's presented makes it appetizing.Next up was the filet mignon.  I had them cook the steaks medium with only salt and pepper.  Vic&Anthony's has a lot of options for sauces, but I think simple is always best with great meat.I met with Brian who manages all of the wine and explained the budget ($50 per person for initial drinks: beyond that each person must pay their own way).  This is a typical way Japanese groups handle these outings, because it gives some slack on what drink choices are available.  Brian suggested a magnum bottle of a good cabernet sauvignon, which hadn't even occurred to me.  It really impressed my guests because you don't see magnum bottles in restaurants very often in Japan.We ran out of wine just before they served the steak, so I went in half with one of our younger guests for a standard sized bottle of wine.  I wanted to get an idea of the wine markup, so I asked for a bottle of something I knew they would have.  Based on the price they quoted me, expect to pay between 2~3 times winery prices, which is a little on the high side for restaurants, but they brought out the decanter as well, so factoring in everything involved I can understand the higher prices.On the tasting room: it's private but not closed off from the rest of the restaurant.  Think of it like a VIP room in a club and that should give you a good idea.The service charge was included in the bill (20%), and if you pay with a credit card they'll ask to see some ID.
4	I'm just going to be honest and let you all know that my memory of eating at this particular steak house is a little fuzzy because I had been playing blackjack and drinking champagne for, oh about 7 hours before realizing that if I didn't eat dinner now!, then I would have to eat at a diner or some form of 24 hour place and it probably wouldn't be as good. Also, Nick has a tradition of wanting to eat at a steak house at least once while we are in Vegas and this was our only chance on the short trip we took there recently.With that said, I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed the meal and I'd easily go back again. I ordered a classic filet and Nick ordered a strip and both were cooked perfectly. We also shared some of the mac and cheese (sooooo good), the Brussel sprouts (eh, average), and a chop salad that I really enjoyed. And while I know it's not part of the menu, the bread and butter were worth mentioning as well. I'm normally not much of a bread person, as I prefer my carbs in the form of purer sugar, but man alive! I couldn't stop eating this stuff.While it isn't the high roller steak houses you can find on the strip I think the quality is definitely great here and you also miss out on the waits and attitudes you might find in some places on the strip. Plus the cost, while high, wasn't as high as some of the other steak houses I've been in Vegas. More money for doubling down is always a good thing!
5	Never in my life have I had a Fillet Mignon like this. It is impossible for anyone to make it better. Wonderful food, outstanding, actually more than outstanding service. Clearly one of the best, maybe THE best meal of my life. This place is heaven, expensive heaven, but heaven none the less.
5	Well, I thought I had been to some GREAT Stekhouses in the Phoenix area . . . boy was I wrong . . . this place puts them all to shame . . . from the atmosphere, to the service, to the food . . . I don't think it can get better.We started by telling the Sommelier that we were looking for a good reisling . . . while he had three specials for the night . . . he actully recommened the lower priced one . . . and he was spot on . . . it was unbelievable.Knowing we were going to be having desert . . . we did not opt for an appetizer . . . my wife had the wedge salad, and I the lobster bisque . . . both were very very good.The main course . . . the 16 oz. prime ribeye eith augrautin potatoes and wild mushrooms . . . the steak melted in your mouth . . . the potatos very cheesy . . . and the mushrooms very tasty.And finally desert . . . wife had the creme brule, and I the croisant bread pudding . . . I thought I had died to and gone to heaven . . . my wife, I thought she was going to move into the kitchen and live on creme brule for the rest of her life.Pricey yes . . . but it is definitely worth a stop once a Vegas Trip . . . WE SHALL RETURN . . . .
5	Can't say enough...continues to be the most amazing meal in Vegas! Not to be missed. Its elegant, romantic, and top notch from top to bottom. All of the staff is highly trained to give you a 5 star experience. Everything on the menu is outstanding! Smart, friendly, and well worth your time/$$. Love it more everytime! Thank you Victor and Brian for an amazing anniversary!
5	Hands down the best meal I have ever had!! The filet mignon is the best steak.  I love this restaurant.  We go to Vegas every year and we look forward to Vic and Anthony's each time.  I have recommended this place to many people and every one of them have LOVED it!!!  This place is top notch from the service to the fine dining.
3	Good service, dark, pricey, but decent eats.   I wanted a good steak. I knew this place was pricey, which it is, but I was craving meat.  My girl ordered the steak-lobster special and I ordered a 8 oz fillet, we both ordered them medium rare.  When the steaks came I was instructed to cut into the center and check it, if you dont like it we can fix it.  I'm like what?, but I'll get to this in a minute.  So the steaks come, hot as hell, I'm guessing they didn't even let it stand, anyway we cut into them as instructed and the suckers were cold and raw in the center.  It was even too rare for my girl which She will basically eat hers usually very rare.   The waiter instructs we we can just heat that up more.  Ok here's what I find wrong.   Medium rare should be warm in the middle, even by just pressing on the steaks I could tell it was rare.  Shouldn't a steak house charging these types of prices know better.  Once you cut the thing in half then put it back on the grill its going to dry out.  Away, so they give it a good again, steaks come back, plates hot as hell, but the damn thing is cold in the middle, huh?   The servicer quickly says , I have them make another one and hes gone.   So what comes out is this tiny fillet thats about 3/4" thick, dry and over cooked.    At this point, I realize this is not going well, I just shut my mouth and eat.  I'm  not all that hungry, since I was snacking on her lobster, which was good.  The pesto and basil mash potatos were very good.   So in the end, I left not filling my desire for steak from a steak house, bummer.  I can't knock the service, I found the service to be excellent, but in the end the steak was the disappointing.
5	Quite possibly the best food and service ever.  Our server Aniko Pal was sincere, humorous, and incredibly attentive to our needs. The salmon was simply divine and the mushrooms could have been the main course all by themselves. We are so grateful that our friend, a Las Vegas resident, insisted that we have our meeting at this location - or we would never have known about such an unexpected gem off the strip! I cannot say enough good things about Vic & Anthony's. Simply Put - WOW!
5	This place has the best and most flavorful steak I have had in a long long time. The waitress was attentive and the menu was mouthwatering. I had the bone in ribeye with crushed peppercorn and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since and it's been over a week now. It's located in the Golden Nugget and it is a must stop for anybody looking for a great steak dinner in Vegas
4	My experience at Vic and Anthony's was by far one of the best I've ever had.My guy and I had our last dinner here while on vacation in Vegas.We went all out and had the porterhouse steak for two with a side of broccoli and mashed potatoes with the added bonus of a fresh 3 1/2 pound lobster which I was able to select. The mashed potatoes were OK, not the greatest I've ever had as they were not quite mashed enough to my liking..there were still chunks of potatoes mixed in. The broccoli was good, hard to go wrong with a simple steamed broccoli.The lobster was outstanding and cooked to perfection! Super buttery and delicious, im salivating just thinking about it as I type this.Now, for the porterhouse...what a beautiful thick chunk of meat! The server brought it out to us and asked if it was to our liking, we gave him the OK he took it back and cut it for us.The meat was delicious up until the end where one side of it was a little tough but definitely still edible (this is the only reason why I'm not giving V&A's 5 stars).The service was impeccable, our server who's name I've forgotten was amazingly helpful and attentive. He genuinely seemed happy to be there and very knowledgeable about the menu, both the wine list and the food.It was our anniversary dinner and I had let that be known to our server whom at the end of the our meal brought us out a slice of cheesecake. And oh what a slice it was!I thought the portions they give out at the cheesecake factory was big! hahaIn conclusion, I would highly reccomend Vic and Anthony's as a place to go for a nice dinner. You forget that you are even in downtown Vegas when here.Good food and outstanding service! :)
5	I real gem in old downtown. I've been to this restaurant 3 times and every time it gets better. The service is nearly perfect and the food is consistently excellent.  My most recent visit a friend and I started at the bar and decided to have a few appetizers, oysters rockafeller - Scallops (with a slaw that will knock you out) and an heirloom tomato caprese style. All we're awesome.  The atmosphere is great as you'll hear conversation, laughter, great tunes in the background and little else. The staff are veterans that know the hospitality gig cold. Treat yourself to a good time and give this place a whirl.
5	The wife and I almost never spend $150+ on a meal, mostly because the expectations are so high, the results have a hard time living up. I would have been happy to pay double! This may have been the best meal I've even eaten. Steaks cooked perfectly, seafood risotto was amazing, and enough for two. I would seriously consider eating only one or two meals a week, just so I could afford to eat here!
5	Vic and Anthony's is awesome!  Best seat in the house is at the bar.   Do not forget to order the crab cakes.  Best ever!    They really take care of you!    Ordered a bottle of wine and they were out so they gave us a complimentary bottle of $150.00 cab.  We go when ever in Vegas!
5	I want to start off by saying what a great steakhouse. Has the old school feel to it. Not trendy or fake looking. Dimmer lighting and quit. Service was impeccable. Food was to die for. I had the 8 ounce fillet and Lobster tail. Both cooked to perfection and the wife had the shrimp and pasta. Tasted great as well. We had the calamari for an appetizer and it was lime heaven. The portion was almost too much. Prices are more than fair. Definitely treat yourself to this fine steakhouse.
5	One of the best steaks we've ever had...The filet was so tender it just melted in your mouth. The oysters were amazing and the service impeccable. This is just what I expected from a top notch restaurant like this. Dine here and you will not be disappointed. Worth every penny.
5	My favorite steak house.  Excellent meats & seafood selection; great service & atmosphere; fine service too. Buoy can keep Gallaghers, RuthChris, etc
5	From start to finish, this was top notch! My husband took me here for my 40th birthday and everyone knew, the meal was excellent, my husband really enjoyed his seafood soup ap, and his halibut. I loved my seared tuna, and for dessert we had croissant bread pudding, Devine. Every patron leaving kept shaking their servers hands and gushing about what a wonderful experience they had, including us!  Only sad thing for me was I was a little hungover from the previous day and was unable to partake in their fabulous looking cocktails.
5	5 stars for amazing customer service. Dave, Victor and Brian could not have done more to ensure our evening was unforgettable experience.
2	Over priced, over rated, and too big headed!  If only they had told us the creamed spinach side was the same glop that had put on the oysters rockefeller, we wouldn't have paid another $10 for it.This food is mediocre at best. I had the Halibut special.  The fish was dried out and fishy.  My husband had the Steak which was dried out on the outside and almost raw on the inside.  It was definitely not medium rare. Nothing comes with your meal and every side is almost $10. Would have been better off at the coffee shop.
5	The best place you'll ever eat at! The  service is amazing, I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	I like the dark, leather booth, steak houses around vegas and vic and Anthony's does it well.  there's a large beer, wine and specialty drink menu.  like most tourist places in vegas, the prices are high (16 bucks for a duvel). for dinner I had a Caesar salad.  it was very good.  the shaved parm, however, was a disappointing lower quality.  it lacked the nuttiness and crystallization of the real stuff.  for dinner I had veal Milanese.  it was pounded thin and cooked well but it lacked seasoning.  the veal should have been seasoned before breading and the breading would have benefited from some parm and herbs.  still, it was pretty good.  at 45 bucks i'm glad I wasn't paying.  finished with key lime pie.  it was ok.  service was excellent.
5	I feel like a broken record as all of the reviews are similar but it really was that good.  The setting is really romantic and we were upstairs in a private area with only a few other tables.  The lobster bisque is truly the best I have ever had with chunks of Maine lobster. The portobello mushroom app was large with large chunks of tomato, mozzarella & basil.  I had the chilean seabass a la nage at it was buttery and amazing.  My fiance had a 4 1/2 lobster ($140) (the waiter recommended we share but it was his birthday) and he couldn't even eat half of it but it was cooked perfectly! I had creme brulee served in a wide, narrow dish so there was a lot of crust and it was pretty good and they brought the birthday boy a beautiful (complimentary) croissant bread pudding that was pretty great!  This place is high end so it isn't cheap but I thought it was worth the money!  Victor was a truly gracious waiter and glasses never were empty and he anticipated everything. The only thing I didn't love was the hot tea; it was bitter but I just assume the water was too hot so it didn't steep properly.  Definitely will be back.  For a great deal, go to their website for the "distinctive" dinner...four courses for $50!  I had it and was so full I couldn't move!
5	The best meal I have probably ever had.  My husband & I eloped a year ago and renewed our vows for 20 family members & friends in Las Vegas.  We wanted a steak house for a couple of reasons; one to please the men in our party and also I have allergies to gluten and know that a steak-house menu is easy to order from.  We picked Vic & Anthony's based on their yelp reviews and availability on a Friday night (during a fight weekend).  We were sat right away and our server Annette was funny, curteous, and most importantly put up with our motley crew.  The sommelier on site was great too.  I forgot his name, but he had great suggestions.  The food - oh the food! - came out at a reasonable pace and was delicious!  Our friend actually said "I don't want to swallow because I want the taste to last forever!"Because we had a large party, we ordered a number of different items.  My personal favorite was the scallops and the cheesy potatoes.  The best part were the steaks!  They were seasoned perfectly and cooked to mouth-watering amazing-ness.  Most of us in our party work in the restaurant/bar/service industry and we were over the moon with this restaurant.It was a wonderful evening of food and family.  We will recommend this place again and again.PS - it was fun to walk out on to Fremont Street afterwards to people watch!
4	I did not expect the old strip to have a nice steakhouse but this place was great. I thought the old strip in general would be super ghetto and don't get me wrong it is a different scene for sure but it's really come a long way. The golden nugget has been updated nicely and Vic and Anthony's was delicious. Probably one of the better steaks I've had in a while! Nice wine selection and great service as well!
5	Located inside of the classic Golden Nugget this restaurant is one the best in the city.Pairing my filet mignon with a house red, the au gratin potatoes, brussel sprouts,  a risotto and topping my steak off with foie gras butter was simply one of the best dinners I've had in Las Vegas - and possibly at any steakhouse nationwide. The steak was perfectly cooked and had amazing flavors. The risotto special of the night was done so well, I was shocked at the thought of eating anything below its quality - the same can be said about the au gratin which were deliciously cheesy but still perfectly balanced. Additionally the brussel sprouts were fully seared and done perfectly as well.   I sampled the crab stuffed salmon and was pleasantly surprised by the plump amounts of crab and freshness of the salmon. The bone-in rib eye I sampled we excellent, and paired with a blue cheese sauce brought out the texture of the cut while adding a creamy texture to each bite. Our service was outstanding, prompt, and took care of our party so well I was simply impressed. What really made the experience standout was the time we came in - nearly 20 minutes until closing and still everything was excellent. 5 Stars - this location will not disappoint!
5	We recently had the pleasure of visiting Vegas for a bachelor party, and amidst the chaos a vacation of that nature causes, a Steak was definitely somewhere near the top of our culinary to-do list.A quick consultation with Yelp and Trip Advisor and we were en route to Steak heaven!I shared the Porterhouse for two with a friend, along with the fries. The steak really was sublime, cooked to perfection and of sufficient quality to make every bite divine. The side dishes were just as remarkable - something as simple as fries elevated to the next level with a wonderful tartare sauce and sea salt. Yummy!Just to add, our waiter - Patrick was a great guy and knew everything we asked of him, including wine pairings and recommendations for accompaniment with no pressure, a friendly, jovial tone and really helped to made our experience memorable.This restaurant will be getting my custom again, it's certainly worthy of the acclaim it's received on Yelp and TA.
4	I have to say I was impressed. I was in Vegas for the weekend (go figure) and one of my friends said he has heard rave reviews about Vic & Anthony's, however once I heard it was in Downtown Vegas at the Nugget I questioned how good would it be? Afterall I am not really a downtown Vegas type of guy but the other guys wanted to check it out so I went along. Decor is your typical dark wood and paneling steakhouse with lots of old photos on the walls, nothing too spectacular. The food on the other hand was very very good. everyone ordered a different cut of meat from a petite fillet to a huge bone-in rib eye, each with different preparation and temp from rare to medium well and everyone's food came out to their liking. Prices are not bad at all especially when copared to steakhouses on the strip. Now if you are on a budget this is a great place to eat some great food but don't forget to factor in a cab or limo ride fromt he strip to downtown. If you are staying downtown then for sure give it a shot.
5	This place is THE place to eat if you are at Freemont Street!My sister had her wedding at The Golden Nugget so she had her reception dinner here. There were about 30 of us and they had no problem accommodating us in the back corner of the restaurant. Everything about this place was good. The service: Our waiter was Matt. He was THE DUDE to have. He knew everything there was to know about the wine, beer, food and specials. He was courteous, fun, attentive and cute.The food: The food was outstanding. Our appetizers were crab cakes, calamari, beefsteak tomatoes and cheese, crab legs and bread. The crab cakes were to die for, they will spoil you forever for crab cakes anywhere else. The steaks were cooked to perfection, the seafood (I had the salmon) was excellent and the salads/soups were a good round up on the entrees. Their side were said to have been good, I only had the mashed potatoes which were decent.The drinks: The drink list, wine list and beer list is extremely impressive. We had a double magnum (yes, DOUBLE MAGNUM) of Prisoner that served the entire party no problem. The beer was exclusive, you don't find what they had on their menu anywhere else very often. The bourbon my husband had was 180 proof, crazy!All in all a great experience. I would definitely come back here again!
4	Wife and I ate here the first day we got to Vegas.  After a 6 hour flight and time spend getting to the hotel we were looking for a nice quiet dinner.  We were not disappointed.  We both thought it wouldn't be too busy on a Tuesday evening, but we were wrong.  It was about an hour to hour and a half wait, but that is on us, since we didn't make reservations.  They did take my cell phone # and would call when our table was ready.  We headed out to the casino.   I got a call after about an hour and we headed back to the restaurant.  The atmosphere is dark, quite, very nice.  We received bread and water almost immediately after we were seated.  Our waiter came over and went through the specials and menu.  We ordered the tomato and mozzarella salad for an appetizer.  I ordered the special which was a filet with three shrimp in scampi sauce, garlic mashed potatoes,and sauteed fresh vegetables.  My wife opted for the ribeye with baked potato.  We received our appetizer quickly and it had been split onto two plates which was nice.  Our steaks arrived shortly after we finished the appetizer.  Our waiter asked us to cut into them to check that they were done to our liking and they were.  The filet was melt in your mouth tender.  The veggies were a little under cooked, but I like them al dente.  The mashed potatoes had way too much garlic for my taste and I really like garlic.  My wifes steak had that nice intense beef flavor and was cooked perfectly.  The skin on her baked potato was a little tough, but inside was light and fluffy.  The service was awesome and we had a truly pleasant dining experience and were able to de-stress after traveling.
5	I consider myself to be a true food snob. I have two business partners who think that I am too picky when we go out to eat. When it comes to fine dining I am more than picky. I do not smoke so I truly can taste my food. Vic and Anthony's was my best experience I have had at any fine dining establishment. I had the 12oz filet and a 3lb Maine lobster which both were perfect. I had the bone marrow to go wiht the steak and again along with the wild mushrooms it was just mouth watering good. My wife thoroughly enjoyed her food too and the service was outstanding. I will be back without a doubt.
5	We haven't been here in years and had a dinner Tuesday night and went back Sat it was that good.  We eat at most the high end steakhouses in town but this place is really top notch!  Def have to try the traditional favorites like the ribeye and porterhouse!  All the sides and salads were huge and great!
1	Dear Vic & Anthony: If, as a steakhouse you can't do french fries, its does not instill confidence that you can do anything else.
5	Miguel was our server and he was outstanding!!! We were a party of 8 with several peeps in high demand of attention and he accomodated every request with a smile. If you order any of the side dishes, they can be shared amongst your party, they are huge portions!!! Caeser salad was heavy on the dressing with few crutons. Also had the crabcake; it was moist and very tastey!!!
5	We made reservations on open table for 8:15. There was a crowd in the door when we arrived and I was worried, but they whisked us to our table right away. This was my second visit to Vic and Anthony's. The first was just over two years ago for my brother's 21st birthday celebration. It was very enjoyable that time, so on this subsequent trip I recommended to my BF we make reservations as he is a steak house lover. Right at seating as we were being handed our menus and  warm bread was served with whipped butter. We got cocktails to sip as we looked over the menu and both my martini and the BF Manhattan was perfection.After some discussion of the menu with our waiter we split a wedge salad, BF also got the lobster bisque. We split their 22 oz bone in Ribeye and side of creamed spinach. The wedge salad was as huge and lovely as I remembered it from my first visit.. Very satisfying. We both love blue cheese and the dressing was light but flavorful. The lobster bisque was lovely. BF who gets it in many restaurants declares this version "very good". The meat is presented and it is cooked perfectly. To accompany we ordered two glasses of red wine, one a cab the other a Zinfandel. Waiter recommended the cab. We also requested the port peppercorn sauce. Everything complimented the meat perfectly. It was the best steak that has ever passed my lips. It was exactly how steak should taste. I can still taste it. Perfectly cooked. Just perfection.Creamed spinach was pretty good. I have had better. They do some sort of breadcrumb crumble on top, it doesn't add to the dish and that rich silky texture goes array. Please do not misunderstand, it still was lovely. Just compared to everything else, it was slightly below the mark.It was my birthday and they brought a complimentary desert. We also ordered a shot of espresso each. The moose tort chocolatey thing was divine. Coffee was perfect. It was a lovely touch.Two years ago, I got the veal chop and it was equally delicious. The port peppercorn sauce also complimented that cut as well. My dad and sister got seafood specials of the evening and still talk about how good it was. My stepmom was very happy with the filet and baked potato. Every time we order salads in restaurant my dad talks about the pear and saga blue cheese salad he had. My brother's veal milensese was a bit dry to him. He said it was good and it was, but he reached in for some of my sauce. He loved his lobster bisque. We still talk about the meal regularly, it was that memorable. After two visits with barely a hiccup and consistency in both flavors and service, I feel this is a solid 5 star restaurant. The ambiance is perfect as well as the service. It may be high prices for the downtown crowd but we did not feel it was over priced at all. In short, stop worrying, stop searching, make reservations, and enjoy a great steak dinner
5	Fantastic dinner  and the waiter was a older gentleman who knew his stuff and gave a great recommendation on the perfect glass of wine to go with my filet. A little expensive but worth every penny since it is a experience not just sitting down to eat your normal dinner. If you get a chance and your on Fremont street and you want a true dining experience hit this place up!!!!
5	I've never had a ribeye with so much flavor and cooked to perfection. Request the chefs perpetration, cost about $65 but it's worth every penny. It's like getting a complimentary reach around from the chef.
4	Ruben and I celebrated our anniversary here a couple years ago and we had a wonderful experience. It's been a while for me, however, Ruben took his mother for her birthday last year since we enjoyed it so much and they had a great time! We started our meal with the Calamari with Sweet and Spicy Peppers ($13), Beefsteak Tomato & Onion Salad with Roquefort Cheese ($11), and Lobster Bisque, finished with Cognac ($11). I enjoyed the sweet and spicy sauce on the calamari and the bisque was delicious. The salad was good, but disappointingly scarce with three slices of tomato and four very thin slices of red onion.Ruben and I both enjoyed an 8-ounce Filet Mignon ($39) with Wild Mushrooms ($11), Steamed Asparagus ($10), Macaroni & Cheese ($9), and Sea Salt Fries ($8) as our accompaniments. Their steaks are USDA Prime Midwest Grain-Fed and were perfectly prepared (medium rare) and really delicious. We were very pleased with all the side dishes as well.Service was spectacular and we enjoyed a complimentary chocolate cake at the end of our dinner. Vic & Anthony's has been a highly recommended steakhouse choice for both of us and we will always love to return!
5	Ate here for New Year's Eve. I had  the 8 oz fillet. Was prepared perfectly. Au gratin   potatoes were good as well as mushrooms. Wife and mother in law had the salmon. They spoke highly of it. Great service from Matt. Great place on Fremont.
4	Literally the best steak I've ever eaten. The ambience was nice, almost a little too dark and loud for me, but still enjoyable. One thing I wish the waiter or the menu had stated was that the sides are family style, so don't have a heat attack when you see that mashed potatoes are $10... There's more than enough for 2-3 people
5	My first time here was a treat for my birthday. Upscale, dressy vibe with a cross between business dinner and intimate dining. The portions are so large you are able to split a steak and take some home. Creme brulee is the best in the world! Not even the French have perfected as Vic & Ant has. Dine here for birthdays, guest in town, business dinners and any chance I can!!
4	We had a 10pm reservation on a Wednesday, got in town a bit late, got to the joint about 10:15 and decided to just sit at the bar have a drink, actually many drinks .So we ate at the bar and it was a great dining experience. Not a huge fan of downtown Vegas, but had been years since I've been there. We shared the ribeye, mushrooms, and cheesy potatoes. It was all quite delicious and would definitely go back. Well at least from what I remember... :)
5	Ok. the bottom line is i ate the BEST steak that i have ever eaten in my life at this place. I was familiar with all the stellar reviews and decided to venture to Freemont to check out Viv and Anthony's. I am a huge foodie and use yelp and trip advisor to help guide me in selecting top rated establishments. I was in the mood for a steak that rivaled my previously favorote steakhouse in Vegas: Mandalay Bay's Strip steak. I was a bit skeptical that Vic's could equal the cut i had at Strip Steak. Man was i wrong. Big time! First off, i don't mind splurging for a pricey steak every once in a while as long as it is worth it. Even though i really liked Strip steak a lot, i was simply not impressed with the 18 oz size. I know for most people this is plenty big. But if i'm paying a premium i expect at least 20, preferably 22 or 24 ounces for a 65 dollar steak. Vic's bone in ribeye clocks in at either 22 or 24, and let me tell you: when i first saw it the first thing i thought to myself is " it's a good thing i'm pretty hungry." The server brought it out and warned me to be careful because the plate was piping hot. He then told me to cut into it to make sure it was medium rare as i requested. I did so and it could not have been cooked more perfectly despite it's size. i took the first bite and the flavors burst through like no other steak i had ever tasted. The damn thing was so juicy that i had a little puddle that formed in the botton of the plate that allowed me to simply enjoy at as a de facto steak sauce. I cut the steak into multiple bite size pieces and completely destroyed every bite. The most amazing thing i noticed was that each bite was just like the first. It was as if my palate was cleansed after  every bite. The ladies sitting at the bar next to me were in awe that i devoured the sizeable cut in such short order. I told them that i simply couldn't help it. The damn thing was just that incredible. Needless to say Strip Steak is a thing of the past for me. THIS place is where i will eat steak exclusively in Vegas from here on out. Keep in mind how incredibly difficult it is to garner 4 1/2 stars on yelp after 200 plus reviews. This place has earned every bit of the hype. The atmosphere is intimate and has that old vegas vibe. I went on a Saturday night and there was a line, so i sat at the bar. I knew when i saw the crowd that the place must be something special. And it most certainly was. My meal consisted of oysters rockefeller that were pretty good. A bit too much spinach and parmesan, but the oysters were big and very tasty and their flavor wasn't at all overpowered by the toppings. Unlike most places. Next time i'll simply request a little less of both. I ate my steak a la carte because i knew it was huge and i didn't even want a salad to go with it. The 65 dollar cut i had is known as the chef's cut and believe me: It was worth every single penny!
5	This place is seriously amazing. 5+++ stars with a silver lining that shines.I made reservations here for a pre-birthday dinner after seeing some of the reviews on yelp & taking in different factors (price, food variety, wine list.) Seriously did not disappoint & the food lived up to the hype. Quite possibly one of the top 2 most delicious filet mignons I've ever had in my life - and I have had my fair share, it's usually my go-to. Reservations were for 4, and I decided to have their prix-fix which included lobster bisque, filet mignon, creamed spinach & creme brulee all for $50. The filet alone was worth $50 and everything else was delicious too... I actually gave my meat an applause & saluted the last piece before I ate it. If a vegetarian would have tried it, I'm sure they would have been happy that the animal turned into a fine mouthwatering morsel. Life changing it was.Other food at the table included an oyster platter, where the oysters were very big but our oyster expert friend was amazed at how good they were for being so big (I don't eat them.) A wedge salad that looked big & satisfying, a large cheese & meat plate that our friends mostly wrapped up to eat later. My dinner date had some chocolate cake souffle thing and I - who doesn't care a whole lot for chocolate - would really like to eat it again. If you love wine - they have an amazing wine list as well. I only had a Malbec & a sparkling wine but I could have moved into their wine cellar. Ambiance was great, staff was pleasant & attentive, the only thing I could possibly think of that I didn't like was the restrooms were out in the casino. But I'll gladly walk 10 times for the food here, especially with great service at a decent price.Everyone in our group loved it & will definitely be going back!
5	I I went there on January 1, 2014 around 8ish. We were super casual and sat at the bar. I have been on a low carb for about 2 months and dropped like 20lbs for my wedding.  So all I wanted was CARBS! So I got a mushroom and chicken risotto and mac and cheese and a glass of Reisling I was eating like an animal. No really animals. ..my husband ate some white fish with a balsamic reduction sauce and vegetables and a Heineken.  The bar tender was so friendly and nice despite our casual attire.  I could barely walk after wear those 4.5 inch heels for 9 hours..so a beautiful end of wedding day meal.
4	I go to Vegas once a month for work and stay downtown. This is by far my favorite steak house in Vegas. The food for the price is great. I have been to other steak house on the strip and they do no t compare in taste or price to what Vic and Anthony's has to offer. I always sit at the bar and the tenders are more than friendly and professional. I have asked for slight changes in my app and the kitchen will always accommodate, the filet always cooked to perfection. They serve a drink in a tumbler. Always good! Though someone in another review complained the key lime pie was too crusty, the key lime pie has a crust and the actual filling is the tartness it should be.
5	Vic & Anthony's is located inside the Golden Nugget right next to the lobby/check-in counters.  Compared to the other restaurants in this hotel it is very discreet and kind of hard to find on the bustling casino level, but there are several signs directing you which way to go and plenty of employees who could do the same.The first time I went was on a Saturday at about 7pm, and it was very busy. I was by myself and looking for a restaurant with a nice bar area where I could have a drink and a nice dinner alone, without feeling too on display.  Though at full capacity in the dining area, the hostess took me immediately to the bar area where there were a few empty spots and I was seated promptly, a pleasant surprise.  The bar area is fantastic, classy, comfortable, and removed from the dining area enough to feel a more comfortable/casual atmosphere, yet close enough to feel an elegant and intimate vibe.Though the bar was busy on both occasions, I was immediately acknowledged and given a dinner menu and wine list.  After debating over what drink to order, I was greeted by the sommelier, Brian, who was very educated and passionate about the wines offered.  It was an added treat to talk to someone familiar with the Washington wineries I have so often visited. Despite his extensive knowledge and expertise on the subject, he explained the selections very clearly and in a way that did not overwhelm me and or seem pretentious, as sommeliers so often tend to be.  It was very refreshing and his suggestions were excellent.  The wine was definitely a highlight of my vacation.The lead bartender both nights, Noah, was hands down the best I have ever come across. It was very fun to watch him make drinks all night. Friendly, efficient, and masterfully trained.  His cocktails were like works of art and so exciting to watch him create.  He also gave me suggestions on the dinner menu, all of which were perfection.  The first night I ordered the raw oysters as an appetizer, and they were wonderful.  There were 6 oysters served on the half shell on a bed of ice with fresh horseradish, tabasco, lemon, cocktail sauce, and mignonette as accompianments.  I am a big oyster fan, and these hit the spot.  This was followed by the wedge salad which was so good I ordered it again the following night. A heaping plate of creamy, tart roquefort cheese and crisp iceberg lettuce, it was the best I had ever had. And at $9 it was a steal! The following night Noah suggested the crabcake as an appetizer, which I was hesitant about because I have had so many bad ones, but trusted his judgement and went with it.  This was absolutely delicious. For dessert you must order the bread pudding.  I was told it was award winning, and was not disappointed.  I had this both nights as well, justifying this indulgence by telling myself I was on vacation and could eat whatever I wanted... No regrets.If you are anywhere near the Las Vegas area, you must come here.  Could not recommend this place enough!
5	Went there for a celebratory dinner, and was wowed by how great the food was. Filet mignon was very flavorful, wife's tuna was superb, side dishes amazing. Even vanilla ice cream had deep vanilla taste.  Wait staff capable and friendly.  Pricey, but for a special occasion well worth it.
5	A great place! Eight of us had dinner and all eight of us were totally happy. The food was delightful from steaks to seafood to salads. The service was 5 star to say the least. The restaurant was cozy and very comfortable. All eight ladies gave it a 5 Star both food and service. We can't wait to go back to Vegas, we will surely have dinner here again.
3	We decided on having the chicken.  I'm assuming most people go for the steak but I'm a sucker for good chicken and I figured this place would be a hit.  We were so disappointed.   The chicken was very dry.  It came with mashed potatoes that were nothing spectacular, just home made.  It also came with two spears of asparagus that were cooked well but bland.  We both commented that I could have made a better dinner at home.  I didn't come to Vegas to spend so much on chicken that I could have done better myself.  I was so bummed out.  We did have the scallops as an appetizer and they were pretty good on their own.  The mix that came with it had dry old bacon bits in it.  So I guess my only advice is don't bother with the chicken unless you are looking for a dried out home cooked meal arranged all fancy on a big plate.  I will say however, the service there was excellent and I give that part 5 stars.
3	It was good.  Good service.  Tasty food.  Cool location.  The quality off the meat though doesn't match the price.  Filet mignon was kind of tough.  Ordered medium rare, was served medium well and half of it had a black hard carbon shell.  The crab cake was good!I've had better steak at home or even at chains like saltgrass.
5	This place is truely the best dinner i have ever had in my life.the cold water lobster melted in your mouth and had good melted butter.the bone in filet with potatoes and asparagas was a special and it was killer!so much flavor.there was this creamy white sauce and fresh herbs tossed with these flavorful fried red potatoes.none of the food needed any salt and pepper at all.the service was the best service i have ever had in my life at a restaurant.they brushed this knife over the table and picked up all the crumbs after appetizers and constantly replaced your fork and made sure everything was perfect.the ladies were served first n get to order first.i thought that aas nice too.the waiters/waitrssses were all so knowledgable about the food they gave percect detail and we asked lots of questions too!this place is a jewel in las vegas
4	Okay, if you're a guest of the casino, Vic & Anthony's has one particular meal that you simply can't pass up.  It's an Australian lobster tail they fly in and it is gooooood.  The reason I mention guest of the casino is because while I love an awesome lobster, this particular one is outside the range of what I'd pay for a single meal; it's I think around $120 to $130, and that's before you order drinks, apps, sides, etc. If Golden Nugget is picking up your bills though, oh mama, you better order this monster.  It's very close to a pound, post-cooked weight, so you could probably even split it if you wanted.  It's an unusual taste, kind of sweet, so completely different than what you'd get from a Maine lobster tail.  I had it twice on my last visit, saved half and turned it into breakfast the next day; simply fantastic.As far as everything else goes; I've always been very pleased with the food and drinks here.  The place is very dimly lit but still has enough light to see some of the old Vegas memorabilia on the walls; lots of photos from days gone by.  The service has been excellent every time I've visited.  They, along with Golden Nugget, are also very accommodating to guests of the casino, so if you're a last minute kind of person, and they are full, ask your casino host to get you in and it will happen; love the service from them and Golden Nugget.Their caprese salad is excellent; large fresh crisp tomatoes and big blocks of mozzarella with just the right amount of balsamic vinegar and basil.  Steaks; fresh and always cooked perfectly.  Their servers, and more importantly their cooks, understand how to cook a steak Pittsburgh style so don't hesitate to order it that way if that's how you like it.  Even the sides are excellent; cream corn, onion rings, etc.There are a million steak houses in Vegas, and this is probably my number three option; good enough to go out of your way for.  Just as a point of reference, my #1 is N9NE at the Palms; their surf & turf is simply the best meal I've ever had, so it will be very hard for anywhere else to ever displace them.
5	A 5 star restaurant all the way around. Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse is really the pinnacle of great food.The wait staff knows exactly what they are doing. Our waiter was able to recite a long list of delicious sounding specials from memory and was well-versed in proper dining/serving etiquette . I ordered the salmon and was truly blown away. I was expecting great, but what I got was on another level. Top 3 all-time on the salmon list (and I eat salmon a lot!). Wild-caught Alaskan salmon which a creamy sauce. Yum! The atmosphere is very similar to what you would see in a nostalgic Brooklyn mob lounge, upscale with just enough lighting to see your partner across the way.The price is not cheap, so don't go to Vic's unprepared. But for an exceptional restaurant away from the strip, Vic's is the place to be.
5	Stop reading this review and go eat here. Seriously. I do not think I've had a more perfect meal in the longest time, if ever. I mean, from the moment we walked in to the moment we left, perfect. I came here on a Saturday evening a few weeks ago with my friend to celebrate my 30th birthday. The only thing I wanted out of this dinner was a perfect filet mignon and a drink, and that's it. While I appreciate a nice steak, I'm very basic in what I'm looking for. I really only want to talk about the food, so suffice to say the service and ambiance were perfect. I have nothing to complain about, so let's get to the food. Our appetizer was quail -- absolutely perfect. I wish I could use profanity to explain the amount of motherlovin' flavor on those guys. Yeah there's not a lot of meat, but oh my face they were perfect. The flavor was absolutely on point and they were cooked to perfection. I, at that point, was pretty ready to die. We also each ordered the lobster bisque: I personally thought it was on point, but my buddy said he thought it should've had more texture. My buddy ordered the special that night, which was a buffalo steak served with mashed potatoes and scallops. I ordered the filet mignon, cooked medium. Both were perfect. I mean, I'm an ok cook, but I'm in the d-league compared to the gentleman who cooked our meals.The place isn't cheap. For us two dudes, our total was somewhere around $200. That total included 2 lobster bisques, quail, filet mignon, buffalo, and we each had one drink. All in all, totally worth it. As a matter of fact, I think I know where I'm going for my 31st birthday!
5	Excellent experience overall. Good selection of scotch, excellent appetizer. Main courses were delicious!! And our waiter, Victor, was very helpful and knowledgeable. Highly recommend to anyone who wants to have a quality dinner around Fremont St.
3	The food is good, but just good. The  service is good. We had crab cake appetizer, and Gordon Biersch is much better. The steak was ok, but much like a 15.00 Applebee's type. We had the ribeye. The best part of the meal was the salmon, which was very good. The seating is not appropriate for the prices charged. They are few "private" tables, and we shared a bench, with a large party (8 or so.) Not ideal for a special birthday dinner. One appetizer, one salad, and two entrees - no alcohol, and the bill was 160.00 - too much for the quality. There are too many other really nice restaurants in Vegas, to go back here. Sorry, I really hoped this was going to be a better review.
5	A second visit, and a second 5 star rating.We wanted somewhere exceptional for our wedding night, and after evangelizing about the porterhouse for 6 months after I first tried it, my new wife was keen to try Vic & Anthony's and see what the fuss was about.Suffice to say they stepped up again and delivered the best steak I've had the pleasure of. Our server this time was Matt (I think - he had an awesome 'tache!) was brilliant, kept the drinks coming, the tone fun and friendly, and upon finding out we were 4 hours wed brought us a free desert and drink. The cocktails are delicious, mad strong, leg stealing and delicious. Highly recommended.I love this place, and can't wait to get back there in the fall.
5	AMAZING i loved loved there sea food cocktail ..  i don't eat meat but my fiance and father were equally impressed.. large portions huge we weren't expecting such portion and ordered 5 sides , too much.  we had left overs for two days
5	Some of the best service and food that I've had in Vegas. The servers are attentive but still give diners their space- a rare trait. Tried the ribeye, splurged on the caviar and had the wedge salad. All were impeccable and delicious. Dinner was so good that I almost forgot that I was at a work function. Yum.
3	Service was great, food was decent. They sure rack up the random charges... All and all I would say they have good food, but it's definitely overpriced. I have had way better dining experiences for much cheaper.
4	I started off annoyed that they wouldn't seat us on a Tuesday night at 7:30 until all of our party of 6 was there. Generally, that is not the practice in Las Vegas. However, the giant aquarium nearby (with a tube for bathers to slide thru among the sharks) makes for a pretty entertaining place to wait. And, in fairness, once we got seated, it didn't seem like there were empty tables.Once we were seated the service could not have been better. Our waitress struck the right balance between friendly and intrusively friendly. There were always assistant wait staff to fill water glasses and take plates away. One never had to look for the waitress for help with some item. I liked that our waitress told us the specials and the prices. I don't like to ask what the price is but I do like to know. I was a little annoyed that some of the menu items were "market price."The complimentary hot bread was not really great; it usually isn't in Las Vegas.I had the salmon which turned out to be the value meal as well as the allegedly heart healthy one. It was $29 and came on a bed of mashed potatoes, and with three big asparagus spears cooked just right, along with some diced tomatoes and capers.  My wife had the 16 ounce prime rib eye steak at $46 by itself. I had one bite and had to admit that it was delicious. It was rare with a charred surfaces. I avoid charred meat out a concern that it might be unhealthy, but it sure tasted good. She also got a monster $9 baked potato that was shared. One of my sons had the $10 roasted beet salad as an appetizer which we passed around. It was impressively good. Another had the pepper crusted tuna which was a generous portion at $36.I would have preferred slightly softer music. It was a tough decision whether to give this a four or five star rating. I think you can expect consistently good service and food, albeit it pricey.
5	We are Vegas locals and picked this spot for a night on the town with friends. We made a reservation for 10 and were give the private room in the back. Decor is dark, mahogany, jazz music and white table cloths. Great atmosphere, you forget you are right in the center of Fremont Street. The service was excellent, with an extensive wine and cocktail list. I had the pear cocktail which was sweet, but a perfect start to the night. My friends had old fashioneds and sazeracs...lots of bourbons and ryes to choose from...We started with a round of appetizers--the tartare and cheese plate. Both were excellent, but I have to call out the cheese/meat plate as outstanding. The truffle salami was superb and the three cheeses they selected were liked across all guests at the table. Next we ordered salads--all of which were VERY generously sized. I had the roasted beet salad and highly recommend! The beets were fresh and the goat cheese dressing was the perfect balance to the sweetness in the beets. For dinner I had the filet--cooked perfectly--and everyone at the table was pleased with their steaks. We tried several of the sides...MUST try is the au gratin potatoes (as long as you like A LOT of cheese) and the mac and cheese. Mashed potatoes were good, but didn't compare to some of the other options.A few of us tried desserts...again...awesome. I had the croissant bread pudding (which was a HUGE serving...definitely share with several) and my friends had the strawberry ice cream. All in all...great evening and overall dining experience. One of the few places that actually lives up to "strip prices"...Between the ten of us, we've tried several of the downtown steakhouses and this was one of our favorites! Great evening, service, we will all be back!
2	The service was great but the fillet was hard to cut with the knife.?? The sides were great and the drinks were ok.
5	We've been to Vic & Anthony's 2 times now and it's possibly the most consistently excellent restaurants we've ever been to (and we go to some pretty nice restaurants). We've had their steak, fish, and chicken, and several different sides, and all were excellent.Literally everything is bursting with flavor in a way that is rare. I especially recommend the Brussels sprouts and mushrooms. But really you can't go wrong.We rarely get restaurant dessert and I'm really over bread pudding, but succumbed to suggestions to try their "award-winning" version made from croissants (!). It was phenomenal!Their service is also fantastic: courteous, attentive, friendly, professional without being stuffy. It looks and feels like an old-school steakhouse for old men with cigars but we're comfortable going as total tourists in shorts and T-shirts.It's not cheap but it's totally worth it, and sometimes we go and split an appetizer and entree and get out of there for not a lot.
5	Just ate here and it was phenomenal. We had seen a prix fixe menu online on the Golden Nugget website and carelessly forgot to print it. Our waiter was super nice and printed it for is and allowed us to order from it. Thanks :)I had the filet and the husband had the fish of the day (halibut). My filet was perfectly medium rare and the sides, au gratin potatoes, were to die for. For real. I'd die for them. Husband's halibut was a bit dry on top, but the flavor was very good. We also got bread pudding for dessert. Amazeballs. The other two diners we were with enjoyed their meals as well. Lobster bisque is apparently fabulous and the roasted chicken was perfect. Go here. Spend the money ($50 for a 3 course, with side, prix fixe). You will not be disappointed.
5	Simply put - one of the best meals ever !  Annette was our server and she was great - very professional with a sense of humor as well.  Their portion sizes are large and cooked to perfection.  Ambience was very nice - dimly lit, nice pictures on the wall to look at.  Well worth every penny.  You are actually made to feel "special" here.  Highly recommend this establishment located inside The Golden Nugget.
5	Everything was amazing. Went here for a year end bonus and enjoyed every bit from the lobster bisque to the bourbon caramel bread pudding. The steak was perfectly cooked and wonderfully tender. The oysters frsh and the cucumber mignet was refreshing and tangy.
5	I went to Vic & Anthony's for the first time this weekend. Our server, Matt, was super-fast and efficient, as well as friendly and amiable - everything you could want in service, really.  I like the ambiance of the place, too - it's dark but not too dark, and has an intimate feel.  I like that it's a bit loud, too - it doesn't feel too formal that way.  Now on to the food...We had the seared scallops appetizer, with three jumbo scallops on a drizzle of tabasco-cream sauce and a side of apple & bacon slaw.  It was good, I can't complain about it.  It just paled in comparison to the steak that was to come!I had the small filet and (recklessly) ordered it with the bone marrow bordelaise on top.  It was an experience I'll never forget, but I doubt I'll order it that way again.  Don't get me wrong, it was mega delicious... just unbelievably rich!  If you want to try this sauce, I recommend you just get a side salad to balance out your meal.  My husband also got a filet, and had his with the king crab fondue.  It was also really good, and nowhere near as rich as the bordelaise!  The steaks had such a great flavor - I can't remember ever tasting a better filet.  In fact, next time I go I imagine I'll skip the special toppings and just enjoy the steak's natural beauty.For our sides, we ordered the wild mushrooms and the au gratin potatoes.  The mushrooms weren't at all overshadowed by the rest of the food; they were really flavorful and we ate the whole dish.  The potatoes were excellent.  Don't tell my mom, but she never made au gratin potatoes as tasty as these.  They're gooey-cheesy with a perfectly browned top, and I don't think the butter was skimped on in the making of this dish.  This is one where I would love to get my hands on the recipe and try to make it at home.  Overcome by the food, there was no way dessert was happening.  I really want to try their croissant bread pudding someday though.  Mmmm.
5	We went on a recent trip to Las Vegas.  The food was excellent, service was professional, and staff was courteous.  Everything was a la carte and the sides were very big as was the salad.  We got the market ribeye which were $68 each.  I've been to several high end steakhouses and this was as good as the rest.
5	Ok, I wanted to update this review based on the EXCELLENT management that gave me a wonderful experience for my 30th anniversary awhile back.  Really?  The best steak (and it was a New York)  I have had at any time in Las Vegas.  I love this place and so will you.  I know good restaurants and I know damn good art.  Trust me.
5	BEST STEAK HOUSE IN VEGASI've eaten here many times -- you can't get a bad meal and the service is amazing
5	Amazing Dinner at the Vegas location!! We made a reservation but arrived early and opted to dine at the bar. Service was fantastic, great recommendations on both food and wine. Scallops cooked perfectly, the potatoes au gratin were the best I've ever had! All that being said the steaks were still the star!! We were too full for dessert but finished with a 100 proof Irish whiskey the bartenders recommended that perfectly finished off the experience! With full bellies and hot cheeks we hit the floors to gamble.  Definitely a recommend!!
4	"Much Better the Second Time Around"I wrote a pretty poor review a few months ago, but decided to try Vic and Anthony's again. Much better! Four of us each had a steak and we shared the mushrooms and creamed spinach. Steaks were cooked perfectly and delicious. I did rave about the mushrooms last time and still do. The creamed spinach is also very good.
5	Best steak dinner in town so far! I was very pleasantly surprised with how good the steaks were. My husband & I went for an early dinner on a Saturday. The place is dimly lit & has the old school darker decor with some framed pictures on the wall. There is an intimate feel but not crowded like I've seen at other more modern strip casino steak restaurants where you are seated close to others but yet can barely hear your own conversations because of how loud it is.I felt comfortable to have been wearing jeans, a nice top & heals, without feeling under dressed. It is definitely not a shorts & sandals kind of place but how many steak restaurants are aside from Outback? Jim was our server & he was professional, polite, & came around just enough times to make sure we were taken care of but also allowed us to enjoy our dinner. His team was also very efficient in quietly clearing the table in between courses. We started by splitting a Caesar salad. It was good but nothing special. I had the 12 ounce filet and husband had 14 ounce prime NY strip. Both were cooked to our liking & seasoned well. The steaks were moist & very flavorful. My filet was the cleanest piece of meat I have had. I had absolutely no gristle & didn't cut away any bit of it. It was tender & needed no sauce whatsoever. They were served on piping hot plates that kept the steaks very warm but didn't cook it. We also ordered au gratin potatoes & steamed asparagus. Potatoes were slightly saltier than I liked but very creamy & cheesy and decadent. Asparagus were cooked perfectly, al dente. The food was so good, we laughed at how quiet we both were, just savoring every bite & not saying too much. We finished off the meal with some really good coffee & a nice chocolate mousse  that was a perfect end to the incredible meal. Ive been to a few steak places in town but compared to some places I have been to such as Strip Steak, Hugo's Cellar (both horrible meals & we felt ripped off by the first)The Barrymore (great meal), Flemings, Mon Ami Gabi, Morton's, SW Steakhouse, Sonoma Cellar, Del Friscos, and Hanks to name a few, this was the meal we enjoyed the most! Now the bar is set.
5	Stayed at the Golden Nugget and we ate dinner here all 3 nights-it was THAT amazing! The pan-fried chicken is the best chicken I've ever had...and the Lobster Bisque is even better! The steaks are so tender & seasoned perfectly! For all you wine lovers-they have a very extensive wine binder...yup no list here! We will definitely be back!!!
4	Our waiter Dennis was excellent food was very good the croissant bread pudding was to die for. I would go here in second again.
4	Fine dining, romantic atmosphere. Great steaks, exceptional bone-in filet mignon. Definitely a place to come back for more!
5	This restaurant is simply amazing. It is my second visit here, both times with my daughter. Both times the food, ambiance, service were nothing less than exceptional. Our server last year, Victor, remembered us and although he was not our server this time he still checked on us multiple times, as did other staff. Our server Nick was professional and efficient. He made excellent recommendation in food and beverage.
5	This place is AMAZING. My friends and I had the best meal we've ever eaten, here. We received great service, as well, including a table visit from the Executive Chef. This is, by far, the best steak place we've ever eaten.  If you go to Vegas, do NOT miss this place.
3	Very mediocre at best. The ribeye was okay, not $46.00 okay.
5	Awesome restaurant it's my favorite place in Vegas. They have New York strip to die for. They have a romantic atmosphere. Warning the restaurant has dim lighting perfect for a dinner date. They do offer a delicious lobster bisque. And they have the best creme brulee in town!
3	We ate here Monday June 7th.  My wife had the lobster bisque which was good (A-)and the spinich salad, also good (B+).  I had the bone in filet, which was very tender, I'd guess 14oz as advertised but really tasteless. After two bites and a conversation with our waiter, I was compelled to order a sauce to add some taste.  It helped but I was charged the three bucks for the sauce -which I thought odd under the circumstances. Additionally this steak was $67.00!  Now I try to never let the price of a meal affect my opinion but I must admit it may have this time.  Steak gets a shaky C.As a a side we had the chips and strings and they were OK but pale in comparison to The Palms version. (B-).The hostess greeting was OK, if a bit lackluster but we found it odd that a couple who checked in right behind us without a reservation were seated ahead of us (we had reservations). Give her a C.Our waiter was competent but offered little help in menu discussion, showed no personality and seemed to be doing little other than going through the motions. Another C.Landry's and The Golden Nugget need much more from this place if they want to compete with the strip.  Our meal at Andiamo (at the D) was far superior in every way.
2	I wanted to love this place, I didn't.  Solo dinner, sat at the bar and that was my mistake.  Food was amazing; fillet Oscar, creamed spinach, brussel sprouts, bread pudding.   There were three bartenders behind the bar providing service for five of us.....   I felt completely ignored, to the point I spoke to management.   They don't know they have a problem if no one speaks up.  He knew it was bad.  He talked to me for at least ten minutes, the entire time both my coffee and water were empty and no one did anything!   He finally said something to the bartender, and admitted he was embarrassed and sorry.  I am guessing the dining room is different.  I say again, food was amazing,I will be craving that creamed spinach!
4	When you walk in to speak with the host you see a nice display of steak and lobster which starts your appatite. The ribeye was cooked perfectly and the waiters were decent. Best steak house off the strip.. great selection of wine
5	I had a $25 birthday credit with my Landry's card and I wanted a good meal.  So, I decided to try this place.  I've eaten at the one in Houston before and I wasn't impressed.  However, I was blown away by how good it was.  The Beefsteak Tomato and Mozzerella Salad is incredible.  Then I had a perfectly cooked and flavorful Filet Mignon and Au Gratin Potatoes.  It was outstanding and one of the better meals I've had here in Vegas.  I ate at the bar and the bartenders were super and very attentive.  I will be eating here on my birthday every year that I live here and I will be eating there more often.  Spectacular!
4	We went out with a couple of our friends and had a great time. This was our first time here and I do have a few complaints as well as praises.1) At first, when we arrived at the hotel, we were informed that we couldn't valet unless we were staying at the hotel, and that the garage sign said it was full. We drove around for about 10 minutes before asking again about the garage, and were then let in after telling the guy at the gate that we had reservations. When we got into the garage, it wasn't even close to full.2) We called ahead and made reservations and then had to wait almost 30 minutes to be seated. There were people that just walked up before us, with no reservations and still got in before us. What's the point of making reservations?3) The saving factor was that once we were in, the customer service was good and the food was excellent. My wife and I had a whole lobster, which ran about $90 by itself. We had the crab cakes for the appetizer, which we shared with our friends. They ordered oysters that they shared with us.For the main course, we both had blackened ribeye and a baked potato. We had other food that we tried as well, but when it was all said and done, we spent about $385 with tip. Our friends spent $140+ tip.It was definitely worth it if you're looking for somewhere very nice to eat. We sat and talked for about 45 minutes after we finished the meal and they continued to serve us water and iced tea (what I had). Not once were we rushed.If I didn't have the parking and reservation complaints above, they would have gotten 5 stars from me.
5	Wow, this place was amazing.  Old world feel with Sinatra and Dean music in the background.  Our waiter Jim and service was excellent, loved the New York Strip and Lamb Chops, creamed spinach was to die for.  If our heading for Fremont Street and don't mind paying for a great meal, book this experience today.
5	Absolutely fantastic! Filet mignon was perfect and the mashed potatoes were to die for. Dessert was delicious as well. Must say, fantastic customer service!!!! A must try!
5	Prior to our trip to Vegas, I went on a Yelp bookmarking spree for places to eat and visit, and one of the restaurants that I bookmarked was Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse. Luckily for us, the restaurant is located at the Golden Nugget, where we were staying. We also received a $125 gift certificate for the restaurant after attending a timeshare presentation. It seems like we were destined to dine there!We were able to make a reservation easily through OpenTable on the Yelp app. As we entered the restaurant, we were awed by the restaurant's display of live lobsters as well as steaks and huge lobster tails. The restaurant itself was dimly lit and had jazz music playing in the background.The food at Vic & Anthony's was delectable! To start off our meal, we had the seared scallops with crisp apple slaw; the scallops were perfectly seared and paired well with the mouthwatering apple slaw. We also had the pear and saga blue cheese salad; loved the combination of flavors! My boyfriend and I both ordered the filet mignon and shared a side of au gratin potatoes. Both of our steaks were tender and cooked perfectly to our preference. We ended our meal with their vanilla bean creme brulee...yum!The service at the restaurant was fast, attentive, and accommodating. When we first got there, the hostesses were friendly and they promptly guided us to our table. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu, and even gave us some wine samples to help us choose what we wanted to drink. Our water glasses were never empty, and our completed dishes were taken in a timely manner.Overall, Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse has tasty food and amazing service!
5	Best ribeye I've ever eaten. Delicious mashed potato on the side (gluten free). Great service, and cosy atmosphere. My favourite steakhouse so far and worth every penny!
5	On June 30th, 2014, my wife and I celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary at our favorite Las Vegas Steakhouse, Vick & Anthony's. Out server Dennis was awesome, not missing a beat with his attention to detail. The food was amazingly delicious, as always. Thank you Vick & Anthony's staff for helping make our anniversary memorable! We highly recommend Vick & Anthony's Steakhouse. The Soto's
5	Let me start by saying it was simply outstanding.  The ambiance was first rate, as was the food and service.  I frequent a lot of steak restaurants,  up this is now on my short list of favorites.  Our steaks were perfect and most delicious, the side dishes were large and delicious and desert was delicious.  Prices were perfectly typical for a fine quality steak restaurant, so no complaints there...I felt it was a good value.  The real standout, as funny as this may sound, was the creamed spinach...wow...really.There are a few other very good steak restaurants downtown, but I might say the Golden Nugget may have an edge because IMHO it is the nicest downtown property.
5	Back in Vegas and back to Vic and Anthony's. This time my boyfriend and I had dinner with Dad and Stepmom as our trips overlapped. Again, it was perfect and lived up to all the expectations. Dad got the distinctive dining menu with the filet option. He said it was a great steak. His side was the creamed spinich, which if you read my initial review you will know I thought it was slightly off mark last time, not so this time. The roux was prepared better and the breadcrumbs much more crunchy so everything didn't blend together. I am thrilled to see what was a good side made great. He enjoyed the wedge salad as his starter. Good as he remembered. He raved about the steak. He was thrilled everything was as good as before. Stepmom also had distinctive dining menu. She got the fish. She is not a seafood lover but wanted something different. She was blown away. However, because she is not a  super seafood lover she left the perfectly crisped skin behind. I can say it was perfectly cooked. It was just her personal taste. She enjoyed her wedge salad. Thank goodness she got the au gratin potatoes. They were ridiculously good and I cannot wait to go back to Vegas just to get them. Seriously, amazing. Seriously. Rich, cheesy, cooked perfectly, stick to your ribs perfection. Worth every calorie.I got the pear and saga cheese salad. It was a bit overdressed and the cheese not well presented on the plate. Flavors were great but I am one who likes my salad lightly dressed so overdressed is going to be a little off for me. I should point out my dad tried some of mine and thought it was perfect, so I think it really is my personal taste. I would get it again and next time alert the server to my preference. I have full confidence they will prepare it the way I prefer. I ordered the  Veal Chop and it was as lovely as I remembered. Fatty and tender. Slightly overcooked and I do mean slight. I asked for rare side of medium rare and got more medium side of medium rare. however it was still nice and rare in the middle and near the bone, this is a slight issue, I almost feel silly mentioning it but I am trying to be honest.. If we had been at straight medium, I would mark them down a star. It worked out because boyfriend prefers some medium pieces and traded some of his near bone rare pieces of his ribeye. Yea for me!My boyfriend got the bone in ribeye and it was perfection as before. Melt in your mouth and lovely. Simply the best steak I have ever passed between my lips with the exception of Bern's Steakhouse Chateaubriand. For those who know their steakhouses that is rare and exceptional company.We got two crabcakes for the table and they were divine, just like before. They really are all crabmeat with barely enough breading to hold it together. I am not sure how they even flip it over when cooking it. My boyfriend who gets crabcakes at every steakhouse for an appetizer said it was exceptional and very few if any were better.We shared some of the croissant bread pudding for desert that came with the distinctive dining menu. It was amazing. Everyone at the table is bread pudding fans and we loved the idea and execution. Although the lactose intolerant in the group was disappointed to see the ice cream on top. It wasn't on the menu he saw and he cannot have it. He ate around it. He did not complain because he knows he would have been accommodated if he knew to request it and the portion was so big there was plenty that didn't have ice cream on it.Service was impeccable. We will return on our next trip to Vegas for a fourth time happily.
4	The service is very friendly AND professional (a rare combination at some restaurants) and the food was EXCELLENT.  Without a doubt the best meal on a 14 day trip across the United States.
5	Wonderful service, fantastic food and an overall great experience! Highly recommended! The filet was cooked perfectly, halibut with lump crab was amazing and the desserts were over the top!
4	It's a unique hidden little gem. Very old school playing great music with a dark & sexy atmosphere. The food is always delicious with huge portions. We can never finish it all! I highly recommend them to all who enjoy steak houses. Parking is never available so plan on parking somewhere near the Golden Nugget but the hotel itself is beautiful, they've done an amazing job renovating the old place. The food is amazing so it's all worth it. I'm a huge fan of this place. Great service as well & bring your appetite.
4	Very Good.  The Steaks are Cooked with perfection. I have been 3 times and the Service was just OK until I had the Server with the Handle Bar Mustache now he was what I want in a server at a establishment such as Vic & Anthony's  Desert to get is the Bread Pudding but ask for more Ice Cream... it's needed.The Cheesecake is a Large Portion and can be shared.I tried the special of Lobster and Pasta.... NOPE  didn't work for me... taste like Mac & Cheese with some Lobster in it...I hated every Side Dish except the Baked Potato   & Risotto  I will go back again & again when in Vegas.
3	We had a late dinner here and enjoyed our steaks...the crab cakes shouldn't be missed either. The service was friendly and attentive...but too fast! When spending $100 a person for dinner, please dint rush us! No sooner had our apps been cleared than our steaks arrived.The sides are huge! The potatoes au gratin were ok...the creamed spinach, not so much...very salty.The room is nice and has a very Vegas feel to it. The steaks were perfectly cooked and very tasty. Wasn't a bad dinner...just not a great overall experience.
5	All the food was full of flavor...  Cream corn is the shit...  The risotto kicks ass...  The porterhouse was on point... Service was 10stars...
5	Thursday night dinner. We had a 4 lb lobster, bone in rib eye and boneless rib eye, baked potatoes, scalloped potatoes, and mac & cheese. Everything was amazing. The mac & cheese and the baked potatoes were the best I have ever had. Steaks were cooked perfectly. Lobster was delicious. The wait staff was very attentive. I would dine here over any other steak house in Vegas, it was that good. May have been the best dinner I've ever had.
5	Simply awesome. As good as it gets. I had the 32 oz porterhouse.....can it get better than that??? My wife had the 12 oz filet....awesome as well. We both did the au gratins. They were extremely cheesy in a good way, and also very big. We've been told so many times "it's big enough to share"  only to be totally disappointed. These are! No worries though as they were so good we ate most of them and took the meager amount left home. We had the creme brulee and chocolate mousse for dessert. Both were very good and the creme brulee in particular was large enough for two. The bill was over $200 and I didn't bat an eye because everything was so good. That's what I expect in a high end steakhouse. Vic and Anthony's completely delivered in every aspect from food to service.
5	This place is the real deal! Fine dining with an Old Vegas feel. From sublime Martinis with blue cheese olives, incredible oysters Rockefeller, the food is great. But it was the service that set this establishment apart from the rest. Our server Hector must have been telepathic because he and his team anticipated our group of 8s every need, down to calling for and escorting us to waiting cabs.And i can't forget to mention Noah the Bartender, the alchemist behind those Martinis with ice crystals. He set the tone for the friendly atmosphere and was part showman as he prepared our "poison".There was Sinatra crooning in the background and a fine dark wood paneled ambiance. Not to be missed downtown. Take a chance and leave the Strip. You won't be sorry. Best recent meal in a flurry of fine dining.They also handled a special order birthday cake with aplomb for one of our party.
5	Love the old Vegas feel. Best bone in Ribera and creamed spinach. Great service..! Will b back. :) nice to get off strip 4 fabulous meal.
4	Do yourself a favor and choose V&A among the many ..many ...many ..steakhouse choices in LV. V&A has a great neo old school vibe with it's dim lighting and Sinatra playing. The decor is rich and modern. The food is scrumptious. Just dive in with rib-eye bit make sure to cover it in the blue cheese bacon butter. Make sure you include a side of mushrooms and of course don't miss the duck fat potatoes (scalloped potatoes fried in duck with bacon and caramelized onions) ....perfection.
5	This place is outstanding. it beats my expectations everytime. Shawn Norris is an exceptional general manager and the food is out of this world.
4	Wonderful dining experience all around.  The  Filet was perfectly prepared.  Creamed corn was to die for but the potatoes were just ok.  Wonderful service from beginning to end.  And let's not forget the desserts!!
5	Went there for dinner last night.  It is spot on!!! Great ambiance and food. Bottle of wine, Kobe beef for the bf, steak and lobster for me-$350!! Worth every penny!! Make sure you ask to sit with Victor. Amazing server and nice on the eyes lady's :). Definitely will be back when were back in Vegas!!!
5	Amazing! You can't do better if you're crazing a steak while in Vegas. From the moment we walked in everything was perfect. Delicious ribeye cooked medium rare along with a side of potatoes and asparagus, both sides are big enough to share. Thanks to Shawn for picking out our wine and servers Luciano and John who both took great care of us on separate nights. Next time I'm in town I'll make sure to come back!
3	Very expensive. Our food was lukewarm and just not worth the money.
4	Went there for dinner last night and the steak was incredible, as it always has been there.  And the service and ambiance were also top notch.  The one downside is that they replaced the AWESOME Beefsteak Tomato and Mozzarella salad was replaced with a Tomato Panzanella, which I tried.  It was ok at best, but not near as good as what they had before.  It is nothing I would even think about ordering again.
5	Rivals any steakhouse in Las Vegas and that says a lot because this city has some INCREDIBLE steakhouses. I would place it in the top 3.  The bone-in ribeye has so much flavor that it is remarkable. DO NOT MISS A CHANCE TO EAT HERE!  It's heavenly.
5	The steak here was amazing, and slightly blissful. A group of us went here when we arrived at Vegas to celebrate a friends bday. It was a great decision as it was the best meal we had in Vegas. I had the bone in New York, and it was cooked perfectly.
5	One of the best steakhouses.  This place is excellent with the old Vegas feel.  The food was excellent.  Service was great which I tried the waiter's recommendation of the pear martini to start the night off.I will definitely go again next time I'm in Vegas.  I tried this place based on all the Yelp reviews.  Thank you all for posting such wonderful reviews and pictures.My bf and I ate so much.  We started off with baked and fresh oysters.  The most tender cut of filet mignon I have ever had, along with the lobster tailed, served with mashed potatoes.  And for desert..... YUMMMM, the bread pudding.This dinner was worth the price!
5	When you really think about it, most decent restaurants give you a reasonably good meal and do their best to give good service. The rare place takes it to the level of exceptional food and outstanding service. Vic & Anthony's takes it beyond.From the moment you're seated to your exit from the well-appointed room, Vic & Anthony's delivers. From steaks perfectly prepared to fresh lobster, excellent sides, and ridiculously decadent desserts, you'll leave only lighter in your wallet. It's expensive, in fact very expensive, but WELL worth it. If you're in Vegas celebrating anything, you could do a whole lot worse at one of the Celebrity Chef palaces on the Strip. Vic & Anthony's may not have the TV chef or the swanky address (The Golden Nugget, an iconic downtown hotel that houses the restaurant, has become quite nice), but it has integrity, a wait staff par excellence, and the best steaks I've had.
5	This has slowly escalated to be my favorite steakhouse in America, and I've been to them all. What I also love about this V&A's is the consistency of quality through the years. I've been to other steak houses that were hit or miss, but not here!Best damn crab cake outside of the North East. True lumpy crab meat, not all shredded up and mixed with fillers.Great oysters rockefeller.Insane scallops and grits with tobacco vinaigrette!An australian lobster tail that probably can feed 3.And how do you add to the creaminess of ice cream? By adding foie gras! So they did. It sounds crazy, but very good! We walked out of here 5 pounds heavier, with smiles on our faces.
5	Great service and perfect steaks.
5	I had rib eye with loaded baked potato.  My partner had surf n turf.  She said it was fantastic.  My steak was perfectly cooked and so flavorful.  My potato was the best potato i every had.  Creamy. .. delicious.  Drinks were excellent.  I have an allergy to crab so they were very careful about that. For dessert we split a pecan ball, which is ice cream rolled in pecans.  This was just ok. Highly recommend this place.  So so so good!
5	EXCELLENT!!!!!!  Wow! By far the best steak house I have ever been too. *outstanding service *High quality *fair priced (you get what you pay for)Defiantly will return
3	Food was mediocre.  The calamari with spicy peppers was extremely soggy.  The bread they served was actually stale.  In their defense, My filet was perfectly cooked and quite delicious.  Our waiter was nice but spilled my husbands beer all over the table and didn't offer a new one.  It's not a bad place but it's really nothing special .  Not what I expected for a $60 steak.
5	If not perfect, close enough.  White table cloth, mostly male wait staff.  Extremely attentive.  Perfect for a night out to make a special someone feel, well, special.Fresh bread was served.  Appetizer was prompt.We both enjoyed our steaks tremendously, cooked to our specific taste.  I can honestly say this was the best steak I've had in years, beating Chicago and certainly Virginia easily.
4	I like this place the steaks are solid..the sides are the usual fare...the lobster mac n cheese is over hyped but not horrible ($38)....the service is also pretty solid depending upon how busy they are. I like to play at the nugget so its pretty convenient. The mood is dark and old schoolish except for the flat screens over the bar..kinda odd..but i don't really mind it just don't ever remember seeing it before. The lobster tails are from fukushima nuclear plant....I have never seen them so big....serious 3 eye action there. All and all pretty solid..but not the best.
4	Enjoyed our dinner and our server Annette.  Would return in a heartbeat
4	If you are looking for an inexpensive steak dinner, Vic and Anthony's is not where you should be focusing your attention. That being said, if you are looking for a great steak and are willing to part with a few Andrew Jackson's (or more), then Vic and Anthony's is worth a visit. All of the steaks come ala carte and the side dishes will set you back a few bucks as well. I opted for the 8 oz. Filet Mignon and Garlic Mashed Potatoes. The steak was cooked to perfection and the potatoes were outstanding. Although the side dishes are a little pricey, the portion size is generous enough to share. I would rate the steak and mashed potatoes as some of the best I've ever had.They also offer chicken, fish and lobster, but all in our party opted for beef. I will say the Australian Lobster tails on display looked rather tasty though. If you are a salad aficionado, they have you covered there too with eight to choose from on the menu. They have a fairly extensive beverage list, including specialty drinks, wine and bottled beers. The service was impeccable and the atmosphere was what you would expect from a high class steak house. Located inside the Golden Nugget Casino, the clientele ranged from those in tuxedos and dresses, to others in blue jeans and T-shirts. Typical Vegas tourism in an upscale environment.My 8 oz. Filet was $41 and the side dishes ranged from $9 - $12. The three of us split two sides, or Accompaniments, as the menu refers to them. We ordered a Crab Cake appetizer (not listed on the menu) at the recommendation of the waiter. It was outstanding, despite the $21 price tag for one four ounce Crab Cake.  For dessert, I went with the Chocolate Mousse. One in the party got the cheesecake, which rivaled any I'd seen before. All total, for the three of us, including a few adult beverages and the tip, we left happy and satisfied, even after dropping just north of $300.If you are looking for a great meal, in a great atmosphere with outstanding service, and don't mind dropping a few bucks, I would recommend Vic & Anthony's. Their menu is also available on the Golden Nugget website, so you can peruse it before you go.
3	My Husband and I decided to celebrate our anniversary with dinner at Vic & Anthonys.  The wine selection was incredible and our waiter helped us pick a great bottle.  For appetizers we had the raw oysters and crab cake, both were excellent!I decided to have the special which was a filet topped with fois gras, mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts.  My husband had the bone in ribeye. We requested that both be prepared medium rare.  His steak was cooked to perfection and seasoned just right.  But my steak was overdone, SALTY, and the fois gras was cold! The potatoes and sprouts were excellent, but for that price I would have expected the steak to shine!  I should have stuck with my original plan of lobster, but the promise of fois gras led me astray!We had the pecan roll for dessert which was a unique take on ice cream with nuts along with a cup of coffee.  Both the coffee and dessert were good.The service was great. Despite my disappointing steak, I would eat here again, but stick with the original plan of lobster
5	Again!  Vic and Anthony's takes dining to a new level! Bone in filet and salmon stuffed with crab was OUTSTANDING! Everytime I dine here I am more impressed! Customer service and understanding the dining experience are skills the entire staff has mastered well! This is our favorite in Las Vegas!
4	The wait time on a Thursday was just 5 Minutes and the service was exceptional.  Steak and Lobster was delicious and the smash potatoes had my wishing for more... On the other hand, wines selection was not  what I expected..  At least they had Josh from Sonoma is a good cab that did an ok ... job for my steak.  Yet the over all experience was delightful and will be back soon for more.
4	My wife and I had dinner at Vic and Anthony's on Tuesday 11-18-14.  We both had the New York cut Steaks,  They were very good with much flavor to them.  Small suggestion.......trim a little more fat off of the edges.  Price was reasonable for what you get.  The deserts were very good to great.  Wait staff was excellent.  The tables are a little to close (the size of the restaurant is small)Overall, less expensive then Ramsey's Steakhouse at the Paris or Delmonico's at the Venetian but also not quite as good overall.
5	I absolutely love this place! All of the food is delicious here.  We had the filet and ribeye with the risotto with salmon,  and I must add that it was the best risotto I have ever put in my mouth.  The steaks cut like butter.  Do yourself a favor and eat here your next trip to Vegas inside the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street!
5	I went here last night for a holiday dinner and hadn't heard much about this place but my boss had heard about it through word of mouth. Wow...I am sure glad we did! This was by far the best steak I have ever had. The filet was cooked so perfectly and so tender that you literally could cut it with a fork. But my dinner started off with the highly recommended crab caked and man am I glad I did. I am not sure if there was any filling used in these cakes because they were just stuffed full of crab...amazing! Lastly the service here has got to be some of if not the best service I have ever received ...absolutely outstanding. The prices are a little high but you are paying for the atmosphere and a nice steak. This is located in the newly remodeled Golden Nugget which is very nice done.  If you are looking for an awesome steak then this is.
4	Great restaurant located inside the Golden Nugget hotel. Service was excellent- and we had a party of 14 people. The food was pretty good all around. I ordered a "caprese" salad to start and it was delicious. My main course was the Scallops, Brussel sprouts with grits. Fantastic. Hubby ordered the Maine lobster which he thoroughly enjoyed and finished. The king crab legs were amazing.. My nephew had six legs to himself. That 3 year old is one expensive date! As for desserts, not amazing but good. We tried the pecan ball, which was a huge ball of vanilla ice cream with pecan nuts on the outside. Nothing special. The bread pudding was better, it came with caramel ice cream on top. I think there's slight rum in the pudding, it was good but nothing blow your mind.Minus one star because my pineapple juice cup had lipstick stains all over the cup... That's extremely unappetizing and unsanitary. overall, for such a large party- I think the waiters did a fantastic job serving and our food was great overall. Recommend!
4	This place is the real deal. Located inside the Golden Nugget it is the quintessential steak house. We had a delicious foie gras appetizer that wasn't on the menu followed by Maine lobster and a lovely rib eye. All of it was superb and I am very fussy about such things. The service was knowledgeable and professional. I have to drop a star because they charge $10 for a baked potato. I expected this place to be expensive and it certainly was but I think that's ridiculous. They also allowed a large group of tourists to come in and stand by my table which was like being in a fish tank. That was undesirable.
2	Just a bad night. Maybe but, bad service and food is unforgivable when paying big dollars. Nothing more to say.
4	Lovely, old school vibe. The lobster bisque and filet mignon are good. The mac and cheese was beyond salty. Great service.
5	The best steak house ever.  Great service, and awesome food.  We've split the porterhouse several times, and it's been perfect each time.  The other steaks and sides are wonderful.  Not much else I need to say... it's awesome!
4	I really enjoyed Vic & Anthony's.  This was actually my first time walking through the Golden Nugget after the renovations and it was great to have had a dose of Fremont after spending so much time in the past few years on the Strip.  Alas I digress!! Okay... so, you come to Vic & Anthony's for the fine dining, great steaks and dark atmosphere that really gives it that nice touch of "Oooh, fancy-smancy!"V&A delivers on all fronts, walking in across the selection of cuts and lobster aquarium, through the dark corridors and to a nicely spaced dining area you really get a sense that you are in for a treat. The service is wonderful, our server was very accommodating and attentive.  Our food came out fast and drinks were consistently filled to the brim.  Absolutely NO complaints here, I would say the service is some of the best I've received in all of Vegas.  FANTASTIC!The meat (the important part right?) is great but not pinnacle of all steak houses in my opinion.  I ordered the rib eye ($55) and had a taste of the bone in cut that clocked in at about $69 dollars that night for a 21oz cut (Market Price).  I enjoyed the marbled taste of both ribeye but the flavoring was a bit peppery in some areas as the seasoning did not appear to have been spread across the entire cut as well as I had hoped.  I had a chance to sample the filet mignon as well and that was great, but again not something that I immediately fell in love with.   Overall a very fine experience and I will definitely be back, however when it comes to my FAVORITE steakhouses I'd have to still say Ruth's Chris and Craftsteak are still my favorites.  Definitely worth the try for EVERYTHING as an overall package.  Thank you Vic & Anthony's :)
5	My husband and I ate here for our 4th Anniversary. The Filet Mignon & Lobster was delicious. The crab cake was wow...that's the best crab cake by far. The staff & service was great. Place was very romantic. Highly recommend this place for steak & lobster. It's well worth the money.
