4	Over the river and through the woods.. lalalala, la, la.. Cave Creek, AZ is kind of a drive but I suppose no worse than driving to Gilbert from Scottsdale. Though this journey includes cactus, multi-million dollar mansions and the occasional coyote rather than tract homes and freeway. Once you get out there the entire area is sort of like old cowboy rustic charm. So doesn't it makes sense to open a BBQ joint way out in the middle of somewhere? The owners of Bryan's sure did!Only being open just over a month, Bryan's was hopping busy and there is a reason why.. the smell. You can just about taste the pecan smoke as you pass by or pull up. Its an enticing fragrance that grips, strokes and pulls you in to see what's about that hopefully delicious smokey goodness. Once inside you'll easily tell where you need to go.. it's all about counter service here. The menu is easy to navigate as its short and sweet. Its a greatest hits of BBQ and you'll be hard pressed just to order one thing. Go ahead, order as much as you like, loosen your pants and stay a while. Ordering for us was pretty easy though we did cross section the menu, pork ribs, pulled pork sandwich, beef brisket, olive cole slaw, baked potato salad and cowboy beans. Get your drinks then grab a seat in the modern, cowboy space. They do serve beer as well as Coke products though I noticed something strange, most people were drinking water. Is that how they are dealing with the economy? Spend a little on food and cut a couple of bucks on the beverages? Good idea I suppose, coke is coke is coke, right? Water cleanses the palette and pairs with anything, sure Ill go with it! Okay, they called the Mr.'s name, my mouth is watering, my sauces are ready, good to go! First bite, the brisket, smokey, juicy and perfectly tender, the white bread under the brisket soaks up the meat juices, good idea, why didn't I think of that?! Next, ribs, oh no.. I can suck the meat right off the bone? Its not like I can suck a golf ball through a garden hose (well, Ive never tried)  it's just that the ribs are that tender! Dip in a bit of the spicy sauce, hellish good (I don't think they serve BBQ in heaven right? Smoke and flame thing, eh?)! Pulled pork sandwich, is melt on your tongue tender, I can see why so many older folks were ordering these sammies, no teeth required. Oddly the sides are in need of some tweaking. The baked potato salad was on the dry side but I have yet to have a baked potato salad that I like. Something about cold baked potatoes that don't do it for me. The cowboy beans had no real character and were only one flavor, a smokey sweetness that was good on the first bite but lacked depth. The olive cole slaw was different and while the Mr loved it, I'm just not a fan. However each plate was served with a bread and butter jalapeno, not only clever but addictivly delicious. Oh the desserts, simple and satisfying. Homemade Ice Cream Sandwich and a Sarsaparilla Float. We got the ice cream sammie which was 2 huge chocolate chip cookies with vanilla ice cream. Nice crunch factor on the cookie with the cold smoothness of the ice cream, talk about a happy ending. On the way out the sun was setting the moon was rising and all seemed right in the world. Perhaps for the first time in ages, a calm swept over me and all I could smell was pecan smoke begging me to come back some time soon.  Oh yeah, me and my O-face!
5	Bryan's is now my favorite place to eat in Cave Creek and has ignited a passion for bbq that I didn't know I had. I work relatively close so I've been going in about once or twice a week for the last 3 months or so. The owner and staff are awesome and the service is great. I'm absolutely in love with the beef brisket, the sauce is amazing, the meat moist, tender and the bun is lightly toasted which just tops everything off perfectly. The beans are my side of choice, they have this wonderful smokey, whiskey like flavor to them, the coleslaw is also pretty tasty. The pulled pork and ribs are also very good, with the chicken just slightly below both of them. Bryan is also a nice little selection of craft beer to go along with your bbq, such as Dogfish head and Deschutes brews, plus the standard fare of domestic beers.
5	I am so depressed! I live in the town of Cave Creek and have held Bryan's as my little secret, eating there 2 times a week for the past few months.  Now, the Arizona Republic comes out with a rave review and the place is packed.Good news - the food is still made to order, hot (temperature) and lovely.  I have grown especially fond of the vegetarian version of a BBQ sandwich.  Even though I eat meat - I have died and gone to heaven every time I have one of Bryan's BBQ'd spaghetti squash sandwiches. Try one and you will see what I mean.  His sauces, especially the spicy one, are devine and the sides are tasty.  I always go with the fries but I love the potato salad too.I newer addition of the Big Pig is also great if my husband is with me. Imagine a BBQ version of nachos - trading the chips with Byran's delicious fries and then loading the plate with his BBQ meat!The place is ultra clean - thanks to all of his dedicated employees and you will find Bryan himself either behind the counter cooking or walking the floor making sure all of the diners are happy.  Only two complaints- Bryan's is closed sunday and the tv in the place is set to old movies.  If I could watch the Cardinal's play and eat a sandwich - that would be true bliss.
4	Just past the DQ on the right.   Hard to believe you can get great southern bbq, in AZ.  Bryan is perfect.  Priced cheap too.  Super clean.  I agree teh movies need to go, maybe put on some SEC football!!!The ice cream sandwhich was a perfect finish.  I had brisket and ribs.  They close promptly ay 9PM
4	Just tried Bryan's BBQ a few days ago. It's very near where we live, so I had high hopes for it being good! Not very many unique, high quality restaurants way out here in the "boonies." We ordered take-out food. We ordered a whole barbecued chicken and a pound of brisket. For sides, we got some of the olive cole slaw and french fries. The chicken was really quite good. I ate a breast and it was moist and tender. So many times, the breast meat is dry and flavorless but not here! There was just a bit of BBQ sauce coating the skin. The sauce was slightly sweet but not cloyingly so. The bread and butter jalapeno included with the chicken was a wonderful cross between a chile and a pickle. I will order a side of these next time. The brisket was also tender and smokey. They sent it with just a little BBQ sauce mixed in. I wish I would have asked for the hot BBQ sauce. Guess I am just a heat junkie. The sides were just OK. Nothing too good or bad. The fries were pretty much limp by the time we got them home, but that may be unavoidable with take-out food. For about $30, we got enough food to feed two people for two + days. Not bad! We will definitely return to Bryan's BBQ to try some of the other menu items. I'm looking forward to tasting that Firebird! Next time, maybe we'll dine in and drink some of the good beer they have available, too.Addendum 12/12/09: I tried the Firebird and it was very hot. The bbq sauce is orange/habanero. I thought I was eating a piece of orange, but it was actually about 1/2 of a habanero pepper!!! That was the most violent reaction I've ever gotten from my GI tract to such a small piece of food. Firebird is very good, but don't eat the pieces of habanero.
5	Good bye Bobby Q , So long Joe Johnston... I have found a new love...his name is Bryan.. and I love him.A few months back Alexander told me to check this place out .. and I thought oh sure it's probably good. Boy was I wrong it's not good , it's fantastic!   First, most BBQ joints that are any good are rinky dinky dives  that you try not to touch too many surfaces in ( you know its true!) But Bryan my new amore , is different his joint is well decorated, cute even , maybe whimsical. It has clean well lit, well thought out decorating,a large screen with old time westerns showing , nice touch,the place is clean  and in a tasteful strip mall. The food is ordered at the counter , we opted for ribs, shredded pork and brisket. The brisket was well cooked / smoked with meat falling apart as you cut into it.The sauce was tasty  but not over powering. No fake smoke taste or over top sugar taste here.  The ribs had a gorgeous pink smoke ring , lovely! Husband proclaimed the   shredded pork better than the ribs but he is wrong and not writing this review.  So there.   Now here is the extra special touch .. the sides were really delish  no empty fillers here .. the beans are obviously slow cooked with care and dare I say ...love?   I even tasted a hint of beer which I  love in beans , they also had a rich taste that made them crave-able. The coleslaw was  a surprise as well , not only a great balance of taste not too sweet not too vinegary  but low and behold olives were hidden in there as well like little treasures just waiting to be uncovered.  Will I  be back ...oh yes ..Bryan and I plan to see each other at least a couple times a month . I think it's time for him to meet my folks.... I am looking forward to our kinda like a date night .   Can't wait to try him out again!  I mean try the food again .. Whatever I love Bryan.
5	I finally had a chance to visit this place and was very happy that I did.  Not only did the food smell, look, and taste great, but the whole staff actually seemed like they enjoyed their jobs and wanted to be there.   Bryan walked around to chat with people, and seemed very personable.  There is no table side service,  and the eating area is fairly small, but friendly.   If you like good barbeque, this should be a must try place.  You will not be disappointed.  Also, as a side note, barbeque is messy and the extra large cleanup wetnaps are a very nice touch.  Thanks
4	Tried last night .. Clean family atmosphere Portions great slot of meat on ribs found sauce a little salty.  Wife has BBQ chicken said some of the best ever
2	So I wouldn't normally drive all the way to Cave Creek for anything but we had the week off, I had to go to Desert Ridge, and I saw this place in the Phoenix Magazine.  Needless to say, save the gas.The place is cute on the inside and really had a lot of promise.  The sides all sounded good and I couldn't decide between the pulled pork or the brisket so I got both.  Added a side of potato salad and a side of beans.  Where to begin?The pork wasn't bad but it wasn't bbq.  I mean, it didn't taste smokey or sweet.  It tasted boiled...and that's nasty.  It was fatty and generally just lacking flavor.  The bbq sauce they put on the thing was decent but they didn't have any of it out for me to get more.  What they did have were "regular" and "spicy" bbq sauces.  Both were thin, both were a bit spicy, and neither was up to the task of fixing this pork.The brisket was really a disaster.  It was cut like ham slices.  Really thick with a big hunk of fat around the outside that I had to remove from each slice.  This whittled my beef down to medallion sized bits.  The taste was fine but the thick texture, lack of bbq sauce, and fatty presentation was all disappointing.The beans were okay but I expected sweeter.  BBQ baked beans, in my mind, should be sweet and savory.  These, like everything else here, were just bland and dull.  I tried mixing some of the runny bbq sauce available but it really didn't help.The saving grace was the potato salad.  This was some of the best stuff I've ever had.  I would totally buy a pound of that to bring to a dinner party.  They should package it and sell it in the stores.  Really it was creamy and sweet without overpowering the potato flavor.  Good stuff and well executed.Will not be going back here.  Too bad too because it had a lot of promise.  Oh well.  There is no shortage of bbq in the valley.
5	Fan-flipping-tastic! The staff is so friendly, the place is clean, and the bbq is like none other. I've gone here a few times, and they do not disappoint. The pulled chicken is to die for, but everything has been great! The bread and butter jalepenos are the icing on the cake, nice and spicy! It's affordable, kid-friendly, and located in adorable downtown Cave Creek. Check this place out and you will not have a regret! It's the best bbq I've had in Phoenix aside from Fritzi's in Avondale.
4	Pretty good BBQ for Arizona.  The restaurant has a great Mississippi Delta vibe and the food is great.  If you don't feel like driving to Cave Creek they deliver through Delivery.com.
2	If I were grumpy today, I would give this place just one star.  During our fall break, the husband and I were knocking out quite a few of the best new restaurants in Phoenix Magazine, and this happened to be one of them.  I was pretty excited because I really like barbecue and it's fun to compare different places.  Unfortunately, this place didn't compare to any other BBQ place.  I honestly thought it was terrible, almost to the point of being inedible.The restaurant itself is pretty cute.  I love the old western movies playing, the decor is rustic and cute, and its very clean inside.  Unfortunately, it must have been a really really REALLY off day for them, especially considering the raves from Deb (and I trust her reviews.)  I ordered the beef brisket with a side of the Cowboy Olive Cole Slaw.  It sounded fascinating.  Before our meal arrived I got some extra BBQ sauce, and that was the first indicator that this would be no good for me.Honestly, the sauce tasted like hot sauce with a little bit of ketchup in it.  It was really watery, and I like really thick sauces.  I just really hated the flavor.  My brisket was terribly dry and overcooked.  There was no falling apart as I cut it, mostly just sawing motions to get through the nearly 1/2 inch slab.  I think brisket should be cut much thinner than that.  Fortunately, there was a decent smokey flavor that was present, and that made my meat palatable.  I figured the cole slaw would be better.  It wasn't.  It really just tasted like someone emptied a can of olive juice into a generic batch of cole slaw.The only thing worth eating here was the baked potato salad, but it wasn't my side dish to eat.  This place was a big ol let down for me.  Like I said, this must have been a really bad day for them, because I don't think you win one of the best new restaurant spots for nothing.
5	first of all i know that everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but anyone who gives this place less than four stars should be taken out back and shot. (at least with a water-gun or BB gun or something... I eat here every time I am back visiting my family, and that is not enough for me... The sauce spicy or sweet, they are both immaculate, they keep them in a little heated container that you can go pump out yourself... if i didnt have self respect you would could find me pumping that stuff straight into my mouth... (no homo)the beans- probably the best flavored beans i have had in my entire life, if they made a breakfast smoothie with these beans i would drink them every morning. I have had a few of the sandwiches, the chopped beef is my favorite, with a little coleslaw on it. yum, next time im going with a fried egg. the service is great too, bryan is usually there, chill dude.go there. tell people. bring people. the only, and i repeat the only thing that i dont love about this place is the location, kind of a hike from central scottsdale, maybe there will be another one in the future.
5	Really happy with this place. So glad they can serve great quality meat and not just douse it with BBQ sauce. Came here with the inlaws and we all loved it. No fat on any of our meat yet tasted perfectly moist.
4	We were out hiking in Spur Cross today, and as we were heading out we noticed this new barbecue place.  I read through quite a few of these reviews, and I think many are over critical.Granted, this isn't barbecue that is going to win any world records, but we found it quite delightful.  Furthermore, the western setting was quite charming, and a nice addition to Cave Creek.I wouldn't recommend that you drive across town for this fare, but if you happen to be in area, I do recommend you stop by.We will certainly be back.
5	This is barbecue!  Without a doubt the best beef brisket that I have found west of the Mississippi and the mild sauce is just right for my palate.  The side dish that I had with my beef brisket sandwich tasted homemade and it was called baked potato salad.  Like any good bbq restaurant, Bryan's serves sweet tea, too.  Bryan's sells their beef brisket by the pound at a reasonable price and I intend to return soon to buy a couple of pounds and a bottle of their mild sauce.  Didn't try it, but I noticed several people around me eating bbq'd chicken and the aroma was mouth-watering.The decor is keeping with the West/Southwest and I liked it, which includes things like vintage western movie posters and an old cowboy movie showing on a big screen.It appears that Bryan's is about to start patio seating, which will be nice to eat outside.  My only complaint last night was that the live music was too loud for a small restaurant.  Friends with me complained, too, that we couldn't talk to each other over the music.Finally, I noted on the back of their business card that they have a website, which is www.bryansbbq.com.  The biggest compliment that I can give Bryan's is that I can't wait to go back SOON!
5	still amazing. i suggest getting a fried egg on whatever sandwich you get... i dont remember what i said in my last review as far as sides, but you need to get the beans. if you are really hungry you could probably deal with a second side, in which case i usually go with fries, but i'll leave that decision up to you. just promise me you will get the beans. they are after all the magical fruit. i love this place. every time i am in town i never leave without going here.
5	Bryan has a winning combination in Cave Creek!  It is worth a drive to taste some of the best BBQ in Phoenix.  The place is cute with old silent movies playing and really lends to the Cave Creek backdrop.  Do not expect an eye popper when you walk in, but expect some great food when you eat.  My wife and I cannot seem to stay away....if we lunch, we order a brisket and a pulled pork sandwich if dinner, we split a slab of ribs and two sides. Our favorite sides are beans and slaw... both unique and great tasting.   I just ate an sandwich for lunch (she may be upset) and can't wait to go back soon!
5	From the posters of Arizona in old-time western movies to the unique take on each of the side dishes, Bryan has done good. Welcome to Cave Creek - we needed you. The barbeque is all excellent, particularly the pulled pork and squash. The sauce is tangy and the hot sauce has a memorable edge. All the sides have a fun difference: the cole slaw with olives, the beans with a tasty sausage and the potato salad that provides a good balance with the barbeque. The jalapeno pepper pickle is a fun surprise - sweet and just right. For desert the mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwiches formed with chocolate chip cookies were an excellent finish. Beer and wine is available, and you can eat outside to take in Black Mountain and Cave Creek. Come on up to the high country and enjoy real western barbeque with a twist. It's no Joe's Real BBQ, but it's awfully good and so much more convenient for those of us in the North Valley.
5	Wow!  Phenomenal food, staff, and overall experience. A low maintenance, help yourself atmosphere with the best meat possible. I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious. An absolute must visit!!
4	I never cared for pulled chicken, till I came here. It actually melted in my mouth, it was that tender and tasty. This was my husbands dish along with his brisket that was smoky goodness!I ordered the pulled pork and ribs. The pork was good. But nothing compared to the chicken. The ribs were carmelized and very good. However, I was expecting something more tender.I got the beans which were pretty darn good, with chunks of meat in them. And the baked potato salad. Which I would order again.My husband had the olive slaw, a bit salty for me, but I liked the change from regular slaw. And beans. Both meals were served with toast.I wish they were open later on the weekends.
4	Yesterday we had the opportunity to try Bryan's Black Mountain Barbeque - Cave Creek, AZ  and we REALLY enjoyed it!  Good flavor, variety, some surprised and really good food!  We had the dogs with us and that worked well on their patio out front.  LOVED the seating area around the saguaro, very unique.  We collectively had the brisket, pork, chicken sandwiches and a tomato sandwich as well.  They also had this funky watermelon treat that was really unique and really had depth of flavors.We'll be back for sure and look forward to another meal at Bryan's Black Mountain Barbeque, maybe this time it will be in the evening enjoying more of the patio....   :)TV story of them here:http://www.myfoxphoenix.com/dpp/morning_show/taste_of_the_town/tott_bryans_black_mountain_barbecue_06182010
5	These were the best pork ribs I've had in the Valley.  I love that it is so well seasoned that you don't need to slather on a ton of sauce (unless, you just feel like it).  The baked potato salad was also darn tasty.
5	YUM! Heard about this BBQ from Twitter (@bryansbbq) via @desertsmokebbq. Took the lovely drive up to Cave Creek to check it out. I had never been to Cave Creek before, so I was hoping the 40 mile drive for dinner would be worth it. I was definitely pleased! We ordered The Big Pig as an appetizer (fries smothered in pulled pork, beans, chilies, and sour cream) as well as the habanero chicken for my boyfriend and the pulled pork sandwich for me. We never touched our entrees as The Big Pig was HUGE and so tasty. I had the pork sandwich the next day for lunch and loved the smokey flavor. I plan to eat there again in the future! Thanks to Bryan and his staff for a great couple of meals!
4	Ever since El Paso closed down I have been looking for ribs I like as well.  I found them!  I was surprised the place was as quiet as it was early on a Saturday evening.  I was informed by my date that Cave Creek businesses suffer in the summer as many folks willing to drive that far out of Phoenix will drive the extra hour to Prescott and the cooler temps.I had the ribs and my date had the brisket and we both chose beans and cole slaw.  She really liked the brisket but I thought it was a bit dry and we both needed to use sauce on it.  We really loved the ribs and beans! The cole slaw seemed a bit flat in taste but I think it would have been hard to stand up against the bold flavors of the rest of the dinner, in any case it was certainly fresh and had no off flavors.Be careful of the iced tea machine.  The 3 labels are: unsweetened black, Sweet tea and Green tea.  We both made the assumption the green tea would be unsweetened only to find out it was very sweet.The counter service was pleasant.  The place was clean.  The only restrooms were in an outside walkway and served the entire building.  I was surprised they close at 8 on the weekends.  I would like to go back in cooler weather and set out on the patio.
4	I can see that Phoenix Magazine is doing its job, as I am not the only person to go try Bryan's after reading the article.  However, it also looks like people who have written reviews here have very picky tastes and particular thoughts about exactly what their BBQ should be like.  That's what makes BBQ so great!  The debate rages on...For what it's worth, I side with the Bryan's lovers here.  This place is worth the drive out the Cave Creek.  From the second you park your car and get out, you can smell the delicious-ness.  Your mouth will be watering before you get in the door.The menu is the standard BBQ fare you would except for one twist - the pulled squash sandwich.  ***Vegetarians unite***  No longer does the BBQ community cast you aside for there is a fantastic sandwich waiting for you.  For the sandwich, they used spaghetti squash, heat it up, and finish it on the grill with BBQ sauce & a toasted bun.  It was fan-freaking-tastic.  I liked the squash so much I got it as a side when I went back with the family in tow.I also had the brisket & chicken.  My partners in crime volunteer to round out our menu orderings and got the ribs and pulled pork.  The brisket was super tender, and the chicken was moist.  It's easy to dry chicken out, and I give much props for a delicious bird.  The best were the ribs though.  Not only did they look perfect, outer crunch of caramelized sauce and a subtle smoke ring, but tasted damn near perfect too.As for the sauces, I will say they aren't nearly as bad as some people here claim.  They aren't as thick and over-flavored like grocery store versions, but they are good.  They are thinner and have a nice acidic vinegar pop.  They were a perfect touch to the pork & chicken.I think the thing that helped set this a part from other places was the killer craft beer selection.  if one more person offers me a bud or coors light with BBQ, I might cry.  Good food deserves good brew, and this place has an ample supply of great flavors that would pair well with anything.  Bryan, who is usually there working, knows his stuff.Other great stuff - look for the specials.  The night the fam went, we split an order of fresh watermelon drizzled with Jalapeno-Cardamom Honey & topped with diced Jalapenos.  It was incredible.Make the drive & try for yourself.
5	Having grown up in the midwest near Kansas City, I know a thing or two about barbecue.  I've tried pretty much all of the barbecue joints in the Phoenix area and Bryan's Barbecue is hands down the best you will find in the area.  I have yet to try everything on the menu because the ribs are so good, I can't stop eating them!  It's like I go in with the thought of trying the chicken or the brisket, but somehow I just get sucked into buying a rack of ribs.  So, don't be afraid to drive a little farther north than usual to find the best barbecue in the valley.
4	It's hard to find good BBQ in the valley. I cook competitive BBQ so that makes my judgement even worse but I have to say, this is one of my favorite places that I've been to in Arizona. Oh yeah, they have a great beer list and It's in Cave Creek so it's a nice little escape.
5	Bryan's BBQ is tucked away in the cute little town of Cave Creek, luckily up the block from my daughter's new school. It is so hard NOT to stop in for dinner everytime I pick her up. Lately it has been a frequent go-to spot for the family when we are too tired to make dinner, or when we want to indulge in the best BBQ we've ever had. The week wouldn't be complete without eating at Bryan's at least once. AT LEAST.I always get the pulled pork sandwich which has just the right amount of spice and flavor. I always add a little spicy BBQ sauce for that extra kick. The bun is slightly toasted and the edges have that little crunch, while the middle of the bun is soft from the moisture of the pulled pork.  Their fries are addicting, and served as a side in generous heaps with the perfect amount of salt. Their cole slaw has sliced olives- both black and green- which give it a very pleasant and interesting twist. I have yet to try their ribs, because when I find something I like, I stick to it. But after reading some reviews on here I see that it's a must. Oh, and you get a free soft drink if you wear a funny hat on Fridays. Not that the place needs to offer this for me to keep coming back. The BBQ is treat enough.
4	I had the opportunity to eat here last week.It's a bit of a drive from Chandler, but definitely worth it.Wonderfully cooked meats and tasty sauce!I f you live north of the 101 loop and aren't here regularly you are doing yourself a disservice. Even if you live a bit further away (for me it's about 45 miles), it's worth the trip at least once a month. I sampled the standard menu: the brisket, the ribs, the pulled chicken, and the pulled pork. They were all good, but for me the standout was the pulled pork. Tender, fall apart chunks of smokey goodness!I'll have to try some of the seasonal and specialty items next time I go.Don't forget they can pack stuff for you to take home!Bring your cooler!
4	Even getting to Bryan's was fun! The drive in from Scottsdale brings you through darling, western-style Cave Creek. This place has been on my bookmark list for-EVER. We sat on the patio and I had a half slab and some fries. The fries were pretty good, and the ribs were pretty amazing. The reason I only gave this four stars is that I didn't "love love" the sauce. I actually like Famous Dave's or Sweet Baby Ray's sauce better - may be just a personal preference thing. My mom got the pulled pork Sandwich and "love love"ed it. I can't wait to go back!
4	Excellent BBQ. Fair portions, but don't expect anything Texas huge. Orders are made and served at the counter. Not crazy about the side dishes. Nice setting in Cave Creek. Limited parking. Check for their closed days before you drive out to Bryan's.
2	The location is nice, nice new building, clean, had the makings of a nice BBQ joint but a 30 minute wait for a pulled pork sandwich? Really? A bun that was burnt around the edges and soggy in the middle. The sandwich was pretty tasteless even with their watery sauces added. The meat tasted like it had been boiled and was extremely watery as well. Fries are nothing special either. Makes me wonder, did Bryan's just do an extra good job at promotions and public relations to get these magazine reviews and plaques on walls? Now, I haven't tried their other selections, which are supposed to be very tasty but I am not sure I will give it another shot if they can't pull off a simple pulled pork sandwhich.I miss Tony Romas!P.S. I'm not a jerk, just straight shootin' ;)P.S.S. I just upgraded it from a 1 star to 2 star for their large portions. I was stuffed.
4	Close your eyes for a moment and imagine a wide rolling plain with tall grass and a gentle breeze. In the distance you hear the sound of  building thunder. There isn't a cloud in the sky but the thunder grows louder & the ground begins to tremble. The tranquil landscape around you is transformed as a massive herd of Bison rushes past in a terrifying blur of horns & hide. Now open your eyes and don't be afraid, BBQ has arrived in Cave Creek, Arizona!Now I've had Bison several times before, though never the ribs, and have always found it to be a bit tough, chewy and somewhat gamey.  Having had the pleasure of several of Bryan's signature menu items previously, I jumped at the opportunity for a first taste.On my arrival, I was greeted by Chef Dooley (generally behind the counter ready to carve to order), who came out and spoke to me about what his ideas of BBQ in general and this dish in particular are all about.  "Simple, BOLD flavor,' is the Chef's mantra and the basis for everything they do.  Bringing the natural beefy flavor of  Bison to Bryan's BBQ just fits in with what they are doing in this well "seasoned" building where the theme is a modern interpretation of classic BBQ flavors.Six piping hot ribs were set before me and I immediately noticed the deep pink ring imparted by smoking over Pecan wood.  A taste of the sweet Persimmon Glaze let me know what I was in for as I picked up a rib.  Upon taking my first bite, I immediately noticed how tender, lean and flavorful these ribs were, giving just the right amount of pull from the bone but not coming clean off. (Contrary to popular misconception, properly cooked ribs will not fall off the bone! The only ribs that fall off the bone are those that have been boiled and steamed. This process usually robs the ribs of flavor because water is a solvent. Steamed and boiled ribs usually have a mushy texture. Properly cooked ribs will pull cleanly off the bone with your teeth, but will still have some resilience and chew.)Persimmons are a fruit that I have not had much experience eating/cooking with but the sweet, slightly tangy flavor worked quite well when rubbed with Bryan's mix of sage, juniper berries and a hint of black pepper.  The things that struck me most about this dish were how well balanced the flavors were and the natural "beefiness" of the meat.  My mind wandered back to that open, grassy plain and with each bite I could literally envision the massive heards of wild Bison that once roamed freely.As a self professed BBQ fanatic and creator of a line of BBQ sauces and Dry spice rub, I tend to be much less forgiving in my opinion of what "good BBQ' is.  Without reservation, I can tell you that Bryan's get's it right, Chef Bryan Dooley is passionate about BBQ! I happen to know that his hands touch every piece of meat that crosses the counter into a guest's waiting hands. Judging from the quality of this and the other menu items I've had personally, I can say that Chef Dooley's motto of "simple, BOLD flavors" has been superbly executed.As a side note, since this item was not  available for purchase when I dined, Chef Dooley generously allowed me to try it free of charge.  This consideration in no way contributed to my opinion of this or any other dish served at Bryan's Black Mountain BBQ.
5	Pulled Pork and Coleslaw sandwich!!! I have been driven by this sandwich to drive my butt up to Cave Creek from Phoenix once a month for the past year and a half. Just don't do it on Sundays or Mondays, they are closed. I have made that mistake more than once. I should say that there are other stars on the menu, and every now and then I stray to the ribs (2nd fav.), the chicken (3rd fav.), or the brisket (love it but the other items are soo good) but that pulled pork sandwich with the coleslaw and that sweet brined jalapeno is such a treat. The bun Bryan's is using is the perfect complement for this sandwich, and they butter and toast it to perfection before Piling on the smokey goodness of the best pulled pork my buds have come across. You get the choice of side and although the beans are very good (we usually order as well), the slaw is amazing. Besides the slaw must go on the sandwich. Lets face it there are not many combinations that reach the ecstasy of flavor, texture, and temperature that a mound of hot, smokey, tangy, moist  pulled pork topped with a cold, crisp, sweet, tart coleslaw then wrapped in a perfectly toasted, yet chewy bun does. Add that cold, soft, sweet, but spicy jalapeno that is served with all the plates and I'm screaming. Hallelujah! Thank you Bryan!Wear a short sleeve shirt because the juices will run down your hands,  and your forearms, to your elbows yet you will continue making out with your sandwich.Don't forget the sides of Bryan's bbq sauces for a little extra kick!Dang, I'm hungry. Carpool?
3	This place has had great reviews, but don't get overly excited.  This is good BBQ, but nothing exceptional.  Nothing unusual here.
4	We were excited to try Bryan's BM BBQ since we've heard so much about it and have had poor luck in finding good eats in Cave Creek.  It was an awesome day so we sat out side on their patio, which is what I would recommend.  You have to wait inline at a counter to order your food, which I'm OK with providing the line moves quickly.  Unfortunately we were behind some "lookie loos" that have never eaten BBQ before and had to have everything explained to them in detail...  IT'S BBQ, nothing fancy so order and move it! I had ribs with baked beans and coleslaw.  Ribs were very good but had a bit too much sauce on them.  The beans were delicious and the coleslaw was terrible due to the olives and it was too dry.  I love olives but not in coleslaw!My bride and son had pulled pork sandwiches with potato salad and fries.  The pulled pork was very good as were the fries however their potato salad had way too much dill. It was more of a "dill salad" with a little bit of potato. We finished with fried apples with cinnamon, pepper corns and a dusting of sugar.  Sounded great but found it too greasy to eat.Their ribs and pulled pork were good enough to leave you wanting more.  We are looking forward to our next visit to Bryan's so we can try their brisket, chicken and veggie style pulled squash! I recommend Bryan's to my friends, so stop by next time your in Cave Creek.
4	Well thought out flavor profiles, even the smallest items have attention to details.  I'd go back again and enjoyed my first experience.I was enjoying a day of meandering around Cave Creek and was getting hungry for lunch.  Walked past Bryan's and caught a wiff of their wonderful smokehouse smell.  It built on me and a block past I turned around and decided to try it.  Saw several local office folk going in so I followed them. The pulled pork sandwich was excpetional, great texture and flavor to the meat. While I waited for my lunch I tried the two types of sauces from the condiments dispensers; normal and hot.  Alone, the sauce flavors seemed to lean too far towards tomato-ey for what I imagined BBQ sauce should be.  But when my meal came the flavor spectrum melded with the pork wonderfully.  Lesson learned:  Don't judge the BBQ sauce flavors alone, they gotta hit the meat.My side was the potato salad, which I'd normally not think much of.  The Chef had used Baked Potato chunks which added a nice base flavor, then mixed them in with a thick, creamy dill sauce.  The baked tones complimented the herb and cream flavors so very well.  OMG it was tasty, I ended up finger licking that stuff out of the ramikan.On the negative side, they serve lunch sandwiches in a basket lined with lightweight paper.  If any sauce gets on the paper it starts to get weak and can end up in your food.  Not  aproblem if you're a clean and neat BBQ consumer, but who is?  At one point I pulled a little bit of paper out of my mouth that had attached itself to my wet sandwich.  yuk.Also, my bill showed that Cave Creek is hitting folks up with 10.27% sales tax.  Yowza, that hurts but it can't be helped.
4	Think you can't get a delicious vegetarian meal in a backwards hick town like Cave Creek?  WRONG!  Bryan's Black Mountain Barbecue looks like your average barbecue joint.  They have a wagon wheel chandelier and some rustic decor.  But they also have a barbecue "pulled squash" sandwich that blows my mind!  It approximates the texture of pulled pork, and is covered in delicious barbecue sauce on a toasty bun. When I found out about this sandwich, I finally had an excuse to take my vegetarian, sandwich-loving boyfriend to visit my lame hometown that I'm always complaining about.The side dishes, like fries and cole slaw, are also really tasty.  I can't speak about their other entrees, because I'm a vegetarian and the squash one is my only option.  But it's so delicious I'm not going to complain.  My only complaint is that I get nervous that they're going to take it off the menu because not enough Republican retirees are ordering it, and I will have made the 40 minute drive from Phoenix for nothing.Definitely worth the trip for vegetarians.
5	I love this place.  I have been going since the weekend it opened, and finally am getting around to a review.Bryan himself is often there, and as a CIA graduate, he really knows food.  The quality is always top notch and consistent.  The portions are BIG.  I usually get the 2 meat combo, and it lasts two meals.Fries are always fresh (I loathe old ones that are left under a hot lamp), the slaw and potato salad are great, but the meats are excellent.  The baby back ribs are meaty and not fatty.  I LOVE his vinegar-based BBQ sauce.Also, the staff are always super friendly and make you feel like they really value their business.  They also added patio seating last year, which is great when the weather is nice.
4	I think there is a lot of love going on behind that counter! This is the real deal, a great group of people who got together and decided that love should TASTE like BBQ! We found a BOGO coupon in the PHX Entertainment book and decided to give it a try since we're visiting here and we're already spending way more on dining out than we usually do at home. The line out the door to order was a tell-tale sign of what was to come....yum was to come!There are rarely vegetarian options at a BBQ shack, but I did notice a "pulled squash sandwich" on the menu and that would have been a nice surprise if I was on one of my squeaky-clean-herbivore-days.....HOWEVER, I ordered the half slab that apparently came from a boar, from the size of those bones! But tender, oh so tender, and I added the sauce with a kick which was the perfect flavour for me. The hearty beans were awesome, too, as was the "olive cole slaw". My son wolfed down what he could of the ribs and pulled pork combo....he wasn't overly thrilled with the french fries, but everything else had great character. We each took just less than half home with us = great portions all around. ** We visited Bryan's on 1/28/11
4	I haven't made the drive up in a while, but have had some good friends shuttle me provisions from here. This stuff is really good, even reheated after refrigeration!Pulled pork still my fave, but I won't say no to anything on the menu!
4	The pulled pork is phenomenal, and the Brisket is tasty as well. To top it all off, the staff is happy and friendly.
5	Bryan's is another new favorite.  I have now tried the chili and the chicken and found both to be excellent.  (Make sure to get the full order of chili, which comes with some incredibly delicious toast that is worth the extra time on the stair master.)  Their chili is a unique, black eyed pea and brisket chili and I absolutely loved the flavor.  It's got a bit of heat but nothing that most of us "youngsters" can't handle.  (My husband and I have found that we are some of the youngest people around our area of Carefree and not only does it not bother us, we're loving it, feeling like 40 year old "spring chickens," haha.Next time you are in the area, make sure to stop by Bryan's.  Great, quick service, atmosphere and food make it a good choice when you're in the mood for BBQ.
4	I am a huge fan of the meats...they are all delicious and tasty and the spicy sauce kicks me in my mouth in the best way possible.  I have been there 3 times in the last 6 weeks and it will continue to be in my favorite rotation.  The sides are different and don't blow my hair-back but I say keep it simple because the fries are on point and nothing goes better with great bbq than fries.  Keep it simple and keppin on point.  I will see you with my bib tied on tight soon.
4	I'm not even hungry and I gravitate towards this place.  Heck, I'm not even a potato salad type person and I stop in just for a side of their Potato Salad.  The baking gives the potatos just the right base flavor and the creamy dill sauce gives it just the right accent.Yum!Now if I was only hungry enough for a full meal - LOL!
4	Loved the pulled pork and the baked beans.  Nothing fancy, but great barbecue!
5	BEST BBQ ON EARTH! I have eaten at the most premier BBQ restaurants across the nation and Bryan out performs all of them. This restaurant is simple perfection. From the quality to the flavor, from the portions to the savory smell, from the prices to the decor, from the creativeness to the small town charm, from the friendly workers to the passionate trained chef, from the pulled pork to the whole chicken, from the homemade sides to the incredible hand-selected beer choices, from the minute you enter to the minute you leave...this is THE PERFECT EATING ESTABLISHMENT. Because of Bryan's restaurant, I'm revamping my "rating" system for restaurants. Instead of a 5 out of 5 (a rating which should be reserved for only Bryan's by the way), I'm developing a system from 1 to 25000. Why 25000? Well, that's the distance around the world. My system is based on how many miles you would travel to eat at a particular restaurant. I give this restaurant a 25000. If I lived a mile away and the Great Wall of Cave Creek was built between me and Bryan's, I would fly around the world, in the opposite direction, 25000 miles, to eat here one time. This place is not only my favorite restaurant in the world, but it's also the best food, regardless of price, I've ever eaten. This quickly became my "last meal". When they ask me what I want on my tombstone, when everyone else is saying, "Pepperoni and Cheese", I'll say, "Bryan's Pulled Pork with slaw on top and fries on the side please." In summary, I give this place a 25000 out of 5. If you go the rest of your life without eating here, you will regret it when you enter heaven and the big man is serving up Bryan's. It should be on the top 10 places to see before you die. Ok, I've embellished a little, but not by much. Honestly, IT'S THAT GOOD!
4	Let me begin by saying that I feel that I am BBQ snob. I've had BBQ in NC, SC, TN, GA, MO, TX and almost every other corner of the US. Restaurants, competitions, tastings, etc. I've been to be very few BBQ places that I would return to as I would rather fire up my 250 lb smoker and spend a day making my own. I finally tried Bryan's about a month ago and I've already returned....from me, that is a huge compliment. There is limited parking in front and I had to go up a hill and park in a dirt lot both times but hey, it's Cave Creek and experience is part of it. I like the ribs but loved the brisket!  The sliced brisket is just awesome. Great texture, great flavor, perfect smoke ring, good bite and juicy. It's very easy to under (chewy) or over cook (dry) brisket but these guys get it right. I'm not a big fan of lots of sauce on my BBQ but tried it.  They have two sauce's; a spicy and a regular. I wasn't a fan, but to me, the sauce isn't important anyway since I usually pass on it.  It was thin like many vinegar sauces but really seemed more watery than anything else. Not very sweet, not sticky. The side were ok. The olives in the slaw didn't really work for me and the potato salad had a bit too much mayo for my likes.Regardless, I didn't go there for the sides and they sure wont prevent me from returning. I will gladly drive there every time I have an urge for brisket an don't feel like cooking it myself  (it's better than mine anyway)
4	I had the smoked lamb special. It  was great!  My daughter had the pulled pork sandwich...amazing!! My wife had pulled chicken and beef  brisket and also loved it! 50 different beers to select by the bottle. I love the casual and fun environment of this restaurant! I will definitely come again!
4	I have been to this place two times now and both times impressed. I am a sauce guy so I focus on the barbecue sauce. I have to say that on a stand alone basis their sauce is not to my taste, that is to say I would not been spooning it out of the container as I have been known to do with others. However, when you combine the sauce on the actual dishes such as ribs, pulled pork, chicken, etc.... the combination is absolutely delicious. I have eaten several items on the menu and always satisfied. By the way, the brisket chili as a side is just plain awesome. Overall I have to say that they cook / smoke their meats perfectly, everything is super tasty, and I will be happy to go back for more, regardless of the 20 minute drive to get there. I have been living in AZ now for almost a year, and to date this is by far the best BBQ I have had, and I have tried a lot including all of the popular ones.  Go here, eat hearty, and enjoy the full belly feeling you will have when you drive home!!!
5	Pulled pork sandwiches made by angels from BBQ heaven. Or one ridiculously talented chef, whatever. Well-deserved awards from Best of Phoenix and others lining the walls, along with a guitar that says "Play Me" just waiting for anyone to pick up the old acoustic Epiphone and bust a tune or two. 5 stars just for having that in a restaurant! But please, if you are going to make the drive (we came from Gilbert and we would do it again!) they have two seasonal items right now...watermelon slices with jalapeno, honey, and dash of cardamom, and an heirloom tomato sandwich. These two items are only served while they are in season, and I can personally speak for the watermelon that you have never, and will never have it like this. The flavors compliment the watermelon so well; it is so refreshing, sweet, barely spicy, crisp, and just really not what you'd expect. A friend had the tomato sandwhich and was blown away.
4	The pulled squash sandwich is unique and satisfying. They also have a special sandwich for summer that consists of slices of flavorful red tomatoes, a delicious creamy dressing, and smoked sea salt on two thick slabs of buttered and grilled bread. Wow, wow, oh my God. That is a sammy I'll not soon forget and will attempt to emulate in my own kitchen! A few weak links in the chain for me: french fries always seem very soggy but I admit this is judging them on a take-out basis. The slaw and tater salad to me are not as unique and expertly spiced as compared with the rest of the food. There are so many strong points to Bryan's that the weak points hardly detract. Highly recommend you eat here regularly!
5	Bryan's perfectly seasoned, impeccably cooked, impressively meaty ribs make for a succulent feast.   I only pity the next rib joint that pushes a rack my way expecting to measure up.   I cavalierly requested a full slab of Bryan's beauties before being talked down by a wise friend who pointed out that the half usually goes far enough for two.  And it sure could have in my case.A stellar smokiness permeates every bite of Bryan's ribs.  The barbecue sauce is more complex and flavorful than most.  All in all, a memorable, indulgent meal.
5	75+ visits...never been disappointed. I've actually been to Bryan's over 75 times since they opened in '09. I've also brought 20-30 others into Bryan's and no one, including myself, has ever been less than delighted with every aspect of this establishment and their food. In response to a couple negative reviews -Fries - Indeed the fries will be soggy if you let them sit for 30 minutes, take them home, and eat them later. However, they are perfectly crispy if you eat them during your visit. They are some of the best fries in the valley actually. Buns - The buns are grilled perfectly to achieve a golden layer of deliciousness which prevents the bun from absorbing moisture. Again, if you don't eat any BBQ right away, it gets weird later on. Eat it immediately and grab two napkins - one to clean your mouth and one to dry your tears...it's THAT good.Coleslaw - This is the best coleslaw I've ever had. Bryan includes the perfect amount of high-quality olives in the slaw which sets it apart from the pretenders out there serving store-bought coleslaw. Ribs - Real BBQ ribs are NOT supposed to fall off the bone. That's reserved for crockpot and boiled ribs, which are not barbecued. These ribs are amazing. Sauce - Sauce is the one area of BBQ that's extremely subjective. It's similar to salad dressing, and other condiments, in that regard. Personally, it's the best BBQ sauce I've ever had and I have a cupboard full of it at home. However, some like their sauce sweet, some like it with mustard, some like vinegar, some like spice, some like ketchup, etc. I make a lot of sauce at home, and I've never made sauce this good. If you want a great selection of really sweet sauce, try Famous Dave's. For a unique, amazing, perfect sauce (in my opinion at least) go to Bryan's immediately. Beer - The beer selection is one of the best in the valley. Bryan has hand-selected every bottle and his choices are impressive. Mostly local, craft, microbrew selections. Good prices too - that can be said for everything on the menu. If you had a bad experience at Bryan's, which is almost impossible for me to believe because I'm 75 for 75 here, please consider trying it again. Not for the sake of the business, but for your own sake. It's so amazing, I feel obligated to tell everyone about it and make them go. Heck, I'll meet you there and buy your meal if it's not incredible. Or, the owners will probably buy you another meal if you were disappointed the first time. They are very nice and are very proud of their food.  The belly rules the mind. ~ Spanish ProverbNothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity. ~ Voltaire
5	Great, if not the best BBQ in the Valley.  We've been 20 times, easily.  I can't pick a favorite - pulled pork, ribs etc.  Good beer selection, too.  I love the Potatoe Salad side; I just wish for me dessert choices - maybe a good old-fashioned homemade apple dumpling, or fruit cobbler.  I agree with the other comments, that some seasonal sides might shake up the menu for us regulars.Good:  Nice friendly atmosphere, casual, nice crowd.One concern:  Being in tune with the environment, and recycling, I am surprised by the use of styrofoam cups and containers (Containers I more understand, due to heat; and keeping the food temperature consistent.), but there are some really good biodegradable beverage cups made from corn.  Same goes for the "side dishes" to be consumed on site.
5	Awesome!  Heard about this place and bookmarked it on Yelp about two months ago knowing I'd get there one day because it is about 30 miles from my home. My advice is DO NOT wait as long as I did!  I love BBQ and my favorites are brisket from Rudy's in Austin and ribs from Pappy's in St Louis and this place is just as good and I can get them both here...and only 30 miles away. Sides are unique and good, recommend the potato salad, fries are great, coleslaw with olives may not appeal to everyone but if you love olives you'll be pretty happy. Sauce is KC style and served warm, very nice touch.Best BBQ meat in Arizona without question. These guys are serious and you can taste their passion for what they do in everything they make.Can't wait to go back!
4	Sat outside on a perfect late summer night. Not an obvious choice for a vegetarian, but it was for a barbeque loving friend's birthday. I appreciated the veg option and thought the fries were really good. Friend got the ribs and said they were okay... regretted not getting the brisket since it looked like that was what Bryan's was known for after seeing all the plaques on the wall. Best part was how friendly the staff was! We took advantage of that patio long after they had closed but no one ever made us feel rushed or in the way.
5	I had seen this place featured numerous times, magazines, TV, radio ads, but since I lived over an hour away it wasnt on the top of my list to try. When my husband was headed to the Cave Creek area for a short errand I decided here was the opportunity to try it out, and we were glad we did! I got the pulled pork sandwich with cowboy beans and my husband got the ribs with the coleslaw and potato salad. All were delicious! The ribs were my favorite, they had great flavor, they were moist and they practically fell off the bone. The potato salad is creamy but not too creamy, and the beans were fantastic! I would definitely recommend this place. The next time we are in the area we will be making a stop.
5	I'm a Texas Transplant.  For the last year I've been looking for BBQ that would be as good as back home.  That's a tall order considering that Texas is the Cradle of Civilization where BBQ is concerned.  I'm religious about my smoke and have eaten at some of the finest BBQ places around.  But Phoenix disappointed me.  It seemed as though nothing here was worth the brown paper it was wrapped in - UNTIL I WENT TO BRYAN'S!The food here is fresh, tender, tasty, and prepared with care.  The sauce is very nice and well balanced.  The chopped beef was gristle free. the brisket had a nice smoke ring in it. The sides were unique and different.  The food can't be beat.  It easily competes with the Top 10 joints back in Texas.Service and hospitality?  YEP! They have that covered too! Just like back home they were very nice and happy to have you.  We felt like family.I'll mention decor and atmosphere even though it isn't high on my list.  It is a nice little hidden place right on the main drag in Cave Creek.  I love sitting out on the patio and drinking beer.  It is a fun place to slow down and watch the world go by.I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!
5	Aaaand I have a new favorite pulled pork sandwich!  So amazingly good! Great music, great location, great space & phenomenal BBQ.  Definitely get an ice cream sandwich!
1	After all the great reviews I thought the food would be great.  It wasn't.  We both ordered the ribs ith different side orders ( fries, beans...etc)  The food is greasy,   It thrown on a paper plate and served in a sloppy fast food style.  We left without eating our plates.
4	Great BBQ, and really nice people too!  One of the best BBQ places in town and not a dump like some of the other good places too!
4	Bryans... I have heard good things about you. What I liked.. Seating: Take yer pick in or out. Decor: Loved itService: They were attentiveBun: ToastedWhat I didn't think worked...Price: 13 for a pulled pork and a side of brisket chiliBrisket Chili: tasted of chili spice no real flavor here.The sauce: thin watery limited choices with nothing real spicy. Pork: sauced before you get the sandwich.With that being said.. the first few bites of the sandwich were disappointing but as I endured the flavor of the pork and the subtle taste of sauce played well together and I found myself wishing I had more with each bite. I really liked the toasted bun as it gave a slight burnt flavor on the outside edges. I doubt I would go back just for lunch/dinner,  with so many other choices near me but if I were in the area I would be sure to stop in.
5	Love the pork sandwich and fries.
5	Still my favorite place in the area for my BBQ fix.
4	Finally - a bbq place that is good for the meat eater and a vegetarian! Plus nice indoor and outdoor seating and cute decor. Bryan's has multiple vegetarian options, which is pretty amazing. Things I've had:- Fried artichoke po'boy: Really good! The artichoke hearts were nicely and lightly fried, the sandwich had an amazing creamy garlic and mustard sauce piled plentifully, the bread was buttered and toasted to a very nice crispiness, and there were fresh tomatoes and real romaine lettuce.- Pulled Squash: So unique and soooo incredibly good. The bun is buttered to high heaven and combined with the hot squash covered in an amazing BBQ, every bite is just marvelous. Sweet, savory, buttery, smooth, firm, yummmo. I prefer this to the fried artichoke po'boy.- Baked potato salad: Yummy take on traditional potato salad but I think the french fries are the best side they have (and worth the extra quarter).- Olive Coleslaw: Not a huge fan of coleslaw, but this seemed better to me than most. Balanced sweetness and the coolness goes really well with the hot Pulled Squash sandwich.- French fries: Perfect - dark, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside without being mealy, and seasoned nicely. M- Brisket sandwich: My husband gets this,  and while he said wasn't as good as others he has had, it must still be yummy because he orders it everytime. We both really liked the spicy bbq sauce - it's not as sweet as the light color would suggest and it has a really pleasant smokiness to it. Keep in mind that you will be ordering from a counter, getting your own food when called, and busing your own table. I felt a little silly after leaving a 20+% tip the first few times. In any case, I highly recommend Bryan's BBQ for the vegetarians!
4	The food is beyond good here....always fresh, perfectly seasoned and cooked. It's always clean even at the height of the busy time.  Only two draw backs are is that it's slightly pricey and there needs to be more choices of side dishes.  Other than that it's a fabulous little place and worth the drive from anywhere.
3	This was our second visit to this restaurant and we were glad we gave it another shot because we weren't too crazy about our first visit.  We had ribs the first time and we found them too smoky.  This time we tried the pulled pork sandwiches and they were really good.  The only problem was that the bottom bun was totally and completely soggy but the top wasn't too bad.  The pork itself was really good and I must mention the fries - oh baby!  They were so good!  Sometimes fries don't really taste like much of anything but these fries tasted like they just dug them out of the garden - they had that much potato flavor.  What a treat!  I agree that there are better barbecue restaurants around but this restaurant is definitely worth stopping at if you're in the neighborhood and have a craving for a pulled pork sandwich (with fries, of course).
4	Not bad BBQ. I'm from Texas. Hate that if you want, but like Tex-Mex, I have a Texas slant on BBQ that folks from Memphis, Chicago, Atlanta, etc, do not have. Meat shoudl stand on his own merit and not need sauce or cole slaw to make it work. That said, I've been unable to find good Texas BBQ since coming to AZ. I checked out all the places in Tucson and slowly been working through greater PHX. Bryan's is the closest place to me, but the open hours never seem to jive when I'm in Cave Creek. Upon entering I was beside myself to see several varieties of Shiner beer. I thought, "This guy is from Texas." Nope, but his wife is. The brisket was lean, smoky and perfectly done. The smoke ring was evident but not as thick as you might see with longer pit time. The ribs were great. Very, very good. Sauce was tasty and sides, potato salad and beans, up to par. Overall, very good good. The only downside I saw was the lack of a sausage choice. But, he said he was looking at including it at a later date.
4	The food here is outstanding. It smells like a campfire and tastes amazing. Even their fries are something awesome.The only reason I can't give Bryan's 5 stars is because their prices are a bit higher than they really should be. I mean, really, they are quite high.Another personal complaint is that they really have a bad location, I love going to Bryan's but I don't love the 40 minute drive. I would really like to see another location opened somewhere nearer to Phoenix proper.But if you're into good BBQ and on a quest for the best. this is just one of those places you need to try. You'll be glad you did.
3	The smell alone is enough to lure you inside.  The pulled pork sandwich was great.  Bryan's offers a regular and a spicy BBQ sauce.  The brisket chili is delicious and the cowboy beans are tasty.  Both of my friends said their half slabs of ribs were good but not they best they've ever had.  The bummer?  NO MACARONI AND CHEESE ON THE MENU!  You gotta be outta your mind to develop a BBQ menu without macaroni and cheese on it.
5	Every week we get a hankering for this place, and we never regret giving in to it! It's a very, very casual place and we've never had a problem getting our food fast. It's an order and seat yourself kinda place but we've often had staff come to our table to see if we needed anything. I know some people complain that the prices are a little high, but the uniqueness of the sides definitely makes up for it. The coleslaw is not your typical mayonnaise-laden mess, but instead is fresh and has a unique twist that includes green olives. The potato salad is also top-notch. I'm a bit of a fries addict and these are really great steak-cut fries. Be careful how much you eat though because you'll get very full from these. Of course I don't follow my own advice...The meats of course are what seal the deal. We have had almost every item on the menu and have never been disappointed. The sauce is also excellent and you are able to serve yourself as much as you'd like, warm at that. We make sure to buy a bottle of the bbq sauce every other week. For those who claim the sauce is watery...it's because it doesn't contain a bunch of corn starch which is a binder and thus would thicken it. Instead, Bryan uses fresh ingredients and you can definitely tell. It's also great to see Bryan at his place actually cooking every single time we've been there. They do have a great beer selection and even carry some wines if, like me, that's what you prefer. I've had bbq at almost every other place in the valley and this is definitely the best. Thankfully we only live ten minutes away but I'm sure we'd make the drive even if we lived further away. Cave Creek is a great town so I think Brian's is an appropriate location. Do yourself a favor and give Bryan's a try!
5	This is a really great, casual, BBQ place. We are there at least once a week and I am so happy I got a signed copy of Bryan's CookBook for my Birthday. I already made the Baked Potato Salad! I'll leave the Pulled Pork and Brisket to Bryan - he has it down to an art. Good Food and Fun!
4	Clean & well decorated but a little hidden so look closely for it in the corner of the building. Had the sliced Brisket which was well smoked with great flavor. About as tender as you can make it. I am guessing it isn't smoked low and slow due to the shallow smoke ring however I don't think that hampered the taste at all. It was just a touch on the dry side but otherwise very good.Sauce wasn't the best I have had but that is all personal preference. I will return to try the pork ribs!
5	The best BBQ I've had in Arizona.
5	Our go to BBQ place!  We love this place.  Granted I haven't ventured away from my Pulled Pork sandwich with coleslaw on top.. and fries.  But why stray if you've already found perfection.  Very casual, good for kids.  Place has a great atmosphere, love the staff.  Just wish they were open a bit later.. but it is Cave Creek.
5	Yelp should seriously institute some sort of rating system where the worst reviews can be withheld due to stupidity. Some highlights from the lowest reviews:Denise R.:"It thrown on a paper plate and served in a sloppy fast food style."It's a barbeque joint. These places typically do not come with the white glove treatment. And to top it off, her Yelp quote says "It is always the simple that produces the marvelous." Live by your own mottos Denise.Dura K.:"to be specific if u like the whitest white meat chicken with a smear of nonengaging BBQ sauce, this is for u."What does the "whitest white meat chicken" even mean? I doubt many people who go to Bryan's go there for the chicken...Donna B.:"The worse thing was the smokey aftertaste"Donna calls herself a foodie and then proceeds to complain about the smoky aftertaste AT A BARBEQUE RESTAURANT! This is seriously one of the dumbest things I've ever read on Yelp. She then tries to shore up her ignorance by stating that her friends are Texans. Another common theme with the lower star ratings seems to be with the sauce. Some people tend to feel the sauce was too "watery." I'm really not a fan of the KC style sauce but I understand if that is your thing. I guess I'm just not a fan of covering a pile of slow cooked pork with a ton of super sweet and thick sauce. Instead I chose to review Bryan's for what they do extremely well, and that's prepare a phenomenal pulled pork sandwich. Plenty of smoky flavor (sorry Donna), tender, delicious bits of smoky bark, not over sauced, juicy, and on a nice soft bun that doesn't get in the way of the meat. They also feature a nice selection of premium craft beers. I'm a happy man when I come here.Look people, it is obviously your right to say whatever you want on here (god bless America.) It's also obvious that the owner of this place did his homework and it shows in his product. When you look past the ridiculous comments about silverware and the like you will find IMHO the best BBQ I've had to date.
4	What a treat to find this place.  Wife and I were hungry after finishing a round of golf and found this great place.  Brisket was moist and flavorful with just the right smokey taste.  Also tried the pulled pork, pork ribs and chicken....delicious!!  Being from Texas I didn't think you could find bbq this good outside the Great State.......I was wrong!
4	Worth the drive from Phoenix. Great pork ribs. Fantastic dry rub & sauce. Excellent barbecue smell out in front of the restaurant on Cave Creek Rd. A tasty side dish is the 6 pack cowboy beans, as they have brisket bits inside. Best BBQ in the Valley...
4	Not only do I really love the food! The consistency is almost always right on! I try to eat here once a week, thats how much I love it. The only thing that holds me back from eating here more is the front counter lady. She is way to slow and likes to carry on huge conversations with people when there is a line out the door with starving patrons! Most people like to get this delicious food and start eating! Place has great atmosphere!! Very clean and inviting!
4	Ribs were awesome!
5	Great place! Hubby had the pulled pork sandwich with beans, I had the brisket with coleslaw, and daughter had the kid's sandwich with perfectly seasoned fries. Really good food. The pickled jalapeno they serve in the basket was delish. Next time we'll try the ribs. My only complaint is that they aren't open on Sundays.
5	This the best BBQ place I have been to in Phoenix. It may not look high-end, but the service and food is excellent. My only complaint is the time it takes to complete the order, however, that is understandable because of the taste and freshness.
5	Growing up in East Texas good BBQ is hard to find in AZ. I've been here several times and it is always great. The brisket just melts in your mouth. One of my AZ favorites is the full rack of Pork Spare Ribs with his Prickly Pear Cactus BBQ sauce on it sitting with a giant pile of crisp french fries with a pickled jalapeno they make in house. It use to be a special and may not be on the menu any more and you may have to ask for it but it is truly yummy. Last time I just ask for it and the owner said sure .. coming right up. We have used them for catering small and large events and the food comes ready to go. Just wish he had some Texas Sausage on the menu. A bit of a drive but well worth it.
4	I can't believe I hadn't been to Bryan's until now, living in Cave Creek for so long! I'm not one of those people from KC or Texas that go seek out the best BBQ places around - so take my review with a grain of salt that I'm no BBQ expert with opinions on different sauces, etc.Came here for lunch with two kids and everyone thought the food was really good. I had a plate with chicken and brisket because I'm not a big sandwich person. Everyone at our table loved the chicken the best I think - which is crazy! I tend to frequently get vegan meals, so I'm super excited to try the squash BBQ sandwich... since I love squash and it sounds fantastic from the other reviews.Kids had pulled pork sandwich and ribs in the children's meals. Daughter didn't care for the ribs - but she's 9 and doesn't like blackened / charred food like every other kid. Other daughter had pulled pork sandwich and was in heaven! I really enjoyed the potato salad - rich with a strong fresh dill flavor. Cowboy beans weren't my favorite, and I love beans, but something about the flavor of cowboy beans doesn't do it for me. Contrary to the other reviews, I thought the fries were fantastic! They weren't soggy at all and very fresh - hard not to eat a lot of them. Genius are the Wiki Stick packs that they give to kids with children's menus! Never seen them before, and the kids had a good ol' time trying to form cowboys from the wiki sticks (instructions included). Wiki sticks are awesome, not messy, and different from the usual crayons and coloring paper thing - it shows that they actually put some thought into their smaller guests.Can't wait to go back!
4	I would actually rate Bryan's 4.5 stars.  In terms of Phoenix-area BBQ, this is the best we've found, and whenever we take a trip up to Cave Creek to either shop or visit friends, we MUST eat at Bryan's.  I dig the sauce.  The chili is fantastic.  Ribs are top-notch--and, amazingly, even taste phenomenal 1-2 days later after popping them in the microwave.  I could probably live the rest of my life on their pulled pork.  We make sure to arrive when they first open to avoid a long, long line.  Popular for a good reason--the owners (a Texan and a Chicagoan--how can you go wrong with that?) deserve all their great marks and popularity.  Why not 5 stars?  The places I would give 5 stars in AZ and, especially, in KS and TX, usually have a bit of a wider menu selection--including the sausages that have been mentioned in other reviews.  If the owners do expand their menu, I may be driving out here every other week!
4	So, my friend and I decided to spend the day hanging out together on this side of town. We both needed to get out of the house, and go for a pretty drive.While we were driving down the Carefree Hwy, we swung by and hung a left on Cave Creek road because its been a while since we had been to this side of town.  While we were driving, we parked the car in town and found this place.  I spotted it from across the street, and we ran in to get some food.Place is cute, with a nice patio and plenty of seating inside as well. Mostly tables with some booths. It's a fast casual type place, so you go, place your order, and they call your name when the orders ready.The food itself was really good. I went with the brisket sandwich with fries and a drink. My friend went with the half chicken, baked potato salad (which had sour cream) and a drink. the potatos were awesome! I wish I had ordered it as my side instead!Brisket was soft and tasty, and my friend enjoyed his chicken a lot.  It didn't come with a ton of BBQ sauce on it (which is fine by me) and you can always add more from the BBQ sauce station that they have set up in the condiment area.  I really liked the condiment area because not only was it neat and clean, but it was well stocked. I also like that they have a decent selection of food to choose from as well.Overall, we really enjoyed our time here. If your in the area, or want to try excellent BBQ, please, go eat here. Place is awesome! Patio is a great size as well.  Make the trip, you'll be really happy you did!
4	Found Bryan's Black Mtn BBQ about a week after they opened. Couldn't help but go back every time we were in Cave Creek. Had to fabricate reasons for quite a few trips, too. We live in Maricopa now and can't get there near often enough!I'm a displaced Texan and love my BBQ. The Bryan Family has earned my loyalty.Their Brisket and pulled pork are mouthwatering, absolutely wonderful. All the sides are worth the trip by themselves. Signature olive cole slaw, sweet Jalapenos, beans are all a cut above. Only complaint- Ya can't see or hear the old Western movies that they show on the wall. Damn, I hate that! Me & Roy rode many a mile together. The Duke, too.Oh, to those complaining about the service- it's a BBQ place!!! Ya don't serve BBQ on bone china. It's against all rules!! It's real!! Go to McDonald's next time or to the bar across the street, so we won't hear your complaints.  :)
4	I don't really give any restaurants a five star rating but considered it here.  This is the best barbecue I've ever had and is definitely worth the 50 minute trip from central phoenix.My favorite is the pulled pork sandwich topped with a fried egg and the olive coleslaw side dish - but the cowboy beans and brisket are really great as well.  I used to live in Cave Creek and I miss this place more than anything else up there.  If you're anywhere near the area, do yourself a favor and check it out.
5	Love this place. Close to my house so that's a plus. My family loves it here as do I do. A downfall to this place is that they're closed on Sundays. Another downside is that you smell like barbecue after leaving this place. The Chicken Sandwhich is the best I've had here.
4	Brisket and pulled pork very good, fries also. Nice dog friendly patio. Would go back for sure
5	I felt like I owed Bryan's an update.Most new restaurants a few years in are starting to drop in quality, have increased prices, have hired unfriendly or unprofessional staff, or are venturing off in some very strange culinary directions.NOT BRYAN'S.The food is still as amazingly tasty as it was when he first opened.  AND, portion size has not decreased, nor has menu price increased.  That alone speaks volumes about how Bryan totally "gets it".  And the staff is just as friendly and hospitable as ever.  Truly - I walk in there and I feel like every member of Bryan's staff is concerned about how happy I am with my dining experience.Now, he has added some new menu items.  But, keep in mind - this guy is a CIA grad (read:  real Chef, not a "cook" or backyard BBQ enthusiast), so I love when he flexes his food muscle.  But, ALL of the original core menu items are still here.  Heck, the menu board is the same as when he opened.  lolBut besides the food being completely yummy with huge portions and terrific value, the restaurant is always totally clean and inviting.  I have never once come in here and not been warmly greeted, and I've always sat at a table that was entirely clean.Probably my *only* complaint about Bryan's, is that he's closed on SUN and MON.  I know a guy needs some time off, but I hope he feels confident one day to turn over the reigns, so that us junkies can eat every day of the week.  So, the "must haves"  - the ribs are to die for.  Thick, meaty, fall-off-the bone, but not in that "they're disintegrating because they're mostly fat or overcooked" kinda way. The spicy BBQ sauce - I want to bathe in it or put a dab behind my ears and on my wrists.  Even the pulled chicken is always moist (do you know how hard this is to pull off with lean meats??).   And the fries.  Oh, the fries.  Absolutely the best anywhere.  Hand cut, made fresh for every order and just the right combo of crisp and meaty.  Potato salad - divine.  Potatoes are the right firmness, a perfect amount of dill and mayo.  Olive cole slaw?  Wish I thought of it, but since I didn't, I come to Bryan to get my slaw on.Do yourself a favor.  Or, flavor.  Come to Bryan's.  And do yourself another favor and bring home take-out, because you'll want this stuff the next day again.P.S.  Pick up his new cookbook!
5	As good as BBQ gets!!!!!Great atmosphere, friendly service, great beer selection and incredible food!  I have lived in Texas and all over the South and I never expected to find the best BBQ in Arizona.  Try it all, you can't go wrong.
5	Great Barbeque and great service - they remember your name and move the usually busy line along. Try the lamb drumstick with the ginger beer barbeque sauce..Its seasonal but worth the wait every year.
4	We really enjoy Bryan's. It has a great atmosphere, is incredibly clean, has really friendly staff and I think it's amazing that Bryan is always there working front and center. The BBQ is great (we've had the ribs, brisket, pulled pork and chicken) and the sides are pretty good too, I just wish they would expand their variety a bit (hence why I docked a star). I'm missing something like cheesy potatoes or mac and cheese! You can get fries, dill potato salad, green olive coleslaw or cowboy beans. I'm not the biggest fan of the beans, but I like everything else. All meals come with a house-made pickled jalapeno too, if that's something you're interested in! The meat is served with sauce, but it's pretty stingy so make sure to visit the counter along the wall to get either spicy of original sauce. I love that they keep it heated so you can pour warm sauce all over your dinner! Also, if you buy Bryan's cookbook (which is great - all his restaurant recipes are in there!) he will sign it for you. We just made the dill potato salad this weekend and it tasted just like it does in the restaurant. A couple notes: It gets REALLY busy on the weekends and closes at 8 so make sure to get there early if you don't want to wait in a long line and stand around lurking for a tableBe careful if you order the chocolate chip ice cream cookie sandwich (not worth the calories if you ask me!) It comes out frozen solid and I almost broke a tooth on the darn thing!
2	Not even close to the best BBQ!  I don't understand the high reviews for this place!  Honestly you can get better BBQ at a chain!
2	We are from the south and know great barbecue. This barely passes.
2	Not sure why this place has all of the great reviews!  I've had better BBQ in Chicago and that pretty much sums it up!  BBQ sauce had no flavor!
5	The best bbq I have ever had, but oddly enough it was the olive coleslaw that stoled the show.  Bryan's is the best and Bryan was very friendly!
5	WOW! I am not joking, I just ordered the Tomato sandwich, which they only have for the summer, and it is hands down, the best thing I have ever eaten in my life.Juicy Tomatoes, fresh bread, I have died and gone to heaven.This is a problem since I work across the street, I will be back many times for just this sandwich!Great job guys! Also great location, and love the decor inside. Makes me a proud Creeker when I eat things this delicious. THANK YOU!
5	We just ate at Bryan's. have to say it was the best BBQ we have had yet. We ordered the rib and meat combo. The ribs were smoked to perfection and very tender almost fall off the bone. The beef brisket was to die for so moist and tender and perfect smoke flavor. My Wife loved the coleslaw and I loved the fries. I would add a little sweetness to the beans but they were very good besides that. And they have the new soda machine with 100 plus combinations awesome. Worth the travel to try. If Bryan reads this would love if you added a smoked sausage to the menu and toasted the bread. Will definitely be back many times.
5	Best BBQ in AZ hands down. The potato salad is incredible and the brisket is tender and moist. They even have amazing veggie options like pulled squash and a seasonal tomato sandwich. Great beer selection too. We'll definitely be back, I want to try everything on the menu!
5	Food is amazing!! Staff is always  friendly!! But please do something to move that line faster!!  One register with chatty customers means a lot of time on our feet in line. The line has a tendency to go out the door scaring customers away. I have watched families walk away on several visits.
5	Absolutely worth the drive from Phoenix!  As someone else said, the tomato sandwich is one of the best things I have ever eaten - cant wait to come back and order it again.  Beef brisket sandwich was also delicious - nice, smoky flavor!  Great job!
3	Good BBQ, the brisket was good, but not great in my mind.
5	Wow!I had been planning on hitting Bryans up for quite awhile.  I'd heard great things and was always bummed out when I was in CC on a Sunday and "remembered" that they were closed.  But not today...my phone says it Saturday so I am all good.Wonderful.  The brisket and pulled pork were awesome.  Yes....that's the way I roll.  Tried both and they were out of this world.  Both came with a side, and the fries were a huge order and tasted great.  They have warm BBQ sauce to use and the buns were buttery and fresh.I cannot imagine a better tasting BBQ than this.  I just can't.  Its a small place.  Really a lunch place (to me) more than anything else.  Maybe a weeknight dinner but not a Saturday night kinda joint.  But once you go you'll be back.  I know I will.YUM!!!
4	Great food, not fast food, not cheap food, but it is good BBQ, nice setting on the patio at night.  My kids liked their ribs, so it all worked out.
5	The. most. wonderful. brisket! Smoky and tender -- it's my favorite thing on their menu. Normally, I'm more of a pulled pork BBQ kinda girl but this brisket has converted me. The potato salad is rich and packed with dill and the coleslaw is refreshing with big pieces of olive (so beware, if you don't like them). Interesting bottled beer selection at fair prices. Destination-worthy BBQ!
5	Great BBQ. I have tried everything on then menu and love it all.  The brisket is my favorite. The staff is friendly and courteous.  Bryan is always there to oversee the food prep.  The restaurant is small so you may have a little wait if you want to dine inside.  There are tables on the patio which allow for outdoor dining.  Either way its worth the ride and wait to check it out.
5	First time visitor today and it was awesome.  The pulled pork sandwich was the best by far.  Had previously read some reviews from people who didnt like the sauce but I thought the spicy BBQ sauce was really good.  Way better than that awful sweet stuff you get at a chain. I highly recommend Bryan's....definitely worth the drive from anywhere in the valley.
5	THE best bbq in Arizona! The food is amazing here. The chili is to die for and the ribs are delicious! Great environment and located in the small town of cave creek/care free. One of my favorites when im in town.
5	Best ribs I have had. Cool place to go.
2	I'm sorry, but however decent the food may be, I just can't frequent a barbecue restaurant that misspells the word 'barbecue' in its name.  "Barbeque" would be pronounced "barbeck."Yes, I know that this misspelling has become so common that many dictionaries now allow it as an "alternate" spelling.  But it's still WRONG.  There is no word in ANY language in which the suffix "que" is pronounced "cue."  The next time you want to say 'what' to a Spanish speaker (que?), say "cue?" and see if he or she knows what you're talking about.  ;)
5	We've stopped by here a few times now, on the way home from the lake. Even made a specific trip there, from Phx., to enjoy such yummy BBQ!Staff are all very nice, and the food is incredible!
5	Amazing ribs and pulled pork! Sauce not overpowering. Potato salad has sour cream and dill in dressing, which I love. Fries were seasoned. The best I've had had in this area. Plenty of bottled beer to choose from.
4	BBQ here is amazing. Always a good hearty meal to get after a bike ride. I recommend getting the burnt ends sandwich with fries and a cold one.
2	When I read reviews on foods like bbq or pizza I tend to think I'd have a better idea of what to expect from the food if I had a better idea of the reviewer's preferences and background. So, here's mine...I am not from Texas but I lived in Austin for 12 years and in that time tried just about every reputable bbq joint that came and went within a reasonable distance of there. Standouts include a few of the spots in and around Lockhart - City Market, Kreuz's, Black's, Smitty's, etc. In Austin proper there have been a few come and go, some better than others. To me, brisket is always a good litmus test when trying a new place. Every bbq joint I've been to in the Phoenix area - if they even serve brisket - they tend to serve it... a) only on a sandwich, b) pulled apart and smothered in sauce, c) with the fat mercilessly trimmed off, and d) as part of a combination platter of some sort.In contrast to this, I'm accustomed to being able to buy it by the pound, by itself, with the option of leaving the fat in tact (this is where the flavor is!), the sauce on the side as a mere option, and god forbid it gets slapped on a bun like it's a frikkin maid-rite.My experience tells me that when it's pulled apart, slathered with sauce, and smashed between bread, it's because, on its own, it's dry and lacks tenderness, and this is being masked with 'presentation'.Needless to say, the reviews of Bryan's gave me hope. I looked at the menu online and sure enough they served brisket by the pound. I imagined moist and marbled cuts of beautifully encrusted brisket sliced thick and tender that would jiggle almost like jello on the tray and practically melt in your mouth until the final forkful. I thought about bbq joints in Texas for which people happily waited in lines that wrapped around  the block and that closed by 3 o'clock in the afternoon once the day's meat was gone.What I got was... not that.The meat was - how else can I say it? - dull. And dry. It seriously lacked flavor. Thinly sliced and - you guessed it - doused in sauce. It seemed old and reheated. It reminded me of a run of the mill chain that coasts on its reputation and even builds a decent clientele of folks who have no reference point for good meat. I'm at a loss to understand the array of five-star reviews associated with this place. I can only assume it is the result of a bbq-deprived population in the valley many of whom have simply not had the good fortune to have eaten quality bbq that comes out of a thriving and competitive market. If this guy took this stuff to a place where the people knew the difference between meat cranked out like donuts, and quality meats made with heart and soul and patience, he wouldn't last six months without stepping his game way up.If this is what people in Arizona are willing to settle for, this is all we will get. And if, rather than settling, we actually applaud it like it's been dropped down on us from heaven, those of us who know better will have to resort to reminiscing and will most certainly get eyes rolled at us for suggesting how much better it could be. I really don't mean to come off like a snob, but once you've had the real thing, you can spot a corner-cutter like Bryan from miles away.And from miles away you should, as this place is out in the sticks. If anything I say in this review strikes a chord with you, don't waste your time on this. If you're rolling your eyes and thinking to yourself, "What a barbecue snob," well by all means have at it.Ignorance is bliss.
5	Love, love, love this place.My wife and I love BBQ and we can always find something on the menu here.  My only warning is that it's very easy to over-consume.They have both a sweet and spicy BBQ sauce.  I love the sweet and my wife love's the spicy.I don't care for olives so I skip the slaw side and almost always go with the beans.  They tend to be just a tiny bit spicy with nice chunks of meat mixed in.The pulled-pork is probably my favorite but I often get the pulled-chicken sandwich as well.  My only complaint about the chicken is easily remedied by adding BBQ sauce.  I think the chicken would be a little better if it came with a little more sauce on it or was a little juicer.The pricing is a little higher than I would expect for a run-of-the-mill BBQ joint but, then again, it's not just a run-of-the-mill joint.My wife and I try to get in there about once a week.
2	Not impressed. We drove quite a ways to see if this place was worthy of all the praise it had shown here on Yelp. Aaaaand it wasn't. I'm not a BBQ person but I would much rather have stayed closer to home and had something that I know is good like Honey Bears. Funny thing is, my fiance , who lived in Austin, TX for 12 years has been wanting to find a good place to go, I trust his judgement and this place was not it. Don't get me wrong, it was a cute establishment, very clean and the best part was the Coke machine that would spit out 50 different flavors of soda... but I can get that at Pei Wei. The first thing I bought was a peppermint rice crispy treat... awful and stale and also 3 dollars. The sandwich was not a great size, had some mild BBQ flavor but really nothing spectacular. The side potato salad was a bit bland, BUT the fries were pretty good., so  all was not lost. I liked the drive down there, it was pretty and me and my fiance had some quality time talking. the little town of Cave Creek is charming but never again will I venture up that way for this place. I am not even sure if I can trust the reviews on this establishment or any other in the area. It seems to me that people often confuse the price of their dinner with the quality. This is definitely not somewhere we will recommend nor visit again.
5	The best barbecue I have ever had!!!! I get the BBQ chicken sandwich about once a week at least. If you like to eat light try the romain ribs. It's basically romain wedges with their own lemon dressing.
5	Great BBQ! It's hard to find good BBQ but Bryan's is the place.
5	Buttery, BBQ goodness! This is by far some of the best BBQ I've ever had and definitely in the top tier of best BBQ I've ever had in Arizona. It's been on my list to visit Bryan's, especially after reading so many Yelper's glowing reviews! Recently, I finally had the chance to try this divey BBQ shop and my mouth hasn't since stopped watering for a second, third and fourth visit! This is a no-frills BBQ restaurant filled with charm and aromas that excite any taste buds. It's exactly how a BBQ restaurant should be! We stood in line and watched (who I believe was) Bryan himself along with his co-chefs whip up delicious BBQ made-to-order. I decided to order the pulled pork BBQ sandwich while my husband went with the beef brisket topped with a fried egg (yes a fried egg! It's an add-on). The sandwich came with a side so I went for the fries. After we ordered and paid, we went to find a seat inside. They also have seating outside and plenty of cute shops to browse while you wait. Now on to the food! First of all, they have my favorite Coca Cola machine with about 50 different coke product options! I decided to sip on my favorite, the Diet Cherry Vanilla Coke that I can only find in these coke machines. We then filled plastic containers with piping hot BBQ sauce and dug in. The pulled pork is tender, juicy and full of flavor. Now I know what BBQ should taste like! The bun was buttery goodness and I didn't care one bit about the calories I was consuming with each butter-filled bite. The BBQ sauce was tangy and the perfect bit of sweet flavor to top the tender BBQ. I tried both the spicy and regular BBQ sauce and couldn't taste a different but loved the flavor of the sauce. I was also pleasantly surprised by the flavoring of the french fries and noticed a salty flavorful seasoning. I gobbled up every bite and happily entered a food coma. I will be coming back often and also plan on picking some up for takeout. They would be a great place to get a party catered as well!
3	The bad~Not sure what all the hype is.  I live in Cave Creek and think there are better places to dine.  First of all, the BBQ is not Southern Style.  No sweetness or spice to the sauce, nor is it thick.  The side selection is terrible & very, very limited.  Potato salad with a ton of sour cream & dill, & more sour cream.  I'm from the South & BBQ is usually at least served with corn on the cob.  And who has heard of putting olives in Cole slaw? Don't expect to get a cup of coffee or even dessert. The good~The brisket was tender.  All sandwiches served on a plain but buttered white roll.  It is very clean, but always very crowded.
2	Really good food. And I usually have good service (take out). Order was slightly wrong today which was fine, but the sarcastic comment from the kid cashier sorta soured me on ordering again. I'm sorry, I do not tip on take out orders. If you delivered I would tip 20%. I've never gotten a chitty comment when I pick up a pizza or Pei Wei.
5	So we moved to Cave Creek and heard about this place.... It lives up to it's reputation as is really good!!  Decent portions...Little touches like cole slaw made with olive oil DO make a difference. We will be stopping for lunch or dinner in the near future. Spicy BBQ was hot, but not crazy. Also not sure what's in the cowboy beans but it was really good to. Oh ya, but like most places in downtown Cave Creek no need to get dressed up!!
5	Bryan's Black Mountain Barbeque is definitely at the top of the Barbeque Mountain in the Phoenix metro area. They have plenty of seating both inside and outside the restaurant.This place is busy and for good reason. You line up and give your order and pay. They also have many different types of sodas, tea and lemonade housed in a giant dispenser where you program what you want via touch screen. They call out your name when your order is ready. I really like the brisket and have enjoyed the ribs as well. They have a station where the heated BBQ Sauce is dispensed from a dispenser similar to how you get your ketchup. They season their fries with a lot of salt/spices so ask for plain fries if you're not into the salty/spicy fries. Their beans are also mighty tasty if you decide to go in that direction.I just wish this place was a lot closer to my house because I love climbing that BBQ Mountain.
4	Went there on a busy Saturday afternoon. There was outdoor and indoor seating including booths, tables and a bar outside. Flavored coca cola machine where you could pick your own flavored fountain drink or juice. Got a half rack of pork ribs, potato salad and olive cole slaw. Ribs were huge and half came back with me. Potato salad was amazing with lots if dill. Olive cole slaw had no flavor. Over all pretty good!
3	We came out to Cave Creek looking for a place that was considered pet friendly and well reviewed. We stopped into Bryan's Black Mountain BBQ for a bite. It seems to be a pretty popular place so expect to wait a bit if you're here on Saturday. I got the 2 meat platter with the potato salad and cole slaw.The good: the pulled pork was delicious. Tender, juicy, and smoky. The cole slaw was stand out too and has olives in it which added a little salty savory to it. If you don't like olives, your mileage may vary. The okay: the brisket was tender, but a bit dry and a little bland. The potato salad was pretty much supermarket tub quality. Edible, but not very interesting. Also sampled my wife's ribs and fries and those were very good. Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area, but there are plenty of other BBQ places in the valley at least this good.
3	I have been sooo looking forward to Bryan's. (And he's really there, but he sure could work the guests - he needs to talk to the customers when he's not busy).  Today went for linner (3:30pm).  Jo had the beef brisket plate - $14.95 with lots of beef and two sides.  The brisket, as in so many places, was dry.  WHY don't kitchens put their briskets in broth to keep them moist?  Cole slaw was ehh.  I had the Rib and pulled pork plate.  $14.95 with two sides.  5 nice, meaty ribs and a big pile of pulled pork.  But again, the pulled pork was very dry. And the chili was poor.  I used to cook chili in completion - made it to the final table in the CA State.  This chili....sorry, Bryan.  I would never order it again.Tried both sauces.  The regular and the spicy.  Neither was to my taste, but no dings, because I know that BBQ sauce is really a personal taste thing.So my final results....3 to 3.5.  Would I go back?  Maybe, but I'm going to try another place first.
5	Insanely awesome. All the meats have a beautiful smoky flavor. Though their sauces are good but not standout, its totally fine because the flavor and juiciness of the meats obviates the need for sauce.  Pulled pork sandwiches are big enough for a standalone meal.  Great bottled beer selections. Great staff. Great location, worth a trip from wherever you are coming from.
5	I was raised in Cave Creek and let me tell you this is the best food in town! Be sure to try the specials!!! There's always something fun and unique to try.
3	Five of us went to Bryan's for dinner.  The table agreed the brisket was by far the best thing any of us had.  It wasn't dry as one of the other reviewers mentioned, but it was incredibly tender.  The brisket is the only reason we gave it three stars.  I know barbecue can be pretty personal on preference but none of us liked the pulled pork at all.  We ended up throwing it away!  The beans were a bit spicy (which I liked others did not).  The coleslaw was average as was the chili.  I am told the ribs were also fine but not great, so really other than the brisket there wasn't much to rave about.
3	I wish there was a rating between 2 and 3 stars.  We're originally from Kansas City, so it's very difficult to be fair when reviewing BBQ restaurants anywhere else. (KC is well known for their extraordinarily delicious BBQ.) We had Brisket sandwiches, fries and the beans.  Must say, Brisket was moist and well smoked - although a bit "fatty" for our taste.  Flavor of the meat was good.  Fries were fine.  Beans....well....they were terrible.  Our kids had the ribs - 10 yr old daughter liked them, 15 year old son........mmmmm.....not so much.  The 2 sauces (mild or spicy) were barely more "BBQ-y"  than ketchup - YUCK!  Restaurant was very clean and pretty busy for a Friday evening.  We won't be going back.  (I guess we'll continue our search - in vain - to find a more KC style BBQ restaurant here in the Phoenix area.)
5	I grew up in Texas...think I know a little bit about BBQ, just a bit. Best around!  My husband loves the sauce so much he makes bloody Mary's with it! The pulled pork is amazing and although I'm more traditional about my cole slaw, grandma makes the best, it is very good.  Highly recommend!
4	Came here for the first time after an Oregano's debacle only to see there was a long line. We stuck it out since everybody was raving about the place.We waited in line 30mins and got our food 15mins after we ordered. It was SO worth it!! Wow!! Not only were the ribs and brisket good, the coke slaw is mixed with kalamata olives that gives it a good and different taste.The customer service by the lady that took out order was very pleasant to see on a busy night . We'll definitely be back!
5	Great barbeque.  Table of 4 enjoyed lunch of pulled pork sandwiches, and brisket sandwich with sides of fries, beans, coleslaw.  All of it very good.  Clean, and comfortable.  Prompt service.  We'll be back
4	Probably more of 3.5 stars, but I am giving them the benefit of the doubt.I had the pulled chicken sandwich, wife had squash.  My son had applesauce, ha!The spicy sauce was better than the original, however both tasted like ketchup.  Maybe its just being in Chicago and having several really good BBQ joints so close that has spoiled me.  Cowboy beans were good and flavorful, baked potato salad was ok and the fries need to lose the salt.Beer offering is legit.If we ever make it back to Cave Creek/Carefree we would stop in for lunch.
4	We went to Bryan's over the weekend and were very happy we made that choice.  The place was hopping; very busy with customers.  The line moved fast.  We ordered the pulled chicken and pulled pork sandwich.  We both decided on the coleslaw as our side.  Very tasty and succulent.  The BBQ sauce is mild and does not overwhelm the meats.  The olive coleslaw was good and not too heavy on the olives.  I would have liked a stronger taste.  We sat outside and will definitely be back.
5	Do yourself a favor and go here immediately, the drive is worth it!  Best BBQ I've had in AZ, and I've had a lot!  The brisket sandwich is next level.  The brisket is juicy and tender, the bun is perfectly toasted.   I've never liked potato salad but their Dill Potato Salad is incredible...I'M OBSESSED!!!  Great local beers too!
4	I had the beef brisket sandwich and it was huge and kept me full for most of the day. The beans are great and had a spicy kick to them. There was so much brisket in the sandwich, they don't hold anything back. Good food for your buck. I would return.
5	I don't need to say much here.  Read the other 4 and 5-star reviews and look at the pictures.  This place took me right back to Lockhart, TX.  Excellent BBQ!  We had the pulled pork sandwich a la carte, and then the 2 meat dinner with ribs, brisket, beans, and fries.  Everything was perfect.  Too bad it's 60 miles each way or we'd be there a couple times a month at least.
5	Absolutely loved this place. Got the pulled chicken and it wasn't what I was expecting. The chicken was moist and pretty chunky. Hands down the best pulled chicken sandwich I have ever had. Went here based on other Yelp reviews and I am so glad I did.
5	I went to Bryan's yesterday with the family ....What a treat, the staff friendly and the food was off the chart. You can tell when the food was made with love, this was !
2	We tried several things for lunch (brisket, pulled pork, chicken, chili, beans, mashed potato salad) because we were hoping to find our new go-to eating place. I liked the brisket but that's where the praise ends. Food tasted overly smokey and lacked seasoning. It was also a bit pricey but the portions were large. It's a cute place with lots of charm, everyone was friendly and we really wanted to like it. We might give it another chance in the future - just in case they were having an off day.
4	Excellent .. pulled pork sandwich was delicious . BBQ sauce one of the best I've had !!!
5	For the love of PETE MOVE HERE TO MY TOWN!OMG! the food here was to die for. I have never had brisket like this! I mean really NEVER! I did not expect much and when I got my sandwich I was in SHOCK! I mean really it was like I was in HEAVEN! Service was nice and friendly and the food was just hot and fresh!!The brisket was way way cool. I want to give this place a 10. This place made the visit all worth it. Thank god I found this place. I will come here every time! BEST FOOD BBQ FOOD EVER!!!!COME HERE NOW Its that good!GREAT JOB GUYS AND GALS!
5	Had the Alligator sandwich with chow chow-AMAZING. When travelling into Cave Creek, skip the chain restaurant and eat where the locals go. You will not be disappointed with the menu.
5	My wife and I come here once a month when the budget permits us.  Having grown up in a BBQ Restaurant in Alabama I must say this is the best BBQ West of the Mississippi!  I personally enjoy the 1/3 rack of ribs with Brisket and 2 sides. I have never been a fan of potato salad, that being said Bryan's has the most amazing potato salad I have ever had!!  The BBQ beans are also very good and a little spicy.  The best side choice for me is the Slaw!!  Ribs are always smoked to perfection here.  When we place our order we make sure to place a TOGO as well (usually always chopped brisket, 1lb.)  The prices for food are well worth it! The drive is definitely worth it! Knowing that I'll be back for more... Worth it every time!!
2	Well... I am a tough critic when it comes to BBQ. I grew up with BBQ and this was not the same. My wife and I decided to take a Saturday drive and we ended up in CaveCreek. Naturally, we decided to hit up Yelp to see what spots were hopping! We saw this place had a bunch of good reviews and we were excited to see what it had to offer. For starters, keep a close eye when looking for it as you could easily drive by it. (we did twice.) We started to get excited when we parked the car and our senses were taken over by an aroma of BBQ. The entrance was well put together next to some southwestern stores. They had a cool patio and the place had awards hanging all over inside the restaurant. We walked up to begin the order and the staff was very friendly and welcoming to all the questions we had. I was bummed they did not offer baby back ribs :(. I stepped away for a second to use the restroom and I would like to add that it was extremely clean. Upon my return, my wife had ordered pork ribs, chicken, corn, some type of hearts of Romaine concoction, fries, and beans. The fries were very tasty, the salad thing was tangy and almost had a bitter taste. The beans were good. The pork ribs were okay at best. I prefer BBQ when meat is falling off the bones and bbq sauce is everywhere. In this case, I found the ribs to be a little chewy and it almost seemed the the ribs were made the day before. The chicken was pretty good, tender, hot, and the sauce mixed well. The sauce had good flavor and you can taste the quality of the sauce. We thought the prices were pretty steep for what we received in return. $50 bucks for two drinks and the food mentioned above.
4	Sooo I'm a Texas boy, so BBQ is in my blood. I;ll keep this short and sweet. The BBQ is REALLY good. But no sausage???? Seriously??? es were a little high. ( Or a lot high!) Otherwise, very cool atmosphere, great BBQ, and HEY you are in Cave Creek!
5	Bryan Dooley is the most creative and 'chef' oriented barbecue soul we have ever had the pleasure to meet and certainly Bryan's BarBQ right off Cave Creek rd is absolutely not to be missed! Bar b q brisket perfectly smoked and  and tender and juicy! I literally drank both sauces! Both vinegar- based! One a lil 'hotter' but both so incredible! Chicken outstanding! We are back for our second summer only tomato sandwich! Best  sandwich I have ever had! Red and yellow, lil watercress, lil onion and some kind of whallopin' good Dijon sauce! Yoeza! Bread butter toasted on grill! Mouth currently watering! Do but some sauce and brya/ rub to go! Aaaaand! Buy his cookbook! Incredible recipes from his gourmet BarBQ place!
3	The bbq was great! But $2.75 for a styrofoam cup fountain drink?! And $7.50 kids meals...this place is over priced on quite a few things considering there are paper lined baskets and no servers.
5	I am a certified KCBS judge. I have eaten all kinds of BBQ all over the world. I can assure you this place is the best and most consistent I have found. No matter where you live it's worth the drive. Bryan over sees each order and it must meet his ok before being served. Brisket it better than competition Cooking. Ribs are great pulled pork also. Always some specials like lamb.chicken etc, sauces are great an warmed. I'm hungery
5	Wow! Years later and not only is this place still in business( this is rare in the town of Cave Creek) but they still are consistently great! They have sped up the check out process as well! My favorite Cave Creek restaurant!
3	After my buddy Matt F. Raved about this place I had to give it a try. I got the two meat combo with the ribs and the pulled pork. The ribs were chewy and kind of fatty. The pulled pork was good.  The side of potato salad was a sour cream drenched version of a normal potato salad.  The fries were good. I wouldn't go out of my way again.  I have to say the best BBQ in Arizona is Bobby Q all day.  The ribs are fall off the bone and the pulled pork is amazing.5 star Bobby Q3 star Bryan'sTrust me!!
4	All in all, really wonderful food full of flavor and a lot to choose from.  They only offer dry brisket so if you are a moist brisket fan, find something else to order.  Plenty to choose from or dunk the brisket in the sauce to moisten it up.
5	Love this place. Can't say enough about how good the food is. Never got a bad meal. Everything is good.
5	We have been going to the bbq restaurant since it opened and we LOVE it! The meat is always consistent no matter what you get! My fav are the ribs and beef brisket and his bbq sauce is awesome, I could just eat that, lol! They have a great selection or beers and fun sodas and there are seasonal specials like the carmel corn on the cob which rocks! Love the atmosphere, like your hanging with a big group of friends and the staff is awesome! It's a must try if you haven't!
5	The secret is out... Everyone knows that this is the best BBQ in cave creek - maybe Arizona - possible the U.S...  We have seen this place grow since the day that they open and I think is because they are consistent with the quality of their product. Its good and it's good every time..
5	Byan's BBQ is amazing. That really is almost all that needs to be said here, there's no "if" "and's" or "but's" about it. It's just really good BBQ, at a fair price, with great service and a comfortable setting. I could also talk about how they have a great beer selection, or how they do seasonal specials that are different types of things than you would find at any other BBQ restaurant or how they have a vegetarian option (BBQ pulled squash sandwich) that is incredible, even to a carnivore like me. But saying all that isn't even necessary, because the long and short of it is, this is just some damn good food. Seriously, there is a reason this place has a 4 and a half star average rating with a 100+ reviews, and if you ask me, it should be a perfect 5 star rating across the board.  If you want BBQ in Phoenix, this is the place to go.
5	After hearing family members talk this place up for some time, I finally had a chance to stop by. I had the two-meat platter--brisket (sliced) and chicken. Both were excellent. The chicken was very moist and the brisket was lean. I tend to be picky about brisket, and was pleased with how it was prepared. The ambience of the place was a plus. It goes with the overall feel laid back feel of Cave Creek.
5	I went to Cave Creek in service of some rustic furniture.  Though my shopping trip to did not net the piece of furniture I was looking for...I got that reminder from my stomach "get something in my belly NoW!  So I resort to my trusty Yelp App - where to eat near me.  Bryan's on the GPS here I come.  The smell of the BBQ when I drove was mesmerizing.  So I walk in and place my order.  I opt for the Brisket sandwich w/ olive salad.  AMAZING and I loved my brisket sandwich. . The olive salad was interesting, I liked it but just a different slaw and it was very fresh tasting.  I think I want to try the potato salad & beans next time!  Will there be a next time? Absolutely!!!! This upcoming weekend for sure!Place was very clean, friendly service and I enjoyed sitting outside watching the pedestrians and cars pass along.  One thing I am curious about is the Friday Frog Legs poster I read.  This sounds very interesting & my husband loves Frog Legs!  I haven't wrapped my mind around trying one until now....it's one of those things that if I didn't know what I was trying & then liked it...now tell me what I ate.  I just may try one for the time here.  Was trying to find pics of it here & none were on Yelp.... We will see if I ever meet up with Kermit....If you are in Cave Creek - go to Bryan's!!!!! Enjoy & be awesome today!
4	Hubby ordered the two item plate ($14.95) of pulled pork and chicken. The plate includes two sides; he chose brisket chili and olive coleslaw. The pork and chicken were moist and lightly sauced. I ordered a rack of pork ribs (hubby always ends up eating half) ($24) with baked potato salad and olive coleslaw. The ribs were prepared far better than many I have had since Martin's in Nashville TN (Guy Fiera's restaurant in Las Vegas should take note of Bryan's).The potato salad is tasty and olive coleslaw has a unique flavor. The olive taste is there but not overdone. The chili made from the barbecue is a different take on traditional chili. Do not confuse Bryan's barbecue with southern barbecue - there is a definite difference but it tastes good.The barbecue sauce comes in regular and spicy. In addition to the sauce served on the meat are heated pump dispensers by the utensil station.We have eaten lunch in many restaurants in Cave Creek. For us it is a pleasant drive on the weekend. Bryan's is the first restaurant that we will return to.
4	I'm now an Austin BBQ snob so there's no way I can give this place 5 stars but it is a solid place to get food in Cave Creek. The ribs and brisket are tender and tasty and the spicy barbecue sauce is among the best BBQ sauces I've had. The coleslaw was watery and the beans were nothing special. I got a special dehydrated cod in rutabaga mash wrapped in phylo (a Nordic dish I think) and it was surprisingly good. The place is a cool setup and it's nice to sit outside. Order upfront and pick up your food when it's ready.
5	Really the best bbq in AZ. You can taste lots of layers of flavor in every item. I love the chef/owner's education and cooking background too. I taste it in every succulent bite. I've learned from talking to the owner that the brisket can be ordered more or less fatty based on preference. I've found that I like it a bit fatty after trying it a few different ways. Also, everything is made to order, so the brisket can be sliced thinner or thicker too.
4	Excellent BBQ. Fair portions, but don't expect anything Texas huge. Orders are made and served at the counter. Not crazy about the side dishes. Nice setting in Cave Creek. Limited parking. Check for their closed days before you drive out to Bryan's.
