4	We knew it was opening up-- we watched and waited for it to arrive, and finally it did!  a Thai restaurant in our neighborhood!  we were psyched to find out Papaya Thai had an excellent rep and following already from it's East Mesa location, and we were happy to try it-- open on Easter, yay!  the owners are very friendly and showed us around the place.  there is a raised platform in the middle of the restaurant that has cute little booths separated by curtains-- this could be great for a romantic evening-- there are also regular booths as well.  this was only the second day they have been open, we found out.  I am always a sucker for an aquarium, and they have a nice one.  Wife is a curry fan, ordered the Pa Nang and was very impressed.  Not for nothing did this place earn a "Best Curry in Phoenix" award.  I even loved it, and I don't NORMALLY get that excited about curry.  my exact quote upon trying the curry sauce was, "I could drink this stuff as a beverage!" I ordered Drunken Noodles, medium, which was great and the perfect amount of spice for me (they also serve Mild,  "Hot", and "Thai Hot").  also nice was the crab fried rice.  the Crab puffs were not that great, and seemed to have no crab in them.  I think the lady tried to tell us that, though, and we just didn't understand what she was saying.    we also got a free eggroll which was terrific.  Tom Yum soup was nice and cilantro-y.  We love this place, please patronize it!  I'm already planning my next meal!  They have weekday lunch specials and you can get food to go.
4	Solid, family type Thai spot with a good selection and fair prices.  If you like your Thai hot, Papaya makes that happen too, of course only on request.  Medium is warm, go mild if you're a little on the wimpy side.  There's not many better, and you can do a lot worse in Tempe.  There's a nice lunch special too during the week too - $5.99 I believe.
5	Damn.I've tried a few solid Thai restaurants in the valley and so far, Papaya Thai gives the rest of those places a spanking. I went here to celebrate my birthday with some family since I heard they had the "Best Curry in Phoenix" award. Well, according to all parties (including a very critical dad who thinks of himself as a foodie), this award was well deserved.Ze food: Let's just say this is the kind of food that after the first bite you look at your friends with a furrowed brow and no one really says anything for a few seconds. I ordered the Pumpkin Curry which had so many awesome flavors dancing together in my mouth I may have shed a happy tear or two. Everything we ordered was awesome, especially the Spicy Eggplant dish. I ordered mild-medium and it was just right for a kinda spicy-shy kid like me.The atmosphere: I could see this being a cute lil date spot for any of you adorable couples out there. It's very clean and well kept.The Staff: very friendly, helpful, and the cook actually came out to check on us-- even took a picture of the family for us. Prices: Very fair, they even have a $5.99 lunch special! woop woop:)Bottom line: GO. Teeee-rust me.
4	So far, this is my favorite Thai place to eat at in Tempe. They have really cheap lunch combos, unfortunately they don't give you the soup that is suppose to be included in the combo for take out.I have been there a few times, and have never had to wait to be seated. I have tried many things on their menu, and I have yet to complain about their food. So if you're ever in Tempe, and looking for a good Thai place, visit Papaya Thai.
5	I want to write a rather longer review to make up for many things lacking at this restaurant. Number one: People. I have never been here and seen more than 2 or 3 parties at the tables around me. Never. Friday lunchtime with the 5.95 lunch special. Saturday date nights. Nada. Number two: People. Again. It's that bad. Number three: Reviews. Though with mine I hope to inspire more of issues #1 and #2 and thus remedy #3. On to the review then. I know you've driven past this place. You've driven by and thought how very strange and dumpy looking the place was that sat next to the Dollar Store and Smart and Final and that dry cleaners (which by the way, is a great cheap dry cleaners, but that's for another review). And you  may have thought to stop but you didn't. Maybe you went to Ted's Hot Dogs instead. I'm afraid to say my friends, that this was a major mistake. Papaya Thai is my favorite Thai restaurant. Why? It combines the three necessaries for a wonderful Thai dining experience: great spicy food, cheap prices, and charming ambiance. Combine this with an exceptionally large menu which includes all manner of curry, seafood, duck, and other types of delicacies, you have yourself a winner. The service ranges from acceptable to fantastic though with only 2 or 3 groups all the time, it's a wonder they even manage to keep the one server. The Mango Curry is out of this world. It will make you weep with the delicate sweetness which stands so well next to the spice. Bamboo shoots radiate in the Green Curry which packs such a punch, even the die-hard spice fans will acquiesce to its power. Eggrolls, delicious. Soups, unusually good. Rice, as it should be. Deep-fried bananas, nummy.  I could go on and on but I won't. The bottom line is it's good. So, here's my request. Go there. Say to yourself, we'll try that crazy strange looking place just for the hell of it, like I did a few months ago, and revel in the goodness of a straight and simple ace of a Thai restaurant. Go there so I don't have to be one of the only parties in there during dinner time, and mostly so it doesn't close down for want of customers. For this I'll be forever grateful.
4	Pretty darn good and a great alternative to pizza or Chinese for delivery. We did wait forever for them to deliver though. The driver should get navigation. Still, it was worth the wait. We ordered Tom Yum soup with chicken - yummy and spicy with tons of chicken. Drunken Noodles with beef - yummy beef and thick noodles but could've used a little something in the sauce. Pineapple Curry with shrimp - rich spicy goodness with huge chunks of fresh pineapple. We will definitely try them again -  they have some unusual items like Pumpkin Curry on the menu. They also have great/cheap lunch specials.
4	I found Papaya Thai by looking around yelp for restaurants that deliver in Tempe.Our food came pretty fast - within 30 min.  And it was awesome...We had the Tom Yum soup with Chx to start, and it was probably my favorite part of the meal.  I also had the Green Curry with pork, which was also a very good curry, as good as i have had at other Thai places in town.  My boyfriend had the Pad Thai.  He liked it, but it was a little too sweet for me.  Plus, they forgot the peanuts.  I will keep this place on my regular rotation for deliveries.  The delivery guy had some very enthusiastic suggestions when I asked him what to order next time: Blue Sapphire Basil, Drunken Noodle, and Phad-See-Ew.
5	I love this place! The food is delicious, the service is friendly, and the portions are pretty large. I love the spring rolls, the curry, and the Pad Thai. It's a shame though, there's almost never anyone else here. It feels like a relatively classy place, with curtains and nice decorations. One night, the chef even came out and greeted the people at the tables to see if everyone was enjoying their food. I wish this place would get more business! Go there, they even deliver!
4	It's a little weird when you are the only people in a restaurant on a Saturday night. Weird and fun! Because in my mind I pretend that I'm the mob boss owner of the place who uses the restaurant as a front to launder money. That's just me. Back to reality: The food was delicious! The spring rolls were actual spring rolls (i.e not fried.) I tried something new, Orange Shrimp, which was served with crisp lettuce, a whole orange sliced in half, shredded carrots, and huge grilled shrimp, nothing greasy or fried. You can choose the spice level on a scale of 1-5 (five being hot) so I went with 2 which was actually pretty spicy, just the way I like it. The thai iced tea was refreshing and the server kept my water full. The chef (or owner?) came out to the table and thanked us for coming before we left. Prices are what you would expect, ranging from $8-$11 and the portion size was pretty generous. I'm going to go back this week for lunch.
2	I came in with an open mind, and Papaya Thai has very fair prices, but I would not come back here again. The Pad Thai was completely soaked in what tastes like Mae Ploy sweet chili sauce (http://is.gd/9UkrI) -- a good sauce but it completely ruined the Pad Thai. The yellow curry was a bit runny and just not impressive. The worst part was the mango smoothie -- super generic and didn't taste much like mangoes. The Thai Iced Tea, however, is great; but that's great most places. The ambiance was poor, too; there were specials chintzily painted on the windows
2	Lots of good reviews on here. I just didn't see it. The iced tea wasn't really that good, the rice was slightly overcooked and very sticky. The seafood pumpkin curry, I ordered it 4/5 hot and it was spicy enough I guess. The seafood was terrible. The shrimp weren't deveined and the mussels were bad: 2 of them were closed, 1 was decent, the other had a very distinct odor. The eggrolls and crab wontons were the best part of the meal. The eggrolls were perfectly rolled so they were probably frozen but they were good.
5	We live in the area and frequent Papaya Thai quite often. We love the food, the price is fair, the people are very nice and service is quick.I have 2 favorite dishes:Thai Fried Rice - I'm not a huge "fried rice" guy at other restaurants. But this isn't the typical fried rice you see at other restaurants. Maybe less eggie and greasy? It has it's own flavor and it great.  The dish is HUGE. We often share this and get an appetizer.Vegetable Thai Rama with Tofu - The peanut sauce is great and the tofu is firm. This is a normal sized dish, not as big as the Thai Fried Rice.The ambiance is extra fancy ; )  Big fan. The dramatic see-through curtains make the peanut sauce taste even better.
4	Weird that I'm the only one here right now, but yeh....Prices are more reasonable than most Thai reastaurants I've frequented in the greater Phoenix area. Ordered the pad Thai and Garlic lover chicken...
4	I've tried several different dishes here and they have all been delicious.  They have a wonderful samurai pad Thai which has tempura shrimp in it.  I have always gotten food here to go so I can't say much for their sit down service, but our order always is taken care of quickly and our food is ready to go without much delay.
4	The best Thai I have had has been in Kansas City, but I stumbled into Papaya Thai one day and was blown away by their Pad Thai!Pad Thai is, as seemingly simple as it is, a hard dish to get right. Not too firm and not to mushy...just like my women! ;) A good PT should roll onto your fork like spaghetti with very heavy sauce and not come up in clumps. I use chopsticks but it's the same principle.The Thai Spring Rolls were not the best I've ever had, so I have to take away a star for that and slap the chef.*Just received a message from another reviewer asking, or rather demanding, that I lower my rating as he only gave it one star in 2012. I suppose that the cook I had may have left or it changed owners. As this review was written in 2010, it is very possible that there was changes for the worst. Caviet emptor, I suppose.
1	So disappointed! My guy and I love Thai (rhymes, cool). We ordered the traditional Phad Thai with shrimp and the Ruby Red Curry with chicken. We picked it up and brought it home. The first thing I noticed was that there was no shrimp in the Phad Thai. We called and they said that we were not charged for shrimp...ok but I ordered shrimp and that is what I wanted. The worst part should have been the easiest. The white rice that accompanied the curry was beyond mushy. It didn't even look like rice. It completely ruined the entire dish for me. The curry flavor was OK but I could not get past the super mushy rice. Looks like the hunt for good Thai take out continues...
3	So I went here with a friend last night and it was ok. We got there at around 8 pm and there was no one in there. That was pretty creepy considering the restaurant is pretty big and it was just silent. On top of that, we waited for about 10 minutes to see any sign of life in the place, we were just about to leave when someone who looked like a customer (carrying take out boxes) came out and seated us. The service was better after this point, so that was good. I got the basil chicken and my friend got the authentic phad thai. My food was decent, the chicken was weirdly cut... almost like it was partially ground, but the flavor wasn't bad. My friend said his food was good and ate all of it, so that's a good sign. Anyway, I probably wouldn't go back.... but it was better than I expected when I first walked in. Just nothing super special.
4	My rating would be a 5 if it wasn't for the Tom Yum soup. The soup was good, but I've had better. However, their green curry and drunken noodles were outstanding! Spice level and consistency was perfect. They even stayed open late to let us finish our dinner! Fantastic!
4	I've been to Papaya Thai many times, but never remembered to write a review.  The food here is always worth the prices ($8-13 for basic entrees), but the service always seems lacking. Each time I've been there, it was during off-peak hours (later in the evening, or early in the afternoon), and it was usually just my table and no more than 1 or 2 others.  There always seems to be at least 3-4 servers walking around the front of the restaurant, but each time we were seated it took quite awhile before our drink orders were taken.  This wouldn't be quite so bad if the staff didn't tend to walk around in front of us, looking puzzled as to what they were supposed to do with us now that we had a table. On different visits I have ordered:  the egg roll appetizers, the crab roll appetizers, spring rolls, and the green curry.  My friends always order one of the other curries, so I've tried all of them.  They are all terrific, but my favorite is the green curry.  All of the appetizers I've had were also wonderful.  All servings have been generous, and the curries are all flavorful, and creamy, and when I order a curry dish, I never fail to fill up at the restaurant and still have enough to take home for 2 more meals.  Nice!As for the service, the last time I went there, I was joined by two friends. I ordered the spring rolls, and they shared a big bowl of one of the soups.  When our entrees came out, the server handed us our plates, but neglected to take away our empty appetizer/soup plates.  I even mentioned to him that we were done and they could be taken away.  Finally, I stacked them up myself, got his attention again, and asked him could he please do something with these since there's no room on the table for our entrees??  He apologized profusely, and got it cleared up.  But, since when should you have ask for servers to remove plates??I ordered for delivery from there since then.  I ordered green curry with pork, and spring rolls.  The food was delivered in a timely manner, but they sent put chicken in the curry instead of pork.  I've also ordered for take-out from there a few times  and never had a problem.On the other side of the coin, on my 3rd visit in there, it had been about 6 weeks since my previous visit, and the nice, sweet server lady there remembered my order exactly.  WOW!  Unbelievable!  It's such a nice touch when you're remembered.  Overall:  Don't go there looking for stellar service.  The staff is perfectly polite, never rude, but for the most part, just not on the ball.  Reasons to go:  Great prices, and great generous helpings of food.
3	Last night after developing a huge craving for Panang Chicken and browsing Yelp for a good place nearby, I decided to call Papaya. The guy who answered the phone said that due to a downed gas line in the area they couldn't operate, but their Mesa store would deliver to me for no extra charge since I couldn't come pick it up like I wanted to. I said this would be fine, placed my order, and the guy said it would be about 45 minutes. An hour and 15 minutes later the food still hadn't arrived, but I figured it was just because it was coming from Mesa. When it finally arrived, I was starving, so I opened the food immediately, only to find out that my Panang CHICKEN was nothing but sauce and a few carrots and bell peppers. On top of this, I had been charged a delivery fee when they said I wouldn't, and I was charged for chicken when I got none. I called back immediately to tell them my food did not have any chicken in it, but was only sauce and a couple vegetables. They informed me that they were very busy and would not be able to bring me another order that night, but I could call back the next day (today) and they would bring me another order. I was upset and hoped that for all the trouble the food was at least good. Well, it was. The panang sauce was very delicious and perfectly spicy. Although it was not made the way I ordered it, I could still tell that it was very good and I would definitely order it again. Today, I called back and they brought me a new order, this time of Spicy Eggplant with chicken since I had already had to eat the panang I ended up with last night and didn't want that again at this point. They were very nice about making it right, and they delivered it to me again at no charge and credited back the charge they made last night. Delivery took about an hour and 15 minutes again even though he had said 45 and this location is about a mile from where I live, so if you order delivery expect a bit of a wait. As for the Spicy Eggplant with chicken, it was REALLY delicious. The eggplant tasted like some of the best I've ever had, not mushy but not firm, and I finally got my chicken and yes, it was very good. SO in conclusion, the food is great but I hope that they are more organized when they aren't having technical difficulties. Probably won't have them deliver again but I would definitely order from here again. If there hadn't been all the problems I would give them 4 stars but the fact that I couldn't even get my order corrected that night was upsetting.
4	Went to Papaya Thai for the first time with some friends on a Saturday night. I say that because of one really weird thing that happened - we were the only customers in there the entire time! I don't think I've ever experienced that. Especially on a Saturday night. his does not bode well for Papaya Thai, which is too bad because the food was pretty good.I'm kind of a wimp when it comes to Thai food. I go mild all the way and sometimes even that can be too much. I decided to order veggies and chicken, (can't remember the name) mild, of course. The portion was large - lots of broccoli, carrots, bamboo shoots and potatoes (odd). There were too many onions for my taste but not a huge deal. The sauce was flavorful and even though I got mild there was still a bit of a kick. Mixed with some rice I was good to go. The leftovers reheated nicely the following night too.My friends got curry, much hotter and they were pleased with the heat factor.Overall we all really liked our food, the server was friendly and the place seemed clean. Hopefully they can drum up some business and stay open long enough for me to go back.
5	Their fried rice was amazing... I cannot stop thinking about it!!!
1	I had eaten here a couple times prior with a decent experience.  This last time it was horrible.  The place was dirty, the service was worse then ever.  They were decorating the tables with dirty used cans of some kind of energy drink.  I ordered iced tea to drink and I swear I got a swig of mold chunk.  I spit it out and then shoved bunches of altoids in my mouth.  I was almost crying as the taste in my mouth was so bad.  We promptly got up and left.  I will never ever return.  YUCK!
1	I ordered the phad thai medium with beef, and didn't like it. The "phad thai" is actually a tomato based noodle dish, and smelled like ketchup. Even though it didn't say anything about a tomato base on the menu! They switched it for me to "traditional phad thai," made with tamarind sauce, but it was really lacking the taste I associate with thai places I like. Bland. It didn't have much of a peanuty or fishy taste.Might try their curry if I go back, since it seems like people like that.Loud Music was, I assume, from Thailand. It was over the top poppy, and very loud. They even left it on for a long track that sounded like someone interviewing the band in thai. I'm all for authenticity, but the food was bland and the atmosphere was bizarre
5	Great food and service. Their Thai tea is very original and green, yellow curry and pad Thai is to die for.
4	Amazing food AND they deliver!
5	Awesome place! Called in and told them we would be heading over and we were running late and they held the restaurant open for us until we got there. Truly nice people and great management. I seriously recommend you go. Love their appetizers!
4	Very good food and service.
1	Seriously? I like my Thai food a lot, and this place was pretty much a joke. We decided to get a few appetizers and split an entree for lunch. The place was empty, for the exception of two dirty fish tanks.The Thai rolls were overcooked and greasy, served with a side of some ketchup/duck sauce mixture that was more ketchup than anything. They were placed nicely on some shredded lettuce that they probably got from the dollar store next door.Next was the vegetable tempura, again over cooked, over breaded and served on a bed of lettuce with that same ketchup sauce. Awesome.The next delightful failure was the tempura tofu, that was supposed to come with peanut sauce... but consistency remained as it was served over cooked, on a bed of lettuce with that damn ketchup sauce. We did remind our server about the peanut sauce, and she did rectify the situation. The peanut sauce was also watery and extremely lame.We shared the yellow curry with tofu. The best part about this dish is that it DID NOT come atop the lettuce with a side of ketchup sauce!The rice was a bit sticky, the curry sauce was missing something, I'm not quite sure what but it was missing something. The veggies were soft and over done, two of the four pieces of potato were undercooked. I guess I should look at that as a bonus.The server was fine, a little quiet but no problems with the service. She was just doing her job. With our "coupon" the total bill still seemed a bit high, not to mention the fact that they tax the predetermined tip with everything else.Stay far away...
1	Wow, this place was beyond a disappointment-- it really was horrible. The kind of horrible where all you can really focus on is getting out because you KNOW it's just so bad that there is nothing they can do to rectify it if you were to complain.  It was that bad. Someone else on here commented that the chef should cook for a school cafeteria, and I think that was being too kind and generous!We ordered a few appetizers and split an entree.  All three apps came with the same disgusting sauce which was obviously a bizarre mixture of ketchup and duck sauce. Totally gross.  They served this same sauce with the egg rolls, tempura vegetables (so terrible) and the tempura tofu, which on the menu said came with peanut sauce. Things were so bad that at one point we joked that maybe we were on candid camera, being pranked or something.  The entree was awful too, veggies were overcooked and soggy and even the darned white rice was overcooked and pasty. Unbelievable.I thought at least I wasn't paying full price because i was using a restaurant.com certificate, but this horrific lunch still cost us $25 after taking $10 off!!  What they don't put in the fine print is that you cannot order off the lunch menu for your certificate, even though it says can only be used at lunch, you have to order off their regular more expensive dinner menu. Great.  So then they also work in an 18% gratuity charge onto your total before computing the tax. So they include the tip in the taxable amount????    Crimity!  Yes, they did.Take my word for it, my husband and I have been to many, many Thai restaurants and this takes the prize for the absolute worst one ever. Anywhere else would be better.  Our fave still remains Yupha's or Wild Thaiger.We should have run the other direction when we arrived at 1pm to a totally empty place. I always try not to think that's a bad sign, but it always is....always!
2	I given this place three chances and they've struck out all three times.The food is mediocre as well as the service. The one thing I expect when I go to a restaurant is for my glass to stay full, especially when I'm the only customer dining in. I also had a voucher for the place that they made a big stink over. It's too much of a hassle for the quality of food. If you want better service and better food, go to Thai Basil instead.
5	I love their pumpkin curry the most.
2	the food there was ok...BUT the place was dirty!! the service was ok but it was sooo dirty also with the waiter's top and pants, YUCK!
1	We had a Groupon for this place and decided to try it out on a Sunday night, before we left for a trip to Thailand. We were lucky we were the second table in, because six or seven more tables walked in and there was one server, literally running, from table to table. Needless to say, the service was few and far between, and non-personable. The chile paste on the table looked like it had been there for weeks, seriously ewe. The crab puff and spring roll appetizers were greasy, and probably from Costco. For dinner we ordered curry with hot spice, drunken noodles with hot spice, pad Thai with medium spice, and chicken and broccoli with medium spice. NONE of our food came out with any spice in them??? Lame, who wants non spicy Thai food? So being unable to use the month old chile paste on the table. It was all bland, unimpressionable, and kinda gross. The curry tasted like chicken and veggies with coconut milk as a dressing. The drunken noodles was the same dish as the chicken broccoli, except one had rice and the other had noodles. And the pad Thai was pretty greasy as well. Oh, and I forgot we ordered wonton soup, and so did our server. After he brought it out when we were done with the meal, it was basically the same dish as the drunken noodles and chicken broccoli but it was in a bowl of hot water. Weird. And not appetizing at all.  We love Thai food and we were trying to eat a lot of it before our travels, and this was by far the worst place we've tried. Super disappointed in their lack of staff and how gross the food was. Sorry, but you should be better  prepared for a Groupon, those things sell. We will never go back.
1	Horrible place - worst service and the chicken on the dish I ordered had the texture of pig skin!  It was edible, with a lot of soy sauce.  I used a groupon and they essentially didn't want to take it.  The bill was wrong, but we paid the extra, just to get out of there.  If Groupon offered it for 95 cents off the dollar, I wouldn't go.
4	Cute little neighborhood Thai place.
1	Most incompetent people and the service is horrible.   Biggest disappointment, Run and dont look back.
1	Want some onions with your Thai food??? I mean seriously, I hope you really, really, really LIKE onions because apparently it's a "filler" for their entrees and a gratuitous one at that. I had a cold so I figured some spicy Tom Ka soup would clear up my head. I order that, my usual which is Pad Woon Sen with Beef and the Special Pumpkin Curry. The total was $32 before tip on the delivery which seemed really high for what I got. Let's start with the soup, the first thing I notice is that there aren't a lot of colors in the container when I take the lid off, just the milky white broth and about, no kidding, 2 whole sliced onions and a few shards of chicken and maybe 3 mushroom slices. This was basically a coconut soup with onions. Horrible. Next the Pad Woon Sen, it's clear bean thread noodles, usually with veggies, fried egg and sauteed meat. I ordered the beef but go the chicken. The noodles were glopped together in a solid mass. I know this is not just a facet of "delivery" because I order this dish from Swaddee Thai delivered all the time and it's not a solid glop of stuck together noodles. It was tasteless and filled with baby corn, again, a cheap canned filler. Lastly the special pumpkin curry. Apparently the only thing special about it is that it costs $10. It was the exact same color sauce as the Tom Ka soup, same flavor too. I dumped it all out in a big bowl and there were only a couple super thin slices of pumpkin, the rest was, you guessed it, white onions. What the heck is with the onions???? It also had green bell pepper that was cooked so much that it melted in your mouth and not in a "wow this is amazing" way but in a cooked to DEATH kind of way. The carrots in BOTH the pad woon sen and the no-pumpkin pumpkin curry were brown around the edges, disgusting. Overall, this was some of the worst Thai food I've ever had. All three dishes had the same lousy note. The quality was low, ie, overcooked veggies, brown veggies, non-existent main ingredients, etc. It was expensive and basically all got dumped down the garbage disposal. I would not recommend that anyone eat here. I'm sorry I lost $32 PLUS tip! Such a shame because there aren't a lot of Thai delivery places around here. Save your money, go to Swaddee, Thai Basil or Yupha's.
3	I will have to write a review based specifically on the last half dozen reviews which give this establishment a very poor rating.Believe me, I was nervous going in as I had just finished reading nothing but negative feedback.1) General appearance.This little stripmall joint has its own unique style with three saltwater tanks holding tropical fish, and a Koi and turtle pond.  All appeared and smelled clean.  The center of the restaurant is raised and individual booths are partitioned with white curtains.  It gives the place a more romantic and enchanting atmosphere.  Walls are decorated with the traditional Thai artwork.  I did note that there were two tables near ours that were not cleaned or cleared during our time there.  However, our booth and table were clean, our silverware polished and glasses free of spots or stains.  Our server also had a cleanly appearance in white clothes and apron.2)  Service.We were seated immediately, but no one came for our drink order for quite some time.  After drink orders were placed, it took about ten minutes until we received our beverages.  The Thai Iced Tea came after about 5-7 minutes, the Mango smoothie in about ten, and the two glasses of water we requested at the begin came after everything else.  We did not receive a place setting, such as napkins and silverware, but food was delivered within 15 minutes.  Server did stop at our table throughout our meal to make sure we had everything we needed.  He wasn't overly friendly, but I felt that was due to English not being his first language.  Considering there were only three other occupied tables, service was slow.  It appeared the entire restaurant had one server and one cook.  So, I have to be understanding.3)  Food.I love curry, and I ordered the Pumpkin curry, which had been recommended by other reviewers.  I am sensitive to spice so I ordered it mild.  Mild is exactly how it came to the table.  The curry was very flavorful and creamy, and I could taste the pumpkin.  It was very very delicious.  The chicken meat was white, tender, and plump.  The carrots were sweet and cooked to perfection.  It appeared the curry also had either a butternut squash or cuts of pumpkin meat.  I highly agree that there were way too many onions, I simply scooped them out.  In the future, I will order the dishes without onion.  Aside from that, temperature of the curry was perfect and I was very happy with it and the $9.95 price.Second item ordered was the Tom Kha (Coconut Soup) for $8.95.  With mushrooms and generous portions of white chicken breast meat cooked inThai spices, coconut milk, and lemongrass it was also delicious.  Only complaint I have about it is the massive amounts of onion - which literally comprised half the dish.  Again, will order without onions in the future.As I am not a fan of deep fried foods, especially those greasy egg rolls, I opted to stick with ordering what I know Thai restaurants do well.  Curry and soup.  I was not disappointed with either.I will be back for the pumpkin curry!!!!
2	I ordered through GrubHub and I paid dearly for the privilege. I had a Thai iced tea, the duck larb salad, and 3 salad rolls. The Thai iced tea did not disappoint me, it was sweet and tasty. However, the food was not really what I expected.The salad rolls were mediocre; at a Vietnamese restaurant I frequent, these are filled with lettuce, mint, cilantro, shrimp, pork, and have a delicious refreshing taste. However, when ordering these, the shrimp was optional ($2 extra) so I opted out. But what I received was basically just a mishmash of lettuce greens and shredded carrots. No peanut sauce was provided - not sure if this was by design, or an oversight of the delivery. Very overpriced at $5 for 3, based on their ingredients.The duck larb was also weird. I have not had larb many times, but when I first had it many moons ago, it was delicious ground beef with ground rice along with some nice herbs and spices in a delicious dish. This duck larb was pieces of admittedly delicious duck, in a greasy, watery brown sauce, with some cilantro and random veggies like tomatoes. No ground rice was apparent and I would really hesitate to call the end result larb at all. Also, I ordered it "medium" and it had no discernible spiciness that I could tell.Delivery was fast and efficient, but with my quibbles about the price and quality of the food, well, I might go back for one last-ditch try, but with all the bad reviews here on Yelp already, I am extremely reluctant to try anything else, and I will likely skip this in favor of more tasty delivery menus in my area.
1	what is this filth that i am eating?had it delivered ... but whoops!  forgot the rice.  how do you forget the rice?anyhow, the peanut sauce was deplorable ... it was literally the consistency of water, i could pour it down the drain - and did.the panang curry was the same -- more like soup and less like sauce.  this place is easily in the bottom 3 of thai places i have ever eaten at.
1	I had to pick up a bunch of things from Smart and Final today and I knew I wouldn't have any other time to stop for lunch so I walked into Papaya Thai to get a Pad Thai to go.It was about 11:45am when I walked in and there isn't a soul around; and even though it's pushing 100 degrees outside, somehow it's even hotter in here, plus somehow humid and musty on top of it.  If I was planning to eat in, I would have left right then and there.So I ring the bell they had on the counter (seems having no one up front is common) and a guy comes out and takes my order, the Pad Thai lunch special to go.  I go to Smart and Final and by the time I get my stuff loaded up, my lunch is ready and I leave.I didn't pay particular attention to what the lunch special included, but the only thing in the box beside the Pad Thai is a little sickly spring roll that was obviously bought premade frozen and fried off.  It was innocuous enough.The pad thai, however, was a different story.  For some reason, it was packed in a little tin foil pouch.  While I had asked for a 3.5 out of 5 on the heat scale, this was maybe a 2.  No lime, no real discernable flavor, not even a pair of chopsticks in the bag.  There was a little chicken in there and it was very tender but I suspect it is because of how thinly it is sliced rather than any cooking skill.Most disturbingly, there were these hard, unchewable, inedible pieces of something (egg shell?) throughout.Would never, ever go back.  Especially when Beaver Choice, an actual indie joint with some talent, is just on the other side of the center.
2	Papaya Thai raves their restaurant as "The Best Curry in the Valley!"  The curry was pretty good, but my main dish was the Thai Omelet.  The dish was okay, but it tasted like a chicken omelet with a bunch of soy sauce.  I didn't taste any distinguishable Thai spices.The service was kind of slow as it took forever for our drinks to be brought out.  I am not sure if it is because of the lack of staff or what, but drinks shouldn't take 10-15 minutes to come up.  At the very least, the server could have brought us some water. I have experienced much better, meh!
1	I am so sorry to give this place a 1. I had been a frequent visitor of Papaya Thai- it's close to me in Tempe, prices are reasonable, and the service has always been limited but very nice. This is a quiet place, usually not too busy, the gentleman who runs the front is a great multi-tasker and extremely nice. The last time I ate here though, everything was a disaster- the quality of the food was enough to make someone sick...literally. We ordered three dishes, two curries and the pineapple fried rice. The fried rice was drowned in oil and didn't have much of the yummy ingredients that usually makes this dish great. The curry dishes though- OMG! All of the ingredients, the mango, the potato, everything was rotten and had gone bad. The potato was turning black! I'd hate to think what the chicken looked like or smelled like before it was cooked. I will not, not ever, go back. I'm sad that I had this experience and hope no one else does. Hopefully they can turn this place around and get back to serving fresh food.
1	"No."  If you ask me about eating at Papaya Thai, that is what I will say. 0 stars for the single kinda scattered and scruffy staffperson.  0 stars for the cook who cannot prepare an offering from the menu as the menu describes it.In this case, I was down to two remaining untried Thai restaurants within quick reach of the Valley Metro Limo, and both in Tempe.  The other half was in Tampa, and since he does not care much for Thai, I get the chance to try one.  The limo arrived at Southern and Mill at 5:17 PM, and connected me with another limo at Broadway. With traffic, getting to McClintock took nearly 15 minutes.  On exiting the limo, 5:50 PM, I walked back about half a block to the restaurant.On entering the restaurant, I picked up a menu and rang the bell and a somewhat harried staff person came to greet me.  He asked me where I wanted to sit, at a table with 1 bench looking directly into the side of a huge fish tank...or the next table, which would leave no buffer between myself and the only other table seated in the restaurant.  There are at least 120 seats in this restaurant.  Why so fiercely contain people in the first three tables close to the door?  You must get your business in fits and hurries and keeping only the 3 tables active is working for you?  Then again, your telling me you are the only staffperson does not surprise me.  The Help Wanted sign on the door was more than an indication that Help is NEEDED!When I was seated, staffperson offered to bring water.  The phone rang and he was off, as he offered another version of "I am the only staffperson here..."  I looked at the menu and made my decision. In the menu, there is a $2 charge listed for sharing.  This goes against everything Thai I have ever known.  The traditional Thai meal has everyone enjoying some of each dish served.  Because of my proximity to the fish tank, I was quite up close and personal with the fish. The water probably isn't filthy, but the plexiglass tank is not helping the perception. 6 PM, as the cellphone chime reminds me of the passing of an hour.  I am waiting for water and a staffperson who can take my order. 6:01, the staffperson comes, bearing a pitcher of water and a (My eyes are rolling in opposite directions because I am either overworked or stoned) smile.  He filled up my glass and asked if I was ready to order.  I replied that I was and ordered Som Tom, the Thai name for the green papaya salad. Staffperson replied that he did not know the Thai names for the menu items.  The phone rang again.Staffperson's attention was no longer on me.  The phone, his Pavlovian stimuli, had taken him away.  I asked if he had heard me.  He replied that he needed to go answer the phone.  He asked if I minded waiting, as he was the only staffperson.  I said I would wait.  Off he went, in pursuit of electronic interaction.  6:10 PM, staffperson returns, apologizing for the telephone delay and asking about my order.  I ordered the papaya salad without the green beans and steamed rice on the side.  Staffperson took the order and went to the kitchen.  The phone rang as he left the table,  his pace quickening as he approached the phone.  6:18 PM, the door opens and 2 potential patrons enter.  The bell rings and staffperson rushes to the waitstand to greet 2 new patrons.  6:20 PM, staffperson returns. He brings the salad and a bowl of rice.  The salad that appears has some of the traditional salad ingredients along with ingredients that have no business being in the salad.  Som Tom does not have cucumber, shredded lettuce or cilantro.  On sending back the initial preparation, staffperson returned with the original preparation, advising the chef stated "This is a traditional Thai presentation of the dish".  I sent the order back, citing the inconsistencies and asking for a new presentation.6:25 pm.  As I empty my water glass, the salad I received previously is returned, minus the cucumber.  In asking staffperson if this is a new presentation or if it is an attempt to correct the original, he replied that he did not know.  I stood and left.  While the advertisement on the window of the establishment says they have "The Best Curry in the Valley",   they will get no second chance to prove it to me.  For all the phone activity, there was no one who came to pick up a carry-out order.  Between this and the somewhat glazed staffperson, I have to wonder if this place is not a front for a drug business.
2	From the menu they have on their website, this place looked pretty promising. However, it turned out to be a disappointment.We shared the Crab Wontons appetizer to start. The sauce that accompanied the wontons was gross and bland. The wontons themselves were also not good... The crispy part of them was really not that crispy, it was tough and seemed old/spoiled. Also, there was no crab meat in them like the menu had indicated. It was pretty much just like dipping cream cheese in weird sauce.My bf ordered the "Authentic Traditional Pad Thai" which is a different dish than the "Pad Thai" at this restaurant. When my boyfriend was ordering, he asked our waiter to explain the difference between the two before he made a decision. The server said that the "Authentic Traditional Pad Thai" was very similar to other Pad Thai dishes you would get at other Thai restaurants, whereas the "Pad Thai" was more of an "Americanized" version that had sweet and sour sauce? My boyfriend and I LOVE Thai restaurants and we've been to a lot so he ordered the "Authentic Traditional" version, thinking it would be like the ones we've ordered in the past. It was not. It came out and was soaking in sauce, very unlike every other Pad Thai dish we've ever ordered. We both tried it and it was clear they used half a bottle of fish sauce on the noodles which baffles me because Pad Thai never tastes fishy and it's never bathing in sauce? My boyfriend just ate it anyway and said he wouldn't have liked the other "Pad Thai" dish anyway because pad thai isn't usually made with sweet and sour sauce either... So we're both just confused with their pad thai dishes and the sauces they make them with.I got the Drunken Noodles entree and it was good. They ask you how spicy you'd like your food from level 1 to level 5. I ordered mine at level 4 and it was just a tad too spicy but that is not the restaurant's fault, I should have played it safe with a level 2 or 3. No complaints about my entree other than I needed a couple water refills to cool my mouth down.Overall, not the greatest experience. 2 out of 3 of the food items we ordered were severely lacking in quality and taste. I gave it 2 stars though because the service was good and we didn't have to wait long for our food at all. However, that could just be because there was only one other group in the entire restuarant. Probably wouldn't go back. Also, my boyfriend was really sick the next morning after we ate there. I think he threw up 5 times at least, so I'm not sure if he had a mild case of food poisoning from this place or what. If you want A+ Thai food, go to Mint Thai Cafe on Gilbert Rd. in between Guadalupe and Baseline. Been there a million times and the food is awesome.
2	Food was okay and service was WEIRD!! We had the most awkward server... It was embarrassing! However, the Tom yum was pretty good and so were the pumpkin and panang curries. We noticed that the rice is really sticky, probably because they used sticky rice instead of jasmine rice. Pretty strange for Thai food... But not bad with curry on top. We would come here again... but only with a groupon.
1	That was ridiculous. I paid $13.00 for a meal that consisted mainly of onions and carrots and orange flavored sauce that was so sweet it made my teeth hurt. Oh yeah, and 7 tiny shrimp (I counted). You should have seen how much chopped onion they gave me. What the hell am I going to do with 3 cups of chopped onion??? WHO EATS RAW &$#%ING ONIONS??!!!! All that was left was orange flavored carrots, gross. Thanks a lot @$$holes. It shouldn't have taken 30 minutes to make that either.There was NO ONE else in the place. There were some pond slider turtles in a tank that were probably taken from the park down the road and a GIGANTIC moray eel in another tank that just sat there breathing heavily. The place was dark, cheap artwork on the wall, quiet.. Not inviting, not friendly, not a happy place to be. Have you ever eaten at a place where the ONLY PERSON there is the server?? Just quiet and empty, no one around.... Its weird. I &$#%ing hated this place, I felt totally RIPPED OFF. Spent $13 and I'm still hungry. I thought about going back and dumping the sugary orange-flavored ONIONS and CARROTS into that stupid turtle tank. I hope you guys go out of business, this is the OPPOSITE of how you're supposed to run a restaurant. I'd love to see Gordon Ramsey storm in there and kick all your asses. *MIDDLE FINGER*
2	After having been here a few times, I would say most of the reviews were dead on. The waiter was a fill in from another of the chain restaurants. The poor guy was serving everyone (which wasn't that busy) running around cool headed, apologetic and super fast paced.  After "gonging" our announcement that we were there, a guy came to seat us about 10 or so minutes later. Sadly, we were told that he was the owner... Not too personable.  To be fair, they really never had great service in the few times I have been there. What keeps me infrequently coming back is their drunken noodles. They rock. We went also for the referral of the pumpkin curry entree. Both more than made up for the extremely slow service and normally unfriendly staff.Summary of the rest of the reviews... Fish tank and others looked really clean, though I have seen them horrible before. Bathroom was atrocious... Filthy and gross. Waiter gave me some napkins and sent a guy out to buy more . Walk to the bathroom was down a dark hallway, thankfully again the waiter helped out with that... Poor guy! He deserves to manage the place and a raise! Lol
1	Tried this place because there was an offer on Living Social.DO NOT EAT HERE!I ordered the Thai Beef salad, Tom Kha soup, and eggrolls.My Thai beef salad came as soaking wet, soggy, lettuce with beef that smelled like it had been sitting out for days. I attempted to eat the salad but could not bear to try the meat.Like another user had written, my soup came with 80% onions. It was disgusting. It tasted like straight up coconut milk.The only thing I found edible were the eggrolls, but they were your typical thai veggie eggrolls, nothing special.I would not recommend this place to anyone.
1	One of the worst dining experiences of my life.  We came in one night with a Groupon and I was very excited to try a new Thai restaurant considering my thai food experiences in Tempe, Gilbert, and Phoenix so far had been very very good.  Well I guess coming in with a Groupon makes you a criminal.  At least that's how we were treated.The tom yum soup we had was 99% liquid with not much in the way of substance.  It also did not taste like the tom yum soup I grew up with or have had at other restaurants.  It was "different" but not in a good way.My fiance and I are Asian, we may know a thing or two about Thai/Vietnamese/Cambodian/Chinese food.  Well apparently we don't because when we complained our papaya salad tasted like chemicals the owner relayed the message to our server that we could not substitute it for something else.  You read that right, the owner relayed the message to our server.  Not once did we get the pleasure of meeting the owner of this awful establishment.I don't even remember what we ordered as an entree; in my mind I was still in shock over what had transpired with the papaya salad.If I recall we even asked if we could order desert, no joke they refused to even let us order it.  Bear in min this was for cash money dollars over the value of the groupon.Suffice to say I have probably already told 20 people to avoid this place like the plague. This place really needs go out of business.
1	Came in to use a Groupon, really should have followed my gut and let the Groupon expire and reuse the money.The food was ok; too many onions in the Tom Kai soup, Phad Thai - ok.  The service makes you really wonder if this place wants to be in business.  I arrive and GONGED my arrival, several times, as per the signage.  After 5 minutes, wandered around and found a staff member back in the kitchen.  Was seated, only person in the restaurant.Looking at the menu tells the story, everything starts at about $9 - apps, soup, salad, noodles, entrees - and goes up from there.  This is a bit expensive for a restaurant in the back corner of a "Smart and Final" strip mall.Service was intrusive and confusing.  I was waited on by a server, mgr/owner, and the cook - nobody seemed to be able to communicate with the other.  As stated, I was the only one in the restaurant.  The fourth game of the World Series was on, Top of the first.  The mgr/owner changed it to a football game and left.  I requested it be put back to the baseball game, but the mgr/owner left with the controller.  "I HAVE CONTROL, I HAVE THE REMOTE!!"  After my server came by, stopped at the table, interrupted me mid-bite - pushing a shopping cart from Smart and Final (WTF), to tell me if I need a bathroom, they were in the back of the restaurant (WTF).  Decided it  was time to box up my meal and get the heck out of Dodge.Don't waste your time or money!!!
2	We were let down by the lack of meat in what were supposedly meat dishes. For nine bucks a pop, we expected more than three small bites of meat per plate. If we ordered only veggies, it would be have been fine. but we didnt.  We wont go back.
4	Once again I will be different from the crowd here, and no, I do not work at this restaurant. I purchased a coupon for about 40% off, without checking the reviews first. After I bought it, ($4 for $25 off) I checked the reviews and almost said forget it. Glad I didnt and went anyway. Four of us went and we voted and all gave 4 stars. We got the sampler appetiser, and Won Ton soup which was enough for the 4 of us. Excellent soup. My wife and son got curry and my other son got the rice noodle soup. I got the chicken basil. #5 in the spice catagory. Loved it. We all loved everything. The restaurant atmosphere was good, and did not notice anything dirty, but then we were there at night. My only complaint would be that the soda's tasted funny. I had a Dr Pepper, and it tasted like something else. But I would diffenately come back here again.
1	Ate at Papaya Thai in Tempe  awhile back, loved all the food. Tried the sister store in Mesa today . Thinking they changed owners this was not same quality of food we had before! Chicken Patay oily and peanut sauce a blob. Won Ton soup old and tasted like canned Chicken Soup, spicy Seafood should have been called Spicy Veggie for lack of clams, mussels and shrimp. Only good dish was Chow Mien chicken with special Papaya sauce . The server didn't get our drink order right but after asking twice for 2 diet cokes and hot tea we got 1 of each! It was not busy 2 other tables besides ours and food came out fast! Thus1 rating I wish we just passed this one up!
4	Enjoyed the Ginger Chicken -  fresh vegetables - amazing sauce.   The Thai Iced Tea looked generous and interesting.  Plan to return.  Prices reasonable for what you get.
5	Great authentic Thai food.  I had it delivered to the hotel I was checked into.  My food was still hot after it was delivered.  I had papaya salad with crab (you have to have a taste for it), house fried rice with shrimp, tom yum soup with shrimp, and Thai tea.  Everything was delicious.  I would order from this restaurant, again.
1	FOOD POISONING - My girlfriend and I ordered dinner from here last night and both woke up in the middle of the night with food poisoning and we're both still ill. We had the Masuman Curry with Halibut. I don't normally post (poor) reviews, but it's deserving after I've called PaPaYa Thai two times today (once early afternoon and once early evening) and the conversation went like this:Me: "Hello, is there a manager I can speak with?"Them: "The manager is not here"Me: "Do you know when the manager might be available?"Them: "I have no idea. Bye" (and they hung up the phone). Stay away from this place. I might change my review, if/'when they accept some responsibility.
5	I've been going to the different locations for years until one day I get the worst portions for take out ever. I understand that it was nearly 11pm when I ordered but that doesn't mean that the portions should suffer. I usually don't care to complain, but this wasn't like the Papaya Thai that I had grown to love. I called and spoke the  manager the next day and he was going to not only make me another meal ($33.00 value) but have it delivered immediately. Even knowing how the American customer can be, the manager was going to do what he could to make sure that I was pleased with the food as well as the service without making me feel as if I was merely trying to get something for free. Thai food with that much taste and at those prices keeps me going back for more while their service ensures a customer for life.
1	I am posting this becuase I ordered from another resturaunt who is owned by the same people, who decided to make and deliver my food from their other restuarant (Papaya Thai).So Like most of you on here I like to eat, and I know what I like.I ordered  one day and the food was wonderful.But..........Three days later I ordered the same thing except added an order of orange chicken for another guest.When we ordered we asked the gentleman who had an Asian accent if they even had orange chicken (which I thought would be weird), and without hesitation the man said "Yes". When the food arrived before I even took a bite, I knew something was not right.The shrimp fried rice was waaaaaaay over cooked like mush. I ordered extra shrimp which was non existent. The spring rolls I ordered had nothing in them but shredded lettuce and like 3-4 itty bitty pieces of julienne carrots.It was so obvious that this wasn't the same food I started wondering if somehow they delivered someone else's food, when I looked in the bag there was a menu from another restaurant called Papaya Thai.  When I saw that I completely freaked out and and called to ask what the hell was going on.I was advised that there is two restaurants one Thai and one Vietnamese, because I ordered an order of orange chicken my food was made at the Thai restaurant...NOT OK. You don't order or go to an establishment and order one thing and get something else.I was apologized to by who I assume was an owner and then told I would have 1 free meal......1, even though my order was completely botched and I spent over $50. It was late and after working 9 hours I didn't even care anymore so we threw the food away and we ordered something else for delivery.3 DAYS later.I have a brilliant idea to order again and give it another try...DUMMIE.My 2 orders of shrimp fried rice had 1 shrimp in only one box, my spring rolls were OK, but my shrimp fried rice had stuff in it that was never in the shrimp fried rice I had even ordered before (both times).This time my boyfriend called and complained and the owner said it was his own fault he messed up our order and that he would comp us two more meals next time we ordered.HELL NO.... We said no, and that we would even bring the food back for a full refund, there was no way we will ever eat here again ever, two free meal would be no use to us. The same gentleman advised us it was not necessary to bring the food back and that if we came in we would get our refund.So, when my boyfriend goes in there for our money the owner tries to give us $12.... Finally after saying he's not leaving until we get our money back they reluctantly gave us a refund..NEVER, EVER  ordering again. Buyer beware.I work in customer service worst experience ever. I refuse to eat or do business anywhere where my money is only appreciated as long as it stays in their pockets.Bottom line complete garbage.
1	I used to go to Papaya Thai every now and then. I always enjoyed their food, quantity and price. Other places in Tempe are good too, but a little more pricey for a little less quantity. Food is tasty here. But for the past year, every time I went in there, the service wasn't very good. The environment was dead and still the waiter wouldn't come to refill our drinks etc very often. I let that slip. I tried calling delivery a few times afterwards. They would say it will be there in 40-45 minutes (which is long anyway) but it would not come for at least an hour. One time, it took 1:35 minutes and the ice cream was slightly melted, food was slightly cold, and I was overcharged by 7-8 dollars when the bill should've only been around 20-21. So I complain to the delivery driver. He denies anything and tries to bribe me with a few dollars not to complain to the manager on the phone. I felt offended and that money didn't even cover me being overcharged. I called the manager and he did not help me much at all. He kept saying the menus on his website had old prices, and the stuff I ordered increased. And now there is no free delivery even though it says it on his menu. I got $2 refunded to me for all of this. Horrible service and management now. Never going there again.
4	Great food, great portions, and priced well, but the restaurant does have some quirks right now as it seems to be going through some transitions.First the quirks, papaya itself seems to be under construction so you have to eat inside saigon pho and the menu's oddly say "jasmine thai" on them so clearly this is a restaurant in transition. I had some communication issues with the waiter, and the manager was not much more help with the language barrier, but the staff are the friendliest. Now the good: food is great, sized to fill, and priced to please. The curry noodles were amazingly tasty! I usually enjoy pad thai, but this had me reconsider my new favorite Thai dish. The dishes are all aromatic and full of so much flavor.Another quirk is the spice. I have pretty Americanized taste buds, but to me the food even when ordered mild, "no spice" and repeated a few times came out spicy. Nothing overpowering, but do be prepared. The good news? The Thai tea works great against the spice and its flavor rocks. Atmosphere not the nicest, like I said I think this place is in transition, but sometimes I actually prefer a casual place to just eat and be filled with great tasting food.
3	Sometimes... It is good... Sometimes it is gross! Today.. I ordered Druken Noodles... It was under cooked :(
5	I just had satay chicken and panang curry with shrimp.  Delicious!!!! Awesome. And they deliver so triple awesome! I have ordered from them many times now and have yet to be disappointed!
1	I heard ownership changed...and since I was at the cleaners next door, my timing seemed right.  I have since been advised the ownership did not change, only the management.In entering the NEW front door for Papaya Thai, even though the Open sign is on, I see no one and hear no one.  I walked from the front door to the back but no luck.  I picked up the go menu and was just about to leave when I hear a voice.  Turning to my right, there is an entryway into the Pho restaurant next door.  I asked if the Thai restaurant is open and was advised it is, I would just have a seat at a table in the Pho restaurant.Between the 32 seats in the Thai restaurant and about 40 in the Pho place, plenty of seats.  I am the only customer in either one...about 3 PM on a Monday afternoon.  Decorations are subtle, everything appears clean. Hostess/waitress comes by with an order pad and asks what I would like.  I ordered Som Tom, no green beans or shrimp (not listed in the menu, but I have received one or the other too many times) and Thai hot, as it is listed on the menu how I should order.  Hostess did not know the Thai name for the papaya salad (she seems to be Chinese).  I pointed at papaya salad on the menu.  She wrote down my order and headed to the kitchen.I got out my cellphone and proceeded to update on the news of the world.  A couple minutes later, the waitress called from the kitchen door, asking what I would like to drink.  I requested water and was served water in a glass with a slice of lime in it.  About 10 minutes passed from order to delivery.A properly prepared Som Tom is made up of julienned green papaya, garlic, fresh tomato, palm sugar, thai rat chile, freshly squeezed lime juice and fish sauce. The salad that appeared has the traditional salad ingredients along with ingredients that have no business being in the salad.  Som Tom does not include cilantro.  This version had the green papaya, fresh tomato and fish sauce.  The chile looked to be red chile from Mexico (the seeds are bigger than thai rat chile) and the zing from the lime was not there.Portion size was admirable, 2 cups on a lettuce leaf.  Still not worth my time...
5	Ordered from Eat 24 Tempe, and it was a great experience. Guy took 20 minutes to delivery our food, not bad at all! Ordered the panang curry, yellow curry (thai hot) and the egg rolls. Everything was certainly up to par and was worth the little research. If you like Thai, I'm most sure you'll have a great experience at this place.
4	I sign up the account for writing this restaurant since I live nearby. With those negative reviews I still give it a shot. I found the food here wasn't as bad as I imagine, it's just like other Thai restaurant, even more they are generous in food portion. Clearly the business was affected by the negative reviews here,  but you should try yourself and you will understand sometimes you can't trust other people's opinions. I had pa nang curry, its taste was what I expect. I would like to try every dish on the menu.By the way, now they share the seats with Saigon pho, I'm not sure if the owner were the same person, but who cares? The food here is good.
1	Chose because I am not from area and they delivered to my hotel. Half way through my Yellow Curry (taste not remarkable but not really bad either) I found a big moldy patch on a bell pepper. Can't really tell you how the rest of the meal was because I lost my appetite.
4	Ordered the pad Thai noodles and was very happy! The atmosphere is cool too! Right when you walk in they have two fish tanks! Love how you can choose the level ofSpicyness! The layout is a little weird but the food is great!
4	Excellent curry!  After trying many Thai places in SD and now in PHX, this is our favorite Thai place.  Their curry is creamy and the spice is not too harsh.  You get enough curry in the take-out to have some for lunch the next day (sometimes dinner too).  Their Pad Thai is also very tasty.  However, he portions don't seem to be as large for that dish.Each time I have gone to Papaya Thai the service is great. A very nice and professional man brings us our food and talks to us about our day.  A fun place to go in the Tempe area!
1	This restaurant has everything you won't expect from a good thai restaurant. I am a fan of thai cuisine, but this restaurant has disappointed me big time. I thought to try this restaurant because I saw it on living social and thought it's a great deal, but it was not worth of time and money. I got an idea, when I saw that we were the only person eating at the restaurant at peak lunch time. Decor is very bad and food was bad and tasteless. I will highly discourage you to try this place if you are look for good thai food.
1	There are so many other Thai restaurants that have better everything! The spring rolls tasted like fried paper.The curry wasn't very flavorful and seemed watered down. Service was as friendly as rabid raccoons. Yep....never going back.
4	Small hole-in-the-wall place.To make this review short, food was great. Environment was pleasant. Service was a bit slow and confused. constantly felt like they were forgetting about you. Or sometimes straight up put you on the backburner.
2	The food is just not that great. I've ordered it three times now because they deliver and tried several dishes but all have lacked any flavor or spice, two things you look for specifically in Thai food. If you like bland noodles and chicken, then you can bet this is a place to eat. One redeeming dish was the wonton soup, I thought it wasn't bad. But you can get good wonton soup anywhere. With all the Thai options in Tempe and Phoenix, Papaya Thai just doesn't stand up to the competition.
4	They deliver, so we got delivery.  We found this joint via the Eat24 website.It wasn't a cheap meal, but it was pretty good.  Due to allergies, we specified in the order "no onions" for many of the dishes, and this condition was granted with no issue.Good curries and fried rices to be found here.  Both my wife and daughter liked the chicken satay and the Thai iced tea.  The order came to our door in about an hour, nice and hot.The best Thai we've had?  No, but this place is one that we'll keep in mind for delivery in the future if we are exhausted and neither want to cook nor go out.
1	We got a Groupon for this place, actually we got 2 ... huge mistake!The first my wife and I used and were not impressed with their food nor service, but we had a second so we gave them another try.The second experience was WAY worse.  It was a Friday evening and we took the kids.First, off we arrive and stand around waiting for about 15 minutes before being greeted.Second, the ambiance could have been good, nice tank with turtles giving a gentle waterfall sound.  Peaceful music playing setting a nice tone.  If it weren't for the TV showing some stupid game shows which completely drowned out the rest of the peaceful ambiance.Third, after placing our order we began to wait, and wait, and wait.  Over an hour we wait for our food.  Finally about the 90 minute mark our food comes out ... except its not our food!  There were 5 of us, and the food came out was for 2 people.  Oops!  Come to find out our order had not yet been sent to the kitchen.At this point we left.  Unbelievable!  I guess I'll have that groupon until it expires.  I guess they win that one, but they lose, over all.
1	GROSS!!!!!!
2	The restaurant was busy and seemed like it would be worth my while.. I was correct in one way.. the cashew chicken was great. My favorite dish, and the reason I went, I'd the green curry. I've eaten it thousands of times all over the world and haven't had one that lacked flavor the way this dish did. There was a slightly discernable curry flavor, but no where near what I expected and have come to know Thai curry dishes to taste like. Perhaps it was a simple oversight by the cook. Either way, I will not be returning.
1	I love Thai food, so on the day my husband and I moved into our home in Arizona, we thought it would be a good idea to get Thai delivered from Papaya Thai. Boy were we wrong! Papaya Thai was by far the WORST Thai food I've ever had. While my red curry was so-so, my husband's pad thai was so bland it tasted literally like nothing. We threw it away. The only thing we liked about this place was the Thai tea, but it wasn't anything special over every other Thai restaurant we've been to. To top it all off, it wasn't even cheap -- we spend $30 on this terrible meal!
1	The following are the thoughts my wife and I had from dinner @ Papaya Thai in Tempe.  Neither of us were impressed.  1) I ordered the Catfish Panang Curry at Papaya Thai.  The catfish did not taste fresh.  It tasted like it was sitting under heat lamps awaiting someone to order it.  The curry was way too light to be even called curry.  It had no taste.  2) My wife ordered the Tom Yum.  She said the broth tasted like someone just made the broth with some water and medicated oil (like putting Tiger Balm or menthol in hot water and calling it broth).  It did not taste like broth.  The seafood in the Tom Yum was so chewy (like it was totally overcooked).Also, this particular location is also the same as Saigon Pho.  They have the same kitchen serving both Vietnamese and Thai.  If you try to be everything to everybody, you do not do well in anything.  Either do Vietnamese only, or do Thai only.  Do not try to do both.  Also pare down the menu to what you do well, and what you do best.  The waitress was Vietnamese, as my wife, who is originally from Vietnam, picked up the language they were speaking in the back amongst themselves.  I will not write here what the comments they said in Vietnamese according to what my wife heard.  The comments were less then flattering of the patrons in the restaurant.  Judging from my comments you can pretty much guess that my wife and I will not come back.  We would rather spend our money elsewhere where the food is edible.  The only reason we went there was because of Groupon, and we wanted Thai.
1	I have eaten at one too many Thai places to know that this was by far the worst. They made the drunken noodles so bland that I am quite sure they perfected a new way to extract all the flavor out of the ingredients. Here is the best part - its not cheap. Do your self a favor and eat some cardboard with salt at home and you will be happier than eating at pa pa ya Thai.
1	Same as most other reviewers. Confused as we walked into the Thai door and see it is dark and empty. After making sure we were at the right place by picking up a to go menu, we ventured into the open pathway to the Pho restaurant. We were seated and handed Pho menus. I asked about the Thai restaurant and they handed us a Thai menu saying we could eat here.  Sunday, at noon.  Two other parties in the room. We order two iced teas, Drunken Noodle, Ruby Red curry and satay chicken.  About 5 min later, the chicken comes out but yet no drinks.  Ten more minutes later, food arrives with teas. The waiter sets down our food and begins to walk away when I have to remind him about our teas.  The food was medicore. Good taste and spice level (I got a 4 which was pretty hot). The Asian hostess was sitting down, playing on her iPad. My glass ran empty and I had to request a refill.  Another empty glass, another request for refill.  Finally I ask for a box.  When the waiter returned with the box I said we were ready for the check but he walks away mid sentence to welcome new customers.  As we get our check, we tell about the Groupon and they subtract the difference while sitting the check down on a table. 5 minutes pass before it is picked up by the lone waiter and rang out.  No "thank you" or "have a nice day" Terrible customer service, overpriced food for mediocre taste.  Did not feel appreciated as a customer.  I honestly do not see this business staying open much longer.  I will never be returning to this place.
1	This place is great... if you have no taste buds. First and last time going. Waitress was rude, cups and plates and spots on them, and worst of all was the food. Had pad thai and red chicken curry. All I can say is both dishes lacked flavor and had a "mushy" texture to them. Avoid this place at all costs unless your dead set on having a bad lunch/dinner.
3	Not a bad place for some cheap food. The staff, aside from maybe one waitress, speaks very little to no English. Which makes it kind of hard if you're a picky eater, Like some of my friends. More on the staff, they tend to take their time and the water doesn't stay filled (which to me, determines most of the tipping) but they're very nice.I believe this place to be a good place to have a bowl of pho. But it'd be more of a "plan b" for me. And it's the only pho place  close to home .
2	This place is right across the street from my work so I've eaten here maybe 6 or 7 times now. We've had it once or twice where it was really tasty but sadly today was the last straw. We've expressed our concerns a few times about our order not being the level of spicy that we requested. And I'm not talking about "oh this is not quite as spicy as I like".... I'm talking today we ordered spicy and there was not a single bit of heat at all. Not a chili flake in sight. A small child would have even told you there was no spice. The reason we were especially upset was that this same thing happened a few days prior and we let them know so we were pretty sure that they would get our order right this time. Also another time when our order got messed up, they straight up refused to fix it and just said "no. Sorry. Next time. Ok?"  Well we considered there not even being a next time. The lunch special price and portion are great but our order is wrong almost every single time. Bummer.
1	Ordered delivery. The crispy fried duck was soggy and tough as a tennis shoe. I was surprised that for $13 it didn't even come with a side of rice! I also received a cucumber salad that was more like a soup. Not only was it literally floating in liquid, but it was warm :/ If I was not so uncomfortable with confrontation, I'd demand my money back. This is not edible.
4	Great Thai flavors! I had the Authentic Traditional Phad Thai. Other location im Mesa closed early, so we came here. Same menu with many Thai originals. The Pineapple Ginger smoothie was awesome!
1	Never again.  Quoted 45min delivery, it took 2 hours.  I called 3 times and a lady who, for the most part, cannot speak English answers the phone and then puts you on hold for an English speaking employee.....each and every time.  Some of the food was ok.  The eggrolls are small and bland.  The papaya salad is dry.  The delivery guy was very apologetic... not only for the long delivery time, but also because he knows the people who run this place suck. Even though the lady told me the food was out the door after one hour it was somehow still hot when it arrive an hour after that.If you can't meet the delivery time you quote just explain why not, don't dick your customers around when they call wondering where their food is.
1	I love Thai food and my wife bought me a deal for this restaurant on living social.  I called in a to go lunch order of larb gai and mentioned the living social when ordering.  The lady taking the order told me rudely I could not use it for lunch.  I got the food to go anyway it was not bad.Tried to go  back to use the living social tonight.  Even though their website says open till 11 pm and the open sign was lit they had just closed a 9:35 pm.   The lady said we could not sit and eat.  My wife asked if we could take it to go and the waitress said yes for 18% more.  We also we could not use the living social. We left got a refund on the living social and went next door to saki bombers.
2	Took my Mom and BFF to lunch and we were so disappointed when the server came back to tell us there was NO duck today.  What?!  Today?  Or just at lunch time?  We placed our orders with pork, chicken, and beef then proceeded to ask our server if the restaurant was out of duck today or just at lunch.  It was really bugging me.  The menu shows duck as an option all over the place.  She said that we were the only people who ever ordered duck.  Ever?  Like, as in EVER ever?  She said yes.  Well, I knew that was a lie.  My BFF orders duck from this place on a regular basis, but that's at dinner.  So, I asked if she meant that duck wasn't available at lunch only.  She smiled and said she wasn't sure.  Poor thing.  The kitchen did her no favors by being so lazy.On a side note, a bazillion years ago my Mom taught us kiddos to check out the restrooms.  If they're clean, you know the kitchens are clean...  Eeewwww....  I was not pleased with the lady's room.  Paper was on the floor and it was smelly.  Thank goodness one of the soap dispensers worked.  Another eeewww, when I got back to the table - there was a fly hovering around.  Gross.Lunch orders consisted of Broccoli Delight with beef: bland, overcooked veggies;Pa-Nang curry with chicken: yummy, light on the chicken, overkill on the green peppers; and, Mango curry with pork, yummy, light on the porkTwo stars because I felt bad for our server and two of three dishes were yummy.  But don't forget what I said about the bathroom...  Scary.  We shan't be visiting this location anytime soon - more likely we'll give the family owned restaurant a second chance at the Mesa location.
5	Spring rolls and Pad Thai are amazing; portions are pretty generous as well.
1	Red curry tasted fishy and I was tofu. Service subpar and phone just kept ringing with one lady during lunch time. Much better options.
4	Excellent food, a very varied menu (you can choose from Thai or Vietnamese). My friend and  started off with the spicy lemongrass soup with chicken which was very flavorful. For entrees, I ordered the mango red curry with chicken whiich was to die for - The sauce was very rich and velvety. My friend had the red curry with chicken and she was very happy with her choice.Papaya Thai is a must try for Thai food lovers.
4	Absolutely amazing! It has been a while since I've returned but Papaya Thai has the best curry and Thai food in town! The portions have increased in size and the quality is to die for. Very authentic. The service is sub-par and the a/c could be cranked up a notch or two. Regardless best Thai food in town. I highly recommend the pad Thai and mango curry! The mango curry had the perfect hint of sweetness and I got mine medium heat. I don't recommend eating the mangos as they are more for flavoring of the entree.
2	The weirdest service I have ever received. I purchased a $13 for $24 Groupon and visited the location at 6:30PM on a Sunday evening. The restaurant has two doors - the left door says Thai and the right door says Vietnamese; they both go into the same place. There are two other couples in the restaurant out of 70 seats. We sit down, order our food. Food shows up, it's alright - nothing bad; then it all goes south.I proceed to ask the waiter, "I would like to order a Strawberry Boba." "A what?" "a Strawberry Boba" "I don't know what that is, let me go ask the other person."; very delayed response, I wasn't sure of what to make of the situation. Boba shows up, it's pretty watery and boba is barely in it. Whatever.I am telling a story to my partner a few minutes later and the waiter is filling up my water, then says "Wait - what the f--- are you talking about?" in reference to my story; I laugh, explain the story as best as I can. The check comes in, "Wait, you have a Groupon?" "Yeah" "Did you tell the waitress about it before ordering" "No? It's just a $13 for $24 Groupon" "I don't know how to do Groupons, one moment" and then the waitress comes out. The waitress tells me that because the check is totaled for $26.xx and the Groupon only covers $24.xx; I am to pay the rest, simple right? Except she will not accept a credit card because of the credit card fee charge. The waiter chimes in for a quite moment which the waitress fires back "Shut up, let him talk." in reference to me. She asks if I have cash, I say No and then proceeds to stare me down in regards what I am going to do for the remaining balance - I am not joking. I end up walking to the Bank of America ATM in the parking lot, withdrawing $20 and go pay the check. We walk out shortly afterwards, laughing.
3	Strengths: Tom Kha is very good, spicy. Mussaman curry is also excellent. Very flavorful. The FOOD here is very, very good!Weaknesses: got a bad health review, and I can see why--it is not very clean inside nor well-lit.Opportunities: Instead of making it 2 restaurants next to one another (which I assume share the same kitchen), why not just make a Thai and Vietnamese combo restaurant, open the room up, and just have a 2-part menu. Threats: the bad health review has put me off of this place until I see an updated grade that says otherwise.
3	I would NOT recommend the Vietnamese sandwiches at all form their Vietnamese component. They are soggy, and the superheated items in the sandwich (grilled onions and meat) made the bread sweaty and soggy and dampened the little bit of vegetables there were. The cilantro and chilis were to the point where they were almost steamed - they were soft, flimsy and and did not have a fresh taste. The "Vietnamese" iced coffee - well, shouldnt have been called vietnamese iced coffee. It was essentially just weak, standard coffee and regular milk.I should have known better, given the reviews. However, although I had a bad experience with delivery and in-house service, I can say that the Pad Thai (if you want flavor, order what they refer to as the "traditional authentic" version) and thai fried rice both were pretty decent. I would go back for those because the restaurant is so close. Im also thinking of trying the Pho, since pho is pretty hard to screw up.
1	I called before I bought the groupon to make sure they were open and I showed up and they were closed.  Never again.
4	The yellow chicken curry and shrimp pad Thai were great. Trying to order online was a bit of a hassle but over all they delivered rather quickly. Good to know it's right down the street too.
2	food is ok to good - place is dirty - understaffed - one benefit is that you can bring in Alcohol
1	Just ordered delivery off Grub Hub. I was so disappointed. I ordered my fav Thai dish, Pad See Ew but what I got was a bunch of vegetables, 4 pieces of chicken with about 10 thin mushy rice noodles (not wide flat noodles) and no sauce. It was like they forgot to flavor it. It was bizarre. I called to figure out what they gave me and they claimed it was fine and offered to drive back and pick up the old order and give me a new one. No thanks, I just got my money back after arguing with their manager. I'll never order from them again.
2	My gf and I had the Groupon for this place. It was mistake. Simple as that. The prices are slightly more expensive than normal. We ordered 3 items. The mango curry (3of 5 hot scale), larb (3of 5 hot scale), and crispy noodle (2of 5 hot scale). The crispy noodle were so spicy that my gf and I couldn't even eat it. We ask to be remade and the cook stated that we should have ordered less spicy. Note that we finished the mango curry and larb which is suppose to be hotter. Of course, I inquired about extra rice....which is additional cost. Lastly, knowing that I was quite upset, they try to give me coconut ice cream. It turns out to be vanilla ice cream. I think this restaurant needs improvement in their customer service. The food was decent. Decor is not pretty. Meh!
2	I've ordered delivery several times and until today it's been great.  Today my order was wrong, one of the dishes was supposed to be beef green curry, but instead we got chicken massaman. Two of the dishes were swimming in oil from boiling the coconut milk too long!  really disappointed.
1	We went here for lunch with a Groupon and won't go back.  A really dirty joint.  To begin with, I don't think A/C was running--just evap cooling...making a warm sticky place on a day when the temps were in the upper 90's and the dew point was 55.  The menu pages were all sticky and dirty.  A bunch of silverware is in a cup on the table with the handles down and eating surface up.  Who knows how many hands have touched what you are eating off of.   Napkins are tiny in a dispenser on the table--Weinerschnitzel has better napkins than this place. Waitress puts straws in drinks..but they have just come out of a box unwrapped.  Who wants her fingers all over what goes in your mouth.  Wait...it gets worse.  There was a bucket of water sitting near the "hostess station".  I watched the waitress wash her hands in it, dump water that was left in a customer's cup into it and then take a rag that was hanging on the side of the bucket and wipe off some tables.  The health department needs to shut this place down.
3	The food overall is decent, we usually go because we have a groupon and it's a good deal paying $13 for $24 worth of food, of course you can't use it for lunch specials and must order off the regular menu which is no issue for me. We started with Tom Yum soup which is probably one of my favorite Thai dishes we always get it with shrimp it was delish! The spice level was perfect I don't want it too hot but more of a medium spice .  the broth was flavorful and well seasoned with pieces of onions, tomato and mushrooms and the shrimp were not overcooked. We ordered a sampler plate which had chicken satay, spring rolls and a few other fried items and we enjoyed that and loved the sauces especially the peanut sauce which I must have With my spring rolls . The traditional Pad Thai was very good also very flavorful and quite a large portion to share . The only complaint I had is we ordered a dish of pineapple chicken and it was undercooked quite a bit, they took it back immediately no questions asked but that's always concerning when it's so under you can tell before even cutting into it, Overall I like eating here and have returned several times, service is ok although not out if this world but in general I don't really have many complaints. It is a small place and a little dingy looking but I don't really care about that if the food is good. We will definitely return.
2	The Tom kha is pretty good, panang curry was okay too but they are stingy on the meat and their tempura is more like fishstick breading, definitely not tempura. It was okay. Probably find a different place to eat next time.
1	This is a restaurant that has a lot of potential but right now is veryyyyyyy much missing the mark.  first if you're doing Thai you night want to commit to the theme.  I like football but if you want to be a sports bar be a sports bar.  if you want to be a thai restaurant maybe play some asian music?  now on the service.  my girlfriend was given a plate with a hair on it.  probably our waitress.  glad I caught it.  but you gotta be careful of that sort of thing.  only one waitress for the whole restaurant buuuut she only had 3 tables so no excuse for being swamped.  water tasted bad obviously from the tap.  had to ask for refill of thai tea.  took 10 minutes to come.  at the end of the meal.  also the waitress didnt buss a single plate the entire evening so by the end was pretty cluttered.  then comes the creepy buss boy wearing a jack daniels t shirt.  he says 'dont worry i actually do work here' who goes on to explain 'i get it all the time.'  wellllll have you tried maybe wearing a uniform?  trying to be professional?  or at least not creepy and in your face?  to be fair he WAS trying.  but i'd say its the waitresses' job to be friendly and whitty.  not the buss boy.  he could actually be a very good employee if properly trained.  but it seemed like he was the only one who was really trying.  an inattentive waitress.  an over the top buss boy.  another guy who helps with the drinks but when we ask for more rice says 'tell your waitress'  this place is all kinds of mismanaged.  clean up your over enthusiastic buss boy.  put a proper uniform on him and you could have yourself a good waiter.  BEAUTIFUL decorations complete with Buddha statue.  so like I said.  a lot of potential.  but confused on their identity.  and obviously lacking in leadership.  needs better service.  be fast on the drinks.  refills.  clear dishes as they empty dont let them just pile up.  and add some music and commit to your theme and you'll turn this confused experience into one of the cutest and authentic thai restaurants in tempe.
2	We had a groupon, and this was our first visit.  There were four of us on a Sunday night.  We were the only customers in the restaurant.  There was one waitress and she seemed very nice, though she had really odd timing.  We waited about 15 minutes to order, then another 15-20 minutes before our appetizer arrived.  We had shrimp in a blanket, which were tasty.  We had to ask for plates.  And actually, our entire meal, which included a soup, was eaten on the same small plates.  We needed to ask for bowls for the soup.  It was odd.  Our main courses were salmon in red curry, pumpkin curry with chicken, steamed mussels, and pad thai, all at a heat level of 3 (based on a scale of 5).  The heat was pretty true to the scale.  The mussels, salmon curry and pumpkin curry were great.  The pad thai was forgettable.  For dessert we had fried bananas which were really forgettable.I'll say this: for the most part, the food was really good!  But the service was just terrible.  One waitress, one table of customers, one would think it would be okay, but she was mostly absent.  At one point she brought out one of our dishes and was on her cell phone.  Instead of ending her call, she motioned for one of us to help her with the dish because she couldn't handle it with one hand.  We all just looked at her with confusion and she really seemed oblivious.We wondered if perhaps the service was so bad because it was a Sunday night, and maybe they just don't get a lot business.  So we may try to go back on a Friday night, or perhaps on a weekday for lunch.  The main course items really were very good, so for that reason we'd like to try again.  If they can stay open.
5	Yellow Curry is by far one of the best I've ever had anywhere and I've tried several different places throughout the valley. Service is tremendous, prices are reasonable, and they deliver. Try them out, I ensure you will be beyond satisfied.
3	Pad Thai was what I asked for but did not get my drink order right. Ordered a Thai iced coffee and received a Thai tea, which is gross, in any case. Did not contain peanut sauce in order either; just crushed peanuts.
1	We were looking for a different Thai place and came across this restaurant. We were at work and decided to order for delivery.  When I called to place the order,  I believe it was a cell phone because it went straight to a voice mail.  I called again and a man answered he sounded rushed and kind of annoyed that I was asking for delivery.  He took my order and said it will be there shortly.  50 minutes later I call him to ask if the food is on the way. He asked me what did you order again? So I tell him, he says oh yes my driver on his way 3 minutes ok thank you bye. He hangs up. Another 10 minutes go by and I almost called and canceled then the delivery girl walked in. 1 hour for our food and it wasn't even good. It lacked flavor, the spice was there but it was missing something. The papaya salad tasted horrible it was dry and maybe left out too long. The Larb was huge chunks of chicken an it should be minced chopped finely. Definitely one of the worst Thai places I have eaten. Will never eat here again.
1	My boyfriend and I just got delivery from this place. We are huge fans of Thai food. We have gone to several places in the valley and this was by far the worst. It tastes like it was made with the garbage of other Thai restaurants! I got my usual red curry with chicken and he ate the fusion noodles. We also had an order of their egg rolls. The egg roles were good. They tasted homemade. The red curry was terrible. The vegetables were mushy, the chicken was dry, sauce was flavorless and the rice tasted like powdered rice! His noodles weren't spicy even though he ordered double Thai hot and it tasted like old stir fry you make at home with your expiring vegetables (after you've run out of spices to flavor it). I think the concept is good. They have a few pumpkin dishes I haven't seen before and dishes that sound like they could be good if made elsewhere. Would not recommend.
2	I used to order Yellow Curry and Drunken Noodles from this place ALL the time because they were listed  on grubhub. All of a sudden one  day the food was disgusting. I tried ordering 2 more times with a couple weeks in between to see if that was just a fluke. It wasn't. This place is gross now.
5	The food here varies depending on who is cooking, but when it's good it's melt your fucking face good.
