4	Right now I feel spent.  I've been researching tires for days & it actually feels like weeks.  But the deal is done & I feel like I've gotten an excellent deal, a $60 BF Goodrich rebate, an education in tires & learned a whole new vocabulary.  Of course I've wasted tons of free time consuming tire literature,  reviews, and the like.  My salesman Matthew is an educated guy & he seems decent-- they do not make commission.  If you want to think about it, no pressure at all.
5	After purchasing my tires at big O tires, I had to wait till the next day to get them installed since they weren't in stock, I got a phone call saying that the sales person did something he shouldn't and the price is too low so we are going to have to charge you more for the tires, after I already paid for them.  So I took my receipt to discount tires and they were like we can match that price no problem.  They slapped four tires on my truck and off I went to get a refund at Big O.  Plus at discount I didn't have to fight off them from trying to align my truck, or put new breaks on, or change my shocks, etc.  They are just good honest people and everyone should just go to discount tire.
4	I noticed that the tires on my car were wearing thin, and since I'll be driving to L.A. next week with my gf in the passenger seat, I wanted to be sure the drive will be as safe as possible.The staff at Discount Tire was very personable.  I explained the situation to the guy behind the counter, and he understood that my girlfriend's safety was my top priority.  He even explained this to the guy in charge of changing the tires.  I felt like I was in caring hands.They had the tires I needed in stock, the wait was less than 45 minutes, and I feel like a got a really good deal on four brand new tires.  I recommend Discount Tire to anyone who needs tire repair or replacement.
5	I started my car this morning and noticed that my tire pressure light came on. I had my tire pressure checked fairly recently, so I figured that there was probably a nail or something else that was stuck in my tire. Being a new Las Vegas resident, I had no idea where I should take my car. I remember seeing a Toyota dealership that wasn't too far from where I lived, but I try to avoid the dealerships as much as possible. You know how that goes - long wait times, rude service advisors and they always try to rip off their customers one way or another. So I turned to Yelp for some help, and found that this Discount Tire was close to where I lived and had good reviews!As soon as I got there, Jeff helped me out and he was great! Sure enough, I did have a nail in one of my tires. He also pointed out to me that my tire tread was pretty bad and because the last time I changed all the tires was in 2008, I would need to buy new ones soon. But he didn't pressure me at all. He told me that if I didn't want to buy new tires today or even if I didn't want to buy it from them, that would be fine but he wanted me to keep in mind that they were worn out and I really would need to replace them soon to avoid bad things from happening. He was right though, so I asked him to show me what they had and how much it would cost. Being a woman, I thought that he would try to sell me something for a ridiculous amount of money. But to my surprise, he didn't. He recommended two different sets of tires, which were supposedly the top brands, and fully explained the difference between them. He also told me that if I wasn't interested in those, I could buy a standard (lower quality) brand, but also explained why he wouldn't recommend that.  However, no pressure at all, I couldn't believe it! I decided to go with the better brand along with their warranty, because let's face it, I'm a woman who does not know much about cars. A warranty that includes lifetime repairs, rotation, and balancing, sign me up!Jeff did give me a discount, but it still cost me $500. I figure buying a new set of tires will cost around that much anyway. Much better than going to the dealership at least, where they probably would have charged me $650+. Very fast service here, I only waited about 35 minutes. I'm really happy with everything. My car has a smoother ride as well! Definitely recommended, these guys are great!!
1	BTW, never got the tires here.  The tires came in but were old-- manufactured from more than a year ago.  I was displeased obviously so they got another set in that were a few months sooner but still almost a year old so I cancelled, got my deposit back, then went to Sam's Club!  I forgot to update from that time....
1	I've purchased from Discount Tire for over 10 years in Las Vegas and was stunned at this experience.They tried to charge me over $800 bucks for four tires when three of them were damaged and under warranty by Discount and/or the factory (heat rot and tread splitting) .  After a lot of probing questions and pushing the issue of the warranties my final bill was $500 which was still too much.  I felt like I was in a shell game, bait and switch and mis-information campaign the whole time.  I was slimed and will never go back and am telling everyone the same.  Bummer.
5	Dont go anywhere else but here!There is nothng worse than having to finally bite the bullet and put new tires on your car.  It is so unsatisfying it almost hurts.  If it was a few bucks then it would not be so bad but when you have to lay out hundreds of dollars that normally you just dont have lying around, it is painful.  I think everyone agrees.  I ran my tires to the point of being unsafe.  I did not have much choice I am economically challenged like so many of us these days and when you prioritize, tires does not hit the top of the list.  I finally blow a tire, no getting around it I have to go get 2 new ones.  The last time I changed two on this car it was $384 two years ago.  I am preparing for $450 to $500.  Oh lucky me I have high performance rims on my car.  (I bought it that way and did not really know that).  I have always done business at Discount Tire and recently moved here so I went to the 9061 Flamingo location to roll the dice.  Expecting the worst I got the best.  I met with MIke the assistant manager who was honest, helpful, and willing to listen and help me.  As it turns out, the other 3 were just as bad and eventually going to blow up too so I was in need of 4 new tires.  I had priced Tire Works, Big O and Sears and the cheapest one of them wanted $1100 to change all 4.  Mike at Discount got me into 4 new tires for 60% less than that.  The customer service by all 3 gentlemen that I interacted with was as good as any top hotel/restaurant.  Friendly and accomodating. I am not happy I had to lay out money I dont have right now but Discount Tire at 901 Flamingo made it not hurt so bad and my car does float on the road now.  I doubt you will find any place that is cheaper or more friendly so I urge you to go see Mike when you are in the tire market.
5	These guys could have easily told me I need two new front tires like Big-O would have done, but they simply said I have enough tread on my tires and could fix the bolt in my passenger front tire. They did it at no cost and were done with it in very short amount of time! It's service like this that keeps me going back to Discount Tire Co.
4	These guys rock! The service here is friendly, prompt, courteous and very knowledgeable. I was trying to set up a tire and wheel package for a street rod I built, with an increment of brake rotors I needed a +2 increment on the wheel, I had my eyes on a set of Victory wheels and Goodyear Eagle F1 .... They helped me figure out the correct offset and tire size and promptly ordered them ( I needed the set first before I changed the rotors ) In a couple of days they told me that the Eagles were back ordered so they offered to replace them with Michelin Pilots of similar rating and since they were $30 more each they gave them to me for the same price as the Eagle's that's service you cant find anywhere nowadays....Also, when I take my other car for air and or rotation they have done it for free.....that was unexpected...I just wish they had Nitrogen the only ones in town that have it its Ted Wiens....
4	Great service, friendly staff.  Matthew was Awesome!
4	My tire pressure light came on and I stopped by Discount Tire. They told me I needed new tires and gave me a couple of options to choose from. I knew they were going to be a pretty penny since these tires are huge compared to my other car. I called around other places doing my research and Discount Tires was the best deal for the tire quality and rating. Frank was the one who helped me out and instead of having to wait 4-5 days to get them in, he got them in 2 days. He was very helpful and friendly. I will be back to get my tires checked and rotated. Their service was fast and efficient so that I didn't have to wait long.
5	This is what five star service is really about. I first need to iterate that I've purchased tires from discount tires in the past and have always had great service.  But this time around i had opted to get tires from a friend as I only intended to keep my car for about another 6 months or so. About a week after getting my tires my low tire light came on. After checking the tires and finding nothing wrong I reset the indicator. Long story short a week later the indicator light came back on.   So I gave in and went to Discount.  And this is where I met Donny.I was immediately greeted.  First star.After I explained my situation Donny walked me over to my car.  He tested my air pressures and found them about the same.  He asked me if I wanted to pull into the garage or have him do it.  Second star.  Donny advised that he will check my tires and valves and will update me in a few moments.  Less than 10 minutes later - Donny was back for an update.  Third star.He advised that he checked everything and found nothing wrong.  I hate hearing that but he then showed me what my tire pressures should be and that he adjusted them all to the correct pressure.  There was no charge.  Fourth star.Donny then told me that if I continued to have a problem to bring it back and he would personally take care of it.  WOW.  Five stars.Fortunately I haven't had a problem since but I know where I will go if I do.
1	Definitely would not recommend going to this dishonest and shady location.Something punctured my tire on my way back from California. Luckily I ran into guys who had a kit to cotton plug it. It didn't last. Air started to leak out of the tire slowly. It was a fairly new tire, so I went to Discount Tire in hopes that they could patch it up. I talked to Matthew. He seemed like a nice guy. He said he'll check my tire out, see if they could patch it up for free, but if not, one tire would be $130, and if I wanted two it was $260, both with warranty. "But", he says, "we'll cross that bridge when we get there". I asked how long it would take to check it out and he said half an hour.I sat patiently for an hour and a half before my car was outside and ready to go. Anthony checked me out and explained that they swapped two tires out, rotated them, and the total was $260. Pressured, I paid the full amount. Angry with what just happened, I called back asking to talk to the manager, discovering it was Matthew. I told him I was upset that I wasn't notified of all the work that was being done to my car and that I never agreed to purchasing one, or even two, brand new tires. He said I could come back and they would gladly give me the refund for the one tire. I went back an hour later and asked for a full refund. He said that he could not give my tire back to me because it was unusable. I still wanted my tires and refund. He negotiated with me and said he'd give me $100 back in cash, I can keep both tires with warranty, and they weren't going to document anything.
4	Quite a few people here when I checked in, which is comforting, because that means people must like this store. I came in because I had a nail in my tire and I got it fixed, an update on my tire condition, and a price quote for a few different tire choices. I did not wait more than a minute before a customer service rep asked me if I needed any help. I was told it would be 30 minutes for them to get my car on a lift. Having worked in the auto service industry before I understand how timing can get a little pushed back at a busy shop so it was no bother for me.I got a tire fixed and left knowing the condition of my tires and with a good price quote. Overall I had a good experience here and will most likely be back for future service.
5	I came to Las Vegas for a convention from Canada and I had a flat tire. I needed to fix the tire before returning the car to the Rental Agency and found this place on Yelp. The service was excellent and on top of they didn't charge for the service. Great people, I can't thank them enough for their help. A place to keep in mind if you are from out town in an emergency
5	Excellent place to do business with. You can price your own tires online before you go. I had a TPS sensor go out and they fixed it in 20 mins. I am a fan!
5	We were greeted right as we walked in the door (we didn't even make it all the way up to the counter) The gentlemen walked to the car with us to look at the nail in the tire.  They took the car in immediately and unfortunately it wasn't repairable but that's ok it wasn't their fault or anything.  We bought a new set of tires and were in/out of there in about 30 min.  I'd DEFINITELY go back for their service, speed and prices.
5	I've been coming to Discount Tire since I moved to Las Vegas almost 10 years ago now. I have never not been greeted with a smile or ever felt like any of the employees wouldn't go out of their way for me. Like always, life happens and it's never fun to deal with car troubles. Through every single popped tired or deflated tire and even the occasional nail, I've been helped without ever feeling stressed.My family and I always come to Discount Tire and receive quality care. We have had to replace tires when tread became low and they honestly told us the situation. We have always gotten great deals on the tires and were never shortchanged for any reason. The beauty is I've never been there all day long for something simple.Buying your tires through them allows you to come and get a Tire Rotation for free every single time. When it's busy, they tell you the time you'd expect to wait and can even take your number for when everything is done. All in all, this location is the one my family comes to for all our tire needs. When we needed to get a realignment, they referred us to a local shop that could do it at a discounted price. We've been treated like family since we've been coming here and I'd recommend this place above all.
5	What a nice staff!! Greeted even before entering the front door. Fast service! Comfortable waiting area too.
4	Best tire prices.  Fast and Friendly staff.
3	Quick and easy.I knew I had a nail in my tire and it just needed to be patched up. Yeah, my roomies are that douches. Haha.Went here on a Saturday morning. Wasn't busy. Greeted right away by Jeff. Or was it Kyle? Wait, I think it was George. Whatever.Well, I think I've been asked about 3 times while I was here...would you like to put new rims on you car. NO!!! It was fun hanging out here for about 30 minutes reading dude magazines.
1	Poor customer service. Wouldn't patch my tire, BUT the Lake Mead location did !Shame on you
5	Made an appointment online for the following morning, very easy to make the reservation and an easy way of ensuring the tires that I wanted were there and felt more in control of choosing the tires b onwhat I could afford and see what my money was buying. I did shop around and they were also the cheapest. When I got there the next afternoon the rep was walking out to my car before I was able to get to the front and knew exactly who I was based on the vehicle, which I dont think I have ever experienced, in any industry. They were very friendly and effecient. I got pre occupied and lost track of time, they called 15 minutes before closing and wasnt close by and they were very nice about staying open until I got there, which I really appreciate. Great service will continue to buy our tires
5	I've been to about 4 different locations in Las Vegas (I move around a lot) and every single experience with Discount Tires has been amazing! From their prices to their customer service, they've never made me feel like I was being hussled or talked into something I didn't need or want. They explain everything in detail that is going to happen in the process. I've used their lifetime free rotation when I bought four tires and every time they make me feel like I'm someone special not just some freeloader dropping by to use a free service. These guys are amazing! Plain and simple.
5	Went in on a Saturday and it was packed. They repaired my tire in 30 min. they remover a large nail handed me my keys thanked me for my business and told me it was free.
5	This place does free flat repair free tire rotation will price match to make sure they're the lowest price in town great customer service
5	Arrived at 8am sat am to an already busy lobby, and greeted w a good morning and a handshake.  Been a customer for over 12 years and never had anything to complain about but this current team is doing a great job.
1	Previously seemed honest and not overcharging for 2 other vehicles. Exact opposite this time. Brought in Bmw only 1 yr old and only 11k miles on unworn tires with 1 flat when they said they could replace tire $100 cheaper than dealer. Got there and they said other tires too worn, hard miles.  That I needed all 4 replaced $1100. Tried to explain the physics of the miniscule difference in tread wear between new and old. They then refused to sell me one tire alone -- policy for safety and performance in an all wheel drive. Went to BMW. They sold me one tire. They said car is only 1 yr old, only 11k miles, tires hardly worn. No performance issues. No safety issues. And even if one tire was worn would only make me replace 2 of the 4. Discount tires tried to rip me off. So glad I walked out.
5	These guys are nice, efficient, and FAST!I picked out the tires I wanted online with an out the door price. Went in on a busy Saturday afternoon thinking I would have to order the tires and come back later for install. They had my tires in stock and I only waited about 45 min. for install. This was the BEST tire buying experience I have had. GO HERE and NOT SEARS for tires. I will be bringing my tire needs here from now on and forever!Thanks Discount Tire!
4	Definitely recommended to anyone looking for any services about car tires. Fast and friendly service as soon as you arrive, they also explain what your tire problems and solutions thoroughly and they give options too especially if you are on a budget. I am glad I was referred to this place!
5	These guys are great. The staff is efficient and friendly. I pulled in late Friday afternoon with a nail in my tire. I was told the wait would be about one hour as they were quite busy( the place was full but they were getting to all of the customers quickly).  My tire was repaired in about 45 min. When I tried to pay they told me there was NO CHARGE. I politely explained that I did not purchase the tire from them so I had no warranty with them. Still, NO CHARGE. Last time I had a nail in a tire and went to a chain repair shop the cost was about 20$. I will definitely be back.
3	My tire was not holding air, a slow leak not going flat so I brought it in to have it patched. I asked for a estimated time since I left work to have this leak taken care of. I was told 35 minutes. It's been an hour!!  I don't mind waiting if you don't lie and give me an honest time assessment. These was a nail in my tire and they just plugged it. We have been long time customers of Discount Tire and will continue to be.
5	Every time I come here its nothing but the best service. This place may be busy and there may be a wait, but that is because this place is so worth it. I come here for anything involving tires. New tires, rotating and balancing, free fix a flats. Everyone here is professional. The waiting area is comfortable with free bottled water. The store is just a short walk to some good eats. Time estimates are usually correct, but don't plan your day around it.  Its better to drop it off and get lunch or a ride from a friend somewhere else. Still though, this is the location to go to. This is the place for tires!Been going here for over EIGHT years now.  Just stop your researching and drive here already. :)
5	This has to be the best and most friendliest tire shop ever. We also visited their sister store in California and had the same results. We highly recommend this store and chain.
4	I look down at my tires, and notice that the only thing between my car and the road is 1/4 inch of rubber. My tires were on their last mile, literally. While driving to work in the morning, I noticed that I was hearing some kind of "tap-dancing" sound from my rear tire. Damn - there was this huge nail embedded in the tire. Ok, it's a sign - might as well buy a new set now before I get stuck somewhere in the desert having to put on a spare tire in 110 degree weather. Saw a lot of good reviews for Discount Tire, and it's close by. I called to set up an appointment, so I wouldn't have to wait too long. When I got there, I noticed that there were only a few customers inside. "Cool", I thought. This should be quick. Here's a tip: don't come here on a Friday afternoon on payday, because everybody and their mother will come here to buy new tires after depositing their checks! Where did all these people come from? What was supposed to take 35 minutes, took an hour and a half! Not Discount Tire's fault though. It seemed like everybody took off early from work to enjoy the Labor Day weekend.After leaving the store, went to go pick up my wife. She then asked me why the back tires look so small. Sure enough, it was the wrong size tire. My car requires a staggered set up since my rear wheels are a couple of inches wider than the front. I brought it back the next day and told them they put the wrong tires on. Unfortunately, they had to special order the tire, and it would be a week. Well, in the mean time, at least my rear tires weren't bald. Got a call from Ryan about 3 days later telling me that the tires had arrived. Dropped off the car and was out of there within 15 minutes. A few weeks later, got a $75 Visa gift card as a rebate for the tires! Ryan made good on their mistake and this customer left happy! I would gladly come back here to get tires for my other cars.
4	Great service at the location. Super friendly as well! Helpful beyond what I had expected too :) I'm glad that I came here for new Nitto tires! They don't look bad and as suggested will easily hold the weight of my SUV...
5	Ask for Chris. Even though it was busy, we still received excellent customer service!
5	Of course the stress of having a tire blow out, waiting for roadside assistance, and being late to work as a result cannot be put into words. Luckily, that was where my stress ended. After looking on line, I came to this discount tire later in the day to find a friendly and extremely helpful staff. I observed their interactions not just with me but with every customer and noticed they went above and beyond to make sure each and every one was happy.  They were personable and really put me at ease. I also never felt like a sale was trying to be made but that they were really offering suggestions based on my usage and not the price. Jeff was very honest helpful, and personable. Wes and Ryan were really great with their customers as well. To top it off they had me in and out quickly. I would definitely recommend this location.
5	Had a nail in my tire they fixed it no charge and offered a warranty, very happy. Will never go to the dealership again!
5	I will never go to another tire store for as long as Discount Tire is in business.  It's funny that I actually get excited to come to a tire store.  I've been to multiple locations, as well as their sister company America's Tire in California and have always received the best customer service across the board.  If anything goes wrong in the duration of the tire, they fix the problem.  It's pretty crazy to not have come in contact with any member of the staff that wasn't helpful or kind.  That is so rare and hard to do for a business.  That's why I'm taking the time to write this review because I truly believe they deserve all the business they can get! I will be a faithful Discount Tire customer for all my cars.
5	Great store, Great people.  They give A+ service all the time.  I will continue to use Discount Tire for all my vehicle tire needs.
5	Very nice company, we drove over a screw with out vehicle, and it was stuck in the tire We read the reviews on Yelp and rushed there minutes before closing, they happily fixed our tire for free , and within a half hour we were in and out!Thank you very much Discount Tire!
4	Looked a little busy but they got me in fast for a FREE tire air check! Our auto-mechanic was Alex and he was very knowledgable, helpful, and most importantly friendly. Great service! Quick and easy. He got a nice tip. :)
5	This place is awesome. Very customer friendly and a good atmosphere. Free wifi and complementary water. I was taken care of right away with no Hassel. The manager Rich Knitowski gave me a great deal and saved me money. Buy tires here!
5	My dad used to take care of my tires and car related stuff for me. Since he moved away it's up to me. I went to the place he told me to go to. He's always gotten my tires here. I just got all 4 tires replaced for $895 and there's a rebate for $70 and a yelp review discount for $25 that they gave to me right away no problem. All of the employees are helpful as well as friendly. Seems they enjoy their job. The place seems busy but they handle everyone really well. Thanks disc. Tire!
5	Overall I had a great experience at discount tire! I was just picking up a couple of tires for my car, it ended up at 175 including warranty on the tires, 16 dollar installation, and tax. A bit more than I was intending since the tires were 52 a piece, but I don't replace tires often so it's not a huge deal!The service at this place was incredible. Ryan was the guy that helped me, and from start to finish he was professional and really friendly. Starting up conversation and seeming genuinely interested. Good customer service.  I was told it would take about an hour, so I sat down to read. In what felt like 15 minutes another guy came in and called my name... I assumed there was an issue with my car or something, so i walked outside and he said here are your keys, got the two tires installed and you're good to go! Wow!Will definitely return here next time I need some tires
5	This is the second time I visit this place, they treat me well and I like that I am treated with respect and not taken advantage of because I'm a female and don't know much about tires at all. They fixed my flat tire and changed the spare with it as well, for FREE! The guy was also nice enough to put it away for me as well. I am definitely purchasing my tires there from now on, they deserve my business.
5	Great customer service.  Always get you in and out as quickly as possible.   Employees are on top of issues and polite.
5	I will never go to a different company for anything relating to my tires/wheels.  I have been to several locations and each place has been overwhelmingly inviting, friendly and cordial.  I have never had a bad experience and I am very picky when it comes to customer service.  You wouldn't expect a garage full of young dudes to be so polite and nice but every location is full of them and it's a pleasure to deal with them.  They never try to scam you, they always show you exactly what's going on, they fix flats for free (make sure you tip like a decent human!) and they try to save you money and give you options on different tires/wheels.  Great great company.
5	Got a great deal on my tires. They didn't try to upsell and helped me decide the best tires for my needs. Even when the budget didn't matter, they didn't simply pick the easiest to find or most expensive tire. The staff was top notch and very willing to help, answer questions, and worked quickly getting my truck back as soon as possible.
5	Excellent service and quick! Got me right in and out within 30 minutes! They were so helpful and didn't try and sell me some expensive tires I didn't need. I highly  recommend coming to this location when you need new tires!
5	Service is awesome! Came in just to get my tires checked and the technician assisted me immediately. He was very helpful and friendly. Customer service like this makes me value a company's worth.
5	Love these guys & have been coming here for years. I've bought tires from them and their prices and warranties are excellent. The last time I had a nail in my tire they patched it for free. They also checked the air in the tires and reset the computer no charge. Also, they're always friendly and polite. Wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	Went in for new set of tires, was looking for Michelin but they hooked me up with Continentals slightly cheaper and same exact rating including warranty. I was pressed for time as I had only stopped by to check on availability but they convinced me to get them installed so I did. They got the car in and out really fast and installed my freshly powdercoated steelies with care. This is my favorite store in Vegas for a long time now. I recommend it.
