5	Friends at work helped me tune in to Which Wich's opening.  If you like Potbelly's you're gonna love Which Wich.  They do the conveyor belt sandwich toasting machine thingy and the bread is very similar.  They won me over with the crazy variety of sandwich options.  I love their muffaletta olive topping and their honey mustard.  Can't wait to try something else!They're at the south east corner of Park & Woodlawn, above Jason's Deli, on the upper level row of shops.
4	3.5 - 4 stars for me...rounding up for the really friendly service...The new Which Wich opened a few weeks ago and ever since I heard it compared to Potbelly's I was on a mission to get there. I love, LOVE, me some Potbelly's so I was hoping Which Wich would provide the same access to tasty sammies and sides.When hubs and I first walked in we were greeted by happy, smiley people, a super clean establishment and a really cool ordering system. Which Wich has an array of pre-stamped paper bags which you are to mark your sandwich type and toppings. All 'wiches are toasted, btw. I chose the turkey on wheat with pesto, avocado, tomato, lettuce and mozzarella. Now, my sandwich was good but not great and it's mostly my fault. I probably shouldn't have gone with the pesto as it was a little too overwhelming with the dainty turkey. I tried hubs' beef cheesteak and it was really, really good. I may get that next time around. I, like Jason L, was blown away by the myriad of options here. Next time I'll be my careful choosing my toppings for my 'wich of choice!BTW - they also serve breakfast sandwiches all day!
4	Which place to go eat? Which Wich!Which meat do you want?Which toppings?Which sides?Which bread?Which condiments?All those questions apply when ordering at Which Wich. Small restaurant with an order area and pick up area. You start out by going to the wall of bags and choosing your sandwich. Literally...50+ sandwiches offered all for $5.25 (no side/drink). On my recent visit I went with the beefsteak and added as many toppings as I thought were necessary and good. Keep in mind, any fault here is most likely on you for building such a sandwich.Mine was good, and I made it as "philly" as I could. I did an OK job, but the flavor was good. Also ordered the "hot cookie", which was a nice finish. You've got to check it out. Good place to stop for a quick bite to eat before a movie at Park Terrace across the street.
4	The bread is good.  The meats are good, although double meat is reccommended, especially for the Wicked.  Good deal and much better than the alternative spots.
5	Probably one of the best sandwich places we have been to!  Awesome idea with the bags...not too hard to figure out if it is your first time.  The ingredients were fresh and it was great till the last bite!  Definitely coming back here for a fun date-night or lunch stop.
4	I'll admit I was a little confused about how to order when I first walked in the door, but after staring at the menu board for about 5 minutes I had it all figured out.  I was impressed by the large number of sandwich options.  There are a ton of meats to choose from and even a decent sized vegetarian menu.  And all the sandwiches come with a seemingly endless amount of topping choices that are already included in the price (there are a few toppings that cost extra like avocado and bacon).  I really wanted to try the peanut butter, honey, and banana sandwich but the buffalo chicken was calling my name too.  I ended up with the buffalo chicken and I was not disappointed!  Everything about the sandwich was delicious from the yummy toasted wheat bread to the perfect amount of meat and toppings.  This might be one of my new favorite sandwich places.  I didn't try any sides but they have chips, cookies, and milk shakes available as well.The atmosphere is kind of cold and boring with little to no decor and silver chairs with silver-topped tables, but their indoor space is really small and I don't know what else they could do with it.Just a couple other notes...  The ice machine spits out little pieces of round crushed ice.  While this isn't a huge deal for me the hubby goes crazy over this stuff because he likes to eat it after finishing his drink.  I liked that they have one of those Gold Peak tea dispensers and plenty of Splenda to go around.  Glorious.
5	I love this place.  I try not to go more than once a week but sometimes I can't help myself.Good deal on the sandwiches (they're all $5.25).  Extra meat is $1 extra, double meat is $2 extra.Countless possibilities to make the sandwich exactly what you want.  My favorites:- Cuban (ham/pork/swiss/pickles/mustard/extra meat)- Black bean (add pepper jack/lettuce/salt/pepper/spicy mayo/extra meat)And they have the best ice around.  I know that sounds funny, you'll just have to try it for yourself.Only thing I don't like is that ugly Tar Heel they have up.
5	So I was introduced to this place one day at work when we received a tray of sandwiches for in service.Initially, I wanted Sushi 101...but since that was closed (along with the rest of Charlotte) for Sunday lunch.... I noticed the Which Wich? sign across the parking lot.   Decided to try it out....It took me about 5 minutes or so to figure out what the heck was going on with the ordering process.  After catching on, I thought it was genius.   Menu is set up by Numbered Categories.  Ie:  1- Beef, 2- Chicken, 3-Comofort Sandwiches...etc.   You select your number and then pull a brown sandwich bag off the wall with the corresponding #.   They have Red Sharpies so you can check off the other things you want to add.   (Let, Tom, Olive, Japs, Chz, pickle, etc etc...).     Take the bag to the register and the bag with your order is sent down the line.   You pick your bag up at other end of line.   Food was GREAT!   I don't know why I always go for the Comfort Food....but I had the best Egg Salad Sandwich.     The first time I tried it at work...the sandwiches were not dressed up.  When I had the opportunity to dress my Egg Salad up today... I was like "OH MY...."    Ice Machine has that fabulous "hospital" crushed ice pellets.Inside seating area....LACKING..... it's Small...very McDonalds like.... but none the less that was no reason to pull back by a star on my rating. Cheap, good, and fast..... WAY TO GO.   Which Wich? is now a staple in my weekly rotation of eating out.
4	Went here for a second time last night and didn't stray far from my first visit. Wheat bread, buffalo chicken, pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, ranch, buffalo sauce and lettuce. Apparently i like it, cause i'm thinking i will stick with that and maybe add something here and there until i find the perfect variation. Seems to be a ton of choices overall. My mom tried the tuna melt type thing and seemed satisfied saying "I'd get this again." And the wife was right, i don't know why, but i love the little round perfectly bite sized cubes of ice. Crushed but not too crushed, cubed but not too big, the perfect ice. That ice machine would make a nice addition to my kitchen if anyone is looking for Christmas gift ideas.Seating isn't terribly inviting, more like a fast food eatery, which i guess fits since it's a fast food eatery.
3	Which Wich is your typical sandwich shop - no more, no less.  However, it's not the best sandwich I have ever eaten...Pluses:  There is a wide selection of meats and toppings, and are of a higher quality than a place like Subway.  The bread is fresh baked, but there are only 2 options - white or wheat.  Negatives:  While well prepared, the taste was just not as good as I hoped.  It's on par with Subway to me.  Nothing that knocked me over.  I fancy myself a chip connoisseur and Which Wich has house-made chips.  Unfortunately, they were on par with Ruffles to me.  Nothing special, a very, very small bag of them and something I would not order again. Verdict: While I had been tempted to stop by Which Wich for quite some time, I really could have waited longer.  I probably will not be stopping back there again, given there are better options to getting a similar sandwich.
4	Welcome to the neighborhood, Which Wich! Just around the corner from where I work...ideal for a quick break and good food. Pretty fun concept...grab a sharpie (I love sharpies), grab a bag, mark your selections...and wha-la, a tasty sandwich made to order!They have so much to choose from...even pizzas (haven't tried those yet). They even make shakes, which are very delicious! You could probably eat here every day and get something different each time. Like others have mentioned, they have so many selections. Your kiddos can even join the sharpie fun. They have a baggie selection just for kids too!
3	I tried Which Wich after seeing them in the shopping center with Total Wine.  I signed up for their email list, and they emailed me a coupon for a free sandwich during the week of my b-day.  I looked at the reviews and the website, so I knew about the ordering process.  You take a bag, mark what you want on with a Sharpie, and give it to the cashier.  They then make your sandwich and put in said bag.  It's a fun process, although I'm not crazy about community Sharpie's.  However, there is a lot of hand sanitizer, plus clean restrooms.  The sanitation grade is 101.The free sandwich was for the 7", but they now offer 10" and 14".  I upgraded to the 10" and paid the difference.  The sandwich was good and I loved the toasted white bread without the whole sandwich being toasted.  Although I was expecting grilled chicken, it was lunch meat but good quality lunch meat.  They are a little skimpy with the toppings.  My wife order tomato and avocado (that is what the sandwich is called) but there was no avocado on it.The quality here is better than Subway but not as good as Jersey Mike's. The prices are similar to JM's, so if paying full price, I'd rather go there, but I won't rule out or be oppossed to Which Wich.
5	I ordered take out, completed my order online (and printed it to take to them).Stellar sandwich. I mean, a star winked at me when I had my first bite.I ordered a Turkey Sandwich on wheat with avocado, mayo, light ranch and pesto, mushrooms, onion, lettuce, tomato and cucumber with provolone cheese, sprinkle of pepper. Taste explosion!The sandwiches are beautifully made with perfect little layers. The bread is SO FRESH and delicious! This place should be on your radar and will not disappoint.
4	Just had a great sandwich at Which Wich.  It has an interesting new concept of ordering your sandwich.  You decide on which sandwich you want, find the corresponding brown bag, note what you would like on it and bring to the cashier.  I had "the Italian" and thought it was great.  Plus, the restaurant was immaculate.
4	At Which Wich you essentially design your own sandwich. Using premade bags with various options, you can pick the type of sandwich you want and then mark the toppings and dressings you want. They then make the sandwhich and heat it up for you. This place is better than you could imagine based on the concept and is well worth the meal.Based on their recomendation, I branched out and tried the MonteCristo which is essential ham, jelly and powdered sugar. It sounded horrible but they promised me if I hated it they would make me another. It has become on of my favorites and I have odd cravings for it now.The milkshakes are also worth adding to your combo meal.Don't go if you are in a hurry because while they are not slow, it is not super fast either especially if there are a bunch of orders in.
5	After I figured out HOW to order my food, I thoroughly enjoyed my sandwich.  I'm glad to see that I'm not the only yelper that was quite confused at first!  I like the atmosphere of Which Wich.  I know some people commented on it feeling "cold," however, I just think it is modern.  The biggest tip I can give to new comers is that you have to write your order on the sandwich bag and then bring it up to the cashier.  I love this concept because you can get your sandwich exactly how you want it.  They even have sauerkraut.  As a german girl, I really appreciate that ;)The sandwich I picked was a "lite" choice.  It was delicious!  I got it toasted with low fat mayo and all of the other toppings I wanted and it was perfect.  I would definitely go back here for a quick lunch.  The ice does come out fast on the ice machine (I noticed another yelper mentioned that) BUT they have the crushed ice.  Mmm, it's my fav!
5	Wow! What a FANTASTIC concept!  Menu is on the bag & using a red sharpie you make your choices...and my, my, my...what choices! I went with the regular 7 inch turkey, toasted white bread, mayo,  avocado, bacon & pickles. Unbelievable! They offer the Vickie's line of kettle chips, which I love.Staff was super friendly & helpful to this (new) process of ordering. And I am a stickler for sanitation grades & was happy to see this place has a 101 rating!  I went on a Sunday afternoon, right at 12, so there was a steady stream of church folks & 20-somethings. Service was quick.I will say the shop is rather small & the tables are placed close together. We didn't eat in, rather took our sandwiches to go. Prices are reasonable. This is my new favorite go to sandwich shop.
5	Which Wich is my Wich?  Honestly, I love all of 'em! The thing that sets Which Wich apart from the rest isn't just the fun brown paper bags where you fill out your order (that does make ordering much quicker, which I like) but the way they use fresh ingredients and compact it into a hot, toasty hunk of bread. The sandwich bags are categorized by meat, and it's super easy to customize with your red Sharpie.  Just circle or fill in the bubble of what toppings, condiments, seasonings, etc. you want. They even offer up a bean patty for veggies, which is very good. Subway's toasted sandwiches always end up cold after awhile because of the veggies.  Jimmy Johns is fresh and yummy too, but has only a fraction of the meats and toppings...plus isn't toasted. Quizno's I think is too expensive for what it is. Firehouse is good, but again, I don't remember my few times there if there was a toasty crunchy bread option. My only suggestion is offering a smaller half-sized sub.  After half a regular sized one, I'm usually packed because they're so dense!
5	The food was great and I loved the ordering process where you check off what you want on the bag your sandwich will be in. There was a huge sandwich selection too!
5	My first trip to Which Wich and already a favorite! I am a big fan of the sub sandwich and many restaurants do not cut it. Which Wich absolutely does.First of all, the concept is cute and efficient. You fill out your order on a brown paper bag, hand it to the cashier, that bag then becomes the sleeve that will house your sub. A big part of the sub is of course, the bread. I got my Which Wich toasted - it was done to perfection. Crunchy outside, soft inside, no burn. They give you a good amount of meat and toppings and I love the selection! Things like hummus and tzatziki, avacado, olive salad. Very unique.When you go, try the house chips. The look of Ruffles, the crunch of Krunchers, with black pepper. They also offer cookies & milkshakes, (Milkshakes! At a sub shop!), but I did not try either on this visit.Great prices - just $5.25 for the regular (7") sub. It of course goes up in there, but overall very affordable, especially compared to similar restaurants.The staff was friendly, the atmosphere, casual and minimalist. Good thing it's close to work, because I think I will be stopping here a lot in the future!
4	I feel so cool like when I stop by Which Wich for lunch these days! Grab a sharpie, and mark down whatever you like, then hand your baggie over to the cashier and magically it comes back filled with your sandwich!I really like this place, it's fast, easy, and cheap. Also much more fun than the Jason's Deli next door! The only thing I don't like? How cold the place feels. I remember thinking while I was ordering once for such an fun concept the interior designer sure did an awful job of conveying that sense of fun into the space. Nevertheless Which Wich fills my lunchtime sandwich cravings quite nicely with their huge assortment of toppings, and fillings, and everything else in between!P.S. Adding avocado really does make everything taste better!
4	I finally tried Which Wich after I have heard SO many people raving about it! I was a little overwhelmed by the number of choices that were on the menu on the wall. But as soon as i walked in, a very nice young lady walked over to show me how the ordering process works. :) You pick a type of sandwich, like ham, turkey, club, beef.. and then narrow your choice down to a specific sandwich, like Roast beef. Then you add all of the toppings, dressings and sauces that you want for basically no charge. You can totally make a crazy sandwich if you want! I stood staring at the menu for a while and finally decided to go safe with just a turkey, ham and cheese sub with fixin's. I think I only went the safe route because I was worried that I would try something new and hate it.. The sandwich was as good as it could be considering it was so run of the mill. The ingredients tastes very fresh and the service was obviously awesome. The sub only took a few minutes to make and wasn't too expensive either. I am looking forward to returning to try many different options. Let me know if you know of any crazy good combinations that I should try!
4	What a clever concept for a sub shop. Admittedly, it can be a bit overwhelming at first, but the 'Make Your Own Sub' thing they have going here is very clever. I really liked that I could choose and pick at my own leisure without feeling rushed at all. Great choices for toppings and sauces and you can just Go To Town on it. Excellent.And when my name was called (I put 'Bruce K' on mine, but you might want to go with 'Voldemort' or 'Bond. James Bond.') the sub was exactly what I requested. And it was excellent!Free wifi. 'Frequent flier' card. Lots of seating inside and out.I could see coming back here often.
4	First of all, I really dig the ordering system.  You fill out a form on a paper bag and just hand it to the guy at the counter.  It is so much more efficient that way.  On top of that, the sandwich was pretty good.  Not the best I ever had, but better than your average chain.  I would definitely recommend.
4	For a quick meal, this is the spot. I have an unreasonable passion for sandwiches. However, I cannot stand sandwich shops. I don't like standing across the counter from someone while they stare at me waiting for my decisions. I like to think my sandwiches over good and hard. The fact that I can grab a bag and create my sandwich in peace without feeling rushed and judged is a.m.a.z.i.n.g. The choices are excellent with a wide variety of toppings, meats, and bread, and if you don't want to think too hard about it, they have pre-fabricated options as well. I love handing my bag off, continuing my awesome conversation and then picking up my sandwich when it's complete. The sandwiches themselves are delicious. Cold or toasted, I have not been disappointed yet.
5	delicious, delicious, delicious...did i say delicious?  loved the toasted sandwich...have only tried 6 kinds so far, and not a bad one yet...just gaining weight...go eat there!!  yumm
5	I had a tough time convincing my friends to come with me to just another sandwich place - but I got them intrigued with the brown paper bag ordering system.  For my first visit, I went big - and ordered the Wicked Wich.  A sandwich that has FIVE meats and THREE cheeses.  Ridiculous - and delicious.Since then, I've tasted many of their sandwiches and never been disappointed.  Don't forget to keep your receipt and get a coupon for a free cookie (which you get warm and gooey)
5	A Wicked with BBQ sauce and Ranch. Actually, try anything here, it will be amazing.  The bread is fresh and soft. The ingredients are quality, unlike places like Subway and Quiznos, and everyone is really nice.At first the ordering system might be a bit overwhelming, but after your first try it will be a breeze.  Enjoy
4	Stopped by after reading this on Yelp. I was pretty impressed! It's a little pricey for what is basically a Subway meal, but with Quiznos style bread sizes (4", 10", 14"). The ordering method is strange at first, but the learning curve is easy. Overall a good experience but $10+ for a 10" sub with one meat and cheese, a bag of chips and drink is a tad pricey, so that knocks off a star.  Would recommend it! I'll be back if I'm in the area!
1	Girl working the register & sandwich line made extremely cruel remarks about my boyfriend who was talking on his cellphone while I was standing there waiting for him & for my sandwich to get made.  Obviously she had NO idea that he was with me.  It is a shame that 1- she does not know who her customers are & 2- she was more interested in running her mouth to her co-workers than work.  She was incredibly offensive.  Which Wich on Woodlawn as lost 2 customers.
5	Great sandwich spot, a zillion options to satisify any person. I always make a buffalo chicken sandwich, so good (little salty thou from the hot sauce and meat)... Id pass on their homemade chips, they are good but its a small portion for the price. They are quick to get the sandwiches out which makes it good for lunch. The shopping plaza is a PIA getting in and out during lunch thou, have to go early or late or deal with trying to park.
3	I am new to the neighborhood, so I've been trying all the local restaurants.  This one didn't disappoint. I was looking for a quick bite and a decent sandwich.  Service was good, but it was a bit slow because I went at the noon rush hour. The ordering system, as someone else commented, is unique.  It was a little confusing at first, but I think it did a good job of getting customers processed and out of the way. They actually take the orders faster than they can fill them, so I was waiting with 5-10 other people in the back of this small restaurant. Other than the wait, which was probably about 10 minutes, I have nothing bad to say. I had a turkey sandwich that was pretty good, worth stopping for again. I'll definitely be returning, maybe just a little later after the rush hour.
5	5 stars is not enough for which wich!  I love their ordering system so much.  I get exactly what I want on my favorite item -  a chicken cordon bleu bowl - and it's always fresh and delicious.  Friendly, fast service every time!  Which wich is my favorite sandwich place.  Even the ice is awesome.  I'm so excited that they've opened a new location near my work so now I can enjoy it more often.
3	First time stopped by as I was looking for food close to my doctor's appt.  See that reviews by others are good.  It's like subway sandwich but there  option of sandwich or salad...  For about $5.00 for a sandwich that's acceptable.  Quality is good.  I will come back again.
5	Been here twice and both times, I walked away thinking this is the best sandwich I've ever had. The staff is friendly and the subs are excellent. Plenty of variety and spice so I got the tailor made masterpiece I wanted..
5	Food is excellent, staff is friendly - I have never had a bad experience!
5	Once I start on the 'Surf and Turf' seafood sandwich, that is all I need.  It is just so darn yummy, I have not had a chance to change up the sandwich. I am content with my crabmeat and beef with mushrooms, top off with avocado! Yes, I have a winning sandwich that I enjoy and devour every morsel.Oh, I also like to make my own version of Arnold Palmer - with their green tea and lemonade!Reminds me of all the times I have ate at the WW in Houston! I KNOW I ate over 15 Surf and Turfs already.
4	Which Wich is a very creative and welcome addition to the area! This was my first time visiting here and I'm already looking forward to going back!Great concept, you walk in and pick up a bag based on whatever kind of sandwich  you want, they have everything from turkey and ham to tuna salad and the beloved classic club!Once you decide which sandwich you want, you can get to work creating your masterpiece. I opted for the Classic- Club. Turkey, ham and bacon with pepper jack cheese. For toppings I selected lettuce, banana peppers, jalapenos, red onions, deli mustard, chipotle mayo, vinegar and salt, pepper and oregano. I don't think I possibly could have added anything more. The sandwich was delicious, I chose the wheat bread which was flaky and freshly baked. The sandwich was delicious! I enjoyed the combinations of meat and toppings and it was just a great sandwich. I agree with the other reviews, for the price, this a a great sandwich and I cant wait to enjoy another one!
4	As far as sandwich chains go, Which Wich stands out. I love that you can decide what kind of sandwich and toppings you want at your leisure without any rush. The prices run around the same as Quizno's. The variety of meats and toppings are excellent as is the quality. Tried the Surf and Turf sandwich, a risky sandwich that I would never order at a place like Subway, even if they offered it. But at Which Wich, the meat is fresh, the lettuce is crisp, and the bread isn't hard. A pretty good lunch.
4	I had the opportunity to go to Which Wich on a recent Saturday afternoon, and my first impressions of Which Which are mostly positive.What I like most about Which Wich is the uniqueness of the joint.  The whole order via circling your choices on a pad with a pencil; ordering format works, and reminds me of a burrito-joint in Chapel Hill by the name of Armadillo Grill.  I like that there really are no set, pre-made subs.  Everything is made fresh to order and is tailored to your specific topping and sauce needs.  I will say that the parking lot was a little hectic and the inside felt a bit chaotic as well.  There weren't many available seats and it looked like the Tasmanian Devil had just run through the place.As far as the actual taste of my sub, it was excellent.  All the ingredients tasted fresh and my sandwich was made to my specifications.Despite the interior, the service was excellent and the sub tasted good enough that I  would def like to return to Which Wich again, perhaps giving the location at the MET a shot.
4	So this was my first time here. Once I figured out how the process of ordering worked, it was really easy. The food was was amazing. I got a vegetarian sub, and it was delicious. My friend, Olivia, got a milkshake. I am on somewhat of a diet, but I did try hers and it was really good. It was a nice consistency. They are priced a bit higher than subway, but it was definaelty worht the extra bucks.
5	I have been to Which Wich plenty of times, it is in my top 5 of sandwich shops.  They have awesome flavor to their subs.  My favorite is their buffalo chicken! They have so many different choices.The shop is unique in how you order, but I love it.  You pick a bag, mark what you want on your sandwich and they make it.  They call your name when it is ready.The only con: it can get busy fast, so the tables are taken and there is not much standing room without thinking you are in the way.  Grab a table quick!Also get the club card, you get a free sandwich after buying so many.I hope they open one on the south side soon!
4	I've always been a fan of Subway, but after my first time at Which Wich, I will never be the same.  :)  First of all, who of us doesn't like to doodle on paper bags?  The fact that you can select any kind of sandwich combination and use a red Sharpie to create it is just plain fun.  My favorite "wich" is Chicken Pesto on a toasted wheat roll with jack cheese, pesto, jalapenos, and oil/vinegar.  AMAZING...everytime.  My boyfriend loves the Hawaiian and it is quite the flavorful sub.  Definitely recommend for a quick and satisfying sandwich!  And don't forget a strawberry shake!  YUM!!!!
3	It is ridiculous the variety that this place offers. For someone who has never been, its almost overwhelming. Even with all the variety, this place is just okay to me. There is nothing that really stands out as better than or different than any other sandwich shop except for the way you order. Parking can be difficult during busy times but usually its fairly easy. I went on a nice Sunday afternoon and the place was packed. It took  about 10 mins to get our order once we had placed it. They had a few tables outside for people to sit but they were all full so we walked down to the courtyard that is right on park rd.
3	Let me start out by saying that the food itself was very good.  I enjoyed my sandwich and my friends seemed to enjoy theirs.   The problem I found was the ordering system.  You first pick your type of sandwich (meat, seafood, veg., etc.) then you pick the bread and fix-ins; and there are alot of those.  But here is the start on why I don't like the system.  You are creating your own sandwich, something that you think may go with something else may not and you ruin your sandwich.  Although I did enjoy my sandwich, the olive spread I put on it took away from the other ingredients.  If I wanted an olive spread sandwich I would have ordered that in the first place.  Second, the system ends up being a little slow if you have a group as each person orders one at a time.  By the time the last person got their sandwich, the first person was done.
4	Love the idea & enjoyed my sandwich. I am a fan & will be sure to remember this spot when I want to create my own sandwich!
5	Hang with me here..... I had a vertebrate paleontology class in college.  Our professor often discussed the lack of evolutionary changes in crocodilian species over the course of millions of years while other species have evolved all sorts of other features.  He basically said "it's not possible to do what they do any better.  A bigger brain means they'd probably lose jaw muscle.  Larger body size means they'd probably lose some of their ability to sneak up on prey.  Over the course of millions of years, these things would be a big deal."  Point being, crocodiles haven't evolved because they're perfect as is for what they do.  Well, for what it is, Which Wich does a perfect job.Tons of options, all completely customizeable, fairly fast service, high quality ingredients, toasting capabilities, inexpensive, friendly staff that aren't afraid to interact with their customers, etc.  Perfect lunch spot.  It can get crowded (obviously a good problem to have), so come during off hours or plan on getting it to go.
3	I want to check all the boxes... all of them. I have done so in the past, and they dutifully crafted a monstrosity sandwich made to order, to my absurd and unreasonable specifications. I love that.Lots of great options, lots of good sandwiches, not a lot of seating and the seating that exists is small. I feel like there is a lot of temptation to avoid crafting a terrible for you sub that I seldom avoid resisting, therefore I make sure I go infrequently.
4	I first experienced Which Wich in Texas. It was an instant hit with me. I was pleasantly surprised to see it in Charlotte. It has tasty sandwiches and lots of choices too. And just the way you want it. You pick a brown bag that accompanies the type of meat that you want and proceed to use a sharpie to fill in the meat, cheese, toppings and spread. just the way you want it and in a cool way. They also have chips, cookies, rice krispy treats and shakes. The sandwiches are very tasty and you can get a combo meal. They even do a punch card for frequent members for a free sub. This one is closer to home so I tend to go to this one more often. Staff is great here too and it's not as busy as the one in Metro. Def recommend!!!
4	Love it only reason it's 4 stars is the seating and waiting area are set up very poorly , the food and service are amazing and the staff is great .. Nice job (:
4	I always say with which Wich that if you don't like it, then it's your own fault because you made it! No matter how many times you go to WW you can always create something new and the company has a special sub each month if you still need something fresh. Oh and the best thing about the place is the crushed ice and iced tea machine.
5	Excellent sandwich shop! Traveled here for business and it was a good place to grab a quick bit.  Would recommend to any business traveler!
3	Disclaimer: Your first visit you will be completely overwhelmed when you walk through the door. Don't worry. They are prepared for that. Someone will hold your hand (figuratively) and baby step you through the process. If you dislike your sandwich here, you don't really have anyone to blame but yourself. Pick your bag and start crafting your masterpiece. 10 bag options. Once you agonize over that, vessel decisions. White, wheat, wrapped in lettuce or in a bowl. Hot or cold. Toppings galore. The combinations and possibilities are endless. Well not endless, but I'm not going to sit here and do that math. Numbers. Hard. Oh and a very important note... THEY HAVE THE GOOD ICE HERE. You know what I'm talking about.This location is clean. The workers are ridiculously nice. They pretty much have to be to walk customers through How to Order a Sandwich 101. Parking can be a problem here. You may have to walk a mile... that is if you can even find a spot. Would you describe yourself as someone who has trouble making decisions? This may not be your best option to grab a sandwich.
5	I frequent this Which Wich regularly.  The food is generally quite good and reliable.  Today a young man named Patrick came by our table to check on us.  I was missing an ingredient in my salad which Patrick promptly brought to me.  My friend's sand wich wasn't made to her specifications.  Patrick gave her a coupon for a complimentary one on her next visit.  This is truly good customer service.
5	Yes, this is a sandwich shop that I'll be back to time and time again.  The Yelpers are right, it's completely overwhelming.  But have no fear, a trusty Which Wich employee will see your bewildered look and come to your rescue.  I read the reviews, and braced myself before I entered the sandwich emporium.  I'm sure that you could see the whites all the way around my eyes when I looked at the menu and selection of bags.  The girl behind the counter came over to me, welcomed me and then talked me through ordering exactly what I wanted.  She said that the Italian grinder is the most popular, and for good reason.  So that's what I got.  I liked the different options and sizes that separates this place from Subway.  It is a little more expensive - but if you're careful, you can get away with a great deal.  The ingredients were fresh and delicious.  I had avocado added to mine, and that was my best decision all day.  It was that beautiful light green, and piled throughout my sandwich!  This is an excellent choice for a lunch stop.  Like subway on steroids (but with brownies and Rice Krispies instead of cookies).
4	We love Which Wich. The ingredients are much fresher than most sub places. You can make your sandwich to order with much more variety than most sub places. The bread is better than most sub places. And they have milkshakes and housemade chips that are delicious. This location has a super fun and friendly crew. I like the cuban, turkey, PB/banana/bacon... and I.love the pepper mix.
1	I'm a big fan and supporter of Which Wich... however today was not an experience I would ever recommend to anyone else.  Not only did I get just a drop of Ranch Dressing for my side of ranch.. but my Buffalo Chicken Sandwich came as... Buffalo Turkey?  How do you confuse the two?  Not to mention, there isn't any buffalo sauce on it. Completely disappointed.
4	If you don't like this place then it's on you because you control everything about your sub and I am pretty sure there is no sub combination that is impossible to make. 3 sizes, heated or not, every detail is yours. Don't let the decisions paralyze you. The crushed ice for drinks is money.
