5	mmmmmmmFood:  Pizza, cheese sticks, garlic knots, chicken parm... it is all so very, very tasty.  I purposely order too much so that I can enjoy the leftovers the next day.Service:  The service is good.  Sometimes they get a bit busy and the server doesn't come by for a while.  Since the restuarant is very open you can see that it is because they are working with other customers and not off goofing.  Usually someone else will come by and see if you need anything when the wait staff gets over-occupied.Convenience:  This location is in a shopping area with tons of ample parking so it makes it very easy to get in and out of without hassle.
5	I hosted a small soiree for a UFC fight one wknd.  (Hmm, the words soiree & UFC seem odd in the same sentence but whatever).  So, the group wanted pizza but I was in no mood for the usual chains like Pizza Butt or Papa Somebody.  Although, those places can be tasty, I just wasn't thrilled about those options @ the time.Never having eaten @ NYPD, we order the 'Brooylyn Family' , which did not disappoint.  The pepperoni was light and didn't taste/look super greasy.  The sausage was actually cut like pepperoni, as opposed to the usual manner it's served on pizza (tiny bits without the casing).  I think it tastes better when it's thinly sliced like the pepperoni--again, not so greasy.  And the fresh basil leaves rocked.  Thin crust was perfect--not crackery and they didn't overload it with sauce or cheese keepin the crust from getting mushy.If you're tired of the usual pizza joints, definitely put this on your list to check out.  It's GREAT!
4	Hybrid restaurant setup - walk through pizza by the slice at lunchtime (like Ray's or Sbarro) but full service dining in the evening, with real servers and a real bar!Pizza is consistently good quality - good crust, very milky cheese, and generous toppings.  Values available Monday and Tuesday if you're ordering two pizzas.Unless you're just doing a lunch slice or takeout with coupon, it can be a little expensive.Poor choice of name, in my opinion.  NYPD? Pffft.
4	I recently moved into a neighborhood in NORTH surprise.... very nice house... but NO ONE delivers to our neighborhood. No pizza. No chinese. No nothin!Until one day, what do I find hanging from my door knob? Like a golden glowing beacon of light... an advertisement from a place called New York Pizza Dept that says they deliver to my house!!!!! Immediately, we cancel any plans for dinner we had and order some pizza. And I'm glad to say we were not let down. They have some pretty damn good pizza! It's not the best in the world but, if Papa John's or Pizza Hut ever decide to deliver to our neighborhood, I wouldnt order from them... and not because of any loyalty to NYPD for being the first to deliver... but because its actually good pizza!I just had their Calimari, which was delicious, and a Sicilian pizza (the square kind)... sooooo good!Also, if they're late with the delivery (like they were the first time we ordered... but I didnt care... cuz no one else delivers!), they might give you a $20 credit like they gave us.Eat up!
4	I like this place.  It's very... comfortable... It was warm from the cold outside. (I'm a native!!! I can't take 65 degrees!)And smells AMAZING.  Their pizza smells so good, it's ridiculous.Walk in... they do have a bar... complete with barstools, neon signs, "tacky" (but I like them) posters from movies...We sat in the group section.  I was coming in expecting to have their cookie with ice cream to celebrate my birthday and leave.We ended up having the Soho Salad Pizza, Fried Calamari, and then their Cookie.I've had their pizzas in the past (pre-Yelp) and I really liked them.You know... their Soho Salad Pizza was GREAT.  Four stars.  Completely makes you feel that you are not eating something high in calories AT ALL.  Very tasty and we would definitely order it again.  I was telling my partner that it was reminiscent of CPK's salads.  Almonds, feta cheese... and of course the awesome dressing that wasn't too heavy.Calamari... I was ok with it.  Three stars for me.  While I agree that I've had better, I didn't think it was terrible, but at the same time, it could have been crispier and with more seasoning.  It was fairly bland.  I think the sauces that went with it made it.And of course, the cookie.  Halfway cooked... just the way I liked it with two huge scoops of vanilla bean ice cream. :)   5 stars. :)  Gooey... warm... soppy... perfect. :)  And it's not too big. Sharing between two people isn't uncomfortable for the belly... even after having the Soho Salad Pizza and the Fried Calamari.We'll be back.  I want to have their pizza again. :)
3	They make a really good italian sandwich but the quality can vary widely based upon the kitchen crew at the time.  Seriously, this is the #1 challenge with NYPD Pizza is consistency.  Their food can be really good, but it can go to mediocre with kitchen mistakes.  Don't get me wrong, they make great pizzas and other foods but I really dislike having to keep my fingers crossed here.
4	I like this place, especially for take home. Their garlic knots are to die for, the house salad is not just iceberg lettuce and the vinaigrette dressing is quite good. And the pizza, it is quite good. I used to work in a pizza joint so I am somewhat picky about the pizza I eat, and theirs is good and reliable. We just moved to the area and we tried Streets of NY first, and between the two, I will stick with NYPD.
4	I get 2-3 pizzas from here a month.  In the last year, i've only had one I wasnt too happy with.  It seemed a little undercooked.. but honestly the other 20-30 times I've gotten pizza there its been good.  I'd eat here more but it is a bit more expensive than I like to pay for pizza.
5	Food: great!  Service: Excellent!  I had the Frank Sinatra Calzone (you choose 3 items for the filling...I suggest what I had: sausage, pepperoni, and meatball).  It was just like being back in New York.  Loaded with Ricotta, too...They don't skimp here.  The server was great too...Didn't catch his name, but he's a burly, bald headed guy with a beard.  Very friendly, polite, attentive.  Cool to look in the kitchen and see the pizzas being hand tossed...Wonder if the cook thinks I was looking at him...Well, I actually was, but only because he really got into tossing the pizzas and was entertaining to watch.Go there.  Eat everything.  Tip big!
3	Only reason why we tried this place, because we were in the area. Place is not to bad, I've had better especially in Cali. I am searching for that spot in Arizona still! Haven't found it yet. Girls like their salads, Pizza was good, enjoyed their garlic knots! I would and will come back again.
2	I'd heard great things about this place, so my daughter & I dropped in for lunch. It took an ETERNITY just for someone to acknowledge we were there, let alone to get seated. The service didn't get better after that. We shared a pizza & it was OK, but nothing spectacular. I expected better quality out of the service & food. If I ever want to try their pizza again I'll have them deliver,,,, might actually be quicker that way!
3	First I'd like to say that I was contacted by the restaurant regarding my previous visit. I was impressed with their commitment to great customer service. They took the feedback I could provide them & they even sent me a dinner voucher. I visited the same location again this past weekend. As soon as I walked in I was promptly greeted, given a choice as to where to sit & my drink order was placed. I didn't get any of those last time, so I was already happy as a fiddle! I was attended to by my waiter PLUS an additional 3 people who were helping him. This is still a place were you need to have plenty of time on your hands if you want to eat there. We had planned on going to the mall after our dinner, but changed our minds when we realized we'd been there for nearly 2 hours. I highly recommend you place your meal order at the same time as your appetizer, & that you don't dawdle on making your choices. We didn't. The waiter did tell us when we placed our pizza order that it would take 20 to 30 minutes for the pizza to be ready. It took exactly 30 minutes, so at least they were being honest, lol. My daughter was less than thrilled with the chopped salad that we shared, it was really bland & the pizzas (I had the one with ham & pineapple & she had one with sausage) had little to no sauce. We are both sauce girls & maybe we should have asked for extra sauce when we placed the order. Regardless, service was definitely improved. I'd recommend this place for leisurely lunches & dinners with family or friends.
5	Enjoy getting the special deal they have on Mondays or Tuesdays where you can buy one pizza and get the second half off. Their pizzas are cooked just right and the crust isn't too thick or too thin. Also, their pizza is even enjoyable later on when you nuke it in the microwave. The staff was friendly and made sure everything was ok just enough and they were not annoying at all.
4	My husband and I are regulars here and I love the pizza!  We started getting an 18" because I felt like we were getting gipped a bit when we got the 16" as they'll usually use a differently sized pan to make it and it always seemed to be a bit closer to 14" than 16" (I'm big on pizza and I KNOW my sizes!).  It always tastes good though.We also get the honey bbq wings a lot, but lately I've been wondering if they've switched their supplier to a cheaper one, as we've gotten wings where the bone has been broken vs. cut and it has that bone marrow taste/smell which has put me off wings (at least for the time being).All in all though, this displaced East Coaster is a big fan (as are my fellow East Coast siblings!)
4	I've enjoyed everything I've had here.  I especially appreciate the range of vegetarian options.  The garlic knots are a family favorite!
2	We have come to this location several times over the years and little by little the quality and taste has gone downhill. This most recent experience is likely our last. We had take out of a Mott's Street Meat Lover and a Joey's Favorite. Mott Street is a pepperoni, sausage and meatball pizza. It was pretty good but the crust was just too darn doughy. I was born in NY and I know NY pizza. It's not this doughy. Joey's Favorite is a veggie pizza. The crust was actually soggy from all the veggies. It's been this way a few times, but this particular time was the worst. It rendered the pizza inedible and as I totally love veggie pizza, it was disappointing enough to force my hand with writing this review. NYPD pizza is kind of pricey for pizza, especially when it's subpar pizza. It's been nice to have them close by but it's just not worth it anymore to suffer through less than delicious pizza.
3	Decent pizza place...  You can tell the lunch menu items are pre made and just heated up when you order them.
4	Decent place for lunch.  Love the garlic knots!!!
5	The best fried calamari in Surprise! Delish pizza! Consistent quality and service, never have been disappointed since we moved here in June!
5	By far the best pizza I have ever had. Only down side on my visit was that there were two family groups who sat their children at tables away from them...the noise was horrific.
1	Pizza sucks and so does service
5	Have been many times. I have always been very satisfied with food and service. Last nights takeout was simply amazing.
4	Really good pizza and sandwiches. They have lunch specials that are pretty good. Good place to grab a cold one with some friends.
4	Good service and excellent pizza. It is worth a try. It has a family restaurant type of feel.
4	My number 1 pizza place here in AZ so far and I'm on a mission! Don't leave without eating the garlic cheese knots !
4	Very good pizza and wings!
5	Best pizza in Surprise, hands down.  Delivery is fast and the pizza is delicious.  Totally recommend!
4	We were still on the quest for GOOD pizza, this time we were way out west and decided to try NYPD.  I was leary because it looks like a nice, respectable chain-style restaurant and I picture good pizza coming from a basic local pizza joint.  Well, we were pleasantly surprised by the pizza here, and yes, it is a nice, clean, pleasant restaurant.  We ordered a margherita pizza with tomatoes, basil and fresh mozzarella and were pleasantly surprised.  The crust was really delicious (must be that NY water) and the ingredients were fresh and proportioned just right.  We ordered it crispy (as suggested on menu) and it was delish.  We took some home and had some for breakfast, also good.  It will be the place we head to for pizza when on that side of town.
3	Very friendly staff and nice location, clean and well kept.Ordered pizzas for pick-up.  The cheese pizza was very tasty, even as left overs - the little that was left - and the kids loved it.  The "da works" pizza was soggy - even though they made the crust extra crispy at their suggestion - and something on the toppings may have been undercooked.  We'd definitely do the cheese pizza next time without hesitation.Others have said the Sicilian is great so maybe the thin cheese for the kids and thick pizza for the adults!
5	AMAZING!!! Now NYPD is #1 on my pizza list...need to see of there's one in so-cal! Quality is on point! Definitely coming back when visiting relatives in Az!
5	$7 for a couple of slices and a pop is a good deal.  The place is very clean and service is good
5	Must have whenever I'm back in town...Spinach Dip is the shiznit Pizzas are bombdigity and the service is pretty awesome!
4	Their service is outstanding. I loved the low-key, relaxed lighting and the calm environment wrapped inside of such a hectic city. Their pizza was wonderful. My Mom and I both went back (within 3 days) for another slice of the Lemon-cello Cheesecake with cranberry. Good eats, Great service, Great dessert!
5	The best pizza in this area that I have found. Last night my husband and I shared the large Asiago Caesar Salad which was very tasty and fresh. Plenty of salad for two people. We had a Da Works pizza and it was excellent. Had it "crispy" as suggested by our server since it had lots of veggies. The crust is excellent as well as the toppings. Fresh peppers, tomatoes, and mushrooms along with great Italian sausage and pepperoni. The new manager in training Zack came by to make sure we were satisfied with the food and service. Both were great. If you love good New York style pizza and have not tried this place, it us a must stop. Enjoy.
3	Used to always be awesome and worth the high price, but lately the quality has really dropped. I have been disappointed with 2 of the last 3 pizzas I got.Mostly the topping have been really skimpy and usually the sauce is very very light.-See the pic
2	The food is typically good at NYPD.However, this trip has been a wait fest.My wife and I have waited an hour or so for something that takes 20 minutes. At this point we are being held hostage. Please send help!!!!!
4	I live in El Mirage, there are plenty of pizza places closer but I drive the extra miles because NYPD is the best pizza around. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. If you guys could move to Dysart & Thunderbird I would appreciate it.
5	5 STARS based on my overall experience!!!!!!!!!!! Nothing has changed with the food, it still is and always has been a solid 4 1/2 to a 5. I have never had a bad pizza at any of the NYPD Pizza's I have been to. One of the things that put this over the top was the large antipasto  salad that we started with. There was plenty of salami, cheese, and ham which at other places is skimped on. The salami and cheese was nice and thick, NOT some cheap thin cut garbage.We went on Wednesday night for a family dinner and took our 3 kids. A good tip, which we learned last night, is Wednesdays kids eat free! Not a little meal but a good size meal. Drink, meal, and desert. My 4 year old got the spaghetti and it was more then enough for him, and my 3 year old got the pizza bites. The pizza bites are not some frozen, bread covered, get it anywhere stuff. It is full piece of pizza cut for a kid. We didn't even order a meal fro our 1 year old because there was more then enough food for her to pick off of.The last thing that needs to be mentioned was our server Tyler. He is the biggest reason that this was a 5 star experience. He was polite and on top of everything! Since it was late our kids were acting up and getting loud, which I know can be annoying for a server and other costumers, but he did not start rushing us. I don't like to write long reviews because honestly most people don't read the whole thing and most of the time there is not that much to say, but this time everything was worth a top rating. WELL DONE NYPD PIZZA!
5	I love their vegan pizza, eggplant parm and even the garlic knots if you get them without cheese . Plus they give a 10% discount for local employees .
5	I had the greatest experience with my girlfriend at NYPD Pizza.  Jeremy, our waiter was awesome. My girlfriend and I shared a delicious Greek salad and we also had the best pizza ever.  Vinny's Pizza, 5 toppings of your choosing.  We shall be back.  I highly recommend NYPD Pizza.
5	We order from here almost every week, they have the best pizza!! We always get a large pie! Fresh ingredients you can taste, non greasy! Love it!
5	Pizza,cheesy garlic knots, and wings are amazing. We are staying in a hotel for 2 months and we have ordered from here like6 times. Definitely try it when you are here.
5	good stuff!
5	This review is based on a take out and not a dine in experience.  When called to place the order, staff was friendly and answered any questions we had about the order and specials.  Pick up time was given as 20 minutes.  We opted for pick up as we wanted to avoid the charge for delivery.  Yes, there is a small charge for delivery despite living less than 5 minutes away but that's okay.When we got there, there were lots of parking spaces and we were able to pull right up to the front of the restaurant.  Immediately walking in, I was greeted courteously.  Staff was friendly and had smiles on their faces.  Pick up is at the back of the restaurant so I had to walk through the restaurant which looked clean and well lit.Picked up the pie and it was excellent.  Crust wasn't too large and neither was it over baked nor too thin.  The pie wasn't greasy or oily.  Vegetables and toppings was fresh including the cheese which was stringy and hot!  The medium that we ordered looked like a large and even though it was only for two, it survived a couple days and even then, when it was cold, it still tasted fresh when reheated!Definitely a place I'll be returning to try some of their other items and speciality pizzas.
5	The hubs and I have eaten here several times over the past 2 months since moving to this area. We've only done delivery but it's always gone smoothly and food arrives hot. The pizza is quite good, as are the wings and Greek salad. It's our go to pizza place now, and we thought we'd have a hard time replacing our previous place that we loved for years. Thanks NYPD for making a move to a new area a little less stressful ;-).
4	Picked up a delicious pizza to go!  Thought $22 for a medium pepperoni pizza was a little pricey.  Since it was good, I'll be back.
4	Great tasting pizza. Service is always amazing. They could cook some of the specialty pizzas a little longer to cook the center better. Salad is made with good quality greens. We take the whole family, they give the kids crayons and paper plates to color on. They cover a wall with the plates. I thought that that was a cool touch. We will be going back.
4	Probably some of the best pizza in Arizona, seriously.   They always have a good pizza, however the last visit was hands down the best pizza I've experienced from NYPD.  Everything tasted very fresh, high quality with the perfect amount of toppings, cheese and sauce to crust ratio. My whole family raved about it and we were all pretty surprised just how good it was.  We fought over leftovers that night. My five star is reserved for pizzeria Bianca, but that's a different playing field.  If it helps I would only rate Grimaldi's a 3 star.  I feel NYPD offers better value and taste.
1	We order from here regularly and also go there and eat. Tonight I decided to order delivery, the minimum for them to deliver is 15 dollars. My order came to $14.76.. And they asked me to order something else to make it over 15.. And they weren't counting the delivery since it costs 3 dollars for them to deliver. I asked to get a side order marinara sauce, they said they couldn't do that.. She asked if I wanted to add a bottled water for 1.50... I didn't feel the need to order a bottle of water for 1.50! The girl kept putting me on hold in the middle of my order.. Which was kind of rude. If she was busy she could've just put me on a longer hold rather than putting me hold 3 or 4 different times. I cancelled my order.. We will not be ordering from this place anymore. We've been loyal customers but from now on our business will not be going to this place anymore. So much for customer service..
5	I was approached by the area director Josh McGee, he had followed up with the store to see what happened. I guess the store wasn't aware of their new policy, the whole order has to be 15 dollars which includes tax and delivery. Also, the girl that was on the phone was just a trainee. He apologized about what happen and explained that the team now knows the correct policy and procedures. It was great that they actually contacted me, it made me feel valued as a customer. So they get their 5 stars back, because they actually do deserve it. Not only for having great delicious food but also for their great customer service.
5	.
3	This is like 2 stars for the price and food but the lady on the phone and the ladies at the pickup counter/front door were extremely nice, friendly and courteous (held the door open for me which I appreciated) so they get an extra star themselves.  I always appreciate and enjoy good service! I had a long drive home from CA and didn't feel like making anything.  I was craving some pizza and wanted to try something kind of close to home.  I placed my order for pickup and drove on down.  I ordered a Large Cheese Pizza.  Price was a bit steep...$19.15 after tax and that is just plain cheese....if you got some toppings, it would easily be a $25.00+ pizza.  Um....I'll pass!The pizza was flavorful....good sauce, good cheese but the dough/crust was kind of whack.  The bottom of the pizza was not crispy or browned at all.  It was super white and doughy which wasn't that good.  The actual crust was ok.  It had a decent chew/texture to it. Probably could have been cooked a bit longer overall though as far as the bottom..  The pizza is pretty large and I only ate 2 slices for dinner and was full...plenty of leftovers.  For $19.00 though, I will probably pass going forward.  It definitely wasn't nasty, but the under cooked/soft bottom of the pizza and the steep price tag left me wanting more.  The only time I see myself coming back is when they have deals or coupons or something...even then, I would rather drive to some of my other favorite spots than come back here when I am craving a pizza.
4	Was impressed . . . had the thick crust (it wasn't extremely thick) - was very good! Plenty of toppings!
2	After working all day I decided to grab a pizza on the way home tonight for dinner. I called in my order at 6:57pm and was told by the lady on the phone it would be 25-30 minutes. I thought ok I'll stop next door and buy some new work pants while I'm waiting since I was only 5 minutes away at the time. I walked into NYPD at 7:30 thinking my order would be ready, but was told it wasn't done yet. The girl at the register asked the kitchen how long till my pizza and garlic knots were ready. They told her 2 minutes, I thought ok since she offered me a soda while it was being finished.  I stood there, drinking my soda, until 7:51 when she finally rang up my order and I was on my way. Really?  54 minutes to make a pizza and some garlic knots, and there were only 5 tables with guests at them during this time. To be fair though, I am not sure how many to go orders they had though, but this was an extremely long time to wait, with no communication from them on what was going on, for a pizza. The pizza and garlic knots were extremely good tasting and I liked the flavor they had. Thin crust and nice sauce, not sweet but just right. While I would like to say I would be back soon, I don't think I feel like waiting another hour for a pizza.
5	One of the best pizza places I have been to in a long time and this is coming from a transplanted New Yorker.  The decor was great felt like being on the streets of the city and the staff was very friendly and worked like a well oiled machine!  They were very nice and came around to ask how we were doing and how the food was.  We ordered a Wall Street with a pitcher of pumpkin harvest beer.  It was very good.  The pizza was cooked perfectly, perfectly seasoned and you got a great mix of all the flavors that paired very well with each other.  The beer was amazing and had great aroma as well which sent it over the top.  All in all it was a great experience not just a meal!
5	Went to this location today for lunch at 12:30 ordered 6piece honey bbq tradional wings and 2 8" mya pizzas. Wings came out and were delicious. Pizzas came out and I got a different pizza than I ordered. I ordered a Meatball Pizza and got BBQ Chicken.   They offered to make me a meatball and I said that was ok, I like bbq chicken just as much. Then the manager came over and apologized and told me he was going to have a meatball pizza made for me. I told him that it was ok, Ill eat the BBQ Chicken pizza. (For the record I like meatball and bbq chicken pizza equally) He then said he would put it in a togo box and we could take it home. So I caved in and now I get to have pizza for lunch tommorow too. Thank you NYPD for taking care of business. I dont go out to eat often but with great customer service NYPD will keep in the rotation. Pizza came out hot and lots of topping and cheese. (sorry no pics I, wasnt planning on writing a review, it just kinda happened.
