5	This is the best wine and liquor store in Las Vegas by a long shot! Just opened a week ago!A very very large selection of wine, clearly inventoried by grape variety. I spent an hour wandering the aisles! Ended up buying a mixed case of wine at a 10% case discount!The prices are very low, and the staff is friendly and attentive.Finally an alternative to the chokehold that Lee's Liquor has had on Las Vegas!Lee's has a messy and limited inventory, and is guilty of the kind of bad service that comes from an arrogant monopoly. Anyone who likes wine, or collects wine, will have orgasms when they experience this place!
5	This has to be my new favorite store. I felt like a kid in a candy store.  I've never seen such a nice selection of wine at prices that beat both Costco and Trader Joes for the same label.  And I agree with the other reviewers,  ithe wine and other spirits are neatly arranged and organized.  The wine is sorted by region and grape variety.Although, they did not carry all my favorites, I'm still impressed with their inventory and I like how they put up "Staff Favorites". There are several wine tasting stations throughout the store.  It looks like they have plans to hold wine classes.  This place just opened recently, and I was informed that this coming Wednesday is their ribbon cutting ceremony with loads of free wine tasting and coupons all week.  My two criticisms are 1. I have to buy 12 bottles of wine to get 10% off.  That's quite a bit of wine for one purchase, at least for me.  Other places I have been to usually require 6 bottles only. 2. I see wine tasting bars, but no wine tasting.  I went after dinner- so not really at an odd time.  I think by having little freebies, I'm more apt to spend more time in the store and buy more wine!  I still gave it 5 stars because of what they offer and these concerns aren't that big of a deal to me.
5	I'm a fan since they have these in Cali. This location is nicely located and good store layout. Pleasant as they had live music playing and wine tasting (dont know if they do that all the time- I was there during a weekend..maybe special event?).Wine selection of course is King and second is liquor and last is beer. A few I havent seen at Lees, but most craft and imports are the same. Am not surprised as distribution of beers is a political racket and it's hard to get good beers to the shelf. Still, not bad. Nice selection of single and big bottles. I like that they organize and label choices with basic flavor and style descriptions and 100 scale ratings on beers, not just a plain pricetag. Also unlike Lee's where I run into mostly frat boys grabbing cases of Natty Ice and some Keystones , we ran into a "beer advocate" here who chimed in that the La Fin Du Monde was the best Unibroue  beer since I was having trouble on my selection and just talked beers and aging and about Aces& Ales bar. It was awesome to meet someone in the normally lonely craft brew aisle. I'm not a beer snob by all means, drink what you like (just don't make claims like Bud Light is "real beer" to me and superior cuz you'll look like an ass), but it is a lonely but very tasty hobby. Seems like this location and environment invites some  beer drinkers. One plus is that it seemed on select items, I noticed it was cheaper than Lee's. Every little bit of savings is always great specially when I'm buying a $14 four pack on a regular basis (its about $12 here).I find the checkout aisles funny with each having a lit number and take out your IDs and we prosecute minors on every lit sign. Good that they ID but man they made me feel awkward. She looked at my ID and gave it back after writing my birthdate on a paper and I place it back in my purse. Then goes "you are 21 right?" I just gave her a strange look, "you want my ID again?" So I hand her my ID again and she showed it to her manager to look over. Eerrr, okay. Dont know what that was about.Definitely going to keep on coming as this is better store in Vegas, but out of all the Total Wine&More stores, I LOVE the Rancho Cucamonga location and the staff there rocks.
5	I became a fan of Total Wine last year when I was visiting my family in Arizona... my girlfriend and sister were at a movie (Twilight or something, so of course I opted out) and I had 2 hours to kill.  Spent half of it at Total Wine being wowed by the selection and prices.  That day I left with a 6-pack of microbrew raspberry beer and a bottle of absinthe.I was also absolutely stoked that my favorite wine, Tobin James Notorious, was in stock and for sale for like $16.  The only place I could find it before was at Marche Bacchus, and it was $21 there.  I had been planning to make trips to AZ just to pick up a couple bottles, but now there's a Total Wine in my backyard so I don't have to.The staff at the Summerlin location are just as helpful and friendly as the ones in Arizona.  An employee stopped us and asked us if there was anything we needed help with.  We were there to replace a bottle of tequila, and he recommended a cheaper brand that apparently got rave reviews.  We stuck with the brand we were replacing (for a friend), but his knowledge and helpfulness show you what kind of a place you're dealing with.He also told us to sign up on their mailing list to get info on their weekly wine tastings, but I haven't gotten emailed just yet.  Guess I'll have to stop by tomorrow and see if they're running them.
5	The funny thing about this place is that it left an impression on me not during my first visit, but during my *friend's* first visit.  I was out having dinner and I got a call from my buddy; being in the middle of a meal, I let it go to voicemail.  After dinner I gave him a call back and he told me about this amazing new liquor store called Total Wine.  I believe it was only the second day Total Wine had been open.  While telling me about his experience he said, "Dude, there are people here in the store amazed and on the phone telling other people how amazed they are.  Just like I'm doing with you now!"  After the brief conversation I knew I had to visit this place soon.A few days later I made my way to Total Wine.  He was not kidding about the place being amazing; it had both the selection AND prices for me to decide that I'm probably not going to visit another Lee's Liquor for a while.  As the name implies, and as other reviews have pointed out, Wine is the big deal here.  I'm not much of a wine drinker; I've enjoyed ice wine the most out of everything I've tried, but those bottles run $70 plus for not-so-much wine.  Beer is not my thing either; but they have a lovely selection that has my friends drooling over every time we visit.  No, my drink of choice is bourbon, and they have quite the bourbon selection.  Not only that, bottles ranged from $5 to $15 cheaper than Lee's!  I can get a 1.75L bottle of Maker's Mark for $32!  Usually the 750 runs $25 or so.Outside of the great selection and prices that the other reviews have described, the other great thing about this place is the tastings and events that they have.  I signed up for their mailing list during my first visit, and I've received a few coupons on wine along with details on upcoming events.  I'm not sure if it's a weekly thing, but so far it seems that during the weekends they have free tastings in the mid to late afternoons.  The tasting I've been to had samples of not just wines, but also beers and tequila's.One other nice thing is that there is a humidor with (what I think is) a good selection of cigars.  I'm not really a cigar smoker so I can't comment on the quality of brands/selection, but it should be pointed out.  You can get a couple cigars, a bottle of whisk(e)y, and you're ready for a good night.When selecting a 5-star review on Yelp, there's a little blurb that says "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!"  That's pretty much what was running through my mind the first time I stepped into the store; it has also continued to run through my mind during each visit since.
5	Great selection, huge space, all the bar acoutrements you could ever think of. Not just wine should be their name, as they also sell beer, and liquor.They also have an intetesting soda collection in the way back, if you happen to bring a non drinker on a shopping trip there.Only one thing could make this better and that would be a deli counter with pate and cheese's to choose from.
5	As if another five star review mattered, but this is basically Costco for adult beverages, without having to buy a membership and in many cases even cheaper. The selection is overwhelming and prices fall between fair and crazy cheap. Even Costco can't beat their price on Belvedere vodka and Bombay Sapphire gin. And don't get me started on the wine. Look, if they don't have it, it probably doesn't exist. This place is clean, beautifully laid out, and open late. What more can you ask for? Not much.
5	Wow! This store is just what Las Vegas needed! It is a wine drinker's paradise! My husband and I stopped by on a Sunday afternoon just to take a peek and we were in the store for over an hour! So watch out - it is addicting! This humungous wine, beer and liquor superstore has one of the best selections I have ever seen. As a wine lover, it is really difficult to find small production wines anywhere but California. I was ooh-ing and aah-ing at all of the rare labels and tiny wines here! The Zinfandel and Malbec selection is phenomenal, and lots of little known, smaller wineries' products are carried. There's even a section of wines from the Finger Lakes region of New York state! I kept finding little gems among the vast wine racks of wines that I love but have NEVER seen outside of Napa Valley or Sonoma (Heitz Gringolino Port being the rarest one that comes to mind). The store was also extremely well stocked, with mounds of bottles and nice shelf tasting notes / descriptions below the bottles. The wines are laid out by varietal and region, so it is fun to browse (I enjoy stores laid out this way because it's easy if you know you are looking for a Merlot or a Pinot Grigio). I also like that the more expensive cellar-worthy wines are kept in a proper temperature-controlled cellar (Petrus: $1,799.99). Total Wine has a fantastic selection of champagne and sparkling wine, too! The store has everything to please the most frugal of customers to the most experienced of collectors. The store is very well laid out and it is easy to find what you're looking for. The staff was VERY knowledgeable not only to the location of products in the store, but about wine in general. The employees were professionally dressed and handled themselves at such (they weren't surly and borderline scary like the employees at Lee's). This is a place a single woman can shop alone and feel safe and at ease (again, no deadbeats drinking out of paper bags in the parking lot - yeah Lee's, I'm talking to you). I was impressed when I heard one customer ask an employee about a $3 bottle of white zinfandel and then another ask him about a $350 bottle of French Bordeaux. And he treated them both with the same respect (no judging or snobbery here). Beers from ALL OVER can be found here as well - including fun, "novelty" labels that would make great gifts! I can't speak for the liquor selection since I don't know much about it, but that section looked huge and well laid out too. The store also has a classroom in the back for wine education seminars and a really nice climate-controlled cigar humidor. The store was also well-stocked in loads of accessories, gifts and liquor mixes. There's also a well-stocked section of beer and wine friendly snacks (nuts, chips, crackers) so you can pick up everything for an impromptu party.The prices were very good and in some cases exceptional. You have to know your wine prices before shopping here, though. Some items were an absolute bargain, while others were a bit overpriced (by a bit, I mean by $5 - $6). Surprisingly, on most of the collector wines as well as the everyday drinking wines, the prices were extremely competitive. The prices were much lower than Khoury's and Lee's, and in some cases even cheaper than at Sam's Club / Costco, and the selection was phenomenal. The store policy is that they will beat any price in town, so get your local ads ready!  It's worth the drive out to Summerlin no matter where you live in the valley.The store also has lots of complimentary tastings. We were there on a Sunday afternoon and they were tasting 16 (yes, SIXTEEN) different wines! Since the store is in Summerlin, there were quite a few faux-sophisticate soccer moms monopolizing the tasting area. But if you can just ignore the folks who think that a wine glass in hand automatically equals an unparalled worldly wisdom, you'll do just fine!I know it's been said, but this store is beyond compare with the previous local powerhouse, Lee's Discount Liquor. It is truly in another league! I keep hearing stories from a friend of a friend of a friend who went to Total Wine and loved it - the word of mouth on this place is AMAZING and is MUCH DESERVED. I think as the months go on, more and more 'upscale' customers will be moving on to Total Wine and away from Lee's. As with many others I have talked to, I will never set foot in a Lee's again. Why would I waste my time with rude and curt service and employees when I can go to Total Wine and be treated like a superstar?
4	I wish I didn't have a wine store in TX (spec's) that is 1000x better to compare this place to. Yes, for Vegas this place is fabulous. As a Texas transplant I was really disappointed when I rolled up into this place. First, I think the name for me was a misnomer. I was extremely pleased by the beer selection but disappointed by the wine. I went there to stock up on wine and walked up with 8 6 packs of beer. Their beer selection is truly remarkable and priced VERY well. So happy with all the beer !!!I like smaller family type wineries. I keep a running list of all the wines I enjoy and I love trying to hunt them down. I love Italian wines and wine from Napa the best. The wine selection here from the more independent sort of places was awful. At Spec's (in TX) they really pride themselves in going out to the tiny wineries and finding cool, more limited stuff. I'm always able to find something great there. At Total Wine I came in armed with a list of TWENTY wines that I've found regularly both in TX and in restaurants here (ie the distribution can't be all that limited!) and none were available at Total Wine. The Napa section was just a huge grocery store assortment (Robert mondavi, beringer, SIGH!). They had some of the big pricey names (Silver Oak), but that isn't terribly exciting from my perspective either. While they have a lot of wine, I'd love if they carried some cooler stuff. Stuff you find in restaurants, stuff you find in Napa, not just a expanded selection of Grocery store wines!! If you love indepndent family owned type of wineries you won't find them here.I'll make the drive to Summerlin every few months to restock my beer/liquor collection but it's certainly not worth the drive for the wine for me.
5	It's easy to see why Total Wine has become the best place to go for all your alcohol needs in Vegas. As the name suggests they have a huge selection of wine but it doesn't stop there. They also have a large selection of beers, liquors, mixers, and just about anything else you would need to drink your purchases. They also have some of the lowest prices in the valley, tasting on the weekends, a helpful and knowledgable staff, a keg room, a humidifier, and wine classes. There's no place that can compare with Total Wine, it makes you feel like a kid in a candy store.Total Wine is huge! I could try and describe the size of this place but in order to get a sense of how big it really is you need to go in person, but I warn you, don't expect to come out empty handed. I'm sorry Lee's but there's a new big kid in town.
4	I feel bad giving Total Wine & More only 4 stars, but I am sure by the end of the review, I will feel way better...okay, I already do.So while on my way home from a conference in Summerlin (it is seriously like another world), I made the stop at Total. I've read the reviews, been on the website, looked over the "menu". And flat out, this review is wholly based upon beer. I like wine, I like liquor, but those things won't get me to drive over 5 minutes to my closest Lee's. Beer will get me to drive all over town, or in some cases to another state. With that in mind, Total's beer selection review - Ken M. has it right on that they have a way larger selection on the shelf than anyone else in town. Their refrigerated section is beat by Sunflower, so if you are looking for a craft or micro to take cold to a party, don't come here. The first thing that I noticed about the beer section was the organization. It was really nice, easy to find stuff. My only complaint was the height of the all of of the racks around...it was a little overwhelming. The second thing I noticed...there were a few different American breweries that Total carries that I've not seen regularly at Lee's...this is awesome, but it wasn't substantial. However, the depth of what Total carries from breweries has Lee's beat hands down. I saw 6's of what I normally can get only in variety packs at Lee's (i.e. Big Sky Brewing Co and Squatters). Third, while walking around, I silently wished to myself that I liked international beers more...Total has a ridiculous selection of beers from  throughout Europe and Asia. That was pretty amazing...and you can get individual bottles/cans of these to try. Fourth, there was a pretty decent selection of 22oz crafts. This is good to know, and may get me to come back. Finally, I was disappointed with the individual selections for American crafts and micros. They was an okay selection, but noting their selection of individual internationals, I was really hoping for more. I did like that this selection included some of the Limited Editions (i.e. from Kona and Full Sail). The staff was friendly and the service was quick, and if I would have had more time, I would have partaken in some of the sampling of wine and liquor that was taking place...maybe next time I venture into the other world known as Summerlin.
5	This warehouse sized store has almost every wine, beer, or liquor you could want and the prices are fantastic.
5	Fact: BevMo is nothing compared to Total Wine. I'm sad because for the past several years of my life, I've assumed that BevMo was the best liquor store. Ever. Moving to Vegas opened my eyes.Total Wine is the Bentley of liquor stores. BevMo? A Chevrolet. The moment you walk in, you are given a giant alcoholic hug from all the awesome bottles of wine, beer and hard liquor. The store is very easy to navigate.My favorite things about this store vs. the competition (including Lee's)--The beer selection is beyond fantastic. Look for some craft beer. Maybe some Dogfish Head or Stone. --The wine selection is great, and the staff knows what they are talking about. --The liquor selection is amazing. And complete. --Many of their vendors come in and host tastings. Not just on Friday nights, but on many days through the week, they'll have beer, wine and liquor tastings. It's pretty amazing because you can speak with people who know what they are talking about...not just some promo girl for a beer that tastes like club soda.--The staff. THE staff. THE STAFF. They know their stuff! Tell them about the foods you are preparing for your next party. They'll be storming up some matches as you are talking to them. OR....Tell them what kind of party you are having, and the crowd that is coming in. You'll get the best recommendations for their products.Nutshell? Don't waste your time at any other liquor store. It's worth the drive if you live far away. Just stock up :)
5	Totally awesome is more like it!  This place is like the enchanted forest for alcoholics.  It almost is like taking a Sam's Club or Costco and just selling liquor, beer, wine, etc.  The store is borderline overwhelming in booze alike.  The staff was another great part of my experience at Total wine.  I find whenever I go into Lee's that its hard to get someone to help, but at Total Wine the staff had solid recommendations and wasn't pushy at all.  The pricing was as competitive as the selection.  Move over Mr. Lee you may have some competition in town.
5	Lee's has officially been removed from the  amazing booze store totem pole top!!  This place has EVERYTHING I needed and even more that I ddin't know I needed till I found it in the shelf!  And good news- it's cheaper than Lee's!!  I live in Cali and ALWAYS stop to re-stock my booze cabinet before heading home- and now it's a one stop shop-- Total Wine!!
5	Holy Alcoholic Paradise!!This place is amazingggggg!  It's seriously the only place I will go to buy wine or any alcoholic beverage now.  They have great customer service there to help you find anything you want.You can buy single beers and make your own 6-pack.  You can custom order any type of keg that you want.  You can go to wine tasting from 12-6 on Saturday's.  You can go to a Wine class with wine tastings.  You can go through rows and rows of adult beverages without feeling rushed.They have a free book of wine that you can take.  Its HUGE and talks about the regions of wine and all types of wine.  They have every mixer (agave nectar anyone?) and everything you need to make your favorite drink.  They have cigars too!They have great things to store your wine in for your house.They have thought of everything for this place.  We walked out with a bottle of scotch and a custom made 6-pack.  I can't believe we didn't buy any wine!  Next time for sure!
5	This place is nothing short of spectacular, I was introduced to the retailer in Tampa, five years ago.  I love the fact that they sample their wines and liquors during the weekend, it's a great way to get educated.  In addition to the phenomenal selection, their prices are like Wal Mart on steroids and the staff is very knowledgeable.Total Wines is to adults like Disney Land is to kids.
3	Ok, so I thought I would check this place out since it has all the buzz lately.  Now, the wine selection is insane.  I've never seen so much wine in one spot before.  However, as much as I like wine, I am more of a craft beer person.  Their craft beer selection was not bad at all.  They had a lot of great American beers, from Stone, to Dogfish Head, to Rogue.  I saw some beers there that I haven't seen offered before.  The thing is, none of these beers were refrigerated.  This is a huge no-no in my book.  Beer should always almost always be stored in a 50-55 degrees area, not out on a shelf next to the wine and spirits.  This store does have a refrigerated area, but it is quite small in comparison to the rest of the building.  It was really quite pathetic.  There were two columns for "craft beers", which is about as much as you would find at any large liquor store in town.  They really only had the basics in here, as far as craft beers go.  Other large liquor stores have much more interesting beers in their fridges. I was a little disappointed with the beer selection and the shelf storage they have chosen for beer.  Perhaps the short shelf lifespan that they predict for their beer won't ruin most of the beers they have sitting out on the shelf, unrefrigerated... but I am not going to take my chances.  I'll be shopping here for wine, but for beer forget it.
5	This place is awesome! I live on the southwest side of town. Ever since Khoureys liquor closed, Lees has not stocked it's store on Flamingo. Out of rage I went looking for another liquor store. I will never go anywhere else beside Total Wine for my alcohol needs. HUGE selection of wine and spirits. Great selection of craft beer. You can buy a case (24 pack) of Dog Fish Head here!! Many beers I have never seen at Lees. Customer service is also excellent. Thank you for being awesome, Total Wine.
5	A relative newcomer to town, Total Wine is IMHO the new standard bearer. The interior is bright and spacious. They have a larger selection, and generally better prices than Lee's or Khoury's. For example, my favorite blueberry sparkling sake, Star Rabbit, is $7.99 here vs $9.99 at Lee's. Khoury's doesn't even carry it. Unlike its competition, the employees are dressed to impress. They are also friendly, knowledgeable, and available to help you find whatever you're looking for. Some have knocked this place for a relatively small refrigerated section for craft beers. Now I enjoy a nice lambic every once in awhile, but I am not a beer enthusiast by any stretch so that is not an issue for me. As far as I'm concerned, when it comes down to price and selection, this is the only place to go.
2	This place has a few superlatives going for it. It's got a great selection. The prices seem pretty darn good too. And while those two things go far in my book, it's one last superlative that really gets under my skin:The customer service is atrocious. I think because the workers know that people will always love imbibing alcohol, and that they have a great selection, then they don't have to actually work more than necessary and certainly not have to care about customer service at all. I find it odd that many of the floor workers didn't make any eye contact. I prefer to shop alone until I'm ready but when I am, I'd like to be able to find someone easily. It seemed that when I was there, the only one who had help was the lady who had a large party that required cases and cases. And don't even get me started with the cashiers. A skinny blonde woman was snooty  and short with me when I asked about buying a wine crate. Sorry. Did I bother her by asking her to do her job? And the cashiers closed and opened registers at will as if there were no customers waiting. Maybe her blood sugar was getting low and she was in danger of actually avoiding diabetes. No ma'am, please take that Twinkie break lest you fall below the obese categorization. I guess people will always need to get their drink on. But I'm sure this place could find people who actually know how to provide customer service. I mean if BevMo! can do better, why can't TWM? I guess I should only come there drunk so I won't care about the zombies collecting a paycheck.
5	Great selection and amazing prices.  Very friendly staff.  Weekend wine and spirits tasting makes it a fun atmosphere too... Beats Lee's hands down...
3	The selection is truly remarkable, the prices are good, and the staff is very helpful. I spoke with an employee recently who was not as knowledgable about South American wines as I thought he should have been.  But I was very impressed with his knowledge of European and North American wines.  I come here when it's time to stock up on wine.
4	I've always missed having a BevMo in the Vegas area. But Total Wine & More is like BevMo x10. The selection is almost overwhelming and the prices make it affordable to try new things. They even offer different samples so you can discover something new.And the best thing was that I found the beer I fell in love with in New Orleans here. I had looked just about everywhere else in the Vegas area and never found it.
5	This place is unbelievable. If they don't have it, it probably isn't available. Their selection of wine and beer and everything in between is nothing short of overwhelming. The staff is very helpful in assisting you in making selections. I was also intrigued when I saw that they had a humidor, since I am fond of cigars. Unlike most similar places who have a small selection of overpriced cigars just to say that they carry them, Total Wine and More has a large selection of cigars at decent prices.
5	Love love love. Used to love Lee's but now I'm cheating on him with Total Wine. This place is da bomb. Cheapest prices in town hands down. If you are having a party this is the place to stock up. They have everything you could be looking for. I love how the wines are divided up and I like to choose the staff picks. You're going to need a cart so just grab one when you come in the door. They have free samples on weekends and also have classes which you can take. Definitely feel like a kid in a candy store when I am in there. There isn't one near my house, so I wouldn't come here just to pick up or two things, but if you're in the area and might need something then stop in and buy. And remember, there's nothing wrong with drinking alone :)
3	Big selection of wines, but I'm constantly disappointed by their austrian and german selections. Staff can be somewhat helpful if you're a beginner, but I find that their knowledge is relatively shallow - for instance I spoke with a wine consultant that didn't know Oregon produced chardonnay.
4	The absolute biggest liquor store I've ever seen. I'm not enough of a connoisseur to fully appreciate their wine inventory, but I think it's safe to say you can find something you like at a price you can agree with.I recently called them to check if they carried Johhnie Walker Blue Label. The person on the phone said they did and that it was $125. Whoah. Prior to that, the cheapest I had found it online was $140 in a California store ($160 with shipping). Alas, I didn't visit the store right away and they ended up selling out, but they put in an order for me. They just called me today to say it's in. One other sales associate said they don't do rain checks, but Mike on the phone told me I could get the bottle for the $125 price tag (it is now priced at $150).I've also checked out their beer section. It is dwarfed by the rest of the store, but it is no slouch either. I was specifically looking for Framboise Lambic and easily found the 22oz bottles of that. I'm fairly new to craft beers, but their prices on the ones I recognized seem to be extremely competitive. I wouldn't drive all the way up here just for some beer, but it's good to know when I'm in the area.Competition is a good thing. And we definitely have that now with Total Wine.
5	Biggest selection I've ever seen. It's like the Costco for alcohol. Brought my friend in who'd never been in before and he was amazed. They also have a humidor for cigar purchases. CHEAP prices, much cheaper than our prices here in Washington. I wish we had one here.
4	this place is great. there is a LOT of alcohol to pick and choose from. came here with some friends in search of a flask. i was a bit disappointed to find that their selection of flasks was very limited and expensive. i do like that they offer samples of some of the alcohol that they might be promoting...we got to try Is Vodka (pronounced "ice"), really good, really smooth. there were some pretty good prices on alcohol, we didn't purchase any though. maybe next time!
5	I have lived in Vegas all my life. And as a drinker, Lee's Discount Liquor has been a staple for alcohol shopping.But, now that Total Wine has come to town, it is top choice. Better prices, better selection, better service. Deposits on kegs & taps are far cheaper than Lee's, prices of kegs are far cheaper, and hard liquor prices here are unbelievable. Definitely worth the slightly longer jaunt from home.
5	I am always up for trying new things, especially wine!First time I walked into this store, the selection puts you in awe. Seeing all the alcohol made me want to start my own bar haha!I will say this now, if you are into beer, the selection is pretty good, but don't go in expecting to see many brands at your finger tips.  This store is known for its wide selection of wines as well as hard alcohol.  The best thing also:  the price!  A lot of the alcohol is sold at discounted prices as well, making your tonight's party better and cheaper.Don't know what you want?  Stop by on the weekends.  Every week, the store brings out about four wines for tasting from 12-6 on Fri and Sat and 12-4 on Sun.  It's a great way to experiment new tastes without going through too much hassle.
4	I had to stop by and check it out, I'm not much of a drinker these days, but browsing the aisles made me want to have a few. It was like a warehouse full of booze , every type you can think of they probably got. I buy wine and liquer to cook so i checked out some prices and they seemed very reasonable , i know where to stop now to pick up my booze .  Lot's of parking also so yes i'm a fan
5	I've been curious about Total Wine for a long time.  I happened to be in the area meeting a friend for lunch at Kona Grill, so I stopped in here for a few minutes to look for a hard to find Tequila.  I was browsing the aisles when a very friendly employee, Annett, approached me to help me out.  I told her what I was looking for (Centinela Tres Anos Tequila).She said they didn't carry it and couldn't special order it.  However, she suggested that I contact the manufacturer to see if they can distribute it to Nevada.  If they could, they would order it for me.  I was very impressed by her level of customer service.Wandering the aisles, I couldn't help but feel like this was an upscale version of Lee's.  However, the prices were pretty comparable.  I'll have to come back when I'm shopping for Wine.Return Factor - 100%
5	Great overall selection
5	Amazing! This must be what Charlie felt like entering the Chocolate factory if he was drunk.. But seriously I have never in my life seen so much variety in alchohol! I probably appreciate it more than others because I come from state where Liquor is distributed by the state and priced by the state (WA). So, when you go from 7-11 size places and then go to a large grocery store size it is overwhelming. They have everything and the prices are better than Lee's in some cases. They also have tasting and classes that I have not attended but look interesting.
5	No one really has touched based on the CLASSES! They're pretty entertaining, you get a heavy pour of several drinks at a price that cost you probably the price of one of those drinks at a bar. There are classes just about every Thursday that is covered by TW&M employees. These are usually themed classes on beer or wine with a few spirit classes. On Sat/Sun are some special classes taught my visiting beverage masters. THe BF and I attended Whiskey Class for $15 by Tom Turner, Master of Whisk(e)y (what a job title, eh?). We got to try:Bulleit BourbonCrown Royal Black Canadian WhiskyJohnnie Walker Green Label (originally supposed to be JW Gold Label)Cardhu 12 yr Single Malt ScotchCoal Ila 12 year (originally supposed to be Bushmills Black Bush Irish WhiskeyHe talks about what defines a whiskey, how each type of whiskey is made, stories about each brand and a bit about the different other whiskeys each brand had, random stories from his life. It actually was entertaining since he was very animated in how he lectured. It's a tasting but with 6 things over 80 proof, you can get heavy buzzing. There's a spit bucket if you need, but I drank almost everything and walked around the store with the green label since I got 1/3 of my glass filled with that. We ended up getting one of his suggestions on getting a Bushmills  10 year (green) over the Bushmills Black Bush since it pairs well for sipping with a IPA. I learned a way to combine two beverage loves so I'm ecstatic to try different combinations!  I think it's good to learn and appreciate the love and art of crafting beverages, at the very least, you can get your drank on.
5	This place is awesome. It is the Costco of booze stores. We went in for one mini keg and came out with a cart full of goodies. This place has the best prices I have ever seen in the states.
5	It was love at first sight when I walked into this store.  It has an amazing selection of wine, spirits, mixers, etc.  The prices are great and I've never had a negative customer service experience.I've been able to fine a lot of wines that I otherwise cannot find in Las Vegas stores, which, of course, makes me very happy.  My boyfriend is enamored with the walk in cigar humidor.I highly recommend checking this place out!  I would love to try the classes too.
4	Great selection of everything! Especially the beer.Great prices too! This is definitely the Disneyland of wine and spirits! I love that they offer so many tiny bottles and smaller bottles of things because sometimes you just don't need a whole bottle of somethingOther users have commented on the helpful staff, I don't know about that. Well they are courteous and helpful, but I don't know about knowledgeable. I had to explain to someone what a jigger was.
5	Love Total Wine. Best booze selection I've ever seen. The wine options are a bit confusing because I don't know wine very well. The beer selections are phenomenal. I always spend more than I expect or want to but I always leave happy!
5	Best "liquor store" AKA liquor warehouse I've ever been too.  You will find things you've never even heard of!!  They have sections of different types of alcohol, and wines from different countries... The way they section the store is very helpful and really cool.  Quit shopping at Lee's, this place is amazing!  I could spend hours in here.. and the staff is always friendly and EXTREMELY knowledgeable on anything you need to know.  Just describe what you're looking for and they will lead you to it.  My favorite part is that they put their name with their picture on all their recommendations in the store, so if you find someone your alcoholic palate mingles with then you can try out their different suggestions!  They even offer wine classes, they have their own little classroom in the store!  ANDDD the best part is... they have FREE tastings every weekend!!!  Different liquor companies (not just wineries) come out and promote their products.  I've bought different types of wines, beers and vodkas just because of the tastings.  It's the best... try it out, you won't regret it!!
5	I am a little addicted to wine- well you can kind of say its my new found love. I use to think wine was disgusting but like anything it is an acquired taste, and I have totally acquired it. My girlfriends have been talking about this place forever. As as all wine-o's know ... wine can be expensive, especially when your drinking more than 2-4 bottles a week. ( Not saying that I do, but maybe occasionally ;) ) My boyfriend and I decided to go on a Saturday- which was perfect. As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a free tasting of rum. Then the next stop was off to a tasting of vodka. Nothing like a shot at 12 in the afternoon... I might add. My favorite part was a wine tasting of 10 different bottles from France. Once we were done getting our afternoon buzz, we took a shopping cart and searched around for the different sections. I mainly stayed within the $5-$7 bottle range. I loved reading about the different ingredients and where the wines were made. My favorite wines are Cabernet, Chardonnay and Pinot. We purchased 12 bottles of wine, received a 10% discount and I honestly think we only spent $60-$70 I was amazed, at how low the prices were, and how informative the staff was. I will not buy my wine from anywhere else but here. Where else could I go on a Saturday afternoon for 2 hours...?
4	This is such a great store! They have an awesome selection of wines, beers, and spirits and the store is neatly organized and best of the prices are very comparable to stores like Costco.
5	So much liquor, so little time.I can never leave this place without buying something.Staff is awesome. Love the tastings and classes they offer.I actually stopped at Lee's because its closer to home...I left empty handed and headed to Total Wine, they had what I wanted and it was cheaper.
5	Total Wine and More is like an adult version of Toys r Us!! There are other liquor stores in Las Vegas that have large wine amounts of wine available, but the selection of quality wines at Total Wine is unsurpassed. My wife and I take a lot of wine trips to northern and central California and always lamented the fact that so many of the great wines we tasted weren't available in Las Vegas. Total Wine changed that by making wines available that are produced by some of the small wineries we would visit.  The staff at Total Wine is also easily the most knowledgeable we've found. As wine drinkers we appreciate being helped by wine drinkers who can make educated suggestions about new things we may want to try. Between the wines that the employees have suggested and those on Total Wine's top 10 lists, we've never had a bad bottle. The tastings Total Wine puts on are also top shelf. Pourers are always very familiar with what they are pouring and oftentimes the pourers are either distributors or even owners of the wineries. You don't get that kind of expertise every day!  The selection of beer and spirits is also great and the shelves are always well stocked. Kegs and half kegs are available and not just in the low cost domestic brands that competitors have in stock. There are also beer and spirit tastings on a regular basis.  If you aren't shopping for wine at Total Wine and More you are truly missing the boat!
5	I'll keep this one short and sweet.. .BOOZE BOOZE AND wait for it.. MORE BOOZE at really great prices.  They have such an extensive collection of anything you can think of.  They have cigars, but we did not check out the walk in humidor.  The staff is AMAZING, and it's so easy to shop in here.  Hennesy was less expensive here than Costco.. : )
5	Great selection on wines and alot of exotic beers which is great ... Staff could have been easier to access but all in all great place!!
4	This place is amazing on its selection alone...simply mind blowing.The selection of the BEER here is my main concern as I drink wine and quite enjoy it, but a connoisseur I definitely am not. I love how helpful the staff is with any question and the fact that I can always try something new when I walk in their doors....which is much more difficult than most would think.Would be 5 stars but Lee's has em beat on prices alot of the time.
4	Great location and one of the best beer selections in Las Vegas.
5	Best Beer selection you will find in town!!!Beer lovers paradise!
5	Massive Selection of drinks designed to ruin your abilities to reason! I came across Red Horse Beer, which I havn't seen since my trips overseas. My friend also at the same moment came across Estrella Damm, which is not easy to find. There wine selection is diverse and abundant. (They shelf my concorde grape wines)! For such a large place, much is easy to find, and the rows are labeled to assist in your search. The staff is friendly, and the environment is clean. Lastly, the booze chilling machines they have are awesome! These neat gizmos allow you to take home your purchase cold in a matter of minutes to experience immediate inebriation! 5 Stars! Would give 6 if I could for shelving my concorde grape wine and Youngs Chocolate Beer in abundance: )
5	I'm trying to figure out a way to describe this place other than the Costco of Wine.. but it's SO appropriate!  While they have an incredible amount of choices, not all wines are represented here.. a couple of my favorites were noticably missing.  However, I found a lot of new ones to try, and the staff there is amazingly helpful.
5	I'm not much of a wine drinker, but decided to come here for their wine tasting one weekend to figure out if theres a wine I like. They had many different selections for their wine tasting event and they even had beer and gin to taste as well. It definitely helped me rule out the wine that i dont like, and gave me some sort of direction as to what kind of wine I like. So far... Moscato wine seems to be my fav! On another note... this place is HUGE!! Wine from all over the world, beer, liquor, you name it... they have it! They were all really organized as well and their staff were so friendly and helpful. I cant wait to come here again for another wine tasting and hopefully discover another wine that i can tolerate :)
3	Typical Total Wine.  Happy they carried the new Johnnie Walker Double Black and I was able to get a couple bottles.
5	This is a hugh store full of spirits, drinking kind of course.  I have seen some mega liquor stores growing up in Texas, however, this is right up there with the best of them.  There are rows of wines of all kinds with prices ranging from the inexpensive to the most expensive.  They come from local to far and many winery's I have never heard of.  There is at least one always in store with samples available.Then if you are looking for drink mix, there are many to choose from.  There are rows of liquors and plenty of beers, both domestic and foreign.  The "hard stuff", ranges in prices from top shelf to the lower end of the spectrum, prices seem reasonable.  There are gift items and even a small selection of cigars.  This seems like a good place to browse for that everyday booze items to that one of a kind gift item.  Must stop in and check out.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE. I was a Lee's Liquor fan - but since the first time I shopped at Total Wine, I've been a fan. The place is huge and offers more of a selection than Lee's does. And the prices seem to be a bit better here as well. I love being able to try new beers, and Total Wine gives me an outlet to do that. They have a whole aisle of single beers that you can buy. This is the best selection of single beers I have seen in Las Vegas. Hopefully, I will be able to try every single beer that they have in there. I have the book 1000 Beers To Try Before You Die - and I know Total Wine probably has the selection to help me knock some of those off of the list.
4	This store is excellent. Don't get me wrong I still like Lee's Liquor but this place is huge, and set up a lot like Bevmo (california). I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for off the wall beer/liquor. Excellent customer service too.
5	Delightful place to buy good alcohol.  Closest Nevada equivalent of BevMo.
5	I know I know, I'm a total late bloomer. I after passing this place so many times for so long, and not ever taking the time to go in, I finally went inside. By accident because Lee's was closed. Oh the selection of ALES and WNE! It was endless and the price range varies to affordable to primo rated wine. I wish I had more time to wander around, but I was so glad to find various choices of cab and moscado. I decided on my moscado then, but when I finally chose the type of wine, I sunk into a deeper hole trying to decide on a brand. Thats when it hit me, it's time to take a wine class. I can't be a straggler with all these Vegas wine enthusiasts can I? I'll be back for more, and will probably stop by for their tastings.
5	I love love love Total Wine and more!!!!!!They have such a great selection on my fav sweet red wine and pino noir.Plus my Boyfriend is a total i say again TOTAL beer snob! I say that in a good way.He is like a kid in a candy store when we go there. I plan for at least 30 mins in the beer aisle when he is with me.  The staff is great sometimes even funny! And i love that they have a chiller in the store so i dont have to wait to drink my wine *at home not in the car* (;Plus plus plus subscribe to their mailing list and they will send you coupons in your email that you can show the cashier right on your phone *assuming you have a smart phone!* :)Total wine rocks my world!!!
5	There is nothing negative I can say about this place. The first time I set foot in the store, I was immediately amazed by its size. Their wide selection of beer, wine, and hard liquor is unlike any other liquor store I've been to. One thing I love about Total Wine is the variety of sizes of bottles you can purchase of various alcohols. On multiple occasions, I have found myself buying liquor "families!"I love how wide their selection is. Not only can I count on them to have my favorite liquor in stock, but their selection allows me to venture out to try new hard liquors and wines. I'm big on Rieslings, Moscatos, and flavored sake--the latter I find it hard to come by in many liquor stores (I have to recommend the Hana Lychee Sake for those who may be interested). Their staff seems very knowledgeable on the products and varieties they have and very willing to assist customers with their selections. I do love how they label certain products around the store according to staff selections, popular selections, taste preferences, and more. It definitely helps in the wine selection department for non-wine connoisseurs. One of the coolest amenities that Total Wine has is the cooling barrel it has near the registers. You can purchase your bottle of liquor, place up to two bottles at a time in the barrel, and in seven minutes your bottles will be completely cold. It's AMAZING! Sorry Lee's, Total Wine & More now takes the #1 spot in my go-to liquor store!
5	Whenever I visit Total Wine, I feel awed, amazed, and kind of intimidated. But time and time again, they've proven to have everything you could possibly want or need as it pertains to alcoholic beverages! Mixers, exotic brands, aisles and aisle of wines, beers, tequila, vodka- it goes on and on. The prices are reasonable, the visual appeal of the facility is stunning, and service is very friendly.  On my last visit, I was wandering around looking a bit lost, and an employee came to help me and took me right to the item I sought. Total Wine can't be beaten!
5	It's impossible for me to visit Boca Park without taking a stroll through my candy store.  If the fact that they have a large selection and prices even lower than Lee's wasn't enough reason to shop here, then add their super resourceful and friendly people to the mix.  They are never short of ideas and recommendations to try.  Most days they have free tastings that run until 6pm.  If you decide to purchase any of the tasting wines, they offer $1 off coupons.  If you join their email list, they'll send you $5 off of $50 coupons every 1-2 months.  Their prices for liquor & beer are also some of the lowest you'll find.
5	Huge Selection, the lowest prices in town, and the staff is incredibly helpful!!
5	I love booze! I really do. If I were in charge of things, it would be part of the food pyramid. It would be right on the bottom, directly next to the meat block. Because they're the basis of any proper lifestyle. Alcohol is one of the basic building blocks of life. If you want selection, you come here! If you want great prices, you come here! If you want any bottle of liquor, wine, or beer that you're having a problem finding anywhere else in town, you come here!The inventory is pretty awe-inspiring. Organization among the products is A+. An absolute dummy could come in here, and with the way everything is labeled and set up, they could find what they're looking for with no problem. And if said dummy was having a really bad brain-fart of a day, one of the really helpful staff can certaintely steer them in the right direction, or even give some recommendations to possibly broaden their horizons towards a similar but different product.For any beer fan, you will quickly find yourself in craft and import heaven. Aisles of the stuff! All arranged by style, region, 6-packs, and single bottles. Wanna try a bunch of interesting shit you've never had or heard of? Grab an empty pack and make your own drunkards 6-er! I have found beers that I've only ever read or heard about. Shit, I've found beers that I had no idea existed! It's a good thing and a bad thing that I don't live right down the road from here. It's bad because I have to do a bit of driving to get here and find what I either really want or what I'm ready to try for the first time. It's good because if I did live right there, I'd be in there every day. I'd never work. I'd only leave the house to refill my stock. I'd never see my friends. I'd get sclerosis of the liver. And I wouldn't have written this review.If fact, why are you still reading this?!? Quit reading and start booze shopping!
5	I used to only go to Lee's until I discovered the craft beer selection here. I will start by saying I've graduated to a beer snob and refuse to drink anything made by Bud/coors, you know,the Anheuser-Busch family? to hell with those.I spend a lot of time drinking exotic things and this place seems to have it all-and if it doesn't, it will soon get it.Some of the best beers I've ever had are stocked here, continuously, such as Monk's cafe flemish sour red, Delerium Tremens/Delerium Nocturnum, anything by Unibroue. We seem to make a bi-weekly pilgrimage here to keep the top shelf stocked with delicious-ness.Last time we stopped in, there was a wine tasting. I had a great time! Ended up buying a moscato that lasted maybe an hour between myself and my husband. I had such a good time that day, and the lady was very knowledgable,with her Italian wines. Maybe next time they'll feature french wines!
4	Great variety, helpful staff, regular wine tastings.  What's not to love?  The beer section can be a little disorganized and apparently you have to ask about really special beers, such as 120 Minute IPA, as they keep them in the back.  Plus, a limited selection of refrigerated items. Most of the beers they refrigerated were lame last time I visited.Good place to get those little airplane sized bottles of liquor.  And unique party items, such as paper plates that have a holder for your wine glass.  Check it out!
2	Minus the cold beer section (which most of the time aren't stocked with anything special), there are only two beer aisles to browse which wasn't a good sign...  IMO, selections slim pickins, moderate, and overall disappointing..The only beer I was proud of purchasing was the Cuvee Van De Keizer Rood because I've never seen Total Wine carry it.Overall, Cali locations put this one to shame.
5	What's not to love about Total Wine??  They not only have the best selection of wine and liquor, but their prices can't be beat!  The staff there has an amazing amount of knowledge, especially when it comes to wine pairings.  You can stop anyone and they'll all be able to steer you towards the right wine for your dinner.  Thank you, Total Wine, for coming to town and raising the bar!!
5	I love this place!! They have everything you could ever want to drink and more and the prices are great. Tons of microbrews from all over the country. Excellent!
3	Total Wine is a decent place to go if you are just looking to grab a few quick beers or some wine. Think of it as the walmart of Liquor. That doesnt really mean it is cheaper though. I havent really shopped here in a while as i found a better more personable place.
4	This place has quite a large selection of wines at good prices- enough that a friend of mine who loves wine so much she belongs to a wine club still comes here to pick up a few bottles. I'm not much of a drinker so for me to buy alcohol, it has to be different- something I haven't seen before, or something that looks fun or even odd.  I've found plenty of that here, plus a large selection of single-serving sizes of various spirits- this is good for people like me who don't want to spend on a whole bottle I might end up not liking.  When I start to re-build my home bar for entertaining, I'll definitely come here for some of my supplies!
4	Total Wine is where you'll find all the Housewives of Summerlin and the rich folks, but not because Total Wine represents some social status, but because it has great variety, large selections, and low prices. As a wannabe beer nerd I am happy that Total Wine receives the special releases, and gets a large allotment of it at that case, i.e. New Belgium's Lips of Faith Series, Deschutes specialties, Dogfish, and etc. Why the loss in a star? Well... the beer organization... good lord, Total Wine prides itself in having the largest selection, but it is messier than an over easy egg sandwich and tighter than a boa constrictor's death grip on its prey.  Also several times that I go to Total Wine... I am given the "look" from an employee. The "look" is a nonverbal thought of why is there a 16 year old sneaking into Total Wine, I better follow him. I understand its part of their job to ensure there no have kids inside... but after a few times it gets somewhat annoying.If you're looking for beer you can't find at Lee's or Total Wine try the Whole Foods on Las Vegas Blvd and Khoury's (has 8 taps in store), less selection, but more rarities. Oh... and Total wine your sake selection is laughable.. just saying.
5	The selection is seriously impressive. I'm a girl who likes her beers, and the mix and match 6packs are always a favorite of mine when I'm shopping. I have a lot of work cut out for me :)
4	Warning: Only go to Total Wine if you have a lot of time to kill.The vast selection of qualify products can easily distract you for hours.They do tastings AND classes.The prices are as good as or better than most grocery stores in town.Also, they provide beer and wine literature at the front of the store. I am aware of the competition and like them just as well, but when it's time to stock up on booze, I choose carefully.
5	If you like wine (...and more?) then you have to like Total Wine.  Largest selection in town...best prices...helpful and knowledgeable staff...clean...bright...regular tastings...advanced classes.  There is a lot to love here.They are not just wine either.  TW has one of the best selections of beer and liquor in town as well.  TW even has cigars, mixers, glasses and barware. The only knock I have is that they can only carry brands that have a large enough quantity of supply to maintain a spot on their shelves.  I wish that each store had a little boutique wine section that was constantly rotating so I could spend even more money here.
4	Selection, selection, selection... this place is brimming with all the fixings! From classes to literature to helpful written tidbits from the staff on the shelf about the wine and  "Wine Spectator" ratings, plan to spend plenty of time going thru it all. I usually browse their website before going in to get a firmer grip on what I want. What I like is their large selection of CA wines and their diverse price levels. In the mood for a White patio wine... find plenty at $10 or less. Splurging a fantastic Red... I use the staff, points value and tastings to ramp it up. Sign-up for their club and get e-mails denoting sales and special events. The Chocolate and Wine tasting sounds yummy...a lifestyle...not a liquor store!
3	I don't drink.  I needed a gift to bring to a host of a party to which I'm going.  What better than wine?What do you do when you don't know anything about wine and you don't want to buy "Two buck Chuck?"  Go to Total Wine and be overwhelmed by the massive inventory.Read the descriptions, pick a reasonably priced wine, and quickly pay at the register and voila, you have your gift.It would be a much better experience if I knew what the hell I was doing!
4	This store is so much fun. Seriously, I don't think I've ever had so much fun shopping for beer and wine.  Shoes, handbags, dresses, yes.  I spent an hour perusing the craft beers, didn't even notice until I heard customers laughing and clinking that there was a wine tasting going on.  My friend issued me a challenge:  Can you get out of there for under a $100?  It was a challenge in jest because there is no such store in L.A., so she always stocks up.As we were narrowing down our choices in the cart, a salesperson comes over to ask, May I Help You?  The four most dangerous words in that store.  Instead of helping your pare down your basket, they are making these recommendations.  Their favorites.  The wines with their pictures next to.  They don't just put their lips on it, they put their mugs on it!The store also offers snacks galore, limes, decanters, glasses -- you name it.  So we did some very early holiday shopping.  Caution, not all the prices are the best.  Some of our favorites were actually priced higher here than in L.A.  And as we headed to the parking lot, we overheard some women say, "there's no more room left in the car!"  One woman wore a T-shirt that said, "You look like you need a drink."
2	They've been here less than 2 years and have raised most prices of their spirits by $2-$4 dollars in this brief period. In this economy and with gas prices falling, they must be insane!
3	People there always helpful and friendly. Reasonably priced wine
5	I was in Vegas for a few days from Canada and part of the plan while down here was to pick up 20L of craft beer to bring home with me. A bit of research said that this was the place to go and boy were they right. A couple thousand beers is amazing, a couple thousand CRAFT beer is just insane.They also have 12 bottle wine shipping boxes (perfect for checked luggage) for about $10 which is better than bringing my own. And amazing as the beer selection is, the wine selection is double or triple that. It's not my thing, but if it is, then come here for wine too.
5	OH MER GERD!!!This is like a candy store for adults. Wait...IT IS A CANDY STORE FOR ADULTS!!! LIQUID CANDY!!!Walking through the store my first impression was a generalized 'meh' as we passed though wines which i have not found a taste for yet, then various hard liquors that made giggle from remembering the times i've frequented those bottles over the years. Then the beer isle...it's like a light from the heavens shown down on the isle to highlight the various beers! So many Beers! I wish we can freeze it in the winter and skate on it, and in the spring melt it and drink it!My cart started out with a bottle of New Amsterdam Peach Vodka (could never find it at the Lee's closest to my place) and a bottle of fancy expensive ginger beer for the kids. A few later i had to abandon the bottle to make room and money for all the beers i wanted to try.I think the best part for me was the individual beers which allowed me to just buy one bottle to taste and not commit to an entire six pack incase i didnt like it. So far from this haul (close to 90 dollars in beer) the pick of the litter is New Belgium Imperial Coffee Chocolate Stout.
3	Impressive, but not impressed. By Las Vegas standards this is about as good as it gets. For anyone who's done any traveling well this is ho-hum. Total Wine beats the socks off of Lee's wine selection, and yes they have a nice sized collection of craft beers. As I'm writing this around the holidays they had gift sets that nobody else had. A nice box of Crown Black with glasses made a nice gift and I haven't found it elsewhere. As much as I like Total Wine & More, they suffer from the same problem as so many other places in LV which is a lack of distributors to tap into. So while they have a good selection, it's nowhere near as comprehensive as it could be. 3 Stars: While they had great service, they were clueless about wines such as anything made from vitis aestivalis. Also for my Russian beers that I love so much, I still have to go to Lee's. That being said with Lee's being so close by I'll just stop at both and get what I want. One last thing...their parking lot seriously sucks. Good luck finding a space.
5	WOW! Just WOW! Every king of liquor and beer you can ask for. If it ain't there then the staff can special order it. This place reminds of a bootleggers warehouse. It is MASSIVE, and the prices make you wonder if they are not hijacking trucks Goodfellas style and then selling them for a considerable profit. The prices are the cheapest in town. :-)  I paid just under 5 dollars (including tax) for a six pack of Miller High Life. If I ever found a six pack at a grocery store it would easily be over 7 dollars. To make things even better, their cigar humidor; while not as massive a cigar store, is decent but has EVERY cigar properly labeled with the price (many cigar stores don't label a thing) and EVERY cigar has its review for Cigar Aficionado Magazine along with a description of its taste and quality to help cigar smokers make an informed decision. This place is all about helping the customer. The staff is friendly and well spoken. I have been to a LEE's where the staff is cursing at each other and acts like you are an idiot if you ask for help locating an item.
5	dude, this place is the shiz for alcohol. their selection of beer is very nice. so nice theyve started to put a rack of boxers for me to change into cus i nut every time i walk down that isle. they carry stuff that i like:shift, which is a new belgium brewing co beer. light hops in a can.orion, a okinawan beer that this girl i was dating introduced me to. i made fun of it saying it tasted like millter lite. it does not taste like miller lite.new castle mini kega few others i cant remember...if youre into wines and know which years and areas had the best season, you can find really good deals.i got a saint-emilion grand cru 1996 for like $35? depending on which region 1996-1998 were excellent years and you can always find great deals.
5	I love this place.  It's always clean and well organized, they put handwritten comment cards on just about everything and if you need more info the staff is always happy to help.   I buy more wine than anything else from here and the bottles are even priced better than anywhere else!
5	This is an incredible liquor store.  Overall, it is absolutely one of the best to which I have ever been.  The spirit/mixer selection is large and varied, with some unusual or hard-to-find items.  The beer selection is incredible - overall I have only seen its equal in a few places, none in Las Vegas.  They sell everything also by the individual bottle if you want, which is very nice.  The selection of imported beers - especially British and German - is particularly nice as is the selection of craft or small brewery beers from the US, with some Mid-West or East-Coast ones I haven't seen elsewhere in the west.
5	An alcohol drinkers paradise! This place is amazing. You walk into this almost warehouse type building, and wall to wall amazingness. If their were talking animals, this would be the narnia of liquor stores. I was brought here by a friend, and am now a loyal customer. It's SO much better than Lee's Liquor. Better prices, better selection, more knowledgable staff. They also give free liquor samples on the weekend. They carry cider. Prior to being brought into the land of awesome, I had so much trouble finding this stuff. Im not a beer drinker, but love cider. Total wine has a HUGE selection of it, and a pretty huge selection of every alcohol you could imagine. I promise, once you go. You'll become a loyal customer.
4	This place has more wine, beer, and liquor than you can shake a stick at. To say they have a plethora of these items would be an understatement. Bigger than BevMo, with better prices. And the in-store samples don't hurt.
5	Total Wine never disappoints and this location is no different than the one in Henderson I tend to visit more often. However, since I happened to be on this side of town attending a farmer's market with my hubby we stopped by Boca Park to do some shopping.This particular Total Wine is well set-up and clean. We were not greeted by any employees though, which was kind of weird to me because at the Henderson location employees usually go out of their way to greet you and see if you need any help. But that's okay. They have a great selection of wine, liquors, beers and even specialty sodas. This last trip I made my hubby and I purchased a Shirley Temple soda! Yep, Shirley Temple soda. It is actually really good and tastes almost like getting a Shirley Temple at a restaurant. Wine lovers rejoice, Total Wine is where you need to be.
2	The number one reason why customers continue to shop a retail establishment: they feel their business is appreciated.  This store is missing this key ingredient.   I love the selection, and their wine knowledge.   However, their customer service is terrible.   If I was  a secret shopper, I would have fired half the employees.  It seems nobody is watching and nobody cares.  I have called, and made specific complaints, after about half of my visits.  All that is happening as a result of my efforts: the rude comments/behavior, are worse, and more frequent.
5	This is my go-to spot for wine and spirits!I priced the Lees nearby on a handful of moderately expensive wines, and saved an avg $15 a bottle.  Some of the very expensive wines have even more savings.The staff here know what they are doing, and most have helpful suggestions.  Lots of free tastings too, so it's a cool place to come out and sample.Tons of single beer bottles as well, so you can put together your own varieties for about $1.50-2 a pop.Walk around and you'll see for yourself!
4	Nice place.  Better than Lee's.  I mostly go for beer.  I wish it was all or more of it was refrigerated.  Lots of accessories for drinking.  Great info in store.
5	I love this place, well maybe is because I like to drink..  but seriously they pretty much have everything . This is the only place where I found my German wine ( available only  during the winter) but even during the summer time I can always find something good to bring home.  If you do not much about wine, their staff appear to be very knowledgeable so you can ask or you can just walk around the store and read the employee's drink of the month.. (most of the time they give good recommendations)
5	A costco sized warehouse of wine, liquor, beer, and even cigars.   Wow.
5	This is the greatest beer store in Vegas. I can't believe I waited this long to go here.Snuck up to Boca Park after hearing they have singles. I expected something similar to Khoury's singles: a shelf or two of low-midrange beers. No. They have a huge aisle long selection of glorious singles. On all the price tags are the ratebeer.com ratings and descriptions. They are all categorized brilliantly (they have different sections for Belgians and USA style Belgians! ) and are epic in scope. Also huge amounts of samplers. Wine and Liquor in huge amounts as well. Staff were spectacular but I don't remember much because my brain was locked up in trying to decide whether to get one amazing belgian or another...The store is far larger than it even appears from the outside. It is a glorious Leviathan of intoxicating wonderment. I spent so much money.
4	Got a tip from a very frugal family member so I decided to compare-shop Total Wine and More vs. Costco and was surprised that (in many cases) the prices at Total Wine were better.  In terms of selection... there is no comparision. Total Wine wins!
5	Good selection, great pricing.   Not a bad place to get a good variety of wines.
5	Wow, this place is amazing! So many craft beers, spirits, and of course wines. I could browse in here for hours. The prices are decent too.
5	Holy moly! I had heard this was a giant store, but wasn't prepared for the sheer volume of stock held here! It's the Pantheon of grape-filled goodness! What I love most about Total Wine is that you can get lost in the aisles, roaming and discovering. The wine tastings always bring something new to my palate - and they provide you with coupons if you purchase a bottle that you have tasted! Not just wine, but a lovely array of Kentucky bourbon, Japanese sake, and a glorious display of beers with which you can build your own sixer. The staff is knowledgeable and most importantly approachable, the prices are fantastic and it's got me hooked, for sure!
5	Best store in town! Only wish they would have more locations!Love their beer selections!For the past five months I must have tried all of them, I'm totally addicted to Innis and gunn, a beer born by accident in Edinburgh,Scotland and became the most popular British bottled beer sold in Canada and second most popular in Sweden, also, La Fin Du Monde ('the end of the world'), from Canada,a Belgian-style,but is less bitter and more spicy, it also contains 9% ABV ! A must have for any occasion! I'm not gonna talk about the wines, just because there is no better place in town with such a big selection! Cheers!
5	My go-to for beer wine and liquor.  Great selection, best prices.  If you haven't been you'll see.  Don't go between 5 and 6pm on a weekday though. You will not escape the Boca Park parking lot.
4	As far as craft beers go, I saw what Lee's had to offer and I saw what Total Wine had. Total Wine easily wins with the bigger and better selection.
5	My go to place for wine! Employees are always so helpful in finding the perfect wine. Great selections and they always have nice gift giving products! Now I need to invest in a wine aerator.
1	The selection is great and I found what I was looking for. However, the customer service is lacking. I'm not sure why I was being ignored by the staff for about an hour. Everyone else was greeted and helped, when I did ask for help the staff member didn't even bother to show me where the product was located. Everyone else was shown where their items were. I asked another staff member about a certain beer and I received a snarky answer. The only person that was nice to me was the cashier. Management needs to train the staff to help all customers no matter who they are, or what they look like.
5	I visit this location with some frequency . . . I am not a frequent drinker, but when I do indulge, I know that I can find something worthwhile here.I always find the store to be clean and well-staffed. Some afternoons there are wine tastings, which are enjoyable surprises. I am often asked whether further assistance is needed, and the additional knowledge is certainly appreciated. I am impressed with their service and willingness to amend a situation that seemed minor to me, but clearly was important to the managers. In this instance, my craft brew was incorrectly priced due to a stocking issue. While I had no issue paying the full price, the woman attending the store kindly assisted in reducing the price to what I saw advertised. Sometimes this occurs, and one feels burdensome; however, I did not feel this way at all, which made me that much more appreciative.The selection is quite impressive, especially after living in Utah. My only suggestion is that they consider carrying some beers from the Oberon Brewery in Michigan . Highly Recommended.
5	This is candy land for oenophiles and others who enjoy imbibing.  My only recommendation would be to organize the wines not just by type, but also region.  I enjoy supporting wineries form Central California; it would be nice to just go to the pinot or chardonnay section and have all the Central California wines displayed together.The staff picks are usually pretty decent.  I also appreciate the beer selection.  I have found Total Wine cheaper than Costco on most wines and hard liquor.  The staff has always been helpful with finding items.  They offer classes (I took several series through UNLV at the Henderson and Rampart stores) and wine tastings.They also sell kegs.
5	This place has an insanely huge variety of alcoholic beverages. I especially enjoyed browsing the craft beers section.
5	Very good selection and great prices.  A bottle of bourbon was around $4 to $5 less here than at Lee's for the same size and same brand.
5	It doesn't get better than this! This place is a beckoning oasis in a desert of...well...in an actual desert. They have a mind-boggling selection of wine, beer and spirits at EXCELLENT prices. We've been duped by good prices at Trader Joe's and Bev Mo and what we've learned is if it seems like they've priced it like it was stored badly or fell off the truck--it probably was, and probably did. We found prices at Total Wine that are better than wine club member prices for high end wineries like Chimney Rock, Duckhorn, Rombauer, Pine Ridge etc...and the wine is GOOD. It's FINE. It tastes the way it would taste at the winery. Nothing bad has happened to it. They're just able to make great deals on fabulous wines. Just think, if you're lucky enough to live near one of these stores you're getting better wine buys than wine club members! That said, I still would NOT move to Vegas. Blech! But if you already live here or are just visiting, it's totally worth a stop to stock up the cellar.You don't have to die to go to wine heaven, but you do have to go to Vegas.
5	This place is amazing. The service is top notch, they always have everything we are looking for (and more)! If you need it, they have it, and the prices are more than reasonable.
5	In preparation for my upcoming birthday, a friend and I went here because he said he has a coupon and this place is better and cheaper than the Asian liquor store.  It's right next door to REI...parking is usually very difficult in this area but the parking gods were with us.I'm not a big drinker...I'm actually a lightweight (although the boyfriend tells me I finished a bottle of wine by myself but I don't recall such a thing...and there was Christmas of 2012 too) but when I do drink, it has to be champagne or something with a fruity note.  So think Prosecco, Lambrusco, sparkling wine...I was very pleased with how organized, clean and spacious the store is.  Like only people with OCD work here.  The wines are arranged according to the region they're from.  Other drinks are arranged according to categories: sparkling, non-alcoholic, etc. They also have glasses, bottle openers,  chocolates, processed meats, cheeses, crackers and everything you need to enjoy your drinks.We spent a good amount of time looking for bottles to get.  Then I saw bottles of Hello Kitty sparkling wine, yay!  It costs twice as much and contains half the amount of other bottles of wine we got at $20 for 750ml...but it's Hello Kitty and it's my birthday so there!  An employee with a semi-Salvador Dali-esque mustache approached us to see if we needed help.  I asked him for a bigger bottle of Hello Kitty sparkling wine but they don't have it.  So, we also got Veuve Cliquot in a very pretty box and some other wines in pretty bottles - this is what happens if you take me to a liquor store.  I'm a sucker for pretty bottles and boxes.  Cheers to a good life and my birthday! Yay!
4	I used to shop at lee's liquor until a friend told me about total wine. After browsing through the aisles, I picked up several bottles for different occasions. They have a massive selection and the prices are decent.
5	OMG I think this is my new favorite place and home of my new hobby ... alcohol tasting. Not only were they offering samples of wine, but other beverages as well. The variety of wine, spirits, beer and cigars is second to none. The walk-in cigar humidor was amazing. The prices are great and employees were knowledgeable and helpful. Put together a gift basket for a friend from the enormous selection of miniature bottles. The sampling and tasting could become a regular weekend outing!
4	If you can't find it here it's not worth drinking in the first place. Their staff's knowledge of the products complements the huge selection. They also have hard to find snacks and soda.
3	This is a big store with aisles galore of wine, champagne and even craft beer. But for all the hoopla, I couldn't find what I was looking for and the sheer size of selection is a bit overwhelming. If I had hours to shop for booze, I might have stayed to browse but idk if it would be worth my while...I have to say that the employees are less than helpful with the exception of one guy who seemed quite knowledgeable about moscato (which I am not). It almost seems like some of these employees are annoyed to be working here... Whatever. I'm from SoCal, I have dealt with attitude before- no biggie. I did find a variety of craft beers for my husband to try. This might be the only thing I would come back for. The prices at this store are higher than Lee's. The selection is vast but overwhelming. The employees need to cheer up (you sell liquid happiness for a living- SMILE!). I miss Bevmo.
5	If you love alcohol you will love Total Wine! I liken it to a bed bath and beyond for libations! The selections are just overwhelming but hey I am never gonna complain about that! This place really has it all and the prices range from cheap to costly! If you are booze hound like me this is a def must stop and visit and stock up on!
4	I was pretty blown away of all the variety that they had! The place was clean and their prices were pretty decent. I really liked entering here and just browsing through the selection that they have.  I am not a drinker or a wine drinker but I loved seeing the different wines and alcohols and the designs. I think my most favorite is that they have the mini alcohol beverages near the check-out counter.  I was pretty excited that they had that since I hardly see it unless I am in an airplane and another time was in another liquor store.  I bought a few of the mini ones for a gift.  Definitely will be coming back here!
5	Best Place for your Beer Wine And Spirits!!! Selection is incredible- Staff always available to help. Best Absinthe selection. Whole foods beats them with organic and sulfite free wines. But not an issue with me.  Drink up and savor the variety!
5	The best wine/liquor store in Vegas. The competition is so far behind that they are not even worth mentioning. The best selection and prices. If it is convenient to go here, then there is no other reason to go anywhere else.
4	I love Echo & Rig. What I love even more is their no corkage fee. Which makes having Total Wine across the street even better. The selection and guest service is on point. As we were walking around looking at a variety of wines, a handful of associates approached us to add us in our search. If you need a wine chilled, their is an awesome chiller near the front of the store. It takes five minutes to get a cooled bottle. If you can leave it in longer while browsing the store, it will only get better.
5	Great prices better than Lee's! Super knowledgeable not only in wine but spirits as well. Yes they really do mean more...lots more. Sign up for their emails so you get their coupons.
4	We are from out of town and were getting married in Vegas.  We were able to put our order in online the morning we flew out and it was ready for one of our local friends to pick up by the time we got there.  They made it so easy to get what we wanted in a timely and convenient manner.  They even called to verify the order since all my info was not local.  Very friendly to work with.
5	Love this place!  This store makes if fun to shop for spirits!  And I mean ALL spirits.  Not only do they have an incredible selection of wines, but beer too.  From dozens and dozens of countries.  Like Costco, they have samples going in the aisles all the time so go visit.  It's on the back end of Boca Park with ample free parking and easy to get to from Summerlin Parkway.
5	I mean.....what's not to love about this place?- Wine tastings on the daily- Wine and beer classes so you can be a more educated drunk- Huge selection- Friendly staff- Pretty good prices- They had Pappy Van Winkle 23 Year for Christ sake!  Do you know how hard that stuff is to find????And it's just put together a lot classier than Lee's Liquor.  I feel sophisticated in this store (as I guzzle my third wine tasting).
5	Absolutely the best liquor store in the world - or at least in Vegas. The moment you walk in you feel like you just arrived in Alcohol Heaven! It can overwhelm you but in a good way. Total Wine can put the biggest alcoholic aka expert to the test! Easy to navigate, cheapest prices, and the widest selection of EVERYTHING. What's not to love about this place and give it the 5 stars it deserves?
5	Especially nice selection of Margaux and big red French wines. The staff is extremely helpful and willing to spend time with us, giving good opinions and tips about specific wine makers and regions.  There were some exceptional wines which we got for our employee party. Everyone enjoyed sampling the unique French wines. It really made our cocktail party!
5	By far the best place I've ever been to. It's a grocery store-sized liquor store that carries everything from wine to beer and every spirit / cordial in between. Whether you're casually shopping or stocking up for an event, they're wide ranged selection and meticulously organized sections make it very easy and interesting to get what you came in for.I hope they expand to the New York area!
5	This place is AWESOME!!! Look out Lee's I found my new go to spot for craft beers. You can shop online then go pickup your order!!!! SAY WHAAAAAT??? That alone is a huge plus. The selection is from infinity and beyond. The craft beer section is a full dedicated isle, I don't know any other liquor shop that has this. If you think Lee's is the bee's knees then come check out this place... do bee's have knees
5	This is our go-to liquor store. We were die-hard Lee's people, but the experience is so much nicer at Total Wine. Although it is warehouse style, it is inviting inside. We enjoy their own brand of liquors, American Pride, as it is a quality product. This store has everything you need, whether it is to set up your bar, or to find that perfect gift. Their beer and wine selection is phenominal. The store is nicely organized, which makes it easy to locate anything you need.
5	Once again this place did not fail me.  stopped in real quick for a sixer of Big Sky Brewery Moose Drool and Trout Slayer.   Love this place!!!!!!
5	I always forget about this store, why is that?  Don't compare it to Lee's..that's like comparing Target to Walgreen's!!   Fantastic selection of wine, beer, and spirits!  Easy to find what you're looking for, but the staff is very knowledgeable, so you can even go in, explain what you like, and they'll recommend something for you too.  I also like that they have "staff picks" sections as well.  Sometimes,I know what I like, but I just want something new, and the staff picks section has served me well each time.Another plus? No long lines...it appears that if there is even one person waiting, they call up another cashier to open a second register.Even with the quick checkout, if you're anything like me don't expect to make a quick in and out at this store.  There is always a new beer, or new wine selection, or alcohol accessory, or fancy booze in the locked glass case that grabs our attention..we're like kids in a candy store and can easily spend 1+hrs just browsing!They do beer, wine, and spirits tastings daily, I'm pretty sure you can find the schedule on their website.I do have one suggestion...its nice that the floor staff is knowledgeable, but they should probably drop some knowledge on their cashiers as well.  The cashier asked me if I found everything I was looking for. And when I started to talk about their selection of Innis&Gunn she looked at me kinda dumbfounded and embarrassed and just shrugged it off.  It was awkward, don't ask the question if you're not prepared for an answer and equipped to have the resulting conversation., just sayin'Best prices I've found in town on wine and beer!  Here's a quick tip, if the price ends with a 7, you will not find it that price or cheaper in Las Vegas.,this is their best in market pricing designator.  Also, organic and vegan wine and beer are clearly labeled.If you like a good value and a healthy selection..check this place out..I'm rarely disappointed!
5	Total Wine & More is the nicest liquor store with most extensive selection in Las Vegas!The beer selection is massive. I have been into sour browns lately which are next to impossible to find almost anywhere. Total Wine offers a handful of them! The Grangestone 12 year single malt has become my new favorite scotch. It is a steal at only $25 a bottle. The Grangestone is also exclusively available at Total Wine & More.There is also a small walk-in cigar humidor, which is a bit limited in selection and a bit high in price, but it is convenient that you don't have to make a separate trip for some sticks.  Highly recommended when you're craving a drink.
5	So many choices and good prices. I like to choose from the store picks labeled on the shelf. There is always someone to help you find something or recommend something. I love total wine. On my recent visit I picked up champagne for Valentines Day at a good price. This store is very clean and well organized.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Lack of centralized location.LIKE  Product was sorted alphabetically by type making shopping a lot easier. Clean and looked classier than most liquor stores. Friendly staff. Tasting area.LOVE  The selection! This place had everything I was looking for. Reasonable prices.
4	One of the top two places for liquor shopping. HUGE variety and selections, great prices, free tastings on weekends !!!Being a newbie to drinking, this place has a huge variety in every kind of liquor item. If you need help, there are description labels (flavor, type, rating, etc) as well as a recommendation by staff. If you don't know anything, ask almost anyone on the floor. Each are very knowledgable and can give you recommendations or suggestions, if they cant, they can find someone who is ! Great experience and environment. Pleasant and organized. Almost like a grocery store? i think.... Initially this was my source for german auslese wines, because my family liked sweet, fruity wines that were easy to drink. Later this has became a source for everything else (hard liquor for parties, etc)Prices you sometimes can find cheaper here, sometimes at Lee's but if you want a one stop shop, and you are in the area, this is the place to go ! The only lack of selection is their sake and soju. Very minimal. Lookin for a yummy white rabbit sake =X if you carry this, you'd be +1 XD
4	Always a great shopping experience here. It can be somewhat overwhelming with the vast selection of wines and spirits. Luckily their staff is so knowledgable and willing to help you find exactly what you are looking for. I love reading the staff picks cards on the wine, and usually end up buying more than what I had gone in for.
2	I usually buy items based on interactive feedback. What was good.There is an indisputabliy fantastic selection of anything you can possibly think of related to beer, wine, and spirits. The store is very clean and it was fairly easy to navigate.What could be better.I would have enjoyed staff who liked their jobs. I came to this conclusion because the few staff I actually saw wereI wish I had been greeted at least once in the store, especially at the beer or wine tasting counters, I would have liked the wine tasting staff person, Nicholas, to have explained something about the wines to me. I've gone into Cost Plus and Lee's Discount Liquor, and have purchased the unexpected just because of the interaction.I would prefer not to be told "no.," when I ask about a product that was in stock. At the beer counter, the staff person, who never acknowledged me until prompting from another customer, told me they an Habenero beer. It was in stock, and I was told it wouldn't be brought out for me. It seems to be an awkward way to make sales.So, would I go out of my way to shop here. Probably not. Will I go back. Yes, there's a lot of products here. Maybe I just came in on an off day.
5	Huge selection and impressively organized so everything is easy to find and you're not cramped as you roam the store. The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable! And there seems to be free tastings happening every time I'm there - total plus!
5	I didn't think I would like Total Wine. I'm not a "Big Box Store" fan (I'd rather shop boutiques than Target), and small wine shops where you get to chat with the owner about the wines have a special place in my heart. But Total Wine is an exceptionally well-run business that provides all the advantages and minimizes the disadvantages of a Big Box Store.  Advantages: selection (amazing, with everything from cheap to super-premium), prices (also amazing!), convenience (lots of parking and great hours). How they overcome disadvantages: 1) The staff is incredibly knowledgable, friendly and available. They are always walking around the store looking to help. Every other Big Box Store should take lessons. 2) They don't just carry the mass produced labels. Their "Winery Direct" program brings small producers directly to their shelves (we found Sobon wines here, a sustainable California Zin producer whose wines we love).  There are always new wines to learn about and try.  3) They give everything a social feel, with regular wine and beer tastings. I hate to admit it, but this is a huge Big Box Store that blows away the small, family-owned wine stores I used to frequent and love. I must for wine lovers.
5	Very nice, well organized and the staff usually knows their stuff regardless of which beverage you seek advice. It's sort of like a Home Depot for drinkers.
4	Well merchandised for a pleasant shopping experience.  Once in a while I will indulge in a tasting on weekends and that can add a little extra fun.  The selection is HUGE so I can always find something interesting to add to the collection and check out is usually pretty quick.The biggest weakness is when I compare the knowledge and availability of staff to Lee's.... Lee's wins hands down and it's in the same shopping center!  (Boca Park)  If I'm looking for good advice on wine a d older vintages, etc it's Lee's hands down.  The Boca Park location can be hard to find a parking spot!!
4	Best selection of wineBefore total wine was open you had lees, and that became stale. Then total wine opened up and raised the bar for liquor stores in Vegas.This store is pretty neat, well layer from country to grape and if your not sure what your looking for, the staff have plenty of educational material that can help.I will say the range of international alcohol and non alcohol is quite impressive. It's always nice to jump in and get some Australian Ginger beer!Also a few times a month they have wine classes, I think you can book them over the phone or in store
4	I pick Total Wine as my go to place for wine. They have an extensive selection of anything and everything alcohol. Knowledgeable staff and nicely organized. Sometimes when I'm around Boca Park, I'll just stop by here and pick up a bottle or a few bottles of wine. Great customer service. I sometimes come in with a list of wine that I'm looking for and the people at customer service are always friendly and ready to help. Once in a while, they don't carry what I'm looking for or it's out of stock but no big deal. My recent trip to Total Wine was fantastic. I came in with a list and the guy at customer service (I sadly forgot his name) was great and knew exactly where everything is. He got all the bottles of wine on my list in a matter of a few minutes as we briskly walked through the store. And he looked like he loves job too.
5	I love their website and online order process.  You just set up an account at totalwine.com and place an order for pick up.  I usually get an email within 4 business hours that my order is ready.This way, I can take advantage of the sales they have (10 percent off when you buy 6 or more bottles of wine) and check out their wine recommendations.  I can also keep track of all the wine I have tried and easily reorder my favorites.Total Wine also has a pretty good keg selection.  You can browse and order online.  They also have a reasonable keg return policy.
4	This is a toy store for adults. I'm not a big drinker, but walking in and seeing rows upon rows upon rows of every wine, beer, champagne, liquor, and spirit I have ever heard about all in one incredibly well-organized store with a friendly and helpful staff to boot? That's something that makes you hear the hallelujah choir.I first must say that I fell in love with an amazing beer in Albuquerque last year, and have never found it anywhere else- until now. Alien Stout and Nut Brown Ale? SO GOOD. Also found the Wells Banana Bread beer here, which is even more fantastic than it sounds.The wine selection here is intimidating, and I browsed but did not focus my attention on that section of the store this visit. But I'll be back for the Dreaming Tree crush red and Barrymore Pinot Grigio.No alcohol store would be complete without an amazing selection of glassware (including those plastic travel wine glasses to take your favorite bevvie alfresco!) and snacks- including a selection of refrigerated meats and cheeses by Boarhead and some more lowbrow options like chips and snack mixes (which tend to be quite pricey here).In short, everything you need under one well-organized and friendly roof, for your alcoholic beverage consumption needs! I am very impressed. The Lee's in the adjacent plaza can just start packing up- this place blows them out of the water.
4	You cannot beat the Variety of wines & beer! Imagine if a Wal-Mart only sold Adult Beverages. Everytime I am there, I discover a new favorite liquor or wine. Some of the booze is slightly over priced in my opinion campared to some other local retailers... But it totally is a one-stop-shop for your party. For Xmas, I bought some liquor chocolates that were amazing! I highly reccomend those if you are hosting a fun adult party.
5	Great service, reasonable prices, and a large variety. This was our first time dabbling in Champagne and we didn't know what we wanted; a staff member took our price range, asked us a few questions about the kinds of wine we're into, and then spent a good 10 minutes making recommendations; she was incredibly friendly and helpful.
5	Great price's. Good staff. They sent me home with 3 beer's I'd never tried and two out of 3 were a solid 8 the 3rd was a 7. Great store. My drink of choice is HALF the price it is at home. H a l f . I'll let you guess, it starts with a U. John , keep it up.
1	Standing at customer service desk to ask a question where I'm being ignored and the phone rings. She actually picked up the phone and hung it back up without answering it. Epic fail in the customer service department.
4	This place is a must-visit if you are staying in Vegas for a few days. It's a short walk to a Gordon Biersch, so you can knock both out in one visit. Total wine is a huge store. Most of it is dedicated to wine and spirits. The craft beer is mostly confined to one aisle on the far right of the store. Lots of good stuff, and an emphasis on the big brews. Great DIPA selection when I went. I picked up a North Coast Sochai Old Stock, Hop Henge, Firestone Union Jack, and a few other bottles. Had a huge supply of Rouge Bacon Maple too.
5	Yay!!! Pumpkin beer is here!!! They have the best variety and the best customer service. I always come back.
5	Called a few places and they didn't have what I was looking for (bushmills 21 year) when I got lucky enough for total wine to have it. I asked them to hold it for me and as soon as I walked in and said hi I just called they handed me the bottle and I was out in under two minutes! Great customer service. Not too big a fan of the fact that they had to have a manager check my ID just because I just turned 21 though. I understand it's probably store policy but it's a bit insulting.
5	I like this place. I prefer it over Lees which is in the same shopping center. They have an amazing selection of craft beer. They also have a good variety of beer from Stone Brewery, which I love. I really like that you can by individual bottles. This makes trying new beers much easier.  I don't know about you, but I hate buying a six pack of a new beer for fear that I'll hate it and be stuck with five nasty beers hogging up space in my fridge. So yeah... Next time you need beer, go here!
2	I'm a "regular" at Total wine...love the selection...and the staff is very helpful.  so why just two stars?  I went there last Saturday morning, and in the back, near the vodka section, a young man was making some kind of concoction.  Of course, I was interested.  but when I asked him what he was making, he rather tersely said, "a mule."...then went back to his preparations.  It dodn't look like a mule, and so I asked what he was doing exactly...he mumbled something about ginger liquer or something, and then again proceeded to ignore me.  My wife and I looked at each other as if to say WTF?  He never looked back up...never once said, would you like a taste? or, I'll have some ready in five minutes if you'd like to come by. said nothing about the ingredients he was using.  He was just kind of a self-absorbed arrogant jerk.  We'll keep using Total Wine, but hopefully won't have to rely on Mr. Personality in the future....
5	I recently visited Total Wine due to a recommendation after a discussion about wine. Now, I am a newbie wine enthusiast - so I may be a little naive when it comes to wine shops... but GOOD GRAVY THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! All the wine you can think of! I was going here for a specific Chianti and when I couldn't locate it, the store clerk at the customer service desk looked it up and informed me that it was discontinued in retail sales. When we went back to select another Chianti - we noticed that there are recommendations for employees, which is AWESOME. It helped us select our back up Chianti!  I noticed that there is a gnarly looking craft beer selection, so I will absolutely be returning here to scope that out. This location also sells liquor as well (why wouldn't they? I don't know. Wine shops back home tend to only sell wine). **I will update my review once I visit again for the craft beer!**
5	This is the best!! Free wine , beer and spirits tasting. Better prices than Lee's. Best place to meet, learn and taste all these beers. My favs: Fin du monde, $3.23, 11oz..Wee Heavy, belhaven..Guinness draught $7.50/6 pak.
5	This is a good place to find good quality Scotch for a good price.
1	Champagne tasting ..... Instead of relaxing we went to a class on Champagne.... Very disorganized and frustrating..... The long winded (but very informative) had a slide presentation that was impossible for 3/4 of the room to see because it was too low and the wines were served an hour before he described them :-/ ..... an added irritating issue was the woman serving our side of the room was pouring one third as much as the woman on the other side!! You can not taste if you can not even fill your mouth once. They should have charged twice as much and given us all a taste (or I should stay away from the server that acted like it was her private reserve.) overall very disappointed.
5	I'm giving a 5 outta 5 review because Total Wine is the best of the best in Vegas.  Exceptional selection.  Wines, Beer, Spirits, mixes, cigars.  Well trained staff, offers tastings weekly, wine and beer classes.Reasonable prices and almost always has what your looking for and if they don't have it they get it.
4	This place has an amazing selection of wine! I honestly could spend a few hours in this place (my first time here I spent about an hour just looking through beer selections.) going through everything they have. I'm a craft beer drinker and having moved from Chicago to Las Vegas recently I really wanted to try some beers from the west and the greatest thing about it was they have a section where they sell cans individually that would otherwise come in a 4/6 pack. There is nothing worse than spending $14+ on a 4 or 6 pack of craft beer that you are displeased with.  this will definitely be my go to for wine and craft beer.This place fell 1 star short from 5 because of my encounter with one of the staff members that works there. There is a side area where it appears they do kegs but you can also check out there. I waited in line, walked away because I forgot something came back because the line was gone, the gentleman behind the counter was standing there, I asked him if I could check out, he said yes, then walked away and never came back.  I waited for several minutes and he still never returned so I went up to the front to check out because it was clear he had no intention on checking me out. Not sure why he would say I could be checked out there if he had no intention on helping me?Despite my interactions I think this place is great for what it has to offer.
5	The Mecca of Alcohol!The sheer size of this place alone is impressive, but what that translates to is a vast inventory of pretty much anything you could want.The staff is well informed and I especially like that they mark their favorite selections in each section.  I'm very indecisive so I appreciate a bit of guidance every now and then.  The prices are very competitive, if not the best around town.  They also offer classes for those looking to gain a little more knowledge, in addition to wine tastings that go on throughout the day in the middle of the store.Definitely my go-to place for buying alcohol in town!Very Cool
4	Like so many other reviews...... I used to be a Lee's Liquor fan..... now, I am Total Wine and More all the way!!!!Selection is INCREDIBLE..... Prices GREAT..... Service is AMAZING.... they really know their stuff..... they have recommended several cabs that were on point! They listen to what you like and guide you in the right direction every time!FYI.....Parking sucks...
5	We need Total Wines in Oklahoma, especially one like this one that is well-stocked with alcohol and pleasant staff. Bummer we have such lame alcohol laws.
