4	Sheraton Station Square has stood the test of time, and gone thru a number of renovations over the years.  Great views of the river and downtown from that side.  Huge open lobby area, with a bar and restaurant in front of the windows.
4	Best part about this place is the location, with a view right on the river, next to all the touristy cluster of places to eat, next to the massive fountain of water that dances to Abba, right by the incline that will take you to the top of the ridge with a stunning view of the city.   Had a medical conference here and everything was professional and well-run.  The general decor could use an update but it was nice for the conference prices (little over 100/night).   Funny how the area around was dead most of the time, seems like it should have been hopping.
4	my roommate and i stayed here in between chicago and new york on our road trip.  although we only spent a few hours in the room (checked in at night, went straight to a local bar, passed out for a few hours on the beds and then left the next morning) we did have an overall good stay.  the room was clean, the beds were comfortable, and the bathroom was a good size (i hate hotel rooms with tiny bathrooms).  there are a few things that i consider going above and beyond normal hotel duties.  a) the woman in the gift shop was nice enough to give me one of her own stamps to put on the post card i bought in her shop.  b) i left a pair of shorts in the hotel room and they tracked them down and MAILED them to me in san diego for free.  thanks Sheraton- i can't tell you the next time i'll be in pittsburgh, but i know where i'm staying when i roll through.
2	Oh Station Square. I am sorry. I've stayed here before and not had issues.And the view is great.We booked a room for 2 nights to see the Steelers/Jaguars playoff game. We paid for concierge level. First of all, they put us in a handicap room right next to the elevator. The elevator thing would normally not be an issue if there wasn't 300 high school students staying there. The bathroom was all shower with a drain in the floor. I was unamused and asked to be switched.As mentioned earlier, there was some conference going on ... I think it was for speech? Not sure. Either way, I can tell you that their chaperones were not paying one lick of attention to them. They were running all over the place, door open (creak), door shut (SLAM), yelling outside the elevator.....and the last night, we had a flight home at 6 am the next morning.I mean, the night of the game, the drunk fans were not even this obnoxious.Called security multiple times, they did nothing. It continued. Next Steelers game we'll be staying on the other side of the river.
3	I checked in the hotel very late at night, The cost of parking is $16.   I really prefer the room with the river view so I can see the spectacular night view of the city, but they gave me a room that face the parking lot & partial view of the river instead. The room is clean , roomy plus a large LCD TV. One negative; the hotel is surrounded with railroad tracks on both sides. The constant noise of the trains at night was so bad, I was hardly able to sleep.
4	Got a great deal on rooms for a wedding here on Priceline. The desk staff was really helpful (the Priceline rooms are apparently usually two double beds, and when I said casually, well, that's cool, but if you could manage to get us a different room with a queen or king, that would be awesome. And she did!)The breakfast buffet was not as horribly expensive as I feared, tasted good, and the dining area has a nice view of the city.Was a really fun long weekend and made for a memorable wedding experience.
3	Staying here was out of convience because I had work to do int he WESCO building next door.I got a room on the Starwood Preferred Guest floor, and had a partial view of downtown the river, and a perfect view of the grand concourse.I dont usually stay in Starwood hotels, Im more of a Hilton person. Things I am used to just were not in this room. Im not sure if this is the norm or not, but being on business travel sometimes its nice to take food back to your room and put it into a mini-fridge, and use a microwave to heat it backup later. No such amenties here for that.Candice down stairs is super nice with guest services. Steve the chauffer guy is also exteremly nice and has quite the funny bone. Lots of nice staff work here, and I couldnt say anything bad about them even if I wanted to.Everything was clean and the bed was very comfy. Good sized LCD, but its a direct tv feed, and some channels pop in and out on occasion. Internet seems speedy. As reported in a previous post, there are two traintracks on the north and south side of the hotel. The run all the time, and can get quite loud at times. (Im amazed how much coal they run through here.)I would stay here again. Its close to all the dining establishments and within walking distance to a lot of things. Plus you have Steve to chauffer you were ever you need to go! It was 200$ a night, a little more than what Im used to pay with Hilton hotels.
5	I got a great deal on this hotel over Christmas. I wanted to give my sisters kids a break from the cold and get a hotel with a pool for all of us. And I got a great rate!The pool was lovely. The kids loved it. They had sauna rooms and a nice gym. I totally recommend this hotel.The only drawback was the AC through the hotel was on frigid temperatures. Especially considering it was 20 degrees F outside. Brrrr! But nice hotel anyways. I would stay here again!
3	This hotel is in a GREAT location! However, they really need to fix up the rooms to make them as nice as the lobby and event rooms. When I booked a room for a wedding recently, the confirmation said "Sweet sleeper bed". Little did I know that this indicated the bed type in the room, and NOT a sleeper sofa/couch/cot! The sweet sleeper bed wasn't anything to write home about, so I'm not sure why they feel the need to confuse guests by including this bit of info on the confirmation!Also, for some reason, we received a room with a handicapped bathroom! We checked in early, so I know this wasn't the last available room. I really hope someone who checked in after us didn't need it! The bathroom was really a pain because there was no tub (we were a room full of girls who needed to shave!), there was a pull-down bench, and the water flooded everywhere. Couple of complaints with the cleaning services: first, the maid forgot to leave soap in the bathroom (which I realized the hard way).  Second, house-keeping came and knocked on our door at about 8am on both Saturday morning and Sunday morning! CALM DOWN - check-out time isn't until 12pm! After two rough nights (1st out at bars, and the 2nd at a wedding), we were in no mood for this.Overall satisfactory experience, but definitely room for improvement, Sheraton.
3	It was just ok.  For 200 bucks (lots of taxes boost the price by about 25 bucks a night), you get a decent sized room and a comfortable bed.  If you don't put "do not disturb" on your door, the housekeeping knocks at 8:30 to come in and clean.  I put the sign on, and somehow it got changed to "No housekeeping" sign, which if you request you get a 5 dollar gift card to use at the hotel.  I wanted housekeeping, just not at 8:30 am.  On the day they did come in, toiletries were not replaced.   I did get more coffee, but not more shampoo.  I like that the coffee maker is in the main room, not the bathroom, and there is nothing to clean, it takes pods.  The ice bucket and glasses are in the bathroom, yuck.  There is no fridge.  The heating/cooling unit runs constantly and is loud.  You can clearly hear every door slamming in the hall and the showers and toilets being used on each side of you.The conference I went to at the hotel went smoothly, and it was convenient to stay there.  The food is not great, and they need to provide protein with the breakfast, not everybody is a carb fiend.  I had the vegetarian lunch of pasta, it was terrible, and a boxed lunch that was equally as bad.  I wouldn't recommend eating at the hotel.  I stayed 3 nights, at the discounted conference rate, and it came to 612 bucks.
2	Paper thin walls, yes, as other commenters have mentioned. Which, when the guy next door insists on watching porn all night? Not so much fun. The service in the restaurant at breakfast was beyond awful. I have never had such a slow meal, and yet I went back for a second time. Both of my breakfast meetings were with different groups of people, and we all experienced severe slowness. If you are there during the football season and the Steelers are playing at home, be prepared for a lobby full of drunk fans. Finally, please add more outlets! Having to unplug stuff/move furniture to charge my phone is a pain!
1	At over 80$ at night, this place isn't worth it. Let me tell you why. First off, in the middle of the afternoon on a Saturday, I'm napping, door locked, private sign up. Maid walks in, I jumped out of bed, ask her to leave, and she doesn't. She proceeds to want to change my towels. I'm in my underwear. I ask again, she doesn't get it. Call front desk, she leaves. Get dinner that night, room service shows-up, spills tray. Shower next morning, cold water only. Really people. It's a hotel, not a theme park.
3	We crashed here before the marathon, and the hotel--okay, the entire city--was filled to capacity.  A real mess, but the staff seemed to handle it gracefully.  Nothing but smiles.  Our room was clean and comfortable, but like other reviewers the "sweet sleeper bed" thing had tricked us into thinking that the room included a "sleeper bed."  We had reserved via Priceline, so we ended up with a king-sized bed and no place to put the kids.  Crap!  The front desk clerk said that normally they'd just switch us to a double full, but since they were booked we were out of luck....EXCEPT they hit us with a complimentary rollaway.  No charge--though I was the idiot who had trusted Priceline.  It was clear from the staff's reactions that this misinterpretation happens a lot.  The company does need to change the "sweet sleeper" name.A hint about parking--it costs $20 to park for 24 hours at the adjoining garage, as a hotel guest, which includes in and and priviliges.  If, like us, you're just staying for the night and won't be there for the full 24 hours, look into paying directly at the automated garage kiosk for hourly use.  We were only there from 8pm to 6am, and it only cost $10.  That said, if you are coming and going, the $20 rate is a bargain for safe, urban parking.No noise to speak of, what with all the runners wanting a good night's sleep, I guess, and a great location just across the river from downtown--10 minute walk across the bridge or 5 minute walk to the subway (the "T" line).  There is also a shuttle, if you're really lazy.  Final hint: a busy rail line passes by the property ("station square" is a shopping and entertainment complex built inside and around the old rail terminal) .  Request a room on a higher floor if you're really oversensitive to noise.I'm jealous of the reviewer who paid "over 80$"--our bill, with priceline discount, was $172 with tax.
5	The Sheraton hosted our wedding and did a terrific job. Joe and the rest of the staff were extremely helpful and professional. The food was terrific, the decorating was done well, and we really liked the setup of having a big open lobby bar for an after party, as well as the open restaurant for brunch the next morning. Our wedding went off without a hitch, and my wife and I are very grateful to the Sheraton for their hard work! Would certainly recommend their wedding team for anyone looking to throw a Pittsburgh wedding.
4	Came here for a wedding reception, did not stay here as a guest. The lobby has a wonderful arched glass facade, with a beautiful view of the city. Very long CSX cargo trains whiz by, right in front of the windows, every 10 minutes. It's a nice touch. The open bar and food were great. The eating/dining space was a little cramped.
4	Eight of us stayed here after taking a New Years' Eve Cruise on the Gateway Clipper Fleet.  We figured it'd be better to book a block of four rooms instead of facing the idiots on the highway.I have to admit that I've long wanted to stay at this hotel, however it was a little less than a four star experience.  For starters, we were booked into the newer section, which doesn't have the great views that the older part does.  Okay, no biggie.  We were just staying one night.  The rooms are a bit smaller, and yes service at breakfast is rather slow plus it's rather expensif and the food is only so so.Oh, but the room was still very nice, the bed was comfortable and we had no trouble falling asleep.  I'd give the Sheraton 3.5 stars.
4	My first trip to Pittsburgh, and stayed at the Sheraton Station Square, on a recommendation from a friend.  As far as convenience, I couldn't ask for a better location.  The Sheraton parking lot was full, but there is another lot directly across from the main entrance to the hotel.  They must overflow plenty, because parking can be paid for at the front desk upon checkout.  Nice open layout with a bar and restaurant in the center of the lobby upon arrival.  The bar serves a limited menu until quite late in the night.  Concierge and Front Desk were both very helpful.  There are plenty of restaurants and bars within an easy  and safe walking distance.  There is also a rather nice paved riverfront walk.  On a nice day, it's well worth a walk, rollerblade, bike, etc.. Based on additional recommendations, I knew I wanted to get to East Carson for some bar hopping.  I don't remember how far it was, but I am guessing about 1.5 miles, and a pretty straight shot.  During the day, I really had no problem with this.  At night however, I would suggest a cab back (as I did).  I walked down East Carson to a really fun beer bar - Smokin Joe's.  From there I wandered back Carson, heading towards the Sheraton, ping-ponging my way from bar to bar.  Cab'd back for about $5.00.  Perfect.  Awesome brunch the following morning, a 2 minute walk from the lobby of the Sheraton.  Back to the Sheraton, paid for parking, checked out, and I was back on my way home.  Easy access to the highway as well.  Great location.
3	Was here for a conference, the main lobby area is pretty spacious with lots of seating in the cafe/restaurant area.  Meeting rooms are bright and has good projectors, though I thought some of the room layouts were kind of weird, creating really long narrow rooms that made it hard for people in back to see the presenters in front.  Banquet room has nice dark paneled walls, with amazing views of the bridge, river, and downtown.
2	- rooms OK but a bit over the hill, - flickering fluorescent light in the bathroom, - a bit of pealed wallpaper- good beds- HORRIBLE SHOWER (hot but barely a trickle - Third world), boo.
3	Great location across the river from downtown Pittsburgh. Plenty of parking in a covered garage. The restaurant is adequate for breakfast but I'd go elsewhere for dinner.
1	Appears to have been a very nice property at one time, but is among the worst I've stayed at recently. Staff was friendly, but the entire hotel seemed to be coated in a film of filth. Elevators are glazed in ketchup, jelly, coffee and God-knows-what. Chairs in the dining room have obviously never been cleaned. I'm definitely not a germaphobe and I expect low-end properties to have issues, but this place is rotting with neglect.Something extra special is the difficulty in getting a cab from this hotel. You call, and they don't come. Eventually I got a ride from the shuttle driver to my place of business for the day. I had no trouble getting a cab back, so I asked what the problem was. According to the cabby, the bellman, "Ed", is running a scam where he requires a kickback on all pickups so the cabs have a boycott on the hotel. I did think it was odd that he had his own non-Sheraton business cards and offered "anything I needed".Not only will I not return, I'll be telling my associates at a local Federal law-enforcement activity to stop recommending it to visitors.
5	Stayed here for a wedding, upon arrival I was greeted outside and asked if I needed help. traveling with the wife and my infant son the answer was a resounding yes. John was the mans name and he helped us with bags, told us where to park and gave us tips on dinner, other than the hotel. Once we were settled we headed to the lobby to think about our dinner choices.  John then made our decision easier by giving us a voucher for a free appetizer at Grand Concourse. Problem solved. Had a great meal.During the next early morning our infant wasn't feeling well, I went to the lobby seeking directions to a pharmacy. Steve at the front desk explained it was a short walk, but then he just told me he would take me in the shuttle van. Awesome! We were in and not of cvs in no time, and back at the hotel, I thanked him for going beyond and helping me out.The rooms albeit a bit small were clean and the views were great. We had breakfast in our room and it too was delicious, very well done kitchen staff!I focus a lot o customer service, the place could be a dump but if they make you feel like family that goes a long way I my book. The Sheraton has done just that. Taken a classy hotel and staffed it with the best people possible. Takes the hassle out of travel, and they can count on my business again.
2	We paid $250.00 for our room and there was no hair dryer, not enough towels, mold on the ceiling in the shower,  on the shower curtain liner, and dirt or who knows what on the liner.  Good location, but the hotel itself leaves much to be desired. For the price, it was a big disappointment!
2	I was underwhelmed by this hotel. Let's face it, it's a Sheraton so I wasn't expecting it to be the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in, but at the same time I have come to expect a certain level of service and quality from the Starwood plan.  This being about my 6th Sheraton I have stayed at in the last year or so, I think I have it figured out what this hotel should be, what amenities I should come to expect, and what upgrades are usually provided with having SPG gold status.When I checked in on Friday night I was tired, coming down with a cold, and really just wanted to be home rather than checking into another hotel but unfortunately that wasn't an option on this particular weekend.  The check in desk girl was rude and extremely unhelpful - I get it, on a Friday night you are probably checking in a lot of people and are tired too, but it is your job to be friendly and give good information.Anyway, I was given a standard room, has to ask about parking (which the response was simply there is parking in the back or across in the garage....) and wasn't offered any info about the area, or the hotel.  The hotel room was fine - it is a little tired and could use some of the upgrades that they are starting to roll out at other Sheraton properties, but I didn't have anything to complain about at this point.Once I got in my room I called down about dry cleaning as this is a service which most hotels do not offer on the weekend - well I was pleasantly surprised when she said they do offer in on the weekends as long as it is in before 9am.  So I packed up all my laundry, and dropped it off on my way out to dinner - things were looking up at this point.  Also - this hotel is loud!  Between the trains rolling by, the hockey teams staying in the hotel with kids running down the halls, and the multiple wedding parties staying at the hotel this particular weekend, I was annoyed.On Saturday morning I stopped down at the desk to ask about how the parking charges worked - it was at this point that they told me that to have the in and out privileges that I would have had to bring the garage ticket down after I checked in?  This would have been helpful to know when I checked in.  Also, I thought I would just check to make sure the laundry had got picked up - as it turns out no, they don't have weekend laundry.  Needless to say, I spent the rest of my morning on Saturday scrambling to find somewhere else to get my laundry done before Monday morning, something that would have also been easier to do the night before.I ate breakfast one morning at the hotel restaurant and it was just ok - the service was great and the girl waiting on my table was helpful and gave me lots of good tips about the area.  I also stopped in the bar on Saturday night for a glass of wine and dessert after dinner and was greeted by great service there too.  I think the front desk staff here could take some lessons from others that work at this hotel!Overall, I was underwhelmed by my experience here and will probably pick another hotel the next time I am in Pittsburgh.  It is unfortunate seeing that this in the only hotel in the Station Square area which is a safe area to walk around and go to some decent bars and restaurants on the weekend but the convenience just isn't worth the lack of service and quality I experienced here.
2	This is a nice hotel with extremely comfortable beds and a nice view.  However there is no parking and it cost $18 a night to park in the parking garage.  My biggest issue with the hotel was the lack of items you received for your purchase.  Just keep in mind that the price you pay gives you only a room.
4	Fantastic lobby!Great view of the city!Very clean!Some noise from the hallway but not unusual. Would definitely stay here again.
3	Had a catered lunch here. It was ok. View was great. I'd go back for the free food but not if I had to pay for it.
4	Very nice clean room.The best part of the hotel is the AMAZING view of downtown Pittsburgh.  The hotel sits right on the Ohio River and you are able to watch boats go by and also have the pleasure to see trains run along the tracks right by the hotel.Additionally, the hotel is within walking distance of Station Square, a nice little area that includes shopping and restaurants.  I loved my stay there and was able to get a great price through Priceline.  About $125 total for 2 nights.The only downfall is the $20 parking fee.  That's lame but 70 bucks a night for 3.5 star hotel?  That's really a steal and a credit to Priceline!!! woot!
3	What a gorgeous view of Pittsburgh from this hotel!  If, that is, you're lucky enough to get a river-view room.  Which we did.Our room, however, only had the "good view" going for it.  It was spacious, but not particularly clean.  A bandaid in the corner of the room, a half used shower gel on the edge of the tub, dust in the corners and on the edge of the tables, and when we got into bed that night after a wedding reception downstairs we realized there was NO MATTRESS PAD!  Just one, VERY thin sheet.  Ick.  Ick. Ick. But at 2 a.m. and knowing the hotel was fully booked that night, there was nothing we could do but squeeze our eyes shut and try not to think about it.Upon checkout the staff member who checked us out did apologize and took $50 off our bill as an apology which I appreciated.  Overall a decent hotel, but nothing fancy.  The reception was nice, the food was good, and the open bar and bartenders were just fair.
3	Not worth the money.  Dribbling faucet in room 916, bed as hard as a rock, AC in the same room would grind to a stop.  Fruit flies in the lobby.  The view is great, great downtown access, but I can get 4 star in downtown Chicago for $50 less per night
1	I've seen holiday inns better than this.  It's filthy. Stained carpets, stuff sitting out in the hallways. Market doors, peeling paint, you can smell dust and mold.  Waited in SPG line for over 20 minutes to check in. Ridiculous. Got to room and change immediately. Wifi was horrible as well. There is not one good thing about this hotel. I'm here for business and its been a long time since I've seen something this bad.
2	We didn't pick this hotel, Priceline did, promising a three-star in downtown Pittsburgh. It was a last-minute deal ($80) and our first trip to the city. The problems began at the door. We had too much stuff to carry up ourselves and I looked around for a bellhop while my husband parked the car in the public garage across the way (as other reviewers have said: expensive).No bellhop. I asked the woman at the front desk and she spotted Jeff the bellhop and pointed him out across the lobby. I chased him down, and he said he'd be right out. He never came. I went int to find him and he'd done his disappearing act again.Fifteen minutes later, as we dragged our stuff up in two trips (the elevator's hard to find btw--down a hall beyond the gift shop), we passed him standing at his podium, doing nothing excepting studiously avoiding us. I complained to the woman at the desk and she apologized on his behalf, so I let it go.Then there was the room: 540. Oh my. A black substance (mold? I sooo hope not) along the ceiling/wall edge and in a giant blob near the AC vent, peeling wallpaper in several spots, filthy carpet, an off odor, and just an overall run-down look. It was late and we had just schlepped all our stuff in, but I wish we had asked for another room. Since we had prepaid, the front desk couldn't give us a price break so they comp'd us two full breakfasts. That's why two stars instead of one. They made some effort.The front desk was marginally helpful about stuff to do on a Sunday night ("nothing" she said at first).In the hotel, there were parties going on (football weekend) and, with the passing trains and worry about the black blob over our heads, I barely slept. I couldn't wait to get out of there in the morning.
4	A nice, comfortable, though a bit dated hotel with great location for scenic boat rides, walking, biking, boat rides, dining. shopping, sporting events...!  DETAILS: Our standard room is simply furnished with 2 full beds, coffee maker, iron/board. There is no safe, nor cooler, however. The room is quite comfortable and has free wifi access. Our window has a partial view of the river. The bathroom is small, though adequate. Wish it had a shower stall instead of a bathrub. The place is a bit old and needs better upkeep. The hotel does have a  nice pool and a fitness room. It also provides free shuttle service to anywhere within 3miles! Oh, yes, FREE morning coffee in the lobby, also. One can park on hotel's own lot or in the parking structure across the hotel, for $18/day (overnight, no in-and-out privilege) or $20/day with privilege. The Station Square is a large complex of shops, eateries, full of interesting and education historical artifacts, working rails for freight trains; docking for boat rides, hiking/biking paths along the river. The scenery of the river, bridges, stadiums, and the mountains is truly spectacular! In the evening, around 9:30 pm (?), there is even a firework display by the 3-river stadium. By the way, the famed Gandy Dancer Restaurant is nearby, also, among several other fine eateries! OUR EXPERIENCEMy wife and I enjoyed our nice long walk along the shoreline, ventured out to the downtown area (on the other side of the bridge) and back.  To our surprise, by 7:30pm, most businesses in downtown were closed, including restaurant! We only saw one small bar open! However, not to worry, most restaurants and bars in the Station Square are open late into the night.We stopped by Bar Louis and enjoyed our beers and bar food in its charming patio with a spectacular view of the river, bridges, boats, watching freight trains go by...and the beautiful firework!This is a nice place for a romantic getaway, family vacation, or business trip. The room price is reasonable, especially if you can get it through price line, hotwire, etc.
1	Location is nice, but that's all you get. This room was overpriced (river view room at 8th floor = $262 + tax) and not worth half of what it cost. Outdated rooms, funny smelling lobby, front desk staff less than accommodating. Wi-fi was free and we did get one unrequested cup of milk and 3 choc chip cookies sent to the room.Parking at the hotel lot  is not complimentary and it cost $18 per night. I will never stay there again.
2	For a Sheraton this is not the greatest.  The rooms are outdated, but more sickening is the skirt on the bed had visible stains.  Hello!  The people who clean can see it, why don't they remove it.  Many complaints we heard in the hotel, noise level is one.  Loud... people walking through the hallways are rude and loud after hours!  Doors slamming next door sound like they are coming in your room.  The only reason this location I can think gets the business is that they are in a great area, close to the stadiums and great dining.
3	Convienent boat access nearby for Steeler's/Pirates games and train access for the Penquins.   NYC prices in Pittsburgh.   With the 3 sports teams nearby they can command high prices for the weekend.   I can only add that the extra fee for the club level and what little it gets you is over priced.  Clean/comfortable with a nice pool/fitness area, but book early so you don't have to take that overpriced Club level!
1	Horrible management; they don't care about bad reviews or complaints because people still book it just because of the location. There were bugs in the bathroom and a strong smell of dust and mold. Call the "director" all you get is, oh you can have a free upgrade.. Um.. Ok.. You mean the upgrade that comes free for being a SPG top tier member #joke. Get it together.
3	Got a great rate for Turkey Day and the night after while in town visiting the Fella's relatives. We had a room with two double beds, a desk, a comfy chair, and a fridge for all those leftovers.  Gobble gobble!The Yay for Pittsburgh!: *This hotel is nicer than we expected it to be.  The lobby is pretty and, on Thanksgiving Day, was already decked out in holiday splendor.*The kids and the Fella loved the pool, which I hear was well-maintained and heated (though -like much of the establishment- overflowing with Canadian peewee hockey players, eh?).* Free wifi!*The room was clean and, despite a few stains on the underside of the coverlet and one large potato-shaped spot on the carpet, it smelled nice and fresh.*  The views were spectacular! Our room had a perfect view of the river and the incline which gave the kids lots to look at.  We all enjoyed a rather stunning sunrise that Saturday morning.* The area is quiet, calm, and safe. And the location itself is fantastic. Minutes to everything.* The recommended parking garage is located directly across the street.The Missin' my Jersey!:* That parking garage is still $15 per day for hotel guests. Ouch!* We declined housekeeping during our stay by on the written promise of a $5 nearby food voucher.  That voucher never materialized.  * The pillows!  They LOOK like marshmallows from heaven. And then you lay your head down. Whoosh!  You are now INSIDE of the marshmallow.  No cranium or neck support whatsoever.* Want to plug something in?  Bring a powerstrip.  * Want to bring more than two children?  Okay, don't want to bring more than two children but, y'know, HAVE to? (We understand. ;)  )  You may want to get a second room.  We have three that range in size form XS to Med (all under 10 years) and are all restless sleepers.  I'm talking arms and legs a'flailing like there's a midnight jig to be danced.  We requested a cot to split up the latenight footloose fest, but, alas!, fire code will not allow it in a room with two beds.  We settled for making the most awesomest of under-the-desk-nests ever for one little one.  (Glamping for the preschool set!)  Based on this experience, if we do this again next year, there'd be no avoiding the adjoining room.* Breakfast is not included. If you decide to dine in the hotel, you're definitely not affected by the pillow issue;  just place that fat wallet under your noggin at night! (You literally could buy two boxes of cereal elsewhere for the price of one bowl here.)  If you pack a more modest purse, the Fella recommends taking a fun, zippy ride up the incline to the MicroDiner.  Overall, a good place to stay.  Pack light on the roommates and heavy on the pillows and enjoy your holidays, eh?
1	My friend and I came here for a stay-cation to get away from the house after all of the Holiday craziness. The room was clean, accept for the throw up that hadn't been washed out of the bath tub. I think the thing that really got to me was housekeeping knocking and entering my room ay 7:40 am to clean the room. It was so unbelievable! I really just wanted to sleep in!!
2	Not impressed.... Booked through Hotwire to get a good deal and didn't know what hotel I was booking with at the time. Hotwire advertises 4-star hotels for half the cost, but does so anonymously until you've actually booked. It's definitely half the cost in comparison to booking through the hotel  itself, as I checked the rates... That said, I cannot believe anyone would pay the actual rates for this place ($150+ per night.)Going to start this with the negatives I hopes of ending on a positive note...1.) Rooms are definitely outdated and kind of dingy. There are cracks where the ceiling and the wall meet and those cracks have brown stains. Gross.2.) Parking is $18.00!!! I asked where to park and was told to pull around back. It wasn't until we were ready to get our car out that we were informed it was $18.00. Don't you think you should let your customers know that ahead of time?!? Because that is a ridiculous rate to charge, especially when there are other options, like the $7.00 lot across the street.3.) Paid for parking with a $20 and didn't get change back from the machine. Took the receipt to the front desk and let them know what happened. I was told I needed to go to another office and fill out some paperwork to get the $2.00. We were checking out and in a hurry. I wonder how many other people have said "To hell with that for $2.00."4.) I've stayed at 2 star motels that have provided basic amenities like shampoo, conditioner, and lotion... This place had 1 single bar of soap and used toilet paper rolls. 5.) Would have thought a classy joint like the Sheraton would have mini-fridges in their rooms... Especially with so many restaurants surrounding it. Maybe I'm not normal for never being able to finish a restaurant meal and always having leftovers to take home.6.) Starbucks is rarely open. Not sure what the hours are but I'm pretty sure they are only open first thing in the morning... And our room only had one regular and one decaf to brew in our room.... And empty packets of sweetener. Awesome. 7.) They offer a "Go Green" option where you can forgo housekeeping and in return get a $5.00 voucher... Put the tag on our door, didn't get housekeeping for 2 days... Also, didn't get any type of voucher.8.) Did have a view of Heinz field and the river.9.) Location is excellent.10.) They do have a fitness center, pool, and a sauna.I feel like boasting a TV with cable and free wifi is silly and pretty much standard in any motel/hotel these days... They even have $16.00 movies to rent! (People willing to spend $16.00 to rent a movie are probably staying here.)
2	All of the positives are similar to those mentioned in previous posts... -We LOVED the location. It was sooo unbelievably cold outside we didn't want to walk too far, so being able to walk for 2 minutes to a coffee shop, restaurants and a few shops was great!-The lobby, fitness center and pool were really nice. The negatives...-$18 to park is ridiculous, but I found this was the case throughout all of Pittsburgh. It's nearly impossible to go anywhere without having to pay to park.-After just finding out I have to pay $18 to park, I did NOT want to tip a bellhop, so I asked for a luggage cart so we could take up our own bags. He said he couldn't give us a cart unless we also allowed him to help. So there was another expense before I even got to my room!-Everyone seems very confused... the front desk and the piece of paper with hotel details had conflicting information about the pool hours, etc.-The walls are paper thin. I heard the man in the next room cough, flush the toilet, turn on the hair dryer, etc. We were also across from the ice machine, which I heard every time.-After listening to the man next door get ready and leave at 8am, the REALLY loud noises started. We were on the 10th floor, and I'm not sure if they were using a jackhammer on the 11th floor, but that's sure what it sounded like. It wasn't just in our room, you could hear the noises in the hallway and in the elevator. If construction is going on, they should probably warn their guests, or put non-vacationing guests below the construction. If I were there on business, I wouldn't have even known about the noises since they started around 8:30am. Instead I was looking forward to sleeping in on my vacation, but didn't get to. Not to mention I got to listen to the loud, obnoxious noise the whole time I showered and got ready.-BRING YOUR OWN FOOD AND DRINKS. I was thirsty and my boyfriend was hungry. He took $5 down to the vending machine and came back with a snack bag of chips and one soda. I didn't know we would be paying stadium prices for food and drinks from vending machines.-I booked 3 months prior to our trip through priceline and called immediately to request a King size bed. I'm pretty sure they didn't even make a note of it or attempt to accommodate us.-I am positive that I left my Swarovski ring on the nighstand, but they told me that housekeeping didn't see it (check her hand, she's probably wearing it)Overall our stay here wasn't great, but you can't beat the location. If the renovations are complete next time I want to go to Pittsburgh I would consider this hotel purely for the location and great rates through priceline, but I would make sure I brought my own snacks/drinks and plan for an early morning.
1	Hotel is dirty... Ceiling falling apart, mold on the tiles, dated... I've seen better quality at less reputable brands. Save your money. Management also sucks! The health department should be contacted. This is my 11th time here and the filth I find never seems to amaze me
1	The hotel is fine, but the transportation is a huge challenge. They have a shuttle, but can take a long time to return from other runs. Even calling a taxi, they recommend an hour in advance. It is not on a main road so you can't walk out and hail one yourself. You must plan how you will get to meetings or dinner.Update!  This morning they told me they couldn't even guarantee a cab with a one hour window.  They were not even nice about it. Don't stay here if you need transportation. Friends stayed at the Westin and had no problems. Better location and cabs were available at the door.
2	I chose this hotel because it's where I always stayed as a kid with my family. Too bad nothing has changed since. The hotel is outdated, the furniture is banged up and even the doors themselves could use a serious coat of paint. We had to have an engineer come up and replace two light bulbs upon walking into our room. For what I'm paying I would have expected something better than motel 6. You can hear EVERYTHING outside of your room so if you're a light sleeper forget about it. Not worth it for the location.
3	Very friendly staff. Sucks you have to pay for wifi. Room decor is outdated. The water pressure in the showers was really bad.
2	The staff is friendly, it's all downhill from there.Room 1122 don't book this room if you need to sleep, between the train, the ice machine and the AC/heat wall unit no sleep.Peeling wallpaper in the common areas, outdated.decor.Food was cold at lunch.No outlets available to charge anything.
3	The room was spacious and clean.  Staff was helpful and friendly.Food is very expensive.  Parking is pricey, even for hotel guests.  The furniture, especially in the lobby, is clean but pretty worn.My bathtub wasn't draining, and despite telling the front desk twice it wasn't remedied, so I took showers up to my ankles in water.   No free wifi, which is a bummer these days.Great location as far as walkable restaurants nearby.I got my room at a nice discount.  Had I paid the regular full rate I would not rate it as highly, as for that much money I expect better.
2	This place is clearly priced for the location, which is near a lot of places. Staff was kind. Random drilling and sawing at 6am kinda ruined the experience.
1	I stayed last year in this hotel around august for one of my business trips for close to one week. While the rooms and comfort level of the hotel was average, the staff service was horrible. On the last day of my stay in the room i noticed that some of the staff had written  comments in the mirror using water proof pen.The writings became evident in the mirror when the bathroom was steamed while taking bath. I found this extremely unprofessional and intruding , i have stayed in few other sheraton properties around the northeast region and as a female professional travelling for business purposes i have never felt uneasy staying at any of the starwood properties. This one is by far one of the worst housekeeping service i have ever come across.
2	So where do I start... First off the room was a little pricey for what it was. I'm sure it was because of the location, but to pay a high price and to then have to pay $21 a day for parking is ridiculous! Also when I checked in the girl wasn't the friendliest and when I asked about parking she just pointed and never even mentioned the cost which I feel they should. The only great thing about this place was the view, which was really nice from the bar / lounge area. The room was clean and the bed was comfy, but the room did have an odd smell to it. It looks like they are doing some renovations so it might be nicer down the road. Also, when we called the front desk the 2nd girl I was handed off to was not friendly at all. Customer service is huge with me so that's a big downfall! Honestly the location is great, but I doubt I'd stay here again when I have to pay extra for parking and the prices were already high. It could have been due do the events going on as well, but I'm not sure.
1	My brother had a wedding reception at the hotel in June. There were about 300 guests there and the place was packed. When I first came to check in at 5:30 (it starts at 4) they told me my room wasn't ready? So I went to the reception with all my family's stuff and waited for a call till it was ready. Then after the reception ended and majority of the guest left, I packed up 4 mini iPads for my kids along with some clothes. But had been in a rush to leave that I forgot the bag on the reception table. Since we stayed at the hotel that night we came downstairs in the morning when we realized they were missing, asked the front desk but they claimed nothing was turned in. So we went home asking everyone at the wedding if anyone had taken it and no one had. Then we returned back to the Sheraton and asked the front desk if there was a camera in the reception room and she said yes but the head of security wasn't in. She left to go talk to a manager and came back to tell us that there weren't any cameras in the room but only the hallways?? What kind of high end hotel doesn't have cameras in a big reception hall where all the gifts and cards are stored. They took down my information and said they would be in contact, I've also tried to contact them 3 times and have heard nothing back. I've been a Starwood preferred member for years and to be treated like that with such poor management is horrifying, especially considering how much money we put into the hotel wedding reception. There is clearly a theft somewhere. Very disappointed in this hotel.
1	Very disappointing.The negatives began before we were even able to check in. The "door man" in front of the hotel was rude to us as we were unloading out luggage. As soon as we pulled up to unload he told us rudely that the parking lot is across the street as if he didn't even want us stopping for three minutes to unload the car.After a long day of traveling we were ready to get into our rooms and take a quick nap before going out to dinner and meeting up with our family. We arrived at the hotel around 4:00pm, tried to check in to our reserved rooms and were told that the rooms were not ready yet. According to the hotel's website the checkin time is 3:00pm so we were upset that the hotel made us wait in the lobby for two hours before finally being able to check in.The majority of the hotel was under construction and the front desk staff was very rude and did not seem to care about any of our issues.I would never stay here again, and I would think twice about staying at another Sheraton property as this was one of the first I had been to.
4	I had a completely different experience than the past few reviewers...maybe by luck or maybe because I'm an spg member (free to join).I booked a government rate and got hooked up with a 2-room king suite. SOOO much room for activities! I could do 3 cartwheels in a row (don't judge me). I also had free wifi through-out the hotel (must have been included in the rate?).My room was nice, but humid one day. They are doing construction, but must not have upgraded the hvac yet. Amazing view of downtown!! Super comfy bed! The train does run right next to the hotel, but it never woke me up (I'm a light sleeper, too).Great location for running trails and descent gym-bring some workout clothes!Don't waste your $$ on the breakfast buffet- no better than the free one at Hampton inn, etc. The food was actually great, but pricey. I liked the lobby bar, but no happy hour specials. Check out the restaurants in station square for happy hour. I also got a $20 credit/day for bfast in the rate, better than any hotel downtown. I opted for the "green" credit (no new towels, etc) and got $5/day credit for drinks. Made the lobby bar more reasonable!Shop smart for rates people!!
1	It is a shame this place was not better. It has a good view and my room was ok. That is where the positives end! The staff was rude, unhelpful, and extremely scarce! I paid for club level room but had to take one not on the club floor. No big deal though. i can ride an elevator. Wish I hadn't bothered! It was a joke! DO NOT PAY FOR THIS!!!In fact STAY ELSEWHERE!!!!! I spent 300/night for inedible room service, a sorry concierge lounge, and rude desk staff!
3	I stayed here on my way across the country. Beautiful hotel, location, and rooms. Free wifi also!When I arrived there was a issue with my prepay and I had to submit a new credit card. I ordered a few steaks for my girlfriend and I thinking it would be a treat, the steak tasted like it was cooked in a microwave. The person who delivered the food was a sweetheart I believe her name was Edisa?
3	Pros: Room is clean, beds are comfortable, staff is very friendly, view is pretty. Cons: Everything is EXTREMELY overpriced. We thought about ordering room service for breakfast, but who is willing to pay $21 for bacon, eggs, and toast?! We got a decent rate on the hotel but then had to pay over $50 bucks in parking for two nights. I ordered a martini (for $13) but was told I wasn't allowed to bring my martini glass up to my room- but in a rocks glass was acceptable. Renovations made for a early morning; we woke up to hammering and drilling. There was a sprinkler set up in the evening watering the plants out front. It was nearly impossible to get to the front door without either getting sprayed or walking through a huge puddle.
4	This hotel was actually quite nice. Located across the river from Downtown Pittsburgh, there's plenty of activity around to keep you busy. The staff were very nice, the rooms were clean and updated, plenty of outlets for your electronics.I did have room service, and I must say I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food; it was quite delicious (I had the chicken soup and potstickers). There's a parking garage right across from the hotel, nice and convenient. I don't know what it cost because a coworker did the driving this time.
4	I have stayed at the Sheraton Station Square Hotel about 10 times now, over the last decade.  I am usually there on busy weekends, so the check-in time can sometimes take a few minutes, but there are always a bellhop outside to take your bags up to your room.  For as many years as I have been staying at the Sheraton Station Square the rooms have not aged.  I think the hotel recently went under some renovations, but the rooms have always been clean with super comfortable beds and pillows.  My only complaint would probably be the same as every hotel, we tend to run out of towels and toilet paper before the maid's daily visit.  We usually have to find her in the hallway or call the front desk to get a refill.
3	My wife and 2 children stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. For the price that I paid through Hotwire, it was a great deal. If I would have paid the regular price, I would have been disappointed. However, it was over all a pleasant experience. Here are my pros and cons:PROS:1) nice, clean, and spacious2) big pool and jacuzzi that were open late3) Starbucks coffee in the room4) very friendly workers who all were wonderful in helping and had pleasant conversations with5) great view from the room, nice location6) within walking distance of an array of restaurants CONS:1) parking was extremely expensive2) we didn't eat at the hotel restaurant because it was too expensive 3) housekeeping did not replenish the toiletry items (shampoo, soap, etc) and threw out clothes on the floor. 4) I called guest services for more coffee and was told it would be right up, which never happened.Again, for the price I paid, it was worth it. Full price, not so much.
1	Worst hotel in a long time...  Upon arrival in my room I found several strands of hair in my tub and the tile looked unclean.  My soap dish was dirty from the previous occupant/s and mirrors riddled with fingerprints and toothbrushing splatters.  It was nice to actually have glasses, a rarity in a Sheraton, but they were filthy and smudgy too.  I envisioned the cleaning person spitting into the glass and polishing it up with a wash cloth before it was rolled up and staged for my arrival.  Every surface had an accumulation of dust only Father Time can pile on.  When I moved the ice bucket, there was a perfectly clean circle surrounded by gray filth.At this point, I decided I should probably check the bed.  When I pulled back the covers, I found several black specs and the mattress cover sheet appeared wrinkled as if the bed was just straightened after the last guest and not actually stripped and changed.  To top it off there was a small squiggly insect (not a bedbug) cruising around.  I was not impressed.I have given this Sheraton one star because after I called the staff, they were apologetic, friendly, and helpful.  The front desk sent a cleaning person from house keeping to clean the bathroom and strip and replace the sheets on the bed.  I hope the company travel agent doesn't book here again.
3	The hotel itself was nice enough.  There had been some remodeling done recently so it was updated.  The biggest downfalls were its location and front desk staff.  If you are going to stay at this location, rent a car.  It is a much farther walk to heinz stadium and other major locations than other hotels such as hyatt.  As far as the staff, they were less than friendly.  Which isn't super important since you are either gone, or in your room so you dont have to deal with them much, but still, you are in the customer service industry.
3	We got a rate of $80+tax for a Friday night in December, and were plenty happy with the price.  The room was clean and well-apportioned, and the property's inside looks wonderful - especially the lobby.BUT...Only one device on the WiFi?  That's absurd for anybody who travels more than once a year.  And they have a "business centre" (read: 3 computers in the lobby for several hundred guests to use) that they try to pass off as the "plentiful free WiFi" throughout the hotel.Pool and hot tub closed for undisclosed amount of time for undisclosed reason.  Stupid.Nobody really attending the front desk.  And not the most hospitable welcome I've ever had.Oh, and we booked a king-bed room, and they said on arrival that "we certainly don't have one of those left!!"  Well why book it for us then?!  They gave us a double-bed room instead, and tried to pass it off as the same thing by offering it as "river view".  Well first, the view was partial, and second, that's not the same thing at all!  Then when I asked if I could link up my SPG account and ask if it would help in any way, they said "YES, it gets you a river-view room!  How wonderful for you!!"  We already had one!!  My lord, not great customer service, but hey - it's a Sheraton, who is quickly becoming the McDonalds of the upper-middle hotel chains.
3	I've stayed in a number of hotels, including SPG properties, in and around Pittsburgh and the Sheraton Pittsburgh Hotel at Station Square is a solid 3 stars in my book.  Stayed for business Dec 29-30th; and got a nice rate of $100.  Thought this was a good value since I've seen the rates here into the high $200s during the summer.  Arrived around 5pm to find a very busy front desk. Despite the crowds check in went smoothly.  No rooms were available on the SPG fIoors, no biggie, but I was still confused as to why the Club Lounge was not in operation during our stay.  As a goodwill gesture I was given a comp drink at the bar (up to $15); thanks Charles.  Greatly appreciated the upgrade to a Riverview Room (625) which had a stunning view of Pittsburgh which included the city's Christmas Tree.  Room was a great size and came with standard Sheraton amenities, comp bottle of water, Starbucks Coffee and was equipped with a fridge.The Lobby Bar had a nice chillax vibe and Kevin the bartender provided good drinks and nice conversation.  Only catch, it was a bit drafty so I'd suggest sitting at the opposite side of the main doors during the winter months.  It's $21 to park in the small surface lot at the hotel. Or there is a parking garage adjacent to the Sheraton which I believe is also $21 for 24 hours.  I found the surface lot the easiest; just drive straight after the loading zone. There is no covered bridge or walkway from garage, you have to come back down to street level to enter hotel.     Hotel is situated in Station Square with lots of "Big Box" restaurants like Hard Rock, Buca di Beppo, etc.  There is a semi decent sushi place located inside the mall there, not the best I've ever had but it did the job and service was great.  There is a Starbucks in the lobby in case you don't have time to brew in the room. Overall, stay met our needs, it was clean & comfortable with nice service from the front desk & bar.  Don't think I'll be back if staying in Pittsburgh again, wasn't really impressed with the Station Square area or the parking fee.
4	No complaints -- friendly, clean, super comfy bed and the perfect hotel from which to catch a Steelers game at Heinz Field.
