1	I used to be very supportive of this business, but it is increasingly going downhill, and becoming very frustrating to work with. In September 2008 I purchased a hybrid with them. The sales process was very irritating, and filled with me being lied to. They sold me a 2008 civic hybrid model, telling me it was a 2009. We didn't find out until we went to try to use the bluetooth and USB that was supposed to be included in it, only to find them missing. They refused to correct the situation, and offered a couple of extras when I demanded my older '05 civic back. We grudgingly accepted, and had them install aftermarket bluetooth and tint and a few other things in the car. The tint appointment was made for a Saturday, only to have us come in and a service employee "Jason" be incredibly rude to us and claim they don't do tint on Saturdays and that whoever made the appointment didn't know what they were doing. (Funny that the person who made the appointment is the customer service manager.) They tried to make the excuse that they didn't have any '09's and didn't know that's what we wanted. (Despite us saying at least 30 times that we wanted an '09 civic hybrid.) Cue a week or so ago, when I popped open the Satnav DVD port, only to find not a 2008 DVD, but a 2006 DVD. I was kind of irate about this, and contacted them to find out why I was given a data disc that was 3 years old for my new car last year. The manager on duty said "I don't know. Why would they do that?" and then brushed me off to someone else. I'm still trying to get this fixed after about 6 or 7 calls. You would think when someone spends $32,000 on a new car, that they should be getting everything correct and up to date.The other incident happened this spring when I sent a referral in to purchase a used car. This person had decent credit, and a half down payment for the car, only to be given a long, drawn out hassle in the process. She was sent rejection letters, after she had been approved, telling her she had to bring the car back... the papers had already been signed, and she was given an approval from the loan company. There seriously needs to be some shake-up there with the staff. All the other Honda dealerships I've purchased from have been honest with me about things, and I've always had a brand loyalty to the company. I know I'll never come back to this one for anything more than basic maintenance.
1	CROOKS!!!!!  I took my 2005 Accord Hybrid there to fix a window under warranty and asked them to check the rear brakes.   I had the front brakes done back in January.  They checked and said the rear should be replaced because they were down 75%.  I declined the work thinking that the rear brakes should not be done.  Now I wonder if the front brakes should have been done back in January.  This was done with another Honda dealer. I recommend you go to Sun Auto Service because they said my rear brakes were only down 30%.  That's a big difference!!!!!!!
3	I only use dealership for parts,as I believe there are better mechanic elsewhere??? Anyway I did not have any issues,as I had the part that need to be replaced which was the Honda CRV headlight bulb(halogen). The parts associate was helpful ,as to inform me ,that the part I needed, slipped out of the slot and show me how the part I bought is slotted ,so there was no questions with the part I got..All and all I was able to replace the part with the help of youtube video, on how to replace the headlight bulb..Now I would probably not use their service,as it would be a costly event?
1	It's really outrageous and egregious that a dealership of this caliber would have such a low brow, trashy Sales Manager under their employ. Our experience was with Kevin. We unfortunately purchased a Chevy Tahoe from Findlay Honda. It had several things done to it such as 22 inch rims, it was lowered and had an audio/ video system. The sad part was at the time none of the Chevy dealerships in town had a black Tahoe LTZ and Findlay Honda had it. As I test drove it, I made mention of the horrible ride, he had the audacity to explain it away as road construction. What the moron failed to explain is that this was a 4 wheel drive and some idiot who was barely a step above functionally retarded thought it was acceptable to use a 2 wheel drive kit to lower it. The shocks were also completely blown. Took it to Discount Tire three weeks after I purchased it because my tire indicator kept going off. I had 1/16 of an inch of tread left on my front right tire. 700.00 in tires later and one angry phone call to Findlay Honda and I was given the run around. 1900.00 in shocks and springs to restore my suspension to decent "don't chip your teeth during the ride" height. This time a visit back to the very same "Hey Pal" showroom. After explaining our position to another gentleman at the counter Kevin was called out to deal with me. He came out bearing gifts; two free drink passes at their cafe. I know, I am still reeling from the excitement too. During our visit to their soda fountain/ chips from Costco Cafe, their mechanics looked at it. Since they mysteriously lost my vehicle inspection report and couldn't provide it to me, they suggested I go over to Findlay Customs because, "We think that's who did the work on it." Went over to Findlay Customs and they said they never worked on this vehicle and verified that for me by checking my VIN. Weird, a business that actually maintains their paperwork. Back to Honda and Kevin. Walk in, thank him for wasting more of my time and insulting a quality business by suggesting that this half assed, rigged up work was theirs. I at that point demand that he ( not personally as he is neither smart enough nor talented enough) get this fixed. He then looks me in the eye and says, " How do I know you didn't off road this vehicle?" Well Kevin, that's simple. The low profile twenty two inch black powder coated rims would be full of flat spots and scratched all to hades and beyond. The black exterior paint would be filthy and scratched as would all of the undercarriage. Oh yeah, and I am 7 months pregnant at this point in our little venture so I really wasn't up to turfing this truck idiot. I was home on bed rest. Thanks though for the crap tires that could have blown out and killed myself and my unborn baby. Thoughtful of you, you classless jerk. Suffice to say I did a bit of unladylike yelling. In fact if I recall correctly, something about driving the effing truck through his showroom floor and throwing the keys at him. Not one of my finer moments, but I was in fact hormonal and he was messing with my car that I love. Did they fix anything? No. Did they reimburse me for all the money I spent? No. Did he offer any sort of apology? Not in the slightest. Moral of this story is that he is lacking as a human being and his customer service skills are undesirable. This same chode had the audacity to ask just prior to this if I would still "Hook him up with a helicopter ride" Kevin, I would LOVE to take you on a helicopter ride. Not so much so I could mistreat you or leave you somewhere but so that you could get a shot at seeing how a true and ethical business is run. One where customer service and guest satisfaction means something. It's the Golden Rule. Apply it to some faction of your life otherwise you will continue to be the sweaty, unkempt, unprofessional sheister that you are. Sadly, you have screwed so many people over that you probably have no clue who this is, or you do and you are still too much of a coward to man up and make it right. A quick sale to make your quota is what you are all about, try thinking ahead to the fact that people purchase multiple cars and share their experiences with others. You need to look at a bigger picture, it may provide you with some job security.
5	I have been going to the Honda dealership since I bought my accord in 2002. I know that most people think auto repair places are always trying to rip you off and rip you off some more. Contrary to that, these guys do the job right and in a timely manner. I am sure that their prices are a little higher than independent shops, but they go above and beyond on service.Some of the service departments normal "extras" include: car washes with oil changes and other services, Shuttle pick up and drop off if you don't have a ride, express lube that gets you in and out for a quick oil change.In addition to their normal 'extras' I feel they deserve credit for really looking out for their customers. For example, recently my drivers side sun visor broke. It wouldn't stay up or down but only in between and totally blocking my view of the road. I went in to have them look at it and the service rep said that they could fix it for me but it was an easy repair that I could do with a screwdriver. She pointed me over to the parts counter and got my sun-visor ordered and then explained to me how to install it. She saved me a few bucks in labor and it was as easy as she said. The parts department called me as soon as the part was in and I put it in myself in the parking lot!Another story I love is about the express lube. I brought my car in and they quickly finished all the work. When I went to pay I realized that I had left my wallet at home. I tried to use my wife's card, but the service rep said they don't take cards over the phone. Right after he said that he looked me up and said they would cover it for me because I was a good customer and they appreciated my business!Findlay Honda service department get's it! Treat your customers right and honestly and they'll stay loyal.
1	For the record, they don't deserve 1 star. Let me be clear BUYER BEWARE when dealing with FINDLAY HONDA HENDERSON. They're a bunch of liars and manipulators. Thank you for perpetuating the used car salesman stereotype. These boys are slimy to the core...I mean they would sell out their own mamas, if they could make a buck. I went in on a Saturday with somewhat of a notion that I would probably buy. I had my heart set on a Honda CR-V XL complete with the nav system. I've been planning & saving for one for 6 months. I wanted all the bells and whistles because I keep my cars for 8-10 yrs. minimum. Plus, my trade-in was 8 yrs old and was warn out. Anyway, my wonderful salesman (you know who you are) told me with out a beat that there were no CRVs with nav available in Las Vegas. He said that because of the incident in Japan that one won't be available for 8 months and the prices were sure to go up. It seemed plausible, and my car probably wouldn't hold up that long. So, i bought one without nav. Come to find out on Monday he was full of crap. Desert Honda had 4 of them. By that time I had purchased and had no way out even tho they strung me along all day believing I could swap it out. Just to add insult to injury, no less than a week later a crack in the windshield appeared. No sign of impact from a rock or other object. It looks like a pressure crack or stress fracture. Of course I bought the coverage for windshields and dings, which now I'm getting the run around on. I can't EVER get ANYone from finance on the phone. Now, they're telling me it only covers chips. The only exceptions to this review would be Jason in service and Debbie who answered my call.I'm an avid Honda owner and have purchased vehicles in the past used and new. I've had nothing but good experiences with my Hondas. This would be my 3rd one & by far the worst experience of my life. My experience with Desert Honda was very pleasant and I enjoyed my car immensely for 8 years. A car is a huge expense for many and an extreme necessity for most. I felt hugely taken advantage of and betrayed. If I had it to do over, make no mistake I would see Kenny at Desert Honda.Btw, that 5 star review looks like the cheese bomb sales manager at Findlay Honda Henderson. What a tool.Last but not least the address is wrong. It's 933 Auto Show Drive.
4	I recently bought a new Odyssey and dealt with Obi Davis.  He was upfront and honest with us and the process was pretty painless as far as car deals go.  I had another experience late last year with a salesman who was just plain awful.  No tack, and I felt I was talking down to me due to the fact that I was a woman.  The normal dealer "tricks" and lies do not work with my  husband or I.  We do TONS of research and know the games dealers play.  We did our deal no including a trade in because we know how dealers like to play with numbers to make you think you are getting a great deal.  When we picked up the van we talked about the trade in and couldn't come to an agreement which we already knew since the dealer won't give you anything close to what the car is worth.  And if they do, they are playing with the price of the car you are purchasing somehow.  I took off a star because their play area is pathetic.  I am sure Findlay isn't hurting for money at all, couldn't they have something a tad bit better?  I have taken my Accord in for service here on previous occasions and all of those experiences have been good.  I do have to disagree with the price they charge to change an air filter though, it is so expensive and cannot be that labor intensive.  All in all a good experience.
3	When I first called to make an appointment, the gentleman on the phone was incredibly helpful and polite. He said he would call me back the next day to confirm my order and he never did. I called back and he said "oh, I just went ahead and ordered it." That seemed a little odd to me, but I was desperate for the part and went with it. Upon arrival, I was impressed with the facilities. You were given a ticket for a free coffee/pop while you waited, and a nice sitting area with a flat screen TV to pass the time. Which is probably a good thing because I had to wait a ridiculously long time for my service. With a schedule appointment, it took them 1.5 hours to change my tire. Last time I checked, discount tire and everywhere else does it in 15 minutes...Overall a very mixed experience.
5	**Review fror the service department**Thankfully my Honda has only needed to visit "the docter's office" a handful of times (thank you baby for being reliable for 123,000 miles and counting!). I must say each time my Honda has been to the service department at Findlay Honday its been a great experience. I have had my belts replaced here and my airbags (manufacturer's defect). Most recently I brought my baby in because the check engine light kept coming on and the engine was idling high at stoplights. Jason was my service advisor and assured me my car was in good hands. Shortly after I dropped my vehicle off he called with the diagnostic: my EGR valve was clogged and needed to be replaced. The EGR valve is a pretty important little bugger in your emission's system: it is in charge of making sure your car burns gas efficiently. I gave Jason the okay to go ahead with the repair and he said it should be done at 4:00pm. 4:00pm rolled around and I got the call that my vehicle was ready to go. Printed a 10% off coupon from Findlay Honda's website and went to grab my car. Easy. The way car repair should be.I would have never thought I would be so happy and trusting of service from a dealership. Let's face it, dealerships don't always have the best reputations. Each visit I've made to the service department at Findlay Honda has been pain free (well, except my wallet, no one ever said car repair is cheap!!). The technicians are knownledgeable and helpful; most importantly they are polite. I greatly appreciate that their technicians never speak to you in a demeaning manner. Tips to make your improve your experience:-Call ahead and make an appointment if possible.-Arrange for a ride to and from the delearship, their lounge is comfy, but you can get a lot more accomplished if you plan your day around your repair.-Check the website for coupons/deals!! It never hurt anyone to save a couple buck$$$
5	I am giving a five star rating based on a single warranty service visit. As that is all I have to go by, it was a legit five star experience. I bought a 2009 Ridgeline with 23K on it, so plenty of warranty left. When I drove the vehicle home, I realized the headliner (the moulding that holds the top/center brake light that is as wide as the entire car) vibrated at 75 mph. I took it in to Findlay Honda on Auto Show and the Service Rep told me that this would be covered under warranty. He then brought a mechanic out to tell him eactly what parts he needed to order. I very much appreciated it because the mechanic had him order any part that COULD be broken in the assembly so he had all the parts when he went to fix it. Basic concept, but how often does that NOT happen? They also ordered the driver's door seal that had been torn.They called me three days later and had my car in and out the next day. I had them cut a spare key for me and it works great. It has been several weeks and the repairs are still perfect.I have lived in Vegas for over a decade and my experience with the Findlay group has been good. Findlay had a Saturn dealership across the street from this Honda place, and they used to let our Book Study Group use their Community Room for free, and I very much appreciated it. Now I've had good service from their Honda dealership.
4	I have purchased one vehicle here.  I think it got a good deal but buying a new car sucks, no way around that.I have gone here for all of the service, regular oil changes and major service, for both of my Honda vehicles and have never had any problems.  Ordering parts that are not in stock is easy and quick and I have never had a problem with work done although I have never had anything too major.I go here every 3,000 miles to get my oil changed.  They are quick and professional and a good price.  I always buy the 4 oil change package for $100.  This package inludes a wash with every visit as well as two tire rotations.  I have been very happy dealing with several members of the service staff.  Close to my house, I'll keep going here for all of my service.
1	Apparently at Findlay Honda, no doesn't mean no. Last year we had to trade in our Civic Hybrid because of that battery update crap, which lowered our MPG to around 30, rather than the 50 that was advertised. We took it into Findlay in March 2011 and asked them why it was doing this. We had done the upgrade over at Desert Honda. Turns out, Desert Honda had cracked our gas tank.... (then tried to pressure us into buying a $33,000 Used Accord that stunk because one of the salesmen had been using it for personal use)So we traded in the car for a 2011 Civic. Unfortunately, since then, we have received repeated solicitations and surveys from Findlay Honda, by mail and phone.The first two surveys, we answered nicely, but within 2 weeks of purchase, we had received 8 of them. I filed a complaint with the Service manager, and stated that I did not want to receive anymore calls or mailings from Findlay. I still, about once a month, receive calls surveying or soliciting us. Today's call, resulted in the woman interrupting me repeatedly, then hanging up on me when I informed her for the third time during the call that we wanted to be removed from the mailing list. This harassing behavior needs to stop, and when I called back and spoke to another staff member, I informed them that it has cost them a customer. I won't be buying a Honda or referring anyone to them again....The worst part, is that since I had to trade in my hybrid, I can't really be sue them over it, like other people are doing, so now I'm out $10,000...
2	Overall, I like this place.1.  I have purchased three Honda's from here in 6 years.2.  I take my cars there all the time for service. I know the service express manager well enough.3.  I take care of my cars.4.  Not sure why the sales staff at Findlay treat me like I am not honorable.5.  Test drove a Pilot there on Saturday night before closing. Wanted to discuss a trade in and the manager was not there, so I had to come back Monday morning.6.  The trade in manager was not there, the internet managers were not there except for one. He remembered me and was busy with another client so he set me up with a normal sales guy.7.  This guy does no research or facts, I have to repeat myself three times, he wants to sell me the car for higher than I was originally quoted. He wants me to sign a statement I will buy the car if he meets certain requirements, he wants me to show him my check to show I am serious.  I told him to stop insulting me.8.  Finally, after 1 hour, and after telling them I had to be out of there by 11:30 am, I get to see another manager and the deal is done in 20 minutes. 9. I asked them to start the car with the clean up people while we wait for finance and all to finish with me and they don't start till way late.10. End result is that I am late, I am annoyed, and I had to push them along.11.  Never did they offer me a drink, like the service people do, never did the manager shake my hand to congratulate me, although the finance guy and the sales guy did.Not sure why I still buy from this place, but I like Honda's.  If you are looking for a car, be careful of this place.  Great product, however, the sales staff is a mirror of their management and I dealt with the management and it was less than enjoyable.
4	While on vacation in Las Vegas, a warning light activated on our new Honda. Findlay Honda got us in and checked it out in about 2.5 hours. Not bad at all for an unscheduled warranty visit.The service rep was very helpful and efficient. A comfortable waiting area is available and only the car-dealer antics mar the quiet, but they weren't a problem.  Overall, I was quite pleased with the service provided and would not hesitate to recommend them for warranty service or repairs.
1	Findlay Honda in Henderson has changed - for the worse.  Two years ago I bought a 2010 Odyssey Touring from them and had a fairly easy time making a very good deal.  There were no cheap tricks.  Recently I visited the same dealership and brought the 2010 Odyssey with 18700 miles on it and still in excellent condition to see if I could leverage a deal.  The slime oozed from them starting with the very first mention of cost.  I told them up front I would be paying cash just as I had before.  They still asked to hold a credit card so "they could make me a great deal".  They asked me to fill out a credit application.  Four times I went through them trying to get me to commit to "if they can get the price right was I going to buy a car from them today".  They wanted to settle a deal for the new Odyssey even before I had all the cost info, like how much an extended warranty would cost (which I wanted in the deal).  Their blue book figure was $5000 below mine.  They passed me off three times to different sales people when the first could not get the figures down to where we wanted them.  It took a considerable amount of time to get my car keys back so I could leave this place.  Their emphasis was a rush to their final price.  In the end the deal they offered off the full price less the cost of the extended warranty.  I was treated like this was my first car purchase and had just fallen off the turnip truck.
5	If you own a Honda,  this is the place to go... customer service is great,  the mechanics are very knowledgeable,  and the best part is you're not being pressured to buy something other than what you came in for originally.
1	I bought my car here a couple years ago.  The experience was whatever, typical of a car dealership.  Talked them down from $22,999 to $18,500.My complaint now is the phone calls.  I got woken up today by a stranger to wish me happy birthday.  I work nights and NO ONE wants some random stranger to call them to tell them happy birthday!!  They call me for all sorts of stupid reasons and I hate it.  I think I have even asked them to stop.  It's ANNOYING.
5	Been taking our hondas here for years.  Jesse is what makes us keep coming back!  He is honest and takes care of business.  Nothing better.  Can't beat that.Recently took my two of the Honda's in for maintenance, including a tail light out on my less than 1 year old Honda.  Warranty replacement on the tail light and a quick maintenance check later, and we were ready to go.  Our oldest Honda is a 2004 Pilot and it runs like a dream.  Thanks Jesse!
2	This review is for the service department. Out of the last five times I have came here, something has gone wrong.  Yesterday I used the Express service but it wasn't really Express. C'mon Mr. Findlay, you can't hire more people to work the desk and check in vehicles?!  A woman who worked there walked by me, but quickly turned back and asked if I had been helped after I pulled up. Um, no, otherwise I wouldn't be standing here with my three boys. They did not wash it like I asked which is good, at least they got something right. I saw my van was done so went into the express building where i stood for several minutes. Why, you ask?  because there were no employees in there!  great customer service! The guy and a woman come in and sit down, think i was acknowledged?  Nope!  I had to just interrupt the frantic typing on the computer.  I was told they just needed to finish up the paperwork. They are obviously way understaffed, that front desk should ALWAYS have someone up there to greet customers!  The time before last, they washed it after I asked them not to and I had just had it detailed the day before!  It wouldn't have been as bad, but the service guy came and told me the van was ready and they were just going to wash it and I told them not to. As I got into my van, there was water in my door sill!  I had some accessories added and I went to Costco nearby and noticed they didn't do everything! I had my boys with me and somewhere to be so I just rushed to get out of there. Take it back, done in five minutes. Fast forward a week later and the stuff is coming off!!  I got some coupons for free oil changes so my aggravation from one of the service advisors. I used my coupon for my next oil change and in an accusatory way, the advisor asked me where and how I got the coupon. Yeah dude, I stole a whole stack of them when you weren't looking. I tried to explain what happened but I could tell he didn't care to listen.  Also, I may be a woman but don't you dare talk down to me, I feel like this advisor was doing that to me when I was asking him about a concern of mine. He definitely has an ego problem and huge head and wish someone would take him down a notch. I may not be a mechanic but I know a few things about cars, really basic stuff but still. I am only giving two stars because the woman service advisor is super sweet, as is the shuttle driver I had. The shuttle dropped me off at the mall once and picked me up promptly after I called.   Oh and one more thing to add, while my kids played in the lacklustre play area, a salesman was doing his sales pitch on some customers who were eating at the cafe! Tacky with a capital T! One thing I forgot to mention was the technicians need to throw their little footprint paper away!  Don't leave that in my van, I clean up enough stuff with three kids, I don't need to clean up after a grown man whom I don't even know!  *rant over* :)
2	Poor service.  I have had previously great experiences with the service department here, but not this time.  On May 24, 2012, my wife took her CRV to this dealership for a variety of maintenance items, including an oil change, and repair of a defective interior headliner.  This deficient service included some less than adequate communication from the service representative regarding questions my wife had about the service notification lights on the dashboard.  When my wife returned home, she noted that despite a notation that she had received a walk-around of the vehicle at pickup time (which she had not), 3 of the 4 air valve caps on the tires were missing (they were in place when the car was brought in for service) and the headliner repair was poorly done.  Both of these issues are very minor points, and if they had been addressed properly during a phone call my wife placed to complain, you'd not be seeing a poor review.  But when my wife called to attempt resolution, all she received was attitude from service person she spoke to, smart comments, in essence, about why the service department wouldn't fail to replace caps (which, in fact, was the case), and a failure to even address the headliner repair inadequacy.  i expect that customer service personnel would do better than to belittle customers with legitimate issues.The  good news is that my wife tried a second call the next day and spoke to the Service Director, and this experience was a good one.  The Automall Findlay Honda needs to establish better expectations for ALL their service folks.
5	Make an appointment, cause Saturdays are slamming!If it wasn't for Jesse Oledan, I wouldn't be as dedicated to Findley Honda Henderson.  I completely trust Jesse and know that him and his team will take care of me and my family's Hondas.  We've been a Honda family for years.  At one point my husband tried another vehicle and ended up trading it in after less than two years and buying an Accord because he just couldn't get the same quality service that Jesse provides.I've owned Hondas for over 18 years, and God help me if Jesse ever leaves Findley Honda!
1	I took my Toyota 4Runner to the Express service here because I had a free oil change gift card. Going to the dealership to drop my car off was great--my dad and i were greeted with smiles because they are familiar with him as he goes to the dealership often for modifications to his car. We dropped the Toyota off around 2:00 on a Saturday, and because I was getting an oil change with a complementary car wash it would take awhile.Then at 4:55 (FIVE MINUTES BEFORE CLOSING TIME) they called me and said my car was ready for pickup. Did they expect me to teleport to the dealership in five minutes? When I called back at 4:59 to explain that I would not make it in time and to leave my car unlocked, they had presumably already left and did not answer my phone calls.Because of the poor customer service I did not have access to my car for over 24 hours because the dealership is closed on Sundays. Thanks!When I finally arrived at the dealership on Monday morning I had decided not to make a scene and not to express my anger at the lack of customer service, expecting the same smiles and friendliness as before. However this time I arrived without my father, and me being an 18 year old girl they did not treat me the same way as before--I was greeted with attitude when picking up my vehicle.At this point I was furious and finally got to my car only to realize that they did not even wash it (AT ALL)!! So, in my experience with the honda dealership i received poor customer service, attitude, and not to mention a complete disregard for the service I was  supposed to receive on my vehicle. I will DEFINITELY not be returning to the express service at this dealership.
5	I head read that Findlay auto companies treated people well.  My experience was stellar.  I went into Findlay Cadillac in Henderson with an odd situation, and ended up down the street at Findlay Honda to finally lease a new 2013 Honda Civic.  It was the solution to my particular problem.  Everyone there treated me very, very well.  My team included Jeff McLaury for Sales, Chris Hinklin for Finance, Tim FcFadden for Service, and even Alex Young in the Accessories dept.  Each helped me to complete satisfaction.  No unanswered questions.  I had special needs all of which were accommodated, even when I changed my mind and had to process additional paperwork for the changes.  I left with complete satisfaction and returning for upgrades was a pleasant process which even included a shuttle home if I didn't want to hang out in their lounge.  I've never been treated so well by a dealership though that may be reflective of the dealerships back where I am original from (Alaska).  All I know is that if service continues as such, I'll be back into another Findlay (Cadillac) when my lease is up (got a GREAT deal on that) and hope to be treated as well as I was at Honda.  I was also treated very well at Findlay Cadillac when I was there and it was between them and Findlay Honda that made me arrive at the perfect solution for my needs.  Even a GM from Findlay Honda called me up personally to make sure all my needs had been met and that the staff had treated me well.  Who even does that anymore unless you ask or have a problem?  Others may have different experiences, and experiences with dealerships where I am from can be horrible, but I couldn't have asked for better at Findlay Honda or better people.
3	the quick service people are always awesome!!! its the day long service people i have a problem with.  Had my car for the entire day, said they had to order the part and take care of it another day. Well when they went to fix it, they broke my GPS, claimed it wasnt them.  Then then they had my car for another 8 hours, called me telling me they needed to order a part, when i was already told the day prior that they had it.... told them that, and then the guy was like " oh yeah, we do have it..." 5 min later my car was done.... so they had my car for 8 hours just sitting there and wanted to keep it another day.... if i had my choice, i would do none of my big servicing there...Quick Service= AwesomeMain Service= Ug, find another place!
5	I have a 2012 Accord so I'm hesitant to take my car any where else for car maintenance. I didn't buy my car there, but this location is closer to where I live. They have this deal which is 4 oil changes and 2 tire rotations for $120, which I think is a good deal. One oil change alone runs about $40 anyway, so this saves you money. Why wouldn't you get this? I don't feel like they are trying to rip me off or pressuring me when they offer suggestions for car maintenance like changing my cabin filter. I'm always in and out of here within an hour. Service includes a free car wash and a free drink from the snack area. They also have a little lounge with a tv while you wait. I'd recommend them:) the end
4	I love coming here to get my car serviced because it is super fast and they always take care of my car. I love how fast the service is and I love how welcoming the staff is here. I love taking my car here and would not take it anywhere else. They truly care about giving you 100% customer service. I even get a free drink when I come here. There is never a time I feel unwelcomed or annoyed here because they do their job and they do it well. I have got to say this place does rock.
1	Tried to rip me off by charging me $22,000 for a car that was $17,000 right on their website!  Because my car is "so rare", meanwhile another Honda dealership found FOUR of them..... Also explained it wouldn't be a "hard hit" on my credit and it was 5 hard hits a day for 3 days! I will never go back again .....this is the 2nd bad experience here and with the same type of car. Funny, after I complained they said they'd honor the internet price and we can finish up the sale. Never.
5	I bought my Honda Accord at Findlay Honda Henderson in 2004.  Since then I have taken my car there, and only there, for maintenance.  They do a wonderful job!  Prices are reasonable and scheduling is easy.  Nancy cares a lot about her customers and always does a great job of communication and coordination.
5	Thank you Robin Absher, EXCELLENT Express Service, It's so early in the morning, but they're all keeping it Professional :] in and out within time estimated which was 45min, and I was about 3rd-4th in line
5	Express service department is amazing. Brought my Prelude for an oil change. They gave me an ET of completion of 35 minutes. Was in and out in 25! With a free car wash! They also notified me of an oil leak I had no idea I had. They brought me in the shop and showed me the leak to see for myself. In terms if the express service department, they're amazing! Will definitely come back!
5	Express service department is amazing. Brought my Prelude for an oil change. They gave me an ET of completion of 35 minutes. Was in and out in 25! With a free car wash! They also notified me of an oil leak I had no idea I had. They brought me in the shop and showed me the leak to see for myself. In terms of the express service department, they're amazing! Will definitely come back!
5	I own a Toyota, but LOVE getting service for my vehicle here at Findlay Honda. Every service advisor(in particular Colton and Robin) I've encountered has been so professional, friendly, in great spirit, and gave nothing but excellent service every visit. The wait time is so quick, usually 30 mins. Their prices are reasonable and they always do honest, excellent work! I appreciate that they don't try to "bs" people about this and that being wrong with their vehicles, but suggest only what's actually "necessary." My vehicle sparkles with their wonderful complimentary car wash! Keep up the awesomeness and great work, guys :-)!!!
5	Usually in and out !! If I knew the girls name that treated me well I would mention her!! TY Findlay Honda Henderson!!
1	Not really satisfied with my last experience here. They try to get you to pay for all these things you don't need for your car. I called recently for a price of a tire for my Honda civic and they told me it would be $150 and they didn't even have it in stock. I called a discount tire place and they had it for only $50. I mean what the hell man you are after all a Honda dealer and you don't have my tire for my Honda?!?! I always go to you for service as well and you try to offer me a deal for $150 for one tire?!? What the hell man?! I don't really even feel like going back possibly for an oil change though but that's it. I'm tired of getting ripped off and shit.  It's super annoying.
1	Went to look at cars. Went through the usual steps of negotiations. I won. I'm sure they were disappointed, so, they tried adding hidden "accessories" at signing. I noticed, called them out on it, and instead of an explanation, the finance guy got angry and threw the paper work at us. I walked out! POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. And SLEEZY business practices. MAKE SURE YOU REALLY DO THE MATH AT SIGNING WITH THESE GUYS.
5	I just traded my 2008 Honda Accord in for a 2014 Honda Accord Sport. I went down to Findlay Honda in Henderson and I was very skeptical about sales people in general, but Julian made my experience very relaxing and fun. Julian is not pushy and he presented a great deal to me that was a win/win. He is fun and very helpful. So I highly recommend him as a person who can make your experience of buying a car what it should be.....smooth and enjoyable.
5	They hook you up.They get you in and out quick fast. They wash ya car/suv when they finished.I found out they wash everyones car or whateva but...I like to assume I'm special and they did it just fa me. They get five stars from me. The waiting area is not full wonna know why? Its because they work not play. Its a nice waiting area to. Huge flat tv and everyone is professional. I don't mind going with my hubbi when he gets the suv serviced. And next time I go I mite ask the hubbi to get me a new SUV!
1	So disappointed with their sales practices.  Found a used car online that we were interested in.  Emailed back-and-forth with an online sales rep.  Went to the dealership, talked with the online rep, test drove the car.  Started negotiations for the vehicle.  Decided to think on it overnight and make a decision.  The next day, after several emails and phone conversations, we agreed on a price.  Our sales guy even emailed us a verification that the dealership accepted our offer.Spoke with our rep on the phone, verified that we were on our way to the dealership to buy our vehicle.  He told us that he'd have the guys start cleaning it up for us.  We get to the dealership 30 minutes later, shake hands, and sit down to fill out paperwork.  He excuses himself, then comes back literally 2-3 minutes later.  "Sorry, you two, but I have bad news.  Another couple who looked at the car this morning has just returned, and they want it.  They've offered more than you, so now it's turned into a bidding war."  No lie, these were his exact words.  So, we're like "But you emailed us saying that Findlay accepted our offer!"  and he says, "Sorry, I know it sucks, but if you want the vehicle, it's now between you and the other couple...the dealership is going to take the best offer."We were stunned.  Upset.  Couldn't believe it.  We thought it was a scam...them trying to get us to up our offer.  Either way, it was a horrid way to do business.  They flat-out told us that they accepted our offer, then when we got there they told us we'd have to offer more, because another couple had already done so.  What a crock of shit.  We've purchased several vehicles in our lifetimes, but we've never had a buying experience like this.  We can't say if it's totally the responsibility of the sales guy, or the dealership--but either way, it speaks volumes about their business practices.  We will never, ever purchase a vehicle from Findlay, new or used.  And we've already shared this story with dozens of friends/relatives/co-workers.  The silver lining in all of this is that we probably dodged a bullet.
1	One star... Don't get me wrong , I'm happy with my 2014 Honda Pilot. Everyone that has helped me out in the parts and device department have been awesome as well. But recently I received a letter in the mail stating that I did not meet the minimum requirements for the lease agreement. How convenient being that I've had the car for several months now. It's says that my full coverage was not enough and I had o increase it. I wish this was all stated in the beginning so that it would help in the decision whether of not I was going to lease here or elsewhere. Ifs crazy because I never had this problem with my 2 other vehicles I purchased from BMW. So Honda of Henderson, I thank you for deciding for me that I this will me my last purchase from this dealership!
5	I love coming here to get my car serviced!  I recently got a screw in my tire (unfortunately for the 3rd time in the last 6 months!).  They got my tire replaced and shuttled me to my husbands work so I didn't have to wait in the service department with my 18 month old. Thankfully, it was covered under my warranty and ended up being repaired with no charge!  They are so great to work with and I will definitely be coming back many times and referring them to all my friends and family!
1	Go buy a honda at any other dealership except this one, they have shitty customer service and overpriced Hondas and salesman that get intimidated when I talk to his customer and he thinks I'm trying to talk him out of buying the car he's trying to sell. Are u F*cking kidding me. Get a real job lol hahaha $9.00 a hr
5	A shout out to the wonderful staff at the Service Department of Findlay Honda in Henderson.  I've had my Honda Accord with over 100,000 miles serviced there since 2008.  I can't express enough what great care they've provided my Accord.  They are respectful and professional, thorough and detail oriented.  Even with a simple oil change they always do a thorough check list to make sure everything is working correctly.  Waiting time is minimal, and if you have a major repair, you can count on the car fully serviced by the next day.
1	Horrible sales service.  2 salesmen took one hour to locate a Odyssey on the  lot while making us walk around outside looking for it. Bunch of young idiots they hire as salesmen...AVOID!!!
5	Findlay Honda is by far one of the best dealerships I have been to. We were on vacation going up to Zion when the car started to act up so we had a tow truck bring us here for night drop. We called early morning and they were already working and servicing our car. Their shuttle service picked us back up and brought us here. The driver was friendly and offered us cold drinks. Once we arrived Jesse Oledan, the service director, made sure to accommodate us and make us feel comfortable. This dealership thrives on customer service and I was completely satisfied.
5	On the second day of our three-week road trip, we were passing through Las Vegas. We had a brake and rotor issue that the previous dealership had told us was fine and didn't present any problems, it wasn't a safety issue. The previous dealership also told us that the brake issue was not covered by warranty. As we got to Las Vegas, I decided I couldn't handle the brake vibration and took it in to this dealership in order to get the repairs done. Tim McFadden was a really cool service manager. He listened to my complaint, got my vehicle right in and I was done within an hour and a half, all without an appointment. He was actually really easy to talk to, pretty cool guy. He blew me away by telling me that he got my brakes and rotors replaced free of charge as a warranty issue. I was at 31k miles. Frankly, I'm still in shock. I can't believe they would do that for me, and I'm extremely grateful. Do yourself a favor and use these guys, they are a class act.
1	Walked in to dealership with my dad and Mexican male didn't get his name, but was laughing at the way my dad parked the car and said quote"good job good job" my dad asked to see Randy a sales rep we saw 2 weeks before and he was off today and he could pull up our paperwork and try and help us probably wanting to share commission with Randy. He returned with paperwork and gave us an offer of 19.7 on a 2014 Honda civic lx when 2 weeks ago Randy said he could make a deal of 18.9. He said randy wouldn't be there until 1 o clock then we were going to walk out and he said wait a minute let me find randy hes upstairs. My dad is older and loud so he said" you lied to us, I want you to say sorry that's it" then the Mexican worker with a tattoo on his arms think it was a black half sleeve and something on his forearm not sure said"i didn't lie" he was very mean and tried to blame everything back on my dadHe said "you will never get that car for 18.5 and stormed through the Findlay Honda showroom angrily like he was going to kill somebody. I walked around the store and he was starring at me for about 10 seconds not looking away like he was going to kill me. He took his cell phone out of his pocket like he was calling a friend to come to Honda to either jump or beat me up or something.Finally when me and my dad left I saw him run outside and with his arms folded with sunglasses stare at me for another 20 seconds while I walk to my car talking to another co-worker laughing staring at me like he was talking crap and laughing. Very disrespectful and mean towards me and my dad. This experience made me decide I never want to come here again or maybe I might die going back.Other then that I just decided to take my business elsewhere. Wonder what kind of people Honda is hiring now. People with criminal records? Just tried to sell us an overpriced car then lied then wanted to kill us. Was a crazy experience not sure his name, but was a young Mexican around 5'11 with tattoos on his arm. Just be careful, they will try to make money off you if you let them.
1	does anybody know why my posts get deleted or i cant see them anymore?
1	I wouldn't recommend the customer service here. I love Honda cars but I'd rather buy my next Honda car in a different dealership- even if I have to go to another state for that. After you closed a deal with them, they wouldn't bother anymore with their customer's convenience and satisfaction. We had to call their office for our car's registration since we didn't receive any confirmation if the papers are ready. Whenever we call, we always have to leave a message since the guy in-charge is not "always" available. We also did not receive our monthly bill statement, so we had to call again to get our account number. We waited for them to call on the same day we asked for it. We received their response the next day and worse, they gave us the wrong contact number. It's regrettable that we purchased our car here. We haven't started our first car maintenance yet, hopefully... yes hopefully, they will improve their service with us. Incase not, I guess i'll be posting another review here.
1	Yeah......my experience just got soured when I got my first bill 12 days after I leased the car.  I understand now how it is done since I expressed to Honda Finance Services this was my first time leasing (as well I expressed to Findlay Honda) and they broke down how the payment was done.  My complaint lies in the fact I was SPECIFICALLY told that I wouldn't have a payment until August by the person preparing all my documents.   My car lease date was June 21st.   As well this was a SPECIFIC question I asked them and his answer was AUGUST.  Now I can understand being off a day or two and maybe say "around" this day but they missed it by 1/3 of a month.  10 days!!  Really Findlay Honda Finance Department???  Thank you for explaining that so incorrectly when I put my faith in you to help me understand the lease better.  It would be helpful to get people who explain things correctly.  My advice.....be careful and if they tell you something have them write it down on the contract and then you have written proof.
5	Sales and Service are the best there is in Nevada.. Have lived in the area for over 40 years and never had such exceptional service at a dealership in my life...No other place I would trust with purchasing a car or having service done to my vehicle..Findlay Honda #1
5	Had our 2013 Honda Pilot serviced here last weekend and as always service was on point!  They even fixed a small leak in one of my tires.  The Service Director Jesse Oledan and his friendly staff continues to provide my family of Honda owners consistent service and that is why we keep purchasing our Honda's here at Findlay Honda.  The Pilot is our 4th Honda we've purchased/leased at Findlay Honda.  I always recommend my family and friends to Findlay Honda when inquiring about leasing/purchasing a vehicle.  #myhonda
5	My entire family use Findlay Honda for service for more than 10 years. We also bought 3 cars over the years.  We always get great service in a timely fashion.  They are honest when we need something fixed ( very rare with Honda car)
5	FINDLAY HONDA HENDERSON Sales & Service team are my angels they helped me & my family in our time of need. We had bought an older car that needed major repairs I was in tears every time I had a problem I would run to FHH and they would treat me as if I were their best friend the best customer service I have ever encountered!!!!!!!!!  They made sure I was satisfied :) Finally I had to purchase a new car and I came back there and they made it happen they did everything in their power to make sure I was happy my family was happy and That I could afford something comfortable and safe for my family and I live clearly across town and still wouldn't go to another honda dealership for anything.
5	Bought my first Honda Pilot here and now our son is driving it.  It's only been serviced by Findlay Honda and is still running great!  Jesse Oledan is trustworthy and really knows his stuff - I wouldn't trust my cars with anyone else.
5	I had my 30k service for my Civic HF with Tim.  I also bought some kool all weather, thick rubber floor mats from the parts dept!  My car runs and looks awesome,  My Civic came back sparking in and out.  Their shuttle driver, Peter, was very kind with suggesting places to go and prompt with dropping me off at the nearby mall.  Had an awesome morning getting car serviced!
5	This review is a little bit overdue, but after purchasing my new car here and also needing the assistance of their service department, I can now back them 100%.I went to Findlay Honda Henderson the beginning of June wanting to purchase a brand-new vehicle. Oscar approached me and introduced himself. I appreciated that he let me just take my time to browse all of the different vehicles and not hounding me like other car salesmen I have dealt with. After taking a good look at quite a few of them, I finally had all of my questions ready and wanted to test-drive. He was patient as I test drove a few of the vehicles and I ended up falling in love with one. Oscar ended up having to pass me to his Team Leader, Jeremy, since Oscar had an appointment coming in. Jeremy took his time with me discussing the vehicle and then I decided that I wanted to purchase. After consulting with his manager a couple of times, we were able to hash out a deal for the car I wanted to trade-in and the vehicle that I wanted to purchase. Kevin assisted me with all of the signing and financial aspect. He was patient describing all of the different warranties and packages and didn't hassle me when I declined. After they finished detailing and washing my car, Jeremy showed me all of the nifty functions and then it was time to drive it home!After a month, there was a faint rattling noise that was heard whenever I would drive it at high speeds. I took it to the service department and was introduced to David. David took a guestimate of the problem even before he looked at the vehicle and it turned out to be right. Since a new part needed to be ordered, we made an appointment for me to come in a couple days afterwards. They took care of me by paying to get a rental car while my car was being worked on. They also have a shuttle service available for drop-off and pick-up within a few miles of their dealership. Their driver, Peter, is also very nice. David was in contact and kept me in the loop about how the maintenance was going. The next day, he advised that they pride themselves on getting things fixed the first time and test drove my vehicle a few times on the freeway to make sure that the noise was completely gone. When I picked it up, I noticed that they had washed my car and filled up my gas tank!I can definitely say that I'm not worried about going to their service department for all future maintenance and will recommend them to anyone that wants to purchase a new or used Honda.
5	Alex Fuess was our salesman and he was wonderful.  My daughter and I were here just to look around but of course my daughter ended up with a new Honda Civic SI, Alex was very helpful, knows what he is doing, my daughter was a bit difficult but he was able to overcome that, he was very patient with her. He went over the top for her, absolutely great guy. Everyone there at Findlay is very friendly and the hours that we were there, they might of sold around 10 cars. I would definitely go back to purchase there if I had to and definitely have Alex as our salesman again.
5	My family and I purchased our vehicle in 2006 and have been taking it to Findlay Honda Henderson for service and maintenance since. The service is timely and affordable. The staff is helpful, especially Will from Express Services/Maintenance/Lube. He never fails to provide the best service possible. He was kind enough to send Zach to assist me with my flat tire today. I had misplaced my wheel lock key and he sent Zach with a spare wheel lock key to help change my tire. Zach was patient enough to work with my vehicle even in this heat. Thank you!
5	I just purchased my Pilot yesterday. The service was AMAZING!! Ray with a K is the man...he helped us research vehicles within our price range around town, and he made the entire experience about us. Absolutely no sleazy car salesman tricks. If you need a car, this is definitely the best place to go.
5	I recently purchased a 2014 Honda Accord from this dealership and I couldn't be happier with my choice. Jeremy was my salesman and he was fantastic. On my first visit Jeremy greeted me politely and asked if he could help. I was also greeted by the sales manager. These people have a way of acknowledging your presence without creeping you out. I  ended up purchasing a Honda Accord EX and I am absolutely in love with this car. Nice selection of new and used cars, great team, and awesome management.
5	I have been through the car buying process too many times and have had a lot of dealer experiences; good, bad, and questionable. Have actually purchased 14 new cars in the last 10 years so I know the process and what to expect. Have always been a Toyota and German car guy, but questionable dealer experiences at Findlay Toyota brought me over to Honda/Acura.I first looked into Honda in February 2014 and traded in my Acura RDX for the Honda Pilot 4WD Touring and just recently bought the 2015 Honda Fit EX to use as my commuter car. All the times I've been into the dealer its has been great. Sales staff is helpful and the express service has also been great. I stop in from time to time to take advantage of the courtesy car wash.My sales experience has been one of the best and that's thanks to Obi Davis. He's always on top of things and there to answer questions I have and follows up. Will definitely be back when I need another vehicle.
1	This is my first Yelp review ever. I wasn't ever really interested in writing reviews, but my horrible experience here made me want others to know what I experienced here.Problem #1: My dad and I bought a brand new Civic here a couple weeks ago, agreed on price, APR, monthly payment, length of payment term, etc. with tints & splash guards as part of the deal.  They said they would call us within 4 business days to set up an appointment to have them installed.  They never called.Problem #2: Kept the car for about 2 weeks, then received a call (finally) asking my dad and I to come in.  We walked into the finance manager's office where we were told that our APR was increased because of banks not willing to take the loan on the conditions we agreed on.  This is where the problems started.  The increased APR would have increased our monthly payments (and overall payment) significantly.  We continuously told them that we had a deal that we shook hands and agreed on and that they were not honoring it.  What kind of a business is this? This just proves the stereotype of car dealerships of doing shady business practices.  As a result, we returned the car that day (since we drove it there) and were driven home by an employee.Problem #3: The finance manager, Jon O'Connell, CURSED at us and THREATENED to take the car and force us to find a ride or WALK home.  He also threatened to call the police.  The 3 other employees were civil for the most part despite our disagreements with how the way they backtracked on our deal (one of them kicked Jon out after making those threats and remarks at us).  If anything, this guy, Jon O'Connell, will be the primary reason why I will never shop here again or recommend friends/family to this dealership.  This is a prime example of how dealerships should NOT behave if they want to make a sale.Problem #4: Before we returned the car, another one of the four employees whom we talked to did not hesitate to call the police on us for "trespassing" and "refusing to leave."  What total BS.  He even put the phone on speaker as he called in order to intimidate us.  At that point, we called the police ourselves and knew we couldn't find a resolution.  No more talking at this point.  Two officers came, pretty much summed up that unless we find a deal, we couldn't keep the car, so we returned it once they promised to drive us home and returned our down payment.  One of the officers even said that they can pull this kind of stuff because they probably have a clause in the contract that says they can.  Shady business practice, I tell you.In short, they shouldn't have made the deal with us if they weren't 100% sure they could honor it.  They ran our credit scores and made the deal with us based on what they saw and after hours of negotiating (2 days w/ 3+ hours each).In their defense, they claimed that they do not provide the money to finance the cars, but make deals based on a "best guess" system, where they make a deal by guessing how much a potential customer can get financed at what rate.  They try to make a deal that makes the customer happy and sign a contract, but come back some time later and say "Nope, we gotta charge you more because we made that deal on a guess and no bank would agree to the terms of that guess." Total BS.Never shopping for a car here again.  Never recommending this place either.  How they treated and spoke to us and backtracked on our deal is a prime example of inappropriate and improper business practices.  It also proves that its employees are in a dire need of classes in hospitality, customer satisfaction, and making deals that they can honor.
1	So I take back on my review on Findlay Honda Henderson. Three weeks later (which is today) we return the Honda Civic that Alex Feuss sold us because everything that we had agreed on,changed! Long story short our payment went up. Apparently we are not the only ones they have done this too.  They let you walk away with a car cause they wanna make that sale for their commission and they easily think that we can just come back on their terms to change the whole contract again.This has been a terrible experience, and what they gave us for our car for trade in is a freaking joke..horrible people just want to rip you off. We got out car & money back but we will never go back to these people and I will make sure I tell friends & family to stay away from this place.
5	My family is growing so we went in to look for a bigger car. Our sale rep was soo wonderful,  Kevin Vo answer all of our questions and help us in everyway. We drove out of there with a smile on our face and a new Honda Odyssey 2015!! Great Service!! Thank again Kevin Vo!
1	From day one, going through Findlay Honda of Henderson was a bad idea. The only reason we drove all the way to Henderson to look at Hondas was because the other Honda dealership on the west side of town did not have the color combination my husband and I wanted. First, we got to the dealership and we were approached by a salesman by the name of KJ Francois. He was nice and seemed to be interested in really helping us out with what we needed. We walked by a few new cars and then discussed some of the pre-owned. He was open to selling us either, which was refreshing because most salesmen want the most money or the biggest sale. So as we continued to shop around, we ended up test driving a 2014 Honda Accord LX. Once we fell in love with the car, we knew we wanted to talk numbers. We sat down with the salesman and reviewed what our budget was. Since it was Labor Day weekend, naturally there were a lot of sales at all the dealerships. However, Findlay Honda of Henderson was only offering to pay for registration of the car. After going back and forth with the salesman, he started pressuring me into making the decision to go forward with the car. He kept telling me to go ring the bell. We asked for a few minutes to discuss it privately and we decided to ring the bell. Second, we met with the finance manager, Aaron, who proceeded to review the contract and terms of agreement with us. When everything was signed and agreed upon, we were given permission to take off and leave the lot. A few days later, we got a call from the dealership stating that Honda wouldn't be able to keep up their end of the deal. So all the time we spent negotiating and reviewing the SIGNED contract with the finance manager, was a waste. It is their job to know what they can or can't negotiate. There's no way they get people to buy the car on the first few offers. So we were informed that the contracted rate BOTH Honda and myself signed on, would not be honored by Honda. So we told them to pick up the car. Of course, they gave us the option to change the rate we agreed on. After going back and forth about who needed what, the finance manager finally told us that we needed to submit my diploma to them showing that I graduated, to get the rate we agreed on at the end of the sale. Then, once we sent in my diploma, Honda requested for proof of employment. Weeks AFTER we left the lot, our situation was finally situated.Third, we had to schedule the tinting and 3M application. The employee, Ray, who is in charge of tinting etc, was a total space cadet. We called a few times to check on when we could make an appointment for the tinting we agreed to pay for, and he was either not available or no one else could help us. It had been over a week and we received no call, as promised by him. My husband called in and finally got ahold of Ray, who said he couldn't find our file and that we should call back the next morning. So, we called back the next day and he said he was with another customer and he would call us back. He never called back. FINALLY, we were able to get the car in for an appointment for the window tinting and application of the 3M on the outside door handles, etc. The outside of the car looked beautiful. However, inside the car was filthy. All along the inside of the doors and handles were drip marks and spills from whatever liquid cleaning agent they used to do the tint or whatever. Even where the speakers sit near the compartment below the door handles, had visible white drip marks. The windows have smears and marks ALL over them on the inside. It looked absolutely horrible. There was nothing neat or clean about their tint job except the tint itself. They left a mess after their job was done. Again, totally dissatisfied. I had to manually go through and clean off the drip marks and the mess and will be arranging for the car to be detailed inside and out because it looks worse than when we left the lot. I clean the car consistently and since it is brand new, it will be kept looking brand new. Findlay Honda of Henderson should do a better job at what they do if they pride themselves in being such a great dealership.We have had nothing but hassles and inconveniences working with Findlay Honda of Henderson. I would absolutely NOT recommend them to anyone solely because of the lack of knowledge, lack of professionalism, lack of cleanliness, and lack of their employees really working for the customer's best interest. It was the most stressful couple weeks and this was our first time buying a brand new vehicle and our first time working with a dealership alone. We love Hondas but do not love Findlay Honda of Henderson.
5	Came here to take a look for a new car but wasn't sure we gonna get it right away. After Kevin Vo took us around to see the car we like and let us test it. Omg he was so nice, explain everything about the car for us, but the best thing was he didn't push us to get it. Finally we got the car that we like the most. Come to him if u want the best service. U rock Kevin Vo. Thanks a lot we love the car.
1	Brought my car in for oil change, usually things go fine, not today. I liked coming here for an oil change and normally easy service. Not today. When the service manager handles my complaint poorly,  he says he has all these other people to help, that's when I decide to take my business elsewhere. Colton, you took 5 minutes to review service recommendations, my comment that took 30 seconds for you to listen and respond is really not holding up service for the customers behind me. I have been holding onto the Findley flyers they mail to me on a regular basis making a point to schedule an oil change. As it goes, the morning I am trying to get out the door to get my service done, I can't find the flyer with the oil change coupon. I nicely asked the service manager Colin Longmire if he could honor the coupon I had misplaced at home. He informs me no, can't do it, new district manager, new rules. The district manager wants that coupon stapled to the invoice. Took me all of one second to change my mind about buying a cabin air filter and a new battery today, the suggested mtc items my car is ready for. I paid for my $35.35 oil change without the $5.00 off coupon, and did not plunk down another $59 for a cabin filter + $119.95 for a new battery.  I'll get these items from another dealer. It's the courtesy to a customer that counts! Now, not only am I irritated standing in line, I thanked Colton for his time in explaining everything to me and suggested that Findley offer paperless coupons. It was then he mentioned Findley has the coupons on line. I've paid, I'm irritated you didn't mention this during all of your platitudes and apologies, then you end by telling me you don't have time because of all these people sitting here? I took less than 30 seconds making a recommendation about this and made to feel like I'm blocking service for others. Great customer service Colton Longmire. You blew it. You won't see me back again. To add insult to injury, I get back to my car and two big greasy footprints are on my newly washed car mats. Thank you for the great service today!
5	I want to compliment Mr. Ray Howitz, for the excellent service I received at the dealership. He went to great lenghts in helping me solve the issues regarding my 2014 Honda CR-V. He knew just what to do to make the customers happy. He has an excellent understanding of the through meaning of customer service. BZ.
1	Wish I could give zero or negative rating if possible. Bought a brand new car very late (almost 11 PM) so had to bring the car back for couple of basic maintenance issues.They never really fixed the car as they promised. Had to bring the car back couple more times before my car finally "looks and works" like a new one.I guess the thing it works here is once you pay, it's pretty much on your own. They wouldn't care less!
5	Just stop by to look at the new CRV and met my sale person Kevin Vo very good service and finally we bought the car. two thumbs up. Andrew Suriyakam
1	The worst in accommodating customers. Here for the courtesy car wash yes I know it's just a courtesy car wash but damn I've been here for about 40 minutes now and still waiting to get my carwash, they told me this is the busiest time for them yet I'm the only car sitting and waiting. And they have one dude working? They have to accommodate the quick service cars first Ummm I bought my car here too!!!! And if they know that's when they're busy why have only one person working? That makes a lot of sense! The worst experience ever! I don't recommend anyone to come here at all!!!
1	Beware this place they will scam you! Yesterday me and my sister go this dealer and asking for Honda Accord 2015 with  6 cly full option GPS, BACK UP CAMERA and blind spot  the  lady seller name Heidi after check my sister credit score and told us our interest will be 0.9 (you have to know interested before buy the car). After bargain the price over and over she call her boss or her manager come make deal with us.(at this time they ask us give them the credit card for be sure we are seriously buy the car,and many time we ask them return our credit card because we so tierd and they like don't heard anything about what we request.) finally they make a trap and agree with the price we want for the car.(anytime her boss or manager come we alway told them we want the car with full option and GPS). They put us to see the guy financial and this guy tell us my sister interested rate is 4.99. We don't except that because lady Heidi tell us interested only 0.9. We almost walk away and the guy do financial fix the rate down to 0.9.They just keep lair and don't be honest with their business.(my sister speak English litter and they take advanced on her. After sign papers work done finally we can bring car come. Suprise after 4 hour they keep us there and all tierd they sell us the car standards No GPS. And that is 9pm ready we wait for today this morning come and let them know we don't like their businesses they are too much lair and cheating. WE WANT RETURN THE CAR and never go their again. You guy need to be carefully or will got suffer by them
5	I have been taking my honda accord to this great dealership for 13 years now. I have nothing but service over the years, and I will never go anywhere else. Every one there at the dealership are very professional and I always get treated with the upmost respect. I will be definitely be coming back for years.
1	I went into the dealership to look at and test drive a Honda Odyssey.  I brought in my coupon for the $25 gift card.  I asked several times about the gift card and waited quite a while until I was told it would be emailed to me.  I never got it.  I emailed and called and STILL never got it.  If they can't  manage to be reliable with a $25 promise - I certainly will NOT pay $50,000 to them!!
