3	Chase's Diner is your basic family-owned diner.  The jukeboxes that adorn the tables are frequently out of order, but the staff is friendly and the breakfast combo specials are a good deal.
3	This hit the spot for a little hang over cure. It's a lot like 5&Diner.  The wait staff is your typical teenybopper crew. I vote for the home fries over the hashbrowns.I found this coupon after we got back, not a bad deal:http://www.phoenixmetro.com/cities/chandler/chasesdiner.html
3	i think this place violates several child labor laws.  which i guess is pretty cool, if you're into that sort of thing.  (as for the "good for kids" rating, i checked no).
2	Inverse rule of diner wait times:  For each employee working in excess of the number of customers you will wait 10 minutes beyond what seems like a reasonable time for your food.I have odd habits when I walk into bars & restaurants-I identify the exits, estimate number of diners, actually count if below a dozen, mentally tag troublesome looking folks.  Everybody does that right?  Anyway, before we are seated:  9 on staff that I can see, 8 customers.  Hmm.  Diner fare should take about ten minutes, add ten for the +1 staff count...ding!  My meal took 20 minutes.  Slow for a diner. The only reason I am increasing my review to 2 stars is that everyone else I ate with seemed OK with their food.  My cheese omelet was overdone (when the eggs start turning grey) yet somehow they managed to not melt the cheese on the inside.  Neat trick.  I would have sent it back but I was so starved I scarfed almost half right away.And the home fries.  Deep fried.  Ugh.  I have never seen deep fried home fries before.  They should be called home double fried fries.  I had a stomach ache for about 12 hours after eating here.
4	Better than an average 3 star, for sure!  It reminds me of a Johnny Rockets or a nicer 5 & Diner.  The first thing I noticed was how clean it was.  All polished stainless steel and freshly wiped down red booths.  I almost felt like I was in a circuit board clean room.The food? Ohhhhh the food!  I split a swiss mushroom burger with the wife and I got my young one a kid's cheeseburger meal.  I really wish I would have ordered more, but the current status of our yackonomy advised me against it.The other food coming out looked ridiculously delectable, and it was brought out with the haste of an olympic sprinter.  Who could ask for more?I will definitely be coming back to here and recommending it to my friends.  Its well worth the 2 block drive from my house.  Did I mention they have breakfast!  I'm so there!
3	I need to give a shout out to our local diner. This is our stand by when we don't know what we want but we want something quick. We ALWAYS order fried zucchini, YUM, and a handful of waitresses know is as regulars and usually only need to confirm our drink orders. The breakfast is great, the burgers are just the way a burger should be and they have good pie too. It's not often we are disappointed by a meal or the service here.
2	I'm a huge fan of diners, but gotta be honest I wasn't too crazy about this one. Our server was awesome, super friendly and helpful in answering questions, but the food I ordered wasn't too great.I ordered biscuits and gravy (the full order, which I have to add is ALOT and barely ate half of it) and some country potatoes on the side. I felt like there was just a lot of flour going on in my food- kinda bland no flavor. The country potatoes were the best part and my pepsi. The overall consensus at the table was it was decent not bad, just wouldn't go out of my way to grab a bite there in the future.Maybe I should have went with chorizo?
4	I like this spot, always clean, good food and good service. a great place to grab a quick burger or patty melt, oh and don't forget about their shakes there Great!
2	This place is located conveniently close to me, so I had to stop by for a weekend breakfast. The decor is classic 50s diner, so I really  wanted to like this place but I came away disappointed. The service was fine, the food looked delicious, but ultimately everything I tried was bland and forgettable.Sometimes I am hesitant to trust my first impression of a restaurant's food... as if my taste buds might be having an off day. However, I went with a friend who is potentially the world expert on biscuits & gravy. Absolutely every breakfast joint he dines at, he samples their biscuits and gravy (in addition to the regular breakfast). Biscuits + white sausage gravy should = delicous. Not here. It must've been made from a mix.Sorry to say I didn't enjoy my dining experience here. The food filled the void but had no flavor.
4	In the commercial chain driven world that the Phoenix valley seems to be, it is always a welcome surprise to find a local family owned joint that fully lives up to the "diner" moniker.  The atmosphere here was pretty good and the food was great.  They seem to specialize in "American comfort food" and have a huge menu that made it tough to decided.  And better still, we had a little impromptu conversation with the owner who also recommended some other great locally owned places.  We'll definitely be back.
3	Typical 50'5 style diner fare.The food is good, the wait staff is always friendly.Kids menu items are only $.99, excluding drinks.  So if you really want to save some dough, tell your kids to just order water.It's worth a try.
5	I had a BBQ Beef Sandwich at Chase's Diner today. Good food as well as good fries. This is one of those 50's style diners that's fun to eat at. I also like the sign I read when eating there that stated,All Unattended Children Will Be Given an Espresso and a New Puppy. Hilarious.
4	Decent food....good service ....love the 50's music and decor .....clean .....a good alternative to IHOP on weekends when their lines are out the door....glad I stopped in....I'll be back often....
5	Awsome first experience! We had breakfast at Chase's Diner for the first time yesterday. The service was exceptional! Thank you, Jen. The food was great! I had the French Toast with eggs and sausage and the misses had the Green Chile Breakfast Skillet. Mine was perfect. The misses raved about the Green Chile so I tried some of hers and it was delicious. We have found our new breakfast joint!
2	Chase's Diner looks good from the outside but once you are inside the food tells a different tale. One of foreboding tasteless potatoes and overall breakfast. Hey, maybe I'm wrong, I haven't been here in awhile because the first time was enough but I am willing to give it another try. Maybe.Now I'm not one of those sodium nuts who salt their food before they have even tasted it, but the food here is pretty much without flavor and I thought it was pretty much impossible to mess up breakfast. On a lark, I ordered the fried okra just to try to make my breakfast seem interesting. It was so slimy it was off putting and the breading was void of any flavor. I know okra and slime pretty much go together but if cooked properly, you can eliminate the sliminess. Altogether everything was pretty much disappointing. I guess the old saying still holds true; you can't judge a book by its cover. In this case, nice cover, but what's inside is not so good.
4	Best B-fast special in the valley - weekdays.  Two eggs, two sausage or beacon, two pancakes, coffee for less than 4 bucks.  Best value by far.  I meet a friend there every week.  Very nice people.
3	This place kind of looks like a run down 5 and diner. The BF went here this morning for breakfast because we had a coupon from the entertainment book and wanted breakfast for cheap. When we walked in we weren't really greeted as much as stared at by the hostess for a minute and then asked 'two?' in just the most enthusiastic voice *sarcasm. But I can't blame her, I would be unhappy too if I were a hostess in a restaurant like this one. Anyway, our waitress was very friendly, which made up for it. I ordered the southwest omelet which is pepper jack cheese, chicken and chili peppers. It was alright.... the cheese kind of looked like plastic and the chicken tasted weird, but I liked that it was a bit spicy. It was just meh. The BF got pancakes and said they were also just ok. I thought the coffee was good standard coffee, so that was a plus. Overall, this isn't a place I would run back to, but if I had another bogo coupon, I'd consider going again.
2	I woke up with a mean hang over on Saturday in dire need of some greasy diner breakfast. My roommate told me this place was close, and that she had heard it was decent. Sweet! a breakfast close to the new pad! NopeWalked in to a podium type stand with a hostess behind it. She had her head down. She didn't look at me, and didn't greet me either. She grabbed 2 menus and started walking over to a booth. Half way there, she looked back at me because she probably sensed that I wasn't tailing her. "Oh!" I said.. "You are seating us". I sat down and brushed her shitty service off.We sat at that booth for about 8 thirsty minutes before my breakfast partner grabbed the next waitress walking by to ask for water. That waitress was very nice. She took our orders, apologized for the wait. She said our real waitress would be over to help us with anything else needed.Our real waitress:Looked like she hadn't slept in 2 weeks, and had about 3 or 4 hickeys on her neck. Show some class girl!I had a veggie skillet with 2 eggs over medium, instead of scrambled. The eggs were under cooked for over medium. Everything was bland. My roomie just got scrambled eggs and bacon, which she said were fine.. but how do you fuck that up? Maybe I am a snob. Even though the food was crap.. A smile and greet upon entering, and speedy service would have been worth another star to me. Fuck this place.
4	I've driven by this place for over 5 years, thinking it was too expensive for family food.  The exterior is a glitzy facade, so I expected yuppies to live there, and it wouldn't be a place for family grub.  I was SO wrong.On a whim, I took my college-sophomore daughter to breakfast here while we waited for the college bookstore to open.  The meals we ordered had so much food, that we ended up taking it home before we went back to the bookstore.  This experience was even so good, that we took the rest of our family on the next weekend outing.  Everyone enjoyed everything they tried, and each of us is excited to go back and try the Plan B items we didn't get to try the first time.  Now for the Big 3:Price:  Average.  $6-10 for each entree, and count on drinks, malts, shakes costing an extra $4-5.Service:  Mostly available.  The waitresses are super-busy, so you may have times where they haven't refilled drinks for 3-5 minutes.  Maybe I should drink slower.Taste:  Every item tasted perfect.  The biscuits-and-gravy were enjoyed by all at our table, and I had ordered the meatloaf, which was absolutely wonderful.  I will be conflicted on my next visit, since I KNOW the meatloaf is good, but I'd also like to try several other items.  I'm sure that everyone in your party will find something they'll like.Long live family businesses!
4	I read that this place has a inexpensive breakfast meal so I'd thought maybe the rest will be priced inexpensively. Their prices turned out to be about the same as elsewhere but maybe a bit higher. They had large portions that helped justify that though. My husband & I went there on a weekday early afternoon. Had quite a few people there. The staff was attentive and friendly. We loved the breakfast we had & left completely stuffed! They have great biscuits & gravy. We plan to go back when we next go out to breakfast or lunch.
4	Great diner food!Went for breakfast and had chicken fried steak with eggs over easy,WOW it was friggin awesome.Good service too.
1	My guy and I wanted to eat at a Japanese restaurant but was closed on Sundays.  We settled with Chase's Diner because it was near by and open.  Our waitress (can't remember her name...Lauren maybe?) was extremely polite and gave great customer service.  There were a few problems with our visit.  My guy and I thought their prices were a little overpriced for what kind of food it was.  Grilled cheese for $13?  It wasn't tasty or high quality.  Second, my chicken was ice cold in the center.  I sent my food back to have it remade.  As we waited, my date had a shocked look on his face.  He mouthed out to me there was a cricket crawling on the back of my seat.  I turned around and saw it was inches away from me.  I quickly ordered my food to-go because I didn't want to be at such an awful place.  Our waitress didn't charge us for my dish and we went on our way.  I noticed they didn't give me any of my sides.  I went home hungry and I probably will never go back to Chase's Diner.  Lauren, you are too good for that place.  I hope you find a better place to work at where your work ethics at appreciated!
4	Had the day off work and my oldest daughter was at home too, thought to myself, man I haven't gone out with just her in a while, let's go get breakfast. Asked her if she was game and she said yea and that she wanted some comfort food, so off to Chase's Diner we went!Ok I don't know what all the fuss is about, this is a diner, not a fine wining & dining , this is diner food.  I personally like Chase's, I have gone here quite a few times with my kids for dinner, and they have good burgers and home-style comfort food, just never had breakfast.So I ordered the works skillet that had peppers, onions, ham, potatoes and came with English muffing, now that was some good food! It was perfect! My daughter ordered the Volcano, which were 2 huge buttermilk biscuits smothered in sausage gravy with a side of hash browns, man did that look delish!!!! She loved every bit!!This diner is a good place for a fast home style meal!  I will be back!Oh yea they have this great breakfast deal too, 2 pancakes and choice of either sausage or bacon for 3.99!
4	Good parking. Great breakfast place with 50's diner feel.I got eggs, bacon and pancakes special, Great value and the pancakes were FANTASTIC FLUFFY DISCS sent to your plate from heaven. Try them.The waitress' were very friendly and gave a great start to the day.I'll be back when in the area.
5	Fantastic food, and a very cool place... Very homey...
3	Food was good. Wait staff was a little slow. The jukebox was icky and things were generally unclean.
3	Went there last night and while waiting for our food I observed a few things that were a bit concerning and would probably have the health department inspector ding them on...observed one of the girls dishing up salad, using tongs but also her hand to build the salad in the bowl.  Used tongs to add the onion and then fingers to break them apart.  No handwashing at any point.  When I went to open the mustard bottle, it was so caked with dried mustard, I had to ask for another bottle because it was just too gross to use.  Watched a young man roll silverware in napkins...touched all areas of the utensils and a couple of times scratched himself and went right back to rolling those utensils up.
4	I have eaten at Chase's Diner 3 times now and I am so glad that I found it. They have a nice menu with a wide variety of items for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The prices are very reasonable which is always nice when you are on a tight budget but are looking for a good meal. I had the Tuna Melt the first time which was excellent and was so excited when I saw you could order tater tots as a side. The kids menu is very cheap which for those of you with families knows how much it costs to feed the kids. The service on all 3 visits was great. I will definitely be eating at Chase's Diner again soon.
4	French toast was excellent, chorizo and eggs was super greasy. The daily breakfast special is a good deal.
5	I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a long time because it's so good. It's straight up good food, the menu is unique without being to out there and crazy. They have this breakfast burrito that they stuff with "chicken fried steak, french fries, eggs, cheese, sausage and they smother the whole thing with country gravy and more cheese. They don't have anything like that at IHOP.
4	Went here for a quick weekday breakfast while running errands.  Staff= friendly. Service= quick & pleasant. Food= better than expected. French Dip, Standard Cheeseburger and Green Chile cheeseburger all delivered.  Place could use an update and even a good cleaning on the windows and walls but it wasn't gross or anything.
3	It's diner food - take it for face value.  The burger was ok, the onion strings were not great.
4	Its Friday morning, I have the day off work and wanted to hang out with my daughter & her new baby, we both were hungry, and I thought hey lets go get breakfast at Chases Dinner, I didn't have to twist her arm too much, she loves that place.We bundled up the lil guy and walked on over there, we live close and I figured if I was going to eat bad, walking to and from would kind of help me out on that, haha.  I ordered a skillet for breakfast and it came with an english muffin and had home-style potatoes, onions, peppers, cheese ham and two eggs,  I hit it with some tabasco sauce and it was a perfect dish for me, I also ordered a small stack of chocolate chip pancakes, and in my head the pancakes where small, but when they came out to the table, they were huge, buttery, chocolate chip pancakes,,omg they were soo good, but only could eat one, next time I will just order one, yea I maybe a grandma, but I sure do love me some chocolate chip pancakes. My daughter ordered there chicken and waffles and a side of sausage gravy, shredded up the chicken over the waffle and covered it in the gravy,,,ok that to me looked do dang good, how did she think of that haha Chase Dinner is good comfort food, my kids enjoy this place a lot, so we keep coming back!
3	The food and service were pretty good. I had the chicken fried steak with hash browns and eggs. The steak was hand breaded and tasted very good. Also shared a pancake with pecans and chocolate chips. Yummy!!! My girlfriend had the chicken fried steak breakfast burrito which was massive. It would feed a small village. I would have given it four stars but I thought it was a little pricey. Overall a good breakfast spot!
4	I've driven by this place several times but just never had the inclination to try it out.  Well, last Friday some unusual events transpired in our life and the next thing you know, we were seated in a booth at Chase's Diner for dinner.....meaning, I wouldn't have chosen to go there under normal circumstances.  I regret not having eaten here before.  The food was very good and our waitress was attentive and such a sweetheart.  It's a down- home, comfort food kinda place.  I was pleasantly surprised.  My bf prefers home cooked meals and he said that when he can't get me to cook him a home cooked meal, he wouldn't mind so much if we could eat here at Chase's because their food is like home cooked. What we ordered:  * fried zuchini-- comes in sticks and not coins.  crunchy and firm...not soggy or mushy.  very good. * meatloaf--  Delicious and a BIG portion.  I had to take home leftovers because I just couldn't finish it all off.  This tasted home made....so good!* green beans --  almost like my mom's.  Cooked with bacon and onions, but Chase's has a kick to it.  I'm not sure what the secret ingredient is, but it was a bit spicy.....which I love.* pulled pork sandwich-- my bf went on and on about this.  It's served with cole slaw and he put some cole slaw in the sandwich and said it was great.  Food was delicious, portions were generous and the staff was super friendly.
5	I really enjoy Chase's for breakfast. The omelets are really tasty, the service is always great, and the vibe is casual and laid back. A favorite.
2	I don't normally eat beef, but every now and then I crave chili-cheese fries. I ran across this diner, and thought I hit the jackpot.Wrong.These were the blandest chili-cheese fries I EVER had. How can you screw this up?! Deep-fry some fries, pour a can of chili and a handful of shredded cheese over the hot fries...boom! Done. Nope. Not here. I don't know what they did. Waste of 8 bucks!
3	One of the "review highlights" for Chase's states "They have great biscuits & gravy".  I imagine if you had never had biscuits and gravy before, you may believe that to be true.  Surprisingly however, biscuits are not supposed to be dry and look like they were cut from a sheet.  I do not hold that against Chase's however, it is extremely difficult to find good biscuits around here, and their effort is no worse than many.  Fortunately there are plenty of good things to make up for it.  I had Andre's Green Caliente which I thought had a pleasant spicy taste.  It did not really live up to it's name, but it was nice to find something a bit different on the menu that was worthwhile.  The service here was fine, it is a perfectly serviceable spot for breakfast.
4	I needed a  quite place to eat lunch and finish some work with my laptop so I yelped places with Wi-Fi near me and Chase's Diner came up.  It's a nice place with a 50s theme including the booths and memorabilia.  Menu items were primarily American style cuisine so hamburgers with fries etc.  I tried the mushroom burger it was pretty good but a lil dry.  The plate was MASSIVE and I ended up taking 1/2 of it home.  Overall it was a good  experience, the Wi-Fi worked great only wished they had a little more healthy meals on the menu but I don't fault them for that since the traditional Americana foods are rarely good for your waistline.
5	Been coming here for years. I love love love this place!! Their 'The Works' skillet is amazing and so is their French Toast. It's made with a delightful custard batter that can put a smile on anyone's face. To be frank, all of their food is great. The service is stellar too!! You see a lot of the same people. During the week, they have a great breakfast special. There is no reason to come eat here!!
1	Too bad you can't give no stars as they earned it.  It's totally on their snobby service.  Stopped in on Black Friday and to our surprise the diner was about half full but plenty of the wait staff was doing busy work and we figured it would be a quick in and out.  We asked for a table and not a booth as I have back issues and booths are uncomfortable for me.  The hostess said they had none and there was at least one empty not 20 feet from her!  We asked a second time and she said they had none available and we said whats wrong with that table and she said our tables are only for large parties!  So it was off to another restaurant that would appreciate our money.  I won't come back either as I don't give 2nd chances to places that treat you bad right off the bat!
5	I love Chase's Diner! My family and friends have been going there regularly since they opened. Its a great diner with the pretty much diner classics you would expect.... not too mention some unexepected gems as well. The restaurant is always really clean, and the staff is always friendly. Often times when you walk in the door you will be greated not only my a hostess/server, but also a freindly shout from the kitchen too. I am a big fan of their chicken fried steak. They have a dinner and a breakfast option for it, however I always opt for the breakfast one regardless of time of day. A good cup of coffee, Chase's chicken fried steak, two eggs over easy, some soudough toast , and life definitely doesn't suck. Its hard to say enough good things about Chase's Diner... I guess mostly it is  great to see a locally owned small business that values its customers having success. Chase's is a great example of exactly that!Another great tip- They also have a killer  chili cheeseburger as an off menu item. Really good!!! Especially good if you can get it with the green chili too!!!
4	I am hear quite often, however, my Yelps serve no justice as I had to create a new account as I forgot my password. The little potatoes that are served aside most breakfast dishes for an additional few cents are the best. Crispy, deep fried goodness. I enjoy their staff as they are not forever changing and it is always nice to see familiar faces. Deep fried okra, awesome. Coffee, awesome. Every Sunday they have a trivia question, if you answer it correctly, you get a voucher for a free meal, double awesome!
5	This is a diner modeled after diners in the 50 ' s.  We sat at the counter and all of the staff gave us a warm greeting. Big menu with a bit of everything! We sat at the counter and saw quite a few of the dishes, making my decision that much harder. I had the chorizo skillet and a side of the green salsa.  Great kick in the salsa and love that they use beef chorizo.  Everything was good and fast!  Our server Sophia made our day! She was so sweet and very helpful.  You could tell the entire staff work well together and really liked each other.  Great customer service and really good diner food.  Not crazy prices either, I mean what more do you need? Diverse menu, great prices and awesome staff.  Thank you for making us feel so welcome!
5	The overall atmosphere is welcoming and pleasant. I felt at home here. Great food & service. A really comfortable place to sit and enjoy a meal.
4	Chase's Diner has been a staple in my family for a long time now.  It's important to understand that every business has their up and down days.  If you visit an establishment enough, you can begin to tell if they're consistent or not.  The majority of experiences I've had at Chase's have been really great.  I've tried just about everything on the menu.  Favorites include the chicken parmigiana sandwich, smothered breakfast burrito, turkey club sandwich with fresh thick slices of turkey, french dip sandwich, and even the fried shrimp platter is pretty darn good.  Their milkshakes are old school thick, creamy, milk and ice cream shakes with whipped cream and a cherry on top!  Most of the staff offer 'service with a smile', but don't expect the kind of wacky 50's entertainment from the servers like you'd find at Ed Debevick's...this just isn't that kind of place.  However, you will find some pretty cool memorabilia on the walls and great tunes on the jukebox.  Chase's Diner will always remain a favorite of my family.
5	Great milkshakes, atmosphere, and bacon. The waitress was a sweetheart as well! Adore this diner dearly and I will definitely return.
4	Great for breakfast or lunch, then stay for the pie!
1	If I could give a zero stars, I would.  Got Meatloaf dinner and Chicken Fried Steak tonight.  One piece of the meatloaf was literally burned black on one side and had the stripes from the grille.  The Chicken Fried Steak was hard as a rock.  The coating was like a dead carcass and it just peeled off the meat in one piece.  The meat inside could not have been chewed by a dinosaur!  I don't recommend Chase's to anyone who wants quality food.  They need some new people in their kitchen.  The owner was very nice, however, and offered us a free meal.  Which we declined.  We had this happen to us once a while back and swore we wouldn't go back that time.  This time........never again no matter how much free food they offered!
5	Love bringing the family.  Haven't had anything that wasn't delicious!  Staff is super friendly!  Carrot cake is to die for!
4	Great breakfast deals and all time great service. Prices a little higher than other diners but food quality is good.
2	It wasn't the greatest food. They fried the onion rings with the fish. The prices was way too high.
5	The owners are regulars at my work. They are wonderful people! One time they brought in slices of their chocolate cake and carrot cake, both were AMAZING! My favorite would have to be their carrot cake-it was so moist and flavorful!! Highly recommend!
5	This is my go to for breakfast in Phoenix! I always order the hot wings as an appetizer too... They are big meaty wings. I'm not sure what makes them so good but I order them almost every time I go, and I'm a self-proclaimed wing connoisseur. I've ordered just about every different breakfast option, including a burrito nearly the size of my head! Everything is good, trust me!The owners are always around, the whole family works there, which is another reason I go... Gotta support locally owned and operated! I always get great service, even my boyfriend who is the pickiest-eater-ever always gets his food out right. My boyfriend loves the club, its made with actual chicken breast and carved turkey, not just cold cuts.  I don't have a single complaint. And make sure not to leave without dessert... It's homemade and delicious. My favorites are the German chocolate and carrot cake, but I'm looking forward to trying the chocolate coconut creme pie one of these days! If you go with a group, try the superstition (a huge breakfast option made to be shared), it'll be fun!
1	I don't know if I hit it on an off day or what but the food I had was downright bad, cold and in the case of the sausage ,riddled with pieces of veins!  Not appetizing to say the least.  All four of the meals that my party had were substandard.   Serves me right for jinxing things by saying " it's a diner and we want breakfast, how bad could it be?"  Answer:  Bad.
5	Best version of a patty melt every! Naughty food super cheap. They had about a dozen shake flavors, banana was amazing. One is plenty for 2 to share. Service was excellent. Cute atmosphere.
5	This place has it all.  Great diner, cool memorabilia on the walls, and delicious food.  I went here for breakfast on a Friday morning.  Fairly average size crowd for a weekday morning.  The waitress that we had was very friendly and made sure we were taken care of.  Started my day with some chicken wings as my breakfast appetizer-Delicious.  And then I had the kitchen sink skillet for my main course.  I'm pretty much a skillet connoisseur and this was one of the best that I've ever had.  I didn't finish it though so I had some leftovers to kill later on.  And then I got desert to go to for later with my leftovers- German Chocolate Cake.  I will definitely be returning.
5	I have been coming here for over 12 yrs and I have never been disappointed.  Great prices and service is always prompt Happy Fathers Day.. the diner kind of puts you in the mind of "Happy Days" and the prices and quality of food is hands down fantastic.
5	High praise for an exceptional establishment. My compliments to the chef for all the great meals I have had the pleasure to enjoy, and cheers to the top notch service from a very friendly staff. An extra air high 5 to the awesome waitress who was kind enough to bring me my order while I waited outside with my pup. You guys rock
4	Very respectable food and a very reasonable price.Their skillets are fantastic, especially the green chile skillet.  the BBQ platter is also respectable considering it is not a BBQ place.  As pointed out in a few other reviews, the carrot cake and German chocolate cake are AWESOME.If you're up for a challenge, come in on an empty stomach and try eating their monster 'breakfast pile' (I forgot what they called it, but it's basically everything on the breakfast menu on a platter) and get your picture on the wall.Some cool photos and memorbilia there, a cool place to go if you have fond memories of the '50's and '60's.
2	We came for dessert.  The kids liked their sundae and shake.  They were not very tasty to me...the chocolate shake had a strange cinnamon after taste.  My German chocolate cake just made me sad.  Blech.  The server was very nice.  But I won't be back.
4	Have visited Chase's multiple times and enjoyed it every time -- I'd say my husband and I are becoming regulars here. Consistently great service, great food and decent prices. I can personally speak for both their breakfasts and their dessert, as both are great every time. The atmosphere is nice too, as long as you like diners.
4	When we lived in Chandler, Chase's was our regular Sunday breakfast stop. Haven't been here in years, but the fact that I can still recognize their wait staff speaks to just how "family owned" this place is. It's the kind of place people like to work and I've always enjoyed eating. Breakfast prices have gone up, but still reliable as great comfort food.
5	Doing a road trip with my husband across the United States and have to say we had the best breakfast here. Very simple two eggs with home fries, bacon and toast. Everything had so much flavor we had to come back the next day.
5	Delish!!! Yummy! ! All those words that describe good food at reasonable prices!  I stopped here on a whim because the place looked so cute..old aluminum 50's diner. Food is typical of "comfort food" and the corned beef hash breakfast I had was just that! Eggs cooked just right,  yummy hash browns and REAL rye toast. .the kind you used to get with caraway seeds and all. Go. Eat. Enjoy!
5	Best patty melt and strawberry shake ever! Service was fast and friendly and food was really good. Highly recommend this place. I will be going back again and again.
5	I am in nostalgic heaven right now! I really love these old diners and the ambiance they have! The food here is really good! We had the biscuits and gravy (fluffy and delicious with good flavor!), waffle combo (the waffles are awesome!!!), denver omelet and home fries (which are both worth having), and to top it off; a cinnamon roll! Holy cow!! We ate like kings, on not-a-king's budget!! 100% satisfaction!  :)
