5	Been going to Beautys for years.  Great, reliable, delicious.  Get the Superbeautys 2.
2	It's a good breakfast but it's depending on its reputation way to much. What kind of breakfast place charges you extra for filter coffee?This place is filled with tourists, if you want something just as good, half the cost, and way cooler, head East deeper in the plateau!
4	Beauty's is a corner diner known for great breakfast food. As Mitch S. pointed out, it is a tourist spot, so being a tourist, I had to check it out. Breakfast food is hard to mess up but it can get really greasy. The Superbeautys 2 I ordered wasn't greasy at all, even with the sausages. Worst part of the meal was the freshly squeezed orange juice. At three Canadian bucks, the orange better have been squeezed by Gisele Bundchen's asscheeks.The best part of the meal was, not surprisingly, the bagel. I've heard so much about Montreal's bagels and my skepticism as a New Yorker was definitely misguided and immediately debunked. The bagels are GREAT. They're small, almost half the size of a NYC bagel, but the density is there. I'm not claiming Beautys bagels to be the best, but it definitely set the bar high.Would I go back to Superbeautys when i'm in town? Probably not. The food was good but not mind-numbingly spectacular enough for me to spend a morning there instead of at another breakfast spot. But if you haven't been there before, it's definitely worth checking out.
2	This is a classic breakfast resto in Montreal, also a tourist stop. I had an egg sandwich on pumpernickel, it came with no sides. The wait is very long and frankly I think L'avenue has much better brunch for its value.
5	In the span of 2 minutes I fell in love with Beautys.  One of my friends suggested that I come here (she always comes when she's in Montreal visiting her grandma) but I have to admit that I hadn't had the time.  But serendipitously, on the way back to the Metro from Mont Royal, I passed it on my last day in Montreal and decided that I had to stop in.There was a line out the door to get a seat, but my colleague and I didn't have time to sit down and eat.  So we nudged our way inside and the gruff older gentleman sitting at the counter with a cup of coffee asked if he could help us.  We explained that we didn't have time to eat but that we'd heard that their bagels were the best in Montreal (a little flattery can go a long way!) and could we just buy some to take away.  2 minutes later I had a bag with a 1/2 dozen bagels for $4 and change.  Pretty good deal and we were on our way.  When I finally broke into the bagels they were not only some of the best I'd ever had (not like the huge, doughy New York style ones, but a bit drier and thinner which I liked) but my dad must have liked them so much that he ate the one I was saving for my friend...Next trip, I'll have to buy a dozen.
2	Let's see...10 bucks for a tuna melt.  Just a tuna melt...no pickle, no cole slaw, not even a decorative piece of lettuce.  Just a slab of sandwich cut in two and tossed onto a white plate.The food wasn't bad, but I had a limited amount of meals to eat while in Montreal.  Would I have wasted time in this diner if I could do it again? Nope.
5	A Montreal tradition.
4	I think I was in love with the place when I walked in and saw that it was old diner's decor, with stools and booths - and the postcards being given away.We got here after our failed attempts in finding a "Montreal deli house"- thank goodness we failed, is all I can say.I think my BEST cup of coffee was experienced here - it was so good I drank it until I thought I was going to puke.The food was pretty good - needed some seasoning - but the pancakes? well. nevermind those. I have tried better greasy spoons but the service, I think also justifies the cost here.The server was incredibly friendly - I would give totally props - I think his name was Aaron? anyway, among all sorts of restaurants we'd been during our stay, he was the only server who engaged with us.Great atmophere, good food and excellent service. I would totally go back.
4	I love the diner feel of Beautys.. The hubby tells me this is a Montreal institution.. I must agree!The menu is extensive.. Being a California girl I was a little disappointed that they didn't have Avocado, but I know they don't grow everywhere as freely.. I didn't knock it for this.. I ordered the greek style omlette, with feta.. egg whites please.. mm it was soo good. Shannon raves over the Montreal bagel.. I hate to say this, I like Toronto's better.. Please no hate mail, we all have different taste buds. Would I come back? Better believe it...
5	A must every time I go to Montreal. Come in, you'll be welcomed!
3	There is a real life couple behind this Montreal staple, meet Hymnie and Freda. When they decided to open this diner in the city's Jewish district, I bet they didn't expect line-ups of hungry loud mouthed Montreal Canadienne fans, hung-over visiting Torontonian undergrads, UGG wearing yuppies and their Burberry scarf donning boyfriends, or me and my leather-jacket clad entourage of Asians. But alas, they did.The longetivity of this eatery is likely rooted in the excellent food and casual atmosphere.I love their waffles and mac n cheese. Not together, that's just gross. A little FYI, I wouldn't get the bagel and lox platter because it's overpriced. The line-up is usually the only reason I may skip it.  On days I can deal, I'll endure the wait, especially if I want waffles first thing in the morning...afternoon...depending on what I did the night before.
4	I rate this place not only for the food, but the feel is exactly what I hoped/imagined a North American diner experience would be like.The big breakfast (called "Beauty's 2" on the menu - I'm not sure what happened to #1) is great, and highly recommended. The bagels are as good as you'd expect for a Jewish-run restaurant in Montreal - flawless.The pancakes are top notch, but I particularly like the normal ones best (rather than the blueberries ones). There's probably nothing wrong with the blueberry pancakes, but they just didn't live up to my (admittedly high) expectations. I consider myself a Blueberry Expert, and I haven't found a food that can't be improved by stuffing it with blueberries. Unfortunately, these ones just didn't make it. Stick to the plain ones.Even with all these good things, the stand-out on the menu for me is their cookies-and-creme smoothie. Oh. My. G-d. It is amazing. I'm lucky Beauty's is on the other side of the mont from my home, or I would have gorged myself on it way too many times already.TLDR; Go and try the cookies-and-creme smoothie. Everything else is good, but not as good as the smoothie.
4	Make sure you come early, as there WILL be a line-up later. Beauty's is like an old-school diner, bar stools included. It's very cramped and claustrophobia-inducing since as the owner so eloquently stated "every seat is money". We were promptly seated in a booth at the back, almost in the kitchen. This served as entertainment as well since you could clearly see how the servers and the cooks interact (and let me tell you, it. is. tense.) We ordered a cookies and creme smoothie (never too early for one of these bad boys), french toast, and a Beauty's 2. The smoothie was huge, don't expect to finish your breakfast after this. The french toast was a bit greasy and since it;s made with challah bread, it's pretty rich. Beauty's 2 was huge: potatoes (not great), 2 eggs (any style), bacon (cripsy!), pancakes (meh), and a bagel (st. viateur?). Service was decent. If you're looking for an old-school breakfast experience, check out Beauty's.
5	Loved this place! Would definately go back. Great food and atmosphere! Reasonable prices too!
5	I found myself on the plateau in that time zone when it's too late for lunch but too early for something heavy as it might spoil dinner, when I stumbled across this little diner which by the looks of it has been around for quite some time!Just needed a little boost for the rest of the afternoon and after perusing the menu and debating an all day breakfast or a burger, I landed on a classic. BLT on rye. Well let me tell you, this was by far the BEST BLT I've ever had!!! 3 layers of juicy ripe tomatoes, stack of bacon and crisp layer (about 1 inch) lettuce. Just the right amount of mayo and level of crispyness, I found myself in BLT heaven!!!Service was prompt and courteous and for $5, can't go wrong!!
4	Do NOT leave here without buying a Chocolate Milkshake.More on that later.If you're in Montreal, stopping for a meal at Beauty's is a must. Even Anthony Bourdain on No Reservations says so. Sure, it's diner food, but there's an inexplicable charm about watching this ridiculously old man seat people, and then seeing a 60+ year old photo on the counter of a young boy doing the same thing and realizing, "OMG THAT'S HIM. That's the owner!"Does it offer anything revolutionary and different? No. What Beauty's does offer is standard diner food done RIGHT. Quite simply, it tastes good! Everything comes hot, tastes fresh, and when you're done eating, you realize you are completely satisfied. As standard diner etiquette goes, the waitresses are not particularly nice, but rather all business. The bagels you get with your meal are all right, but nothing special. Just a nice touch.Beauty's offers fruit smoothies that are pretty good, but the main star of their beverage world is definitely the milkshake. I brilliantly ordered a chocolate milkshake, which turned out to be the best decision I made that day. It was phenomenal. I've never even used the word 'phenomenal' before, but that's what it was. Chocolaty, sweet, and too easily drinkable (this is NOT a thick milkshake, if that's what you're after), it was definitely the highlight of my meal. I had to cut off my mooching friend from stealing any more. Don't come too hungry, but rather expect to wait on a line that goes out the door and wraps around the corner.And don't forget to take some free souvenir post cards on the way out!..At least I hope those were free.. hmm.
3	Close proximity to our apt and we arrived at the perfect time about 5 min after we sat down there was a huge rush (we arrived around 11:15 am Saturday morning for brunch) Pretty solid breakfast line up my only gripe is that everything is a la carte- Most places offer a side with sandwiches and egg dishes. We did the French toast and tuna melt, side of home fries and one cookies and cream shake to go. Yes the shakes are as good as everyone says they are. French toast was made with freshly bake challah bread but came with sesame seeds ... interesting twist.. Id probabaly come back but i wouldnt rush to do so there are so many brunch places on Rue Mont Royal
3	Went to Beauty's based on the other reviews. But I would say it's just a typical diner, nothing too exciting. It was fine, but not sure if I would say it's a must visit if you're in Montreal. It's just average.
5	Always good SuperBeautys 2, bleu smoothies, and the best rice pudding ever!!!!
5	Decent place for breakfast , brunch... The owner been around since the 50s and still hangs around..
4	Classic restaurant in the heart of the plateau. Take a step back in time when you walk through the doors. Service and food come together for the perfect meal. Add a classic milkshake for the grand finale.
5	I am completely smitten with Beauty's. The concept, the food, the charm, and most of all The Man behind it all, Mr. Hymie Sckolnick. He opened up the restaurant in 1942 and to this day, he still runs the restaurant at 91 years of age. You are first greeted at the door by a long ass line. If you feel any negativity about having to wait on said long ass line, the negativity soon evaporates once you are greeted at the front of the line by Hymie himself in his 91 year old glory. You'll be initially confused because he will greet you with a "you're welcome", only to realize that he means it as in "You are welcome here." And that is precisely the environment that Beauty's has achieved. The friendliness of the staff, the hominess of the cushy blue booths, and the I-could-eat-this-for-breakfast-every-day-of-my-life quality of food makes every patron feel welcome and serve as the reasons why people can't get enough of this place.  I would recommend anything and everything off of their menu, but especially implore you to order anything that includes bagels (freshly baked!) and/or challah (i.e. thick pieces of carbs that are doused in butter and then toasted and then glazed with more butter). You'd probably also regret not trying the Beauty's Special of lox + a ton of cream cheese + bagel.If you're a New Yorker, you will love this place because it's exactly the kind of authentic old-school, neighborhood diner that the amalgam of new faux-diner establishments try  to emulate.
4	Beauty's is a pretty cool little restaurant. We decided to walk down for breakfast right before checking out a huge park nearby. We didn't eat a lot since we'd be walking for the next 2 hours but what we did have was really good.Mr. Sckolnick greated us at the door and we got a table for two pretty quickly. The whole place definitely had that welcoming old school diner feel to it. We got an egg, bacon and tomato sandwich on challah which hit the spot. We also tried one of their bagels which I believe they make there and was great.
2	For a second breakfast stop, my mother decided to sleep in (conserve capacity) while my aunt and I trekked to Beauty's, the 1942 bruncheonette on the corner of Mont Royal West and St. Urbain.  Perhaps not as famous as St. Viateur or Schwartz's, fans and the local media still place the small diner on the same "Best of" and "Iconic" lists and unlike the former, original owner Hymie Sckolnick is still involved as he approaches his tenth decade of life.With an opening hour of 7am, and after a near-ticket with a local police officer targeting people for taking left-turns on a nearby street we arrived at Beauty's perhaps fifteen minutes after opening and after looking at the myriad articles posted in the small entry way entered to find only a few locals sitting at the bar.  Greeted promptly by one of three servers we were led to a booth where menus were provided, coffee was ordered, and we were left to make our choices from a number of deli classics and a few Montreal specialties such as the "Mish-Mash."Sitting and browsing the menu as well as the space, Beauty's is pretty much exactly what you'd expect from an old-school Jewish diner - kosher meats, a small selection of baked goods, and breakfast staples like pancakes, challah French toast, bagels, cream cheese, and lox in a room full of small booths and a long counter where short-order cooks quickly and quietly put together breakfast plates while chatting with the clientele while friendly waitresses performed their duties expediently.Orders placed and by now working on my second cup of thin but well flavored 'joe as my aunt sipped on a large glass of fresh squeezed orange juice it would not be long before our first item arrived - a small order of house made "Pouding Au Riz" for $4 plus a 40ml serving of pure maple syrup for $2.50.  Realizing, of course, that profit margins at a place like Beauty's are not that high and setting aside my general distaste for paying extra for a condiment I will say that the rice pudding itself was unremarkable in most ways - a bit too thick, a bit too congealed, and not enough of the golden raisins to balance the lack of vanilla or sweetness.  Adding a bit of the syrup helped, but I also had to conserve for my main course.Moving next to the aforementioned mains, pancakes for my aunt and French Toast for myself - specifically Apple Cinnamon pancakes and Challah French toast and the former once again proving the point that my aunt simply cannot and should not ever order pancakes as each disc was pleasantly golden but far too dense and largely lacking any semblance of apple or cinnamon flavor aside from the few small chunks of apples mixed into the batter.  Not one to fancy syrup but instead opting for powdered sugar or sugar on her cakes I think my aunt had anticipated cooked apples served overtop but instead was left high and (quite literally) dry for $7.50.For my part, particularly with the addition of the overpriced syrup (which they did not even provide me in the special "Beauty's" glass bottle,) I have to admit that the $7.50 Challah French Toast was the star of the morning with the dense eggy bread nicely saturated with vanilla tinged custard and seared to a golden tan.  Slightly crisp on the exterior and just a bit 'wet' in the middle there was nothing fancy about the toast - just a good rendition of a classic making me wonder if perhaps Beauty's is the sort of place where one should just stick to the script and order eggs and bacon...an answer I'll probably never know as I'd be very hard pressed to return.
5	This place deserves a 5 for the filling comfort food breakfast, but most importantly the warm greeting from owner Hymi Sckolnick (92 years old!)... two days in a row! The portions are huge and everything was very tasty and has a home cooked feel.The home fries are amazing and the Superbeauty 2 breakfast meal is more than enough to share. Bagels from St. Viateur bakery are obviously amazing. Definitely a cool, iconic place to enjoy breakfast and friendly staff.
3	Solid breakfast food served in generous portions for a reasonable price! Waitresses were quick, friendly, hard working and accommodating. We couldn't help but laugh at the strange old man pointing patrons to their designated seats and muttering "you're welcome" even if they hadn't addressed him. Not an essential fixture while travelling in Montreal, but a charming little place nonetheless, and a proper diner if it's on the way and you have a large appetite for breakfast food. I would recommend their signature "Mish Mash" omelette - especially as a hangover remedy!
4	Great little diner in Mont Royal!  Just quick walk from Mont Royal park.  My SO and I arrived just before 10am on a Saturday and we were seated right away.  Service was quick and friendly.  I ordered the vegetable omelete with broccoli, cauliflower, red peppers and gooey cheddar cheese.  It was a big serving with lots of home fries as an accompaniment.  The omelete was delicious, not overtly greasy and generous portion.  My dish came with a good old Montreal bagel.  Coffee was ok.  My SO ordered the Beautys special - its a smoked salmon and cream cheese bagel with red onion.  He described it as simple yet very delicious.  Price - above average, it was just under $40 with tip for the both of us.It gets busy after 11:30am - there was a line-up after we finished up breakfast.I would definitely recommend Beautys if you are in Montreal.
2	I've heard a lot about this place and maybe my expectations were high but I wasn't impressed. THe breakfast potatoes were bland, the eggs were extremely oily, the pancakes were too doughy... not my favorite place at all but I liked the old diner look and feel to it. I would go back just for the ambiance. The service was great ... the waitress was on top of her game, super sweet.
4	3.5, but rounded up to 4 due to Yelp's scale.... just as well since this place is a Montreal institution.  So, 4 it is!All in all, a pretty solid breakfast spot.  It really is pretty basic.... just your typical, family run diner.  But, it does seem to be a dying breed nowadays, so I understand why people might rave about it.The staff is pretty friendly, and the prices are pretty decent for the area.If you get a chance to stop by, do so.  If not, it's not really worth a special trip.Recommend.
5	Best american dinner/brunch in the city.
4	This place is deeeeelicious!Saw it on the food network, so just had to pay it a visit on my first trip to Montreal. As we approached we saw the longggg line and were slightly intimidated, but realized it must be good if so many people are waiting! My friend and I hopped on line and within a few minutes the sweetest old man came out to welcome us us, and find out which parties were large and which were small.  As we got closer to the front we realized he's the owner! How cool is it to have the owner welcoming you?! They have a policy where they like the fill the table, so if you're a table of 2 and the people behind you are a table of   5, if a booth that seats 5 opens up they're going to get seated first! The line moves pretty quickly though and everyone on line starts chatting after a while so it's no biggie. When we were seated we ordered the the most popular dishes, the Beauty's Special (freshly made poppy seed bagel with cream cheese, lox, tomato and onion) and the Mish mash omelette (egg, carmelized onion, pepper, hot dog and sausage; with a side of home fries and a freshly made bagel). It was sooooooo delicious! Totally worth the wait and then some!
2	Someone recommended Beauty's as the place to go for breakfast in Montreal. It was close to where we were staying, so why not. It was a weekday morning, so no crowds, but sufficiently populated. The service was fast and pleasant enough, but I don't understand the hype about the food. My husband had the challah French toast , whichwas tasty. I had a mushroom omelet that tasted fine, but nothing special. I had no choice of bagel, and the default is sesame.  It was probably the most bland tasting bagel I had ever eaten aside from supermarket bagels. Another thing, if you're a tea drinker, get your tea elsewhere either before or after your meal. The tea is horrible. That was just about it for me. Next time I'll go to one of the many other restaurants on Avenue Mont-Royal.
4	They have amazing lox and some of the airiest homemade cream cheese I have ever tasted.I also ordered the omelet and it was good, but nothing to rave about. I will stick to the lox on my next visit.  It is to die for.They have a very efficient and friendly service staff that makes you feel like a regular.It is well worth the long lines no matter the weather.  This is a foodie must if you are in Montreal.
5	My favorite brunch spot in the city ^-^ they have bagels to die for!
4	My friends and I went to Beauty's and after reading the yelp reviews were excited about this place.   We went during the week and just after the big storm so we found the place to be quiet which was a nice surprize because I've heard the line ups are long.  We were not to be disappointed.  The service was friendly and quick.  Moreover, the food-the pancakes and the challah bread were excellent.  The coffee was filled up regularly too.  Bonus.  Would go again and again.
4	I was in Montreal in December and locals highly recommended this place for brunch. I was not disappointed at all! Nestled in Montreal's Plateau neighbourhood this place is a staple for locals and McGill students alike. A cute diner that's been around for 40+ plus years, it's exactly what springs to mind when you think old school diner.I went with a group of friends just after the Christmas holidays. This meant the resto was opening an hour later for 8am and the much anticipated queues were nowhere to be seen. We got seated right away in a booth. Best! I ordered the pain dore (french toast) made on challah - egg on egg action with bacon. Delicious! Friends ordered pain dore with fruit and blueberry pancakes. We got hash for the table, more than enough to share. Coffee's were filled to the brim.Such a lovely treat first thing in the morning. Must do if you're visiting the 514.
3	We went early Sunday morning thinking there would be a line- thankfully- almost empty! Once I looked around I expected it to be a great greasy breakfast so I ordered the usual eggs, bacon, home fries and toast plate which generally tells me how good a breakfast place is.If I had judged Beautys by this- I don't think I would have jumped to go back. I found the home fries to be similar to day old skinny french fries chopped up and warmed. The bacon and eggs were typically good but also arrived really fast which was nice. I really dislike waiting a long time for breakfast- it's the first meal of the day- I need it quick! :)What did really impress me- and why I'm going back to give a second chance- was our waitress and our 2nd dish.First, our waitress was fantastic. Really warm, smiley and genuine and our food literally arrived in minutes. Second reason was the melt. Oh my word! They use challah bread (forgive me if I spelled it wrong) and we had a melt with egg, bacon and cheese. It was so simple and SO delicious! It literally melts in your mouth! The melt comes with a choice of meats and our waitress said it's even better with salami. That bread is so good! I heard their French toast is made with the same bread so that's my next order! It was about $30 for my plate, the melt sandwich, a chocolate shake and our coffees. It was ok so far but I am excited to go back and try it again.
5	Excellent breakfast. Definitely worth the wait. Had the French Toast and it was delicious.  Service was outstanding.  I'll be back.
4	We finally made it to Beauty's for breakfast on our last trip to Montreal. Beauty was there in the flesh to greet us when we came in, which is pretty cool. It was a January morning so very cold and we were happy to see that we wouldn't need to wait in line (though when we were leaving they were getting busier there was still no line.)It's not that the food isn't good, because it is. The service is very fast, though, and that's probably why the turnover is fast enough to keep people off the streets. We were seen almost immediately and brought hot coffee, which wasn't anything fancy but it was good. I decided to have the latkes with sour cream and apple sauce and he had the Mish-Mash, because when there's a trademarked omelette on the menu, it's called the Mish-Mash and it has hot dogs in it SOMEBODY has to order it. Our food was up very quickly. My latkes didn't come with anything beyond the condiments (which is fine since they're $6!) and the Mish-Mash came with a toasted sesame bagel and home fries. Everything was very good (hot dogs and salami in an omelette - who knew?) and everything together after tax and tip came in at under $30. This is a way more reasonable standard breakfast than the fancier meals we've had on previous visits and one we plan to repeat!
3	Pretty tasty breakfast. Mish mash omelete is good, try also the potato latkes which are not bad.  very friendly staff. A bit overpriced tho. 45$ for two is bit too much for the place I think. To be done at least once.
4	The line on the weekend, with many locals, is a true sign that the word is out on Beauty's. What fun we had with our waiter and the visit to our table by Hymie the owner. A lovely gentleman who clearly loves his work. The Nova lox plate was a great way to start the day, and the omelettes were light without the grease of typical greasy spoons.
2	My experience on todays Monday brunch at Beautys was OK. Prices were way over priced and waitress service rushed.  Sure we were there at an odd time but a polite "I am finishing soon could I get you anything else? Mind if I hand you the bill early?" Would've been a much nicer thing to do. I don't understand the deal but its okay. As far as food was concerned it was average nothing bad or awesome greatness to leave the experience memorable. However the expensive bill didn't leave me quiet satisfied which led to the 2 star. Overall I wouldn't be upset over this ome experience I do look forward to anyone else dragging me here to give this place another try. Aside that I doubt my legs will lead me to this destination.
4	First time at this Montreal land mark. Went on a Saturday around noon so it had a lineup out the door as anticipated, though it moved quickly. The owner Hymie was there to host and seat tables, making sure the restaurant was moving efficiently. Nice to see him still so involved, interacting with guests. Had the classic smoked salmon bagel with tomato and onion, montreal bagel was great, I have a bias towards my Nova Scotia smoked salmon, but overall a very tasting sandwich. Fresh fruit and coffee also very good. Well priced and great atmosphere with multiple generations of the family in house to serve the masses for breakfast. Must go to experience!
3	We didn't have to wait in line (which apparently is a normal occurrence here) and the service was good and fast! Everyone was very friendly and the Mac and cheese was to excellent! I would definitely recommend this place when visiting Montreal.
3	Decent diner but nothing special really. Perhaps it is a great diner with Montreal measures but, I don't think it's much to write home about.
4	Had a basic breakfast with coffee, it wasn't greasy which I like and the coffee was good as well. The service was nice. It's good when you're in a mood for a solid diner-type place without the grease.
4	I am a tourist and I didn't think Montreal is famous for their bagels? I always like new york bagel with Philly cream cheese. Beauty bagel sandwich has changed my mind. I like how crispy, thin and smaller they are. We order the Beautys special bagel with tomato, onion, cream cheese and lox. I wish they had capers. NYC bagel is too big to eat. The bagel from Beauty is about the right size,It is a family business and the daughter was out waitress. She had no problem of we Americans no speaking French. She was friendly and took her time to explain the food and thr history of th diner.
4	Certain restaurants in Montreal are what one would call institutions. As a local Montrealer, these are places that you should get to at some point because to miss them is to miss out on experiences that are part of what makes Montreal special when it comes to food. Schwartz's, Moishes (eventually in my case), Laurier BBQ before the Ramsey fiasco, St-Viateur and/or Fairmount bagels (depending on where you side on that debate but that's a story for another day), etc.... In the end, you may leave slightly underwhelmed because your experience couldn't possibly match up to the hype but regardless, they are places that you must experience for yourself.Beauty's is such a place. A staple of Montreal since 1942, they have been owned by the same family the whole time and have been serving up breakfast in Mile End ever since. Any day of the week you pass by, you will see a line-up outside. On this beautiful thanksgiving weekend, before heading to watch the Alouettes sadly get beat at Molson Stadium, I finally got my chance to visit Beauty's with some friends for a little late breakfast.Beauty's is known for their special - cream cheese, smoked salmon and onion on a bagel. However, I am not much of a fan of smoked salmon so I chose to go with the Beauty's basic - two eggs, home fries, one meat with a bagel. A simple dish but one that must be spot on if you are worth your salt as a breakfast place. Very good overall. The home fries in particular were quite delicious.To that, we originally ordered some latkes and I took a Classico Beauty's smoothie. However, they had run out of latkes by the way we got our order in. So just the smoothie would have to do. Strawberry, banana and orange juice - simple but classic. A nice thick consistency and very delicious. The perfect complement to a nice breakfast.Is it a earth shattering breakfast? Not exactly. But it is a Montreal landmark that serves a very good breakfast. The place looks exactly like what you think it would - a diner that has been going since 1942. It has a wonderful old fashion feel that I absolutely love - right down to the owner greeting you at the door and joking with you as you wait for your table. You may want something more unique or different for breakfast but that's not Beauty's and that's fine. They simply do a damn fine breakfast as they have been doing since 1942. For that reason alone, you need to check it out. I waited way too long. You don't have to make that same mistake.Cheers!
4	Got the standard breakfast. Everything was yummy. 1 star ding for mandatory 18% tip on table of 5 when one of us was a 2 year old.
4	Belgian waffles weren't too bad.  Salmon bagel looked good on the plate my friend ordered.  The walk over sucked when it was raining, but at least they serve an inviting warm caffe con leche.  Wallet was rather thin after the trip but our appetites were filled.
5	Favorite breakfast place in Montreal. Bacon was out of this world along with the hot chocolate. Service was genuine and prompt. A very special place to take the family.
4	The pancakes were not overly sweet and even had a slight tinge of savouriness to them. I would attribute this to being cooked on a very well seasoned griddle that has seen the backside of eggs and bacon for decades. Like Chinese restaurants have the "wok hei" - the "breath of the wok" that constitutes the umami of a dish; in this context, I would call this Beauty's Jewish "Oymami".
4	Cute and cozy. Feels like you're in the 1950s! Extremely warm staff, a varied menu and delicious smoothies. A Montreal legend !
3	Russian rye rules!!! Good morning wake up on a cold winter's morning.
3	Wanting one last typically north American brunch, we stopped at raved-about Beautys. We arrived just before lunch rush and were therefore seated right away by a fiery old man which we later learned was the owner. The decor of the place takes you back to the 50's, so does the menu; the rushed and stressed atmosphere and the prices on said menu reminds you you're definitely in 2014.We had the superbeauty2 (eggs, pancakes, sausages, bacon and potatoes) with a fresh orange juice and the Nova omelette (salmon, pepper and onions) with bagels and a chocolate milkshake. The food had nothing wow about it. It's all very comfy and easy, nothing you couldn't make yourself in your kitchen even without any cooking talent. But you have the pleasure of it being done for you as if like us you just didn't feel like cooking this morning. The orange juice was good and fresh as announced (it's so rarely the case I had to point it out) and the milkshake was just delicious.Do not expect to be able to take your time and enjoy your brunch, this is a place where you come, eat and go (and pay), no time to waste.
5	This was the first place I ate at when arriving to Montreal!!! Wow! The restaurant has an old school diner feel, and I believe the original owner still works here to seat the guests!The omelette I had here was the best I've had! It is a very busy place so if you're a big group it may be challenging to get a table but definitely worth trying if you've never been. i will be coming back for sure!Food -  GreatService - Friendly and quickAmbiance - Old school dinerWorth the money - Yes!
2	I used to live very close to this place so I have been there several times and pass by it every day. This place is always packed and there is always a line up on the weekends. This is something I never understood because the food at this place is very ordinary. You will have the typical breakfast for a very inflated price. I ordered waffles once and it came to be on a plate with just the plain dry waffle, nothing else. That being said, I did enjoy the ambiance of this place.
4	Good option for brunch on the best diner style. Went after a run at montroyal and liked the ambiance and food.
4	Such a cute little diner, still ran by the owner himself (he runs the whole show, seating everyone, etc) small, food comes out quickly, service is better than what I have had in all of Montreal. I got the lox plate which was delicious, comes with 2 sesame Montreal bagels, creamed cheese, red onions as well as tomatoes. The Bloody Mary was the star of the show though. They bring you a can of tomato juice, Tabasco, horseradish and a couple of other things to make your own Bloody Mary! A very clever idea. A must go to while visiting Montreal.
1	Nothing great. Worst breakfast potatoes I ever had.  Bagel came a good 15 minutes before the rest of our meal.  Not the freshest bagel either.   Would not return.  There are much better breakfast places in  Montreal.
3	The classic diner interior is appealing and well maintained. An OK place for a basic breakfast though the food is not remarkable. My hash browns were lacking flavour and had been over cooked. I could not eat the sausages. I was given butter from a plastic container even though others got fresh butter, and it had a bad plastic taste. My waitress was very kind when I asked for the real deal, and even swapped out my bagel. The service was friendly and welcoming. I would go back, though I wouldn't recommend waiting in a line if that's what you're faced with.
3	Came here on a Monday morning and it surprisingly wasn't as packed as I expected! Very relaxing atmosphere with friendly, quick service.- Beauty's Special: Sesame bagel with lox. Yummy! Pretty straight forward sandwich and hard to mess up, but at the same time, very tasty- Waffles with sausage: Crunchy and fluffy at the same time, with good maple syrup. Sausage links were fine, but nothing special.Really cute little diner with the owner still on site. Good food, good service, but I wouldnt wait in line for more than 30 minutes (which I imagine is the case on weekends or peak hours).
3	We had really high expectations for Beauty's after reading plenty of reviews and after walking past it every day and seeing a line out the door. On our last day in Montreal we finally had the time to wait in line to get a seat, unfortunately we were seated at the bar.This place is the epitome of a diner. I love the vibe, however the waitress was not very attentive.. and we were asked to move down so they could fit more diners. The food was OK. That's all I have to say about the food, it didn't blow me away.The apple pie smoothie was interesting but gave me the shits. There are other breakfast places that beat here for sure, not worth the wait.
4	Simple:   Order their special = Fairmount bagel with lox, red onions, tomatoes, and creamed cheese.  Add an order of a large cappuccino (it's sooo foamy and delicious!).  Then order seconds for both.  Done!My friend and I just came for the bagel w/ lox specialty, but just because we were visiting Montreal and Beautys for the first time, we split a typical breakfast dish: 2 fried eggs, bacon, home fries (potatoes), side of toasted fairmount bagel, and that was done right. No complaints here.We went early on a weekday so no lines, no wait. Service was a little slow, but nothing that was irksome.
4	Great little spot for whatever. I had the beautys special, bagel with smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes and onions. It was delicious. Also grabbed some rice pudding. As for the bagel debate, the two styles are different so it's hard to compare. I much prefer the NYC style of bagel, but the ones from Montreal are still worth eating.Also get a mixed drink, they bring it out all separate so you can mix it up at the bar or your table. Also sit at the bar if you have a small party of people, you get an up close and personal experience with the wait staff and the kitchen staff
5	great branding and delicious breakfast.
5	Really great breakfast spot. Love the nostalgia feel here. The owner of the restaurant sits in the same seat everyday and keeps an eye on things. The service, good, and atmosphere are all top notch. Instead of toast you get a famous bagel. I had the Beauty Special - 2 eggs, meat, and potatoes plus a side of lox for the bagel.
4	Awesome old-school diner with a pleasant, homey atmosphere and solid Montreal bagels. They make killer sandwiches (the Beauty's Breakfast Melt on grilled challah was excellent) and big milkshakes, too. The guy running the hosting station at the front (I think his name is Hymie) is a treat to talk to.
5	Beauty's is awesome.  There was a decent line out front which went quickly.  The atmosphere is great, as it looks like not much has changed over the last few decades.The OJ is fresh squeezed and delicious, and the breakfast was simple, and well prepared.  The bagel was awesome!  Our server was excellent as well.  I'll definitely be visiting here on my next trip to Montreal and recommend this to anyone looking for a great breakfast!
