3	YIKES!!!!   If you thought the airline security lines are bad, this is 10 times worse.   There were 10 people in line in front of me and it took nearly a half an hour to check and search everyone.....and the people were obviously tourists.   I felt like I was going to meet the President or the Queen.   What is scary is that the line could have several hundred people waiting and they have only one security check point.    Here is my summary:GOOD POINTS: 4 stars1.  This is the classic million dollar view.....ooops wait this is 2007 and there has been inflation......This is the classic billion dollar view.  A small one bedroom apartment would go for over a million with a view like this.  Over 800 feet in the air.  I came right before sunset and saw Las Vegas in sunlight, sunset and night.   This is an indoor enclosed platform with floor to ceiling glass windows 360 degrees in a circle.  SPECTACULAR2.  Fast Elevators.   If you are slightly claustrophobic, this is ok if you can handle regular elevators.   They say the speed is about 25 MPH...which means going 800 feet straight up is less than a minute.3.  You can stay as long as you want and no one bugs you to keep moving on.   I was there for 2 hours just staring at the scenery.  Great place to sit and have a good conversation with someone or read a book during the slow season.   At sunset, the place was nearly empty.4  Daytime photography is great.   There is little distortion from the windows.BAD POINTS:  2 stars1.  The security check in is a LONG wait.   God knows how long it would be with 100 or more people in line during peak season.  Call ahead to check to see how long the lines are.2.  Night time photography is awful.   For safety reasons there is a double or more panes of glass between you and the elements.   As a result, you get multiple reflections through the layers of glass that is unavoidable.   I took long exposures when resting the camera on a steel beam...so i know there was very little movement.....and the pictures still were blurry with distortions consistent with camera position.3.  Admission is $10.95 including tax.   A little steep for Vegas and just sightseeing for an hour or so for most people.  With this stiff for Las Vegas fee, you don't feel obligated at all to buy or gamble in their casino.   Look at Bellagio.....the Botanical Gardens, the Water Fountain Show....all that is free.Overall rating:  3 stars
2	I guess it's something everyone has to do once, and once is plenty.If you're going to go to the top of the Stratosphere, you might as well do it at night when everything is lit up.  You start the process by taking a few escalators and walking past several tourist trap stores before getting to the line for tickets.  If you're a tourist, it costs 10 bucks or so to get to the top.  For a local, its a couple of bucks less.  As previously mentioned, it's like an airport getting through security.  Place all your belongings in a plastic bin.  Pass through metal detector, get the wand treatment and your off.  Oh but wait, you also have to be accosted by the souvenir photo takers.The elevator ride to the top is quick.  The first level you you step onto is still enclosed.  And yes, there's even a Starbucks at the top of the Stratosphere.  To see the great view, just head up the stairs, where you're finally outside.  For me, he reason to go to the top is the view itself.  For others it's the insane rides.  There's a ride that slides you down a teeter-totter type deal over the edge.  Another take you over the edge and spins you around.  These rides cost money on top of what you paid to get there.  If you're a thrillseeker, you'll love it.My guess is the Stratosphere is like the western Empire State Building.  Cross it off life's to-do list and move on.P.S.  On the way down, the elevator op started giving her bullet point fun facts speech, only she gave us the version intended for the ride up.  It was high hilarity.
5	You know what guys...its worth it... the line, the $, all of it. So worth it. If your going to Vegas this is worth it...if you live there...probably not...I live 20 min from San Francisco... never been to alcatraz....If you visit Vegas, just go up there...its so cool...toss your kids on the rides, or go on them yourself, and freaken start enjoying your life already...Go on the stratosphere...Have a Starbucks (yes their everywhere) up there.
2	Nice for getting some skyline photos of Vegas. Not worth the price. Besides, it is too far away from the big casinos -- you'd probably do better on the Eiffel Tower at the Paris casino.Almost forgot -- has a security line that goes through your stuff and you have to walk thru a metal detector. When we got in line a weird lady on staff started asking my friends all kinds of questions about us -- but in a very rude way.
4	I guess I should disclose that I got to take the Tower tour (self-guided) for free as one of my friends is an employee at Stratosphere. I think the cost is around 12 or 14 bucks, you have to go through a metal detector/security check point before you're allowed up the elevators. You can also take a picture against a green screen and after your tour they will photo-shop you against a spectacular Vegas backdrop. For an additional cost of course. Still, I think it's something to "try" at least once. If you are not good with heights, this obviously is probably not something you want to try. The elevators go up and down incredibly fast so you'll definitely feel your ears pop a few times. There are a few shops and places to get food or drink up at the time, as well as an artist that can sketch a caricature of you if you pay them. The view is magnificent and goes 360 degrees around, lots of great photo ops.  There's even patio area where you can walk outside if you don't want to take pictures through windows. There are also a few rides that you can go on that look ridiculously frightening.
3	It was okay.. $ 13 a person just to get to the top and the rides cost extra. My wife would not let me do the rides. I wanted to do the one where you dangle off the building. She did not want to become a widow. The hotel itself was not all that nice. I have a co-worker who absolutely loves this place, the fascination is beyond me. It's on the far end of  the strip, like a 5 block walk to the Sahara. That's why the rooms are so cheap.
5	An absolutely amazing time once again! The Stratosphere Tower never ceases to amaze me and this time was no different. From the super quick elevator ride to the 108th floor to the amazing view, we enjoyed every single thing about the tower. They have a couple of new rides up top that I hadn't seen and sure enough, I'm still too chicken to try any of them! The bar upstairs served some very well prepared drinks and we even got coupons for a free drink with our tickets!I will definitely recommend checking out the tower and the view from 800+ ft above the strip. I know its a little out of the way compared to all the other attractions on the strip, but you will be glad you made the trip!
4	When in Vegas, it's another one of those things to do.  It's a steep $15 admission fee to ride an elevator 108 floors up to get a view of the strip at night or day.  You can also ride the 3 thrill rides but I guess I'm getting old because the thought of roller coasters is starting to make me queasy and buckle at the knees.  But admission also gets you a slice of pizza, a beer, or a soft drink or a pumpkin latte at Starbucks or a cocktail at the casino but the Stratosphere is one of those casinos you hang out at when you're well past 40 so we took the tour of the tower, got some amazing shots, checked out the gift shop, and were back down again.Security is a bit of a hassle here. It's just like any airport line but a little slower.  It took forever to get scanned and our elevator tour guide was nervous and kept forgetting about the tour highlights.  I think she just wanted to go home and get us off her elevator but we just wanted to get to the top, check out the view, and move on with our Vegas adventure.  The feeling was mutual.
3	It's fun I guess but I have never been much of a view person. The rides at the top make it worth the admission but I guess it is something that everyone should do once, though after that there isn't much to it.The line seems long with security and what not but it moves fairly quickly. It is the pretty standard metal detector swipe and what not. But the admission comes with some decent coupons for after so maybe that ups the value a bit?
4	One of the best views of the Strip and the mountains out there. The line to get up there was a little too long and if I hadn't really wanted to go up there I probably would've bagged it, but it was definitely worth it!
4	Still the best view in Vegas, although now once you're up top, The Strip is becoming obstructed by the new condo high rises on the north Strip.  Other than that, when its windy up there -- its like going on a ride itself!  Scary!  And talk about the three rides they have up there...never in a million years could someone get me on one of them.  So if you want to scream for your life, ride them...they are all yours!
4	The view is better than the one you get from the Eiffel Tower. Hands down. Do it right - SUNSET. + Thrill RidesPlus, the staff is very warm and helpful. We lost one of our tickets for our third ride and they were very accommodating.
4	If you want to see a beautiful view of the Strip and the surrounding desert sands, then I highly suggest you head over to the Stratosphere Tower. The view is amazing and plus you get to check out the crazy folks that decide to ride the amusement park rides such as Extreme or Insanity. We spent a good 30 minutes a top the tower and thoroughly enjoyed the view. The only bummer of the entire adventure: whomever took our picture as we entered didn't save it in the computer system, thus we didn't get a special tower picture :( oh well!Cheers!
3	This is a great place to go if you like to get really high.  High without drugs I mean.  The view is pretty good from here but not as good as the view from Paris since that is in the middle of the strip.  You have a view of a few casinos, golf courses and other misc. things I don't remember.  Compared to Paris there's more things going on up here than just a view.  There are some rides up there to get you even higher, places you can sit and a bigger area to walk around and view different parts of Vegas.  With my local discount it cost less than $10 for me, so I think that was pretty good.  The end.
5	Beautiul view of the strip and surrounding Vegas. Free for me since I stayed in the hotel. Wish I could have made it back up at night and tried out the bar (didn't seem appropriate at 10am although it was open then!).
4	Great panoramic view of the strip and the desert sands. Awesome for picture-takers! A must-see if you're in Vegas!
4	The view at the stratosphere tower is awesome!! My friends and I were staying at the hotel so we got to to go up to the tower for free :)! When I was up there, I saw the rides on the top outer observation deck but I stayed on the inner observation deck.  They also have a lounge on floor 107 which is nice, elegant, and is a great place to take in the view! [Happy Hour is 4-7PM ;)] Maybe next time I'll have the balls to actually go on the rides or do the skyjump.....We'll see!!
4	Sightseeing location #7: Stratosphere Tower Tour+: BEAUTIFUL all around view of Las Vegas, the strip, and the airport; scary drop rides and extreme jumping off the roof for those interested. -: located on the OPPOSITE end of the strip; my cousin insisted on doing the caricature on the top floor..only to have both of us drawn exactly the same..so save your money The observation deck outside says it all - MUST SEE! For only $16 admission, I feel like the above view gave me a better understanding of where I was/went to/want to go. I didn't quite care much about the casino, but the whole view is gorgeous for those interested! TIP: if you go at around 4pm, you can watch the sky turn gray and the change of the entire strip under bright lights.
4	Of note:  they have a security checkpoint with a metal detector setup to run people through before they ever get to go in the elevators, so word to to the wise and don't bring anything stupid with you.   Also, you have to be about 18 years of age to ride the elevator, or have someone with you of that age, otherwise you'll be turned away.I come several times to Las Vegas without coming to this attraction, so finally this time I made the visit and was pretty glad I did.   Definitely not a cheap ride up to the 108th floor, but as a one time experience, I feel it was worth it.   The view is quite spectacular and seeing it on the Travel Channel or elsewhere on TV doesn't begin to do it justice.  Plus, there's the extra thrill of feeling the observation level shake when the amusement rides above go rattling around that might make you think....that's a loooooooong way down!   There's several chairs and lounges to sit on and take in all that view and even if you don't ride any of the rides, you'd do yourself a disservice if you didn't just sit around for a while and enjoy that view.  You can also walk up the steps to the 109th floor and go for a look outside where it was as windy as heck for us.  And if you want to go for that quirky thrill, there's a restroom on the 109th floor where perhaps, after you use it, you can say you took a 109 floor story leak?There's a gift shop with beverages, snacks, and souvenirs available, an area with a sketch artist and a Stratosphere logo background if you want a picture taken in a different way.Seperate thought:  whoever lives with a mile or so of the Stratosphere:  how does it feel, knowing you've got eyes at all times of the day looking into your backyard and such?
4	Yes I liked this place.  Kind of weird to see people bungee jumping off the building when you look out the window but ok.  The food was great.  We went with a large group because we were on a business trip.  It also took a little getting used to the rotating restaurant thing but after a couple of drinks no one really noticed anymore.
4	Nice during the day, but I wouldn't walk back here at night!  First of all, it's too far down and not near anything if you are walking...BUT the food and drinks at the top in the restaurant that spins were really good!  I'd go back for that.
5	The best time to go up to the tower is at night! If you are not a guest at the  hotel you will have to pay 16 bucks to go up there. If you are a guest of the hotel you can go up there anytime throughout the day for free.Here is a video that I recorded on top of the tower in Xtreme HD showing off 3 rides and the view of Las Vegas.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJTOoI0EXc0&feature=channel_video_title
5	The rides on the top of the Stratosphere Tower are INSANE!  NOT FOR THE WEAK OF HEART!  BUT SO MUCH FUN!
5	I went to the the Paris Eiffel Tower experience second and was SORELY disappointed. Yes Paris is closer to everything, however you can see everything from up here!Also you are not cold (or hot depending when you go), enclosed with all the windows and climate controlled places. You are also able to buy drinks, sit down on couches and relax. There is also someone selling caricatures!Definitely worth the view up here.
4	We chose to go up in the Stratosphere Tower instead of the Eiffel tower model, and this was a good decision. It's a bit off the strip, but you could see everything from here. The windows had guides to help you identify what you were seeing, but these weren't always helpful. There is a bar and couches, so it was nice to just relax and take in the view. There is also a nice observation deck outside.We watched several people do the thrill rides, but were too chicken to do it ourselves!
1	this place sucks! the whole amusement part is great, but the hotel itself stinks!!!! my family asked for a large non smoking room with an indoor hot tub(i know, a lot to ask) and we got a cheap room. our room was smoking optional, two tiny little beds, and the "hot tub" was the BATHTUB!!!! we went to the venetian instead and it was over the top
2	There aren't two separate staff members working for the hotel that can provide guests with identical information. With regards to the events taking place upstairs on levels 107/108. I had asked the following questions to numerous staff members including the concierge, front desk, security guard, bartender by the pool and guests that have already been up to the top levels. I asked; what time does the top floor open? Is there a cover? Is there a dress code? Is there is there a club or only fine dinning? What time do they close? What nights are busiest? Do you need a reservation? Each staff member was just as inconsistent as the next. No one was on the same page. So, during my 2 week stay I said screw it and went up there on a Thursday, Friday and Saturday to find out for myself. After making it through the random airport screening section which is weird b/c the security guard doesn't really care too much about screening people. It's really more of a hassle then an actual deterrent... I went into the elevator and again it was mind blowing to me that even the elevator attendant didn't know what time the lounge closed. I'm not going to share with anyone the answers to the rest of my questions b/c I want you to feel just as pissed off as I was and not go there...I ate at the 107 lounge bar and asked the bartender what he recommends off the menu. He said "the Sirloin Beef Sliders are really good". So I ordered them up and when they arrived I thought wow those look great. After biting into one I was again disappointed. The buns were rock hard and turned a decently cooked piece of beef into a hockey puck style molar remover... It's not that hard to make sliders and for $15 bucks that should have come with a reach around. The entire dish was more about presentation then taste. After finishing a beverage and half of my 3 sliders at the lounge bar I asked the bartender how late the club stays open on level 108. He said 4am when immediately the other bartender working beside him said "no way dude 2am latest". So the argument ended when one of them picked up the phone to call upstairs to ask the bartender working 108. Her reply really settled it, 12am!   Can you at least agree on what night is best for going to the club? Whatever, ill go find out for myself...Ding! When the elevator arrives at the108 club, slash tourist attraction, slash shopping center. I was awe struck. I have to say the rides are amazing and the view is nothing short of breathtaking! But what the hell is going on with the crowds up there? I literally walked 20 feet and saw a woman with a baby in a stroller, a DJ spinning kid friendly lyrics, two drunks grinding each other at the bar and a wedding party that look to be lost at 187' in the air. What in the world are you marketing people doing to this place? Over the entire weekend there were never more then 30 people in the club section with the DJ. Why have a DJ and a bar if you're not going to maximize the opportunity to sell and make money? This is supposed to be the main attraction, the meat and potatoes of the hotel and it turns out that it's a jumbled mess of ideas all thrown together like a fluffernutter sandwich. What's with the gift shop next to the club? I bet it costs you more in labor to get the merchandise up there then is actually sold. I'm really confused with the whole direction the management has taken with 108. Not ever going back...Here is another real kicker... When I received the email asking me to complete the survey and respond to my experience I was told to be specific so I thought I would do them a favor and take 30mins out of my day to review them. I was willing to type out this entire post later to find out I couldn't submit it to them b/c they only accept 1024 characters in the survey. Really? A hotel that is obviously behind the times and becoming the next shit hole on the strip is going to not allow me to give them a thorough review? Tell ya what then. I'll post this all over the web and just submit to you the links of where you can find it. If I were the GM overseeing this property I would change everything...
4	Amazing view from up there, both at night and day.  I have been on top on the strat 3 times now and every time I'm really stunned. Still, every time I see the Vegas lights at night, I feel almost guilty of all this energy that we are all wasting.. I keep my lights off at night, and thats all I can do about it.
3	located in the ghetto part of vegas, but worth the long walk to get to the tower for the views from the top of the tower.
4	well the hotel itself isnt bad for the location but when you go all the way to the top your in for a treat its amazing .....the view is spectacular and the rides (although ive only done 1) are fun and scary all at the same time if you are here with family or friends its a place they wont forget =)
5	Scared of hights?! Then don't come on my page lol!!This is the best view by far from all the HIGH buildings i've been on This tower TOWERS over the Space Needle in Seattle, and is MORE than 1,000 Ft tall!! Want to go even HIGHER?! Than ride the BIG SHOT which is the very TIP of this structure a ride that shoots you into the air!!! and drops you! you shoot back up and dangle there on the seat the view! OH MYYYYYY this SPECTACULAR downright GORGEOUS VIEW!!! is the highlight of Vegas baby!! You have seen everything LITERALY when you come here! Boy....do I know my views or what!
4	$16 a person to ride up the elevator to the top of the Stratosphere. The view is nice. You can see all of the strip and downtown. You're pretty high up; it's an awesome rush! The nice thing is that you can see the view from INSIDE (safely surrounded by walls of glass and in the comfort of air conditioning), OR you can view it OUTSIDE (safely surrounded by fence/gates and in the comfort of LV air conditioning)... either way I think it's a gorgeous view (I went at night).I'm kinda scared of heights but not enough that I won't check something out. I REALLY wanted to ride the Big Shot and Insanity but I had no one to ride it with me... every one else chickened out. BOO! X Scream... well... I just have a weird feelling that the damn cart won't stop and I'll fall over so um, thanks but no thanks.SO... next time I'm in Vegas... if anyone wants to ride the Big Shot and/or Insanity with me... hollaaaaa!!!
2	ok....not much thrill if you just take the tower tour honestly....better to go with the tower tour with 1,2 or 3 rides because we went up there and there isn't anything to do...just a cool view and some pictures and there goes $16 bucks...=/ if you buy the packages with the rides it's like a few dollars more but hey at least you get the rides..they have three rides - big shot - $12, X-scream- $13 and Insanity - $13 and they also have sky jump...which is pretty much bungee jumping off the tower. We didn't do any of those because I was too big of a chicken...but hey in my younger years I would have...but I realize as you grow older you're more afraid of doing certain stuff...=/ So we just rode the elevator up to 108 floors...looked around for a few minutes..watched some crazy kids jump off and then went up to the 109th floor where the observation deck is and took a few pictures watch some crazy ppl ride the rides and went back down in 30 seconds...and bam there goes $16 dollars...goes faster than playing blackjack..lol so I've been to the one in Macau....the mini "vegas" in Macau has a replica of the Stratosphere tower but I have to say their's is much better just because of one little detail....they have glass floors which you can view the bottom from the top of the tower...which i thought was pretty cool...but other than that it's pretty much the same with the sky jump and rides. So the view is nice but eh is really a one time thing....so if you've been up there, you'll know it's not much for $16 dollars.
4	Very nice views of the strip. Kind of expensive $16 a person but well worth it. I was to chicken to ride any rides that high in the air. If you bundle the trip up with a ride it is a little better in value. The tower swayed back and fourth at the top which is kinda freaky, especially for me who is scared of heights. If was fun to have a drink and watch crazy people bungie jump off the side of the tower. from the top to the bottom at $100 dollars a pop. I went up there at night and had a good time with my wife. This is a must do attraction in vegas at least once.
4	I have been to the Stratosphere Tower observation deck itself twice (both during the daytime) and the views of the Vegas strip and beyond are nothing but fantastic. The only thing I wish is that their prices weren't so expensive ($16 adult admission, additional $12-15 if you go on any of their other rides at the top).There is both an outdoor and indoor observation deck when you reach the top via elevator (you're going up 108 floors). Clearly, I must think people who go on the Stratosphere tower rides are absolutely out of their mind because of the fact you are literally hanging over the edge at times. But hey, that's just me; I could not see myself going on such kinds of rides even if I had the money and guts to do so.
4	Amazing view!!! I'm not sure that I would have paid to come up here, but considering I stayed at this hotel it was free (yay perks!). It's definitely worth it if its your first time in vegas and you want some amazing photos of the area. I do want to go back and try out some of the rides, although I may be to chicken. Good thing theres a bar inside!
4	What a beautiful view of Vegas! Free admission if you are staying at the hotel. I dont know if its worth paying $17 per person but if your a guest its a must! They have some great (SCARY) rides which you have front row seats to watch from the observation deck.
4	If you are expecting something you would see from the Empire State Building, this will be a disappointment.  Yes I have seen much better night scenery and this was only as half cool as the view from the Empire but I still enjoyed it.  It is $18 just to go up to the observation.  $10 if you are in the group of 20 or more and military is $12.   I was able to get all my friends under my military id.  If you wanna do the ride its 23 for one.  When we got there, there was only one ride open and we decided not to do it.  Don't use the binoculars they have.  Most of them were broken and my friend kept putting quarters for nothing lol  The price is a little too high for the scenery and cheaper price for everyone  would have been nice.
3	Too far from the strip :/
3	Been to the Stratosphere a ton of times about 10 years ago, but never been to the top.  Attempted a couple of months ago, but the lines were intimidating.  This week finally decided to suck it up and do it. Let's start with the ticketing process.  Yes, you have to buy tickets.  Don't forget your local discount and yes, I forgot mine.  You can get tickets at the counter or through a kiosk. I made the mistake to think that the kiosk would be faster.  Obviously wasn't.  I was in line behind a bunch of people that either couldn't read, didn't understand the touch screen, or were undecided what to buy (i.e. which rides, the tower only, etc).  The group in front of me bought 12 tickets and paid by one dollar bills.  Seriously, over a couple of hundred dollars in tickets and they paid by one dollar bills.  This took forever. I bet I know why they had so many Washingtons.  People even clapped when they were finally done.Got my tickets with the quickness.  Simple, just clicked what I wanted and paid.  Then you go in line, which actually is faster than it looks.  Go through a metal detector, then get your picture taken in front of a green screen.  Elevator to the top took no time. Now, I'm finally at the top and you get a 360 view of the valley.  You can also watch while people get their thrills on the amusement rides.  I really wanted to see someone on the sky jump but no one was doing it.  There's a bar up top, but was not allowed since I was with my little one.  My overall thoughts...have to try at least once, especially since this is the highest point in Las Vegas.  But pricey in my opinion and definitely a tourist trap.
5	I've been to the Stratosphere Tower several times since it opened back in the 90's and it's just the same thing over and over and the lines can get pretty long. The observation deck is a must see if you haven't been there, it has 360 views of La's Vegas and you can give your visitors a quick tour of La's Vegas without driving around all day! LILThey do have some rides on the top of the Tower but don't look too thrilling and the sky jump is lame since you're attached to a bungee cord when jumping off the Stratosphere Tower. This Tower has become a staple of the Vegas skyline and tourist attraction but the observation deck is worth looking and it can get pretty cold and windy. .
3	This place is crazy. The top of the stratosphere is something you have to do or go to while in Las Vegas.I have been on 4 of the 5 attractions that are currently there. The new one which is basically like a bungee jump is too much for me.The only negative is paying $18 to go to the top, it seems a little over priced. Perhaps $10-12? That would be something that I would go to more regularly.
5	This is one of the best vista points around. It is THE BEST vista point for lost wages IMHO. So what if it is 16 or 18 bucks to go up top if you are not staying at stratosphere... No where else can view everything happening so easily and take it all in. You can see the North Las Vegas Race Track... Lake mead in the distance... The air traffic buzzing into and out of the airport like bees to a hive... or the Strip. The times I have been to the top of the Stratosphere, I have wanted to, but didnt take a trip on the rides (someday I will). There are three; one a roller coaster, one a bouncer, and I cant remember what the third is... but all seem like fun when you are over 1000 feet up.PRO TIP: If you are staying at Stratosphere, you get a free trip up to the top of the tower!There is also a restaurant up at the top which I want to try someday. I bet it is a romantic view kind of place even if it is not romantic in nature. I also happen to love the view of the mountains and how the sun glints off of them here n there, let alone how they change hue depending on the sunlight as well. So if you couldnt tell, this is one of my favorite places/activities to go to while in Vegas.
2	Rides are okay. They are cheap too. Unlimited rides for 34$. But they not exactly thrilling. Also expect waiting times of about 40 minutes or more per ride.Brilliant view at night though.
4	Been to Vegas a bunch of times and never did the Strat tour.  It is definitely worth it (with a coupon of course).  Awesome views from an amazing structure.  You can see for miles and miles in every direction.  We were up there as the sun was going down and it was terrific.You can also hang out and watch the rides.  Great place to people watch and chill.  Only warning would be the general area.  The parking deck is seedy as all get out.
3	I think this has a great view of the Las Vegas skyline at night, but I think it's a bit pricey ($18 per person) for just getting up the tower.
4	Took a cab down to the Stratosphere since it's too far to walk. Had purchased some TravelZoo deal for discounted tickets to the top of the tower. It's a little over priced, but it's cool to see all of Vegas from the 107th floor. There is a bar up top and you can stay up there as long as you want. I recommend going around sunset, as it's a 360 degree view. You can also see the crazy people doing the rides up top or jumping down to the bottom!
3	This place is pretty cool, obviously come at night so you can see the rest of Vegas with its lights on, otherwise I don't think it would be interesting at all. The tour is quick and not all that much to do. I would say you can look at all of this in 20 minutes or less. There is a bungee jump thing you can do here but nobody from our group wanted to do it.
4	Definitely come here in the night to see the lights. The views were amazing. $18 is a little steep, but you'll definitely enjoy the nighttime views, as it wasn't very crowded.
4	One of the highest points of Vegas, this is one of those things you have to do when you want to look down on a city from a building (Empire State, CN Tower, Eiffel Tower, etc). It's really awesome for the sole fact that when you're really high up there, you finally see the strip itself, and real Vegas surrounding it. FYI, the gate check guy is incredibly friendly. INCREDIBLY friendly. Scary.
1	The worst customer service I have ever seen in Starbucks. I said "oatmeal" at least three times and never got oatmeal. Amazing they do anything right here. You're better off going to McD's one level up.
4	Nice view, pretty okay food and drinks. If you are not staying at the Stratosphere, It does cost a bit just to get up there.The rides are for the true thrill seeker, though not as hardcore as the big theme parks, they get your heart pumping.
4	This is a MUST SEE when in town. This is an amazing view but if you are afraid of heights even a little you will have a heart attack and die just stepping foot in the tower. It's really high and shakes a lot. $18 is a little expensive but worth it because there isn't much to do on the strip if you don't want to drink and gamble all day and night.
5	My, oh, my: over 1000 feet up in the sky!With a view that far up, suffice to say you get an excellent vista of Vegas and the surrounding area. The observation deck can get incredibly windy, and it was a little hard (and scary) to walk around it as the gusts of wind nearly blew me over but it was all worth it for the pics I was able to take.
5	jump off!!!
3	Had fun but a little overpriced. the kids enjoyed the view and they were impressed with the rides.
5	What an awesome experience. All three rides are great, Ex-scream get best 1st time thrill and big shot is best to ride again and again. Multi-pass : ride morning then come back at night!
3	Tallest building on the Strip and a pretty killer view. The 360 degree view of the strip and downtown was beautiful, but with my fear of heights, was terrifying to say the least. When we went, it wasn't too crowded. We got to enjoy the observation deck as well as watch the rides from outside. I was in awe of everyone going on the rides; I definitely would not be able to make it on any of those. If you're staying at the hotel, you can get up there for free. We booked a hotel on Hotwire and paid around $86 for one night (would have been $56 if we didn't do late checkout) and 3 of us got to go up for free ($54 value). I personally don't think I'd ever pay $18 just to go up and not go on any rides. If I ever overcome my fear of heights, I'll run back to the Stratosphere, where they will hopefully accept me with open arms. In the meanwhile, it's one of those, "you've seen it once, you've seen it all" places.
5	Great views, and free for locals during January.  That is 5 Stars, even if the hotel beneath is severely lacking.
4	Great views, best of the city.  Bar at top was good planning with good 4$ margaritas.  Pricey to go up, but unbelievable views and fun watching the rides.  Go at night for the most impact.
3	This past weekend was only my second time visiting the top of the Stratosphere, Observation Deck, Tower Tour, or more specifically, levels 108 and 109. Since Teresa S. and I haven't been in a while, we decided to take advantage of their locals offer of complimentary passes.The ticket desk is pretty simple to locate from the parking garage. You simply follow the flow of the casino plus signs and you'll find yourself at the ticketing area (on the right) opposite Roxy's Diner. Admission for adults is normally $18 and $12 for Nevada residents. Once you have your tickets, you are directed to the escalators immediately behind you. This next level is home to their resident acts like Claire Sinclair. More signs will direct you to the elevators that will take you up the tall tower with enthusiastic employees that share fun facts about the hotel and their fast, unique elevators.Level 108 is the indoor observation deck, surrounded by floor-to-ceiling glass. There's also a bar (Air Bar, Vegas' highest bar), eatery, and gift shop. It's a wonderful view of the valley, but not so much for the Las Vegas Strip since Stratosphere is so far north and you can't see all the pretty hotels (Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, etc).Level 109 is the outdoor observation deck where you can view participants on two of Stratosphere's thrill rides and also nearly 360 degrees of the valley. It was nice being outside, but I thought the views from the indoor observation area were nicer. It's a nice vantage point, but the view is just okay. I thought the best view was facing Downtown Las Vegas, but it's nothing spectacular either. If that observation deck was located in the middle of the Strip, like on Tropicana or Flamingo, or even next to Mandalay Bay/Four Seasons, it would be astronomically better (um, the view from Mandalay Bay's Foundation Room - GORGEOUS). So, I can't say I would recommend this activity, however, if you are a thrill seeker, which I am not, definitely check out the tower attractions available.
3	Friends are in town and of course they would like to go to the top of the Stratosphere.   Luckily this month was a deal for locals.   With your ID, it is free admission otherwise you still have to pay to go up - even if you aren't riding any rides.  The great customer service lady gave them all free admission with my ID to ride to the top and also all 3 rides for $25!  That certainly beats paying $15 for each one.   I thought that was very generous.Their rides, in my opinion, are just eh.  But that may be because I grew up near Cedar Pointe and nothing can compare to the coasters and rides in that park.  I will say it is different being high above and then riding the rides with the view.  Yes the rides are safe and sturdy.  So you don't have to worry about carnival ride construction.  What bothers me is after each ride they try to sell you the pictures they took. Then also they try to sell you another picture when you leave that they took before you go up to the elevators.  Yes I understand that it is a business but it felt way too much.  Then to exit you must walk through their 'mall' area which seemed like more of a sales push.  So it's ok for me to visit when out-of-towners want to go.  I'm not going to rush back on my own.
4	It was kinda pricey to go up but hey it's Vegas right! Overall the view was amazing... It's a lot different looking down on the city. Also for an extra five bucks you can get an all day pass. Loved the scenic view it's definitely a must see!
4	Great view but once is enough. The ride that spins was crazy because there's nothing below your feet but air and if you're gonna ride that thing(forgot the ride names) where it shoots you down suddenly, be sure to ride at the front otherwise not very scary.
4	The view is great! Definitely worth going up to see. They have a gift shop and a small bar area. There was also a sketch artist up there. You can walk out and really take in the view rather than only seeing it from behind the windows. The elevator personnel are great gentlemen, very helpful and polite.
3	The stratosphere is a great tourist attraction. And if you are up for a gut dropping experience then you should definitely check out their rides! Of course I stayed within the building because I am too chicken to go on a ride that is 1,148 ft. in the air, NO THANKS! But I give everyone who has jumped off and rode every single ride props.I would suggest coming during the night because you can really see all of Vegas better. The night life is beautiful especially seeing most of it when you are high up. Other than that they have a mini gift shop, photo booth, and bar. You can even go outside to the balcony and take some pictures.
3	Come here at night, breathtaking views of the Las Vegas strip at night, downsize is the location where they built this place, could have clean it up just a little if you know what I mean.
4	We stayed in the hotel, therefore the price of admission for the Tower was included for us. Thus, we went up three times and tried the bigshot. Anyone who dares should not miss this attraction. At its best it is at night. Seemingly you are hanging in mid-air, because you can no more see the tower below you. Although it costs $ 15, it is definitely worth it. A night visit to the tower is also recommendable because you can enjoy a great view of the lights of this fascinating city from more than a hundert stories above.
4	If you're over 21, don't pay to go to the top of the stratosphere! Tell the attendants that you're going up to the Level 107 Lounge and get a free ride up to the top of the tower. No need to even order anything, you can get off at the lounge then make your way up to the top.
5	Really great view of Vegas, but those two rides they have, not for me. People seemed pretty thrilled, but I enjoyed the view. They also have a cool bar up top, but yeah, no rides for me.
3	Didn't do any of the rides, mostly because I was running low on time and wearing a suit, but this review covers the tower and the observation deck itself.It basically boils down to this:Are you a guest of the hotel? Yes? Then definitely come on up, because it's free. Going to Lounge 107? Get your free pass and come on up. Going on rides? Get the deal that includes all of the tickets and come on up.Are you just coming up for the views but aren't a guest of the hotel? Forget it and go somewhere else, your twenty dollars are better spent elsewhere. Nothing against the tower. The views are wonderful, both night and day, but the price is simply too much if you are just getting a good view. There honestly isn't a whole lot to look at besides skyscrapers, desert landscape and mountains. However, I did find it a great spot to do research for the day when trying to find events going on, since there are plenty of tables and chairs to sit on. Otherwise, your twenty dollars can take you much further somewhere else.
5	The view is superior. If you don't like elevators don't go up.. They shake almost the entire way. I'd recommend you go at night if you're not a hotel guest and must pay. Otherwise go at night and day!
5	I have become a huge sucker for amazing views and vista points, so this place to me was pure awesomeness. I came here at dusk / night so it was especially pretty & colorful ... and I would recommend coming at this kind of time, but I suppose you can also come during sunrise. I would say that you would probably see the least impressive view during the day ... but that's just me.This place has amazing photographic opportunities except there are many safety features generally preventing you from getting a very clear shot of anything without a pole, a line, a string or something in the way. They have a variety of "thrill" rides that I didn't care too much for but you may like. The elevator ride is underwhelming, and the exceedingly long walk from the bottom of the stratosphere to just the entrance to the tower is also suboptimal ... but it's totally worth the hike up for this amazing view down the strip.
4	So I was skeptical. The Stratosphere is an older hotel, and is slightly removed from the strip. You have to wind through the hotel to get to the Tower, and as you walk you realize just how old, (and slightly creepy), the Stratosphere is.You have to pay $20 bucks just to go up to the tower. Which wasn't rad. Once you get to the top however, it becomes very rad! The views are great. Sure, I was a bit dizzy when I first got there, but after a crown and coke i was feeling fine. Two levels, one interior, one exterior. I know its a bit expensive, but checking out the views, conversing with friends, it all made for pretty chill, start-to-the-day experience.I won some money downstairs too, which helped, lol.
4	The Stratosphere Tower Tour is a must see when visiting Las Vegas. This iconic tower boasts some of the best views of the strip and beyond. I would recommend visiting at night for a spectacular big and bright view of all the lights that make Vegas famous. Prior to boarding the elevator, you pose for photos where they impose different items into the photo (like a bag of money). The wait for the elevator takes FOREVER but once you are up, you can take your time looking around. There are a couple of rides you can do if you are a daredevil, of which I am not. In fact, I was kind of hugging the walls because it was so high up. They have a little bar up in the tower that had some cozy little corners to snuggle in as well as a gift shop. I would recommend taking the monorail to the Stratosphere as it's pretty far north of the strip.
