5	Outstanding taco's and tequila here!  They have over 100 brands of tequila and some of the best taco's I've had in a long long time.  I kind of expected it to be good, but not amazing, but I was wrong.  The food was way better than I expected.  I tried 3 different taco's from the 13 they offered, and all 3 were incredibly good.  The free chips and salsa were very good.  They had 2 different salsa's as well, the red was very good, but the green salsa was just incredible.  The bartender said the red just recently won a "Best Salsa in Phoenix" award from someone, but I was way more impressed with the green salsa (which I almost didnt try, as just by looking at it, you wouldnt think it would be good).  Pretty friendly environment inside and great staff.  I went for lunch, but it seems like it would get pretty busy for the bar crowd after dinner on the weekends, especially being right next to Patty's 1st Avenue Lounge.  Definitely a cool hangout, and a little nicer on the inside than I expected at least in terms of the tables, but then the booths and the bar seemed like more chill areas and more casual for sure.  I hope this place makes it and stays a long time.  They could use another TV or two in the bar area (at least downstairs), but thats hardly a complaint.  I was very impressed overall.  Definitely worth your time to go check out.
4	I just tried this place for lunch today and it was fantastic.  The guacamole was so fresh and chunky, the tostadas were crisp, the tacos were super flavorful, and the service was great.  I can't wait to go back at night when I can try one of the margaritas with their huge selection of tequila (seriously, it, like, takes up the whole back page of their menu).
5	I checked Cien Agaves out with a coworker last night and we LOVED IT. First things first: everything tastes very fresh. The salsas and chips were great, and we tried the cucumber margarita, prickly pear margarita, and the habanero marg, and they were all good, made with the veg/fruit/pepper FRESH.We just had nachos but they were plentiful and mighty tasty. Big fat slices of jalapenos on top and visually appealing. The ambience isn't uniform in places (mixing early 90's modern furniture with homestyle Mexican decor and art), but it's just subtle enough to not be incredibly annoying. The male staff were very cool and relaxed, but the females were a little bit "in the way"... eavesdropping, it seems. We were one of 2 couples in the bar, though...Regardless, this place deserves 5 stars. It's a very delicious, very easy Mexican choice in downtown Scottsdale.
4	This place is new, but wonderful...The location has changed hands several times over the years. I think this will stick -- the food is prefect and reasonably priced (amazing tacos and enchiladas). Great specials on beer and tequila. Plus, the upstairs bar area is really neat (on weekends). This is a huge step up from Dos Gringos! Not a real busy place, but a classy joint for tacos, beer and tequila. I eat here at least once a week -- it is also close to a 1/2 dozen of Scottsdale's best bars.
5	Great tacos, super selection of tequila and good service.
4	Cien Agaves is a great addition to downtown Scottsdale -- and it provides a fun, relaxed atmosphere into the mix of places that either seem to be a) dive-y and dumpy or b) snotty and superficial. Cien Agaves has a cool, open building and has some neat art hanging on the walls.The margaritas I had here were head and shoulders above the ones I've had at nearly every other Valley establishment (especially at places like Dos Gringos or Salty Senorita). I came here after work with friends and we ordered a house margarita for $4 (happy hour special). It had a lot of ice in it, but tasted really fresh and packed a punch.Then I tried one of their more expensive prickly pear margaritas -- yum! Delicious, without being cloyingly sweet.We didn't get any food, but the chips were great and the two salsas included a pico de gallo and a really amazing green salsa that included tomatillos and, I think, cumin. Great!The only downside was the service. Our waiter was really nice, but the poor guy seemed completely overworked -- I think they only had one waiter for the entire restaurant and patio. If they hired another one or two servers, the experience would be more enjoyable AND they'd probably move a lot more margaritas! But I definitely plan on coming back here and seeing if maybe that aspect was just an off-night for them.Try the patio if you can -- it's lovely and it gets you away from the rather loud music that could be playing inside.
5	We stumbled upon this place as we were looking for someplace to sit outside.  Being from NE, it seemed all the places in Scottsdale had on the heat--it was 70 degrees and too hot for heat for a NE girl.  We planned on just having a drink but were surprised by the incredible selection of tacos.  We started with the ceviche appetizer which was good.   Chips and salsa was also good, with two salsa selections.  We then had the cheese dip appetizer, which was awesome.  It was definately "real" cheese as opposed to some of the other "cheese"dips I have had where they are 1% cheese and 99% something else like cheese food.The taco selection included lobster, shrimp, chicken, pork, salmon.  Quite impressive.  They were all great.  I'm no longer a tequila drinker but their selection is quite impressive and they make their margaritas all fresh with freshly squeezed lime juice.  I did take a sip of one, it was definately a winner!
2	My Husband and I were here a couple of weeks ago.  It was 8:00pm on a Friday night and the place was pretty empty, maybe two or three tables were occupied.  We were there with another couple and ordered several margaritas, their combination platter and a side of guajillo mashed potatoes.  We ordered several different tacos, but the ones I was interested were the Camarones a la Diabla and the Fresh Lobster tacos.  The shrimp was WAY too spicy to enjoy.  I like a lot of heat in my food, but not when it overwhelms everything else.  On the other hand, the lobster and jimaca was bland and lackluster.I would have to say their selection of tequilas are nice.  I had their Cucumber Margarita and it was very cool and refreshing.We may come back if I get a hankering for margaritas, if nothing else.  Also, I thought we would be in for an inexpensive night, but I guess with the combo platter, four margaritas and a couple of beers, it came out to be just over $80 a couple.
3	First time today and maybe my last.  While I wouldn't say I would NEVER eat here again, I could live without it.  That says a lot considering I'm a Mexican food fanatic.House margarita was pretty good, but  overpriced ($7) considering the glass was filled to the rim with ice, resulting in a rather small drink.  Both salsas were tasty (red tomato-based and green tomatillo), both spicy but the heat was not overpowering.  I love the ala carte idea for the taco menu as there are many to try, but found the food to be less than impressive.  I had a chicken taco (pollo asado) and beef (carne asada).  The chicken was bland and at room temperature.  The beef was a little more flavorful, but still only mildly warm.  My husband tried the lobster and fish tacos.  Both were overcooked and he complained there was not enough fish and too much cabbage.  He also ordered grilled street corn, but they apparently forgot to grill it.Cien Agaves definitely has a fun atmosphere, cool decor, and a great idea with focusing on tequila and tacos, but the experience is lost with average food at best.  Reserve this place for happy hour, but look elsewhere for a good meal.
4	Go on Tuesdays!  They have $1 tacos... just be sure to have them clarify which ones; not all of them are a $1.  I have been here twice so far and the service the first time was attentive... the second time my waitress seemed a little spacey but got the job done:).  Today I decided to try their house made guacamole which was very tasty and their chips and salsas are not to be missed.  So far I have only tried their shredded beef taco and the chorizo and potato taco... they both were really good.  I have not had a chance to try a margarita yet because I have only been during work... but a see a happy hour in my future and Cien Agave:).
2	been here twice and probably won't go back, unless i only have margaritas. the food was great the first time and very sub-par the second, especially for the price of the tacos. the pork ones were especially gross; extremely greasy and fatty and tasteless (i know pork is fatty, but it shouldn't be hard to chew). our service was good the first go round, as we sat at the bar and learned a lot from the bartender about their tequilas. the second time, service was no good. very slow and our waters went empty for entire meal, even after we asked for more. they do have great guac and chips and their margaritas are fantastic, and they should be for what you pay. but if you are looking for great tacos, skip this place. you'll be underwhelmed.
3	This will be a quickie. I stopped in last night with a friend to see if this place was any good and worth checking out again. We had already eaten, so we just had chips and salsa and a margarita. I plan on returning to sample the menu, but until then I'm giving this a pass fail sort of review.It passed.Service was good and the place is nice inside. The chips and salsa were okay. I wasn't blown away by the salsa, but I enjoyed it. That's more than I can say for most places. The house margarita was merely okay as well. Nothing special. It was served in a stupid shaped glass which was annoying, but I drank it and can't complain.I'll return sometime soon for a full meal, but I'm not going to bank on this place topping my list of great Mexican food. The search continues.
2	Here in San Francisco we have a place called Tres Agaves (http://www.yelp.com/biz/tres-agaves-san-francisco#hrid:YpvCLegLph2ny8uY24tH-Q), and it's pretty good.  One would think that Cien Agaves would be 33 1/3 times better, but sadly, it was not the case.Walking down First Avenue, we saw Cien Agaves and decided to try it.  We asked for a table on the patio, and they gladly accommodated our request.  We were lucky to get a table on the actual patio, not in the driveway next to it.  The driveway was home to 6-8 tables and a few heating lamps.  We sat down and enjoyed the potpourri of smell sensations: fresh spring Arizona air, grilled onions and second-hand smoke.  The couple next to us sure did enjoy those Marlboro lights.Our server was quick, efficient and friendly.  She managed to keep up with our indecisive party of six, while refilling our drinks, waters and chips and salsa.The food here, however, just wasn't very good.  I ordered a steak fajita, which may have been a mistake.  The giant skillet had a lot of onions and bell peppers on it, but not too much in the steak department.  It may have been a blessing in disguise, because the few morsels of steak I did find were not particularly tasty.  They were overcooked, rough and flavorless.  I did like the atmosphere and the service here, but the food wasn't even of Chevy's quality.  It's definitely more of a place to get a drink with your friends and maybe have a taco or two (or ten - the whole taco combination platter).  2.5 stars.
4	Two words: TACO TUESDAY!Tecate beer - $2.00Beef Taco - $1.00ALL DAYThis place was packed.  Live music started at about 9pm.  I have to be honest...I only had the beef tacos (they were a dollar each!) and a beer...I did sample my friends Margs and they are delicious...each one handmade, no mixes!  And there is a pomegranate tequila you must try.You have to go on Tuesday night!
4	Glad to say this place is still going strong a little over a year after my first visit/review. Wanna try it? Then visit on a Tuesday night for $1 tacos and $2 cervezas! They have amazingly good Tacos and Salsa, and an excellent Tequila bar. Do try the grilled corn on the cob.Excellent place to hang all night with friends - great drinks, great food, great prices.
3	Katrina L and I dined at the very same table and her dead-on coverage of Cien Agaves' strengths (recessionista-friendly) and weaknesses (atmosphere, "margs") has tempted me to chime in. The vibe here is pretty blah. If they invested a little in some art/curtains/less bright lights, I think this place could be considered a fun date place, as opposed to a destination for a grande groups.Maybe my time back on the East Coast has made me desperate for any kind of edible Mexican, but I did enjoy the food. The queso was a huge hit (turns out chorizo in melted cheese can change lives) and the dos tacos especial (2 tacos- you can mix and match any from the menu + rice + beans = $8.95) made the menu muy caliente to me.
3	My lovely daughter Whitney wanted to take me to the movies today.It was delightful to get a chance to put on my Tuesday best and head out into the mean streets of Old Town Scottsdale for lunch and a matinee!It was Taco Tuesday so my thoughts naturally turned to Cien Agaves Tacos and Tequila.The name, Cien Agaves means "one hundred, green, spiny plants" but I suspect there is more to the name than that...they also sell tequila...lots and lots of tequila. In fact, they sell more the one hundred kinds of tequila...a wide selection of various types and quality of tequilas that range all the way from the stuff they siphon out of the gas tank of a 1978 Toyota pick-up truck in Nogales to tequila that was, evidently, made from platinum plated agaves (at least if the price of a shot is to be believed).They even have a "tequila club"...nice! I used to belong to a "tequila club" when I was young and bulletproof...I would drink "tequila" (or agaves, as they call it here) until they (whoever "they" are) needed a club to get me back under control...I could literally fly under the influence of crazy juice:)I decided not rejoin Cien Agaves tequila club...you should all be thanking your lucky stars:)I hadn't been to Cien Agaves for quite a while and I am glad my sweet daughter took me there for lunch today (a euphemism...dear old dad bought, but I like to think of that as my privilege:)No tequila today...no, it was taco Tuesday! $1.00 shredded beef tacos and $2.00 Tecate cerveza's all day long! That's what we were there to try!So we stocked up on $1.00 tacos for lunch, right? Of course not, don't be silly...dad was buying:)We had exactly 1 shredded beef taco (which was tasty, BTW). We had lobster tacos...(ok, but pretty salty...and if I think it was salty... baby, it was salty) we had veggie tacos, we had rice and beans. Most everything was OK to tasty and sent us off to the movies in fine style. The service was prompt and friendly, even though Cien Agaves was absolutely jam-packed during the lunch hour. I had no idea so many people wanted a full rack of $1.00 tacos!Next time, I am going to see if I can eat $5.00 worth of Taco Tuesday tacos...I could do it when I was in the tequila club:)
5	This place is definitely 5 Star's.  Traditional Mexican food with your average atmosphere seems to be the standard here in the valley.  Cien Agaves goes above and beyond and really doesn't even compare.  Their taco's are amazing!  Except for a few apps, I haven't even tried anything else that's how good their tacos are!!  Their fresh squeezed lime Margarita's are mouth watering.  Atmosphere and Service were both top of the line.Trust me... I'm a native of AZ and have been to many Mexican Food Restaurants... GO TO CIEN AGAVES!!!  You wont regret it!
5	Looking for amazing flavor, this is the place. Great food amazing prices and large portions. Their pico is amazing. Great place to eat! Really good salsa also. Try it. You will Like it.
4	Yeah, I made it for Taco Tuesday!!! Wow, $1 beef taco's, my girlfriend and I put down 7 tacos with an appetizer. This place was great, very busy and a little loud, but we didn't have to yell at each other to have a conversation. The only bad part is our waitress was a little slow in getting us refill's and we asked for more salsa and didn't get it, but will definately be back for $1 beef taco's.
4	I was taken here while visiting from Chicago and had one of the best margaritas of my life.  I tried the house (on ice with salt) and it was fantastic, but what I couldn't get enough of was the strawberry-lime one.  I couldn't taste a drop of alcohol...and that's when you know you have a good mixed drink on your hands. I honestly could have had three more it was so tasty, but my childlike tolerance for boozin did not allow it.  The bartender was super nice and friendly, we had many refills of the chips and salsa (damn you, I can never resist), and it was all in a southwestern chill environment.  Supposedly the tacos are top-notch, I will have to give them a whirl next time I'm in town.  I highly suggest going here for a happy hour or dinner.
3	I had a lunch with some friends over $1 tacos.  The scenery, the tacos, the grease...all good.  $1 fried tacos were well worth every penny.  Crispy fried tacos.  Not an every day indulgence but tasty nonetheless.The place has a bit of a funky atmosphere, the service was very good.  I would return for Tuesday $1 Tacos.I am betting Cien Agaves is pretty busy on Friday & Saturday nights.Did I mention the $1 tacos were fried?  Very filling.  That was the first time I've had fried tacos.  And I thought tacos were nearly a perfect food.
3	This place is a great place to hit up before going to the clubs. Tacos aren't particularly super awesome but they are tasty treats without breaking the bank. They have many variety of the tasy tacos, ex; al pastor & carne asada. To pair up the taco treats. You can enjoy the many varietys of margaritas with their 100 different varieties of tequilas.
2	We had the absolute most horrific queso fundido of our lives here.    Oily, greasy, paste... yuck.However, some of the tacos were redeeming.    My chicken was super spicy, my carnitas was too mild - but together they worked well.My husband didn't particularly care for his lobster (skimpy, more breading than lobster) and thought his pork (not carnitas) was dry.I really wish we tried harder to find a better place.    A few days later we did - heaven lies just down the street at Frank and Lupes.We visited on a Sunday or Monday in September for dinner and were the only patrons.    The economy sucks man!
4	One of the only places in town where you can get a Tinga Taco.  I love this little spot.  They have a wide variety of tequilas and also my favorite a pomegranate infused tequila.  So good.  If your looking for a place to go chill have some great food and drinks this is where to go.
3	This place is saved by the salsas for the chips. Again lame tacos in the traditional non-mexican style. Nice patio to sit and relax, but they should train better their waitress.
4	First stop for the bachelorette party!  We made reservations, but they weren't needed since the place was pretty dead at 8pm.  Our group of 7 started off with margaritas, and I always love when they aren't full of sweet and sour mix.  When we wanted a round of tequila shots, the waitress recommended one no one had heard of and it was gooood stuff!  Even the tequila shot virgin enjoyed it!  I'm not sure what everyone else thought, but my bean and cheese burrito was good - complete with my favorite black beans!  Service was great for our large group, and even though I wanted a refill on the chips and salsa I certainly didn't NEED one so I can't complain.  Next time, I definitely want to do a tequila flight!
4	My favorite Mexican place in town. Great food & house margaritas for a great price. You can't beat their margarita happy hour and their taco night. Try the Carne Asada Taco w/ guacamole and the Taco El Pastor (marinated pork w/ pineapple). Guacamole is delicious! If you are in the mood for an extra treat, try the pomegranite infused tequilla.
3	Granted, they did take our reservation for 20 just several hours before we were to arrive.....and we did bring in a group of 20 to have dinner and drinks.  Still, the service and food left a lot to be desired.  The two waitress (for our large group) lacked personalities.  The food took foreverrrr......which would seem like a good time to sell some margaritas, but we had to ask for seconds.  Then the food came out, and my rice was cold.  Still, my black bean burrito was good and they kept the chips and salsa flowing and split the checks nicely.   Next time, I'll come with a smaller group.
4	I love this place for HH but for dinner on the weekends it can be a pain to find parking... pretty typical mexican with good margaritas... no need for me to reinvent the wheel since i feel the same as most of the other reviewers
4	Two words. Taco Tuesdays. Big night for the carnivores. And even though I'm now a vegetarian, I can still appreciate the beauty (from afar) of a $1 shredded beef taco. And did I mention the $2 Tecates and Dos Equis and $4 house margaritas all night? If your regular happy hour spot is packed, I'd recommend visiting Cien Agaves. And apparently, each night is devoted to a different taco, with specials all week long. With an entire page of delicious taco options (including some yummy veggie-friendly options), this is your one-stop taco shop. The chips and salsa are also tasty and plentiful. They bring you both the chunky, mild red salsa, and a slightly spicier tomatillo version. And the chips are reminiscent of those served at Aunt Chiladas, fluffy and delicious!
4	Yummy spot for lunch in Scottsdale.  We were looking for something cheap and small for lunch while strolling Old Town.  They have a great taco selection for a bar and everything tasted delicious.  Prices were fine, and you could also order tacos ala carte.
5	Just so you know, I don't come here for the Malibu. I've been a regular since October 2007 when they opened their doors. And their house margarita is THE absolute best I've ever had. I can't get enough of them!!Food is awesome and if you get the chips and salsa, be prepared to eat five basketfuls. They are just that darn good. I've also had happy hour parties and a birthday party upstairs. Great place to hang out!!!! Go there... or suffer from crappy margaritas elsewhere :)
5	Taco Tuesdays cannot be beat...$1 shredded beef tacos and $2 Tecates all day!  If you're there on any other day, the food is delicious and in decent proportions.  Aside from having authentic Mexican dishes, the Margaritas are sensational.  This place doesn't cut corners when it comes to making top notch margaritas.If you are a connoisseur of tequila or just prefer tasty stiff drinks then Cien Agaves is the best place in town!Definitely try to go on a Tuesday, but if tacos aren't your thing then I suggest the Fajita Salad.
4	I"m going to get my one negative out of the way right now so there is nothing left but praise-their Margaritas are EXPENSIVE.With that in mind-they are my favorite margaritas in town (the prickly pear one in particular).  My girlfriends and i love to go there on Tuesday nights because they do $1 Shredded Beef Tacos that are incredible and $2 Tecate Beer (however we always end up ordering the $14 Margaritas anyway, haha).  Never fails to be a fun time over there.
5	This place is of the charts good. My bartender, Wyatt, was the most refined scholar and gentleman I have had the pleasure to be served tequila by.  The owner even stopped by to ask how I was doing. It was like I had known him for years.  I told him I was doing "f-ing great". I like to see an owner that gets out on the floor and gets his hands dirty.  All nice people serving very good food .Get the cucumber margarita, but only if you want your life changed forever (in a good way).
3	My first response to parking in front of Cien Agaves was "what in the hell am I doing in tourist land?" Old Town is such a piece of shit. Unless you like fake western hokey crap stores and indian flute music, you'll want to barf. Of course, when you walk into Cien Agaves, you're transported to a different type of atmosphere instantaneously. They score with Moises' art on the walls, with the industrial looking staircase in the middle of the restaurant, and the generally good soundtrack. There are parts of the restaurant that feel like the divey little places you'd find in Guadalupe, and other parts feel like a Tempe college kid bar. None of it, however, feels like a nice restaurant. The diamond plating in the restrooms is oddly reminiscent of a shotty strip club. The food here was about what I would expect. Not as good as The Mission, Barrio Cafe, Los Sombreros, etc. But much more interesting than a place like Los Olivos. They offer about a dozen different tacos with all sorts of seafood, meat, and bird. Service on my visit was a little slow. We waited about 15 minutes for our check and finally asked for it. Who knows how long we would have waited otherwise. My main observation while here was the crowd. Even though the restaurant feels like the divey Tempe college kid restaurant, the crowd it draws is a little different. There were quite a few roided up douchebags with spider web tattoos, affliction shirts, and stupid gay shit eating grins with some fake tittied blonde with a nosejob hanging on them. It kind of seemed like a bar for Scottsdale douchebags when they want to "slum it" and have "mexican" food.I'll probably go back eventually, but if you're looking for a place to have good Mexican food, skip Cien Agaves. If you want to sip a few Coronas and have some tacos and salsa, you'll be happy as a clam here.
3	I missed trying the ceviche that Cien Agaves served at Yelp in Bloom, so when I was invited to go to Cien Agaves for a friend's birthday dinner this past Friday night, I was excited to check it out!The birthday boy made a reservation for 8pm, and when we arrived fashionably late (thanks to my husband), the rest of our group (approximately 15 people) were already seated, eating chips and salsa, and drinking margaritas.  We caught up pretty quickly thanks to Lindsay, our waitress - I had a margarita made with Vodka and J went with a beer.  The food was decent.  I think the 3.5 star average is right on... I split shrimp fajitas with J and shared in the guacamole, nachos, and a few other apps that the table had.  The guys that ordered the special ahi tacos really enjoyed them.  I have yet to try the ceviche and I may even go for the tequila margarita next visit, but I'd for sure return to Cien Agaves in the future.  Two drinks was all I needed and I was done for the night.  Happy hour anyone?!
3	Are we getting a few more visitors this year, or are my poor old ears deceiving me? I think we are getting more visitors, based on the accents I'm hearing and the number of people clogging the entrance to my little lunch spots...reading the menus...gawking around...discussing all of their personal peccadillo's and preferences..."I dinna wanna fookin taco...I wanna go ta the fookin Breakfast Club" :-)I think they were Scottish tourists, if I'm any judge of kilt's:)...and maybe soccer hooligans, too...although no soccer is being played in Scottsdale right now...spring training hooligans? :-)I heard all that and more on Taco Tusday at CV, yesterday...an "elderly" lady from Baahstaahn (probably this side of 100, but well north of 90) complaining in a loud voice that the beef tacos were "tooo hawt...spaahcy hawt!"...imagine that...spicy food at a mexican joint:)After detoxing with a pleasant little 6 miler along the mighty Scottsdale River, my buddy and I decided that we needed a little retox at Cien Agaves to put a spring back in our steps...I had 3 of the darling little $1.00 shredded beef tacos...my buddy had 11...that's right...11...at a sitting...for lunch:-)He's 30 years younger than I am and he's a professional athlete... I remember the days before my MC4R gene started misbehaving and I could eat like that...damn genetics! :-)If I did that kind of thing these days, you would need to chain saw out the wall of my home and use a crane to get me out of the house and onto set of "Biggest Loser":)Yesterday was a nice day for a taco tuesday retox...great weather for the tourists...I heard a number of un-Scottsdale accents, dialects and languages on the street (as befits a tourist mecca like Old Town Scottsdale) and it looked like the turquoise and tee shirts were flying off the shelves so things are starting to pick up again:)It's put me in such a good mood that I'm even willing to up my rating of CV to a solid 3.5 stars...although I still don't round up...sadly:)
4	I have been eating here for about 3 years and there is one thing that keeps bringing me back. The Tinga Taco. The tinga is the single best taco I have ever had. Shredded marinated chicken thrown into a crispy shell then the whole thing deep fried. Throw in there fantastic chips and salsas and you got my favorite place to go in the valley for tacos.
3	Average food, awesome alcohol.  I think my experience here is why I have yet to even attempt the food at bar/restaurant fixtures like Loco Patron or Salty Seniorita.  Maybe Cien Agaves tries to shoot for the restaurant aspect a little more - they might have to with their lack of a patio to rival their competitors.  One thing I've noticed about this place is that it's usually dead except on Taco Tuesday.  There's something charming about eating shredded beef tacos and drinking cans of $2 Tecate with a bunch of affluent white people.  That being said, for a buck the tacos aren't bad and there's live music sometimes which I'm a huge sucker for.The margaritas are good and strong, which is another of my weak points.  If you don't have to work the next day, I'd also recommend the Tequila Flight, which is $18 for three shots of really good tequila.  Speaking of tequila, they have over 100 kinds!  The only place I've seen come close is El Zocalo in Chandler but I don't think they hit that and they certainly don't have an entire page of a menu devoted to the delicious, cactusy drink.Skip the food, hit the tequila, and don't plan on making a night out of it because it's often dead.
4	I've been here twice now, once for a birthday and once for a date night, and been impressed both times.I've tried their house margarita and their hibicus margarita - both were very good, but there really wasn't much of a difference in taste.They have a great variety of tacos on the menu for about 4 bucks each.  Their fish tacos are delicious.  They have a 2 taco combo with rice and beans for I think 8.95.I've come on a weekend night both times, and both times the place was pretty empty.  I'm not sure why!  They've got a great selection of drinks and this would be a fun place to get a night out in Old Town started.  I will definitely come back!
4	HOLY HABENERO LIME MARGARITA.   So I decided to man up and try this thing out after thinking about it many of times.  It was just as I expected hot and amazing.  After I was almost done though I was finishing my last sips when it happened.  I got a seed right into the back of my throat that was the painful moment that kept me away from ordering this thing before.  I managed to pull through though and finished it.  I also got the 3 taco meal and the tacos were great I had tinga, lobster, and chorizo and papas.  The beans were horrible but the rice was ok so just order the tacos without sides and save yourself a bit of money.
4	I have been in Arizona for almost 17yrs now and up until a few months ago, Macayos was my favorite Mexican restaurant.  Cien Agave is soooo good!  Thats all I can really say!
4	I'm a Mexican food fanatic, and have been having issues finding a place that isn't so BLAH lately. Well, luckily I had the privilege to try out Cien Agave for a promo video we filmed and I was impressed! First I was able to try out the shrimp ceviche...a-ma-zing. It was so fresh and very light in the citrus. Too many times you get a ceviche that is over-powering in the lime juice, but Cien Agaves' is perfectly refreshing.Then we were able to try out the shredded beef taco, lobster taco, and the Taco Al Pastor. I'm not usually a shredded beef taco fan, but let me just say that I've been craving it ever since. And what's even better is you can get them for $1 every Tuesday! And the Taco Al Pastor (marinated pork and grilled pineapple) was to die for. Yum yum yum. Can I go now please???And of course the margaritas...they have reeeeeeeaaaaaaaaalllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyy good margaritas. I enjoyed the award winning house margarita...its a really great classic margarita, where they freshly squeeze the citrus, no pre-made crap in it at all. So good. And the cucumber margarita was amazing. Cien Agaves is just a really great little treasure in Old Town Scottsdale. They have a great atmosphere and a great staff. Go check them out.
5	You can't beat Taco Tuesday's at Cien Agaves! My family and friends have made it a weekly ritual and we can hardly go the entire week without craving those crunchy, beef tacos! At $1 each, I order two, with a side of black or refried beans and I'm all set. They serve complimentary chips with two salsas--tomato fresca and spicy tomatillo (my personal favorite). Last night we tried the Street Corn for the first time. It comes topped with a smokey chili blend, crumbled cotija cheese and with the full-husk to use as a handle. It's just a bit spicy, full of flavor and highly recommended (and just fun to eat)! There are also $2 Tecates so you can have a few with your meal and still come out paying only about 10 bucks. Really?? The restaurant is always hoppin' with happy people of all ages. It's well worth the trip, and maybe it will become a Tuesday ritual of yours too!
4	My wife and I chose Cien Agaves for lunch during our visit to Old Town Scottsdale.  We found it was a great spot for lunch.  I found the interior very bar-like and pretty loud but that's fine for lunch.  I was really impressed by their tequila selection and we had two fabulous margaritas during lunch.  My wife absolutely loved the cucumber margarita.  I was a bit skeptical but I did enjoy it.  Especially considering it was 108 outside!   The ceviche was really tasty but the shrimp could have been cut up smaller.  It kept falling off our chips and was much larger than the rest of the ceviche.  We had three different tacos and all were really good and not your typical fare.  I'd say the Taco al Pastor was my favorite but my wife really enjoyed the veggie tacos with the sauteed veggies for the filling.  The other thing to note about the tacos was that there were at least 10 different types.  I wanted to try them all out (just like the margaritas) but that'll have to wait for another time.Don't know how this place would do for dinner.  I'd highly recommend it for the margaritas and the tacos were good but it's more of a casual place.  The price also seemed okay considering how good the margaritas were but it's not cheap.  We spent $50 for 2 margaritas, 3 tacos and the ceviche.  We had good tequila in the margs so there were in the $9-11 range.  We would definitely come again.
2	Food was decent but not consistent. One lobster taco was cooked perfectly and the other was like rubber. I did enjoy the flavors, though, and the presentation was okay.Still, two stars because neither my dinner-mate or I actually ordered a lobster taco at all. I knew we were in trouble when the server didn't write anything down and we both had a three taco combo. Talking to said waiter/bartender was impossible because he was in such a hurry and it was so loud anyway. I tried to catch his attention once as he ran by but that didn't work out...  So we ate what we got.Why were we seated in the bar, you ask? We made a dinner reservation online at Cien Agaves' website but something was wrong with the system that day. Not sure if that was a technical or human fault but whatever. The only option was outside... At the end of June... Or in the bar. I actually saw another couple go spend some time outside and then leave, fanning themselves.I'd like to try some of the other offerings but that's not likely to happen until it looks like they get their systems sorted out. That includes order taking, reservation taking, and uniform cooking.Will check back in the future to see what other people have to say.
4	Been here on a few occasions, most recently Cinco de Mayo and then this past wknd to use my Groupon. House margaritas are great!  Happy hour specials are good! Food is yumm-O! Only recently did i actually eat here... We sat in the bar area and were served by the bartender. It was a Sunday night, so not very busy. Service was great. He recommended the Ahi tacos, which the bf chose and said were good. I had the Tinga and Polla Asado tacos and was very pleased. The Tinga was probably my fave cuz of the spicyness but the Asado was great and lighter feeling in my belly.  Their chips and salsas are great... and Free!  =)   The bf had the Prickly Pear marg, which he wasn't big on... He likes fruity things, so prob just a taste preference thing.  I have a few friends who rave about the Cucumber marg, which i've tasted and is very good. The Chambord marg is also quite tasty! With a name like Cien Agave, i don't see how you can go wrong.
1	-1 for the handful of gnats hovering above our table -1 for the dingy smell inside the restaurant-1 for the dirty cloth napkins-2 for the awful tasting tacos ("lobster" and chorizo con pappas)* -1 for the practically virgin banana colada* lobster is in quotes because i highly doubt it was real lobster. it tasted more like what imitation krab is to real crab. oddly crunchy, chewy and trasparent. i would've left if i were on my own, but i was with two friends that wanted to try it out and we had a groupon. personally, i never plan on setting foot in this place again. i want to gag just thinking about it!
3	Don't come here if you have a big group, or are hoping for deep conversation. It's pretty small, pretty cramped, and the music is always blaring a few notches too loud.That said, the food isn't bad for trendy Mexican, and is incredibly veggie friendly (NOT vegan friendly), which I appreciate. Both their red sauce and their tomato sauce, as well as both salsa, both beans and their rice, are all 100% vegetarian. That's incredibly hard to find here in Arizona.I love the basics; the cheese enchiladas are what bring me back. I've deviated twice; once for the fajitas, and once for the chilie relleno.  Both were ok, but nothing to write home about. My partner devours the chimichanga, and says it's one of the best she's had. Oddly enough, neither of us have tried the tacos, which is what they're known for. Perhaps next time!
4	I've eaten here on several occasions over the past few months, and the best thing about this place is that it's consistent. Of course their specialty is top shelf margaritas, but the house margarita is darn tasty. They have a good happy hour as well.Start with the chips and salsa, very fresh and very flavorful. I recommend the house margarita on the rocks, it's very good. My favorite appetizer is the ceviche, absolutely delicious. It's pretty expensive, though, and not that filling, but worth it.Tacos are a stand out here, especially the pollo asado (Wednesday special). They don't serve the shredded chicken garbage, here it is real, grilled and diced chicken breast, served with pico de gallo and good guacamole- quite tasty and reasonable. And if you don't eat meat,  there are good vegetarian choices here too.Finally, it's a nice casual atmosphere and the staff is really friendly. The music may be a tad loud, but at least it's usually good music from the 70s and 80s. This is a must try for Mexican food in Old Town.
4	5 stars for the margaritas alone!  The cucumber one is awesome! I've only been there for food a few times and have been impressed every time. The salmon taco is pretty good.For me, these are the best margaritas in Scottsdale.
5	I was introduced to this place by Groupon, and couldn't say no because I am such a big fan of Margaritas. It was a great place for lunch with some friends. It's probably great for dinner with a few friends, too. Service was okay, not spectacular but acceptable. I wouldn't recommend walking in with a large group unless you called ahead (if you can) because they don't seem like they could quickly get stuff situated for you.I had a breaded lobster taco, shredded beef taco, and Prickly Pear Margarita. My friend had the same, but with a POM-rita instead of the Prickly Pear Margarita. All the Margaritas here are made with fresh ingredients (fresh-squeezed limes, etc.) and not some mixes that have been sitting in bottles in the fridge forever. I honestly like the POM-rita better than the Prickly Pear Margarita, but they were both very good and quite large. However, the Margaritas are really expensive. I would recommend coming during happy hour because they are all half-price during happy hour. Plus, appetizers are half-price then, too. And on Mondays, the house margarita is only $3.00 ALL DAY long. I'll definitely be back for some happy hour margaritas and on a Monday off. As for the Tacos, the breaded lobster taco was really disappointing. The sauce they put on it didn't pair that well with the fried lobster, and the pieces of lobster were overcooked and a bit too chewy/dry for my tastes. However, The shredded beef taco was AMAZING. After I started eating the shredded beef taco, I knew I would be coming back for more of them. It's just a classic shredded beef taco with the classic trimmings in a crunchy taco shell (the shell seemed like it was fried very close to when I ate it, yet wasn't oily and they didn't salt it), but they must be doing something a little different because it was just too damn good. To sum up, I will be back and definitely recommend this place, but if you want to drink margaritas with some of those awesome shredded beef tacos, I would stick to Happy Hour, because the prices are pretty steep.**Edit: Just found out from a fellow Yelper that they have $1.00 shredded beef tacos on tuesdays. That just moved it from 4 stars to 5 in my book and I will probably spend way too many tuesdays here. Thanks, Lindsey!
3	Food and atmosphere are just Ok here.  Probably shouldn't have gotten an enchilada in a more "tex mex" kinda place ... however the service and margaritas are definitely something everyone should experience!
2	I had really hoped this place would be better since the location was great (right in the middle of Old Scottsdale) and the inside looked nice, but that was about as far as it went. Although our waitress was nice, the service took FOREVER, and the place was not even full at lunch time. $10 for a regular margarita at lunch time seemed a little pricey to me too. We split the 3 taco plate and had a fish taco, lobster taco and carne asada taco. Both the fish and lobster tacos were fried, not lightly fried, but heavily battered and greasy. The carne asada did not have a lot of flavor. Probably OK to go here in a pinch, but there are probably hundreds of places better than this!
4	This place was pretty good and our server (who was also bartending) was very attentive and nice. They have an amazing selection of tequilas, and the margarita that my mother had almost killed her (in a good way). I would def. go back!
4	fun place to go and grab a drink and bite to eat, again not your typical scottsdale crowd which I love.  I especially enjoy their tortilla soup and a beef taco on taco tuesday...totally reasonable and fun spot at night. See you tomorrow cien agaves for $2 taco's :)
2	I've given Cien Agaves three chances now and they just haven't provided me with anything that makes me to try them again.I've had the veggie tacos, the fish tacos, chips, salsa, beer and the chips, salsa and beer were pretty good.This past visit the service was good so that raised it to two stars.If you are a friend of mine and you want me to come to a happy hour or lunch, do not pick this restaurant.
2	My office and I have been hitting up Taco Tuesdays for a few month now.There tacos are good for a dollar but you will have to contend with some HORRIFIC service to get them.
3	3 Stars only because the house margarita and guacamole was so good.  The food was decent (fish tacos), however the patio atmosphere was a bit sad. I understand this is more of a bar than a fine dining restaurant but the patio tables had no place settings, condiments, etc... Just cheap metal tables and chairs. Also - there was no music out there, just this incessant humming of a back alley generator.  The service was a bit sporadic out on the patio as well. We were asked by three different servers if we have a server yet. Not much in the way of organization. Maybe management just hasn't gotten around to fully organizing and furnishing the patio yet. I hope they do, because they are in a great location and the food and drinks give them lots of potential.
4	Ode to Taco Tuesday Cien Agave, how I love thee Where else can I go to get tacos for free!? Well, technically they are not free, but still Only $1 a piece, it's an absolute steal! Your Tecate Light is so refreshing and crisp And at only $2, I can have multiple sips! If darker beer is more your fare, Have a Modelo, it's not that much more! The tequila you serve makes your Margs quite delish All food so divine, I have only one wish! Only one day a week is not enough, I say Let's celebrate Taco Tuesday EVERY DAY! TT fans - this little poem sums it up! If you want cheap food and drinks, good service, cool ambiance, and just an overall place to go, Cien Agave's on Tuesday nights is the place for you!
3	Had the tacos on special.  Yum... good stuff.  But they really felt like "cheap" tacos.  They arrived a bit wet and could not be picked up with your hand without ripping through the tortilla.Guacamole was good.  Dining area was okay.  A bit loud.I will probably be back, but mostly because the price is right.
5	Cien Agaves has the best tacos in town, hands down. Carne Asada and the shredded beef are so bomb.Margaritas are fresh and 3bucks on mondays! Artwork in the place is cool too, with a dia de los muertos theme mixed with luchadora!A Plus rating!
3	We came here with the local recommendation of our hotel concierge. Good place to get tequila with delicious tacos, he said. We came during lunch on Saturday so no happy hour and no drinks to vouch for. We ordered the Pollo Asada Burrito and Tres Tacos combo. The burrito was good, not spectacular in the marinade. They kinda went light on the cheese and guac, but the black beans were delicious. For the tacos- we ordered Lobster, Mahi mahi, and shrimp. The shrimp tacos were my favorite. Extremely flavorful, and cooked perfectly. This place can add a little more lobster to the taco, and the mahi mahi was okay.The service was quick and all the ladies were very nice. Food was mediocre though.
3	Typical Mexican influenced bar with tacos. A little run down, but casual and down to earth. It has a rustic feel to it, and offered lots of seating. The ridiculous amount of tequila offered at the bar definitely draws in customers. Quite a sight to see! The food was mediocre, tacos and burrito were OK, nothing special. The rice tasted a little burnt and the black beans were the best part. Though the shrimp were cooked to perfection, they got it right!
4	Great ambiance- a nice mix of modern Scottsdale, old school western scottsdale, and latin touches. The tacos are fantastic and the menu is flexible so you can try many different ones. Check this place out!
1	Chimichangas with a few tiny shreds of Chicken, mostly 99.9% rice filled. Tacos had total of one teaspoon of beef in them. If your looking for meat filled food, don't go here...they use all fillers yet charge the prices of what you'd expect to get in good quality food. Don't waste your hard earned money at this place.
4	I can appreciate a good happy hour, and Cien Agaves certainly has a muy bueno one.While I didn't come on Taco Tuesday (which I should have for their $1 tacos and $2 Tecates), I did come for Margarita Monday (ok, I made that up - margaritas here are a must every day of the week). We came in before their daily happy hour ended at 7pm and enjoyed some awesome house margies for half price - $3.50! And these suckers were pretty big too. Food was delicioso. I had a carnitas burrito and went with our server's rec to get it enchilada style and got the spicy red sauce. I'm glad I did, because it was so good wet (hmm, TWHS). Their signature chicken fajitas were really tasty as well. Entrees were so big that I couldn't imagine getting any appetizers or dessert - although an after dinner shot of tequila? Si, senor! Obviously, they had a list of cien tequilas on their menu. As much as I love Clase Azul, we decided to get shots of Milagro Anejo and saved ourselves $400.All in all, a fun spot in Old Town Scottsdale to get your Mex fix!
4	love this place.. ya they do tinga!  go with a group and order a bunch of tacos.. I order my tinga tacos in a non crisp shell / instead a basic corn tortilla... good cocktails, 4 stars only because I think they run a pretty lean labor and leads to, not offensive, yet dragged out service sequence.  I have never left unhappy... been there 5 times now.  Yes it is old town, and it is really good, just don't bookend yourself with an appointment after your meal and it will be perfect.
5	Hibiscus margaritas...oh how I love you!! Haha So I was in Scottsdale last weekend, visiting friends and going to the Interpol concert Saturday night. My friend Chantage and I arrived in Scottsdale early afternoon and were immediately whisked away by our friends to Cien Agaves for margaritas and tacos. (I have the best friends in the world!) With so many margarita choices, yes, it was hard to narrow it down to one to start with. But the hibiscus is my favorite flower, so why not try a hibiscus margarita?? Yum, yum and more yum!! And they were in very generous glasses, too! I want one right now and it's only 11am! On the second margarita, we decided to order some tacos. Again, the choices...uh, I wanted them all! But I opted for the Dos Tacos Especial which was my choice of two tacos, beans and rice. I love mahi mahi, so that's what I ordered. Fabulousness, I tell ya! The mahi mahi was grilled to perfection, the beans were smoky and woody but the rice, eh, was okay. Not my favorite. The third hisbiscus margarita made up for it, though! My friends had seared ahi tuna tacos, lobster tacos and carnitas tacos which by the sounds of their 'mmm's and 'ohh's' I can tell you were just as awesome as my mahi mahi tacos!Our bartender, Blair, was cute, friendly and funny. I hope he enjoyed serving us as much as we enjoyed him! We'll be back to see him (and try other tacos and margaritas) again soon...thanks, Blair! :)
4	So being in AZ for the weekend - I'm for some reason being taken to only taco restaurants.. I'm OK with that... cuz obviously I LUV FOOD! So Saturday night we pull up to this little spot in Scottsdale to meet up with the rest of the crew and sit and have a drink - I ask the bartender give me your best 2 tacos - so I get the carne asada and the mahi mahi- The carne asada was delicious, it was tender spicy and just melted in your mouth- i instantly gobbled that one up right away- The girl sitting next to me advised me that the mahi mahi was the best she has ever tried at the restaurant. So i drink my drink and talk with my friends, after about 10 min I decided to dive into this scrumptious mahi mahi taco.. only to be left disappointed- if i wanted to have dessert on top of my dinner i would eat it that way- to say the least i wash left unsatisfied with the taco. My good friend said here try a little bite of this... it's the lobster taco... i said OK why not.. OMG! The flavors were amazing it was spicy, soft and succulent, and just melted on my tongue.. my tongue actually woke up and my mouth was exploding with flavor! This is what i was waiting for... This is a good little spot - i would definitely come back again- the service was great! friendly and perfect. my tummy was happy!
4	So this is becoming one my favorite spots for Happy Hour. The tacos are delicious as well as the Margaritas. My friend brought me here to try it out one tuesday when the tacos are $1 and now it is our place to meet up!
4	Awesome tequila list. Enjoyed variety of tasty tacos. Friendly and fast service. Staff opened early when they saw a line starting outside. That is impressive customer service.
3	Friendly, airy place. Modest menu, ok quality, spotty service, ok prices according to the people I was with. LOUD. I mean LOUD. Don't go there if you want to have a conversation.
1	I recently dined here with some friends on a Sunday, and it will definitely be my last time.  The food took FOREVER to got.  The drinks were mostly mixer...I saw one previous comment on here that said they were "virgin" drinks. That's a great description. Our waitress was a despondent little grouch who definitely had an expression on her face suggesting that she had somewhere better to be. Maybe she did. I also don't know why people keep saying "great" prices.  The Margaritas are $10 dollars! The fast food chain Chipotle is a better mexican food experience.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY AT CIEN AGAVES!!!!
4	Te, Te, Te, tequila... Margarita! Holy heaven Cien Agave has the best margaritas in town.  Hottie and I decided to take a seat on the patio during Sunday happy hour to enjoy the Arizona sunshine.  We weren't planning on eating, but after seeing the food being served we decided to give their tacos and some guacamole a try.  I had a veggie taco on a flour tortilla.  It was excellent; they actually grilled up the veggies and the tortilla, giving it the nice crunch of a taco without the frying.  The guacamole was just okay; I've had better and can definitely make a better batch at home.   A good Mexican food restaurant typically has a solid chips and salsa presentation, but their salsa was weak and had gringo written all over it! I'm glad I ended up ordering a taco, because it gave me a better peek into their menu.  We will definitely be back for Happy hour; you can't get a rockin' $3.50 margarita and $2 taco anywhere else in Old Town!
4	Three-hundred-fifty pennies...during HH...for the best margaritas in town...equals four stars!The chips and salsa were so-so (but gratis thankfully) and the carne asada tacos were very good.  Little Lady had the vegetarian tacos (zuchinni, yuck!) which she enjoyed (did I mention they were filled with zuchinni? yuck!).  We didn't have full dinner service as this was just an afternoon pit stop, but I would love to return.The patio is nice and tucked away on the side, and we had a great afternoon snack and cocktail.  If I can find a couple solid go-to dishes, this place promises to be my go-to Mexican spot in the 'dale--and the 'dale needs some good Mexican food desperately!
3	This is a solid option for Mexican food and some drinks. Good atmosphere but it's kinda on par with Chevys...it is not the best Mexican or authentic but it was definitely good. Chicken fajitas was tasty paired with a shot of patron and some tecate...bottom line: I'd come back next time im in town for spring training since it's right next to the giants Scottsdale stadium!
4	Great place for grabbing a taco in the center of old town. Cool art on the walls, not very expensive and figgen bangin tacos. I've had about 5 different ones and was not dissapointed in any- including the seafood ones which the majority were. Impressive, since we are no where near an ocean and the fish was grilled. I hear the margaritas are weak, which may or may not be a good thing depending. Would totally recommend it, especially since its next to one of my favorite bars, Patty's pub.
4	This place was the setting for two of my "firsts". My first fish taco and my first cucumber margarita and I was far from let down! Holy goodness they were so great.My husband and I had a weekend away from the kid so we decided to get some drinks and tacos. I've heard great things but it's always better to try it yourself!The Mahi Mahi taco was FABULOUS and their cucumber margarita is my new favorite, and I'm not usually a margarita fan! We'll go back, for sure!
4	Great place in Old Town Scottsdale!  The food is great, the service is good and it is in a good location!
5	wonderful flavors in the meat and fish tacos  , well seasoned  - a winner we will be back. plus great service
4	I've only been to Cien Agaves once, and it was Cinco de Mayo, so I understandably don't have a good grasp on their day-to-day operations.However, in a city that is filled to the gills with rip-off, overcrowded, overpriced cantinas on Cinco, Cien Agaves was a breath of fresh air.We were there in the afternoon with a large group of 20.  We received good service the entire time, cheap and tasty cocktails, and very good tacos.  In my book, that's 3 for 3.
4	Holy Tequila!  Luv the margaritas here!  House margaritas are the best.  I highly recommend the Cucumber margarita!  Its cool and refreshing with the perfect amount of tequila.  Great drink for the hot AZ summer!  Tinga tacos are my absolutely favorite.  Great crunchy chicken taco!  Great place in OT for some awesome food and drinks.  This is one of the best happy hour locations in town!
4	Cien Agaves was a chill place to have a margarita after work, kick back with the locals and get to know the staff.  The rating is more like a 4.5.   The tasty seared ahi taco inspired this haiku:I walk across sandAnd find myself swelteringIn need of a drinkThe salty rim callsMy dry mouth is quickly quenchedAs Richard brings chipsThe local spouts offAnd teaches new crude phrasesAs the staff shakes headsMargarita threeThoughts of a supposed friendprompt melancholyThen regulars laughthe seared ahi taco arrivesculinary hug
2	Cien Agaves, you have potential, but you let me down.On the plus side, happy hour is decent at half price appetizers, free chips & salsa and cheap drinks. I've been here 6 times for happy hours and decided to use my Living Social deal for a dinner last weekend. Bad decision, my happy hour memories are ruined. Stale chips, slow and awful service and I found a hair in the free salsa and had an overall horrible experience. I used a Living Social deal for $10 for $20 and the visit solidified my decision to not go back again, not even for happy hour.The service is awful, the hostess doesn't greet people as they enter or say goodbye as they leave...I never thought I'd notice a hostess so much until I saw how little this one did. She spent most the time picking at her nails while at the front. We had a party of 5 total and 3 of them came after we had already ordered our drinks. Our server never took drink orders for them and we had to grab her to order more food. Our food wasn't bad, but it wasn't that good. Service was horrible, but they didn't even seem that busy.We would have ended up spending a lot more $ here on food and drinks but decided to go other places in old town to get good service.Management...please take the helpful hints, because I know you can be a good restaurant.
4	I frequent this place a lot.  Its a great Mexican restaurant in the middle of Old Town, where there is a daily happy hour deal.  I'm not a fan of tequila, but if you are, this place is a must visit.  They have it all...As for the food, I enjoy the fish tacos, as well as the baja lobster tacos.  Absolutely delicious!  I always tell myself I'm just getting 2 tacos, but end up getting 3 or sometimes, even four!  The guacamole is pretty good here as well. It always seems to sneak its way on our table as well.  As for the service:  My fiance and I come here a lot, so we've had our share of good and bad servers.  Some are very friendly and are more than happy to please you, however, we've had a server or two who never checks up on you and takes 20 minutes to bring a beer even when its not busy.  Service is kind of hit-or-miss, but the food definitely makes up for it, and the prices are more than fair.We've even used Cien Agaves to cater for a baby shower.  They allowed us to rent out the upstairs area.  It was out of the way and private, and the food was very satisfying.  They did a great job.
4	this place is good, simple and fast. Tuesdays they have deep fried beef tacos for 99 cents so I stay away from here on that night.The Al Pastor tacos are super super gooooooood. I havent ever had a bad thing on this menu. The fish tacos, are nothing special, but still not bad. The owenrs are always walking around, checking on tables and super nice guys. Really cool art on the walls
3	I went to taco Tueday last night and started off with a house margarita for half price during happy hour. ($4)  It was very fresh and tart you could tell they didnt use sweet and sour, which is a good thing.  I ordered 2 shredded beef tacos and the Guacamole. The apps are half off also during happy hr which is till 6 pm.  The tortilla chips are A-Maz-Ing, delish.. the red salsa is pretty fab too. The guac is a NO WAY JOSE'. Doesn't taste like fresh avocados, tastes like processed green mush. the tacos were decent they come with shredded cabbage, cheese, sour cream and shredded beef for 1.50 each on Tues all night. I prob wont return didnt really make that great of an impression.
4	Huge selection of tacos.  Carne asada, pollo asada and carnitas tacos all great. Ahi tacos we're huge with fresh seared ahi.  Loved my cucumber mint margarita...super refreshing on a hot night.  My son was disappointed in his Big Ass Burrito with green sauce...said it was average.  Go here for the tacos!By the way, if you like really spicy salsa with your chips, you need to ask for it.
4	Great taco bar, nachos are amazing, fajitas are also excellent!  They have a huge selection of margaritas to choose from that are not the typical fruit.  The jalapeno, cucumber, and hibiscus are all worth trying.
5	Great margaritas and amazing tacos. I recommend the carnita's taco. I hope to get back to Scottsdale soon so I can stop by again.
1	If you're in a touristy old town, you can' be surprised by a tourist trap.  Margaritas were strong, but food was overpriced.
4	Wow, I really fell in love with Cien Agave because of their awesome selection of exotic Mexican veg options!  I can usually find a few vegetarian items at most restaurants but they're usually just OK.  What I had at this place was phenomenal!  For example their Pappas Con Queso (seasoned potatoes and cheese) and their grilled veggie tacos were can you say mouthwateringly awesome?! Also, they have the most deliciously fresh and exotic salad dressing made of a prickly pear vinaigrette.  But, my fave of all was their creamy poblano soup, was just the perfect amount of spicy mixed with creamy that has your mouth saying "ahhhh" and "mmmmm" after each spoonful.  Looking forward to trying some of their other tasty food creations and drinks at my fabulously new food crush place!
1	Came here to try something new. Maybe we should have stuck to our favorites. The water they serve here tastes like it came out of a garden hose, no amount of lemon could save it. After ordering drinks, we waiting what seemed to be a lifetime for the waitress to come back to ask questions about the menu and order. My bf ordered the shrimps tacos but got fish tacos. He ate what he continued to eat them because the waitress never came back to check on the food. He thought they were the worst tacos he had ever had. He did not finish them. Something had got to be pretty bad for him to leave food on his plate. The only time I would ever come back here would be for happy hour but even then probably not.
1	It's been a few months since I've been here, and what a change, not for the better. I usually get the same thing to start with, ceviche and pollo asado. Both are usually quite delicious, not this time.The ceviche had absolutely no flavor to it. As if the chef tried to make it as flavorless as possible. I did not finish it as it was not enjoyable in the least. Now for the tacos. Stale taco shells, dried and overcooked chicken, slopped on guac and no pico de gallo. The tacos were so bad I tried to rescue them by asking for pico de gallo, since they did not put any on, and then I was charged $1.00 extra. Of course, no manager was anywhere in sight. This place simply doesn't care. On the bright side, the margaritas and salsa are still good, but the chips were stale.Not only will I not return, but I can no longer recommend this place to businessmen from out of town. I see dozens of new business people every day who stay in Scottsdale and they always ask for Mexican food, and I've always said Cien Agaves. No more.
4	Happy hour was great- got the tostadas as an appetizer and they were amazing.  Good prices and fun atmosphere for games and groups.
3	I used to think this place deserved at least 4 stars but with the new happy hour specials (1/2 off appetizers and margharitas, 1.50 some kinda shredded meat taco that you can get at Juliobertos for a buck Mon-Wed) its gone down to a meh..  Their soda fountain is never calibrated right and now you have to request the complimentary chips and salsa.  Definitely not my favorite anymore!
4	I eat here often. I usually get a variation of different tacos at different times and their burritos are pretty good too.  The only thing that bothers me is that the carne asada tacos only come with one tortilla and it always falls apart. I think it should come with two. I have also tried the margaritas and that too was pretty d-lish. Over all I would recommend you try it.
4	My husband and I loved this place.  The food was fresh, the atmosphere was great and everyone semed to be enjoying themselves.  We went on a Tuesday and it was $1 taco day.  What an amazing deal.  The house margarita was delicious.  We had a great experience and we will definitely return!
5	Three words: creamy poblano soup. Even if this place did not have a liquor license I would still drive all the way to Old Town just for the soup. It's seriously one of the best things I have ever eaten. I don't just throw that around, either. It's perfectly balanced and I crave it like I do sushi.But thank the Lord it DOES have a liquor license, otherwise it would just be called "Tacos." They hand-squeeze fresh limes for every single margarita. It makes for sore hands and more work for the bartender, but it is certainly worth it. It is honestly the best margarita I have ever had (aside from my own homemade ones, of course). The best thing about it is it's $3.50 during happy hour (3-7pm everyday), and happy hour lasts ALL DAY on Sunday during football season. Pretty awesome. I'm pretty in love with this place.Also on Tuesdays, tinga tacos (chicken) are $1.50 and shredded beef tacos are $1.00 (if I remember correctly, don't quote me on that). Regardless, they're cheap. Also some cheap $2-3 beer deals, but beer is the same everywhere unless you're at a brewery, so whatever about that.All in all, I love this place. OPEN A TEMPE LOCATION PLEASETHANKS!
4	I love this place!  Tacos are great!  I usually only go on Taco Tuesdays so that's all I've really had.  The chips and salsa are great.  The red salsa is the best.  The service is ok...Servers usually don't seem to thrilled to be there.  Overall, I think this is a great place to eat w/ a fun atmosphere!
4	When I found out I was going to Scottsdale for a vacation, I signed up for Groupon and was excited to score a tequila tasting at Cien Agaves! Well, I didn't read the fine print and it was only for the last Thursday of every month.  Not a problem - the owner/manager was great when I told him I had kind of skimmed over the fine print, and he still honored the group on.  We had delicious tacos, yummy margaritas and left thinking how great people in AZ are :)
4	I'm craving a Tinga taco just writing this review.  I love Cien Agaves' tacos!  You can order them individually, as part of a meal with beans and rice, or a platter of 10 for $35.  Pork, carne asada, chicken, potato, lobster..you name it, they have it.  Whether you like mild or spicy, are not a meat eater, whatever... You'll find the perfect taco for you.Their patio is basically a narrow walkway with wobbly tables.  That's the only negative here in my book.
5	This place has great food, good service, and excellent outdoor atmosphere. Tacos are good, drinks are strong, and sitting outside under the zigzag of string lights is very romatic and laid back atmosphere. We come here a lot and order the ceviche which is amazing. Happy hour is the best, and taco Tuesdays. The music is laid back, and we seem to sit here for hours and talk, and drink, and eat tacos. It's fun to see people walk by and the staff is very friendly.
4	Margaritas were awesome. Service was super fast and friendly. We sat outside by the fire pit it was a gorgeous evening in Scottsdale. Guac was super fresh.  There were 3 of us and we all had 2 different tacos off the menu and were all happy!  I think the carbine asada was the best.
5	If you are looking for a great street taco look no further..CIEN AGAVES has them.  Their entire street taco menu is mouth watering however I can never stray from the lobster tacos.This place is a great place to go to before an afternoon Spring Training baseball game.  Their three tequilla taster is also a good way to sample the tequilla, if I can remember it is around $16 for 3 shots (heavy pour) of tequilla for sipping.This place continues to get better and better and the service I recieve there is how any place in Scottsdale should be.
3	I like this place. It has a good feel and delicious margaritas. If I were back in Old Town, I might stop by. But I am sure every neighborhood has their own margarita spot that is quite similar. There is no reason to drive for miles to get here.
4	Tiny tacos. Delicious, delicious tiny tacos. That's all you need to know! We were starved for food, and Mexican sounded amazing. A quick Yearch (Yelp search, eh? Eh?) brought this place up...right down the street! Sold!Our server was super friendly and knowledgable about the menu, if not a *little* absent. It's a good thing we weren't in a rush. We passed the time by watching the Denver Tebows implode so all was well. I opted for the 2 taco meal, where you chose from a list of about 15 types of street tacos and rice and beans. I love that you get the option of corn or flour tortillas and black or refried beans. I got a mixed veggie taco and a Pappas con Queso taco. Both were delicious and the black beans were super tasty as well. The regular salsa was pretty standard (but good) and the tomatilla salsa was smoky perfection. (Chips and salsa don't come automatically--but are free if you ask!)All in all, I'm SO glad I know about Cien Agaves! It wil become a staple!
4	went last night- - tacos were excellent- we tried siz different kinds all good- salsa and chips excellent and $2 Tecate cans- good visit- would recommend
2	Only okay.On a visit to Old Scottsdale, I visited Cien Agaves based on Yelp reviews.The waitress was friendly - if not particularly knowledgeable. I asked for an old-fashioned "not too sweet" margarita - made with lime juice and simple syrup rather than sour mix. She had no idea what I was talking about.  I got the Two Taco plate  - a 'tinga' and a 'carne asada'. The 'tinga' tasted like the oil in the deep fryer hadn't been changed in a while.kinda stale. The meat in the carne was both fatty and gristly. Maybe I just got a bad piece, but there were several inedible chunks in a fairly small taco.The rice and beans were bland.After I finished up my meal, the waitress asked if I'd like any more chips.I mentioned that I hadn't  had any to start with, so I couldn't exactly have 'more'.She gasped "didn't I bring you any chips?" Nope.She got them, but needn't have bothered. They - like the tinga taco - were too oily and  stale tasting. The salsas were just not all that interesting.Nothing here was bad, but nothing was all that good either.I wouldn't go back.
5	Great food, great drinks, great service, great prices with a casual atmosphere in a superb location. What more could you ask for?
5	This place is off the hizzie for shizzie. Great HH, Great drinks, the most amazing Salsa. This place has it all. Would definitely recommend to a friend, a friend of a friend and even my grandma. Thank you Cien Agave for deliciousness every step of the way
2	Mayb need to b back for happy hour to see if I can up my rating, but for now this is all! Ambience - ok Service - mehMargarita - mehFood - mehPrice- ok, but for bad quality they offer it's highWe had a bad waitress, I think her name was naomi, never introduced herself, found it on the check, which was the only time she actually smiled, bcs ofc she needs tips, but for what? She never made me feel welcome, didn't make my day any better, screwed up my order & never spent an extra second with me? In fact towards the end I asked the helper boy for everything and gave him a few $ tip. I got a cucumber margarita after reading recommendations, which was just meh. Probably would hav been better if frozen. The price doesn't justify it. Macayos or ze tejas has Better ones.I am a vegetarian, so decided to get veggie fajitas with black beans and corn tortillas. Fajitas were so bland and had no flavor whatsoever. I could stir fry these veggies in my home to taste better. Even a sports bar like Gallaghers has better fajitas than here. Black beans was a disaster, it was just cooked bland beans, no flavor, no salt, nothing at all. Is this supposed to b a joke, or they don't care much about vegetarians? Bcs my gf loves her meat tacos. I am defntly hoping to hear from the owner/manager about this!! And ofc the corn tortillas never arrived, instead came the flour tortillas, down went my calorie count. Thanks cien agaves, not sure why u r trying to copy tortilla factory? Not coming back soon, unless forced to!!Check the posted pics along with review
5	First time to Scottsdale and a friend took us to Cien Agaves. Loved the location!  Perfect for shopping and then dinner and drinks. We started with the margaritas and I have to say they were about the best I've ever had. Definitely enjoyed the cucumber one, very refreshing! For those who can tolerate spicy, I also loved the Habanero margarita. For an appetizer don't miss the cerviche. All the food was delicious and good size portions. Leave room for dessert because the flan was the best I've ever had.  Service was personable and attentive while laid back. This place is a definite thumbs up!
3	I love the atmosphere in this restaurant but I think the food is pretty bland.  I've been here twice, I tried the big ass burrito with chicken and the carne asada tacos, I've had better though.  I do like their margaritas though especially the happy hour $3.50 margarita, you get the bang for your buck with the drinks.
2	The food was reasonably good but not good enough to prompt us to return. This restaurant's location make it a tourist eatery; we felt rushed through our meal. We ordered guac and chips and drinks to start, 5 mins later ordered dinner. The drinks & guac/chips (which were good) arrive 15 mins after we placed the order & our dinner (which was fair) arrived 2 mins after that. There was barely room on the table for the food, but what was more disappointing is we sensed the restaurant/server was more interested in quick table turnovers. She didn't even ask if we wanted dessert, but just brought out the bill. There are plenty of other Mex-themed restaurants in this city; the food here is not that special. This is not the place to chill and chat.
2	We went to this Mexican establishment last Sunday night and we ordered the organic margaritas and we could taste any tequila and they put so much soda water in this drink it tasted like a soda. I ordered the taco combo, one ahi taco which was good however the crispy chicken taco was very bland and tasteless. The rice tasted old and you can tell they put it on the grill to reheat because it had burnt patches ...yuk! Over all I wouldn't spend the $$ to eat here again.
3	Our overall review based soley on today's dining experience is 3.5 stars. However, we have visited Cien Agaves probably a dozen times over the past year and those experiences average 4 stars. I think today was just a slightly "off" day for the kitchen.To start, we visited during a very busy spring training game lunch, and the place was packed with a nice variety of tourists and locals alike. We were impressed that we were able to be seated quickly and got our drinks and order in before several large groups. The salsas and chips arrived rapidly after our request for them, and we were happy to have them to enjoy while we waited for our lunch. The green salsa was tart and tasty; the red salsa with a large pieces of onion and tomato (I love a chunky salsa) was even better. The chips were fresh and warm.We had a very good waitress who kept our refills coming and did a great job keeping in touch with us throughout the course of our time at the restaurant. Like I said, this was very impressive service in spite of the crowd in the restaurant. My hubby and I ordered our two favorite meals at Cien Agaves for lunch. He got the chorizo cheese crisp; I got the green chili pork soup. My soup was GREAT! It had wonderful tender chunks of pork, plus the vegetables were cooked perfectly to the way I like them, gently pliable but not mush. It also had the right amount of spice, just enough to make me sweat ever so slightly.The problem with our meal occured with the cheese crisp. First, the amount of chorizo was stingy. Secondly, and more importantly, it was burned on the bottom to the point that is all we could taste was BURNT. When the waitress stopped by to check on us shortly after the meals were delivered, we explained this problem and she immediately sent this flawed cheese crisp packing, back to the kitchen.Before too long, we were greeted with another crisp. The amount of chorizo was increased, which was good. This time, however, the crisp was slightly undercooked and slimy, making it more difficult to eat. On the other hand, the flavors this time, of the cheese and onions and sausage, came through nicely so we proceeded to eat this second cheese crisp even though it wasn't CRISP. Better than too CRISP, I guess.All in all, I was sorry to give today's experience 3.5 stars instead of the 4 our meals usually deserve. But like I said, something was "off" in the kitchen today, which lowered the rating for us. However, it will not keep us from visiting Cien Agaves again.
4	My family and I ate here while we walked around old town one day they were visiting. I didn't know this existed, until we passed by and looked it up on Yelp mobile on my sister's phone. We saw it's reviews, and decided to give it a shot. It was busy downstairs, and but slow upstairs where we were. At first we had trouble getting water refills and chip refills, but I'll give it to the servers, it got packed quick upstairs (I think the Giant's spring training game got rained out). They eventually took a good chunk off of our bill, which was cool. As far as food goes, we all ordered the different taco assortments. Mine were fantastic! A shredded beef taco, carne asada, and a fish. It was the perfect amount of food. We were all happy with our food. Although this place is a tad on the divy side (no problem to me...dives are not necessarily bad), the food was great! I'd like to try some of their tequilas some day....I'll be back.
4	The food here was very good.  They also have an excellent tequila menu.The service was a little grumpy but I found that in almost all of the restaurants in Scottsdale, must be a Scottsdale thing.
2	I've given this place so many fair shots because they have a great happy hour and seem like they have potential. The atmosphere is cool, the restaurant's decoration and patio are really neat, they have awesome artwork. The reason I'm over it is because the service is pretty awful. The chips are stale, but they're free, so I'm not that critical and don't need to fill up on free chips anyway.Girlfriend digs the margaritas because they don't taste as 'syrupy' (whatever that means) and because they are half price on happy hour. Tinga tacos ($1.50 each) are good too. We really prefer the other tacos they used to have on happy hour like 6 months ago...consider bringing those back, management.The problem is really that most servers are clueless, irritated that you're in their section and get everything wrong. Pretty consistently, the waitresses seem to be in their first week of their first serving job - forgetting orders, messing stuff up and being awkward.So if you have a lot of patience, are not in a rush and have a lot of great friends with you, this might be an okay choice for happy hour, but there are definitely a lot of better options nearby.
4	I went here for lunch on Taco Tuesday for the $1.50 shredded beef tacos and they were delicious! I will definitely be going back for future Taco Tuesday deals
4	OMG I loved this place! I wish I could have tried more food on the menu, but I guess that will be next time I visit Old Town Scottsdale :).The happy hour specials are every day, $3.50 margaritas.  Aye carumba!  They were big too.  I was hungry and they have 1/2 price apps.  I didn't order any but got a fajita salad which comes in this ginormous taco shell.  It was SO GOOD and I had the best dressing, creamy jalapeno.  It even had hockey playoffs on - Pittsburgh vs Philly.  I'm in love, I'm all shook up.
5	Delicious tacos, margaritas, and guacamole. Very good serving sizes too. Service was good and food came really quickly.
4	Would I go back here if/when I return to Scottsdale? Heck yeah!!!!!  When we were there last November there were 5 adults and one child in our family group wandering around the area looking for something to eat.  The one place we tried to get into you couldn't get in without a crowbar so we wandered past this, took a look at the menu and said why not!So glad we did!  Good sangria, interesting patio area (felt more like an alley but cool), great chips and salsa, and good food at a good price.  No one, not even the kid complained about their food.  And this was the first time in my life I had fajitas with zucchini in them! YUM!  Plus, most veggies that come with fajitas are usually limp beyond limp and on the bland side.  Theirs had some spice to them.  With drinks and food our whole bill for all of us was around 100$.  Not bad for a place in Old Scottsdale.
1	AVOID THE TEQUILA TASTING. Unless you really just want shots (not tasting), standing in long lines,  and being surrounded by copious amounts of drunken twenty-somethings. I bought a "Google Offers" for tequila tasting for myself and a friend. I had called to see how it was ran and what to expect. I was told it was similar to a wine tasting experience. LOL! We went upstairs to the bar area, where two elongated utility tables were out. There were two representatives offering (approximately) two ounce shots in small, plastic "sauce" cups. Which, by the way, we never did experience.  We gave up and left after waiting (standing) in line for fifteen minutes. It was more aligned with a keg party.  Not that we were upset, since instead of a sipping and a true tequila experience, we were really in the middle of a "free shot" until you get really, really drunk experience.  We left and headed over to the grapevine instead. Excellent patio, decent cocktails, (unfortunately a poor tequila selection, but that's not what they are known for). I do have to say, the manager was kind in an email, but we won't be visiting here again.  I can't comment on the food. 1 star for misrepresenting what they are offering, 4 stars for management. 5 stars to Google Offers for giving me a full refund without any issues.
4	Good veggie tacos, great happy hour.  Staff is friendly.
4	I have just moved to the area, and was looking for a place to grab a bite to eat.  I was strolling around old town and came across Cien Agaves, and I'm glad I did.  I sat at the bar and the bartender was great, quick service and friendly.  I grabbed the menu and began to peruse the menu.  I saw that they offered many types of tacos and you could do a mix and match of the many different types.  I thought that this was awesome.  I selected Island Shrimp Taco, the Carnitas and the Carne Asada.  I really enjoyed all of them especially the shrimp and carne.  The Carnitas was a little dry, but oh well.  I'll definitely be back and with the many different choice, I look forward to making my way through the taco stand.
4	What a cute little place in Old Town!  We went on a Sunday during football season, so there were a bunch of food and drink specials.  Their margaritas were good as well as the food.  The servers were friendly and attentive.  We don't get into Scottsdale all too often, but we'll definitely stop back in this place!
5	Love this place for tacos and drinks. They have the BEST margaritas you will ever have not to mention their shrimp and fish tacos as AMAZING! I like to sit outside on the patio. It reminds me a bit of Europe or NY or something.
5	YUM! I was so pleasantly surprised by this place. I am weary of Mexican food that is smack right in the middle of old town. In many cases they are only places to get drunk or they are super gimmicky. Cien Agaves had perfect food and drinks while staying reasonably priced. We were there for happy hour and sat up at the bar. The bartender was completely cool. I had the tostadas which was an enormous serving and a potato cheese taco. Tostadas were loaded with beans, cheese, lettuce, cabbage and I topped it off with their delicious salsa. When I had their potato taco I thought I had died and went to heaven. My husband had the ceviche and tinga tacos, which he said was excellent.Their house margarita was on special for happy hour... I'm usually weary of house margaritas. They are either too sweet or not strong enough. But these were great!We will definitely be back! I want to try their veggie tacos....
5	I love tacos and Cien Agaves has so many too choose from and they're all amazing!! The margaritas are also to die for!
3	This place is a good spot for happy hour.  Tuesdays are taco Tuesdays, so you can eat for a reasonable price for the entire family.  Service isn't the greatest, but overall, it is a place that we would return to.
2	To Owners, you should really consider covering the bright window so your first booth can be sat around 6!! We got the last booth avail and then saw 3 parties try to sit in the too much glare booth as they were warned by the hostess, and then upset that the only seating left was upstairs.  The happy hour was good, I tried the house margarita, tinga taco, and an al pastor taco as well. I really didn't like how small the plate with the taco was, the tacos were almost falling off of the plate. I eat a lot of tacos at different restaurants and the entire experience was messed up because the 2 tacos were falling into each other on the really small plate. I liked the tinga taco but not the Al Pastor. Might come back for the atmosphere.
1	Just not so great. The tacos were dried out with just meat and cheese. I didn't eat them but the server didn't ask if anything was wrong. Margarita was not great.
3	Ate here last night with family..the food was just OK..atmosphere was loud and crowded..service was OK..the house margarita was fantastic..
5	Outstanding happy hour and fantastic food.  This is a regular place for me and my husband, visiting 1-2 times a week.  The "local" margarita is by far my favorite, not too sweet!  The grilled Ono taco is also my favorite thing on the menu! :)
4	We are from out of town and stopped in because the happy hour menu was enticing. The food was okay, the drinks were great... We had the house margarita and a couple specialties. You could tell the tequila used was high quality. It was smooth and flavorful. If ever we are in Scottsdale again we'll definitely stop in for a drink and a laid back atmosphere.
3	There are better places in old town Scottsdale
5	There is lots to love about this place, and I want to start with the service, attentive, friendly, and gracious. Our servers took such great care of our big table on monday night, that I have to give the place 5 stars before even one plate of food was served.About the food we planned the visit around Cien Agaves terrific Happy hour, so there were lots of tico tacos $1.50 ea and half price appitizers on the table, rounded out by a few entrees. Everything I tasted was delicious, especially the Chicken Quesidilla. Normally I would skip a chicken Quesidill on almost any menu, but I am so glad I didnt this time. Just the right mix of seasoned Chipotle Chicken and Cheese in a huge folded and grilled tortilla, with sour cream. This is by far the very best restaurant quesidilla in town. Everything served was great, and raves about the food came frome everyone.They have great drink specials during happy hour as well, including 1/2 price margaritas and special priced beers. It's the tequilla selection that is special though. It's an amazing selection of some of the best tequillas in the world. You can even try some tequilla flights!Inside the place is funky/cool, super clean, with some really cool art and lighting.In Old Town There are some real GEMS and a few DUDS when it comes to mexican food, but Cien Agaves might just be the very best choice for Mexican food in Scottsdale.I MUST SAY TO MY FELLOW YELPERS---GIVE THIS PLACE A TRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	It's a cool place! More for the kiddie crowd. Everyone trying to be all like that! Cool, or "I'm the most beautiful girl in the world" mode! Wife and I started with the Los Nachos, This was my favorite of the night! Chips piled up high with black beans, chicken, pablabo sauce and cheese! I ordered their Al Pastor tacos, wife had their beef tacos. Al Pastor was just OK, if you ever had Al Pastor, you know what kind of explosive flavor it should have! This one didn't!! Wife's taco was actually better then mine! It had shredded beef that was soaked in its juice, in a fried shell. Very good taco. Tacos come with beans and rice. Rice wasn't that good, tasted like it came out of the box. Beans had no flavor, NOTE!! Black beans were a lot better!!! We also shared a prickly pear margarita, very strong! (glad we shared it!!) I have had better. We had a good time, service was great all away around! If I was back in the area, I could see myself going there again.
4	Great white sangria and margaritas!!!  We went for dinner, but ended up ordering appetizers and a pitcher of white sangria. All I can say is the service was great but the drinks are amazing!!!  The tortilla chips  were fresh and homemade.  The ceviche was so tasteful!
5	First off this place should have a way higher rating then 3 stars. Came here because my boyfriend bought a travelzoo deal and the food and margaritas were awesome. We both had seafood enchiladas and split a tostada appetizer. It was absolutely delicious. This restaurant also has a great taco Tuesday deal 1.50 shredded beef tacos and 2 dollar tecates. Will definitely be back again.
4	My brother-in-law had a Groupon for a tequila tasting event Thursday, 9-27.  Great atmosphere with bright colors, Dia de los Muertes theme, luchadors, and sugar skulls.  The tequila event was upstairs and was run well.  Nice to see Roger selling his own wares (Mexican Moonshine)!  Decided to hang out after event and have cigars on the downstairs patio.  I was initially vary of the service from earlier reviews, but our waitress was attentive and made out taco selections for us.  Tacos were fantastic.  The breaded fish was cooked well and not oily.  The carne asada was tender and the guacamole was fresh.  Even on regular hours the price was right.  Definitely a place to go back for during happy hour.  Only giving four starts since I have not tried more on the menu, but that extra star is around the corner!
1	I really wanted to love this place.  I am really not trying to bash Cien Agaves, but I do hope this review will be looked at by the establishment and make improvements.I attended the tequila tasting last night and decided to eat here.  I'll give a pass on the drinks. The service and food were NOT good.  Our waiter/server was not attentive as he should have been.  The place was not busy and there was not clear reason for the lack of service.  He practically snatched the menu out of my boyfriend's hands.I ordered the Chile Relleno with rice and beans. The beans tasted like they were from a can. The rice was dry and flavorless.  The chile relleno was not fresh. My boyfriend ordered tacos and the tortillas were cold, not impressed.
5	Great atmosphere, food was great, staff was amazing, beergarita's are wonderful.
4	I have been here twice and I am impressed. The salads here are amazing, and I love the atmosphere (especially the mango vinaigrette dressing), as it is very funky and bright. This looks like a great place for happy hour. I have eaten on the patio, and that is very nice too with lots of shade. I also had the chicken tortilla soup which was great with an avocado slice in there and a small drop of sour cream. It had a nice kick of spice! The prices are great and portions are hefty!
4	I don't know about you, but the one person I would trust most in the field of tacos would be a luchador. If a Mexican wrestler can vouch for an establishments tacos, then really, they've just got to be good. And due to the number of luchador paintings in Cien Agaves, I think it's just a fact that these are some of the most delicious tacos in Old Scottsdale.These wee little tacos can be ordered a la carte, or in a combo of 2 or 3 plus rice and beans. Go for three. Sure, two would fill you up, but why would you waste an opportunity to try yet another variety of taco? THAT would be ridiculous. I opted for an all seafood night, chowing down on a beer battered ono taco, the island shrimp taco (served with an awesome tangy and sweet sauce), and an ahi tuna taco. The first two were glorious, some of the best i'd ever had. They weren't huge, but they were stuffed liberally. This is especially true of the plump shrimp, which didn't taste remotely Mexican to me, but were delicious nonetheless. I unfortunately didn't care for the ahi tacos, and I love ahi tuna. They weren't bad, just very average. And average looks bad when next to glory. OH and did I mention habanero-lime margaritas? Sure they have plenty of different, unique flavors (hibiscus, blood-orange, prickly pear, cucumber) but that habero-lime is the perfect mix of refreshing and a kick. I would have had a dozen, if they'd had let me. Who knows when I'll be back in Scottsdale, but when I am, I'll be sure to chow down at Cien Agaves. And maybe even steal one of those luchador paintings!
5	This was only our second time visiting as we come from Vancouver Canada but yet again it was AMAZING! This time hubby had the chimichanga and I chose the 3 tacos with rice and beans. I had a super hard time deciding on which 3 to choose as they all sounded better than the last. I finally decided on a carne asada, pollo asado, and the tecate fish taco. The fish was by far my fave with the carne asada a close second. The waitress was friendly, attentive and helpful in giving me the low down on the tacos. Next time I will order al la carte since there was waaaaay too much food for me to eat. When we are staying in Scottsdale in a few days we will returning to have the churro sundae since there was no room to eat it this time!
5	If they serve tacos and margaritas in heaven, they'll probably be like the tacos here, delicious! The Al Pastor tacos are about as close to authentic as you'll get this side of the border. Great friendly bartender too!
5	I had 3 of the best tacos of my life here! Island shrimp taco, Al Pastor (with pineapple!), and the tinga taco pretty much blew me away. And you cannot beat the Sunday $5 milagro margarita deal. Great cantina vibe in this joint, plus plenty of screens to watch football on Sundays. And best of all, the salsa was actually spicy!
3	Their salsa is either really tasty or I was just really hungry when I came here for lunch (the traditional tomato salsa, not the green tomatillo salsa, which is kind of blah tasting).  Had the Ono taco and the ahi taco.  The Ono was quite good, the ahi looked like it had seen better days.Prices are reasonable, but service was slow.
5	The food was amazing, tequila was too. We stayed for hours because the fire pit was so nice. If you're lucky enough to have Mel as your server you're in great hands!
2	Honest review of the food. BEWARE! Fellow yelpers you really let me down. I have to assume that the ratings for this place are based on the drinks or pure bribery. I was in AZ so I thought it fitting to have Mexican food. This place had some of the best reviews as far as Mexican places went on yelp and I decided to check it out.The waitress was very pleasant. and the place was pretty much empty. I showed up around 8:30PM on a Sunday in November.ATMOSPHEREI give them kudos for the excellent music. A mix of current tunes and some 90s favorites. They also have some great TVs. Temperature wise, even with the door open, it was a tad chilly and I wore my coat. Be it known I mentioned to the hostess when I walked in it was chilly, and after no change, I let her know I was going to get my coat, which also led to no change in the temperature. Glad I had brought it. FOODIt started out well. I had the chips and salsa (you get green and red) I am a sucker for green salsa, and this did not disappoint. You do need to ask for the chips and salsa if you want them. I'm not the first yelper to mention this. Would be good it the management got the hint and reminded their servers to offer it. I put a little of the red salsa (which is Hot) in with the green to give it a little more zing. The chips were excellent.Since the Tacos seemed to be all the rave on yelp (maybe because they are $1 on Tuesdays) I got the platter of 2 which comes with rice and beans. Here is what I thought:-Rice - bland, (ok, i know its rice, it wasn't bad rice, just not knocking my socks off. I liked that it was soft and not dry.)-Refried beans- also pretty unexciting, but since they were the most edible thing on my plate much of it was eatenTACOS Part One-Grilled Ono Taco - this fish taco was very dry. even adding salsa/chalula couldn't save it.  I think this taco, with the fish cooked properly could be good.-Carnitas  Taco - This shredded pork taco was insanely greasy and unexciting. One bite was all I could manage. The cilantro and onions were barely discernible accompaniments.So the waitress comes over and asks how everything is. I take a deep breath and let her know about the tacos. She sweetly asks if she can get me anything else. Still feeling optimistic I go for 2 other tacos that she recommends which are popular ones during their happy hour. She walks away.A gentleman comes out and explains they are going to make me some replacement tacos and apologizes. I'm not sure who he actually was. No introduction was made. I told him I was optimistic and would definitely give it another shot. Just in the name of full disclosure, the waitress knew I was a yelper. I mentioned it a few times and I was taking photos of all the food she brought out.TACOS Part DeuxIn general, so many toppings were piled onto these two replacement tacos I think the chef was honestly trying to mask the mediocrity of the meat. (cheese, lettuce, tomato, sour cream - Taco Bell special)-Shredded Beef Taco -  beef still a little dry, which can be expected. Didn't taste the green chiles it was allegedly marinated in. Unexciting-Tinga taco - this shredded chicken taco was ok. It was marinated in chipotle sauce but was definitely still lacking something.I have to say there was not an onion in sight within this 2nd round of tacos. I wonder if that's what was missing from the flavor. Lack of seasoning. I can't imagine this is how Southwesterners like this food. Also, these two replacement tacos (which didn't come out with rice and beans because I said I did not require another serving) came out on a tiny plate. I need to mention that another Yelper has also complained that squeezing two tacos on a small plate is extremely unwieldy. I looked like a little kid spilling tomato and cheese all over the table. Chef - Please just plate the two tacos on a large plate.I will probably go back one more time and try a few more just to make certain I didn't just have bad luck. It seems some of the other reviewers had tacos which I did not try. If my opinion does change I will make sure to update the review.$12 with tax/tip. I had a water.
4	Cien Agaves Tacos & Tequila does just a couple of things, but they do them really well!We tried a range of items (blackberry mojito, local margarita, nachos, tacos, rice, beans) but the real stars were - not surprisingly - the tacos and the tequila. The local margarita is made with a locally-made tequila, and this was one of the best margaritas I've ever had. And the tacos? Nom, nom, nom. We had beef, carnitas, and chicken - and they were all winners. The nachos were okay, and the beans and rice were pretty standard fare.Our server, Meg, was awesome. She made great recommendations and she totally took good care of us - making sure our food was good and that our drinks stayed full.And the price? Totally reasonable for the amount of food and all the local ingredients.
5	BOOM goes the taco dynamite.  My co-workers and I (all of us except the vegetarian, not sure who invited him) thoroughly enjoyed the beef and chicken tacos.  The hard taco shells are the perfect combination of crispy and soft and the toppings were generous.  5 stars, two thumbs up and whatever other positive affirmation you appreciate. It was a serious work affair, so we didn't get the chance to worked destroy the tequila selection, unfortunately.  Next time Cien Agaves, next time.
5	Every Tuesday my girlfriends & I try to go here! They have the best taco's and deal for $1.50 you can't beat them! The staff is always friendly and gives great service! Their house margaritas are surprisingly good too! I would recommend going here any day but especially on Tuesdays!
4	We were really pleased that we stumbled on to this place. It happened to be happy hour & the prices were very good. For dinner we had a ahi, shrimp, and grilled fish tacos & a chipotle chicken quesadilla. The habenero margarita was delicious and not as hot as I expected. Loved  the up beat atmosphere. We will definitely be back.
3	Thanks to Groupon, we discovered this place last Summer and have been back several times.  Located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, it's near all of the Western Shops and knicknack stores....a great place to grab a bite if you're walking around and doing some shopping.Highlight of some items we've ordered here:Los Nachos (Chips, Black Beans, Cheese, Pico de Gallo, Jalapenos, Crema Mexicana, Grilled Chicken), $9.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ja4stXdNYr39u5CZHMNtjw?select=O-yvBcKbgwf9Do-vpgr5xQ#O-yvBcKbgwf9Do-vpgr5xQChicken Tortilla Soup (Bowl), $5.50Steak Fajitas, $15.953 Taco Special (any 3 Tacos), $12.95I've ordered this several times.  Some of the Tacos I've tried are:- Taco al Pastor- Shredded Beef Taco- Carne Asada Taco- Carnitas Taco- Pollo Asado TacoMy 2 favs on that list are the Carne Asada & the Taco al Pastor Tacos.Overall, the food is pretty good and the Margaritas are excellent.  We've only come here during lunchtime and the service is so/so.  Sometimes we get an experienced server and they're good.  Other times we get a young, inexperienced college student that has no clue and forgets to serve us our complimentary Chips & Salsa....that's happened on 2 visits.  The inconsistent service is what knocks them down from a 4 to a 3 Star for me.Return Factor - 60%
4	Trendy taco shop in Old Town Scottsdale with good menu.
5	My Husband and I stopped into the restaurant for lunch on a January afternoon.  We were greeted by our server Ashley who was very friendly.  I started with a Habanero Margarita and it was great and I also had an organic margarita which was also good and not too sweet.  The Camarones A La Diabla  and the Taco Al Pastor were both great choices.  My husband and I also had a flight of Tequila and our server put it together for us with the most popular, server favorite and bartender favorite.  They were very good choices.  There is 100 tequila selections ranging in price and it was nice to have a server that seemed to be knowledgeable on tequilas.
4	My husband and I just happened to come across this place one Tuesday afternoon. Lucky for us it was Taco Tuesday! $1.50 shredded beef tacos all day. They were AWESOME! The crispy corn shell was the best I've ever had. We put on a little chalula sauce and it was perfection.The margaritas are pretty good too. I like how they make the sweet and sour mix and use fresh lime juice.  We sat outside and we really enjoyed the atmosphere, laid back and casual. We had our dog with us and it was a good time.Only reason I'm giving 4 instead of 5 is because the waiter knew it was our first time there and he didn't ask us if we wanted the complimentary chips and salsa. I only found out after coming on yelp that we had to ask for it.
4	My favorite Taco Tuesday in old town! Great shredded beef tacos. Really great deals.
4	Solid happy hour! Great food and drink specials. I really love the art on the walls.
1	Made myself and husband very sick. Poor service. Poor quality food. Our child's food was not edible. Disappointed and probably will not return.
2	None of their staff seems very excited to be there ever!  I have been here at all different times and it is always the same humdrum.  This last time I went with a friend of mine for a late dinner.  There was still 40 minutes till close, so it was not like we skipped in at the last second.  You could tell the bartender was not too happy about us showing up.  He offered us drinks and I had to request a menu, then he stood there staring at us while we decided what to order.  We ended up ordering 3 different kinds of tacos.  He failed to ask us if we wanted flour or corn tortillas, and they came out with flour tortillas; I am not a fan of flour tortillas.  It was just not a pleasant dining experience aside from my company.  I can say they have a great taco Tuesday Happy Hour, but otherwise, I would never come here for anything else.
4	So fun, really love sitting at the bar hanging out with crazy drunk locals. The tacos are terrific and "The Local" margarita in a pint glass is the way to go.  Marisa loves the ceviche too.
4	If you're going to a Giants spring training game you must go here first! Their happy hour is second to none.  We were there on a Tuesday and they had $2 tecate, $1.50 shredded beef tacos and half price appetizers.  They bring you free chips with 2 different types of salsa.  We left there with full bellies and spending $30 (which included a very generous tip).
3	Decent food at a decent price. Could  be more seasoned and tasty. Margaritas were gross, nothing special. Crowd was very loud and rowdy, many many young "tool" type guys looking for girls that really aren't there. Reminds me of spring break at Lake Havasu. Overall ok, nothing more.
4	An excellent happy hour value - great food and drink options.  I was there after a spring training game and they were slammed with customers. The staff all pitched in to help each other and make what could have been chaos a positive customer experience.
5	Such an easy place to enjoy for a relaxing drink and/or food.  The staff is always friendly, the drinks are good and food is tasty.  Cool, mellow little vibe in there.
4	Great atmosphere...  Started with the guacamole which was very good.  Drinks were out of this world great.  Had shredded beef tacos and enchiladas which were both very good also.
1	I've been here twice.  The service is great; the margaritas are great; the food sucks.  Both times my meals tasted like an old shoe.  I'm not sure how they get that exact flavor in the food on two separate occasions but it is not good.  Two strikes you're out.
4	What do I love about Cien Agaves?  What don't I love about Cien Agaves?!  Consistently, some of the best margaritas I've ever had.  The option for corn tortillas, instead of flour, on my tacos.  The perfect black beans...seriously, how do they get them to taste so good?   Service is usually good, I'd say 90% of the time it's great.  What can I really complain about?  Well, the floor is a little difficult to navigate in heels; it always seems slippery for some reason. (I'm actually surprised I haven't fallen down  yet.)  And the bathrooms.....they have black fixtures.  I know it's weird, but black bathroom fixtures give me the heebies.  Neither one is enough to keep me from returning on a regular basis.  I've been hesitant to write this review, only because I don't want to see you all there taking up my space and making me wait for a table.  I'm an impatient girl when it comes to my tequila.  ;)
2	Visited on April 28 with a party of 7. Arrived at 7pm and should have paid attention to the fact that the place was only about half full. It wasn't a bad meal, it just wasn't a great one.Drinks-house margaritas are half price until 7pm. We were able to take advantage of that which was a good thing since they were not very strong.Food-chips and salsa (green and red) are complimentary, but are not brought to the table automatically, you have to ask. And you have to ask for refills on the salsa. Both salsas were very good, nice and fresh. The red salsa was spicy, which I love.  The chips were sub par in my opinion. Some crunchy, some chewy and tough.   Everyone at our table ordered a variation of the two taco meal. The variety of taco options was very good.  I had a carnitas one and a shredded beef one. Carnitas one was very taste, and I liked that I got the option of a soft corn tortilla instead of flour. The beef taco was served in a special shell, I did not care for it. It was a fried corn tortilla that was a little hard to bite into, and did not have a very good taste.  I love trying New Mexican places when traveling, this one unfortunately was a slight disappointment.
1	Bad Americanized Mexican Food: 0 starsReeks of dismal chain restaurant.Paying for the check now...couldn't wait to tell the Yelpers to stay away.Food: 0-stars. The burrito I ordered came out with everything on the side, i.e. guacamole, beans, cheese. Only thing inside was rice and meat. Yet burrito was closed. What??? So then it's a fajita right? The rest of my group shared other complaints.Avoid at all costs.
3	It's definitely a place for the younger crowd.  VERY loud inside.  I had a couple tacos that were pretty good. The waitress was great.
5	man, this place was good. after a few drinks down the street for cinco de mayo, we walked over to cien agaves for some tasty food.despite being quite full, we were seated within 5 minutes of arrival. you have to ask for the chips and salsa, and we did, and they were possibly the best complimentary chips and salsa i've ever had! the salsa's were even hot! as in spicy....3pm rolled around and we started our happy hour drinking. 3.50 for house margaritas...not the crappy pre-made mix kind...the good stuff! and boy were they good! so good i had 2, could've had more, but the day was young. i ordered the cheese enchiladas and unlike most "mexican" restaurants, ay chihuahua, these were awesome! the tortillas were cooked evenly..no rubbery ends to gnaw on. the cheese was gooey and plentiful and the sides of rice and beans were a nice filler. service was fantastic...kept the water coming and despite the place being packed, she checked on us constantly throughout our hour long stay. i can't wait to hit up their daily happy hour again, 3-7pm!
2	Happy hour!!!!Ok so not the greatest but still good guacamole pretty good quesadilla was ok margs nothing to write home about.... Jus sayinTime for fish tacos....... So I visited on Tuesday and I have to say the grilled fish and shrimp tacos are nothing to rave about, very dry chunk of fish with a little mango (i think) pico sauce.
5	We had a great experience here on cinco de mayo! Even though it was busy, our server was spot on! She checked on us frequently to make sure we had everything we needed. Excellent list of tacos...I got an ahi taco and grilled mahi mahi. Both delicious and a good size. They have a terrific margarita menu too-the good stuff, no bottled, sugary mix junk. Unfortunately we were too early for happy hour but they offer HH drink specials plus daily food specials like taco Tuesday! Cool artwork inside as well!
2	Great tequila list, good happy hour/appetizers. Variety of tacos was disappointing.
2	My husband and I tried Cien Agaves this past week with a groupon. The groupon does not cover happy hour food/drinks so I ordered a margarita from the regular menu. $12.00 and it was all juice. My husband ordered the fried chimichanga which he absolutely loved....I ordered the seared ahi salad ($15)which was utterly disgusting. It was a large plate of a bunch of salad leafs and about 6 strips of ahi. The ahi was not pink at all... and was mushy ewww!  Obviously it was previously frozen.  Lesson learned....order mexican food when eating at a mexican restaurant.
5	Taco Tuesday!
4	I'm a fan of places that don't try to do too much. "Jack of all trades, master of none" is a system that works for the Cheesecake Factory or the Yardhouse, and that's fine. However, I'd usually prefer to dine at a place that does just a few items well. Cien Agaves is an example of this. They do tacos and tequila. Yes, they have a couple of other standard-fare mexican items, but they're all about the tacos and tequila.I had been there once before, and last night I went there again for a birthday party. Off the top, their tequila selection is solid - plenty of sippers available, and the prices are reasonable.I did the 3-taco platter. Based on a friend's suggestion, I tried the Tinga taco, and that was the only one I didn't love. It wasn't bad or anything, but just not my thing. The Camarones a la diabla taco was delicious and had the bite as advertised, and the Ahi tuna taco was fantastic.I look forward to returning sometime to enjoy their happy hour.
4	Went on a Travelzoo voucher - what a find!!!!! The beer batter fish taco was great!!! Enoyed the Chicken Fajitas, the taco combo plates. Looking forward to going back, will get my own beer batter fish taco next time and not split it with my boyfriend :-)  The waitress told me they have good specials all week.  Only complaint was the rice was dry.
5	Look, coming from the east coast I was never huge into Mexican food.  But let's just get real here....this place is THE BOMB.COM!  It's a tiny little spot tucked away in Old Town in a strip mall so it's pretty random.  From the moment that Cucumber Marg touched my lips...it was over.  Right now they also have the Cantaloupe Marg that is new for the summer and it is also glorious.  I mean, the only one I haven't liked was jalapeno and that's only because I don't like a hot kick to my beverages, I like them to refresh me not kick me! ;)  They also have the tequila challenge which I have yet to begin, but one day I will start !  You can get on the plaque as well as a t-shirt.  Legend says, if you go one step further you get happy hour (or half price, I can't remember) drinks for life!  Their street tacos are also D'LISH!  My favorite is the Tinga, shredded yummy chicken with their sauce and cabbage! Amaze.  I have tried the majority of them and have not been dissapointed. When it's nice out the patio is cute and quaint, not a bad spot to post up having some margs.  Otherwise, the vibe inside is also pretty great.  Bright and vibrant plus you can actually see the crowd rather than the alley outside where it's a bit more intimate. Overall, this place is BOMB - TRY IT !
4	Delicious, Affordable, and Nutritious.  OK maybe not that last part, but priorities people!  The Happy Hour is incredible (3-7 PM daily) plus Margarita Mondays and Taco Tuesdays.  It's a perfect place for a Mexican escape right in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.  Enjoy!
5	An awesome place for Taco Tuesdays.  I went to two different Mexican food places during my stay in AZ for Taco Tuesdays and Cien Agaves was wayyy better.  The tacos were delicious.  Add in a $2 brew and I was a happy camper.Service was better than most. Very upbeat restaurant.
3	Happy hour is the best thing about this place so far, because originally the prices are  a little high.  My husband had the big ass burrito and for $10 it was really small and full of a lot of rice.  We've also seen bigger burritos at say, Chipotle even. The quesedillas are good, but they're a bit too greasy, and the chicken is that shreddy texture that I don't really like.  I'd go back but for happy hour only, even though there's only one mixed drink that's half off and only appetizers are half off.
4	Killer taco selection & happy hour.  You can't go wrong with cheap tacos & beer.
4	Taco Tuesday. Probably the best one around. $1.50 for a shredded beef taco and that includes a crispy shell and lots of beef and even sour cream. The tecates are 2 bucks also. The bartender was very friendly and I had the bar to myself at 8:30pm (don't show up at 7pm). Free chips and salsa and the green salsa is the finest in the land.
5	The food was good, the wait staff very attentive and a big flirty (good thing!), but they have over cien tequilas! The diablo came robes was very good....spiccccccy!
2	My friend and I ate a decent lunch here. Although, it wasn't the best or even second best taco place I've been too. Taco Tuesdays only refer to one taco on the menu, that being shredded beef. We ordered four shredded beef tacos, two fish tacos. Tip: you may order soft corn tortilla tacos instead of the hardshell for the shredded beef. I preferred the fish taco over all the dishes I tried. In the end, I just picked out the meat and veggies and did not eat the rest of the soggy tortilla. We also ordered the house margarita. It was very satisfying! As it was a hot day, it did quench the thirst. Other than that, I'd say I would only come back for happy hour or if everything off the menu was half priced
2	Ok tacos and margaritas.  Nothing to write home about
5	Great service, great food, even better selection of tacos, recommended
4	Came tonight with some friends and got seated pretty quick, considering it was pretty busy. Service was decent and the food came out on time and correct. Water tasted unfiltered though, like tap on ice. Not so refreshing. Note for service staff, I'm in the biz too and understand it's busy for this smaller sized restaurant but slow down a little bit. Watched a girl run full sprint like a NFL try out into the kitchen through the double doors and could have done some real damage to herself or someone else. Remember, your on stage at all times and ppl are watching you. Tacos fiesta!
5	Great happy hour spot. 1/2 price drinks and appetizers. Friendly staff nice decor. Small enough to talk and enjoy. Highly recommend.
4	This is my go to place for a solid margarita night. Love their chicken quesadillas and the fajitas are good too. Go during happy hour, such good deals. The service is great, and all of the food is awesome. Only thing on the menu I don't like is the cheese crisp, it's like a weird version of a Mexican pizza or something, pass on that.
1	Horrible!! The food was gross, and after bringing me the wrong item twice the server didn't even offer to take my meal off the tab. We were the only table in there and the server messed up everyone else's order too. When it was time to pay he got every bodies tab wrong, he handed me my tab at 8:00 and then grabbed it out of my hand. By the time I payed it was 8:30 and I'm sure it was the wrong amount but by that time I just wanted to leave. Also they brought the birthday girl her cake after most if the party left.
5	This place is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale. They have a great wait staff, great food, and great drinks. You cant go wrong here. My favorite are the Tinga Chicken Tacos, and I like to wash it down with a Cadillac Margarita! If I'm with my girlfriend, we like to share the "Gigante" with is a 56 ounce margarita for $20! I take all my friends here who come to visit!
3	My girlfriend and I love CA.....but have a problem w staff that has an attitude especially Bartenders! This issue has surfaced quite a bit lately and overlooking it has become more difficult.  Hopefully mgmt. can see an opportunity to heighten the experience by finding people who enjoy their job BAR TENDING!
4	What's not to love about this place?  Many choices for great tasting tacos, great atmosphere and hot waitresses.  I swear mine must have been a super model!!! LOL, you can tell I was impressed.  This place has a nice menu with many choices, its a little high end as far as pricing, but the quality is very good with so many combinations of tacos that you can get.  The particular visit, I had one fish taco only because I ate before, but I have been here before and the food is excellent.  If in the area, definitely give it a try.
5	After a chaotic, drawn-out airport experience with my family and first air travel for my two infant nieces, we walked a few blocks of old town and thought cien agaves made the best walk by impression. Our seating needs looked doubtful at first, but the staff quickly scrambled to accommodate our party of six adults and 2 babies. The menu is full of everything you expect for Mexican and more, mainly a large variety of specialty tacos. I mainly enjoyed local craft beers, guacamole, and tacos. Great drinks, great food, great staff.
5	This place ROCKS! I've been here plenty of times before, but this experience from last Friday night was outstanding. We took my mom here for her birthday dinner. We called in for reservations & to see if we could reserve a booth 2 HOURS BEFORE we were going to go there- they said no problem! Upon arrival, we were seated at a reserved booth and our server, Diana N., spared no time to come and get our drink order! Let me just say, Diana N. made my mom's birthday extra awesome! She was a fantastic server and went above and beyond. She even gave us an amazing churro/icecream birthday dessert (I doubt they do that for everyone).  We definitely will be going back soon!
3	Heard they had the best tacos in Scottsdale. They were good - not great, but good. Great selection/choices. Chips-salsa weren't impressive (though the red salsa was noticeably better than the tomatillo). Tried 5 different tacos between 2 of us and found them to be just OK/good.
4	I like a laid back spot to watch Sunday football (with Sunday Football drink specials!) and an every day Happy Hour. How can you dislike a place like this? All in all I really like the lay out, the server we had was extremely friendly and the food was great. I love their metal star lights, the open floor plan (the above loft is really cool) and of course a more "modern mexican" feel. We ordered chips and guac, their complementary salsa and a friend got the nachos. We each had a Frozen House Margarita and the bill was only $28 between the three of us. The guacamole was really well made, nice and chunky with a good hint of lime and chopped up cilantro and tomato. The portions are massive for only paying half price! You can't go wrong with their specials with the amount of food and the strength of the booze you get. I've only been here one other time and again had a great experience. They have various taco options that are very good--not crazily adventurous but they will hit the spot and keep you satisfied. This is a nice little addition to Old Town, whether it's for drinks, sports or a little bit of both.
5	Great happy hour deals, great margaritas, great service. Definitely could become my favorite.
4	We tried several different tequilas and margaritas..not only were they all great the tacos were excellent. The little waitress was very friendly and checked on us pretty regular...we will be back!
3	solid tacos i love coming here on taco Tuesday for taco deals.  Great hard beef tacos for cheap
5	We are from Portland, Oregon and spent a week in Scottsdale during December 2013.  Of the 7 nights we dinned out, we went to Cien Agaves 4 nights.  Everything is absolutely excellent- including the service, prices and especially the quality of the food and drinks (the Happy Hour food menu and drinks are fantastic!).   The atmosphere and seating offer something for everyone.  Indoors for the music and energy, outdoors for the wonderful desert air and a little more quiet while enjoying the warm heaters.  My only regret:  that Cien Agaves is not in my own city!  Check it out, you won't be disappointed!
2	A disappointment for sure. We are taco junkies - especialllly street tacos - but these were far from authentic. Bland, almost flavorless everything incluing the guac. The margarita was just ok too. The food was edible and the prices were good,  but overall we won't be making the trip back.
4	Great happy hour and tacos ... a definite stop for after work margaritas.
5	Ok, so I understand that there are others that don't agree with this rating, but I think this place is amazing!!!!  I have been here several times and their taco's are delicious.  On top of that, they have great appetizers and margaritas.  Hit this place up during happy hour and try the guac and ceviche.   Let's not forget the best item at Cien Agave which is their habanero margarita.  Absolutely amazing!!!
2	Came here for the first time last night-- was with a group of about 15 for a birthday dinner. We all met up at about 8 pm, so the dinner rush was over, and the place had more empty tables than occupied.Here is why I feel this place is 2-star worthy.-Waitress was a really nice girl, but the food and drink ordering was very poorly orchestrated.-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.-Food was coming at different times. By the time the other end of the table had gotten their food, we were done eating.. even though we all ordered at the same time.-My order was not correct. I was hungry and ate it anyway. When I told the waitress, she brought out the correct food for me and didn't charge me for it (which I insisted otherwise).. I thought that was really nice.-The food itself was just mediocre. Living in AZ, you know good mexican food. This place misses the mark.Just an ok place. Maybe I would have had a different experience if it weren't a group venture.
1	Cant give negative stars.  So got this walked in with a meal that followed my diet and was going to get drinks and they told me I had to eat my meal outside on the curb. Fail fail fail
1	Service wasn't great.  Tacos were just okay and we had SPOILED guacamole. It was rancid. Gross!   Not sure what all the hype is about. This place is a bar too, more of a club/bar rather than a restaurant where you want to go to enjoy a meal.  I wouldn't go back.
1	Do not eat here!! I felt something hard and sharp in my fish tacos and luckily I spit it out.  It was a hard, sharp, plastic bread tie.  I could have slit my esophagus.  Although our waiter was apologetic, the owner could have cared less!
4	It's called 100 Tequilas, it's gotta be worth a shot, right? I've been here more than a few times and was pleased each time. This place is kind of tucked away on one of the many side streets in Old Town Scottsdale but it's worth the trip. I love that they have happy hour DAILY from 3p-7p. You can literally have a few margaritas ($3.50) and half price appetizers or ($1.50) tacos by yourself for about $25. I went there on a Sunday afternoon with 2 other ppl and we ordered about 7 appetizers, 9 margaritas, a dessert and coffee for a little over $60 and we were all full.All in all, the food was pretty decent as were the drinks. I'd come here again to just hang out with a few ppl, watch sports on the many TV's and have a few drinks.
5	The out-of-town family wanted Mexican, so we took them here. Since I don't eat meat, I'm not a fan of most Mexican restaurants because there is a limited selection for me. Here, the waitress recommended the shrimp and veggie tacos--both were great. And, I could even eat the refried beans (because there was no lard in it)! We all got Cadillac Margaritas and everybody was very pleased with their food. I also appreciated that they were so diligent about the reservation, a party of 8. They gave us a table upstairs that was private and spacious. For someone who doesn't typically consider getting Mexican food, it says a lot that I'm looking forward to going back here in the near future.
1	the service what horrible. Come on. That is part of the reason we go out to eat. Bad experience. The Food less than expected.  Im not saying this to hurt the business but to help them understand this is not how you treat customers. Food - salsa was watered down. The food was just ok.
2	Great margaritas and a nice happy hour, but was not impressed with the food. We had to ask for the free chips and salsa, and the tacos were just blah
4	The service was a little iffy. No water refills the entire time. The food was great though. Los Nachos were a great appetizer to share with the table. The Big Ass Burrito is probably the best burrito I have had, but it was a little heavy on the tortilla side. My first bite was only tortilla which was a disappointment. The rest of the burrito made up for it though. Only Mexican restaurant that I've ever been to that didn't serve chips and salsa.
5	Absolutely love their tacos and happy hour!!! happy hour every day so come early to get a good spot! the crunchy tacos are the best! Try the house margarita too! Will deff be heading here at least  2-3 times a month for happy hour!
1	This is when you wish Yelp had a 0 star option. On the surface, this restaurant has 3-star appeal. My husband and I were excited to enjoy a well-crafted margarita with some upscale tacos, and we left satisfied with our experience. Yet, when my husband wound up with an awful bout of food poisoning that kept him in bed for the entire next day, we instantly regretted our experience. Being on vacation, this wound up costing us expensive tickets to two spring training games and time with our friends that we hadn't seen in years. When I called the restaurant to alert them of the issue in their kitchen, the manager was rude and accusatorial. The manager said it was impossible that the food poisoning came from them, because it takes 24 hours for food poisoning to occur. When I mentioned that the Mayo Clinic disagrees and that it only takes hours, she went as far as arguing the Mayo Clinic's research.She said that the restaurant requires customers to get a doctor's note verifying that the food poisoning came from their food. Well, since it was 7:00 on a Friday night and we were trying to salvage what was left of our shortened vacation, we weren't trying to pay $500 for an unnecessary ER visit. Food poisoning is bad, yet Cien Agaves' customer service is worse.
3	This aint' the Ritz, but it is a cool place to grab grub after a Spring Training Giants game.   My son and I had nachos (high quality, btw) and beer after a game.  Perfect.  We'll be  back next year.Go Giants!
4	Very good and we even ordered our dinner as take out! Three of us ordered a ten taco package. At first, I did not think it would be enough; however, I was full after eating 3 tacos. The carne Asada and chorizo with potato was fantastic! Note: the menu on yelp is not an updated menu. Also, the pico is spicy (one of my friends does not like spicy things).  Would have been 5 stars if we got rice and beans with this which I thought was supposed to come with the dinner.Great food.
5	The tacos are top notch.  I have had most of them and can't pick just one to say it is the best! I do like the fish taco. The avocado margarita is fantastic as well!  I doubt you can find these in many places.
1	I ordered three tacos and all 3 were downright lousy.  Can't remember the last time I had food this bad.  The shrimp taco was overbreaded and in a sickly sweet sauce, the shredded beef taco was very tiny and thankfully, I can't remember what the third taco tasted like.To the reviewer who posted that these tacos are top notch.... what are you smoking?I waited forever to get my food and saw numerous other people who came in after me get their food.  Waiter was MIA. Not coming back....ever.
4	A few friends, my husband and I met up here on a Friday night for dinner and drinks. Arrived before happy hour ended, so enjoyed some guac and chips and a Dos Equis before the real meal. I had a fajita salad with chicken. The lettuce and veggies were fresh and the mango-pineapple vinaigrette was great! My husband had 2 Tinga tacos and they seemed a bit small; you'd think 2 tacos would be enough to fill you up but he was still hungry after finishing them. We stayed for almost an hour and a half just enjoying each other's company and the service was good the whole time.
4	I went here for the first time as a part of a Yelp event for new hires. My friend Amanda just got hired so I was especially excited to be able to share the experience with her. We went during the afternoon, and it had a very laid back vibe, which I really enjoyed. I only had a beer and some tacos (which were AMAZING!) so my overall experience was somewhat limited. But in the short time i spent there I was definitely impressed, and will be back very soon.
5	We go here for dinner about 1-2 times a month and decided to have our wedding rehearsal dinner here a couple weeks ago.  There were about 30 of us.  We were impressed, and didn't expect everything to run as smoothly as it did.  Not only was the food fantastic, but the service was exceptional.  Amanda took great care of us, she knew exactly when drinks and food needed to be refilled without reminders.  The tinga tacos were delicious and the chocolate churro tower was amazing!
5	I first came here many years ago and remembered the happy hour food was good, so on a recent trip back to Scottsdale, I was in need of some good food but didn't know where to turn. I was one block away from Cien Agaves, so I came back to try it again. I got the two taco special with soft flour shell and carne asada. Comes with typical beans and rice. These are without a doubt the most flavorful tacos I've ever had. It's like a taste explosion! I think some of that comes from the fresh guacamole they put on the tacos.  All their other food looked great too, and people seem to love it.  Definitely give it a try. There's a reason they've been here in business so long!
3	Tequila tasting can we taste some tequila next time.. was a fun experience but the tequila wasn't even a half a shot
3	Decent food and service..did a tequila tasting and the vendors were extremely stingy..maybe next time they ask the vendors to give at least half an ounce?  I'll give them one more chance..
2	This was our first (and last time) going here. We wanted a taco Tuesday. A friend recommended it to us. We sat for at least 15 with nothing. Got our drink order filled. No chips or water for us. Food was just okay. Couldn't order desert cause nobody told our server the kitchen was closed. Too many other places to go than to go through that again...
4	Great tacos, especially the carne asada.  Took advantage of the happy hour specials, half off.  Great atmosphere, highly recommend!
5	Last night was my third time to this fresh and well-spirited (both figuratively and literally) tequila bar. It has not disappointed...Aside from the pretty but grumpy hostess, I have nothing but praise and accolades. The tacos have been amazing each time, the fajitas had that smell that just makes you inhale and savor, and the tequila collection is probably the best I've seen - over 100, mostly high end blancos, repos, anejos and even some of the best (still in production) XAs around. 100 tequilas in a year and you're considered royalty with a picture on the bar and happy hour pricing for life - if you're from Phoenix why aren't you already there? Heck, I only come into town now and then but I'm aiming high. Like I said, the best shelf around. The servers have been super friendly and attentive, the 'tenders each time have stopped mixing just long enough to say "hey" when we walked in. I'm giving the service 4.9 stars (just that hostess that one time...)Parking is easy, the place is fun. If you haven't come for a tequila pour yet, you're missing out.  "DJ 1942 neat, please?"
3	Chips and tacos are must haves - the margaritas looked great as well! Chipotle chicken quesadilla was okay. Stay away from the sangria- wasn't fresh or that good. Overall above average!
4	The Happy Hour here is a yes. Their Margarita's are pretty damn good and so was the appetizer I had, the tostada.I like that they have happy hour everyday unlike a lot of places which only have it on the weekdays.
4	Cien Agaves is my "go to Mexican." The prices are great. I love their ahi salad, vegetable fajitas (ask for light oil on the veggies), and the tacos. There are so many choices of tacos. Another must have is a margarita. I have yet to try one that I don't like. The cucumber is amazing, especially on a summer day. I have always had quick and good service here.
3	Late night tacos were almost as good as happy Hour prices. Make sure you request the free chips and salsa because the waitress does not suggest or offer them. The grilled chicken taco is more of an american version with guacamole, while chicken Tinga has that red semi-spicy stuff cooked into the chicken. The potato and green chili taco I tried was nothing special and the green salsa was off it's game on this visit. Still a good atmosphere, but stick to the basic tacos. Also, the side of rice I ordered was very mushy and overcooked - somebody needs to try the food in the back before it rolls out.  Taco Tuesday might be the ticket, but they should offer a choice of meat on that day, not just beef.
5	Taco selection was great! Enjoyed the Local margarita and Blackberry mojito! Shelby was an amazing waitress!! Thank you for a great experience!
3	I recommend mainly for the fish tacos and VERY AWESOME margs.  I do love them margs here.  It's one of my two "go-to" marg spots in Old Town Scottsdale (the other being The Mission).  Happy hour is the beset value, and my family and friends LOVE the crispy chicken $2.00 Tinga Tacos they have during happy hour.  I've been here numerous times, at various times of happy hour, and my sister (who LOVES this place) had her graduation party upstairs.  That was very nice.  Them margs will kick your ass.  Prickly Pear is nice, as is the Cadillac, and the organic marg is a treat as well.Interior looks like it's off the set of The Peach Pit from Melrose Place in Mexico City.  Outside patio is nice, especially in spring/fall at the fire pit.No matter what, I always seem to come back.  Waiting to get a glimpse of Tori Spelling lurking in the back...
4	Four stars because I've only been here once and I've become a bit careful with the doling out of stars.  That said, my husband, mom-in-law and I had lunch here last week and we thought the tacos and the margaritas were spot on!  I lived in Phoenix some 20+ years ago and the *good* Mexican restaurants in Phoenix became my benchmark for Mexican food.  Granted, all we ate here (at Cien Agaves) were the tacos, rice and beans but, it's surprising how easy it is to mess up a taco.  I sampled the grilled ono, shredded beef and I think the carne asado taco.  All were good but my favorite was the shredded beef... I had a moment with that one.. (picture the scene in Disney's Ratatouille when the food critic samples Remy's ratatatouille).  I was transported to 1986.The margaritas we had deserve their own paragraph.  They use fresh ingredients and it shows!  One look at the first page of the menu and you know THEY know their tequila.  Find out when happy hour is as we learned you can get some very good deals.
3	Decent food. Terrible portions. Overpriced.
4	Swung by on a hot summer Saturday. I only got to see the downstairs, but it was nice and cool inside and the staff was really friendly. Great margarita. I got "the local" and it was delicious! Try it!!
1	I have been to cien agaves many times. Last night was extremely disappointing to me. My boyfriend pulled a long black hair out of his fajita, which, our waitress had her hair down, and had long black hair. We informed her about the hair, she said, I will be right back. Only to go see, that she put her hair up before speaking with her manager about it. He comes up to the table. Is completely rude to us. Asks us to show the hair after my boyfriend had flinged it to ground in disgust. Needless to say, after how rude they were about it, I will never be going again
5	Been here several times.  Margaritas are great.  Happy hour is a great deal with half price appetizers.  Look forward to coming here any time I am in town.
4	Stopped in for a drink on our first visit here. We live in Litchfield Park and are exploring the area. Old town is touristy but cool.I'm a big tequila fan and Cien Agaves offers over 100 tequilas! I was tempted to try them all but only had the house margarita which they claim is the best in town. I'd like to say it was the best house margarita I've ever had. I also ordered the happy hour special tacos. They were well made and delicious. We were pleased with this pub and will return very soon.
3	I dislike reviews that mention partial stars...until I have to write one that hits a gray area, so there I am with Cien Agaves. Guilty with indecision and admission that I have to clarify my selection with a more accurate rating of 2.5 stars. Really, I have had better. And it's also ok. For the price and location in Old Town, it's not too bad.The food is just ok (that is...rounding up to "just ok"). The chips and salsa are pretty good with the cumin-strong tomatillo standing out over the red. The guac is also nice and a bit too addicting. The tacos are nothing to rave about, and actually I'm not likely to order them ever again, but I've enjoyed a salad or two with grilled fish. While most people rave about the happy hour, the food options are meat-centric so not much to choose from on those deals for a veg/fish eater. But at least the margaritas are cheap.The atmosphere on a weekend night is pretty energetic and the margaritas have a nice, fresh (aka no mix) quality. Not much by way of beer selection though. For diners that aren't super picky about Mexican food and don't mind the grease, this is a solid option. If you're more akin to the taste of say Gallo Blanco, meet your unpicky friends here and stick with the booze with some chips and salsa to tide you over.
5	This place is awesome!   The margaritas are unbelievable,  especially the cucumber margarita.   And the fajitas are the best I've had at any Mexican restaurant.
4	Appetizers were half price!!!Ceviche was deliciousQueso with porkChorizo pizzaShredded chicken taco!It was sooo good!!!
5	Place is amazing!!! Get the potato tacos. Service is always great. Happy hour margaritas are reaaaallllllyyyy bomb
3	Came here not knowing what to expect. I don't drink, so the abundance of alcohol (mostly tequila) was not something that enticed me about this establishment. Customers who drink would probably enjoy it more. Pretty cool design inside though. The tacos are pretty good, the rice isn't great, but the black beans are delicious.
4	Went here several Sundays ago for a brunch. Gotta say, LOVE love LOVE all of the decor! Think Latin American culture crossed w/gothic shit (i.e. colorful skulls and masks), plus it's before Halloween/Day of the Dead, soo you can see eery blood stained-stickers on the tequila posters in the bathroom. Love that touch!I ordered the Hangover Burrito (even though I didn't have one). Was not disappointed! It weighed about 2.5 lbs (I swear) and looked like a toddler's leg. I pumped 3 solid meals out of the fried piece of heaven. Had everything AND MORE stuffed inside.Service was ehhhhh. Maybe the gal was new, but just kind of felt she was bothered by our table and sort of "sneery" tude/vibe coming from her. Dunno but I still gave her decent tip.Will be back for more fried goodness. Soon.
4	I found this place on Yelp when I typed in "Mexican Food" when we got into Scottsdale after our flight from KC.  To start - the margaritas were quite good! The BF ordered the Cadillac and I had the skinny margarita but added strawberries to it.  Both were delish.We started with the chorizo cheese crisp and it was HUGE. So good though! I had a carne asada taco along with a side of rice for dinner and the BF had the pork tacos. We loved everything.It was a little pricey but I guess that's what you get for having 3 margs on your bill! We'd come back though!
4	Very good fresh guacamole and fabulous margaritas. Service great and very friendly. Nicely located in Old Town Scottsdale.  Would definitely recommend going here.
5	Great drinks great food
2	The food was a bit boring and the service not so good. It looked like there were a lot of people working there as a lot of people were going in and out of the kitchen. You could not tell if they were employees or not as almost everyone dressed differently. There were also some interactions between what I am guessing were employees that just was not appropriate in my opinion in a restaurant. Maybe I hit it on a bad night but I was not impressed in any way. It is a hole in the wall joint but they can be the best as well.
4	Best. Taco. Salad. In. Phoenix.Seriously, that stuff is amazing. This is probably because they make all of their own salad dressings. I get 2 or 3 of them on the side with every salad and that works so well for me. I get to taste a range of amazing flavors, appreciate the talent of their chef, while moderating the amount of extra calories I'm eating.Another plus? The steak on it is amazing. Lean, pink in the center and tender! I really have to give it to them for producing such an amazing salad. Puts everyone else in PHX to shame.
5	THE BEST! My friends and I have been coming here for a of couple years and it is hands down our favorite spot, especially for nice spring/summer days eating outside on the patio. The decor is great and the music is always perfect for the atmosphere.  The cucumber margarita is a must try and you can easily fill up on the chips and salsa.  I don't eat meat but my friends love the tinga tacos and I am a fan of the veggie tacos and fajitas. The guacamole and nachos are also great! They have a vast selection of tequilas and a tequila hall of fame.  If you want to make the hall of fame just ask the bartender how and they'll give you all the details. It's a great way to explore and find your favorite tequila.  They also have lots of events and specials like taco tuesdays and margarita mondays.  I take all friends and family from out of town here and if/when I move, this will be the place I miss and crave the most! :)
4	Cien agaves has some of the best tacos around.. My personal favorites are the shrimp island tacos (the sweet and spicy sauce is the key).  To get more bang for your buck you must order the tres tacos plater; it comes with 3 tacos of your choice, rice and beans for $12. Otherwise you will be paying $ 4.95 for each taco.They also offer the taco Tuesday deal.. $2 shredded beef tacos all day.
4	We had our rehearsal dinner here last Friday and everything was amazing! We had an entire upstairs area to ourselves! The bartenders were great! The food and Margaritas were awesome!
5	We live in Old Town and have been on several occasions over the last month. Great happy hour with freshly made guacamole and appetizers half price. The servers are cheery even when there is a large crowd. For those of us who like the Tex Mex variety this will whet your appetite. The cheese enchiladas are delicious and the menu has many taco choices. Wish they had beer on tap, but the house margaritas are special. Ask to sit in the courtyard, it is a sliver between two buildings with a great atmosphere, heaters and a fire pit. It is a great place to bring friends which we plan to do next week. Two types of salsa for salsa fans, red and green. Great job Cien A
4	When  I return to Scottsdale I  really enjoy returning to Cien Agaves. The atmosphere is fun and vibrant. The waitresses are all hot. They have a great deal on  taco Tuesdays. They have a wide selection of drinks. I really enjoy the blackberry mojito and the perfectly Arizonan yet exotic prickly pear margarita.The service is quick and you get chips and salsa before the meal. It's a great place to  meet friends and have a  pleasant evening when you are in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	How can you not like this place?  Sure taco Tuesday can be crazy, but how can it not be for that kind of deal? Bartenders are attentive and always ready with a suggestion and a cold beer. Definitely check it out.
4	Awesome happy hour deal - their house margarita is about $2.50 (I think that's right) - a total steal for a pretty tasty margarita, accompanied by some tasty tacos.
