3	After a 2+ year vacancy following the closure of a decent restaurant, Jimmy's Cafe, and before then, the Summerlin location of Mama Jo's, FINALLY, we have another tenant in this seemingly difficult location.  The SUSHI's other location is about as far as you can get in the LV Valley, located at 95 and Horizon Ridge, so it makes sense that the Sushi would try its luck at this location in the older part of Summerlin.My family and I visited last night (encouraged by a 50% off coupon received in the mail), and consumed quite a bit of food.  I can't say anything stood out as "extraordinary", but the sushi was fresh enough, and the kitchen entrees (beef teriyaki and kids' bento box) were as good as they usually are.  Maybe a little too sweet on the Teriyaki sauce.  And we were dismayed that the Short Ribs were not available.  The udon noodles were ok, too, though we had to remind our server that they were supposed to come with Tempura shrimp (so they cooked that up separately).  I ordered the Chirashi (sashimi morsels sprinkled atop a bowl of rice), and they did a good job...though I may have been the first one to order this since they opened!My only gripe with The Sushi, I suppose, could be a reflection of my age and traditional Japanese roots (I was born in Japan, and my Mom is native Japanese).  Here in 2010, it seems like SUSHI can only be paired with drinking shots (sake or otherwise), boisterous sushi chefs, and...well...again, I show my age, but the whole Gen-X (and later) ambiance.  There was a huge 72" screen TV airing a video of a concert (with sound volume to match) on one wall...and, back to the food, 3/4 of the menu seemed to be an attempt to come up with the latest and greatest mixture of cream-cheese, ponzu sauce, different fish roe, and jalapeno flavors....to justify roll names like "Cocaine" or "Something Special #1".  Whatever happened to traditional JAPANESE sushi...served in a more tranquil, if not quite "Zen" setting?We'll be back, since this is not only the closest Sushi place to our home, but the closest restaurant to home of any kind...but for once, it would be refreshing to see a Sushi/Japanese restaurant strive for authenticity instead of trying to push every frenetic boundary as an excuse to attract the next party to its establishment.So go ahead...call me an old fogey!  But...this may be a little telling since their Lake Mead location (corner of Rampart) is a bit removed from the "singles" epicenters...and dangerously close to a blanket of *real* elderly clientele (much older than me LOL)...and that's the Del Webb Sun City crowd.  I would be thrilled to see The Sushi maybe tone down the noise level and 'flash', and try for a little more subdued, quality presentation of Japanese food.  But that's just me.
4	Went to try it out with the 50% off coupon they mailed to near residents it was pretty good. Turns out they've only been open for 3 weeks and they dont have AYCE and they dont have Happy hour specials yet:[ boo! But I am a fan this place after eating there a couple of nights ago I knew i was going to come back! The place was quite spacious from your typical sushi joint and the interior is beautiful. They also had a big screen so we got to watch the basketball game. The staff was very friendly they made sure that our cups were full and attended to us every 5 minutes or so. The chef was friendly too, made you feel real welcome. They had a menu for sushi rolls on the table and they hand you their regular menu if you want, and they have the pencils and sushi order pad ready on the table. We ordered the hot woody roll( a must if you love soft shell crab) yummy. The calamari roll, and this other roll with softshell crab, albacore on top and garlic ponzu sauce..DELICIOUS! I also had 1 order of Sake nigiri to try the freshness and it was pretty fresh and they gave generous slices. They had a wide range of sushi rolls and all of them look yum! Too bad this place does not look like theyre going to welcome AYCE sushi anytime soon but I'll be back for sure.
2	**Review Edited 7/20/2010 - Previously had 5 stars, now only 2**I **used to** LOVE the SUSHI!I have been a few times, and each time it is clean, the servers are very nice and fairly quick, and the food **was** TO DIE FOR. We always order sushi, and I haven't tried any of their regular menu items except the seaweed salad (YUM, I get it to go so I can eat it the next day at work).The place is very clean. Sometimes you walk into a sushi joint and it smells like fish. GROSS! It is nicely decorated and a very pleasant atmosphere. The staff is wonderful. I have chatted with the owner a few times, and she is there often (even with another location in Henderson). The sushi chefs **were** loud and boisterous, which is a blast, and if you would rather have a quiet night, you can just sit in a booth, where the servers are efficient and very nice. **But tonight we went, and Jjanga and Woody were gone!!!!!! I was not thrilled with the new sushi chefs. They were very nice, but their sushi was nothing like Jjanga's or Woody's; the new sushi is your typical, generic, anywhere sushi.**The food: I was a fan of another sushi restaurant for many years, and would only eat sushi there, but when we got the 50% off for nearby residents, I decided to venture out, and now The SUSHI **was** the ONLY place I **would go, until now**! There are tradiditonal rolls, sashimi, and some of their specialty rolls have hilarious names with super tasty and inventive ingredients. A few of my favorite rolls (of the ones I have tried so far): The Nevada Roll, What The Heck #1 and #2, The Hot Woody, the Jjanga rolls (every one of the "Jjanga's Rolls" and "Woody's Rolls" are awesome), **(Note, now you cannot get ANY of the previously mentioned rolls made correctly - the new chefs read the old menu and try to make them, but they never turn out.)**, and Who's Your Ex-Wife?. Get anything with the spicy garlic ponzu sauce and you will be a happy camper, trust me!**I am really disappointed in my last trip to The SUSHI, and I don't really feel inclined to go back. As we sat at the sushi bar, we heard no less than five people ask for rolls from the old menu, as we did, and then were disappointed with their orders. I don't know what happened, but The SUSHI really lost out when they lost Jjanga and Woody!!!**
4	Went here with hubby on Saturday and really enjoyed the sushi.  In fact the best sushi we've had in Vegas!We started with the Rolley Katsu which was crab and some kind of cheese rolled in bread crumbs and deep fried with eel sauce YUM! We then had the candy cane roll also delicious with spicy Tuna inside and different color fish on the outside, very good.  Then we had sushi mi salmon yellow tail and albacore, all were very fresh and good quality.We went at lunch time and there was no loud noise as others have complained about.
3	went back with my boyfriend and suggested the hot woody roll but we couldnt find it in the menu:[ i asked the server and she gave us the old menu and i found it!! i was raving about this roll till it came.. it was different this was not the sushi roll that i had when it first opened it was good but not deliciously good like the old one. eh then i read the other reviews and figured out that they changed chefs.. boo! boo! sushi's still good they have a great choice of menu still, i just wish they still made their previous rolls the right way.
5	My boyfriend and I love The Sushi! It is, in my opinion, the best sushi place, we have eaten at in Las Vegas. (The 4 minute drive from my house to The Sushi isn't too bad either!) They have the BEST Screaming O I have tasted. It is so perfectly made, and pretty too! Also, their nigiri sushi is so fresh, and they give decent slices of it. I love the Banzai Roll, it's a very simple roll with shrimp tempura, crab, and various green things, wrapped in soy paper, and rice, and finally drizzled with eel sauce! Depending on which sushi chef is making it, you might also get a creamy sauce on top as well. Which is a little unneccessary, because I don't think it changed the flavor of the roll at all. Also, The Tastes like My Ex-Girlfriend is also a great roll if you're looking for a little bit of spice in a roll. I am not a huge spicy fan, but, it is the perfect amount of kick for me! The wait staff is so nice, and they are very competent. I highly recommend this place to all of my friends.
1	I got a to go order for a combo of chicken teriyaki and beef teriyaki and it came with a little scoop of rice and the salad was horrible.Only a few little pieces of chicken and beef! It was a total ripoff and guess what?$10.95 for the whole combo!!!! I'm never going there again! Oh and if u want good sushi and stuff go to yummy grill sushi. Man that place is bombing! P.S. not literally.
3	I don't hit Summerlin much since it's the opposite side of town but the plan with the gf was sushi. We had plans for another place but we showed up and it was closed. Okay, let's try The Sushi across the street.   Clever name, by the way (NOT)! Once we get inside we realize it's not AYCE (minus one star). On the plus side the server was good about refilling drinks around closing time and the sushi chefs were awesome! Fat ass cuts of salmon or whatever your pleasure. Just didn't seem to be the freshest. Good spot overall.
4	Went there for lunch this week, as I heard about the new $12.99  AYCE lunch promotion.   I was very happy with the selections of rolls on the AYCE menu. Nigri sushi extra but very reasonable... Very friendly waitress and sushi chefs... Overall a terrific lunch option for those in Summerlin.  Great value!! I will be back and soon..
4	Went here for the AYCE 12.99 sushi lunch special. The special is for rolls only, of which they have about 20 to select from, so you're going to find something you'll want to eat. Nigri is 50cents a piece, appetizers are 75 cents to 2 bucks. So it's SERIOUSLY cheap. Service was fine, if a little slow. My rolls were fresh and tasty. The only complaint I have about the food is that they use enough rice in one roll to feed an orphanage for a MONTH. Seriously, WAY too much rice. However, considering the price, it's something you kind of expect, so it deosn't detract much. If you aren't ready for AYCE, they also have cheap bento boxes and some sushi combos. GREAT lunch specials. Will definitely be back!
3	Pricing is kinda wack/misleading
4	All i have to say, is yummm!  Had my usual tempura appetizer & an order of chirashi, yumm-o!  They never cease to amaze me!
5	I have been to the Sushi about 6 times within the past few months. This place just keeps getting better and better.....I was never that much into Rolls before, but their creations are incredible.....and if you just want Sashimi or Nigiri, the quaility is excellent.. I have been to many other Sushi Restaurants/Bars in Las Vegas, and around the world, and this place is at the top of my list... Great Friendly Service.....Clean and Nice atmosphere.. and of course, Fresh High Quality Fish...
5	This is my new sushi AYCE place.I ate here 4 times just in 2 month.only $17.95 for luch, $20.95 for dinner.their rolls are so good and fresh.- If you like soft shell crab or sweat sauce try their starbucks roll. - If you like spicy, try die hard! chef will give you choice of the suace 1 to 5 - If you are fan of rainbow roll, try candycane roll you will like it.- If you cannot eat sushi,they have big appetizer menu like Korean bulbogi, salmon kama, teriyaki, mushroom cap, ramen, tempura, and baked mussels (what I liked about their mussel is that they don't put too much sauce like other restaurents so you can taste actual mussel not the yum and eel sauce.)If you like to add nigiri, it is extra $4 for nigiri all U can eat.I had uni, amaebi, Ikura with quail egg, yellotail, garlic tuna, and salmon sushi and everything was so fresh. The service was GREAT too.the waitress refilled my beverage frequently, checked if everything was ok in our table.
5	Was in Vegas visiting a friend who lives near here.  What a great place!  All you can eat sushi, with interesting selections, and each were very well presented .. not your typical stuff.  Great price too.. people were nice too, authentic japanese-run place.  Nice atmosphere and flatscreens at the sushi bar too..
3	Came here yesterday, Monday, 3/5/12 and it was our first time here. We got here early but they were nice enough to let us in and order drinks while we wait for the restaurant to actually open.The place was very clean and it has a nice layout. I really liked the ambience. Our waitress, Sunny was super nice and helpful. She gave us recommendations, she knew what we were talking about when it came to sushi and had this really cool personality, the way a waitress should be. The sushi here is really good I must say. I really like the fact that they had the Salmon Skin Roll, which we just LOVE. They had fresh oysters which were very delicious and fresh (that's very important). Two other dishes we just LOVED was their Salmon Collar and Mushroom Cap. I loved their Edamame because it's served warm where as in most Sushi restaurants they serve it cold. We are definitely coming back, the place is clean, the staff is very nice and helpful and the prices are good. My ONLY drawback is that they do NOT serve half rolls, which in my opinion...sucks!, haha but only because by ordering a full roll you obviously get full quicker and then you dont get to try more of their delicious sushi.
4	My husband and I eat and the Sushi about twice a month.  The sushi rolls are always fresh, the chef's accomodating, and the decor is really nice.  I was skeptical that the sushi wasn't as fresh when they turned AYCE but we tried it last Friday and it was still delicious.  The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because a couple times our bill was screwed up. I think they need some help marketing the business....
5	AYCE!  I love you already...And with sushi rolls named Salmon Ass, Screaming "O", Ex-Girlfriend, Fat Ass, Who's Your Daddy, and Wet Dream, who wouldn't love you?Let's see, what did I eat?  Baked Green Mussels - This used to be a secret menu item at a restaurant in Harwood Heights, but now I see it everywhere.  However, not all places make it quite to my tasting, but the Sushi does a fine job.  Could use some masago mixed in with the mayo, just saying....Tuna Poki - Kind of like a seaweed salad with some raw tuna cubes thrown on, topped with green onions.  I was expecting it to be Hawaiian style tuna poke, where the fish makes up the bulk of the dish, but having it this way made less full than if I ate a bowlful of tuna.Fried Gyoza - Fried crispy, and filled with pork and chicken, this is one of my favorite appetizers to eat at any Japanese restaurant.Shrimp tempura - Cooked perfectly, which to me is undercooked, because I love a crispy light textured batter with the soft shrimp inside the tempura shell. The sauce accompanying the shrimp was very delicately flavored.Japanese Hot Chicken - described as fried, seasoned chicken.  It was pretty much fried, seasoned chicken.  Although, I was expecting drumettes, this was a flat piece of breast cut diagonally.  Juicy cut of meat with minimal extras.  It was good, it tasted so clean, I don't even know how to describe it.Salmon Collar - This is the area of the fish right behind, or under (depending on how you look at it) the head of the fish.  What I love about the collar of any fish is that they have this wonderful fat content which makes it seem buttery, but instead of bad butterfat, you get wonderful Omega 3!  More taste, less guilt!  Lightly dressed with Ponzu sauce.   Spicy Tuna Crunch - One of the last things I ate, it was sort of like a spicy tuna roll deep fried to a golden crisp.  Korean Bulgogi with Rice - It was a little oily for me, but I'm a sucker for sweet tasting thinly sliced ribeye on top of rice.  This was actually the first thing I ate, and I probably should have saved it for last.  Rice is the archenemy of the all you can eater. I had a few pieces of the rolls, I just don't remember which ones since I didn't actually order them myself, but they were all very inventive and freshOther than the food, the best part of the dining experience here was the music playing in the dining room.  How else do you explain hearing country, hip hop, and Skrillex all in the same hour?  Awesomeness, that's how.
4	I read about 10 Reviews and my 15yo son's reccomendation before finally going here. I was looking for AYCE Sushi and did not wan't to travel far (we live 5 min. away).The greeting was the usual and our server had a fair command of the English language. I had a "Screaming O" which is a Salad with a bit of lettuce, Daicon Curls and Seared Tuna with a funky Masago Mayo on top. Rather big but very good, then I got into Rolls I had Candy Cane, and then a Spicy One that was great but a good amount of heat on. In the meanwhile I ordered some Nigiri Suhi and was automatically told that it was an extra $$.00 for Nigiri....no problem, Got Hamachi (yellow tail), (Salmon),( Ikura) and Garlic Tuna..all very soft and fresh, no complaints.The food was delivered scary fast, maybe because it was a slow Sat. night, I read that some people have had problems with Language of server and yes the English of one girl was broken at best, but the message got through and all in all I will return...maybe next week!
5	Read the reviews and decided to give it a try. The decor is nice and the waitress was very pleasant.  We had the baked muscles and a few of the rolls.  The death valley, Cucumber roll, the daisy and fat ass were all very good.  3 of us ate for 70.00 that encluded drinks, sushi and desert.  Was not disappointed and will be going back again.
4	What a deal for lunch, go hungry! Best value.
5	OMG! It took me a long time to try this place and man I regret it. I always thought it was a tiny place, to my surprise its huge! It is modern Japaneses decor, good for gatherings and dates. Definitely will be returning.We had the Who's Your Ex Wife, Ex Girl Friend, OMG, Lake Mead, and Ninja all rolls were delicious.
4	** TASTY LOCAL SUSHI**This shopping center has had a rash of restaurants over the last decade, I hope this one stays around. I have been coming here at least once a week the last 6 months.They keep fresh quality fish in stock and they Chef's create some unique dishes I have not had anywhere else.The "Utah Roll" is one such creation that is absolutely delicious. Also the Spicy Tuna Cracker is great. The service here is also very good. I walk in and I dont even have to order becuase they know what I am drinking and what appatizers I will be orders.
5	The  staff is so friendly, always great service. I have eaten sushi here 8x and never had a bad meal. Great value and everything is delicious! Love the Tiger Roll and Salmon lover.
4	I recommend this place, but have not gone here recently.  My daugther loves the sushi here. So when she's in town, I take her here.  -Place is quiet usually.  Been here for lunch and dinner, never busy.-Couple of TV's and since it's quiet enough, I'm usually able to change the channels. -Always great service here.  -Price is average, but the sushi is fresh.-AYCE on par with most.  What I've Tried:-Tiger Roll:  My favorite-Lasagna Roll:  Not too bad, just bad for you.-Golden California:  My daughter's favorite. -Utah Roll:  My 2nd Favorite-Teriyaki Chicken:  TastyThis place use to have one fo the cheapest AYCE lunch specials (around $12).  Last time I was here, it' was gone.  Hopefully it comes back.
3	Excellent service - very attentive and pleasant.  AYCE sushi and appetizers for $20.95 is a great price.  $3 Sapporo.  If you want AYCE nigiri, it is $4 extra. I took the advice of other yelpers and ordered some tried and true favorites.  I noticed that the Utah roll that many spoke of is not listed on the menu.  It's a special order roll that is made for regulars, but they happily made it for me on my first visit and included it in the AYCE price.  They warned that it was spicy, but I didn't find it to be - maybe they made the white girl version for me, not realizing that my palate can take the heat.I was dining alone on a Wednesday night.  The place had light, but steady customer traffic.  They made me feel very welcome.  I really don't like it when I'm dining alone and the hostess and servers make you feel alienated because you're dining alone when they can't resist the urge to comment on your solo status - just you? ohhhh, and so on.  The fish was fresh and the rolls were good, but I can't honestly say that they were great.  They could use more sauce and a dash of creativity and spice.  Don't be afraid to request extra sauce because it really did make a difference.
4	For our local sushi spot I love this place. This is just a stones throw away from our house and the pricing here is unbeatable. All you can eat is $20 if you don't want nigir and $25 if you do. The fish here always tastes fresh and the service is good. Your drinks are never empty and there is never a wait for a table.My favorite rolls are: What the hellSalmon AssSalmon Lover On the appetizer list you must try the spicey rice cracker! It is so good its ridiculous!! I've eaten here about 5 times, and only had one little hiccup, last night we ordered the Sushi Special Roll, and the tuna tasted kinda weird so we sent it back. The server was very apologetic and asked if we wanted anything else. This has only happened one time so I will still come back :)Overall a great price for how much food you can get!!
4	The Sushi's shimmering sign caught my attention so I finally made it a point to check this place out! The decor inside  is nice an calming with their tall booths.I don't often go for the "all you can eat "sushi because my husband who typically comes with me doesn't eat "that stuff". I hate pigging out in front of him while he eats a salad but I had to this time. The price was cheap 20.95 for all you can eat but I knew I couldn't eat more than two rolls. It was still cheaper than buying them separately though. I had the Vegas Roll and the BBQ Roll. I love when places put meat on sushi rolls . It feels like a mini surf and turf meal! I love it! My husband may not like sushi but he couldn't  walk away from dessert . It was pretty cute and refreshing on a hot night!
3	Good sushi with all you can eat options.
5	This place is terrific! The all you can eat anything on the menu for $20 you can't beat that! The sushi is great. We try new rolls every time and we love the Starbucks roll. By far our favorite. The staff is wonderful they are very nice! I can't say anything bad about this place!! :)
4	Love this place! My sister and I go here when we have lunch dates. We usually always do the all you can eat (It's just makes more sense to) the Pearl Special is my favorite I must get it every time. The staff is always nice and our rolls are on point (really like the background music also). I never leave there disappointed, the only negative thing I've said was about the Baked Lasagna roll (our friend ordered one time) I just didn't like the combo but that's it.
1	So we were looking for an ayce sushi place on a Saturday night and called around to a few different places in Summerlin.  A lady answer the phone and said that their ayce is $20.95. Great price for the location! Well we get there and there is no one in the restaurant and upon further examination of the menu, it turns out their ayce is +$4.00 for Nigiri.  They don't tell you this on the phone and basically use the bait and switch to get you in the door.  After voicing my concern that I felt misled and lied to and requested they waive the $4, she came back and said the manager refused to authorize it.  We got up promptly and went across the street to Naka Sushi, which is not only cheaper but also had a better crowd and ambiance.  DO NOT GO. PRICES ARE MISLEADING AND MANAGEMENT REFUSES TO TAKE RESPONSIBILITY.
5	I had a great 1st visit and I will definitely be back. From the moment we walked in the door we were greeted with friendly smiles, the restaurant had modern, fresh vibe and everyone seemed to be having a great time. We did the all you can eat which was a deal at 20.95 for anything on the menu except nigiri. That was 4.00 more. The sushi was excellent. Great flavor, well presented by real sushi chefs. My husband and I will deffinately be back!
5	Prices are good. Really liked the tuna poki might be the best I've had here in Vegas. Vegetable fried rice was flavorful and delicious for just being a vegetable fried rice. The stir fried veggies they serve on the side of your entree platters is tasty, eat it right away because it taste best hot. The erotic bomba dessert is awesome try it. From the outside the restaurant looks like a hole in the wall but it's huge inside. The bathroom is immaculate. Best part my kids' loved their food and ate everything! They have AYCE prices for kids depending on age.
5	I'm no sushi aficionado, but this place is great.Everything we ate was wonderful. We did a late night AYCE, which was nothing short of amazing. I also feel a sushi joint's 'other' items should be worth something, and they are here. I loved the iced green tea more than the hot,which was also great, and the miso soup and soft shell crab were awesome.Was going to try the green tea mochi, but I realized how full I was after the tea! Next time I guess. Would definitely return, and probably for the AYCE again too.
4	YUM! I think we've definitely found our new favorite sushi joint here in Vegas! They have a great variety to choose from - I highly recommend the Spider roll - it will bring great happiness to your tastebuds! The ninja roll was crazy spicy with oniony flavor and the yum yum was a classic deliciousness. I wish they would do combination meals - and they could definitely secure our weekly patronage if they would incorporate a $1 or penny sake night :D
4	I frequently pay a visit to The Sushi-- which in my opinion has a great price for AYCE sushi. The prices were $17.95 for lunch and $20.95 for dinner--the best price I've seen yet! The only downside to the cheap pricing is that it doesn't include nigiri, but I personally LOVE ordering a bunch of rolls. I must say, I am guilty of judging a place based on how much bang you get for your buck, and here you get a long of BANG! Every time I come, I always start with a couple appetizers (poke and baked green mussels a must), and work my way through several orders of rolls. I pretty much stuff myself until I'm at the point of disgust, then safety order dessert--which is usually a bowl of coffee ice cream or strawberry mochi. YUM-O!
2	The Sushi's food was not so great. I would suggest not coming here if you're looking for some good sushi. I ordered the chicken teryaki. It bounced & looked like rubber. I was completely digusted and it looks like they bought frozen chicken from a grocery store. Don't order that. The fried rice wasn't so great. The spring rolls, however, were great! The vegetable roll, which my sister ordered, tasted like plastic. I strongly suggest you DON'T come here. Yikes!
4	You cannot beat the price for the quality.  I like the plum wine (it is a cheap plum wine but is tasty) and the selection of Asian beer.I love the roll names too.  My favorites are the Lasagna and Fat A$s rolls.
4	Very friendly staff. Delicious sushi. There a re a lot of sushi places in town.  This one is legit.
4	Reasonably priced AYCE sushi restaurant just north of Summerlin. Pretty good selection with a Korean kick makes this place worth trying. The service is great and the staff are quite friendly. Not too busy like some other sushi joints which means faster service without the long wait.
5	Update:  Yelpers MUST be getting "Naka Sushi" confused with "The Sushi" when "checking-in".  They are both at Lake Mead/Rampart, but are across the street from each other.  This HAS to be the case, b/c THE SUSHI is immensely better in quality, service, and decor.  I have been to both and there is no comparison. This place is bar none THE BEST SUSHI SPOT in Las Vegas. We have tried Kabuki, Kobe, Sushi Mon, Sushi Fever, Oyshi, Goyemon, Sushi Kaya, Sushi Bomb and even the "fine" sushi establishment at the Wynn Hotel, just to name a few. And no one satisfies our sushi fix like THE SUSHI. What do we look for? 1) Super fresh fish- check2) Artfully crafted Rolls- check3) Incredibly inviting/attentive staff- check4) Beautiful decor- checkI equate all other sushi restaurants to "wham bam, thank you ma'am, here's your fried rice cream-cheese fish concoction" now give me your $25. COME HERE and you will know and experience the difference. There's PRIDE in this restaurant. Something all the other spots have forgotten.*I have taken A LOT of pics of the rolls here because I am always so impressed with their work. * I didn't mention how much they were ON PURPOSE. I always tip well, bc I feel guilty, considering the great experience I feel we get.
1	I came here for the first time tonight with a friend. The food was ok besides the fact that they forgot the avocado on my Alaska roll. And they took forever to get my friends food out (45mins to be exact, so I ate alone then watched him eat as I was done). But we both got a desert and in mine was a dead beetle. I had to excuse myself to the restroom and my friend showed them the beetle. All we got was a I'm sorry. They didn't even take my desert off the bill and they ignored/avoided us the rest of our time in there. Being in the restaurant business myself, I know that's not the way to handle things. I'm totally disgusted with this place, and unsatisfied. My friend who is a regular there says he won't be going back either, just based on how they handled this situation.
1	So here we thought we found our new home for AYCE sushi yumminess, until this past Sunday. We came for dinner, we waited about10 minutes for a table for four though, in plain view there were tables/seats available to accommodate us, no biggie we waited patiently. There were only two servers, we rolled with the tide and practiced patience for i.e. water refills and order taking.The defining moment for us was...my husband paid the bill with plastic, our daughter left paper for the tip, she placed the tip at the inside of the table and not in the check holder. As we walked out, I heard the male server open the door and say something, I didn't hear what he said, however my son did. My son asked, "did you hear what he said? I said, "no". My son heard the male server open the door and said "are you f@*king kidding me?" I presume he opened the check holder and saw 0 on the tip line of the signed check.My son went back into the restaurant and confronted the male server, who of course denied saying anything.Though it's a further distance away, we will go back to making Sumo Sushi our home  for AYCE.
5	Best sushi in SUMMERLIN area. Much better than Naka Sushi which is across the street. The decor is modern, nice atmosphere and clean.  The service here is good. The rolls are delicious. Not overloaded with rice like other AYCE sushi places. I like that most of the rolls have pieces that aren't overly large. I hate trying to jam a piece of sushi in my mouth before it falls apart on me. $20.95 is a great price for dinner AYCE.
5	hands down one of my favorite sushi places... presentation is absolutely delightful. service is also great!
3	Sushi here was as good as it is at many other sushi places. Floors/bathrooms dirty, 1 server in Restaurant serving approx. 8 tables...All you can eat menu is small to read and "tricky" rules...(Bring Glasses) They advertise all you can eat @ $19.95 as long as you don't eat the "Nigiri" and if you do add $5 making it $25 like any other sushi place...I mean, eating sushi is eating the Nigiri...
3	Pretty good AYCE sushi. Recommend Naka Sushi across the street though.This place is cheaper than all of the other AYCE sushi in town, but they don't give you nigiri for that price.A few times, I have suspected that they might use lower-quality fish towards the end of your meal if you've eaten a lot.Also, I think they talk about me in Korean.Other than that, its pretty good.
1	I heard from a couple people about The Sushi so I decided to give it a try. I made sure after reading the reviews that I found the correct one. I did, but only after going to the one across the street first. I feel this place has great potential. I like the space of the restaurant. We were seated in a booth near the sushi bar. We ordered Salmon and Albacore nigiri, some rolls, oysters on the half shell, and uni. My problem started right from ordering. The sushi chef behind the bar calls out to us and asked for our order. It was awkward calling out our order. It's not like people weren't at the bar and we were the only ones around. We were at a booth, the waiter should've come. The nigiri was good, it seemed fresh. My oysters however weren't very cold. They weren't warm, but should've been a little cooler. It made me skeptical and people shouldn't have to be skeptical about the food they're about it eat. Then I eat the Uni, my favorite and must have every time I have sushi. First bite, Uni awesomeness. Second bite, the crunch of the shell of the sea urchin. Completely disappointing. We decide to order some sake. It comes out and things got worse. My sake glass has lipstick on it. I felt like I coudn't get a break with this place. I left extremely dissatisfied and disappointed. Way too many good sushi places in Las Vegas to ever give this one another shot.
5	This has become one of our families favorite sushi restaurants. We have not been disappointed with anything on their menu, the service is friendly and fast. For the price, I couldn't ask for anything more.
1	Funny names, but I'm not the sushi eater that goes for any cream cheese, imitation crab, or tempura rolls. Unfortunately that's pretty much every single roll they have here. Fish was fresh enough whenever I managed to get it, though it wasn't much. Getting nigiri sushi is an extra $5. The tofu was sour, which it definitely shouldn't' be. Made me wonder how many other ingredients had gone bad or were sitting around for a while but were still being fed to patrons.
4	I came here with my girlfriend and two of our friends on a Friday evening. When we first walked in, it was quite dead and we were one of the only customers. No big deal, we figured we beat the Friday evening rush (it got packed later on).When we were at our table, it seemed like the waitresses were really eager to take our orders. In fact, too eager to the point where I thought they were trying to get us out of there quick. We got AYCE and began ordering. Also, the price for AYCE is something like $21 EXCLUDING the nigiri. If you want nigiri you have to pay an extra $5/person. I think it's a great tactic to bring in customers with the $21 AYCE price, but it's also kind of unpleasantly surprising when you find out nigiri isn't included. No biggie though bc most sushi places are $26-28 for AYCE including Nigiri so it balances out haha.All of the fish tasted fresh and all the rolls we had were great. I can't really remember the names but there was a lot of variety. I also enjoyed the screaming O salad, but felt that it was a little drenched in sauce. Overall the food was great!The reason why I took 1 star off was because of the service. Whenever we told the waitress that we were still deciding, she kinda looked annoyed and pretty much ignored us thereafter. We had to flag a different waitress down when we were ready (nearly 30 minutes after the original waitress ditched us). I think the waitresses can be a bit more attentive and less annoyed if we aren't ready to order.Overall I think this place is pretty good. I'm still loyal to sushi koma, but will probably try this place again.
1	I'm sorry to post this but I had to. I been coming here for a while and always been happy when sitting at the bar.  Nice service and good food.  But today while at dinner i sat at a booth and ROACHES were everywhere.  At one point I saw three on the bench across from me.   My skin is still crawling.  Fix this problem ASAP.
3	I was amazed how large the place was once inside and how quickly they were able to seat me even though they appeared busy.  I had my drink order in quickly and was reviewing their menu within minutes of sitting down.I ordered the AYCE which is a great price of $20 especially given the majority of the rolls were $10 or more each.  I ordered 5 in total, so it was a great deal for the quantity of food I received. The quality however was just about average to maybe a little better.  The presentation of the food was bland and once my initial order was in, it took several attempts to stop my waitress, even though the place had cleared out completely by then.I felt a little uncomfortable having to keep asking for more tea and waiting almost 20 minutes after asking for the bill.  The food was good for $20 AYCE, however the service wasn't.  I will give them another try in a few months as I could have caught them on a bad night, but for $20 and the fact I was stuffed when I left, it is worth another try.
5	Regulars Wendy and Larry took me there a couple weeks ago and I decided it will be a once-a-month event! It's in the budget. I loved the way they made the rolls without rice. I've had other riceless rolls with cucumber and haven't been a big fan. The sushi was filling but didn't fill me up too much. The sauces and presentation were extremely creative, well-executed and tasty. I love the family environment and how everyone made me feel welcome. See you in November, The Sushi!
5	My fiance and I recently moved from San Diego to Summerlin and we were in search for a great sushi restaurant to take the place of our weekly sushi joint in San Diego.I was a little skeptical of the sushi when we first pulled up because you hear horror stories of strip-mall sushi restaurants. When we first walked in I was pleasantly surprised by how clean and modern the restaurant was. We were enthusiastically greeted and sat. I was also skeptical that most of the sushi restaurants in Summerlin were all-you-can-eat. We don't have much of those in San Diego because they usually mean poor quality fish in more quantities. However, this is not the case at "The Sushi." This might possibly be the best sushi I have ever had (not at a 5 star restaurant)- for the price. Go for dinner and get the specialty rolls. I have tried many of them and they are all so delicious. The sushi rolls are large so I normally only can get two- but anything with the screaming O sauce is delicious. If you have the stomach for it, you can order a half roll for your last roll which gives you the chance to order something new. Their spicy garlic edamame is also delicious and so is their deserts! Needless to say, we go every week now!
4	zero complaints. Yes the service was a hair slow however we didnt care. Just enjoying the food and company
4	Pretty good sushi and it's less than 5 min away from my house. Clean and nicely decorated restaurant with up to date music playing. I always get ayce and it's pretty cheap compared to other places, only $20. The spicy tuna cracker is the best:)
4	Before choosing The Sushi as the final decision on our first AYCE experience in Las Vegas, I definitely did my research on Yelp!   I chose The Sushi because the value ($21), minimal house sake price ($3 sm/$5 lg) and because the reviews that stated the average roll is $10.  We went at about 5:30p so it was relatively slow but as it began to pick up, our servers Eileen and Wendy were very accommodating, had GREAT personalities and were very quick with all of our orders.  I only gave the restaurant 4/5 because I have had better quality sushi and taste does play a big part in the experience.  I would highly recommend this restaurant as an AYCE joint, but not if you want good sushi Ala carte.  However, the service hasn't been better at any other sushi place so for that and especially because it is difficult to find sushi servers with a lot of personality and friendliness, I would suggest you try it out!
4	This was the first Sushi place I came to in 2012 when I moved to Vegas and just happen to live down the street.  It is amazing.  They have the best menu selection for all you can eat and they are priced very well.  Dinner is $20 and Lunch is $17.  On top of all the rolls they offer (more for dinner) they have a great selection of appetizers also.  You gotta try 2 things when you go there.  On the appetizer menu try the baked muscles, they are awesome! On the roll menu try their lasagna roll, you wont regret it.  The reason I am giving it 4 stars is because my last trip (which was tonight) was just eh... Don't get the Tiger roll, not that great.  All in all you won't regret it though, it's a great place to try.
3	This place is far far away from my residents, however, I was attending this establishment at the request of the boyfriend who said it was amazing when he use to live in the area. They attend to their customers very well. That was the thing I think I enjoyed the most since I am not a sushi eater. Most of my reviews on sushi places come from the non-sushi eater perspective. Keep in mind that we went to the all-you-can-eat dinner session where it was $20 I believe. So my portions were on the small size, almost like tapas sizes. Number one item I always get are the dumplings, aka, Gyoza here. I have had better for sure. They did not have much of a taste to them as ones I have tried elsewhere. So not a big fan of them here. Number two item was the chicken fried rice. Now that was delicious. Their flavoring was very unique. I could not quite figure it out, but was very good. My favorite dish of all. Number three and four as the chicken dishes I tried. I tried both the chicken teriyaki and the breaded chicken dish. I loved the teriyaki a lot, but not the breaded one as much. It was a weird taste. Last of course was miso soup. It was pretty good, but pretty average. Definitely had better.Overall it is a nice place and I enjoy it, but for a person who doesn't eat sushi, there is not much variety for me there.  I would only go back if those items were the things I wanted at that moment.
2	Their ayce price is 17.95 for lunch and 20.95 for dinner but these price are not include nigiri. If you want nigiri for all you can eat, you need add $5 I do not recommend this place
4	We have been frequenting this place for a couple of years now, and we'll start with the positives first: They have a very good menu with some very delicious rolls. The Vegas roll is one of my all time favorites. The quality of the fish is very good, and the rolls are made well as to not fall apart when you pick them up. Unfortunately, the good does not come without the bad: In the past we have had some issues with service during busy times, however it has been much better over our past couple of visits. There is also an additional charge for nigiri which definitely deters many from ordering it.Ultimately, this is a good sushi joint I will continue to return to, as long as the service times remain reasonable. The prices here are affordable, the environment is comfortable, and all of the sushi is made with quality fish.
1	The sushi wasn't that great, the service was poor and our waitress was straight up rude telling us we "had" to eat everything or they would charge us even though we did the "all you can eat"... For future reference I do NOT recommend this place. Oh and to add on no one sat us and it took a least 10 minutes for us to get our menus, the place wasn't even busy and our server seemed less than happy to have customers. Screw this place!
4	Nice clean place, good atmosphere. Server was friendly. AYCE option $17.99 lunch/$20.99 dinner. AYCE selection good. Food was yummy. I'm pretty picky where I eat sushi nowadays, from being experimental I've had my share of food poisoning, this place exceeded my expectations. No complaints from server from our questions, explaining things well, and a first time sushi guest I brought with me. Only slight flaw was that she didn't know what flavored sakes were available and made no offer to check for us when we surely were going to increase their revenue by ordering some. Otherwise this place holds high marks in my book. I will revisit it soon.
2	I went to The Sushi when they first opened several years ago. It wasn't a memorable experience and I didn't return until a few weeks ago. My experience was just the same as it was my first visit. The AYCE option was $17, but that's for rolls and kitchen appetizers only. If you want nigiri as part of the package, you have to pay another $5. So really, AYCE is $22 per person. I asked if they had hirame and they said no. Then I asked if they had toro, to which they scoffed and said, "This is all you can eat." That's fine. But I have been to other AYCE places that served a limited portion of otoro or chutoro. Otherwise it was a pretty standard AYCE sushi experience -- friendly attentive Korean staff, hot green tea, long list of ridiculous roll options, clean facilities, went home fat and happy. #offthestrip #noncasino
4	I recommend the all you can eat sushi option.  My boyfriend and I definitely ate enough to justify the cost.
3	I came here looking for $21 AYCE sushi. Just to clarify, $21 include rolls and appetizers. Nigiri is an additional $5. No biggy. The sushi was good, fresh, very similar options to other AYCE joints in Vegas. I only gave it 3 stars because I had a rude waitress. I was here with my bf.  We were 2 rolls in to our meal when I placed my second order of 3 additional rolls. She proceeded to tell me that we would have to consume all of it. Duh! This isn't my first rodeo. I said, ok. Then she went on to say she'd have to charge us if we didn't eat it all and that she didn't want any trouble. WTH is that supposed to mean?!?! I was courteous the whole time, I don't know where that comment came from!  This place was good but so are others I've been to. Fish was fresh but there wasn't anything spectacular that I would go out of my way for...
5	We always go there during non-peak hours (2 pm for lunch or 4 pm for dinner), so we're always seated right away.The server was attentive & the service was good every time we've been there. (I'm not sure why some other reviews said the service was slow. But then again, we go at non-peak hours)The AYCE price is pretty cheap, if you don't plan on ordering any nigiri, which is $5 extra.I love how they have some unique rolls that you don't find at other sushi places - like the K BBQ (bulgogi) roll. Yes, I know it's technically not sushi, but it tastes good.The ambience is nice.The food is yummy.I will definitely be back!
4	This is my go to AYCE sushi. Love it here. They advertise for a cheaper than "normal" price, but if you want nigiri, it's an additional $5 so it costs about the same as everyone else. If they are busy, expect a long wait  Some of my top favs are: pearl special, star bucks, final destination, and spider roll.
3	The food and service is great.Have high chairs for kids which can be important for family's....Great AYCE with a modest price point.A few flat screens are also around the restaurant with mostly sports.OverallFood: 4-5Beverage: 3-4Cleanliness: 3-5Service: 3-5Come back: Decent sushi so sure why not
1	Sushi was okay.  However...ASSUMING that we wanted all you can eat is NOT okay. Then attempting to argue with me is also NOT okay. My boyfriend didnt like his food (he said texture and taste were not good) and they still charged him for it. $60 for two people...we could have gotten better service. We will stick with Kobe (215/rainbow) and Sushi Loca.
2	2.5 stars. Been coming here since it opened. Was a 5 star rating. Recently they must have changed ownership because all of the servers have changed out. The service is not very good right now. Two times now we were seated and waited 15 minutes before someone even came over to greet us. Throughout the meal its the same thing. You have to flag servers down or they wont check in on you for additional orders. Too bad, used to be a go to place. Hopefully they get it together.
3	nothing really stood out about this place. one thing that I liked was that nigiri was cut thick, which I prefer.  I don't know about the rolls cuz I don't really get rolls when I go to sushi places. strip salmon was decent. spicy tuna rice crackers were better than the ones at goyemon. uni was brown... not yellow.... brown... very suspicious. service wasn't that great even though this place wasn't that busy. I don't think I can recommend this place to anyone. only positive about this place is that it's ayce and their Nigiri is decent. I may come here only if I'm in the area and in desperate need of sushi. I still prefer goyemon or sumo sushi 2.
1	If you like atmosphere, this is the place. If you like taste.... Well I would rather go to 808 tapas. Everything taste the same and I never been still hungry at a ayce.
2	The sushi... The sushi.. The sushi... Where do I begin?... I use to come here last year.. Probably 4-5 times I came here over a year ago.. I loved the place, the food, and the waitress!!!! She was the main reason I kept coming back (besides the Japanese hot chicken and tempura roll). She remembered my me every time I came in, even if it was months apart! The best customer service/ waitress I have had in years!! CONS-I went here within the last week and a lot has changed!! The waitress is gone and has been replaced with someone else who was outta control!!! I have never been rushed while eating!! She had about 5 other tables (around 2 on a Saturday) and we were not on her list of people to help. I order 3 items (I had all you can eat) and was done within 10 mins, the other part of my party drink was gone.. So we were all just sitting there waiting for her to come back to the table to help us.. It took for-ever! About 13 minutes after we stared her down long enough. I ordered my regular tempura roll and omg... I dunno what happened! It was all messed up!!! It had the franks onion flakes on it.. So nasty!! I'm just going to stop it here and sum it up..Was once good food but so so now..Horrible service, NON FRIENDLY waiting for a very long time to order and wait for water refill. change of tempura rollOther then all that and the tempura roll BS.. The food was still the same.. It was good.My 3 stars are for the food... If it wasn't for the food this place would get .5 of a starRUSHED RUSHED RUSHED
5	Only $20 bucks for all you can eat plus appetizers. Seriously my favorite place and some of the best sushi for all you can eat. Sure you can go to the Strip and drop 3x as much for fancy sushi. But their menu is diverse and the appetizers are delicious! I come here all the time and the sushi chefs are fun to talk to. The only downfall is if you leave anything unfinished they charge you and they keep a sharp eye on you too. Lol
2	So sad.  Love the rolls love the sushi but tonight after coming here almost weekly for a few years we are done.  I can no longer take the horrible service from the serving staff. For so long they had some wonderful servers but now they have these clueless ones. Most of all Miss Attitude who always wears the sweater
4	This place is great! Tried it for the first time in celebration of my brother's birthday and it was delicious! AYCE was only $20.95 and there are so many rolls and appetizers to choose from! We ordered around 15 rolls and the wait time wasn't long at all. The appetizers would be my only complaint because the fried rice and teriyaki salmon that we ordered came in extremely small servings, but they made up for that with the good portion of sushi rolls.A roll that stood out was definitely the banzai roll! It looks simple and it seems like it has too much rice, but it was surprisingly delicious and is now one of my favorites! Definitely try this place out if you're in the area! Totally worth your money!
5	The sushi is astonishing! I have been several times and never once been disappointed! The price is beyond reasonable for AYCE. Love this place! Starbucks/BlackJack/Cucumber Passion are must tries for the rolls that they make!
1	Omg worst sushi place ever!! Do not go here, there was a roach on the sushi bar.This was the first and last time at the Sushi!All u can eat items are terrible and not based on menu prices. Fish is not fresh, cheap ass sushi food
4	Nice local all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant.  Variety of rolls and sashimi, cooked fish, tempura, katsu and appetizers.   Loved the salmon collar, screaming orgasm, shrimp tempura, pork katsu, cucumber-wrapped sushi, Saki choices and fast and attentive service.
5	This place is amazing. One of the best place to eat sushi in Vegas. The buffet price is not bad. One of my favorite roll is the Rainbow row also the daisy. I would highly recommend you this place.
3	A good Summerlin local Sushi place that you can eat at a reasonable price.  For an extra $5 you can have all-you-can-eat  Nigiri/Sashimi style (no rice).   I particularly liked the Salmon Collar which is not always available and the Cucumber Passion which is light and fresh tasting. The Salmon is roasted and wonderful tasting. Some of the sushi rolls I tried between three of us was OK at best.  Great service, fast delivery of food.
3	I am extremely conflicted writing this review. I've been here 5-6 times and have always had a fantastic experience. The food was always yummy. I loved the cucumber passion roll, and the all you can eat for $22.00 is always a great deal. This time however, was awful. The service was terrible. There were only a handful of customers there and there were 2 free boothes open. We asked tobe seated at a booth and for some reason this started us down a path of hateful service. They refused to seat us for like 7 minutes and then once they did they ignored us for another 10 or so minutes. There were 2 waitresses this night, and as I stated earlier, only a handful of customers. No excuse in my opinion. They would hardly talk to us and acted as if we were an inconvenience to them while being nice to the other customers. The food was for the first time at this place lacking. A few of the rolls were good but they were so chinsey with the fish and avacado this time. Seriously, one of my salmon rolls, I couldn't even find a piece of salmon in the roll. Very upsetting. Anyways, usually its awesome so I'll go back again. Hoping for a better experience. If its bad again though, I will assume it won't be good ever again. They need to get their act together.
2	I've never had such a terrible experience at a sushi joint before. Our waitress was extremely rude to us. She was slow to bring us our food, and there was only one other couple in there. The sushi wasn't very good either. I would not recommend this place at all.
5	Hands down, the best all you can eat sushi I have ever had. All the fish, from the salmon to the sea urchin, was extremely fresh and delicious. Moreover, the attentive sushi chefs and wait staff took great care in seeing that I was happy.
5	Was in the neighborhood again and popped in, around 1PM My daughter is Vegan now and we were iffy on Ayce but our very nice waitress showed her the many choices so it was a go. Everything was fresh, tasty and diversely laid out, Want good Bulgogi they have it, 2 Thumbs up for this place, I personally need to get there more offten for support and my belly!!
2	Be warned: Soft shell crab = imitation crab at this place. I ordered a wet dream roll, thinking "soft shell crab" meant deep-fried, intact pieces of soft shell crab, as is standard in sushi restaurants, but instead we got imitation crab mixed with mayonnaise. The waitress explained to us that their soft shell crab is ground up and mixed with imitation crab in all of their rolls except the spider roll. Huh? That sounds like a waste of quality crab to me, but that's their story and they're sticking to it.We were satisfied with the rest of the food and their willingness to exchange it for a different roll, but the menu here is over-reliant on mayonnaise and fake crab, so we won't be going back.
3	I have been here a half a dozen times and always experienced good service and good food quality.  If you have not tried it, the "Dynamite" appetizer is great (just thought I would make a quick suggestion there).  I have been to other places that have superior quality taste but this place is close and does the trickHowever, get a booth rather than a table because there is something or a texture that on the tables that just don't come off and feels sticky. I haven't felt this about the booths for some reason.  Took a star off because of this.
3	The most recent time I went, the sushi was just ok. In the past, it was great, but I don't know what happened this last time. Maybe they had a new chef or new management or something.The yellowtail that was in the candycane roll was tough & chewy. And it seemed like all the rolls we ordered were not proportioned right - like there was too much rice. Maybe they wanted us to get full fast, since we ordered all you can eat. But at least the appetizers were still delicious.And there's one waitress who doesn't smile. I mean, she's attentive & she's not rude or anything. But by not smiling, she doesn't seem friendly.
2	I've eaten here twice - both at lunch time and both with coworkers.  The first time it was our entire office, so there was around 8 of us and everyone but one got the all you can eat (the one simply didn't get anything as she wasn't hungry).Now, the prices here are pretty good.  $17.95 for lunch and $20.95 for dinner. making this one of the cheapest if not THE cheapest lunch price I've seen in the valley.Don't let it fool you.Both times it was almost empty in the restaurant and still the service was painstakingly slow.  The waitresses rarely come around, so getting a drink refill is next-to-impossible - even if you're trying to booze it up (yes, my office is pretty lax).We waited forever for a roll and apparently she forgot because after talking with a coworker and staring at our table for like 5 minutes (while we'd been waiting for a basic hand roll for 10-15 already in an empty restaurant), she came back over and asked what we ordered.  How about you carry a notebook and just write it down?  (No, there is no little paper menus to mark your choices on here.)The actual sushi and food?  It's OK.  It's not the worst by far, but certainly not the best either.  Should you happen to partake of some, here's what I'd suggest:Spicy tuna rollTiger rollSushi Special (with eel sauce instead of garlic ponzu)Sweet Kiss (if you're into cream cheese)Deep fried PhillySpicy tuna pokeCoffee parfaitThe check also took just as long.  My coworker actually got up and took our check to the waitress so she could process it and we could leave.  He came back and said she was just staring into nothing.  That's, um, special.Travel east on Lake Mead to Yummy if you want sushi - much better with everything.
4	Everything is great except for service.Seeeeeems like you will get ignored more and more the longer you stay for AYCE.I don't know if this is a tradition at AYCE sushi places, but this time it seemed quite obvious that they no longer wanted to take our orders.Everything tastes very good, when you get it though.
5	Haven't had bad sushi at 'The Sushi' (make sure you're at the right place) Summerlin goes here, and it's very, very good ! We don't do the AYCE, but have seen a lot of that.. and it looks good. We avoid the carbs/rice and request specific things... and the guys here come thru with some excellent stuff ! Rolls without rice.. try it. It's (understandably) more pricey, but well worth not feeling "AYCED".  Great Job !!
5	Love this place.  The rolls are great, 21.00 all you can eat, and they are so fast.  I love ordering a roll and getting it in minutes.  We always sit at the bar and have a great time.
1	I have been here several times, always with my son,  never had the best service.  Food takes forever, servers are rude and not eager to serve.  The food has always been delicious but my last straw was when I ordered AUCE and ordered a hand roll for my 23 month old son because he can eat the filling without choking on the seaweed.  Children 2 and younger are supposed to eat free, first, she tried to charge the AUCE child price and then when I told her he was under two she still charged me $5 for his hand roll that should have been included under my AUCE.  I will find a new place that my son can eat free at, he barely finishes a roll right now.
4	Good sushi for an all-you-can-eat.  Had brunch there Sunday and was impressed with the quality for the price.  The favorites were: Bonzai, Blackjack and definitely the stuffed mushrooms.  Service could be a little more on-the-ball but overall a good experience.
1	I was a regular at this place, we like the food and it's convenient for my girlfriend and I to meet, eat, and catch up...we will not go back as the service has consistently been horrendous, as I said, we like the food, it's ok, not the best, and the location convenient for us to join, however it gets tiring as we go every single time the service sucks, waitresses are super rude, we get ignored, and when we place our orders they forget to turn them in to the chef. Last time we were there it got even more ridiculous as we were ignored and I saw our waitress blatantly busy flirting with a dishwasher boy, when I yell for her help the attitude became even more noticeable, everytime we get AYCE, and we have to place our orders two or three times because they forget, we never have an already set table and they give you attitude when you ask for chop sticks, low sodium soy sauce, or even hot tea...we asked for one order of tuna poki along with other stuff and she brought two, we brought her error up to her attention, she opened her eyes wide, stood straight, and yelled at me without blinking her eyes as if she were ready to fight me...needless to say, time to find a new sush
1	The service was absolutely horrible.  I don't care how good the food is at any restaurant, if the service is bad I will never return.  They waiter was very rude and at times talked down on us like we were children.  I was absolutely fed up when I asked for the check and he told me that I needed to eat all of my food before I could pay because if I did not finish my plate that I would be charged extra.  I was in the middle of my last sushi roll, which I fully intended to finish, but was in a rush and wanted to pay so that I could leave as soon as I finished my plate.  I explained to him that I was not a child and did not need adult supervision or encouragement to finish my food and that threatening to charge me extra was ridiculous.   I will not be returning.
3	The food is always decent when we come, except the last visit we had; the fish wasn't that fresh. And I like to feel like I know what I'm talking about when it comes to fish since I work in a Japanese restaurant that sells sushi as well. I would give a four for food, but they lose a point for service. It's never really busy when we visit, but severs seem to be confused and dazed. They never really know what's going on. Other than that it's a decent ayce right down the street
5	This is one of my favorite sushi places to go to in Vegas. They have the best AYCE deal. $20.95. They have a great variety of rolls and everything always tastes fresh! :) the Starbucks roll is awesome... But I have many favorites. It's way across town from me but because it's so delicious, it's worth the 30 minute drive.
2	I was really excited to get AYCE sushi, I was not impressed that they didn't put how many pieces per roll so when the bill came and they tried to charge me a "left over fee" I couldn't help but feel cheated. It does state "left overs are extra charge" but who are they determine my left over ratio? Alas, I wasn't charged extra and they even didn't charge me for my Sale either.  Also we couldn't get the servers to go away to take our order and then we couldn't get them to come back for our check or to order anything else.Food: 3 starsMenu: 2 starsStaff: 2 starsReturn: nah sushi places are a dime a dozen here.
1	We have always liked coming to this restaurant because the sushi is so good however the service is always been terribleeeeeee!!!! today was an ultimate terrible service day we walked in at 12:30, only 3 other tables sat- the server did not understand a request for two menus and was rude when asked again. She started to take our order and the door opened with more people- as i am ordering she WALKS away from me to sit these people. RIDICULOUS! With no acknowledgement or anything to me! Comes back does not apologize and we asked if we could sit at the sushi bar instead she said "whatever" we move and she says something in her language to the sushi chef and he walks past us twice with again NO ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. Needless to say, we got up to leave, I'm so disappointed because the food is so good. But we will NEVER be returning
1	NEW OWNERS - HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! Customer service was disgusting, can't believe they behaved the way they did! Very rude , missing orders - never coming back..
1	Wtf happened? Every time I visit this establishment, it gets worse! Half of what I ordered never came, I was asked to stop eating even though we ordered a combination of 6 rolls). I asked for additional spicy mayo and was told that sufficient sauce was provided with each plate. My 2nd order was denied - I was told I needed to stop eating. What happened to this place and why in the world did I just leave an all you can eat place hungry....I never thought I would ever need to write a negative review but you guys earned it...
1	I've been coming here since the summer time to enjoy the great specials they have for AYCE . Sushi was delish with great prices ... Now that they are under new ownership I will not be returning . We came here tonight to eat with family and the service was terrible . The food was still delish but the AYCE menu was less - which is okay . The real problem was the horrible customer service from the beginning . I have never experienced such crappy service in my life anywhere else ... From the beginning they took forever to come take our order , then when the girl came she was acting flustered and like it was so hard to write on the tally sheet what we wanted . She had to go back to the bar and took 10 min to ask a question . Once our order was finally put in we waited more time . Finally our food started coming out but a lot of the appetizers (baked mussels, sushi pieces , salads) never came . When we addressed this issue we were told it was coming - it never came ! Then complaining again about a lasagna roll and hand roll not coming out they told us that it was cancelled ...we didn't cancel anything ! We argued at least for the avocado hand roll and were told the hour was up and we could only get dessert ... Mind you they count the hour from when the order is placed ... And they take forever to start and give it to the table. We asked for soy sauce and spicy mayo for the table and the owner herself told us that there was enough sauce on the sushi ... When my cousin started to ask the waitress for something she said one minute rudely and never returned ... Just horrible overall . There are so many sushi places in Vegas . I'm sure this one will fail .
1	I really don't know where to begin, I wish I could give this place 0 stars because that is what they deserve. The service I received here tonight was absolutely horrible and disgustingly unprofessional. My family and I decided to do AYCE (it was 7 of us). The waiter comes to our table to tell us to write our order down on a piece of paper, we kindly tell her that we know what we want and if she can just take the order. She writes down our order and gives us attitude because it's a big order, but it's 7 of us doing AYCE. Anyways, 3 of the same rolls come out, but we only ordered two, so we kindly tell her that we ordered only two and she visibly gets upset and tells us that we are wrong. She gets her paper where she wrote the order to show us; we feel bad so we just take the roll. The owner (she told us she was the owner) comes to our table shortly after to tell us we have to eat everything or she will charge us. When we asked for spicy mayo on the side she said that the rolls already have sauces on them. As we eat, my cousin tries to ask a waitress for a refill on his tea, but she says "hold on" and walks away never to return. Our waitress never returns for the rest of the meal. After about half an hour passes, we notice that half of what we ordered didn't come out so we ask the owner and she says that our hour long of AYCE time is up and that we cannot eat anymore and if we want dessert. We tell her that we are still waiting on food and she says we are wrong. We tell her to look at the paper in which our waitress wrote the order, AND BEHOLD, HALF OUR ORDER NEVER CAME. She tells us that we past our hour and we cannot eat more. We literally sit there and argue with her but it's going no where. When she brings the bill, we end up splitting the bill four ways. After about 15 min of them not returning, we ask about the payment and turns out they charged the wrong amount on the cards. It takes them 30 min to do the voids and charge our cards again. This experience was so ridiculous and horrible. I wasn't even full when I left and I will never come back here again. What a shame!!!
1	Went here and customer service was horrible not only did they decide a smoke break for the sushi chefs was more important than making their customers food they decided to yell it across the restaurant that they forgot the order never coming back again totally disgusted!!!
1	I HAD THE WORST Time EVER!! When we ordered our food. It was so late, then they forgot some orders. When the rude waitress came back. We asked her for our other food. She said "sorry our chefs went to go on a ciggarette break, give them 10 mins" after my friend was waiting 30 mins for something that takes 5 mins to make. It wasn't busy either so I was very shocked. i've been working in the restaurant business for the last 10 years of my life. My customer service skills are very good and super. I just could not believe that she told us our chefs that are cooking our food are going on a cigarette break. She could at least of told us I'm sorry let me go check on your food and bring it to you my apologies. This is the fourth time this year i've been to this place and I've been treated wrong. I hope absolutely no one goes back to this place and this sushi place closes down indefinitely
5	We come here at least 3-4 times a month. The Megabucks roll, Screaming"O", Maguro, Ika, everything here is fantastic. I was stationed in Japan for 4 years, this is my favorite sushi place EVER!!!!! My 20 month old son has even learned to use chop sticks here. Family friendly, great staff, great food, great pricing. It doesn't get much better than this. Bonus for us, it's only 1 mile from the house. I would go every day if my wife would let me. I'm actually drooling while thinking about eating here again tomorrow. We love The Sushi!
3	Very challenging to order now. The regular menu does not match up with the AYCE.  Many of the ones you want that are on the menu are not available on the AYCE menu. The AYCE menu has no descriptions - only the name of the rolls. Thus my choosing the words "challenging" to order. I think I'm done with this place.  I don't think it stands out enough to keep coming
