5	I went in during their soft opening, and tried their concord sorbet, apple cider, and sour cherry wine. Everything is absolutely delicious - the sorbet is faintly alcoholic, the cider I tried was very smooth and very faintly sweet.The owners were very friendly and willing to chat about their cider and planned new drinks. I've been in multiple times now with different groups, and on every occasion they've made it feel more like a coffee house with alcoholic drinks than a bar.Notes for those interested: They don't have a bar license, so they cannot serve cider by the glass. Instead, you buy a growler of cider. You can enjoy it there if you like - they have seats inside and out to relax and kick back. They also typically offer a sample if you haven't had something before, so you can get an idea of what you might like. Once you have a growler, refills are cheaper.
5	Passionate entrepreneurs, local focus, unique design, and kick-ass cider.What's to love?--Bill and Michelle, for starters. They love their trade, they love their business, and they clearly love their customers. --The cider, of course. Really good stuff. They had sour cherry and dry apple on hand. It's served in $20 personalized growlers, and one growler was easily enough for a group of three. It's family-style drinking and larger groups can and should get multiple growlers and spread the love. This is high quality drink and Bill and Michelle have put a lot of thought and effort into the process of making it. They plan to roll out more cider varieties, and they will also be selling wine at some point.--Service is incredible. I'm sure that if the place were totally packed, we might not have gotten all the attention from Bill and Michelle that we did. But you can tell that on any given night, they're going to try their damnedest to give as much of their attention to individual customers as possible. They gave us all kinds of free samples to assist in our decision; they fed us free sorbet on a hot, muggy July day; they shared all sorts of information on the process they use to make the cider; and best of all, after hearing that one of our group members liked port, Bill went down to the cellar to pull out a bottle of port that meant a great deal to him personally, and insisted that we finish it off before leaving. I can think of a lot of businesses in PGH that could learn many lessons in service and attitude from Bill and Michelle's example. --Location-such a great one. It's on 39th just barely N of Penn Ave across from Arsenal Park and the suite of Health Dept buildings. It's a charming residential area with great views of the park itself. Penn Ave traffic was never really audible.--Design! Lots of wood inside that was burned and hacked to give it color contrast and texture; and great brick too. The bar area, open and up at the very front, is truly a gathering place for people to learn about and discuss the art of cidering and winemaking. There's canopied outdoor sidewalk seating for about 10 in the front, and they're working on a back deck too.What's not to love?--Nothing worth mentioning. Okay, there's only one restroom. No biggie.*Businesses like Arsenal, and owners like Bill and Michelle, deserve our time and money. And booze that delicious deserves our undivided attention...
5	This place makes me wish I lived in Pittsburgh!Arsenal Cider House is a real gem!  The place is cozy and the owner was very friendly.  He gave us samples, and talked to us with great pride about his product.  I'm always excited to meet people that are passionately doing neat things.  Never been anywhere like this place.The cider itself is fantastic.  Its incredibly tasty and smooth.  I was skeptical about hard-drinkin the cider because of headaches that woodchuck used to give me in high school.This stuff is NOT your high school woodchuck.  Its smooth with a clean and crisp taste.  The growlers are awesome - I was really depressed that I couldn't bring some back to Milwaukee with me.Next time I am back in Pittsburgh, I will absolutely be back to this place.
5	Alcoholic Apple Sorbet.I just wanted to start off with that, because it exemplifies the creativity and originality the owners of Arsenal Ciderhouse have brewed into their business.  The friendly, personable staff are happy to talk shop and their presence adds a personalized touch to the atmosphere of the business.  They're clearly passionate about what they do.The way the business works is simple:  You buy a growler for your cider and get a discount on future refills.  The flavors alternate regularly and the brewmaster is constantly trying new things with the cider and wines.  If you're not certain about a flavor, they're happy to let you try a sample.  I've yet to be disappointed.Definitely worth a visit.
5	Do you like cider? Do you like wine?If the answer to either of those questions is "yes," or even possibly "maybe," you should check this place out.I was given their apple cinnamon hard cider from a close friend--I couldn't be happier. Discounts on refilling my growler, and delicious alcoholic beverages galore. Go there. Give them business. You won't be let down.
5	Arsenal Cider House is a Pittsburgh gem. Bill and Michelle are great entrepreneurs and so passionate about their business, their craft, and the Lawrenceville neighborhood. I have brought at least 10 friends here at different points, and they have all been repeat customers. I am not allowed to attend a family function unless I bring cider with me.Their products are phenomenal and innovative. They have something for everyone: bone dry (no sugar added) to much sweeter ciders, flavors from traditional apple to grape to peach to blueberry (upcoming). I love their sorbets. Bill and Michelle offer samples of all their products before you purchase. Try everything - it's worth it. They only sell by the growler, but you can enjoy your growler on their premises if you wish. I love how they link the neighborhood history into their business - it's Civil War themed, which takes advantage of the rich Lawrenceville history. On a personal note, Bill and Michelle really care about their customers. I went there to get supplies for my Grandmother's wake in August, and I didn't end up visiting again until October. Michelle remembered me and asked about the funeral and how my family and I were doing. It may not seem like much, but it's the little things that count with small businesses.
5	What a great place.  The Cannoneer Sour Cherry and Picket Bone Dry Hard Cider are amazing.  I currently have two of their growlers, because one just isn't enough.  I look forward to their house brewed mead in spring.
5	the cider here is the best i have ever had and all brewed by the owners, who are amazing & knowledgeable!!!  they'll let you sample any (or all) of the cider before you decide, and you can either buy a growler or buy a glass for $5 (the growler is a better value).  my favorites: apple cinnamon & sour cherry.  i'd recommend this place to anyone!!!
4	Yet another friendly Lawrenceville establishment!  Being newbies, we were warmly welcomed by the owners and given a rundown of the ciders on the board.  We stood and sampled and eventually settled - well, I won the debate - on a growler of concord grape cider.  Yum.I wish they had a nicer patio area in the back although I have to admit to a somewhat perverse enjoyment of walking out onto the street with my jug in hand, sitting and drinking on the sidewalk bench...channeling my inner Thunderbird wino.
5	Truly a labor of love, this cider house is owned and maintained by a man who loves cider and loves to share its intricacies. Usually grouped into beers, the less-known cider is more like a wine. Knowledgeable and fun, the proprietor shared his process and the current tastings. We walked away with a delicious cinnamon apple and hard apple.Be sure to sample the sorbet... you won't regret taking some home!
5	I started hearing about this place a few months ago, and then really got intrigued when Fat Heads pulled the Lindemans off tap & switched it to Arsenal.  Last week I picked ~400lbs of pears at the family farm with the intention of making cider, but turns out I don't have much of a clue how to pull it off.  So, I stopped in with the hope that they could point me in the right direction, and they did not disappoint.Bill & Michelle are great people, and I hope their business thrives. I don't have enough cider experience to really sing their praises, but it is very good and easy to drink...but be careful, it can be as strong as wine.  Their establishment is in the bottom half of their house in Lawrenceville, so that alone speaks to their dedication to the craft; they literally live & breathe cider.  Bill was very helpful in giving me some cider-making pointers, so if you're looking to small-batch, stop by, get some advice, and be sure to take home a growler or two.   Come on Yelpers, stop by and buy some cider!
5	Have you ever thought of opening up a cider house in your living room?  If you have, these people actually made it a reality!  Having read all the fab reviews of this place, and also having an affinity for all things cider (and perhaps alcoholic), I had to try it out for myself! You walk in and it's a rustic feel, with dark wood everywhere.  The 8 daily offerings advertised on a chalkboard are just asking to be sampled.  They vary from bone dry to sweet and everywhere in between.  The bone dry pear tasted a lot like champagne and the Concord Grape tasted like sparkling grape juice.  I was a big fan of their popular Archibold's Amber, that they're now serving in around 8 local restaurants (Winghart's, Fat Heads, Kaya and a slew of others).  The real winner of the day was the off dry Alfred's Pear...in sorbet form!  Alcoholic Cider Sorbet!!!!  Can you tell how excited I am (let me include a couple more exclamation points)!!!!  So good!  We also ended up with a growler full of the Alfred's Pear for about $15 to enjoy at home.  The owners are INCREDIBLY friendly and informative on the different ciders they offer.  They receive all their cider/apples from Soergel's in North Hills.  I, for one, was very excited, being a big fan of Soergel's in general.  I'm very happy to hear they're just growing and growing and hopefully will be around for a long time to enjoy a successful business and for me to enjoy their delicious cider!
5	Un-Effing Believable, I NEED one of these lovely establishments in Orlando!Me: "I live for cider!"Rachel: "We have this cider house that I have never been to but I hear amazing things about"Me: "What the HECK are we waiting for?"We drive up and see this row house with a sign for this place outside and a cute sitting area outside, we think... hmmmm... the minute you walk in you feel like you are transported into an old school house and you want to curl up in front of the fireplace and enjoy a huge, refreshing cider... oh wait... this used to be the owner's living room! WHAT? Yes, I chatted with the owners, a lovely couple and the husband really loved cider and his wife said "As you can tell, he has an obsessive personality." They literally turned their living room into this cider house. They still live upstairs, this is what you call local passion. Amazing. They also receive their apples from a local farm, does it get any better? Yes...This place makes me wish Yelp had a hidden star you could give for places that exceed other places you have given 5 stars to in the past. This is in a world of it's own.So we had the opportunity to taste each cider and I loved each and every one. My favorite was the white grape and the pears. So crisp and delicious. They do not sell by the glass though so you have to get a growler to either take home or enjoy there. They run $20-22 which is not bad at all for the quality, flavor and love that goes into each batch. The wine sorbet is where it's at too. We got a growler to go and enjoyed a sorbet on the back patio. It's literally their back yard and they have a really cute sitting area. The sun was out, I was kicked back and just loving life.This stop really made me dig the local love in Pitt. I was truly impressed and just blown away by the creativity and passion that goes into this place. Yes, it's great cider that you can get at some spots around town but you MUST visit this cider house to experience the entire world of this amazingness.A huge thank you to Bill and Michelle for beginning and amazing thing and loving your community as much as you do. And...... again, please come to Orlando =)
4	Food: The only "food" the Cider House offers is sorbet, which we didn't try.  But I have heard from friends and read from Yelpers that it is fantastic.  I'll amend this review when I try it.Price: The first time you purchase a Growler expect to pay around $20.  Refills are all under $20 and are mostly around $13-14.  Drinks: This is what the Cider House is all about.  There are typically around 8 different ciders to try and there is also mead.  Each person can pick 4 drinks to sample for free, so if you go with a friend and share samples you can try everything they have to offer before purchasing.  The ciders range from sweet to bone-dry with varieties in between.  There seems to be an option for everyone; our favorite was the Elleck which was a semi-sweet version.  None of the ciders were absolutely incredible, but all were at least good, some very good.  The mead is also a must-try and a very unique taste.  If you buy a growler, you can hang out and drink the cider at the house.Atmosphere: The Cider House is truly that, a house transformed into a one-of-a-kind drinking establishment.  The serving area used to be a living room and kitchen, but you would never be able to tell.  The Civil War theme is genuine, and even more decorations from that era would be cool.  There is a back porch which we couldn't go to due to rain, and occasionally live music.  Groups can schedule appointments for tastings as well.  If its dark out you can easily drive right past it on 39th St. without noticing (its very close to Penn).  Service: The "woman of the house" served us our samples while explaining how the ciders are made, the history of the house, and what varieties of cider to expect in the future.  She was very friendly and was patient with us as first time visitors of the house.  (+): I think its great that a place like this exists in Pittsburgh, and the owners' commitment to Cider and a unique experience deserves your patronage.  I expect that anyone who makes the trip once will go back to refill their growler.(-): Some homemade snack-type food to go with the cider would be an improvement, and more extended hours.Would I go back again? When my growler is empty (hours after going to the Cider house).
5	I visited the Arsenal Cider House on the recommendation of a friend a couple of months ago.  I happened to be in the area with my husband (waiting on a table at Coca Cafe), and we decided to walk up the massive hill to the Arsenal in the sweltering August heat to pop in and check it out.Echoing what others have already said, Michelle was just as nice as could be and told us that we were standing in what used to be the first floor of her home (her husband wasn't around when we visited).  She must have noticed that we were out of breath and dripping sweat on her nice wooden floor, because she told us to help ourselves to bottles of water out of the fridge, free of charge.  Then she started passing generous samples of cider over the counter, all of which were delicious.Although we'd had no plans to buy anything, we were so charmed by the place and Michelle that we ended up taking home a growler of the red grape cider.  We couldn't stay to drink it there, but we passed a few other customers lounging in chairs on the sidewalk enjoying their cider under umbrellas. This is what it's about, people!  Local businesses who create quality product and practice amazing customer service, face to face.  Go for the novelty, stay for the cider.
5	Great cider. They are very engaging and friendly.  Love that you can sample their wares as well.
5	My fellow Yelpers, I warn you. This place is daaaangerous.I only stopped by Arsenal Cider House this past weekend for the first time. I was just planning on getting a couple growlers for my company's holiday party (which consisted of a 3-hour long bus ride to Cleveland's Fatheads flagship). It started out as an innocent attempt to get some libations I knew everyone would enjoy.I *definitely* shouldn't have underestimated the power of 8% cider! (Yes, I said 8%. That's like a fine wine.)Let's just say the growlers never actually made it to the lips of anyone else but me. Let's also just say that I'm a 5 foot 3 Asian girl with the tolerance of a teenager drinking for the first time. Let's also just say, I DRANK THE ENTIRE GROWLER OF CINNAMON CIDER. BY MYSELF. BEFORE I EVEN GOT TO CLEVELAND.Indeed that was a rough weekend, albeit a delicious one, steeped heavily in the fermented juice of apples. I warn thee, the cider goes down a little too easily and the intoxication sure sneaks up on you!Growlers here are about $20 a pop, while refills run from $13-17. I left with the cinnamon (8%) and concord grape (8.8%) and both are sickeningly good (literally). The shop itself is a little small for my taste, but the Civil War-themed decor is quite pleasant and cozy - perfect for a little holiday inebriation!
5	Pittsburgh is so friggin' cool. It's not just cool, it's AWESOME. Driving up 39th street after drinking on Butler. House, House, House..."Oh wait, pull over here!" Park. Easy. Run into friend in front of house. Wait for them to finish their cigarette. Go in someone's HOUSE that has lawn chairs in a living room. Meet awesome owners and sample the 4 varieties they have on tap. (Pear, Concord Grape...) Buy a brand new bottle of "Santa's Cinnamon" for my brother-in-law and if he brings it back (which he will because their cider is amazing) a refill is under $14 dollars.A few funny facts?1) The taps handle of their most popular cider was a shotgun. 2) You can open your bottle in their living room with friends and share. 3) They had a really awesome Christmas tree.
5	Three.  I have drank three growlers this past Saturday.  Sure, I had some friends along for the ride, but when the lowest ABV you drink is 8%, you're punching a one way ticket to a happy hangover the next morning.Arsenal Cider House is something special.  A completely home grown business, it's actually located in a converted house in a residential part of  Lawrenceville, across the street from Arsenal Park.  Hard Cider has slowly worked its way into the world of American power drinking, being a delicious alternative for those who still can't quite wrap their palates around beer.  Inside of the unassuming residential outside, Arsenal is a wooden wonderland on the inside, embracing Civil War Era Americana, period rifles and headwear included.  With a rotating stock up 6 to 8 ciders on tap at a time, there is a flavor available for all comers.  The workhorses are the Fighting Elleck, which is an off-dry apple cider, and the Archibald's Amber, a semi-sweet amber cider.  These two are the staples of their rotating menu, which will at times include pear ciders, apple cinnamon ciders, Concord grape and others, always in semi-sweet and bone dry incarnations.  A special bit is there sorbets, made from whichever cider they choose at the time, which sports about 3% alcohol and tastes like magic.Now, keep in mind that this a growler only establishment, but at around $20 for the first fill up and around $14 for those after, its cheaper than a night out, and with most ciders weighing in between 8 and 11% alcohol, its usually more than enough.  During the summer, they have a back patio for socializing, and usually put up some chairs and a pop up out front as well.  And for those who can't make it for growlers every week, or would just sit at home in a happy cider coma if they did local establishments like Fatheads, New Amsterdam, Kaya, BRGR, Wingharts, Gooski's, and Bocktown are all supporting the local cause and carrying Arsenal Ciders.  Do yourself a favor and get lit.
5	Arsenal Cider House and Wine Cellar is just another great thing to happen to Pittsburgh.  Across the street from a stone wall remaining from the Civil War, Arsenal Cider House is a small tasting room with a lot of character...and some really good cider.On a snowy Saturday business was slow but steady.  We chatted with the owners and sampled the 4 ciders they had.  I loved being able to drink the growler we purchased right in the tasting room.  The personal touch to the growler was great, as she asked my name and wrote "General Jessica" on the label.  Totally awesome.  New growlers run $20 - $24, and growler refills are $13 - $15.   The location is great, the cider is delicious, and I'm looking forward to gathering a group of friends to chill outside in the summer.
5	Dear God, could there ever be anything cooler than what is going on down in the Larkin's Lawrenceville basement? Ok ok, I won't bore you by repeating what everyone else has said except to say that IT'S ALL TRUE, and that had better excite you big time. Other cool things...the flavours are constantly changing as the couple experiments, which is a huge selling point for any home brewery, but I think more so when you're talking about an actual in-my-home brewery, and feel more connected to the creation process.  Very exciting thing to be happening in Pittsburgh, you should definitely get over there and support the heck out of them, get your growler, and thereby enlist in the army of cider advocates.Just as a TMI FYI: if you're slight-figured and think cider tastes like apple juice, you're going to have a lot of fun if you find yourself at the bottom of your growler on the same day you bought it. Might wanna go for a bone dry to slow yourself down, ha!
5	This place is awesome!  I love that they make the cider into sorbet and every cider tastes amazing!  The people there are also so nice!  (How many exclamation points can I use?)I haven't been there in a while but last I was there, the decor was simple.  They know what they are about... cider!
5	I really didn't know what to expect when making my way to Arsenal, but I heard only good things about it so I was eager to finally get an opportunity to check it out.  It's a house!  Ok, I know like every review mentions that, but some reason I couldn't picture it. And for some reason I envisioned more of a bar setting, but don't be mistaken like me.  It's in a completely residential area and there was a sign on the sidewalk with their name on it.  So I made my way in and it's fairly small inside but very inviting.  The woman behind the "bar" (area where the taps are) gave me a tasting of all the ciders and wines.  I can't recall the name of the cider that I chose but it was light, crisp and delish - perfect for the summer.  It's more of a buy your cider and leave sorta place, but I was told that some people purchase their growler grab a few glasses and sit outside in their patio area.  Since I was by myself, I got my growler to go.  This is Sargent Serena R. signing off and go to Arsenal...it's an order!  Did I mention they have a Civil War theme going on...how cool is that?!?!
5	A unique place with fantastic owners that want to educate their customers.  It gets five stars for what it brings to Pittsburgh.  You would expect this type of place in Portland, the Mission District in San Francisco, or the Bywater in NO.  The owners want you to introduce you to cider, appreciate the different types, enjoy it, and then take some home to share.  Are you going to spend your entire night there, probably not.  But it's a great place to spend an hour or so to start your night.  And it is a house and it is not easy to find from the street.  Just plug in the address and park.  You'll see it.
5	Sorbet with an alcohol content? YUP.I had no idea this existed prior to Arsenal. Since our first visit a few months ago, we have become regulars, and its due to both the absolutely fantastic ciders and sorbets, and Michelle's friendliness and hospitality. I'm a fan of the sweet, but not so into the dry, so I can't tell you much if you're into that. But, if you are a sweet-lover like myself, here are my top picks: raspberry, grape, blueberry, amber, catawba, honeysuckle, and the delightful 'Santa' (cinnamon apple). The only caveat of Arsenal is that the ABV is higher than most, and this stuff goes down sooo smooth... It's way too easy to drink an entire growler all by yourself!Oh, one more warning that will hopefully prevent others from doing what I did: After you've finished your growler, you will undoubtedly want more. Wash it out, let it dry upside down in a dish rack, then put the lid back on it, and close it. I didn't close the lid once, and my bf just took the bottle back to Arsenal and got it refilled. I came home, took a swig right outta the growler, and it tasted a little.. off. Then, he poured it into a cup, and guess what? I'd just drank a bunch of fruit flies. Are you gagging? I sure did. Okay, now forget that you read this last paragraph, and go get some delicious cider and sorbet!
5	I think based on the 5* rating, Arsenal is pretty awesome and you should go. There really isn't much to say that hasn't already been said, but I have swung in Arsenal almost every time I have been in Lawrenceville (which is ... a lot more times than I am prepared to admit on this forum). They do a really nice job of maintaining a variety, both seasonal and delicious favorites. For example, last week they had the apple cinnamon on tap. Its obviously not apple cinnamon season but then again, why not? You can get their tasty cider treats all over town now too. One of the greatest moments in Pittsburgh bar history was probably when Fat Heads got rid of Framboise taps and replaced them with Arsenal Cider. If that's not true love ... I don't know what is. Also - if you do swing by, and haven't been ... grab a growler (first growler will run you $18-24 for the bottle + a fill, refills are anywhere from $10-18 depending on what you get thereafter) and mellow outside on the benches for a bit. You're likely to meet some friendly locals while you consume your fresh pour.
5	My first experience here was on a Saturday evening. I bought a growler, sampled some sorbet, and listened to a local folk singer play a song about how Bruce Springsteen stole his woman at a show in Pittsburgh back in the 1976. I was sold.
5	My hubby suggested this place after seeing it in the Best of Pittsburgh lists in Pittsburgh magazine. We weren't disappointed. Although initially surprised to find it on a residential block, once we learned the story behind the place, the location makes the whole experience so much better. We've liked all of the flavors that we've tried. Buy a growler, grab some cups and share it with your friends or take it home and enjoy it all yourself.
5	Their accidental creation of the "Pleach" (plum and peach fused together) cider is THE greatest accident since the Viagra pill. It's sweet, sensual and has a long effect on you ;) The stuff's potent as it is 8% alcohol!The store looks very southern inside, with the civil war-esque decor. Great selection of ciders, all of which are made downstairs.It's a bit pricier than I had expected. I spent about $24 per bottle. Understandable since the bottle coughs up about $5 of the cost, but stil, it's $19 then! But it's great, and with many BYOB places nearby, you should definitely visit here before you eat. Enjoy!
4	Yes! (what everyone else says) This place is great. The cider is delightful. They don't sell pints, just growlers (about $20/liter). If you just want a refill, it's $6 cheaper. If you have your own growler, they'll charge you per liter and maybe give you a discount for having your own growler. You can sample all of the ciders!We got Fester's Folly (the plum and peach one), and Fighting Elleck (the most popular apple cider).
5	I don't have much to add to what others have said, but I will say this place is amazing.  The cost of their ciders/wines may turn some away. but they are 100% worth it.  The people that run the place are super nice, and you get to try ~5 different ones to help make up your mind.  You can get a punch card if you become a frequent customer (which I totally intend to become).If you like wine or cider at all, you NEED to check this place out.  You won't regret it. Can't wait to get back there for a refill!
5	Oh my god, their cider is good. And they give you a great growler with your name and rank on it so that you can take it home with you. What more is there to know? Oh, most of the ciders are $12ish (assuming you have a growler), and you should check their hours to make sure they're open.Now get going!
5	Sergeant Stacie reporting for duty - 11.5% at a time!As you walk up to Arsenal Cider House, you can just smell the goodness that is inside.  There is a fruity smell in the air outside the building that draws you in and from there it just gets better.  Expect to be greeted by one of the friendly owners who will gladly offer up any samples and explain anything and everything about what they do and their products.  The decor harkens back to the Civil War era and in keeping with the theme, everyone is given a rank with their growler.  After trying all the available options, I decided on the Honey Crisp Apple Cider.  I'll admit, the first growler is a bit pricey.  But going back for refills is cheaper once you have the bottle.  We were warned to be careful as the ciders are all high in alcohol content compared to most beers.  Finishing a growler in one night could result in waking up on the floor the next morning so it is important that you drink responsibly.  Or better yet, share with friends!I enjoyed experiencing all of the available products and plan to return for refills.  I was told that the cider will keep for up to a month if left unopened....but who are we kidding?
5	I really love apple cider and wines. Really, they're the only wines I can handle. I'm kind of glad I don't live in Pittsburgh anymore, otherwise I'd probably drink a growler a day. This place has some of the best cider I've ever had.
4	Huge fan of these types of places.  A little home brew place tucked away on a street you usually pass by.  You really are just entering someone's home who seems to wish they were living in a cabin.  The dark wood, the fire place, the rustic charm does grab you right away which is all good in my book.  The ladies working push samples of their deliciously dry ciders and hooch wines on you till you find the perfect pairing for your unique palette.  The prices are what you'd expect from a craft high end cider/wine.  Bring your own growler and the prices are even more fair.  I have had and really like the Hopped Up Cider, Vanilla Bourbon Cider, and the Sour Cherry Cider.  I had and thought Santa's Cinnamon Cider was just decent.  And their grape is pretty good, but not great in my opinion.Now the ONLY reason I subtracted a star is because the ciders aren't fantastic and the place is usually overrun with hipsters rubbing elbows and trying be part of the scene....All that being said, GO try the Ciders at Arsenal Cider House!  Don't waste your money getting them at your local watering holes, buy it from the source.
4	So cute! So cozy! Yes, basically this is someone's living room where you can chill out and have a few glasses of cider. What about it?The ciders here are pretty unique, and I found a couple that I liked. I did wish there were more classic cider options--you know, that kinda sweet, kinda tart flavor. Most of their ciders at the time we visited were very sour and more wine-y in taste (don't you love my super professional descriptions?). I love mead but sadly wasn't very impressed by theirs, which had no discernable honey flavor. But all around, it was a good offering, I just wish there was a bit more variety since all those sour high-alcohol ones tasted really similar to me. My favorites of the ones I've tried have been the Young's Plum and the Santa's Cinnamon.Three minor things I didn't like:1. We weren't given any information about the ciders we sampled, they were just handed to us without a word. Perhaps because we were relatively young and they thought we didn't have an appreciation for what they were doing here? I mean, I'm in my mid-twenties and look like a teenager so I'm used to being treated as such...what can you do, really?2. There was an iPod playing instrumental music that made me feel like I was in the Civil War. I wasn't a big fan of that, but at least it wasn't Mumford & Sons or the Lumineers or some other shitty faux-Americana band which I could totally see someone thinking was a good idea in this sort of setting. So really I shouldn't complain...3. I wish the setup in the living room was more conducive to meeting other visitors, maybe tables with benches instead of individual chairs. It feels a little antisocial!Regardless, good cider, good atmosphere, and prices for a growler fill are not bad (after ten fills, you get one free). And it's the only cider house in the city, so that's awesome in and of itself!
5	Awesome cider- awesome experience. The two women that were at the bar were extremely  friendly and let us taste whatever we liked. The cider was very tasty and I loved how you can just arrange chairs to hand out in the living room areas.Overall- homey environment, delicious cider and friendly people. Who could ask for more?
4	Love the cider but wish they'd offer 1/6 kegs and bigger, to people off the street and not just bars .  It is on the expensive side for the amount you get in a growler and whatever...
5	Exceptional cider, fantastic ambiance. Love the owners. We are difficult customers at a cider house, since my husband and I brew our own. They were so accommodating, answering all of our difficult questions, and giving us an inside peek into their brewing setup. Highly recommended!
4	Lots of good ciders on tap. Buy and fill a growler, then open it and have a drink. Small space was crowded while we were there, so we didn't linger.  We bought 2 growlers to take home. Very good!
5	Cool place! We went in, sampled the wares, grabbed three growlers and drank them in Arsenal Park, laying in the sun with the ladyfriend. The lady behind the counter was super duper nice, and it's just a fun place, a bit of a change of pace if you're a beer/wine drinker. Make sure to sample everything, not every kind of cider is going to be your thing.
5	Local, unique, tasty, friendly, fantastic.  What more can I say?  This place is great.  The owners are super hospitable.  Selections are nice and change every so often.  Highly recommended.
5	This placed lived up to the hype! Spent the weekend in Pittsburgh and made a point of stopping here. We tasted the entire line-up and everything was good. We ordered the ginger-infused cider and sat on the back patio.... Fun afternoon. Friendly staff. Great cider!
5	This is the reason I have not moved from Pittsburgh. Great people and great cider, nothing more needs to be said.
5	So very Pittsburgh! A house with two rooms where you can buy various types of cider - dry, half dry, sweet - and a few other things, a few tables there, a few seats outside - for when it's a beautiful evening. Cider is good, people are friendly, crowd good-humored. So very Pittsburgh.
5	I love this place.The people who work here all love it and the product is phenomenal. I am constantly heading here when their facebook page entices me with the name of a wonderful new flavor that they are tapping.  I just headed back here the other day for the Pumpkin Apple which is delicious!  I first tried their cider at a friends house and I was addicted.  I couldn't wait to go and try more flavors and I couldn't stop talking about it.  I knew when our friends visited from New York we had to bring them here. They only sell growlers of the cider, but they have cups and you are more than welcome to pick up a growler and hang out or head home with it.  I will be returning over and over again.
5	This cider is heavenly. Took some friends from out of town to pick up growlers to enjoy on a particularly beautiful day. Everyone found something they raved about. We ended up with a growler of the Fighting Elleck (the crowd favorite), Picket Bone Dry (my choice), and a ginger cider (ginger is not my thing so I didn't partake but my two friends who did thought it was amazing). The Fighting Elleck has universal appeal but the Picket was the standout in my mind. Such a unique flavor from start to finish. Also, the woman working at the store was very helpful with suggestions and more than accommodating with making sure we sampled our selections. Be forewarned: the ciders are on the pricy side but no more so than I'd expect from a local brewery (and the quality justified the price/if you want cheaper cider, pick up a 6-pack of Woodchuck). Overall great experience.
5	I am so incredibly happy this is in my neighborhood.  The owners are passionate, wonderful people who really take an interest in every single customer.  I'm always excited to see what new cider they have on tap.  It never fails that I end up trying at least 3, because all are so good that I can't make up my mind!  My only gripe is that I wish they added additional hours.  I've gifted a few growlers to friends.  This is an especially great gift for anyone that has a gluten allergy.
5	This is one of my favorite places to take friends when they come to visit. You can sample up to five varieties of cider and if you taste with another person, you can try all ten! Many local bars and restaurants feature Arsenal ciders, which I love!! Mad Mex, Fat Heads, Kaya, Carson Street Deli, and many other spots always have two or more options on tap.My usual favorites are the Picket Bone Dry, the Fighting Elleck, and the Sour Cherry. They usually have a different monthly seasonal cider. October featured Pumpkin, November was Cranberry (another personal favorite), and Santa (apple cinnamon) is coming on Wednesday, December 4th. Michelle, the owner, mentioned that they will be featuring Rhubarb after the holidays. Yum!After you pick your favorite ciders, you order by the growler. Once you have purchased a growler of cider (prices range from $15 to $25), you can take your cider to go, or you can sit and drink it in their quaint space filled with several dark wooden tables and historical details. Refills range from $13 to $20, and trust me, you will going back again and again and again.
5	Absolutely amazing!! Super friendly and soo helpful! Never was a wine drinker but I am now! Highly recommend!
5	After hearing my friend - and fellow Yelp Elite Carly K - rave about Arsenal for months, we finally came here together on Saturday night! I loved Arsenal so much that I'm already looking to see when I can come here again this week and refill my bottle.Arsenal is located in an old house, and the two rooms are no more than several hundred square feet in size. The front room has a bar and a cash register. The second room has 5 or so high top tables where you can pop open your growler with friends and enjoy their delicious ciders in house.Of course, their most popular ciders, Bone Dry and Fighting Elleck, were on tap. I had tried both at a recent Yelp event at Carson Street Deli in South Side. You're guaranteed to love one or the other! Fighting Elleck is my favorite and more of a traditional, sweet cider, while Bone Dry is... well... dry!The more seasonal options available were Honey Crisp, Plum, Rhubarb, and Sour Cherry. All 4 were just as good as Bone Dry and Fighting Elleck are! However, my favorite of the night was Plum, which is what I purchased a growler of. Sooo delicious! If you like Lindemans Framboise, you will love this stuff.*One note -- Don't take your own growler! I took a cute little growler that I had purchased from West Elm for Christmas, and Arsenal only sells cider in their own bottles, which are a different size.
4	Here are the things that I LOVE about Arsenal:   The Cider and Meade are spectacular; local small business; the product is always changing; there is a clear & detailed black board to tell you what you're buying; the sorbet is outta this world; tasting before buying ... 'nuff said!; the owners care about their business; it's simply a fun place to go; there's history incorporated throughout the neighborhood, establishment AND products!Here's the one thing that's not awesome:  We are not all a skip from Lawrenceville and although you may know the name of the items currently tapped (through Facebook), you won't get any information regarding sweet/dry/semi-sweet, etc. until you get there and try it.  When trying to engage through Facebook to get some of the information that is posted on the black board in the shop I was told "You'll just have to stop in and try it!"  That sounds very fun and all, but not-so-much when you're from Monroeville - a trip to Arsenal is a planned outing.So, I have my three growlers and when we're having company and want to show off the local talent, I pick up a couple and hopefully one for me to enjoy.  But when it's just me and Santa Cinnamon or Honey Meade aren't tapped, --sadly-- I don't make the trip.It's a unique place that turns flavors/taps barrels quickly.  It's more expensive than a bottle of wine, but is a true Pittsburgh experience and you don't get that from the State Store!  ...and when you stop be sure and try the sorbet!
5	Venture Outdoors hosted a tour of Arsenal Cider House - the husband and wife team are clearly dedicated to this endeavor!  Having never tried hard cider, didn't know what to expect.  I was blown away!  We loved sampling the items, trying their cider frozen cups, and walking away with our own bottles to share at home.Whenever we're near Lawrenceville, the clean and empty bottles are with us ready for a refill of whatever they have on tap.  Loved being able to give a few bottles as gifts for the holidays.Bring your own cup so you can pop open a bottle and enjoy a glass while you savor the unique Civil War themed store.Simply no where else quite like this place, that's why I give it such a high rating!
5	This may be my favorite place in Pittsburgh. The ciders are always great, and they always let you try all the flavors. There are always one or two inventive ciders. I love the meade when they have it. The people who run this place always make you feel like you are their most important customer, even if the entire store is full of people. My friend and I went here the other night and they gave us a free container of rhubarb sorbet (probably because they saw our punch cards and figured out that we go here to get cider... a lot). A very unique place- Highly recommend.
5	This place is fantastic! Friendly service and the cider is the only cider I care to drink!
5	Friendly staff, great cider!   Will be back!
4	Cider is all the rage it seems, and being that it's naturally gluten free can't hurt it's popularity either. Arsenal Ciders makes a pretty awesome cider as well as other fruit ciders like plum and peace. I think my favorite is the one that has Ginger in it. The little house in Lawrenceville will be your destination for delicious ciders. You can drink your cider there or just take it to go.
4	You have to respect a place where the taps are operated by a skeletal arm clutching cherries.  For those of you (like me) who think cider is all about disgustingly sweet syrupy fruit drinks, prepare to have your mind changed.  Half the ciders on tap are dry and not very sweet at all.  Wish I could take a bottle of the cherry cider in carry on!  One star removed for the lack of a proper cider tasting flight, but I assume that has more to do with the local liquor licensing laws than anything else.
5	Excellent cider at a great price, if you bring back their growlers for reuse. The flavors change, but there will always be a wide range from dry to sweet that should appeal to everyone. The staff is super friendly, and will let you sample up to four different ciders during your visit. The interior is also very charming and quirky.
5	Great place to hang out with a group of friends and share mead! The cider house can be a little hard to find but it is worth the trip. You can try multiple ciders/meads until you find the one to your liking. They do not serve pints but you can buy a growler and drink it in house or to go.
4	Drinks: 5Decor: 4.5Ambiance: 4.5Service: 4.5Value: 4
5	A MUST VISIT when in the East End of Pittsburgh. The cider selection is quite large, more than you can count on two hands. But fear not, sampling is required anyhow if you're going to buy two bottles. Remember to wash and keep these for return visits, it save you 25% of the original cost. The varieties are quite drastically different from one another, so there truly is something for everyone. And the selections are constantly changing. This place is so good at what they do that they can hardly keep up with the demand. Don't forget to buy some sorbet, delicious AND alcoholic!
5	This place is awesome! I've been coming here for years and they always have a great selection and quality of brewed on sight cider. They added outdoor and indoor seating for convenience. Staff is SO FRIENDLY and personable. They have a Civil War theme for any history buffs. If you haven't gone here and you like cider I'm not sure how you live with yourself.
5	Fantastic selection, friendly staff, delicious cider.  It's a must-do if you visit Pittsburgh.
5	Great cider and pleasant customer service. Everyone is very knowledgeable and friendly.
5	If you love wine--or boozy frozen desserts--you need to check this place out--stat!I stopped in with some friends this past Sat. evening to pick up a couple of growlers of cider.  I'd already had their raspberry ale at Fat Heads, which was delicious, and which excited me for what was to come.  After sampling a few of their offerings, we collectively decided on the Archibald's amber and Concord grape.  Both were on the sweeter side, but weren't as sweet as I was expecting (esp. for the grape)--in a good way.  I actually prefer semi-sweet alcoholic beverages to cloyingly sweet ones, so this was perfect for me!Since it was pretty packed at the time we stopped in (7:30pm), we decided to take the growlers back to one of our places to drink.  This also gave us the opportunity to order some pizza to soak up the booze.  I really enjoyed the flavors of both of the ciders we ordered--both were quite rich and complex.  If I had to choose a favorite, it would be the grape, due to the depth of the flavor.  The raspberry cider I had at Fat Heads actually tasted more like red wine than it did--its flavor was really unique.  My friends also really enjoyed both of the ciders, as attested by the fact that both growlers were pretty much dry after 1.5-2 hrs.My favorite thing that I bought here, however, was the sorbet.  At the time I stopped in, they were serving the concord grape, and it was delicious!  It was much sweeter than the concord grape cider, but it was so refreshing and made the perfect dessert.  I offered all of my friend spoonfuls except for the one driving--unfortunately, she didn't get to try it since I'd greedily eaten it all up in the 15 min. it took to arrive at our destination.  I'll definitely be stopping in here for an occasional boozy sweet treat from now on--just watch out for me swerving on my bike on the way back to my place!
5	This beautifully decorated cider house will blast you back to civil war eras while giving you something tasty to sip. After grabbing lunch and perusing boutiques down on Butler, my friend and I grabbed a growler of festive pumpkin cider and sat out in the newly opened cider garden. The atmosphere alone was enough to warrant my desire to return to this location, but the delicious fall inspired cider was worthy of a trip just to get my growler refilled. If you have any questions about what to try your first time there, feel free to ask the friendly staff! They will let you sample a few ciders before you commit, and tell you the story behind their start if you ask kindly. Also, if you aren't up to a full growler, they now sell cider, wine, and SORBET by the glass.
5	If you have never been to Arsenal, go now. I'm serious. Get off your computer and go.Seriously though, it's great. My friend took me here about a year ago for the first time. I have yet to be disappointed in the slightest. I don't even consider myself a huge cider fan, but everything from here is so good.There are always a decent number of varieties to choose from. I'm not a fan of sweet ciders, so I usually stick to the bone dry and off-dry selections. The Fighting Elleck is a balanced classic and I would recommend it for any first-timers who are unsure what to choose. It's has a perfectly clear gold color and is very bubbly, reminiscent of champagne. Closer to the holidays they have a cranberry cider which is one of the most wonderful  things I have ever tasted. Dramatic? Maybe. True? Definitely.Prices are very reasonable given that this stuff is hand-crafted. Just keep in mind you can only use one of their growlers for refills (they're a different size than most, I believe). The owners are extremely helpful and friendly, and sampling is welcomed and encouraged.All in all, a great place to pick up something special to split with a friend over dinner as a great alternative to wine.
5	I have lived in Lawrenceville for over a year now and I had no idea that Arsenal Cider House was so nearby. I am kind of disappointed that I missed out on going there last year. Though I was unaware of the location, I had ordered Arsenal ciders on several occasions at different bars around the area (mostly Industry). I went to Arsenal for the first time for a fall fest they were having complete with live music in their outdoor garden and food from Butcher in the Rye. My friend and I split a growler of a cider that had bourbon in it. I can not remember the name of it at this moment, but I would definitely recommend it. The thing I love about Arsenal ciders is that they are not cloyingly sweet. Also, the alcohol content on this one was about 9%, so it is pretty serious. Arsenal allows you to try several samples of their ciders before committing to a full growler, which was helpful to me in my decision making. I will definitely be stopping by the garden hopefully at least once more before it gets too cold. The indoor space is nice too for hanging out and splitting a growler.
5	I really need to appreciate the fact that this amazing place is so close to home! The cider is outstanding!  The owners are great and you can really tell that this place is their passion. I love that they sell cider by the glass now. It's the perfect meeting place for a drink and a snack (you can bring your own). The outdoor patio is a beautiful addition.  A great place take out of town friends.
5	This place is the best thing about lawrenceville.  Their Cider Garden is ADORABLE.  I was there opening weekend.  I have not had a bad cider yet!The bourbon cider is strong and delicious.The Busthead Red (raspberry cider) is amazing.The Baby Waker (blackberry) is probably my favorite.Here's a pro-tip mix the Baby Waker and Busthead together... you get a Busthead Red Baby Waker and it tastes like the best jam you've ever had.I will continue to frequent this place because it deserves all of my money.  The inside is incredibly adorable.  The growlers to go give you a neat little name "General" "Corporal" etc.  I love.  It's very rustic looking on the inside and you imagine you are in a time period far ago.  If you haven't tried their ciders, DO IT.  If you haven't seen the cider garden yet, DO IT NOW.
