4	Lancaster's new location on Beatties Ford Rd. continues the legacy of great NC style bbq and wings with a decor that is decidedly southern.Long a Mooresville staple,  the spacious new digs sees Lancaster's spreading south, near Exit 18 and the Northlake Mall area.The interior is what you would expect from a southern bbq and wing joint in the heart of NC: NASCAR memorabilia, farm equipment signage such as John Deere ads, and an impressive collection of signs denoting various gasoline brands.It definitely offers a bit of old-school charm and nostalgia, harkening back to simpler times when a community was a community and gas was well under a $1. But I digress...The food, as always, is typical Lancasters. Great bbq, great wings.I ordered a bbq and chicken finger sammich...that's bbq with chicken on the same bun. Kind of an odd combination, but excellent. The hush puppies are a must-order as well.Wednesdays are Bike Night at the new location, and there are plenty of rows of video games to entertain the kids while you saddle up to the bar and talk Harley-speak with the clan that just rolled through the door.
4	Perfect example of BBQ done well. I have tried the pulled pork BBQ and numerous side dishes including the deep fried mushrooms and the onion rings, all are delicious. The tea is sweet, the hush puppies are plenty, and the prices are low. It is a great family place to eat until you fufill your gluttonous desires. I would definitely recommend Lancaster's BBQ for anyone looking for a great North Carolina BBQ experience.
3	We came across this delicious BBQ joint hiding on our way to the Latta Plantation Equestrian center. Ten bucks got me a Pork plate with two sides. BBQ was very good, but my sides were just alright. Brunswick stew just wasn't very hearty or flavorful. Not that i order it all the time, but it's the first time i've ever seen it served on a plate and not in a cup or bowl. My other side was the mashed potatoes and gravy which were a little better. They start you off with a nice basket of hush puppies which were pretty tasty. Always a bonus when i get food just for sitting down. We ordered the fried mushrooms before we knew hush puppies were coming, but i'm glad we did. They were served with ranch and done just right in a way where the mushroom didn't just fall out of it's fried shell when you take a bite. It was a great value for the half basket ($3).The location is not that far from from the Northlake Mall area, but far enough away that i'm not sure we'll end up here again.
3	Dang was closed for winter hours the first day we tried to eat here :( Went back the next day for lunch... Food was pretty good (:Brisket was good, wings tasty, kids burger was good, build your own and friggn big ! The spicy chicken was aight, onion rings were lame tho. The complimentary endless hush puppies are an added bonus but may fill you up if you eat to many lol before you enjoy your entree.
2	Dry meat, mediocre sweet tea, 75 cents a slice for bread, run of the mill sauce, vinegar sauce that is just vinegar.i think i've had better bbq sandwiches at KFC
4	Very cool decor...  great bbq..  had pork dinner..  brunswick stew, and fries.  Hushpuppies were really good as well.Beer selection lacking.
3	The food was good and the place is very convenient if you up in and around Huntersville, but the wait staff has a lot to be desired.  There are two few of them and easily overwhelmed.  And if you are not familar with the restaurant and the menu, they don't tend to be that helpful.  I would give it another try, but not going to go out of my way to recommend or rush back -
3	Had a chance to check out Lancasters last week from some BBQ take-out. Have driven past this place for years and never stopped in. Located on Beatties Ford just north of Mount Holly-Huntersville Road, it's easy to miss. There's a restaurant side and a bar side, which is where the take out area is. Very friendly staff. Ordered the chicken/pork combo and it was decent. Nothing wowed me about it, but it was pretty good. The mac & cheese side was really good though and I'd recommend that. Good place for a quick lunch and I can see why this is a 5pm place for many workers. Pork was better than the chicken, so if I go again, I'll probably just go with the pork platter.
3	3.5 stars The service was slow and still we had to ask for napkins and naps for the ribs. The food was awesome, from the jalapeno  chicken strips to the bar-balo chicken wings, would love a bottle of that bar-balo sauce! The ribs were fall off the bone, something  hard to find back here in San Jose. I still have dreams of the ribs and wished I Fred Flinstoned some in the car back with me to the airport on my way home!
4	Pretty decent BBQ, standard BBQ beans at good prices! The vinegar slaw is FANTASTIC! Not what you would expect - The color is yellow which comes from the mustard & vinegar dressing with "pulverized slaw". We loved it. Just wish they had more choices of sauces. Friendly waitresses. The background music was scratchy and didn't seem to "fit" the style of this restaurant.
5	Lancasters has some of the best BBQ around, but if you don't like Eastern NC style BBQ, its not the place for you.
5	We had some family in town and wanted to take them somewhere for BBQ.  So we searched Yelp for reviews of local BBQ and we found Lancaster.  I got the pork dinner tray, my husband and mother-in-law got their chicken and my father-in-law got the ribs.  Everything was great, but I have to say that my favorite after having a sampling was their chicken with the spicy sauce.  Oh my!  that chicken was awesome!!!!!  My husband and I both thought it was the greatest we ever had and we are eager to come back to try their wings.
3	Have had some 4 star meals here and some 3 star meals but the former have been outweighed the latter thus the rating of 3 for this review.  If you don't stray too far from the Eastern NC style pork, you will generally walk away relatively satisfied.  It's some of the other things on the menu where the adventure begins.  The fried catfish is usually very good.  The wings however are a real crap shoot.  No matter where I go, I ask for wings to be well done or extra crispy.  I don't care if the meat inside is on the dry side, I just don't want soft, non-crisp skin on them.  Lancaster's misses the mark more often than not. Including on my most recent visit this past Saturday.On this visit I got a half and half wings/pork combo.  As usual, the pork was good with mostly lean, pretty well smoked meat but the wings a soggy mess.  Aside from the limp skin, they were way under-seasoned and bland.  Tasted mostly like grease even with the buffalo sauce they were shaken in.  The creamy coleslaw for a side was also in need of a good dose of salt and pepper.  The onion rings though... Out of this world good.  Light, very crispy batter.  Obviously cooked to order and served piping hot and delicious.  Some of the best O-rings I've had in Charlotte.Lancaster's is what it is and as long as it continues in the A-OK 3 star or better range, I'll be back as it is a low key, casual atmosphere and I enjoy just a quick bite at the bar every once in a while.  Just remind me to go for the catfish and skip the wings!
2	It's not for me. The Mac 'n cheese did not taste homemade or fresh and for me that is a big no-no in the South. The pulled pork had way too much black pepper for my preference. Too bad, I just moved close by and wanted this place to be our go-to place for dinner out.
5	We have been eating at the Lancasters in Mooresville forever and couldn't wait for the South location to open.  It is always hard to decide between the ribs, wings and pork so I have to do a combo to make it easier.  Their fried mushrooms are a must get and it tough to pick them over the o-rings b/c they're the best in the area.  Both locations have great food but the staff at the South location isn't as good as the original in Mooresville. Even when the locations look like they will be packed or there are people standing outside, there is always a table available with little to no wait, so don't drive away.  We enjoy taking family from out of state b/c they handle the large table seating requirements without delays. I believe others feel the same way and it is people like us standing around after the meal that make it look like we're waiting to be seated.
4	Lancaster's BBQ is a nice place to eat in or take out and the staff are always friendly.  I have enjoyed the catfish (one of my favs), and chicken included in the kids' meal, as well as BBQ.  I am not a Southern girl, so I think BBQ is what you make of it.  If it tastes good to me, I am happy.  Now that I am writing this review, I look forward to going back soon to enjoy the the BBQ Chicken Salad!  This place can fill up on Friday nights, so arrive early.
4	I've now been here twice thanks to my lovely bestie and her hubby.  We had been here already the first time I visited Charlotte and we were all planned to go to another restaurant that we saw on Diner, Drive-Ins and Dives, but they were closed on Sundays and Mondays and well, it was Sunday.  The staff was great.  Super nice.  Hush Puppies are complementary while you wait for your food.  I got a combo plate with 1/4 Fried Chicken and BBQ Brisket.  Yum.  The fried chicken was crispy and moist.  It was very simple coating, probably just flour, salt and pepper.  Nothing special.  The brisket was great.  I don't think I even went to grab for the sauce.  Just ate it with what it came with.My friends loved their food too.Prices are pretty decent.
4	The Jamaican Honey wings are de-li-cious!!!!!  I did not like the salt & pepper catfish; and will stay away from the fish from now on no matter how it's made.  I still have to try to BBQ chicken salad.
3	The people here are really nice but there is nothing special about the food.....the wings(dry), tenders(not seasoned), fish(blah), hush puppies(ok).....all average.  That being said, I will probably never go back here for the food but I will return for the funnel cake sticks that simply blew my mind!  And to think I almost missed out on this special treat....a young lady came in to order 'funnel cake sticks' and that was it, she then looked at me and advised me to do the same.......and I did.......yummy, the best decision I had made that day!
3	Good food, good people, plus alcohol!
4	After a visit to the 2nd Annual NC Brewers & Music Festival, we happened to see this little BBQ place and decided to give it a try.  We were glad we did!  There were a few regulars & families eating in the restaurant seating area, as well as the separate bar area.  After looking over the extensive menu, hubby opted for the fried mushroom appetizer, and the bbq plate w/chicken wings & mac & cheese.  I had the chopped bbq sandwich & fries (extra crispy).  The sandwich was so big I took half home!  Loved the option of 2 different sauces as well.  The service was delightful and friendly, with your typical small southern town clientele.  Loved the complimentary hush puppies too!  Definitely stop in this place if you're in the area, or feel like a nice drive outside of Charlotte for some good BBQ and company.
4	I've been going to Lancaster's for a while now and although I've had the off meal or two, all in all, I am a fan of this place.Due to the fact that I work fairly close to Lancaster's, I try to get takeout as much as I can.  My go-to-meal is the BAR-BA-LO wings which are legendary around these parts.  Their ranch, when you can get it cold, it above par as well.  We've all heard of the magical Bar-ba-lo wings that many places claim to have originated.  Well, I don't know if Lancaster's Bar-Ba-Lo's were the first, but they sure are the best!  The wings are always meaty and dripping with loads of sauce.  Of course you always have the option to ask for them extra crispy.  Me personally, I love them how they come.  *Kid's cheeseburger is legit - very cost effective, yet filling.  It comes with fries.  *Cobb and Maui Salads are excellent.  I usually add a hard-boiled egg onto each.*BBQ sandwich is good, comes with a side of BBQ sauce (vinegar) and slaw.  *I have never had the brisket personally, but I've been told by coworkers that its phenomenal. To me, its better to take your food and go if you have that option available. Sometimes the waitress service can be spotty and it can take a while to get your meal during lunch time.  The to-go area is always quick and the service is always great.  Lancaster's is not a world beater when it comes to BBQ, especially in such a hot-bed of 'QUE.  With that being said, its definitely worth a try and is probably the best BBQ option in the immediate area.
4	I have eaten here three times now, and once at their mooresville location.  Love the food, always get good service, place is clean, prices are reasonable.  The beef brisket and the hushpuppies are my two favorite things, but I've liked everything I've had here.  Definitely a regular stop for me when I want BBQ.
4	Tonight, I tried the Chic-A-Que, a fried chicken breast sandwich with pork barbeque with barbeque sauce. I'm a fan and I'll be back.
4	Due to the location, this place is a short stop for my parent's place and I have came here numerous times. And as a regular, so goes my dishes.What I usually get and recommend (and I have tried):1. Open face brisket. Yes, this I think is their best dish that they offer. It comes with 4 briskets served on 2 buns covered in gravy, mushrooms, and onions. However, my parents, and sometimes I, think that the gravy could become a little too salty. But not to fret, ask the pretty waitress for it on the side and she will graciously oblige. 2. New Orleans Chicken. Now this one is interesting. A little tangy, spicy, and some interesting flavors mixed in with the chicken topped off with mushrooms and onions with 2 sides and a piece of bread. To me, I thought the chicken was a little dry, but that goes with all grilled type of chicken in restaurants. I have yet to find a chicken dish where the meat is succulent and where all the juice comes flowing out when you bite in it.3. Turkey SandwichGreat dish for lunch. Comes with tomatoes and lettuce, and a good portion of turkey. If you don't want something to fill you up to the top and give you the afternoon slumber this will be the dish that calls you.I usually get something different every time I come here so it would be interesting. I still need to try their chicken sandwiches which is probably something I will get the next time I come here.
4	Had colleagues from Europe in town recently.  Two different groups during back to back weeks.  Not far from our offices so it was the easy choice.  I've been here several times before and knew this would be a safe bet to give them a taste of Carolina Q without having to go far after a long day at work.First group was last week and 4 of us sampled a wide variety of offerings from the menu.  They thought the fried pickles were the strangest thing they had ever seen on a menu and had to try them. They could not stop eating them and raving about how good they were.  (I like them too)  Thoroughly impressed with the BBQ across the board as I knew they would be. A great time was had by all.Well the second group comes into town this week and yes, had heard all about the food/experience from the first group and insisted we had to go.  And the fried pickles were the first thing that asked about and ordered.  Again, a great meal and overall experience was had by all.  I guess this has now become a regular spot for whenever they come over for a visit.As I said above, I have been here before and Lancaster's is on my "regular rotation" of BBQ spots.  I've never been disappointed.  Very casual with good food and always great service.   Prices are very reasonable too.Check it out.
5	EAT THE BRISKET! EAT THE BRISKET! You will never enjoy brisket any where else ever again. Sorry
5	Let me start off by saying "WOW".  I first thought this was some hole in the wall bbq place in NC but then I was truly shocked about how great the food was.  I don't eat too much friend chicken but the way they cook/season there chicken is like no other.  Then you got these sources they dip the chicken in was is just amazing.  We order a half of chicken dipped, coleslaw, bang bang shrimp and a cake.  I enjoyed every bit of it so much that I went back the next day.  The next time I'm in charlotte again I'm hitting this place up for sure.  The customer service was also just a good and very friendly people who take the time to explain/discuss the menu with you.  I can't wait to go back ahhh that chicken was so good!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	This quaint little BBQ spot is right across the street from my old elementary school and used to be Puckett's, and old gas station and convenience store. Lancaster's has okay food. I've had wings here before that were okay. On my last visit, I had fish n'chips. The fish was way too oily and almost melted in my mouth. Only M&M's should do that. Not fish. I also had whole fried okra. Kind of hard to mess up okra. I can't recommend that you try the BBQ because I personally have not had any. But, if you happen to be in the area, check it out.
4	Get here early if you go on Friday night.Otherwise you will wait 20 minutes for a table or else sit in the bar.The Bar isn't bad because they do have tables.This is very good que. They cook the whole pig but it's not really smoked or seasoned too much. They let you add the vingegar based sauce or the tomato based yourself.They have an excellent choice of combo items on the menu.Ribs and chicken or chicken and catfish or any combination with ribs and pulled pork or even chicken wings.Parking can be a tough. The service is good and the prices are fair as you get good sized portions.I'm not real keen on their sauce which is kind of a bummer because they don't really season their meat too much.I like that they have a full bar and if you order a beer you get a 16 oz pint glass that's frosted.Tonite, Liz took care of us...she calls everyone honey. She made sure everything is good. She made regular visits but didn't intrude.I remember back in that late 90's this was Pucketts General Store.I just love being in the real south.
4	This place is great!  The staff in the bar and at the pick up counter are super friendly.  The wings are out of this world.  They are cooked and sauced perfectly.  The cajun fried pickles are so delicious.  I could eat a whole order myself. (okay, maybe I did.)  I found this place at the end of my stay in NC, which is a blessing and a curse.  I missed trying other stuff, but my waistline didn't have to pay for it! A great southern meal, with great southern hospitality. :)
5	Just really good food and service.  Enough said.
4	Great food, great service, and great ambiance for a BBQ joint. I highly recommend visiting Lancaster's to satisfy your BBQ craving!
4	A local staple.  Great food, service, and environment.We go to Lancaster's for family events fairly often and it never disappoints.  It's the perfect place for a cold beer, great BBQ, and a laid back atmosphere.  I also often will buy pork to go just to have through the week, and sometimes freeze for later.  Definitely no better option within miles and miles!
5	Yum! Hush puppies come to table in place of bread! So good. BBQ pulled pork dinner with potato salad and onion rings for husband. Comes marinated and you pick your hot or sweet sauce at table. Marinade has tiny kick to it- sweet sauce is amazing. Maui chicken salad for me - perfectly grilled chicken and grilled pineapple with teriyaki. Best, though, was waitress! Very helpful with suggestions and really listened to what we said!We found on yelp driving from Atlanta to NY and may never come this way again, but just saying we decided that's it's worth the couple of miles off of I-485 to eat here.
4	As an East Carolina BBQ fan I was eager to try this out.   The pulled pork is done just right and the vinegar based sauce (add yourself) is great.  The bbq slaw (mustard based) is a perfect addition.   Brunswick stew takes me back to Parkers in Rocky Mount.  Only wish the stew portion was larger! Will definitely come back if in the area.
4	We grab take out at least twice a month. The food is consistently good. My husband likes the BBQ and wings. I'm pleased with the grilled chicken salad. You can never go wrong with the friend okra, served whole instead of cut.
4	This review is for their take out.Ordered the BBQ pulled pork which was very tasty. The Beef Brisket was delicious. The bread was toasted with cole slaw spread on top of the brisket slices. Yummy. The French fries filled my craving for the day. Will be back for lunch/dinner the next time.
4	My boyfriend and I are in NC for the first time and stopped by this restaurant based on reviews. Guess what,  It was all that and more. Great food, excellent service, and yummy mushrooms! We ate fried mushrooms, Cobb salad, ribs, baked beans, ribs, and Jamaican honey wings.
5	Pretty darn good barbecue. Best place I have found in Charlotte. The brisket is Delicious and my favorite. The Jamaican honey wings are to die for. They give you free hush puppies to start which is nice. The service is just really slow but worth it forFresh food. The environment is very casual and fun. I would recommend especially for the price!
1	Decided to tryout local BBQ place based on positive reviews. Got pork dinner, Mac and cheese, and BBQ slaw. Not a very good meal at all. Pork was sticky and slimy. Mac and cheese tasted processed and BBQ slaw had no flavor.
1	Signs and facades can be deceiving and Lancaster's BBQ is a case in point. I am from Kansas City and a BBQ enthusiast and I wanted so much to enjoy a great example of North Carolina barbecue. Sadly this wasn't it. There is no pit on site at this location and the food is brought in from the other location.I ordered the BBQ Pork Dinner with sides of Brunswick Stew and Fried Whole Okra. The pulled pork arrived and I added the vinegar based sauce. The pork was mushy and tepid like it had been warmed quickly before  being served. My friend asked me if I wanted to taste his Brisket and I course I wanted too. It was funky for a guy who has tasted Championship Brisket and this looked as though it sat in the salamander all day waiting for some poor soul from Kansas City to play a cruel joke on. The only reason it gets one star is that the Brunswick Stew was hearty, the fried okra was excellent and not greasy, but that was pretty much it.Here is the way I think of it. Good BBQ takes time, love and pride on the part of the pit master. You need to respect the protein and put your best offering forward every time. There was no love put into this food whatsoever and it showed in the product and the lack of enthusiasm on the part if the staff. Something is not congruent with the reviews of this place and suspect there may be some cronyism going on...
2	My husband and I usually love this place. The last time we went a few weeks ago on a Friday night the BBQ was undercooked and the waitresses seemed to be more interested in gossiping than doing their job. Hopefully next time we go it will be a better experience. It might be awhile.
2	Being in Charlotte for work I happened by this place when I was headed back to the hotel after spending some time at the Latta Plantation.  I had not had barbeque in a while so I thought I would give this place a shot.  I know bbq is different in various parts of the country so I went in here with an open mind.  I got my food to go so I am allowing some leeway for that.  I had brisket and pork ribs with sides of potato salad and Brunswick stew with funnel fries for desert.  I will start with the good which was the potato salad.  It was really good and had a good dill flavor to it which I like.  The Brunswick stew was ok, good and hearty but could have used a little more salt.Now the rest, I may be jaded being from Austin which has so many good bbq joints and the cooking style is different.   A barbeque dinner is not complete without brisket so I had to have some.  What I saw when I opened my package is something I have never witnessed with sliced brisket before.  The slices had grill marks on them!  I couldn't help to keep from chuckling when I saw that.  They were obviously fresh off the grill.  The sauce on them was good and had a good flavor.  .The pork ribs in my opinion had been boiled and then smoked.  The way the meat fell off the bones was not typical to smoked ribs.  They had the same good sauce on them.The funnel fries would have been good if there was more than a dash of powdered sugar on them, for what I paid for the meal, they could have been more liberal in applying sugar on the desert.  To sum up this may be a good barbeque joint in North Carolina but it would never survive against the competition back home in Austin.
3	Good food but the service is a little shabby.
5	BEST BBQ in CHARLOTTE! I love their deep fried pickles and hush puppies. Their ribs are fall of the bone amazing! We always get the 5 pork sandwiches and a side of mac n cheese. If you get the chicken tenders be sure to ask for the Bang Bang sauce, spicy and delicious!
4	All around a good meal! Free hush puppies!! Then we had the red neck fries! DELICIOUS! Pulled pork sandwich DELICIOUS! Service was good and fast...only bad thing was the Mac and cheese and it was maybe a 4 on a scale of 1-10...
1	Very disappointing! I was looking forward to North Carolina pork bbq. First the waitress brought a basket of hushpuppies which were good, so I was hopeful! I ordered the BBQ platter, which is just pork bbq and cole slaw. I could not eat more than 3 bites because of the heavy spices. I am highly sensitve to spices and this was more than I could take. Even my friends that can eat spicy foods said this was too much. The waitress was very nice and asked if she could bring me something else, so I ordered the brisket. Took one bite. It was like jerky. NASTY. I will not go back. EVER. To offer some advice, put a warning on the menu that the pork is very spicy and list the spices. Someone may have an allergy and this could mean a trip to the hospital.
4	Lancasters is good solid Carolina style BBQ. Folks from Texas or other states probably won't get it. I'll admit their brisket is a little odd with grill marks on it but I have gotten it before and it's good. Their ribs are decent but again their thing in my opinion is Carolina BBQ.If you go here get pulled pork BBQ and you should be good to go. Also their wings are really great if you are into that. Fried catfish is pretty darn good as well. Enjoy and have some hushpuppies!
3	I'll start by saying that my family loves this place. I, however only go there when they make me. I feel like the food is overpriced for it not to be amazing. Each time I go I try something different and I have yet to leave feeling like what I paid was worth what I had just consumed. It's not horrible though. It may just be me because like I mentioned before, my family loves it.
4	Very solid NC Style BBQ - down to earth place with nice people.  Eat everything, you'll like a lot of it.
4	Good Eastern Style NC BBQTook my wife to dinner tonight. She wanted to find the DMV and could not understand my directions so I took her for a test drive and Lancaster's was in the neighborhood.  I've been a couple of times but she has never been.The atmosphere is country casual. Used to have a large amount of upscale biker traffic but now appears to more family or locals.My wife went for a Salad that was served in a Taco Shell and topped with grilled chicken. I have a pork platter with BBQ Beans and Fries as sides.Both were delicious.This is a satelite location of the parent location in Mooresville.  They do a great job and I would recommend to anyone traveling through who is willng to take a few minutes and find the  location since they are a bit off of the beaten path.
2	Always love to watch waitstaff hold up counters as they eat their dinner in front of me. Nat's flying around. Vacuum cleaners plugged in in the dining room. The manager who brought my beer actually asked my four year old if it was for him. How inappropriate. We often visit this restaurant and have not ever had an issue. After tonight we will not be back for sometime.
2	Stopped in for a to go. The BBQ is pretty good, but the service is terrible. They sent me to the bar to place my order, no kidding the bar-tender turned her back on me as soon as I walked in. She started talking with her co-worker who was eating. I waited a few minutes, the did the ol' hello! She never smiled, never even said hello. Simply stared at me....no smile, just stare! I placed my order, waited and she brought it out, and NEVER said one more word, not even when I paid 14.00 for a plate of BBQ, 1 oz of slaw, 4 hush puppies, and three cold onion rings. First and last time visiting lancasters BBQ. And this is one BBQ eating boy.....
4	The bbq is excellent... I ordered the Catfish Platter that included hush puppies, two sides: ( BBQ beans and mac n cheese ), and two good size fried battered catfish fillets. Perfectly seasoned and very tasty. The sweet tea sounded good, but I ordered water instead. This was my first time here and I would definitely go back again. Would recommend to anyone!!!
