4	The Wild Thaiger is one of my new favorite places.  Every dish I've tried as been excellent.  They accomodated with some grace a friend with food allergies and were polite -- too polite -- in serving me as I (unknowingly) arrived just at closing.  The peanut sauce on the satay is amazing.  Pad Thai is a standby at a Thai place, but it definitely does not disappoint here.  The beef curry was excellent.  The ginger fish dish less remarkable but still good.  Coconut ice cream dessert is good for putting out the fire.  Good place to go after an Art or Heard museum visit.
4	I actually like this place. I find the mood to be nice and the lighting just right. The food is well prepared and the alcoholic drinks are fantastic. Martinis! My one complaint....they need to add some more vegetarian dishes.  I find myself ordering this great appetizer every time I go there because it's the only thing with tofu on it. Anyways, it's a great place for a date :)
1	The wait was pretty long. But I'm not a very patient person, I'll admit. I went during lunch with my family, so I was able to taste a bit of a few dishes. First of all, their lunch menu is really small. When I sat down and realized that my favorite dishes weren't even on their menu, I was immediately disappointed. I had their papaya salad and honestly, it wasn't that great. It was actually one of the worst ones I've ever had. The flavoring was really off. How do I know? I am Thai and grew up there, so I know what som tum is supposed to taste like. And it really does not taste like that. I had some of their pad thai also and was really really disappointed. I mean, for the prices they charge and for the wait time and horrible service, I was really expecting something really good. The mood was actually really nice. Their decorations and open kitchen were a really nice touch, which is what they're getting the star for. However, it did become very loud very fast when the room filled up. It was difficult to keep a conversation going. For all the hype that people have made about this place, I honestly expected a lot better. But even if I walked in without any expectations, I would have still be disappointed.
4	Oh Wild Thaiger, how I do love thee! Actually, to be more specific, how I do love pad thai. I hadn't been to Wild Thaiger in a while because I hate navigating around Central Avenue these days, but it was my co-worker's birthday and she wanted Wild Thaiger. I'm so so glad we went there, and I was double happy this afternoon when I ate my leftovers for lunch. The best thing about the pad thai at Wild Thaiger (besides that it is so good) is that there is so much I always have lunch the next day ( which is just lovely). A note for those south of McDowell trying to get to Wild Thaiger: Drive up 3rd Street and turn left on Roanoke. You'll dead end into a strip mall parking lot. Park there and walk a few steps south to Wild Thaiger. Viola! I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 because I ordered a Coke and it tasted funny ... like way too soda-watery. When I told the waitress, she sort of shrugged and said, "A lot of people say that." Yeah .... I had to ask, "So, can I get something different please?"But my pathetic Coca Cola aside, it was a great lunch, and she even brought my co-worker toasted coconut ice cream in a coconut dish with a candle. How sweet!
3	Over-priced, over-crowded designer Thai joint.I've only been there once, and for lunch, but it was the kindof underwhelming experience that makes it not worth the trip back.First off, if you come at lunch time, you have to deal with hoards of suits who come here for it's lush interior design to serve as the backdrop to their loud and uninteresting war stories. Next, you have to accept a very short and unimpressive lunch menu that has next to nothing that I usually get at a Thai restaurant. Finally, you have to sift through a very bland and unauthentic entree with excellent presentation.I really should go back and try it again. But with the likes of Thai Hut now open, I don't know why I ever would unless I was forced through a work trip. Especially with how bland the food is for a Thai restaurant. I prefer Thai food that lights me up like a Christmas tree.
4	I like this place. Although it gets really busy around noon. My favorite dish is gapraogui. I love how the kitchen is visable, while you are dining, and you dont smell like the kitchen when you leave. I mostly go for the food, its not a place I would hang out there with people and drink.
5	The Wild Thaiger is the best kept Thai restaurant secret on North Central Avenue.  My first culinary experience at Thaiger was several months ago with co-workers. My omnipresent dinner companion Marcial and I, have been habitual customers since.Office employees flock to Wild Thaiger during the week for lunch and bring a few close friends or relatives back at night or on the weekend to share their secret.  The restaurant atmosphere is very friendly and unpretentious.  The food is where the adventure begins. For a flaming start, Tom Yum Goong is a must of any visit to Wild Thaiger.  The soup is a concert of spicy hot lemony flavors that leave you wanting more.  Don't fret, you can always order more to go.Dragon's Eggs are paramount on our list of favorite's starters These Dumplings are stuffed with pork and crab, wrapped in tender wrapping, nestled in fresh vegetables and comes with a seasoned dipping sauce. The Lunch and dinner menu is delectable and you will want to try a new dish on each visit.Order hint: Each plate is made to your specification.  If you want "more curry", "spicier" or "hotter" you only need to ask. Desert Hint: The Coconut Ice Cream is made onsite: It is delicious and contagious.Drink hints: A nice compliment to the food is a glass of Chardonnay or you can try the sweet Thai Iced Tea. It is very common for the Olashawn (owner and head chief) to leave the open kitchen to seat, greet, and serve her guests.  She is the heart of The Wild Thaiger.  As Marcial and I leave and thank her for another wonderful meal, her gracious smile, hands clasps and graceful bow, keeps us coming back.Note:  METRO Lightrail construction has impacted this restaurant and you need to follow construction signs carefully to navigate the street and driveway to Wild Thaiger.  Drive slow, this Tiger is worth hunting in the concrete jungle.
3	OK, I didn't want to go here because the name sounded like "wild thingy", which sounds like bad porn movie.  Also, looked pretty sketch from the outside, but I have learned that is pretty common in Phoenix.  My Thai craving kicked in and I had to have some "thingy."It was packed inside for a weekday night, which is a good sign.  My tom yum soup and spicy basil chicken were right on the mark.  I think this would be a great carry out place and from all the sacks lined up, I guess everyone else likes to eat "thingy" too!
1	Bland, blech, barf. That's pretty much how I feel about Wild Thaiger. The food here is the farthest thing from authentic as it could get without venturing into Lean Cuisine territory. I suppose, though, it was the closest us downtowners had to real Thai, until Thai Hut and Thai Elephant moved in. (You are on notice, Wild Thaiger!) I think I gave it a fair shake. I ate here a total of four times, with different people and different food. I was not impressed once. In fact, I was pretty disgusted twice to find a long black hair weaving itself through my molded mound of rice. No spice. No life. No business from me.
3	UPDATE 5/19/2008Finally. Me and the Thaiger are purring like happy kittens. I've discovered their yellow curry at lunch and it is dee lish! Prices are insanely low, tho the lunch menu is limited. Service is upbeat and more polished. Now, a purrrrfect place for me to lunch!!! Hello Kitty!!!!I think Hello Kitty is wildier than this cat. Veggie tempura. I've had crispier wafers from a priest. Pad Thai. Wouldn't say it was bad, but, hmmm, what's the word I'm thinking of, oh, I know BLAND! I've had tastier wafers from a priest. I love the chef. Very approachable and like, totally, super nice. Wait staff, on the two occasions I've been there, were a little inactive. I've had more action from a priest. I'll go again. Try new things. But only after I do the Rosary.
4	Had lunch here last year, I was presently surprised! The building is unique, the location sublime, and the cuisine is way above average. I am big on the yellow chicken curry - Yum!Had dinner here recently, I was somewhat surprised that it was not the same tremendous experience I had remembered at lunch so long ago. Perhaps they are slipping, or more likely I am :)
4	I have to go with a solid 4 stars on this one because even if the food is not spicy enough for you, there are so many other reasons to love it.The atmosphere is great.  I like everything from the tables and booths to the patio.  It is easy to hang out and have a good meal with friends, or to tuck yourself away in a corner...The service has always been top notch for me.  I have been there when I was in a hurry, and I was able to eat and run without having to beg for service.  I also have had long leisurely dinners and was always happy with the attentive, but not pushy service.I LOVE their pad thai.  It's a little different from the other places I have gone, in a good way.I'm only sorry they have had such a time with the construction outside their door.  a nice place doesn't deserve that hassle.
3	I had heard quite a bit about this thai place that is down the street from my office. after 8 mos. Of hearing about it, finally, we decided to walk over and pick up some food.then I read some of the yelp reviews and almost changed my mind. The reviews were pretty bad: several reports of poor service and the -the most alarmingly one of all - pointing out how bland and flavorless the food was. also, there were descriptions of it being a cool baby type place with haughty staff and incompetent servers. Did the tempe pita jungle servers moonlight at wild thaiger?I was surprised because all the times I drove past it - before realizing how popular it was - I thought it looked typical of a thai/asian place. The name was silly and cheesy, and the giant purple banner that takes up almost the entire front of the unsuspecting cinderblock rest. has just the eyes of a tiger staring at you from their very purple perch. How can this place possibly be too-cool?I checked out their web site (which I was surprised to find they had one as this place looks pretty hole-in-the-wall) so we could order ahead and walk to pick it up. the site was pretty slow and I almost gave up, but I was pretty stoked on the options and the prices. Grilled peanut chicken? Sounds great. Spicy chicken curry, I'll take it. tiger prawn salad, ok. All for about $8?? Sounds pretty reasonable. I went with the curry chicken and the spring roll (all lunch items come with either soup of the day or the roll - unless your taking out, as they won't/can't do soup to go.)Off we went and when we walked up I was surprised to find that the ramada-like, large patio with high walls and iron bars took up the entire front of the building. We had to search around for the hidden entrance. Once inside it was busy with a downtown business casual crowd, but a scurrying waitress still held the door and asked if we wanted a table (for the record she was not in skinny jeans, flats and sporting tons of eyeliner and a fauxhawk, as I figured she would be).  We walked up to the bar to collect our food and pay, and the lively atmosphere made me sad we were going back to the office and not eating there. the bar area had a flat screen tv, there was lively if a little over-the-top Asian pop music, and the healthy crowd was a nice change of pace. Alas, we were in and out (they were not even put out by our asking to split up the to go order so we could each pay separately, even though they were obviously busy) in under 10 minutes.The food stayed pretty hot for the 15 minute walk back, and they double bagged each Styrofoam box -thank god, as half my curry sauce came out of the box. It smelled great and the veggies looked good, but I braced myself for disappointment. Perhaps because I was expecting it to be bad, I was pleasantly surprised. It was pretty good. Mine was just enough spicy as is (for me, though and I'm a wuss - so If you're into hot-hot-hot, ask to punch it up a notch or three) and the serving was plenty for the price. The veggie spring roll was great - not even soggy from the trip, how did that happen? I think the curry sauce was a little thin, but it wouldn't keep me from ordering it again - my coworker's ginger chicken sauce looked thin as well, but she said it was still great. The tiger prawn salad had green, fresh lettuce (looked like a spring mix) and came with lots of scrimps that were "fat and juicy." However, they listed that the salad came with crispy wontons, but her box was sans any wontons - really the only foil in the entire experience.All in all I would say it was a score. The three of us agreed that it would make a good HH spot.It's no yupha's, but certainly better than thai basil - and not a chain. Plus they were still busy, busy despite being smack in the middle of the light rail cluster fuch on central - they must be doing something right!
5	My husband and I just moved to Phoenix from Northern California, the land of good Thai, and Wild Thaiger was the first Thai place we tried in the Valley of the Sun. Let's just say that the quality ingredients and enticing flavors made us feel a little less homesick. The prices were not rock-bottom, but I am always willing to pay a little more for good food and larger portions, both of which Wild Thaiger offers. The papaya salad was refreshing and really authentic, although the shrimp were a little fishy for our tastes. The soup we had was also very flavorful and best of all, the chicken in it was actual pieces of chicken breast (often, the chicken in soup is small pieces of dark meat). The Mussaman curry was also a lot better than most places we have had it - often, restaurants use pieces of flank or strip steak, but a more authentic version, like the one we had here, has more stew-like cuts of almost-braised beef. Also a real winner were the spicy clear/glass noodles with vegetables and chicken. And lest I forgot alcohol - the crowning glory of any meal - the specialty drinks offered seemed like they would be too sweet or weak, so my sister and I got Cosmos. They were appropriately strong and actually quite good! All around, a really great experience.
3	Ok, I had tried this place a month or so ago at lunch and was unimpressed, but the other day a friend said she wanted it for dinner.  I obliged.  I was blown away by the Panang curry.  Rich, thick, spicy.  We had it for take out and it survived the trip home fine.  I now need to go back and try some other dishes just to make sure it wasn't just a freak occurrence.
3	Being a bit of a Thai fan, I had driven by Wild Thaiger a number of times only to find it next to impossible to get reliable access due to all the light rail construction (I suspect my frustration and quitter mentality was pretty commonplace during the construction).  Now that the rail is almost up and running and getting to Wild Thaiger isn't such a chore, I went with a group of 6 to try this place out.When you walk in you immediately notice how dark it is as the lighting given off by candles and the kitchen in the back.  I've been to plenty of restaurants that do this to set the mood of the place so I don't mind candlelight.  However, this place was almost pitch black at times to where I couldn't see my dish so they could improve on the lighting a little bit.  The booths are small and set up very nice if you're just out on a date with your special someone.The menu selection isn't vast but has all the usual suspects (curries, noodles, tofu dishes, etc.).  I had the chicken and potato dish with yellow curry with some cucumber and pepper veggies on the side.  While the presentation was very nice, the dish itself was just okay.  Almost everyone in the group I was with also had a currie dish and agreed the presentation was more impressive than the taste itself.  The one gal who got a noodle dish however said hers was terrific.Most of us got dessert to finish things off.  I got a slice of the mango cheesecake (very tasty).  Another person got the lemon ginger cheesecake and was very happy.  Everyone else got slices of the chocolate cake (which were HUGE by the way).They also have drink specials on Monday and Wednesdays.  We went on Wednesday for $4 wine glass night.  I was gung ho to try a sip of the red Thai wine, but strangely the waiter strongly recommended against it.  I has a Shiraz instead which was fine.  Most everyone else got a white wine.Overall, the service was a little bit slow (especially getting us our check), but it was adequate.  The waiter was knowledgable about the nuances of each dish (which was good because two people in our group never had Thai food before).  Amazingly, when we originally sat down, the restaurant was just about dead.  But after 8:30pm the place was packed!  Not sure if this is normal, but seems like alot of the folks who live in and around the downtown area needed a late Thai fix.Bottomline, good, but I've had better.  I commend Wild Thaiger and their people for surviving the onslaught of light rail construction that no doubt crippled their business.  Based on what we've seen, this place had a pretty solid local following so clearly they've done something right.  This place is okay if you're looking to go out with a group, but I'd probably enjoy this place more if it was just me and my girlfriend.
5	We went back here this past Saturday night with a friend from out of town and liked it just as much as we did when we tried it a few months ago. My Cosmopolitan was just as big and tasty as it was last time, and the service was still attentive and friendly. My friend is a pescetarian/flexitarian (doesn't eat meat except for fish), and we were really pleased to find that all of the dishes we ordered that we usually get with meat were still absolutely delicious. Specifically, the Pad See Ew (which we usually get with chicken or beef) was still savory with just the fried tofu and perhaps even more amazing, the Mussaman curry (which usually comes with a deliciously braised beef) was still really flavorful and was complimented nicely by the tofu. Even after trying a decent number of other Thai places in Phoenix, we like Wild Thaiger for the full bar, consistently good flavors, great service, and fun atmosphere, and we will definitely continue to come here often.
3	Wild Thaiger was a convenient choice for quick and easy take out on a Thursday night I had no interest in cooking.  The menu is somewhat limited in my opinion - no masaman or choo chee curries and no crispy duck, which are my favorite Thai staples .  So I got an order of beef panang, an order of pad thai, and was intrigued by the dragon eggs app.The dragon eggs were atrocious.  But the pad thai and beef panang were both good.  Not great, not mind blowing, but not horrible.  And for around $10 each they were pretty good sized portions.  I could see myself ordering take out again or actually dining in for a casual meal.
4	Love this place for some decent Thai! Shrimp & Chicken Pad Thai is always good and never disappoints, the soups are great, I also really like their Beef Panang. Their desserts always sound good and they usually have something that involves mango, how I have escaped never trying one is beyond me. Their over all menu is a bit limited and is kept to the basics but what they do have is done well.
5	I have been craving Wild Thaiger for a year now (last time I was in town they were closed). The flavors are perfectly blended, the food is artistic, and the food choices are unlike that I've seen at two other Thai restaurants I've eaten at recently. Their Thai Iced Tea has to be some of the best I've tasted thus far. Its typically quiet which was perfect for girl's day out and chatting.
3	Service is unpredictable. Sometimes it is very good and sometimes it is very bad. The pad thai here is delicious but has way too much chicken. The kiew wan curry is very spicy and very good. The spring rolls are also very tasty. The hot pots are just ok, a little too much coconut milk it makes it a bit too sweet.For dessert the coconut ice cream sprinkled with peanuts is a great ending. It is open Sundays which is rare downtown.
3	I had high hopes for this restaurant.  It was a 30 minute drive from Laveen, as all are the Thai places in the area.  I ordered two of my staples (Tom ka Gai soup and Green Curry) and tried a new dish (for me), Holy Basil.  I got everything takeout.I'll start with the Holy Basil.  It was very good.  A nice balance of Thai flavors, and I thought it was quite similar to an Ayam Basil dish I used to get at a Malaysian place in Mt. View, CA.  My only complaint was that the chicken was big, thick chunks, like a fajita-style.  I expect delicate, tender meats at a high end Thai place.I opened my green curry and said: "WHERE'S THE SAUCE"?  I am VERY upset at the lack of sauce.  There was so little I can't comment on the flavor of the curry.  And, they had 2 different types of green beans in there:  chinese long beans, and American green beans.  The larger Amercian green beans weren't cooked.  That sucked.  The beef was tender enough but the peices were too big.  The one redeeming part of this dish was the fact that they had eggplant in it.  There is something about eggplant in green curry....The Tom Ka Gai soup was  fantastic.  My only complaint would be the chicken, which again, was large fajita-style slices.   Doesn't make sense to me.While I was waiting at the bar for my order, I remember looking into the kitchen and wondering how they could possibly prepare everything on the menu in that tiny space.  Now, I think I know:  I suspect they prep all of their meats ahead of time and use the same size/shape/cuts for each dish to save time.  This results in a fajita-style cut of chicken that leaves me less than thrilled.Overall, the menu is brief and the food is good, but I don't think it's worth a long drive.  I don't expect to return when I could make the same drive to get to Swadee, which was just fabulous.  I gave this place a 3/5 because the Tom Ka Gai soup and Holy Basil were VERY good.  I am however disappointed in the green curry, the  cuts of meat, and by the way they completely ignored my request for Thai spicy; everything was rather mild in my opinion.
2	Recently went back with a party of 10 for a bday celebration.It was my pick, and I did consider how a party of ten could be a disaster in a small-ish, "we're just a hole-in-the-wall that happens to be really popular" place like WT. And sure enough, we arrive and wait in the tiny entry way for at least 10 min before being approached by anyone. In that time, a friend who had arrived early and staked out at the bar informed me that as soon as she sat down, she was told that she couldn't order food because the kitchen was temporarily shut down because they were too busy. At the time we arrived it was maybe 30 percent full, and she assured me that that had happened 30-40 minutes ago, so they should be back on track by now. The host finally showed up and said she could seat us, but it would be a while before the server would take our order bc they were "recovering." Well, that's better than 10 people blocking an entryway, so I'm not sure why she seemed hesitant to seat us, even if we had to wait for a server. She assured us that we could order drinks from our table until the kitchen was "ready."It was only downhill from there. Thankfully, we were a jovial bunch - under any other circumstances this experience would have been disastrous. 15 min to get drink orders, another 15 to get the drinks. Another 20 min later he took our food orders. 30 min later they started coming out, sort of. Seven entrees came out, staggered over a period of five minutes. But three entrees - all pad thai - didn't arrive until at least 10 min later, when everyone else was finished. I understand not everyone can get food at exactly the same time with a party of 10, but they didn't even come close, and at the time we made our food orders it was at least an hour if not more after their alleged huge rush that shut down the kitchen. I got the peanut chicken - grilled chicken with peanut sauce, rice and grilled veggies. The sauce was too citrus-y for a peanut sauce and too thick (funny that I complained in my first review that my curry was too thin). Chicken underneath was completely flavorless and was dry and veggies were scant. Good thing it was only $10. Didn't get details from anyone else except the BF, who got the Kao Pad Jay, and kept saying over "I'm so glad I got this!"All these issues seemed to be circumstantial (except the chicken dish), but, then again, how long has WT been a restaurant? Come on, I'm sure they've dealt with many a Saturday night rush and someone (ahem, manager??) should have at least come out to explain/apologize for their issues. Don't think I'll go back to dine in - ever.
2	I was at your grand opening, I was there after, and I'm not there anymore. Wild Thaiger was never a great option for Thai in the valley. There aren't really any terrible aspects about the restaurant, it's just that nothing really makes you say "wow! this is good."My last visit was with a friend who doesn't get out much, his wife likes good ol' steak and potatoes, so I thought I'd take him somewhere he couldn't go otherwise. Bad choice. We ordered the peanut chicken and it tasted more like peanut butter chicken. It was overpowering, and also one of the first times I have ever sent a dish back and asked for something else. Of course the service is good, they never have anything better to do.
4	When back twice and the service was excellent both times and the pad thai is still pretty tasty, but still too much chicken in it.
1	I called four times last night to place a to-go order (7:30p-8p) and got their recording each time.  Either this place is SO busy they can't get to the phone or they had closed up early and went home.  I'm still craving Thai...and looking for a great place in Central Phoenix.  Any other suggestions or should I give this place another chance?
3	Went to lunch at the Wild Thaiger yesterday after having no luck ordering to-go a couple weeks ago.  We sat outside on the covered patio, which was pretty busy.  Our server was prompt and pleasant.  The food: I ordered chicken with peanut sauce and Jasmine rice.  The sauce was very flavorful, but no heat at all.  I'm used to peanut sauce with just a bit of heat and was mildly disappointed with this dish.  My friend ordered the Pad Thai and it was good, but again not much heat.  Now our server did not ask us about stars or heat at all.  If I were to go back I would order the Pad Thai with a side of peanut sauce and add more heat.All in all, an affordable lunch, good service, and decent Thai food.  I would like to go back in the evening to check out the inside as I never set foot in it.  Maybe try another dish too.Phoenix Yelpers- any other awesome Thai places to try??
5	I have had some good digestive experiences here. Also, I have kin who works here... so that's another incentive for you to step in.
4	I am not a huge fan of Thai food, mainly because I have not been exposed to enough of it...but I CRAVE the Beef Panang from Wild Thaiger!  I have had it twice along with the Pad Thai and Kimowi (sp?).  The iced green tea was refreshing and wished I had saved room for the lemon ginger cheesecake.  I have tried dining in and take out both (dinner only), and the only reason I don't go 5 stars is the very slow (but friendly) service.  Plan to wait at least 5 minutes to be greeted by your server and once the food is finally served...your on your own.
4	I have only been here once, but what I ate was awesome! I love that it's right off the light rail too. We did a "rail day" not too far back where we just jumped on the rail and tweeted as we went. Following recommendations from fellow twitter users we stopped here for lunch and ended up at the heard museum (also right off the rail). All in all a really great day. Good food, good people and a little culture. Gotta recommend all of it!If you're riding the rail and are in the mood for some thai, this is the place! :)
5	The Thai food here is relatively Americanized, but hey, it tastes great regardless. The portions are large and they offer a wide variety of dishes. One unique feature to Wild Thaiger is that in addition to being a Thai restaurant, it's a Thai bar as well. They offer many Asian beers and Indochina-themed cocktails. They have seating indoors and out with a patio view of Central Avenue. The restaurant can be a bit easy to miss, especially for those used to Phoenix' usual parking-in-front cityscape, as it is in an older part of the city with the parking lot through an alley, behind the building. The food is delicious and the drinks are really good.
4	Years past, Wild Thaiger was a moribund place serving bland, forgettable fare so I barely recognized it when our party of six stopped in last night for my mom's birthday. White tablecloth, good cutlery, big wine glasses, open kitchen, spicy dishes presented with flair - I'm impressed! I had beef Kiewan, a delicious green curry that packed solid (American-gauge) heat. The corn fritters are crunchy and good, served with jalapenos and cucumber. The coconut milk-based soup with chicken was a hit around the table. Pork, beef, ribs, vegetarian, salmon - everything got a solid thumbs up. Good drinks. Our server was first rate and unusually sweet. Maybe it's not cutting edge Scottsdale, but Wild Thaiger serves up tongue tingling food at fair prices in an attractive interior space.  They've stepped up, and if you're in the neighborhood, you should too.
5	Went to Wild Thaiger for the first time last night and enjoyed every aspect.  Had the Wild Wrap and Dragon Eggs for appetizers.  Both had a really good bite to them without losing all of the different flavors in the dish.  That is something that gets lost at many Thai places, everything is so hot you lose the flavor.  Two of us had the Beef Panang for dinner and our friend had the Salmon dish.  All were prepared very well.  The beef panang was a little different than I have had at many places here in town.  More curry & creamy coconut milk than the light broth based panang we have settled for at other places.  It was by far the best panang we have in Phoenix to date.  The beef was fork tender and the sauce flavor was over the top.  The restaurant is very cozy and energetic.  It was 7:30 on a Thursday night and the inside was full, with only 1 table on the patio brave enough to weather the 100 degree heat.  Server was very friendly and attentive.  NA beverages were always kept full and she was all over refilling our glasses from the bottle of wine that had been ordered.  Big bonus points for the kitchen design.  It will not blow you away with tons of polished stainless steel and creative wall decor, but it is an open exhibition kitchen with about 10-12 seats at the bar that look in on the action.  Extremely rare to find in a Thai concept.  Love knowing who is cooking your food and that the kitchen is well kept.  We will definitely be back as this will be our new home for Thai in the valley.
4	Flavorful dishes and Martini Mondays!  That makes me f-cking estatic!  The Thai waitress is not that friendly, but loved my Vietnamese friend and treated us well so I was happy.
5	I've been here about a dozen times now and I have never written a review.... but I could write a super review for each of those times.  Tonight I was on my own so I got galee gai and sticky rice to go.  The galee gai is a spicy yellow curry - similar to masaman curry but spicier.  Now, I am a total wimp and this is always spicier than I really can handle but it is so good I deal with it!  I put it on rice and drink a lot of tea :-)  The sticky rice is coconut sweet and, well, sticky.  I have ordered sticky rice at other places and it never compares to Wild Thaiger.  I am happy to have leftovers for lunch tomorrow!
4	Now, I'm not an expert on thai cuisine. I'm not an expert on anything really.  But I know what I like.  In this instance, I like this place.Wild Thaiger is located a few blocks north of the Heard Museum.  As such, it's wonderfully convenient to go here for a bite then wander down to see some American Indian history and artwork.  This was exactly what brought me there last night.I was seated immediately upon arrival.  The server cheerily came over and, when my first beer selection was out, suggested a few options that I might also enjoy.  I like getting suggestions on food and drink from people who obviously have some knowledge and care about the subject.  I was not disappointed.  The Thai beer I had was wonderful.  Unsurprisingly, much better than the standard American swill.Being that this was my first time here, I had to order something from the house specials section.  I decided on the Jungle Love (insert 70s funk music here).  A dish of primarily "exotic" vegetables and thin sliced wild boar in a very spicy red broth.  It was superb.  The boar, which I'd never had before, was not the core of the dish but still quite flavorful.  It added a great contrast to the mass of vegetables in the pot.  I'll be honest, I'm not sure half of what I ate in there, but it was all good.  Good, and spicy.  Not the immediate burn you get from some hot food, but the seething heat that only makes you sweat and your lips burn when you're more than half done.  It was exquisite.
4	I've only been to the Wild Thaiger once, but I enjoyed the food and would go again. I went with two friends and we all enjoyed our meals. The vegetarian selection on the menu is limited, but what is available is delicious. The service is friendly and relatively quick (it was busy when we were there). Great iced green tea!
4	Rarrrrr!  That was my thought when I ate at Wild Thaiger. Yeah, okay, so that is a totally cheesy line, but I can't help it, their food is rarrr-licious. My first visit was a few weeks ago and was for take out.  My friend and I looked over their menu, and although I'm not a huge connoisseur of Thai food, the menu was chock full of yumminess. I decided on the Chicken Curry lunch special. It wasn't too spicy, just the right amount of kick for me.  And, it was very flavorful and extremely filling.  I desperately wanted to finished it all, but my tummy was at full capacity from the rich curry sauce.I can't wait to go back to Wild Thaiger and try more from their menu. Their prices are decent, and they've got a lot of great menu items to choose from. It seems like it would be a great place for dinner and, when the weather is nice, to sit outside on the front patio. I definitely can't wait to have more Rarrrr moments at Wild Thaiger!
4	Been here twice.  Loved it both times!  Actually today, my brother mentioned he has been there for dinner and wants to take us there to try it.  We beat him to this place.  Now, we just need to pick a date for dinner.  I can not wait!!!
2	I may be biased based on my dislike of Thai food...but I'll put in my two cents anyway. I liked the atmosphere. I distinctly remember that is what reeled me in to try to Wild Thaiger- though fully conscious of my dislike for Thai food. Service here was bothersome, they confirmed my order before leaving the table only to return with another table's food. The mismatch was quickly resolved and I went on with my meal. It wasn't great, but that's just my taste. I personally do not like my food battered in Peanut Sauce or whatever it's called. Oh, and the bathroom here was atrocious. Pubic hairs littered the urinal and it was anything but sanitary.
5	Mmmmmmmmmmm!  I came here with a group for a birthday celebration, and the weather was just perfect for patio seating.  We started off with some Thai beers, trying out a couple of recommendations, and a variety of starters.  That was the easy part, picking something to eat was a terribly hard decision, everything looked amazing.  Lucky for us, with 5 people, everyone picked something different.  I had the best Beef Panang EVAR!  The mix of curry and coconut was perfect....all the flavor, and the heat came, but after you tasted it on every inch of your tongue.  The jasmine rice was the perfect base for the sauce, and the beef was perfectly cooked.I love curry and spice, but I want to taste the food too, and they gave me all of the heat and all of the flavor.  For my mom, who can't eat spicy stuff, they had enough options, and she was thrilled to get something that tasted great.Most of the people we were with have been to Thailand, and they all agreed that this was very authentic.They even brought out a nice traditional, homemade ice cream dessert for the birthday boy - which we all shared.Everything I tried, I liked and I really need to go back and try more of their menu...I think I could go frequently and not get bored!  I just wish it could hit them up on my lunch.They are also right off the light rail line, which makes it much easier for a Chandler girl to get to - no worries about traffic or parking.
4	We had put off going here for quite some time because we feared it would be like most Thai places in Phoenix a disappointment).....but, when we finally went were were pleasantly surprised!  The food was well prepared and there was a nice variety of items on the menu.  They even had my favorite desert, the mango and sticky rice.  We will definitely be going here again!!
4	What a great little Thai place in Central Phoenix. Great lunch specials Mon-Fri. (Not as great on the weekends.) I like that that Pad Thai comes with chicken, tofu and shrimp all in one dish for one price. I prefer a bit spicier, maybe I should have asked for that. The plate was piled high with noodles, green onions, peeled beets and carrots. I took a book, sat by myself and had a great afternoon. Prompt, friendly service. They kept my water full, that's all I require to leave a great tip. Lots of choices on the menu, lots of drink specials. Parking in the back, or take the light rail. This is a great place.
4	Good Pad Thai. Cold Singha beer. I order the same stuff every Thai restaurant. Coconut Ice Cream is good...ate at the bar....they let me have the remote to the TV too....perfect.
5	totally yummy food!  I love their appitizer veggie sampler, and their desserts are good too.  I recommend the thai custard.
4	Wifey and I hit the Wild Thaiger up after a trip to the Phx Museum of Art. great choice. Friendly service and modern decor. The food was excellent. Phoenix is lucky to have this place.
4	Excellent Thai food!  Consider sitting out on the patio; there are nice tables and heaters for the winter.  I am usually pretty bored with the spring rolls I order at other restaurants, but these were really good.  They offer some unusual menu choices as well such as corn fritters.  It's basically deep fried corn which sounds awful but tastes heavenly.  They are good about suiting the spice level to your preferences.  The staff is friendly and can offer good suggestions.  Also, they have a decent beer selection.
4	I met someone here for dinner one night... They have the best Pad See Ue (sp?) that I have ever tasted. They sprinkle fried garlic over it and I love the burst of garlic every time I bite into one. Service was decent and the wait staff was very attentive. We had papaya salad, beef salad, chicken and beef satay and green curry. Everything was delicious. I live in the very northern parts of Phoenix but do not mind the drive. It is worth it.
4	Great food and generally good service. Lunch time can turn into a loong wait, but it's always worth it. Green Curry, mmmmmmmmmmm!
5	Oh, Gaprao Gai, how I love thee.  Nom.
4	My 2nd time here, last time was part of a big group, this time was much better! Able to relax and enjoy it! Had kimow chicken and must warn, it hot! But I like my Thai food hot!! My date ,he had the beef panang(red curry beef) also had Thai iced tea for drinks, definitely needed something cold and refreshing!! and for dessert, omg! Had lemon ginger cheescake, was fantastic!!  Love this place and plan to return!!
2	3/5/10My second attempt to dine here, as it was so busy the first time (and so noisy!), that I had to leave.  (It was during lunch hours, and I don't like to wait.)  Arrived a few minutes shy of the end of lunch, so I was able to dine in peace.  Ordered the tofu green curry and the fried banana and coconut ice cream for dessert.  I found the portion of the entree to be very skimpy for the price, and I've had much tastier, and creamier, curry sauce elsewhere (Tottie's, Thai Elephant, even Yupha's!).  Need I say more?  Seriously, WT's green curry tastes about the same as Thai Hut's, but at a portion that's about half (or less) of what I could get at TH, or any of the other places I've visited, but I suppose the "atmosphere" is what I'm paying for here?  That said, I must admit that the fried banana dessert was delicious!  Loved the toasted coconut on top (well, on top of the bananas, but under the syrup toppings, coconut ice cream, whipped topping, and maraschino cherry!).  On my next visit, when I'm craving for something sweet, I will ask to have the syrup toppings, whipped cream, and cherry omitted.  The dish is perfect w/out them.
5	Galee gai is the cure-all for allergies, the flu or a hangover. Trust me, I know hangovers.The waitresses are all amazing and beautiful and nice.Friday and Saturday nights usually yield an awkward wait (who was really here first?).I have never had a bad meal or experience here.
5	I love the Wild Thaiger, it is the best Thai food I have experienced in Phoenix.  They have plenty of vegetarian options and I have ordered just about all of them, they are all equally delicious.  I love the corn fritters... MMMM
4	Went to Wild Thaiger two nights ago, I have been before, but my girlfriend had not. I love Thaiger so I wanted to share the tastiness. I figured I would write a review since I have not yet.Wild Thaiger is in the heart of uptown Phoenix. Central and Thomas area. Cool little restaurant with a nice atmosphere inside.Food is great and very fresh. I like that you can see the entire kitchen from most of the tables in the restaurant. They have nothing to hide. Prices are pretty standard at between 8.95-14.95 for dinner entrees. Great food and wonderful service. Nice change from other Thai restaurants in Tempe, Chandler, Mesa, etc.
5	I was surprised at how good this place was. A friend and I went on a whim and the crowd inside was a lot older (60's-70's) and mostly just drinking. We ordered the Tom Kai Gai and I have to say it was the best I've ever had in Arizona. It was spicy but extremely flavorful the consistency of the rice was gloriously sticky.We also tried the hot teas I ordered the Gunpowder Temple of Heaven and she got the Lemon Souffle` and both were beautifully prepared and flavored. The Pad Thai and Panang were both spiced to perfection and the service was great and our waitress was so friendly and helpful I wanted to come back the very next day. They also work with you on how spicy you want your dishes so if you prefer an extra kick just ask but I'd recommend trying the dishes how they prepare them first since I like spice and thought they did a great job of making the dishes spicy but not to the point where the spice overpowers the dish.
3	The food was honestly 4-star worthy, SO tasty. BUT because they accidently glutenated me, I'm going to give it a bummer three-stars. I asked the waitress if anything was gluten free and she said, "the pad thai. all the people ask for it. it's safer". I knew after the word "safer" I was in for a real treat. The pad thai was amazing, but then after feeling strange, I called back and asked probing questions about what was in it. I argued with the woman over fish paste, and she said the fish paste had wheat in it...and it was in the pad thai, yet the pad thai was gluten free? EEK. If you're a celiac, be careful and just go through the ingredients of what you want to order. The hot tea was amazing, and they offer the honey sugar packets - great! If you're not gluten-free - FOR SURE GO HERE FOR THAI! It's amazing. If you are, just be very very careful!
2	Usually when my friends go on and on about how they love a restaurant, I can't wait to get in and try the food. Our tastes are often a match. The first concern I had from the beginning was the fact that there was only one person of Thai descent working and she was slinging the stuff they were selling. We open the menu to find reasonably priced fare (a soft spot for my wallet). Many of the dishes you would be accustomed to finding in any Thai restaurant could also be found on the menu here. Since it was my first visit to this establishment, I decided to go safe and ordered the Pad See Iew with Chicken. Once it arrived, I was pleased with the presentation. But in my many years of eating I have learned, just because it look good fo show don't mean it goin' da taste good!! To be fair it wasn't horrible... but I certainly have had better. The waitress could have been quite a bit more attentive. Something just seemed a little off about her? I couldn't quite put my finger on what it was that was off... but if I do, I'll let you know. Perhaps one thing could have been the fact that a table of 8 came into her section about 15 minutes after we arrived and we seemed to have been just forgotten. To sum it up folks... if you are in the area and you want a REAL Thai dish with plenty of kick hit up Thai Hut on McDowell and 1st St. Amazing food served by the people that invented the stuff, and prompt extremely attentive service.
4	One night we decided to look for a good thai restaurant in CenPho, and upon some searching and previous good reviews, we chose to try the Wild Thaiger. We started the meal off with the corn fritters. They were crispy and delicious and had a yummy cucumber chutney with them. For my entree, I had the Tofu Mangone and it was awesome. I love spice, and not just a little, I like a lot, and my dish certainly turned up the heat. We finished the meal with the blueberry kaffir lime cheesecake. It was creamy, cool, and a wonderful way to end a meal. I'm so happy to have found a good thai place!
5	I have been to the Wild Thaiger several times and I decided I should write a review because it is such a great restaurant. I went for lunch this time and the service was great. Although it was slightly loud, the food more than made up for it. Started out with lettuce wraps and ended with pad Thai. It was amazing! Very tasty :)
5	I used to go here once every two weeks for lunch with my coworkers.It's extremely delicious Thai food, if slightly difficult to get a table if you are a group of 8 or more (understandable...) Pad thai + curries are excellent. Ambiance = extrememly fun. Hot sauce and peppers = extrememly available.The drinks here are HIGHLY recommended. Lychee + Gin Martinis. YES YES YES YES YES. I'm not sure why I havent started making this at home. I had my union going away party here on the patio. So awesome in the fall and winter!Oh also the staff is awesome. Not only are the waitresses EXTREMELY attractive but also very nice and always remembered our big gang of fools.
3	Craving Thai, I wasn't willing to drive all the way up to Siam Thai, on 51st Ave and Northern, to get my fix and I had yet to try the Thai my own neighborhood had to offer. Deciding on Wild Thaiger, I chose to save Thai Hut for another time. They offer ample parking behind the restaurant and patio dining if you so choose. Seeing no one out on the patio (yea it was warm out but not that uncomfortable), I entered the restaurant and was greeting and seated quickly, choosing a spot at the bar. Thai iced tea in hand I reviewed the menu. Hummm, ok pretty standard menu, but being a fan of curries I noted my choices were limited. I guess I could have had them sub the beef for chicken in the dishes but I wasn't feeling up for the hassle. After a process that seemed like forever, I decided to start off with the Tofu Towers Appetizer and settled on the Green Curry with beef. The tofu towers were well presented with a cucumber "chutney" / salad that was fresh with a vinegarette that still didn't do much for the tofu. [The same cucumber salad vinegarette at Siam Thai is more clean and crisp.] While green curry's are not generally my favorite (I often find them bland and less flavorful than a red), the beef green curry was tasty. The heat was one that built up slowly as you ate but was never overwhelming to the overall dish. The jasmine rice was cooked perfectly. While overall I can't complain, I can say I have had better but it is a worthy option when seeking a quick Thai fix. Still craving a good curry I guess I know what I will be making at home this weekend. Or maybe I will try Thai Hut.
2	Food was alright. Service was the worst I have ever experienced. I took almost two hours for us to receive our food. I haven't and will not go back. THAI HUT IS MUCH BETTER/CHEAPER/BETTER SERVICE!!
4	i've had a few dishes here...the veggie curries hit the spot for me...but the one dish that sticks out in my memory is the seafood panang. even though i am put off by the textures of  some sea creatures (especially squid and mussels), i love this dish. the sauce is savory, spicy, sweet, and rich. the assortment of seafood in this panang consists of salmon, scallops, mussels, and squid.  the salmon pairs quite well with panang sauce, as do the tender scallops. the mussels taste wonderful in this dish despite their graphic texture...the squid is rubbery and i can't recall a time when i've not eaten rubbery squid. is there a way to make its texture more palatable?...despite the squid, i probably order wild thaiger's seafood panang once a month when i can afford to do so and when i am craving a protein rich meal. the veggie spring rolls here are okay, but not amazing. the thai iced tea is standard, which is good. the tom yum (or was it tom kah?) soup was unique as it had a sharper flavor than i'm used to--more spices seemed to be used, and it tasted fresher than some of the thai soup i've had in other thai places. overall, i have to say i love this restaurant when i'm in the mood for thai.
4	I always eat here, since A) the food is great, B) it's super close, and C) the wait staff is really friendly.  I've never had bad service here, and I come all the time.  Although, maybe that's why I get good service, because I come all the time. :)  I must admit, though, I only rotate through maybe four dishes on the menu.  If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
2	This place was highly recommended by our friends and we were hoping to also like it. First off, I called and asked if I could bring a small birthday cake for my husband's birthday. The lady on the phone said it was not an issue. We got there and it was packed on a Friday night. The hostess said it would be 20 minutes for a table. Literally two seconds later, there was a four person table cleared. I asked for the table and she got someone to clean it for us. The place was busy and noisy.  The menu was limited and average priced for most items. I craved noodles so ordered the Pad-Seiw. The noodles were alright. Somehow seems like there should be basil in the dish and not a bunch of cauliflower. The hubby had the bbq chicken with coconut rice.  Later our server later came back to tell us that they were going to charge us 5 dollars for bringing our own cake. Nice how that was not mentioned on the phone or when she first took the cake to the fridge for us.  So sadly we will not be returning. Thai Rama has much better food and service.
3	I am a huge fan of spicy food and this stuff knocked my socks off. If you aren't as adventurous with your spices (or just don't want your tongue to die) simply ask them to make it mild. All in all super yummy, will def be back. Oh and you have to try the thai iced tea. Its mental how good it is.I gave it 3 stars because I don't want to throw around stars and save them for those rare AWESOME moments when food knocks my socks off :DEnjoy!
5	Great food and service
4	I haven't been in a while but I remember being impressed.  Nice ambiance, especially for a Thai restaurant.
4	Finally got to eat at this place after driving by so many times.  It was great - great food, great set up, great vibe, great servers, everything was just great.  Went for lunch and got 2 great meals off the lunch menu and our total bill was $20...can't beat that.  The iced tea was a little different but in a good way - I think it was a green tea iced tea.  Very impressed, will definitely be going back.
3	It was fine.  A fine thai meal to have before a rock show downtown.  Would I go again if I were in Phoenix, probably not, maybe so.  The service was fantastic, the food was fine, the place just had a weird energy, or maybe that's just a Phoenix thing.
3	Wild Thaiger was very cozy and inviting. This was my first time eating Thai food so I was looking to have a great experience unfortunately the service or lack there of almost ruined it for me. They were not very busy but it took about 10 minutes for the hostess to seat us. The server took another 15 minutes to take our drink order. The Thai iced tea was really different but very good. We ordered some chicken egg rolls and when they finally came or they were amazing! Our main dishes took forever to come out and it was just ok. I think I like Thai food.but I will not be returning here.
5	This place is really our favorite Thai restaurant in Phoenix area by far. The corn fritter appetizer is so yummy and I love their pad thai, which I usually get vegetarian with tofu. I have not had any veggie pad thai that is better anywhere else!  Wish it were closer to us, we'd go a lot more often if it was.
4	I've eaten at a number of Thai restaurants in the Phoenix area, and this definitely is in the top 3.  The food is great as was the service and it has a cozy patio if you enjoy eating outside or are a smoker.  The price was also reasonable.   They do serve alcohol, although I'm not sure if it was full bar or beer/wine service only.
4	Husband and I decided to try this place out based on the great Yelp reviews and it did not disappoint!  We ordered takeout, and weren't too adventures.  I ordered the Beef Panang and husband ordered a peanut chicken dish.  Both were delicious, the chicken was moist and flavorful, and the Panang had just the right amount of spice.  One of my main complaints with the local Thai eateries is that they generally do not provide much spicy kick, but Wild Thaiger knows how to pack the punch.  Definitely do not order the spicy dishes if you can't take the heat.
4	Went there on a first friday night, they were slammed but the waitress was still very attentive.  We ordered pad thai, tom ka gai and sticky rice, all three were delicious!  Great patio too.
2	Very mediocre. There are two better thai options in the downtown area... Thai Elephant and Thai E San. Wild Thaiger had mediocre curry ( i have tried to enjoy dinner there two times,  and horrible, slow service. Check out the places I mention above.
5	In the land where many of the Thai restaurants simply rotate proteins, carbs and a standard vegetable medley, Wild Thaiger dishes out more authentic versions of traditional Thai specialties.  I'm a huge fan, especially given that it's proof in and of itself that Thai food is more than just a combo plate - it's an explosion of flavors amalgamated into unique and colorful profiles and textures.  It's an adventure.Wild Thaiger offers some of my favorites that are not to be found at Thai Basil (so mediocre) and Thai Elephant (good but standard) - Dragon's Eggs are a spin on Kanom Jeeb, thai pork and crab dumplings similar to shu mai, graced with a spicy slice of raw jalapeno on top.  Decha Boar celebrates the not often served wild boar in a peppery sauce of basil and telicherry peppercorns.  They understand that pepper can be flavorful in addition to hot, and there's a whole taste profile there just waiting for you to explore.  Best of all, the presentation on the dishes is a work of art - ribbons of carrots and beets as edible garnishes remind you of what a treat it should be to dine out.If you are looking for standard Thai, without flair or panache, I could see how this might be seen as too expensive.  But for my money, I'd rather blow my tastebuds out of the park with a mindful chef who prepares her curries and sauces with finesse and grace.  Yum to the freakin' yum.
4	I have been here numerous times and almost always get the Pad Thai and always leave stuffed and happy.  I like Thaiger because I feel very appropriate drinking wine with my Thai food because of the swanky interior of the place.  I especially love the open air patio where I took my mom to dinner when she came to visit.  Some say this place doesn't have the best Thai food in the Valley and with so many options I would not be surprised if there is a superior Thai place somewhere.  However, in terms of classy Thai in Phoenix, you can't beat Wild Thaiger.  Also, I love the pun in the name.  There, I said it.
4	If you can get past the goofy name, the food is pleasing in every way. How the staff behind the line can pump out delicious dishes like the best pad thai I've ever had, present each plate in something resembling high art, and not explode despite a fast-food pace is beyond my meager understanding. It's an Eastern thing, dude.Also amazing: The female wait staff. Just go. You'll see what I mean. Yeah. Incredible.Anyway, a good place to remember on North Central.
5	Since enjoying authentic Thai food in Bangkok and particularly at the Oriental Hotel 20 years ago, I have waited for the day that a Thai restaurant somewhere else approached the delicate blend of flavors of those first tastes. It happened at Wild Thaiger. The soup and the curry were wild and wonderful, and this weekend we were dismayed to find out that we couldn't get take-out before 5pm, but we will be back soon. Big portions. Highly recommended!
4	The food is super tasty, the decor is nice, but the service could be improved upon. My husband and I try to stop here if we're in the area because the food is so delicious and elegantly served. The pad Thai and curries are tasty as is the Thai iced tea (creamy sweet tea with ice). I usually order the yellow curry with chicken. Lunch hour is very busy so you might get stuck waiting for your server. Once we went after the lunch-hour rush, but still ended up with sub par service because the staff was eating their lunch. Despite the sometimes slow service, we come back because of the quality and taste of the food.
4	Went on my birthday after St. Francis had an hour long wait.  Very happy with our decision.  Had the ginger martini.  Very sweet, but very good.  Then, we shared the vegetarian appetizer plate.  The corn fritters are mind blowing good!  Never had anything like that before.  I had the tofu pad thai, which was perfect!  The hubby had the mahi mahi which was good, but could have used more sauce. Our friends split the yellow curry which was some of the best I've had in town.  Great heat and flavor.  Bathrooms were clean and nicely decorated.  The whole place had a positive vibe and friendly (though not the most prompt) service.  Will go back again for sure!
5	I can only say that it was amazing!  I am a fan, and the service was really great.  I recommend trying this place if you like authentic Thai food.  I will definitely be going back.
2	I had a surprising lunch at the Thaiger.  Received a royal welcome from a singularly beautiful Thai woman, sit where you want, move chairs to be more comfortable, we are so glad you are here etc etc.  Then nothing.Maybe it was our fault as we chose outside on a cloudy cool day.  After no response, I went in ordered food.  Food was delivered 45 minutes later.  Didn't have a complete place setting and they never returned so I trudge back inside and so it went.Then adding insult to injury the food was bland when it arrived.  Why ask about spice levels?  Another trip to the bar for some peppers.  They gave me chopped serrano peppers so I can only conclude the kitchen was not attentive to our choices.We chose WT based on Yelp reviews and have to say it looked like they would know Thai food and maybe on a different day the experience would be better.   However, on our visit, we were treated as intrusions instead of guests and are not likely to be back.  Not worth the time or money solid 2 stars.Mike
5	Let me say that this is by far the best Thai food I have had in Phoenix. The atmosphere is great very friendly staff we were seated right away and made to feel right at home. I had the strawberry Champagne Martini it was very well made. I must say this place is great for a first date anniversary or valentines the owner is wonderful I recommend this place as a romantic spot for a couple. I will continue to go back as long as they are opened.
5	You won't be disappointed. We've eaten here about 7 times now, and we are ALWAYS delighted. The Beef Panang is just killer. The strips of beef are incredibly tender and of high quality. I usually find that the strips are a perfect medium (which I didn't know was possible in Thai cuisine). The sauce, ohhhhhh the sauce. Pour it over the rice (if you get it to go) and just love.Personally, my favorite is the yellow curry. Look, I've had Thai Elephant, Thai-E-Sam, Thai Basil, and another Thai joint in Phoenix that I can't remember. Yellow curry is my dish. It's absolutely the best here. Every time I eat it, my scalp tingles and I slip into a blissful happy place. The steamed vegetables are so tender that they fall apart. The little relish on the side is shockingly delicious and refreshing. The duck sauce that comes with the fried rolls makes them worthwhile. I know there's something with peanut sauce (satay?) that makes me happy.Appetizers and desserts are up to you. If you like cellophane wrapped veggie rolls, they're great here. If you like coconut ice cream, do it. If not, you can probably skip these as they cost as much as the entrees. Another note: don't come here thinking this is 100% authentic Thai cuisine. It's definitely Thai...but upgraded. In my opinion, it's perfect. It's also a good place to take someone on his or her first taste of Thai.
2	mediocre Thai food. nothing bad but nothing special. ordered Tom Yum soup that lacked Thai basil, Keiffer lime leaves and barely contained Ginger. it was mostly broth with few veggies. the Pad Thai was decent. the green papaya salad was bland needing more lime juice. we ordered everything medium spice and it came out with no heat. disappointing experience. we came only due to the four star rating. the cheesy 80's radio station didn't help. not sure if I'll be back.
3	I have been going crazy on trying all the well rated thai restaurants around the valley.  Thai food is my new favorite.I was really excited to try this place with my husband on Saturday.  I really enjoyed the opportunity to eat outside on such a beautiful day.I was grossed out a bit on how dirty it was (the grime on the plastic curtains around the porch), the dust on the fans, ect.  I do realize I was eating outside in the desert though so I tried to let it go.The service was pretty bad.  We had to ask for ice tea refills.  We had to ask for additional sweetner packets.  We were told they didn't have rice to serve our meal with so we would get rice noodles.  This was told to us in a very straight forward mannner with no apologetic tone at all.  No rice at a thai restaurant?!?!  How do you run out of something so basic???Anyway, the must have remedied the situation because we did indeed get rice with our meals.  My husband ordered the wild boar.  He thought it was just okay.  I had the eggplant and tofu.  I asked them to add some thai pumpkin to it.  It was SUPER YUMMY.  The bill was a bit expensive and I won't be running back.  It took us over an hour to get our lunch!!  We didn't stay once we were done eating and spent almost 2 1/2 hours at the restaurant!!Truth be told I think Thai Elephant or Papaya Thai are still my favorite thai restaurant.
4	Living in Chandler I never would have found this place unless I had to meet a friend who was in town staying near by.  I read many reviews and even with many complaining about the service, we gave it a try.First upon arriving I was met by a friendly hostess, who offered to get me a beer while I waited for my friend.  When I went to pay she said don't worry, it will be added on your bill. Now I like that in a place!When seated our server (huge smile) immediatley was there offering all of us more drinks, so far I find nothing like those that have complained.Since it was a Friday during lent my friend could not have meat so we ordered with our drinks the veg sampler app.  It came and was fantastic and most suprisingly light.  I ordered as a main the seafood panang and it was so good.  The panang sauce had great flavor with a  nice touch of heat on the backside.  None of it remained.  My friend ordrered the mango shrimp and ate every bite of that.Finally anyone who does not have mango and sticky rice at a Thai joint is nuts in my opinion so of course we ordered that.  Just delicious!  So this place is legit, good service and good food.  I would if I could give it 4.5 stars.
5	Called in another order earlier this week. It was ready when I got there. As always, the food was amazing. I'm still trying to figure out how they have beef of such incredible quality. They cook it perfectly. Just awesome. One nitpick- dinner costs more than lunch but you don't get a spring roll with it? Come onnnnn! Just throw one in the bag. I won't tell!
4	4.5 or maybe 4.6Finally got to try Wild Thaiger. By what I have read and now I interpreted the menu, I thought it was just fancy schmancy version of my fave Thai dishes. Since I'm not one to mess with classics, I didn't know how I'd like this spot. Wifey told me that tonight was the Thai New Year and they were going to have live music and dancers, so I figured uck it why not. What an awesome meal.We started with the veggie sampler ($12.95) as our appetizer and a big ole $5 Thai beer. The sampler had the corn fritters, veggie egg rolls and tofu in peanut sauce. The corn fritters were other worldly, totally killer, I really enjoyed the tofu and the veggie rolls. What a great way to open up the meal.For our meals, we split the Seafood Panang which was shrimp, scallops, mussels, calamari and salmon in a spicy red coconut sauce. The ONLY part I didn't totally love was the calamari, it was waaaay chewy. Every other part was perfect. The shrimp were sweet and succulent, the scallops cooked to utter perfection, the mussels were done the was they're supposed to be not chewy, tender) and the salmon was something to slap my mama over. The other dish we had to split was the Merry Mu (grilled pork served with coconut rice and carrot "relish"). The pork was perfectly seasoned sliced large pork pieces, the coconut rice was a sticky ball of semi sweet rice (not my bag, but I think some people would like it) and the carrot relish was more like a sweet carrot salad. It did come with this really peculiar (in a good way) green salty/bitter sauce that I kept going back to. I realized a piece of the pork, with some of the sweet carrot salad and the sauce had the total package. Wow. We ended the meal with a stiff cocktail (I had this cosmo thing with sake, cranberry and lime juice that I had them serve me in a regular cup instead of the martini glass so I didn't look like a nancy) and wifey had a big ole slice of chocolate cake. Triple decker and all.We ended up leaving around 720 or so, and the music was SUPPOSED to start at 7 but we didn't get to see it. Nevertheless, it was an awesome meal and I'm super stoked to have that cool Thai spot within walking/stumbling distance to the casa.
5	Wow, just realized my reviews were never finished... So, this is from a year ago at Thanksgiving.  Haven't been back, but would definitely try it again.*************We just returned from a delish meal at Wild Thaiger, after reading all the great reviews.  I'm happy to say it didn't disappoint!  We had appetizers as well as dinner, and everything was sooooooooo tasty!  The presentation was pleasing, the portions outrageously large, and the service exceptional.  Granted, we did have the place pretty much to ourselves (being the day before Thanksgiving...).  Still, it was a great experience.  We'll definitely be back!
5	I'm in love with their pad Thai!
3	This place will satisfy a craving for Thai food, but the aesthetics and practicality of the menu is poorly put together. I don't doubt that the service is usually better too, but it was clear they were short-staffed for whatever reason the night I went, so the it took longer to order than I would have liked.I ordered the Kimow, which is a dish I have been looking for on the menus of various Thai restaurants in AZ, but have never been able to find. Needless to say, I was excited! Alas, at the arrival of my food, I was disappointed. It was a small portion for paying 10 dollars, but I will say it was tasty. It is starting to get hot now and the evening's cold air was starting to set in, so we sat outside, which was nice. Inside looked clean and the booths are rather private, which is neat. My biggest complaint was the layout of the menu itself. This may sound kind of stuck up, but it really made a difference to me. It is kind of scattered looking and the selection, as it is presented, appears small. Plus, the menu doesn't obviously inform the customer that all their specialties and items that say they're made with this or that meat, can actually be replaced with another meat or tofu (if you're vegan or vegetarian like me). Needless to say, I always value trying new restaurants, especially of my favorite cuisine. Wild Thaiger, unfortunately, probably won't be one of those places I insist on going to when I go to Phx though. Like I said, it'll satisfy, but it pretty mediocre.
4	Tried this place last night... its very good location with a nice patio. The food was fresh and was good. I only gave it 4 out of 5 just because I have tried Thai food twice now and really not impressed. Food not that favorable. I think I will be sticking with Chinese and Japanese.
3	We had our first experience on a Friday night about 6:30. The servers were pleasant.  Wild Thaiger has a nice patio dining facing Central, but it was a little too hot and they didn't have a misting system. The inside was clean with a combo bar and open kitchen. We started with the Freshie Rolls with warm Peanut Sauce and Lychee Martini. Nice, but not the best in town (Pure Sushi Bar has a to die for Lychee Lemon Drop).  The entrees are huge and could easily be shared. We had the Kimow - hot and spicy clear noodles, chicken, broccoli, snow peas, sweet onion, Thai chili, garlic and sweet Thai Basil - Delicious!To be fair, Thai is not one of my favorites, but we love to support local restaurants and this came highly recommended. Glad we tried it. And for those of you who like it HOT and SPICY - Wild Thaiger has you covered.
4	Go here for the food, but most importantly, the mango sticky rice dessert. HEAVEN.  I work around the corner so come here once a month or so. The owner is a very sweet lady and the servers remember us which is heartwarming. I enjoy their pad thai quite a bit and have tried other dishes as well. They're soups are fantastic and so is their iced tea!
3	Ample parking in back, but spaces are narrow.Food is delicious.Prices are a bit higher on average for Thai places I've been to around town.
1	The staff here seems to resent it when Thais come in. My wife is Thai. As soon as she entered she was met by a Thai staff member. She asked a question about a menu item. The responce was simply nasty & for no reason. We told our friends we had taken there we wouldnt stay & we left. We will never return. There are many other places to go & several not to far from this joint. Read Gary Cs review before you waste money here.
4	Always happy with the food and service. The only HIV infected rodent I saw was the couple who complained about everything.  Im sure we have all sat next to them before!  Nice restaurant, happy its in the neighborhood!
3	I've been here several times, but have to admit it gets rougher each time.  First off just be prepared to wait at lunch or get there a bit early, I don't fault them for that, it comes with the location.  The service though, rush or not, has gotten progressively worse each time.  Food is quite good, and I have not had any issues with how spicy, or not, the dishes I have tried here have been.  I used to consider this a front runner in this part of town for Thai, but I think it is more on par with Hut and Elephant now.
2	Great service and okay food. I ordered 5-Spicy level ( where 4 is Thai hot) and the food came out tasting sweet. I love La's Thai on McDowell and Hayden much better
4	Thai Iced Tea, Pad-Thai & Chicken Satay.  A trifecta of flavor goodness.  A great place to go for lunch because its right in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  Yay!
4	Food always great!!  One of the BEST!  But the interior remodel is aweful. The fish tank is such a bad statement. Makes the place look cheap and looks more like other crappy Thai restaurants. Poor choice in a remodel. 86 the fish tank.
5	Many great dishes but the stand out for me: the freshie rolls! The best gluten-free spring rolls in Phoenix!
5	Decided to visit this place because a friend of mine just started working here, Kristin, she alone is worth a visit to this place. Kristin has such an upbeat personality and a beautiful smile, make sure you ask her when you go and tell her Amber sent ya !!The restaurant has a huge patio facing Central Ave and the inside is decorated very tastefully. They have a nice selection of wines, specialty cocktails, and beer ( mostly Asian imports ). My husband and I ordered :The Temple of the Thaiger- delicious and described as a party in your mouth, and it was. Perfectly seasoned chicken layered on fried won tons.Satay Sampler- This was shrimp, chicken, and beef covered in a peanut sauce and was very yummy.Freshie Rolls- we had the chicken and the veggie and both were soooooo good, this is a must try !Jasmine rice- steamed to perfection.All food is made to order and is fresh and delicious. This is a family owned and operated business with Thai born chefs that really know what they're doing. It is a little pricey for Thai food, but the quality and flavor make it worth it. They also have several lunch specials for $7.95 from 11-2 Monday thru Friday.
4	My daughter and I enjoyed the Satay Sampler, Super Soup and Pad Thai noodles.  All delicious, great atmosphere, we were very satisfied.
4	A simple spot to enjoy good quality Thai food here in Central Phoenix.  True, the decor is kind of low key and the building kind of plain-jane...but the staff is always very friendly, sweet and attentive, and the food just plain delish.   My personal favorite is the Tom Ka Gai hot pot with Shrimp.  Great flavors and plenty big enough for two to share.  The patio is nice and usually less crowded than the inside of the restaurant.
3	Enjoyed dinner on the patio - I had the Pad Cha Seafood dish rated "Thai hot" - the so-called hottest dish on the menu.  The person I was with ordered the ginger fish - mediocre at best, although it looked great with a variety of vegetables and pineapple.  I felt the dishes looked better than they actually tasted.  The seafood (mussels, calamari, salmon, shrimp) in my dish was very fresh but it wasn't Thai hot at all.  The ambiance of their patio was enjoyable and the Thai iced tea was very tasty although a little too sweet towards the end.  Overall, I will probably give this restaurant another try in the future but I wasn't very impressed with the taste of the food.
3	The food was amazing. It was the fact that we stood there for twenty minutes and no one, literally, no one acknowledged our presence. We sat ourselves in a reserved table, and they told us they were short a cook and that was the reasoning behind the reservation signs. I would have rather been seated, had them explain the lack in staff and just waited longer for my food. This situation could have been handled in a more tactful manner. I will try again, hopefully I can give it five stars next time.
4	Great food and attentive staff.
4	Delicious thai food.  I tried the tom yum soup which was very flavorful and delicious but a touch on the salty side.  The pad thai noodles were also awesomely chewy and came with tons of mix-ins on the side like peanuts, cabbage, bean sprouts, beets, and cilantro.  A bit too much sauce was on the noodles today, but adding the veggies really helped.  Next time I'm hoping to try the durian ice cream as well ;p
4	I've been there twice and I have been happy both times.The hardest thing to convey to the waitress is that YES, I do want it Thai hot.Other than that and a small dining area (our "cold" winter nights are still doable on the patio, though), the experience is quality. Good food, well presented. Even my vegetarian friends were happy.
4	Great delicious food with good service here. The only thing is that if you are here and they are busy it might take you awhile to get fed. The kitchen is small...... Drinks are awesome and reasonably priced.
5	Two Words. Holy Basil !!!p.s  thai spicy...
4	The food here is absolutely delicious! I would highly recommend their thai green curry (has a nice spicy kick to it), and the pad thai is worth a try as well. Unfortunately, the service is incredibly, incredibly slow.
3	Well...mixed bag!Went with a buddy on a Wednesday night and the place seemed to be hopping...maybe a bit too busy as the service was pretty bad.  We were seated right away, but waited 15 minutes for a waiter.  Appetizer arrived fairly promptly, but there was nearly a 30 minute wait after the appetizer was cleared for main courses to arrive.  We had the Vegie Sampler as an appetizer and it was incredibly delicious - I'd go back just to order that dish!  Crispy/crunchy corn fritters, big chunks of seared tofu (which sounds sort of nasty to a meat-eater like me but was incredible!) with peanut sauce, and crispy fried vegie rolls.  This dish was the only real winner - and was way over the top with flavor!My buddy had a tofu/vegie dish - I wish I knew what it was exactly - but on the menu it had a single pepper on it.  He ate half of it and was beading with sweat, so beware that even a "medium heat" dish can get pretty hot.  I asked for a vegie/chicken dish - something "healthy" and was told about a dish with a soy and garlic sauce.  The chicken and vegies were fairly good (a bit heavy on the cauliflower maybe) but the sauce just tasted "off" - not like soy/garlic at all and was odd enough that I didn't finish the dish either.  It wasn't flavorful - it didn't taste like I'd had it described - and it didn't compliment the rest of the dish.   Both of our issues with main courses are probably more personal preferences but there's also room for improvement maybe in how the dishes were described to us.I had a ginger martini and my buddy had a very tall mai tai ($6 - which was a good deal for the large glas!).So...hit and miss...but I will try it again.
5	Some friends of mine took me to the Wild Thaiger for my birthday.  I can't think of a better place to have my birthday dinner. This place is fantastic!  The food was great and served with true elegance but in a casual setting. Even though it was a weekend evening and the place was absolutely packed, the service was great.  We were told right from the start that there would be at least a 20 minute wait and they were dead on in their estimate.  No problem at all.  I don't mind waiting if I'm told the wait time and it is accurate. The atmosphere is relaxing, intimate and the decor is not over done as are so many Thai restaurants.  Can you say clean?  Even on such a busy night they kept the place almost spotless, even the bathrooms.  The kitchen is open to the dinning area and you can see how well managed and organized every thing is.  The kitchen staff looked like a well oiled machine in action.The Food and Drinks:Well to start off, we didn't order any adult beverages this evening as we were going out to a local night club after dinner for our fill of libations. Instead I ordered the Iced green tea which was brewed to perfection!  I don't remember what everyone else had but I know one member of our party got the Thai Iced tea and said it was fantastic.Appetizers:We ordered a bunch of appetizers for the table.Dragon Eggs - These pork and crab stuffed dumplings were tender, tasty and served with a mild-tangy dipping sauce.Satay Sampler - Shrimp, beef and chicken skewers marinated in a tasty coconut curry and served with peanut sauce and cucumber chutney. Loved it!Wild wrap - Spicy chopped chicken with a mint-lime sauce served with cabbage leaves. This tasted so fresh. Yes, spicy but very refreshing at the same time.Veggie Spring Rolls - Tender and crispy rolls stuffed with fresh veggies, cellophane noodles and served with a great plum sauce. They really were tender yet crisp, hot, tasty and the veggies tasted so fresh you would think they had a garden out back. I looked for it but found nothing but parking lot.Hot Pot:We also shared a Tom Yum Goong hot pot. The soup was nice and spicy, the shrimp was tender, the mushrooms had a rich earthy flavor and the lemongrass infused a wonderful aromatic hue to the soup.Main Course:I had the Ginger Fish. This is a breaded piece of salmon topped with mushrooms, onions, carrots and pineapple with a ginger sauce along with fresh sauteed veggies and rice. The presentation was first-class and portion size was very generous . In fact, I ended up taking about half of it home.  Trust me, it was so delicious that I really wanted to finish the whole dish but after all the appetizers and soup I thought I might explode if I didn't stop eating!Once again, I cant remember what everyone else had but there were no complaints at all.Desert:OMG the Lemon Ginger Cheesecake is to die for!  Enough said. Period!Will I go back?I wish I lived in their back room so I could eat every meal there.Hats off to The Wild Thaiger.The best Thai food I have found anywhere in Arizona.
5	There may be equals but not better restaurants than the Wild Thaiger. (Have no idea what a Thaiger is...is there a tame one?)  Anyway, went there today for lunch for thefirst time and was super impressed.  Service by a drop dead georgeous Thai waitress was excellent.  Food was superb...don't see how it could have been better.  Wife had chicke curry which was excellent.  I had pad tai which could not have been better.  Food came immediately.  Steaming hot.  Lovely!!Hardest part of visit was finding the parking lot.  Once you know where it is, you'll always know.  I parked on right side of the building.  Fortunately there's a sign saying it's on othe other side.  From then on.....a piece of cake.I'm no stranger to Thai food and Wild Thaiger is one of the best.
4	I have only been to Wild Thaiger a few times and have eaten food they catered for a private buffet dinner at the restaurant most of those times. The Pad Thai is a favorite of mine. I love their Iced Thai Tea. The atmosphere is nice, the service is top notch and the food is constantly good. They also have a full bar with happy hour.
5	One of the best Thai restaurants. Mahi Mahi Prig Pao is the best Thai dishes ever. Pad Thai was good. Lettuce rolls so-so.
5	My favorite Thai place!   I rarely eat meat/picky with meat I eat  but the chicken here is always perfect! So delicious, friendly staff and great location!
3	Pretty good food.  It is a small place so when you go do not go with the intention that it will be fast getting your food because it can be pretty slow at times.
1	What is up with crappy customer service in this town?!?  I am giving this place 1 star based on the fact that my dinner companion and I couldn't eat more than 1 bite of the Mahi curry dish because it was so hot.  Don't get me wrong, I love spice, we have a multitude of hot sauces, chili paste and spicy oils in our home collection.  My companion loves, loves, loves things spicy, but when we both take a bite and can't actually taste any flavors of the dish, just burning lava, well it is simply to hot.  When we called our server over to let him know that the dish was way to hot to be palatable he asked if we wanted it boxed up.  Um no, please just take it away.  He didn't even ask if we wanted something different.Here is the kicker, when he brought our check the dish was still on it.  I called him over and asked for him to remove it for the obvious reason that we sent it back.  His response, "Ohhh sorry!  It does say spicy on the menu."  I couldn't believe it.  I got charged $14.95 for a dish we couldn't even eat.  Totally lame.  A manager didn't even come over to try to smooth this issue out.  I left nothing for the tip considering they were ok to rip me off.  I won't be back.
5	I have been a fan of Wild Thaiger since 2006!! This is some of the most scrumptious thai food i have had hands down in the Phoenix area.  You HAVE to have the thai iced tea, peanut chicken, and the veggie rolls...yummmm.The only negative is I recently went there on the weekend and the service was HORRIBLY slow because they only had one server for the whole restaurant, although small.  Im not sure if this was just an unusual day or what because during the week they are speedy.Love this place!
3	After Mexican food Thai the the most numerous type of food in the down town area. With this stiff competition offerings need to be unique.While Thaiger is on the higher end of the down town Thai spectrum in both prices and presentation.  Most dishes are 7.95 with soup OR spring roll but not both. The vegetarian dishes are 8.95 and some of the noodle ones are closer to $10.Service was fairly slow, less than ideal at lunch hour and surprising as they were not very busy. Another negative note is the open kitchen. I was able to see one cook use the microwave on something. Microwaves and gourmet never mix.I had the Veggie Kiewan 8.95 with a spring roll. The spring roll was nothing special. The green curry was quite rich and thick one of the richest in town. The vegies were good as was the tofu this is all topped with a beet garnish. Overall it was a good dish.My co workers opted for the soup. It was a curry soup with chicken in it. They said it was just ok.Due to the slower service, microwaves and higher prices I gave it 3 vs 4 stars. If you want to impress a client for a lunch this is the thai place to go to.
5	Most of my reviews for Asian restaurants in Phoenix begin with something like, "it's good...for the area," but this place is just plain good. I'm a pretty serious Thai food snob and--even when I lived in Chicago--I only frequented a handful of Thai places.That being said, I'm definitely going to be a repeat customer at Wild Thaiger.My husband and I gave it a try for Dining out for Life when our first choice had a long wait. I've never been so happy I couldn't get a table somewhere. We sat outside on their patio which I would recommend to anyone. It's open yet cozy and comfortably cool. For our appetizer, we had the seafood pancake. I've never had anything like it but the description sounded too good to pass up. It's a crispy pancake full of sprouts, scallions, shrimp, mussels and squid. It was delicious and really unique. For dinner, I ordered the Decha Boar. The description listed it as being perfect for the "true Thai foodie." With a description like that, I had to order it. The dish was spicy and flavorful. I'd caution anyone not familiar with Thai food that it might be a bit too spicy for you even if you like spicy foods. Different chiles effect people differently. My husband ordered the Ginger Fish. The sauce on the fish was like liquid crack. I could've taken a bath in it. Long story short: it was SO good. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other menu items. They have a smaller menu compared to most Thai places and I believe this allows them to focus on perfecting a few dishes instead of doing lots of mediocre things with Thai flavors. Check this place out!
2	The food here is good.  The curry plates are especially delicious.   Too bad the service is so stand-offish.  I've been here close to 10 times and every single time I've left thinking I should have just gone to Thai Hut a mile away instead, based solely on the long wait and inattentive staff.
4	I stayed nearby on a business trip and was in the mood for Thai, so I called in an order for pick-up.  I ordered the Galee Gai (chicken and potatoes in yellow curry over rice) and spring rolls on the side.  Both were fantastic!  The curry is definitely spicy, but it's the good spicy you're probably looking for if you want Thai.  The spring rolls were crispy and delicious and came with a sweet-spicy dipping sauce.  The portions were great - neither too small, nor a ton of wasted leftovers.When I walked in to pick up the order, I was pleasantly surprised: black tables and chairs, nice table settings (complete with linen napkins and wine glasses), a very nice bar setting (great for eating alone), and plently of booths, "typical" tables, and high-top tables.  The kitchen is behind the bar, and you can pretty much see everything going on back there, so there's no question about cleanliness or sketchy food preparation.  I also saw one of the cooks plating some food, and it was one heck of a presentation!I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in town!
4	I was stuck in Phoenix for the night and needed to find some dinner.  I walked down the street from hotel room and headed towards a highly rated steakhouse.  But, when I saw the prices and weighed my hunger - I thought better about it.  Next door, I found Wild Thaiger which was also highly rated and seemed like a better choice.  I was right!!  I sat down at the bar and was quickly helped by the friendly waitress.  I flipped through the menu and saw all the usual Thai fare - but one specialty stuck out to me...  a spicy wild boar dish.  I was in and the waitress double checked to be sure I was aware about the spiciness of the dish.  Armed with a beer and water, I dove in for a fantastic feast.  I didn't notice the sliced thai chilies that adorned the dish until I really dug in.  Phew!!  It was spicy and it was delicious!!!  The wild boar appeared and tasted like tender slices of pork.  The sauce was flavorful and the chilies gave it a great kick.  The Thai girls in the kitchen were pleasantly surprised to see me finish the plate without suffering too much.  In fact, I LOVED it.  I don't really spend much time in Phoenix, but I will revisit Wild Thaiger if I am near by.
4	Not a HUGE fan of Thai but when you're invited to a free lunch, ya go! Atmosphere was chill with a good vibe but the concrete floors, wood and plaster walls make it a challenge to have a normal business convo much less an intimate chat. However, the food is delicious, well-seasoned and pretty quick for a lunch offering. The owner is very friendly and you can tell he takes great pride in his eatery...Wild Thaiger is good eats!!
2	I've had better.   My wife and I were very excited to try this place based on reviews. The staff was very nice, but a little slow it seemed. Our food took a very long time to come out to us, and one of the appetizers showed  up along with the entrees.I was pumped to try the Decha Boar, not only because it was boar, but it was listed as being "Thai Spicy". Everything is presented nicely, but nice presentation doesn't make up for taste. When my entree came out, the meat was very dry, and it was about as spicy as canned Rosarita spicy refried beans, which means it wasn't.  My wife told me that her Seafood Panang was relatively bland.  The best things we had that night were the appetizers, which were seafood pancake and dragon eggs.  We may go back one day, but it will be way off in the future.  If you want good Thai food that will satisfy without all the overdone presentation, just go to Sala Thai.
4	The first time for me at any Thai restaurant means one thing - Pad Thai.  Right or wrong, that's the screening process I use to base a possible return.I'm happy to report that the Pad Thai is very good here - maybe not the best I've had in the Valley but not far from it.  My dining partner reported his dish (Curry Chicken) was delicious too.  And the Thai iced coffee is so damn good they should list it under desserts. Comfortable vibe, friendly staff, good beer selection, ample parking, reasonable prices, nice patio, and from the photos, a big hit with our local newscasters.
4	Definitely worth a visit.  Good food and good service.  The dumpling and corn fritter apppetizers were fantastic.  As well as the fried rice.  I've had better pad thai before but it was still good!
4	Good foods. And nice waitress.I'm a visitor from LA.  And I always want Thai FOod!!! That's why I found this restaurant I ordered...-Pad kra prow Kai : real taste of thai*-Sa tey : Full flavor-Tom Kha Kai : So rich and too sweet for me. But my bf love it (I'm. Thai)-Pad c aew : More than ok but not great!
5	We have been here several times, and it has been fantastic every time.The wait staff always remembers us, and is very friendly. The service is always great.They keep the place clean as well, and that is a major plus.The food has always been very, very good. Flavorful, and well priced.I always order the Merry-Mu, which is a very good pork dish. I have also recently become a fan of the Fillet, as it is better than most steaks I have eaten that were three times the price at other places.The Coconut sticky rice could be a meal all by itself, it is that good - and I am not a rice fan. Even the garnish/filler food is loaded with flavor.The Mango Cheesecake is my favorite cheesecake desert of any place I have eaten, it is amazing.I think this is one of the best places to eat in Phoenix, and it is worth the wait, the drive, and the money.
5	I went here on a first date the other day. I've already been here before, but I just got the standard Pad Thai. I know that's just an American thing, so I wanted to try something a bit more Thai. I ordered the Beef Panang, and it was AMAZING. I wanted to eat the whole darn thing, but my stomach wouldn't allow me. That made me so sad, so I'll just have to go back and get some more.The service was great. We ordered our first drinks from the menu, but our server said he'd just made some fancy shmancy new cocktails the night before, so we just ordered from him and had him give us whatever he'd like. And it was great. The server was super helpful and personable, but he also gave us enough space to chit chat and be on our own.All in all, a great vibe, great service, great food, and great drinks. I'm going to make this a regular spot for me.
5	Love the accommodating menu and atmosphere.. I can't wait to go back, I'm already craving their chicken basil.. umm umm good!!
3	Not impressed at all. The lettuce wraps had a strong chicken flavor but nothing else, no spiciness, no species, no nothing.I ordered something called like peanut passion (I love peanut curry and peanut sauce) and I ordered it with soft tofu instead of chicken (I thought I would grow feathers if I had more chicken).The flavor was OK but I already forgot it.What I liked the most, they have parking, they have a great patio (I guess October through March would be a nice place to be) and the Arnold Palmer with the green tea.The prices are fair.My verdict: Good for a quick bite if you're in the area and don't know what to eat.
3	Food was decent but very Americanized.  Neat place to hang out, but not the best for legit Thai food.
5	Fantastic, got a Hot Soup Tom gun going I believe, very tasty, ended with some fantastic Thai ice coffee and average coconut ice cream, ask for Fawn, she is very attentative and sweet
5	As someone who LOVES Thai food, I can really appreciate a good Pad Thai, and Wild Thaiger's is my favorite hands down!Just like the menu says, their Pad Thai has a plethora of intense flavors, to the point where every bite is unique.  If you love Pad Thai and haven't tried Wild Thaiger's, you need to.  If you don't love Pad Thai, it's probably because you haven't tried Wild Thaiger's.  :)  Seriously, this is one of the best dishes I've found in Phoenix.Their other dishes are consistently good as well.  I love Chicken Satay, but most places only offer it as an appetizer, with a few skimpy chicken strips.  Wild Thaiger, on the other hand, has a filling Peanut Chicken lunch, as well as a Peanut Passion dinner, both drenched in their delicious peanut sauce.  Their curries are very flavorful and make for a superb and hearty dinner, but if you're going for lunch, you may want to consider Thai Basil up the road as their curry lunch combo includes a salad and other extras.Their Thai Tea is strong yet creamy, just like it should be, and you can even add boba to it.  A must if you're eating anything spicy.The service is very professional and timely.  The atmosphere is pretty classy, in fact, it's probably the nicest-looking Thai restaurant I've been to.  It's also the only Thai restaurant I can think of with a patio.  All in all, it has a very welcoming atmosphere.  I would feel just as comfortable here in a suit as I would a T-shirt and jeans.  It's a great place for dates, business lunches, or just some great take-out.  You might spend a tad bit more here than at some other nearby joints, but the quality more than makes up for it, I would say the prices are spot-on.One day I'll learn how to write a review that's short and sweet, but I kept thinking of good things to say about this place.  Highly recommended!
4	Great choice for lunch in Phoenix! I ordered the Pad Thai which was the perfect amount of spice. I've never finished an entire plate at a Thai restaurant, but I did here. The portion was decent but not gigantic like other restaurants in the area. Everyone's food looked fabulous at our table, I can't wait to try more!
4	I normally order pad thai from any thai place but the dish to get at thaiger is the Beef Panang.  It is awesome.
5	Great service, great food!  One dish was too spicy. They immediately took it back and fixed it. The Tom Ga Kai was very good. They have this rated with '$$' but the quality exceeded the price!
5	Best Thai food you will ever eat! This IS my favorite Thai food restaurant! I have far too many items on the menu that taste AMAZING but don't miss dessert! My favorite dessert is the (homemade) coconut icecream with the fried bananas on the side. AMAZING! Simply amazing. It's my favorite dessert of ALL TIME!I must add that I really love peanut butter chicken (a childhood favorite) and this restaurant gets it perfect every time!
4	THAI ICED TEA WITH BOBA!!!!!!!First time going was last Thursday. Food, atmosphere, and service were all excellent. I haven't had too much experience with Thai food, but we thought their Pad Thai, and Red Curry dish (vegetarian) was very good.The owner, Ola, is a very nice, pleasant, and humble person.Another shout out for their Thai Iced Tea WITH boba! I've been craving this ever since!!We also had their homemade mango cheesecake. It was amazing especially with the mango sauce drizzled on top.
3	Definitely not your regular Thai place...lots of unique dishes and beautiful presentation.  Good food, friendly wait staff, cozy interior, and nice patio.  Perhaps it's the trendy-ness of the restaurant or the presence of a little one attached to me but I don't find myself saying "Let's go to Wild Thaiger" that often anymore.  Definitely more of a trendy "date night" romantic spot than a kid-friendly casual place!
1	***************************Unsanitary Conditions**************************last time we ate at this "establishment" a cock roach crawled across the bar.  When we told the owner we were told that a shipment of produce was infected by roaches. No offer to refund the meal was offered. We delivered an email of disapproval to the owner upon which she responded with refunding the meal.today when we returned for the first time since that unfortunate incident the owner informed us we were no longer welcome in her establishment. It seems a roach infestation had lowered her Maricopa Health department score - which somehow was our fault for indicating to her that there was a problem.very disappointing.  This is a restaurant i've enjoyed for years and years but will never dine at again.
1	First off, love Wild Thaiger, food is excellent, service is by in large prompt, courteous, and a relaxed atmosphere. However, I had a bad experience, where I witnessed a cockroach walking across the bar in front of me. I voiced my concern to Ola, she couldn't find it. But apologized. I was dissatisfied with this response and wrote her an email expressing my concerns. This is her appropriate, professional abbreviated response."As a regular you know we have an "A" rating because we don't have a pest problem.  I will be glad to share the pest inspection reports and monthly service schedule for the last eight years which we have been in business.  It would be a perfect world if I could afford to have enough staff to open all of our boxes in the parking lot and stock all of our products individually to ensure that unwanted pests do not enter our doors. Of course we have discontinued purchasing product from the supplier and they are aware of the problem."She refunded my money, and we're satisfied, moved on. I show up today with my party---and she pulls me out of the restaurant, tells me that "i'm not supporting her business" and that a few days after my email she gets an inspection from the Maricopa County Health Department, and they gave her a "B" rating. She proceeds to accuse me of calling them, and blaming me for her low grade. I inform her that I dealt with her straight, communicated directly with her, and I considered it resolved. At this point she tells me she won't serve me anymore after being a customer for about seven years.Having never dealt with the Maricopa Environmental Services, I'm not really aware with how they schedule their inspections but clearly it was a coincidence that it occurred 6 days later. I guess Ola never thought perhaps it was a different customer, or in fact that maybe it was scheduled every 3 months?At any rate her reaction to customer feedback is not only unprofessional but just makes bad business sense. Poor decision Ola, I'm really surprised your sanitation problem, and failing an inspection is blamed on your customers.
1	Been here twice and each time ended up having to make a rush trip to the bathroom after. The first time the shrimp came out uncooked, I sent it back and it seemed fine. Barely made it out of the restaurant before I had to rush to the restroom. The second time around, I had the same issue except also 24 hours of stomach cramps. A few other issues with service but minor compared to routine food poisoning.
4	This is my go to place near work for some Pad Thai.  I am a huge fan of their Veggie Pad Thai or their Pad Thai in general.  Always a fan when craving Thai.  Their Thai Ice Tea is also delish!
5	Yellow curry with chicken:  I dream about this!Peanut chicken:  fabulous, with more flavor than is imaginable.Basil chicken:  I think the official name is something else but this is incredibly, memorably good.Lunch specials are wonderful, but I'm usually there for dinner.  Great service and consistently good Thai food.  Of all the Thai restaurants in town (and I like many of them), this is my FAVE
5	I've been eating at The Wild Thaiger at least once a week for the last 3 years..Hands down this is the best thai food I have ever had! I have never been dissapointed by anything I've eaten here. The staff and owner are always friendly and attentive and the prices are reasonable. I would probably eat here every night of the week if I had the chance.All of the appetizers are delish but the dragon eggs are probably my favorite, tasty dumplings with a tangy sauce topped with jalapeno rounds, so good! Their crab crisps are the best you will ever have! My favorite dish of the moment is the Rama of the jungle. Delicious melt in your mouth beef skewers with flavorful rice fritters and spicy green papaya salad YUM! All of their curries are amazing and so is thier peanut sauce. There is honestly nothing here I wouldn't recommend, I even like their tofu dishes, and normally I won't eat tofu. Oh and don't forget dessert, awesome cheesecakes and coconut ice cream, even a delicious chocolate cake.  If you love fresh, mouth-watering thai food, check this place out, I'm sure you will enjoy!
4	I hope the sanitary conditions have been resolved because I love the Pad Thai at Wild Thaiger. By far the best around (at least that I have had)! My only complaint is that sometimes the servers are a bit slow. Other than that, I love it!
5	Pretty good thai food. I have been here twice and enjoyed the curry dishes very much. Great quality food and perfectly prepared. Service is always prompt and friendly - great place for lunch and dinner.
5	After an intense therapy session, I came to Wild Thaiger to debrief. They have lunch specials and bottomless french-pressed tea. The organic green tea is my favorite. Everything was very delicious and refreshing. The patio is the style of restaurants on Washington Ave, Miami Beach.My 'Thai Spicy' green curry beef came out artistically and I took a picture. I saw other people taking pics of their food, as well. Who doesn't want to eat beauty?The soup was fantastic. I doctored it up with mad jalapenos and dry red chili paste. My nose was snotting down my face.. Cultural note to the haters:Thai people eat cockroaches as an after bar street fare. Jebus ppl! It's better than a bacon wrapped hot dog out the side of a utility van.
5	I have to say of all the Thai Restaurants that I have ever been to , and there has been a lot. This is my absolute favorite.Every time I walk in here the smell is amazing.For years we have come here,ever since It first opened.It is family owned and every thing is cooked when you order it.It is always good. In all these years I have never once not liked what I have gotten here.We even got food to go from here on New Years Eve! It too was AWESOME!Just thinking about it makes me want to eat here every day, not just Fort nightly.Bathrooms are always nice and clean. Plus lots of parking in the back.Easy to find, right on Central and right next to Durants.
5	I went here when I was feeling a little under the weather and got the Super Soup. It was amazing! I got it spicy and it was most def really spicy! It was such a huge soup for 9$. I had one of my friends spring rolls which were one of the best I have ever eaten! I think its one of the best Thai places in Phoenix!
3	I used to really like the place, but lately the food has been just okay. and the curries have been a little on the watery side. I am particularly unhappy that Wild Thaier now makes things hot by merely sprinkling dried chili flakes over the entire dish, rather than cooked with the dish. Still, the food is not bad and it's a good lunch.
4	Last year gave it a 5. This year downgraded because noise level was so high. Tom Kha Gai was superb. The special was a crispy Mako Shark. Very good even though I'm not a fan of crispy. The presentation was excellent. Top notch service. Uncomfortable bench booth seats
4	This was the first Thai food I had since my trip to Thailand and it was very good.  I liked that they have Thai servers, it made the food more authentic.  It can get very busy and loud especially at lunch time.  I would recommend the Thai Tea, all beer they have is tasty, and everything i've ordered food wise was delicious.
4	Fantastic food drinks atmosphere !!!
5	Ordered lunch for pickup. It was ready when I got there, the place is clean, cool and refreshing. The food was SO FLAVORFUL!!!! No soggy bland phad thai here! The SO GOOD. :) I will DEFINITLY come here again.
5	Went there for Valentines day and got the Wild Boar. Good stuff! We were about 20 minutes late for our reservation, but they still took care of us hassle free even though they were busy. It's nice, clean and professional with great food at a nice price. Have not been disappointed after a sufficient number of visits.
5	One my favorite Thai restaurants. The Peanut Passion chicken, the Pad Thai, Kimow, Pad Cha Seafood, and everything else I've ever eaten here has been nothing short of delicious. Generous portion sizes, reasonable prices, and a warm and pleasant atmosphere. Highly recommended.The fried coconut banana with coconut ice cream is an amazing dessert!
3	I love the restaurant's billboard out front - tiger eyes peering at you, an invitation to try cuisine from faraway lands. This is what brought my husband and myself in. The parking lot is rather small, we were lucky it wasn't too busy. I can imagine it would be difficult to find parking if it was a busy night. When you first enter, you have the option of dining inside (to your left) or outside on the covered patio (right). We decided to sit outside since it was such a lovely evening. I ordered an iced Thai coffee - which was delicious. For an appetizer, my husband ordered the Dragon Eggz - dumplings with pork. These came out promptly and were tasty. For dinner, I ordered the Ginger Fish - breaded salmon with mushrooms, pineapple, onions, etc in a ginger sauce. Big mistake. The salmon was more breading than fish and was swimming in the sauce - which I didn't particularly care for. It was a disappointment, but I'd like to come back and try something different since so many other Yelpers seem to enjoy this restaurant.
3	I dunno...  the rest of the people at my table all had the Pad Thai, and all of them said it was excellent.  I had the seafood panang curry and thought that it was kind of dull and flavorless...  I really didn't like the presentation where I had to kind of help the rice find it's way to the curry and the seafood on the dish.  It looked fantastic, but when you aren't provided a spoon to do any pouring, it becomes a little awkward.The service was great.  The iced tea was weird.  No WiFi...  Eh...  I've had better, but this restaurant was very convenient...
4	Superb service, cute waitresses, and excellent green curry earn this moderately upscale Thai resto 4 stars from me.
5	Soups are wowzy spicy and the presentation is cool.  Pad Thai is as good as it gets.  Also the the Dragon appetizer.
4	I recently frequented Wild Thaiger on a whim... based mostly on other Yelp reviews and convenience of location. I was VERY pleasantly surprised. Although the exterior of the building isn't very nice, the patio seating was perfect for this spring day with protection from the sun, a casual ambiance and attentive wait staff. The menu is pretty typical, although they indicate Gluten Free items, which is very rare for Thai restaurants! This is super cool and much appreciated as it's more difficult for me to intuit ingredients in "ethnic" cooking. The vegetarian Tom Ka was brilliant and our curry dish was one of my husband's favorites ever. We didn't try any other menu items. I didn't experience the scene inside- we were dining on a weekday for lunch, so I can't speak to that. All in all, a great experience.
4	Delicious. Came here for lunch instead of going to our usual Thai Basil. The only complaint I have is that the food took forever. I went around 11 am with my coworker and it seemed like another family that came in 15 minutes after us got their food before we did. The food was good, but I wish the egg roll wasn't extra.
4	This was my first experience with Thai food and I am proud to say I am now a believer!  Showed up at 8:30 on a Tuesday night, the hours said they closed at 9:00 so I was a little worried they wouldn't be very happy with us but we were greeted with a smile and taken to a table.  It took a little bit longer than normal for our waitress to come take our order but she was especially friendly so it wasn't too bad.  We ordered the Turtle Island Crab appetizer, I got the Beef Mangone (I didn't want something too crazy on my first adventure with Thai food!) and my friend ordered the Pad Cha Seafood.The Turtle Island Crab was amazing!  My only issue with it is that I wanted more!  The wonton crackers were perfectly crispy, the crab and avocado blended together great and the dipping sauce that it came with was sweet with just a little kick.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it again!  My Beef Mangone was equally as impressive when it came out.  The presentation itself was beautiful and once I dug in, the flavor didn't disappoint either.  The beef was tender, the sauce had a bit of a kick but nothing crazy and the veggies were cooked perfectly and complemented the meat nicely.  I was nervous to try my friend's Pad Cha Seafood because it had been rated 3 peppers which equates to "Thai Hot" but I was glad I got the courage to do so because it was delicious too!  Everything was again cooked perfectly and the sauce was pretty hot but not unbearable.  I can't wait to go again and find something else to try!
4	Ate here a few months ago and I liked it enough that I would go again. I ordered the pineapple fried rice and I had enough for leftovers that lasted me two more meals!Only negative is that I came here with a guy that was an idiot, but that's not the restaurant's fault :P
5	This is a must try if you live in Phoenix and like Thai food. Great food, clean/hip place, great service, reasonably priced...what more can you ask for?
5	I have been coming here for years. And the service is consistently friendly; servers remember me and always have a smile. I love their new menu items: tonight I tried their Turtle Crab appetizer, which was very refreshing with fresh crabmeat and avocado. You must have their dragon eggz crispy...very tasty. I have yet to try their new entrees, but I will certainly be back again soon. Their Holy Basil chicken dish is hands downs the best, and at the best price. This restaurant is the best value in town and I have tried other Thai restaurants. All you need to see is their dedicated chef in their open kitchen to understand why this place rules!
5	Tropical Fried Rice -- Amazing! They can substitute the chicken with Tofu which is perfect for us vegetarians, and the rice is just so addictive. You can't stop eating it. They don't overdo it or overcook the vegetables, and it's a perfectly balanced meal. I love everything about this place.The owner, additionally, is very nice and very modest. You can barely tell that he runs one of the best thai places in downtown phoenix. Hands down, my favorite dinner option in central phx. You will come here and be impressed.
3	The food here is average at best.  I am a little concerned with the overall cleanliness of the kitchen.  It is very small yet they cut flowers and do other non food related things in the same area your food is being cooked in.  I have had to sit at the bar and wait for a table.  I noticed how small the kitchen is and how they do not clean up immediately after themselves.  Some dishes are really good while others are really bad.  Any substitutions and there is a charge.  Not very friendly at all when you can charge someone $2 for peanut sauce with their meal or $1 to add onions or remove bellpeppers.  It is just a real hit or miss here.
4	Stopped in for lunch and was decently impressed with this place. Had the green curry which wasn't Thai hot like I had asked but still somewhat spicy. Was disappointed that they did not bring/have fish sauce with Thai chili peppers to add some more salty spiciness to the curry. Impressed that there was not a selection of meats for each of the curries, they are specific to each and was cooked excellently and especially tender. Looking forward to trying some more traditional Thai dishes from here again.
5	I'm originally from the Pacific Northwest, so I'm really picky about Asian food.  Wild Thaiger is fantastic, mostly authentic, Thai food.  For the less adventurous, the pad thai is delicious and unlike what you get at most Thai restaurants in the valley.  For those with a more adventurous palate, the Pad Cha seafood dish is spectacular.  Be careful if you order Thai hot..they mean business here.  The desserts are also fantastic.  For the best service, check it out for lunch on a weekday.  Service can be a little slow for dinner, but still good.
4	Definitely has some menu items that you can't get anywhere else. The atmosphere is a bit weird, but pretty solid Thai food. I would have given it 3 stars, but they have a beer called PHUKET. I laughed my a$$ off at that. "Cry two tears in a bucket, Phuket"!
4	I will definitely come back to this place when am craving for good pad thai. I have to say so far the best in phoenix.
5	The best Thai in the Phoenix...  This place could hang with the best in the country.  Highly recommend the salad rolls and boat.
5	I adore this restaurant. I just love it. I've eaten here more than a dozen times. It's a shame I haven't gotten around to writing any reviews. So here I go!Good to be able to see the kitchen. Not the cleanest in the world, but it certainly doesn't scare me off. The head chef/owner NEVER takes any days off. He's always there, cooking up a frenzy. I admire his work ethic.The food is amazing. Love the Dragon Eggs (crispy) for the appetizer. Their Galee Gai is simply delicious. Their awesome soup Tom Yum Gai is worthy of an award. You can go anywhere you want on this menu and you won't make any wrong turns.The ONLY comment (note that it's not a complaint) is that some of their servers do not have full command of the English language. Knowing that they emigrated from Thailand and seeing their extremely cheerful disposition just makes everything ok. Just speak slowly and be understanding: they are, after all, in a big and strange country. If you happen to have the same server I had, just smile and be nice. You'll be justly rewarded! This restaurant sets the standard of service, food quality and overall experience. I cannot wait to go back.
4	(Lyrics - Survivor - Eye of the Tiger)Risin' up, back on the streetDid my time at work, took my chancesWent the distanceNow I'm back from my meetingsJust a man and his hunger for some ThaiSo many times, it happens too fastYou trade your passion for quick biteDon't lose your taste on the heat of the spiceYou must fight just to keep them aliveIt's the food of the Wild ThaigerIt's the scent of the spiceRisin' up to the challengeOf our bellyAnd the Yelper known for his songOrders his plate always rightAnd he's reviewing with hisEye on the Wild ThaigerWild Thaiger is locally own family restaurant located around the downtown area of Phoenix.  Chef and owner Olashawn Hasadinratana-Weaver brings the traditional flare of Thai food to modern day Phoenix.  Wild Thaiger has had many TV personalities visit the place, but also celebrities that come by PHX.  I know because of the pictures posted in the back wall - haha!  Decorated with traditional Thai art; Wild Thaiger tries to emulate that Thailand feel along with your cuisine.  I've been here several times once for dinner and once for Happy Hour.  I'm a big fan of the fried noodles mainly Pad See Ew - Stir-fried fat noodles with your choice of protein; chicken, beef, or pork; and of course vegetables.  Seems pretty simple, but this dish packs a punch of aroma and spice.  It's usually fried in a garlic sauce and the amount of heat is based on how much you can handle.  I can't do the Thai spice I'll admit so I always do the medium.  In any case, Wild Thaiger deliveries with the Pad See Ew along with their traditional Pad Thai dish.  Another stir-fried noodle, but this one is with the skinny noodles and it's much sweeter.Overall, I would come here for Happy Hour because they have 1/2 off appetizers.  Their selection of Thai beer is always interesting something I think you need to try for you beer connoisseurs out there.  Service is always tops and the kitchen which is open for your viewing is spotless - Enjoy!
5	Awesome!!! Great dish peanut chicken
4	Excellent food, great service, very friendly staff. Have dined here many times and have never been disappointed. The corn fritter appetizer is a real treat and should not be missed. The food is just a notch below the Siam Orchid in Gilbert, but very good nonetheless.
1	It's taken me many months to get around to writing this but I can't seem to stop thinking about it...so I'm compelled make this known by ALL who will read it. This restaurant to had decent Thai food and the service was just ok. That would have been fine had the waiter not taken the liberty of changing the amount of the tip I indicated on my Visa receipt. When I reviewed my statement online and discovered he had done that, I printed the statement and took it and the receipt (as proof) back to the restaurant to explain what happened to the manager. The manager refunded my entire tip in cash. Some would say that should have solved it, but for some reason the manager's reaction to the incident wasn't what I had hoped for. It felt more like he wanted me to simply go away with cash rather than regain my confidence as a customer. I went with what it felt like. Haven't been back and will likely NEVER return.
1	The food was okay and the atmosphere was nice. Unfortunately the service was absolutely appalling. It took 30 minutes just for the waitress to take our drink order and another 30 for her to take our food order. She took even longer to collect the bill and run our card. We could see her chatting behind the counter with another employee. My boyfriend had to walk up to the counter to ask her to run our card as we had been waiting for so long. Considering there was only one other table in the whole restaurant this was ridiculous. Extremely disappointed with my experience and I will not be coming back.
4	Ive only been here once for dinner but I go alot for lunch, I work in the area. Its always fast, sometimes gets a little busy but Ive always been able to eat and get back to work in an hour. I usually get the yellow curry or pad thai. Its good food. Not spectacular thai by any means.
5	Yet another phenomenal meal. Had the Dragon Eggz which were tangy as ever. Also tried the Turtle Island Crab, which is literally a deconstructed won ton. Just brilliant. And the perfect thing to have during the awful Phoenix summer!For dinner I ordered the Temple of Fire, and they weren't joking. It would be nice if they wouldn't pound the chicken flat as a pancake, though! Cook the whole thing and cut it up, instead! Pounding a chicken flat makes it tough. The service was stellar as always. Our server was cheerful, and on point.
5	Finally, I had a chance to try the Pad Thai. This is the best I've ever had: loaded with lots of sauce, so very peanutty, sweet and salty at the same time. And it had tons of fresh bean sprouts, cabbage, and cilantro that is great when mixed in with the hot noodles. I will definitely order this dish again, but just wished that there were more than just 2 shrimp in it.
5	Wow! The smell got me from the moment my dining partner and I entered. I could just tell things were "right" about this place. Then we saw the plates walk by..and the plates in front of the seated diners. I've paid a lot for smaller plates in the past. These plates could feed an army, and they are stacked with fresh cilantro, sprouts and frisee' beets. Truly a gorgeous spectacle of food.We could not believe the cheap price, too...$9 for the pad thai. It was THE BEST pad Thai we've ever tasted, and we've had it all over the country. Because the place was packed on a Tuesday afternoon lunch rush we were seated at the bar and served right away.I had the Thai iced coffee, served elegantly in a tall ice-filled glass. Strong and sweet. My dining partner had tea served in a French press. We had a soup starter (the broth was perfection), shared a plate of fresh spring rolls, which are the best I've had since I ate them for the first time in 1985 at Arc En Ciel in Garland, TX, because Wild Thaiger uses mint leaves--the only way to do them in my book. They were not only delicious, and were accompanied by an exquisite peanut/citrus blend sauce with hints of anise...they were plated beautifully. Served two for $9.The place is smallish....four booths and the rest tables, with a few  cafe height two-tops lining the hallway toward the bathrooms in the back that were obviously added out of necessity. The bar over looks an open kitchen where the owner/head chef prepares food next to assistant chefs. It is a show in itself.Photos line the walls near the bathrooms and some of them are impressive--the head chef with some local celebrities and one with Steven Seagal. What were most impressive to us are the photos of their annual celebrations. Brightly costumed servers and performers...We want to know when these take place!If you love Thai...GO THERE!
5	This place is amazing. A friend brought me here when I was visiting from out of town and I was really impressed. This may be my new favorite Thai food place. They have a ton of creative options on the menu that look delicious. When I told the waiter I was a vegetarian, he said that they could make 90% of things vegetarian. I asked whether that included using beef broth and fish sauce and he clarified that they use vegetarian broth and a veggie substitute for the fish sauce for all of the veggie dishes. Amazing! I got a delicious noodle dish that I'm now craving again. My friend got peanut chicken and sticky rice with mango, both of which looked delicious. I would definitely recommend this place.
4	I've always been a fan of Wild Thaiger.  It's location is great, right off the light rail on Central in Midtown.  On my quests for eating in some of my favorite places before I leave Phoenix, I met a good friend for dinner here last night. The food was wonderful as always, but one think last night stuck out.  When we arrived, we waited at the hostess station for probable 3 minutes before we were greeted.  Very odd.  Then when we were seated, another 4 minutes later before someone came over to take our drink order. A person who wasn't even our server.  Now when our server did come over, he was very attentive for the rest of the evening and the service was excellent. We started with the Freshie Rolls. YUM.  These fresh "Vietnamese type" rolls were so yummy and for sure stand up to their name "fresh".   They came with a wonderful spicy peanut sauce.  I had the Pad Thai.  Thin rice noodles prepared with chicken, shrimp, and tofu topped with fresh sprouts, and crushed peanuts.  As always it was delicious and plentiful.If you're in the area and want great Thai, give them a try.
5	Consistently the BEST Thai food in Phoenix!
4	The lunch menu is perfect. They are fast for a sit down restaurant and very helpful. I love the pad thai. My daughter loves that they make octopus hot dogs. I have never eaten here besides for lunch but I think it would be a good place to stop as well.
4	Weak 4. Very pretty restaurant, nice staff and ample parking space behind the restaurant. The sake cosmo is really good. The freshie rolls are excellent - I love the chicken and shrimp combo, the fresh mint, and the delicious peanut sauce. I thought the Kao Pad Jay was really good - the tofu was cooked well, and the rice was really rich and delicious. The vegetables in the dish were room temperature and cooler relative to the rice, so I'm wondering if they used frozen veggies rather than fresh (or maybe a combo). Good, but not sure I would get it again. The pad thai was yummy and beautifully plated. I can see myself coming back.
5	The food is awesome and the decor is great.  I've eaten here a few times and never been disappointed.
4	Busy at lunch, but this place is awesome.  Great selection but could do better on the service and speed during lunch hour. Dragon Eggs for appetizer was good. I had the catfish with a 1 pepper spice level and it was awesome.Sister said it was the best fried rice she's had in a long time. Check it out but go on off hours.
5	Wow... Loved this place.  When I walked in and saw the menu, I didn't know what to get.  I've had some great Thai food in California so I was craving something good.I really wanted a shrimp entree, but they only had seafood entrees.  I asked our waiter, Nathan, who was very pleasant, and he had a great suggestion.  He was able to customize a dish for me that I loved.  Fried shrimp with yellow curry, Thai vegetables, and jasmine rice.  He called it Crispy SH M.K.  No idea what that means but when I return that's how I'm supposed to order it.  The vegetables consisted of eggplant, Thai pumpkin, and green beans.  It was spicy, but I loved it.For an appetizer, we had the satay sampler with shrimp, beef, and chicken. The satay sauce was delicious.  And, of course, a glass of Thai iced tea.Prices were very reasonable and the portions were large - about $45 for two entrees, drinks, and an appetizer.  Can't wait to go back!!
3	Food: 4.5 stars.  Service: 2.5 stars.  Excellent food, decor and presentation.  Seafood panang curry includes jumbo shrimp, oysters, scallops and squid; it does not come with enough rice though for the curry.  Mediocre service.  I really want to give this place 4-5 stars, but the long wait (even on a busy Saturday night) ruins the whole dining experience for hungry people.  We had to wait 45min for our seafood panang curry and pad thai while the table next to us that seated 10min after us got their appetizer, soup and main dish before us.  One waiter seemed to be doing everything from being in the kitchen to serving food to asking how things are and working the cash register (he was awesome!).  Hostess at the front door did not have any personality at all, and didn't say anything or come by throughout the night.  Another waiter only came by once to fill our water, and that was when we were almost done with our meal.
5	Best Tom Kha Gai ever ever! I've eaten almost everything here and it is all top of the line. Excellent service too. The owner is so committed to the cuisine being authentic she has her own kaffir lime tree at home to harvest the leaves.
3	Dragon balls-deep fried shumai type appetizer. The solid pork shrimp filling reminded me of a super mashed meat formed into a ball. I didn't see what everyone thought was so special. Tilapia with green curry- 5 stars. Excellent pieces of tilapia, crisp not super greasy crust. Intricate curry ingredients but not sure if the green curry paste was home made, I think it's the canned variety.Dessert pancake/roti- 1 star, frozen Malaysian parathas which were undercooked and doughy. I was disappointed as this dessert is rare to come by at Thai restaurants in the US
4	The pad thai here is the best I've had from any thai place in AZ.  I also like the beef pangang.  Good service and excellent food.
5	Every time I've been to Wild Thaiger the food has been amazing, and last night was no different. My friend and I went to check out the "Wine Down Wednesday" special, which means you can get any international wines for only $5 per glass (this is a great deal as they have some pretty awesome wines). As for food last night, we shared an app and entree. We started with the Island Crab, which is a crispy shell with crab meat on top - like a deconstructed wonton type of thing, only better! I love the fact that you can see and taste huge delicious chunks of crab, instead of the typical 95% cream cheese filling in most crab wontons. Awesome. For our 'entree' we had a special for the evening that was Thai Sausage and vegetables. It was yummy, and I was even afraid to 'dive in' because the presentation was gorgeous! In previous experiences here I've had Pad Thai, Holy Basil Chicken, Peanut Passion and Beef Mangone. All of them were awesome, beautifully presented and my personal favorite... tasted FRESH! I love that every time I've been here the food has been consistently awesome. Fresh flavors, enough spice to taste (you can pick your level on most items), great flavor combos without going overboard - I like that you can taste all the different ingredients instead of having them masked by one or two overpowering flavors. Last night I had the privilege of meeting the owner, Olashawn. She's an awesome woman with a passion for what she does, and one of the most down-to-earth people I've ever met. If you go in, make sure to give her a wave, you'll see her behind the counter and behind the line, cooking and working just as hard if not harder then everyone else.
3	I had lunch here 3 days ago and ordered yellow curry. It was very good and pretty spicy which I really enjoyed. The curry was so good I went back tonight and ordered it again. What I got had to be the blandest yellow curry I have ever had. The curry really needed salt and it had no heat whatsoever. Very disappointing. I realize any resturant can have an off night so I will try them again in hopes of getting what I got days before.
2	Food was excellent, but we were a bit neglected on a slow Saturday night with the service. It might have been no dedicated hostess to greet and more of the attention was on waiting tables outside. There were only three couples inside including us. The food took awhile to come out and wife had sand in her broccoli for her entree. I would come back probably for a lunch instead of dinner to give it another chance.
1	This was my first and last experience at Wild Thaiger and I will not be going back. Ever. The service was unacceptable. From the moment my friend and I entered the restaurant the experience was bad. In hindsight, I should have walked out after our issues with the hostess. She repeatedly asked us where we would like to sit, or how many people were in our party, and then she would walk away while we answered or disregard that we had answered her at all. It was like she was incapable of absorbing information. We finally got seated. The table behind us very loudly cancelled their order paid for their drinks and left stating that the service taking too long. The writing was on the wall. At first, I felt like those people were incredibly rude, but now I wish that I had left too rather than enduring a total lack of service. It took a long time for us to get water or our drinks. We ordered an appetizer at the same time as our drinks, the appetizer took 45 minutes to arrive, the waiter forgot that we had ordered anything at all, came back to the table to confirm the appetizer TWICE and still brought us the wrong item and then had the nerve to charge us for it! I asked for menu suggestions, the waiter just stared at me blankly. I asked if I could have steamed rice rather than fried, he said that was impossible to change. Impossible. Eventually our entrees came, I ordered soup, it wasn't good. He brought out a teacup for me to use as my soup bowl. It was almost impossible to manage. Then our check came, he overcharged us. I didn't dispute anything because I just wanted to leave. I paid in cash, he shorted me five dollars. I called that his tip, and left. The restaurant was not busy, it was typical for a Wednesday night. There is no excuse for their wait times or rudeness. I found the menu to be limiting, and the items lacked enough description. I will never go back. I have no idea how it had such good reviews.
5	Wild Thaiger celebrated its 10th year anniversary this weekend!  This is a neighborhood restaurarnt with first class food.  The chef and owner consistently refreshes the menu to great delight!  You will not be disappointed.
3	Pad Thai & Springs rolls are pretty tasty! I can't say I was blown away, but it was definitely good. I order one single Spring Roll, and I guess they accidentally made it a full order (4 Spring Rolls)... Well they went ahead and just gave them to me for the price of one. Pretty sweet! It's the little things...
2	Really disappointed - place is not as good as it used to be.
4	I enjoyed my meal at this restaurant. If it were in Tucson I would get take out here regularly. I ordered the usual suspects panang curry and pad se-eiw. The flat noodles had a nice savory garlic sauce that had the right amount of sweetness. The panang curry had just the right amount of richness. The one thing I did not like was that they put the rice in the panang curry. I like my rice on the side, I don't like it drenched in the sauce before it even gets to the table.
5	This place was my very first Thai experience 5 years ago and it was delicious! We had one of the curries and it was the perfect balance of flavors. This place is what turned me on to Thai food being my favorite food. The restaurant itself is nice and their Thai iced tea was yummy. I wish the hours were better though.
3	Nice restaurant, good service but food was okay.I'm not a huge Thai fan and am not an expert by any stretch. I have a few favorites and prefer flavor over spice/heat. The two dishes I had at Wild Thaiger were lacking in flavor. They had awesome aromas, but fell flat on the palate. The chicken in both dishes was rubbery and overcooked.However, this was a cute restaurant and the service was good. The patio was nice.
5	Great place and loved their panang beef curry. I haven't had such a flavorful panang curry in a long time!  Might go back again this week while I am still in town!
5	I'm kind of biased as I love their peanut chicken and have for years. I haven't tried much else from their menu except the soup (which was also d'lish). My girlfriend tells me that their curry chicken is among the best she has ever had. I'll take her word for it as I hate curry.
1	There is nothing here, not the food, not the service, not the "ambiance", that's worth the inexplicable and inexcusable wait for food to be delivered when the place is half empty to begin with.  I'm done.
3	Ordered takeout from here last night and was disappointed.  The portion size for the chicken curry was very small and I asked to add extra vegetables to the curry (bc otherwise it only comes with potatoes and onions) and didn't see that they had added any.  The amount of rice they provided with the curry was also teeny tiny.  On top of that, a takeout order takes 35 minutes (I ordered at 5:20 pm, not a peak time).  Also they were out of mango for their sticky rice and didn't have any alternatives like custard or anything to serve with the sticky rice.  Meh, never ordering takeout from here again.
5	Seriously the BEST Pad Thai I have ever had!  It was so fresh and had awesome veggies in it! I even tried my sons Curry and the chicken fried rice! Impressive! I can not wait to to go back! I was bummed it took so long but then I realized it was worth the wait!
4	We definitely weren't the easiest group, and I really appreciated the great service that we had last night.  Our party arrived noisily- 3 adults and 4 rather rambunctious kids. We asked to sit on their lovely, heated patio, but quickly realized that the kids were not going to be agreeable for a nice meal... so we opted to place an order to go. My son and I shared the yellow chicken curry and pad Thai. Both were fresh and flavorful with just the right amount of heat. You know it is good when a seven-year old asks for a third helping! I only wish there had been more rice... I have leftover curry to eat and we finished the rice last night! I'll be back for sure!
4	"Totally a fan"We happened upon this place in search of a new place to have dinner as a team. Between the corn fritters, pad thai, spring rolls with chicken, and a few other tasty items, there is something for everyone! I love watching the chef(s) in this small open kitchen. He literally takes out every bad noodle to ensure perfection for each plate. What does this translate to -- really slow service on your entrees but goodness when received.We've been back at least 3 times in 3 weeks. That says a lot. Just be patient with your food and overall service (-1 star).
5	The Pad Thai Tofu with Vegetables was so delicious and generous in portion size. I am so glad my husband and I decided to eat here. After trying many other Thai restaurants in the area it's nice to find one that knows how to actually make the dish. Awesome food, terrific service and a overall wonderfully satisfying experience!
3	This place was a favorite spot of mine whenever me and my coworkers needed a good Thai meal.  Centrally located, parking always available, and the atmosphere is so relaxed.  I tend to go straight for the Pad Thai (which is a great choice here - you will not be able to eat the entire thing in one sitting, even the lunch portion), but everything else I get I enjoy as well.  The one thing that I would watch out for is time constraint.  My coworkers and I used to work right by the restaurant and were a little more flexible with our lunch hour.  However, sometimes I did have to wait a little longer than I felt I should for my food (although they may have just been very busy those few times).  All in all, a good grub spot!
5	BEST Thai food! They must teleport the food from Thailand because the meals here are amazing. The yellow curry chicken and pad Thai are full flavored meals needing no condiments added. The service is great but get there before the lunch rush as this place is full by noon.
3	I've gotta say, not super impressed. The spot is cute and the food is ok. I got the chicken pad Thai and spring rolls. Spring rolls were kind of soggy. The pad Thai was good though. Really flavorful. Could have done without all the cilantro and garnishment. I prefer Thai Basil.
4	Wow what a great flavor for the dishes we had it was nearly impossible to stop eating even after our belly was completely full. The waiter was really great as well knew the food and had been there since the place opened. He gave is great recommendations all super delish. It was a really positive experience we will go back!
5	Excellent Thai food! A must-visit place form those who love Asian food. Food is superb. Service is excellent, and the prices are VERY reasonable. Hope they open more locations in the valley!
5	Best food, best service, great prices!
1	We arrived at Wild Thaiger on a Friday night at 5:45. The restaurant was busy but there were 3 empty tables and one group of 3 before us that was waiting in the outside patio area. The hostess was nowhere to be seen. About 5 minutes later, she shows up and takes down our names and tells us it will be about 10 minutes for a table for two. We're fine with that so we agree to wait inside the restaurant as it was pretty cold outside. Ten minutes pass. The group of 3 before us is still waiting and the 3 empty tables are still empty. In the meantime, about 5 other groups of people have come in after us and put their names down for tables. The hostess disappears again at 6pm. I noticed this because I looked at my phone and the 10 minute wait was now 15 and the group before us still had not been seated. About 5 minutes later, the hostess comes back to seat the group of 3 and disappears again. Two couples come into the the restaurant and after waiting 5 minutes at the hostess station, one of the couples walks to the back, hoping to get someone's attention so they  can put their name down for a table. We watched them stand there for 5 minutes and then walk out of the restaurant. 6:15. No sign of the hostess. Other people have arrived and walked out as well. We see the hostess clear a table and then bring to go boxes to a table and walk right by us. She doesn't make eye contact, she doesn't apologize, she doesn't tell us it will be just a few minutes. In fact, she scurries away so quickly, she doesn't hear us when we say "Excuse me, miss?" to get her attention to find out how much longer it will be. Most of the people who were in the restaurant when we arrived are now finishing their meals. It's 6:25 and the hostess has been away from her station for 25 minutes. Our 10 minute wait was 40 standing up without so much as an apology or offer of water or a drink while we waited. We decided to leave and as we walked out, wished the 6 groups of people behind us "good luck". Maybe they'd get one of the still empty tables. The front of the house is EVERYTHING in the restaurant world. That girl probably just cost the restaurant thousands in future business. I've heard great things about the food but I'll never go back.
2	I was eager to come back for the pad thai. I review this place ten months ago and was impressed with their pad thai with chicken and shrimp. It seem the pricing has change this time, for shrimp, it is now $3 extra. alright, that's fine. when the dish came out, I was so disappointed. I didn't even see any shrimps and when I did find them, there was only 2!!! $3 extra for two shrimps! the presentation of the dish and taste was not the same and portion was smaller. did they have new chef or new owner? will not come back to this place
4	Read the reviews ... and agree with most of what I have seen - food is great - service is slow - but - not painfully slow for us.  We were seated right away and received our drinks.  Food was a little slow - but they had a LARGE table - I'm sure that stressed their resources a bit.  We used the time to catch up - so all is good.   I'd much rather receive fresh, hot, tasty food than something thrown together in a hurry just to meet a speed need.  You can tell by watching the kitchen that each dish is cooked to order.  Two of us ordered the Pad Thai, one a beef salad, and the other a peanut chicken dish.  EVERYONE was pleased with their selection.  I like mine a little spicier - and the condiment jars provided just what I wanted.  We also shared the Island Crab appetizer - and ordered a second!  Just like Arnold... I'll be back!
2	We spent 20 minutes here tonight waiting to be sat only to walk out...We were told it would be about 15 mins. We waited patiently at the hostess stand, while a seemingly harried and unorganized staff ran around between the indoor and outdoor spaces. Various tables were empty and not being bussed, and another table was actually cleaned and ready. No clue what was going on...there was no one at the hostess stand, no apparent 'leader' to be seen. Hoping it was just an off night...when I return to give them a second chance I still update my review
5	Mouthwatering food.I have been here a few times, as it is walking distance from my office. The first time I ordered the vegetarian panang curry. Delicious and spicy. My only issue is I was sweating profusely on the walk back to the office. The last couple times I ordered the veggie pad thai. So scrumptious! They plate it beautifully. They use a good variety of fresh veggies... not just the standard broccoli and carrots. Lots of zucchini and cauliflower. Yum. The sauce has a lot of fresh garlic. It is so delectable. May be the best pad thai I have had in Phoenix.Service is prompt and friendly. For lunch I am in and out under 40 minutes. They keep the fresh iced tea flowing...I can't help but growl when co-workers ask me where I ate for lunch. "Wild Thaiger... rowl!"
3	Got an order to go and it wasn't bad but it was just a basic meal.  Got the Freshie Roll and Green Curry with extra vegetables.  The green curry did have a good spice to it, but that was pretty much the only thing that stood out for the dish.  The Freshie Roll was very good and the peanut sauce was great!  I had seen all the reviews about service being slow, which is why I opted to order to go.  The order was placed and filled and I was back in the car within less than 15 minutes.
5	This is it! This still stands as my most favorite Thai Restaurant ever! I love the food here. Plus, the minute you walk in the wonderful smell of all the spices is so warm and inviting. It is cosey in here and romantic ,smells great, and has great service. So it is a win, win all the way around.Everything I have ever tried here has been delicious,but my favorite is still the Yellow Chicken Curry.Lots of parking in the back, right next door to Durant's on Central.
1	IF YOU CAN'T TAKE THE HEAT... Don't expect customer service! Don't expect them to answer the phone if they're busy during normal Business hours. They won't! And they won't apologize for it either! I, along with my co-workers wanted to place over 9 food orders for pick up. After several attempts to call and place our order, Wild Thaiger never picked up their phone. So I drove a few miles to place the order in person only to be told that there was a TWO-HOUR take out waiting time! I wish someone would have picked up the phone at Wild Thaiger instead of wasting my gas and time. JUST A LITTLE ADVICE Wild Thaiger, ALL your phone-in customer orders deserve the same respect and assistance as your dine-in customers! If you can't handle the heat, then get out of the kitchen! My office and I will be taking our business to Thai Hut and Thai Basil!! Maybe that'll help alleviate some of your stress, Wild Thaiger.
5	Amazing everything. The crab wontons were  delicious. Everything was homemade and tasted great.
2	Overrated. Service was slow, food was mediocre and a bit pricey for the service/food you get. I had satay chicken and the meat was dry and the sauce was crumbly. Then I ordered the pad-see-ew and it was super salty.
5	Quick service, great food at a very reasonable price. Great place for a lunch break from work. Also have a nice patio to eat on.
5	Still my favorite Pad Thai in Arizona.  I normally just get pad thai from any thai place I visit but my friends got me to try the beef panang and it is really excellent.  I love this place.  The wait for your food can be long at lunch but its worth it.
5	Good Thai food is hard to find.You've found it here!I went here for lunch today and was blown away. I feel like I've been to so many places around the valley and just haven't found one that I like. I found this place on a whim and decided to try it out. I'm vegan so it's hard for me to find places where I can eat anything. This place had multiple options and everything I tasted was good. I had the Tofu Veggie Pansang. It was delightfully spicy and the tofu was cooked perfectly. My friend had the pad thai and was equally as impressed.They had good lunch specials and delicious Iced Tea.I will be going back here again.
3	Food was good but soup wasn't hot.  Service was incredibly slow even though no one was in the restaurant but a couple other two tops.  I'd come back but try a different server next time.
5	Probably the best yellow curry and pad Thai anywhere in the Phoenix area. The coconut ice cream was a nice, lite treat, too. Very friendly staff. When I went in, they seemed to know the regulars - which were quite a few.One downside, seemed a little pricier than most other Thai restaurants, but worth it.Definitely going back.
4	Good but not as amazing as good Thai cuisine can be - Felt it was a little heavy
1	Eeeeee. Long yet important message to follow!!If I was blind and If this place gave me the ability to see again.... Eeeeeehhhh I still wouldn't go back.The first time I went, a few years back it was good. Good food! Then got take out and yeah, just well cooked good food. Nothing to write home about but still good. This time... Wild tiger turned into wild sloth. Arguably just as cool in animal comparison but the tiger could, if he so chose to, rip apart the sloth with vigor. The hostess was hard to find and inattentive. Se really wasn't present or rememberable. We sat down and ordered. Waters came out. Then our app. It was some roll thingy. It tasted like frozen shrimp wrapped in rice paper for 9 bux. Oh oh oh it tasted like the rolls you get at the sushi place in Safeway. Yea no thanks. Plus the waiter seemed to disappear. A while later the food was delivered. Hhmm. Pad Thai you say? Uh nope! Well if you call over cooked noodles shoved under a huge pile of cabbage pad Thai the yeaaa.. I guess. Curry you say.... Hmmm nope just over spiced over cooked and tasteless except for the over spice thing.., which is just down right confusing. The waiter never came back to check on us. My lady dropped her eating utensil on the ground and I went inside to get another. Standing at the empty hostess station looking around....looking....still looking....oh oh hey  hostess can I have a.. She cuts me off. "I'll be back" denied!!!! By the drive by host from a terminator movie. Well waiting still. Find someone. Utensils. Cool. Thanks. Sorry to be a bother as a paying customer.   Then I sit back down. Take a few bites and realize everything tastes the same. Cold, over cooked and over spiced. So in effort to try to salvage this meal I try to ask for some limes. Guess what... Shocker..... It took me getting up to find someone. Cool got em. Cool, great, not real limes. Just little ones, like the ones you use for Mexican food!! Wtf!!! Anyways. Forcing it down cuz I'm sick of the search party of two game that they have thrust upon us, the waiter still never came back. The lady bussing the tables cleared our stuff except for the untouched pad Thai. We actually tipped the bus lady she was nice and a very hard worker.StillWaitIngOh wait I forgot the rules of the game.... I got up to search for the check. Yeaaaa! At what point do I win? And really what could the prize be?   Oh nothing. I guess you could say I win by not ever having to go back there. Sad really. Was a good place. I understand running a place like this has challenges but no care was shown from beginning to end about the customer experience. Oh well except for the bus lady she was cool.... Maybe she should own the place? Winning! And I'm out!
5	So good! Definitely going back.
4	Probably the best Thai food I have had in a while. The ambience was excellent for being in downtown Phoenix and the assortment of foods yummy!Tried the corn fritters -- interesting dish with a sweet hint to it.  The spicy fried egg from the secret menu was capturing to admire -- but tasted okay -- too sweet for me.As per recommendations from others I ordered the veg pad Thai and veg temple of fire fried rice.  Rice was delicious and pad Thai held up to its rating. All pad Thai lovers will appreciate its taste. I'm not a pad Thai person.All in all good food and good experience!
5	Probably the best chicken pad thai I've ever had. I love thai food! But this is the first place I've experienced the pad thai spicy...and might I say, it is amazing! The house salad was pretty good for a salad. The mango with sticky rice hit the spot...and fulfilled my dessert craving. If I'm ever in town again, I'm definitely coming back here!!
5	This is absolutely The best Thai restaurant anywhere!  I have had  these culinary  masterpieces since they first opened and can never get tired of all the  delicious  flavors  each dish has. From the  appetizers  ( Dragon Eggs) to the specialty dishes ( Pineapple Prawns) to the unbelievable desserts ( Lemon Ginger Cheasecake)  You  could NOT be disappointed ! Ola takes great pride in all her creations and  is usually always there  right along side  her gifted  team.  I could not end this review  without  giving  kudos to the talented wait staff  who are all  great but  I gotta give a special shout out to M & A  !
4	Great food.  Slow service.  It would be 5 stars if the server was more attentive.  I arrived and waited at the hostess stand, beside the sign that read, wait to be seated!  Maybe waited 5 minutes or more.  The restaurant was mostly empty.  Only two other tables.  One server sitting at the bar eating.  One server working the two tables.  No hostess.  Sat down outside.  Nice patio.  But patio is an excuse I guess for server to disappear for 10 or more minutes at a time.  Whoosh...gone...not to be seen a gain for a long while.  Hmmm.  Drink order?  Appetizer? More water?  Improve this service and it could be 5 stars.
3	Went on a Friday night. The wait was reasonable, at least from an east coast point of view, 18 min, but I heard a few impatient comments from those around me. regional standards must apply. Table service was a bit slow, and she forgot to bring the appetizers that she had herself recommended. I reminded her after our entrees appeared, so they comp'd them reasonable. The Salmon was overcooked and dry, but the chicken dish was good. Seasoning seemed a bit light, the other flavors need to come through the heat. Drink refills were greatly delayed and resulted in lost sales for them and frustration for us.Over all, good food at an elevated price with moderate service. I would go back, but at off peak times to see if it is just volume which stresses the team there.
3	Really a 3.5 was the consensus between my husband and I...not really a 4 or a 3.  The cons- ambiance and size of curry entrees. The pro- flavor, I had the 24k and he had the beef.  Neither were very spicy (we love Thai hot) but the flavor very nice.We agreed that in central phoenix we would suggest SaBai Modern in comparison.
3	First time at Wild Thaiger. Had lunch on a Saturday early afternoon with my wife and daughter. It was 95 degrees but the patio was pleasant. We ordered Thai iced teas, which took a while to arrive. I don't think our waiter thought the patio was pleasant. My wife ordered the GF Pad Thai, our daughter ordered the Tofu Curry and I got Dragon Eggs and Phuket Fantasea. Lunch arrived after 25 minutes, a bit long for lunch. The Pad Thai was good. All the elements were served apart from each other, so you could mix ingredients as you wish - nice touch. The Curry and Fantasea were both good as well. The prices were fairly steep though. My Dragon Eggs (dumplings) were $9 and the Phuket Fantasea was $18. All-in-all, the bill was $60+ plus tip. That's a pricey lunch, even for Thai food. I may try it again, going with less expensive dishes and hope for better service.
3	My husband and I have been frequenting Wild Thaiger for a few years. We have done both dine in and take out. Usually with a great experience. However in the last few months the service has deteriorated. Long wait times for a server to pay any attention to you making every meal feel long and drawn out. On our most recent visit this evening it took forever to be acknowledged when we walked in. After we were sat it took another 10 minutes before our server came over. Other than the slow service the food runner/ bus girl with a bad attitude had her pants riding so low that at first we could see her butt crack, later she was flaunting her thong. I'm pretty sure if I wanted a strip tease I would have gone to bandaids down the street, not wild Thaiger.
1	I actually want to get this place zero stars but that is not an option. I went here with my family my aunt and uncle words are from out-of-town and I had suggested this place because I have had the food there before and it was very good. We got to the restaurant at a decent time on a Monday night there was three other tables, we asked to down in one of the empty booths but she told us that we could not. That we had to wait. . We looked around and couldn't figure out why it was a 25 minute wait. We said okay we would like to sit down the bar and have a drink my uncle and aunt enjoy a nice glass of wine. The waitress who was very rude, told us that if we sat down at the bar to have a glass of wine that we cannot sit at a table. We looked to her completely confused she said that we could not dirty two areas of the restaurant. I couldn't believe what I was hearing! We said okay and could we sit at a table, that we will stay at for dinner,  we will understand if they couldn't get to us for the 25 minutes we can still sit and have a drink, she said no we have to stand there or sit on the bench waiting for a table for the 25 minutes or we cannot eat there!!!!  We left the restaurant and I will never return. I have now read the reviews how the service has sank. It's sad because it was a very enjoyable place at one time. Big fat F for this place.
5	I've been here a few times and each time was amazing! The pad Thai is worth writing home about and the temple of fire has just the right amount if spice.Not only is the food, good it is also consistent. The service is friendly and never keeps you waiting too long!
3	Not the best Thai food I have had, but not the worst.
5	This place is elite as hell. This is prime rib in the form of rice noodles. Do you hear me? This is the place that is everything you could desire and more in the form of a restaurant. This is what McDonald's would be if it sold McGriddles all day long. The service is small, yet attentive. The minimalism involved at The Wild Thaiger is one that is subtle, yet can move mountains. Words cannot express any further at the moment. I give all praises and blessing to the cooks and staff. I'm pretty sure it's just one dude cooking all this shit but kudos to him. Try the Pad Thai or anything along the lines of Decha.
3	I came in right when they opened. There was quite a line before they opened, and even once we got in it took a bit for us to get any sort of service. I ordered the Gaprao Gai. They really don't mess around with their heat level. Be careful! The dish itself was very tasty, and once the lunch rush calmed down service was wonderful (and constant enough to get my water filled up often).All in all, tasty food, good service. If you are in the area it is worth a shot. Otherwise there are better Thai places around the valley (Chanpen comes to mind...).
4	I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this place! I have been here a handful of times and each time it has been consistently good. My favorite item is the 24 K curry, which is a spicy green curry that features some delicious veggies (japanese eggplant that is melt in your mouth (probably the best eggplant I've ever had... I don't typically like eggplant), squash, and green beans). I usually add chicken and have more than enough food for two meals. Wild Thaiger has decent specials on some nights of the week for drinks (Mondays feature 5$ martinis). My only complaint about the Thaiger is that, unlike other Thai restaurants, they do not allow you to choose your spiciness level. I understand that some dishes may be better spicy or mild, but I would like to have the option available. I would say that Wild Thaiger is the best Thai food I have had in the downtown area and would recommend it.
5	perfect each time i go and going for mt bday over many others
3	Food wasn't bad, just wish their thai hot was actually hot. Excuse the criticism but this thai restaurant is definitely watered down in terms of authenticity.
4	While Thaiger is my favorite lunch time Thai place. It's super close to my work. The lunch specials are well priced. I can call it in and take out. For the most part they are pretty consistent. From the outside you'd never guess that the inside was actually classy looking. Dimly lit with very dark furniture. Inside has an upscale feel though the outside looks pretty busted.My two favorite lunch time orders are yellow chicken curry and pad Thai. Followed closely by the beef panang. And while I've had better, the convenience of this place can't be beat. The staff is always friendly on the phone and in person.Cheers for Thai Fridays!
2	I went to wild Thaiger for dinner with three friends and although the service was good in a clean environment, the food was disappointing. The flavors and preparation is just not authentic. I am reviewing the food with the background of having traveled to Thailand and having lived most of my life in larger culturally diverse cities (NY, Chicago, DC) with close authentic thai food. Here are some critiques:Pad Kee Mao - My favorite noodle dish of all time is supposed to be prepared with thick rice noodles sauteed to a variety of textures, and infused with a dizzying array of spice. Instead, the dish here is made with thin vermacilli noodles and tasted like a lump of wet ricey dough. I even explicitly asked for it to be extra spicy, but there was barely any.Pad thai - This basic Thai staple was presented as a soggy clump of noodles with a watery sauce pooling at the bottom of the plate. The worse part was that despite all of that sauce, it was tasteless except for the peanuts sprinkled on top. There was no hint of tamarind or fish sauce or chili. Disgrace.Tom Yum (chicken) - Again, what we received was a flavorless broth. There was no taste of lemongrass, no curry, and the chicken was dry.Needless to say, this was very disappointing. For a large restaurant in a prominent location, the food served up here was worse than some of the shacks I've eaten out of in other cities.Two stars for service and cleanliness alone, none for food.
2	The food was fine but the service was atrocious.  We went for an early dinner before a game and only a few tables were occupied.  Nonetheless, after asking for a few minutes to look over the menu, our waiter disappeared and never came back.  We flagged down another employee who got the waiter.  After we got the food, he checked on us once and disappeared.  We never saw him again.  A young woman brought the check after we flagged down yet another employee and asked.  Really, where were all the servers?  It was also disappointing to me that the bill was not clear.  On one side was 4 * $6.50 for drinks but no drink total anywhere.  On the other side was our two entrees, each with a price, and then a grand total.  I like to check the bill so I calculated it and it was right, but why not list all the items ordered, then tax, then a total?  We were late for our game.
4	It was my first time experience here. I ordered chai tea and it was great. Then I ordered tom yam goong. The flavor of fish sauce was quite strong. I tasted salty overcome the tamarind. I ordered curry and that one the decent one for my taste. Little bit spicy which is I like. The decor was nice, I felt comfortable. The service was fast and great waiter. There is a board sign for cellphone user ..lol...They have Indonesian coffee which I should try next time. The private parking lot was in the back of the building.I might go back to try something else next time.
2	Its a pain to place order in this restaurant. First of all, their service is very slow, it takes forever for the server to notice u and take your order. When the server finally comes to your table, its a struggle to make them understand what you want to eat, the restaurant would benefit from hiring servers who can communicate in English. After a long day at work, you dont want to spend 20 mins to help the serer understand your order. Also, they offer little room to customize your order as compared to other Thai restaurants. You can't customize how spicy u want your curry or if you want less veggies and more sauce in your curry or of you dont want chicken on your noodle, no other Thai restaurant has this problem to my knowledge.... I have been sitting here for for 20 mins now and the server hasn't served us water yet. They would do well to make the customer feel a little more welcoming.
3	The tom kra gai was delicious but I really wasn't very impressed with the basil chicken dish mainly because the chicken was so dry. I ordered thai hot for both and they just put the chilis on top of the chicken so it wasn't spicy.. Like at all. The service was really fast even though we sat outside during lunch rush and she was so friendly!!!
4	Hit and miss, these days. 3 stars on the food these days, every other category they do great.They used to be a solid 5 star Thai source back when they opened, but now about half the food is really really good and the other half is not really good. Their Pad Thai used to be the best ever by a fair bit, now it is just sweet and doesn't even have peanuts on it (last couple of trips at least). The barbecue was OK, but the green chile dipping sauce it came with was exceptional.Still AWESOME - - Beef Panang, Pad Kee Mau (spicy coconut milk chicken soup). All their curries have been awesome to my memory. I used to take joy in trying new things here, now I am more cautious.I hear there is a Scottsdale location now, but I think I will stick with the original.
5	Thai food is one of my favorite Asian cuisines.  The only flaw of this place was the wait time.  Food was delicious and service was friendly.We came on a Monday so it wasn't too busy.  I had the vegetarian soup and the chicken Pad Thai made Thai HOT.  I really like the flavor of Thai hot dishes.  I'm really a fan of this place so I would really recommend it.  Vegetarian friendly so it's great for everyone.  The bathroom was clean so that's Always good in my book.  Enjoy!!!
5	Not very spicy, which is a negative for a thai place, but excellent in every other way. Great flavors, well-prepared, great service, good outdoor seating with misters.
5	For serious my absolute favorite place for Pad Thai.. just when I thought it couldn't get any better.. holy hell. I had to ask the name of the cook.. I believe she said Minor. Holy.. the peanut sauce was beyond amazing. The peanut is distinct and vibrant, with just the right hint of chili powder to enhance the already harmonious flavours.. out of this world.
5	This is tasty Thai in the heart of downtown Pheonix. However, it's not very spicy!! And they were reluctant to give us the good stuff ie. chopped Thai chilis in fish sauce. But when we turned up the heat it was much better. You must try the 24K pumpkin curry which has a very rich and flavorful sauce. Drink the coconut cove cocktail if you love coconut water - it's SO refreshing if your sitting on the hot patio. Also, the pad Thai is a bit sweet so ask for limes to squeeze into it. Enjoy!
4	Fritter me timbers.... I mean, corn fritters. Not that this one little review makes any difference, but if you go, get the corn fritters. This was my second time at Wild Thaiger and how that delicious app eluded me the first time, I will never know. Not the biggest fan of their Pad Thai, but that's okay. There are many other very delicious options... And corn fritters.
4	The Tom Ka Gai is amazing!.
5	New Thai favorite in Phoenix. Every dish I've tried is vibrant, fresh and delicious. I have not yet had any sort of unpleasant experience at Wild Thaiger. Stop by for lunch for a cheaper version of their entrees! It will become your newest restaurant addiction..
4	Food is very tasty but the main drawback is, they take so much time to get our order ready. We almost waited like 30 mins to get our food served but apart from that, worth the money you pay. Its a bit expensive but its fine. Will definitely go back.
5	Food:  the Tom Yum Goog soup (with shrimp and chicken) is a food score 10 - a Phoenix, AZ best dish.
4	Fresh food, reasonable prices.Attractive and attentive staff.Broad range on the menu.No complete sentences.You won't be disappointed.
5	I LalaLOVE this place!! I've been on this crazy Thai kick for a long while now and after trying so many places that were decent but not too amazing, I found this place! THIS IS MY THAI SPOT now! My friend and I decided to go here for lunch and it was pretty busy. But we were seated quickly and ready to order. We got the spring rolls (1 came with the lunch menu item) which were so delicious and crispy. For our entrees, we got the pad thai and the red curry. Both dishes were amazing. But the pad thai was our favorite, which is a big deal to us since I don't really like pad thai that much. The curry was a little spicy but it was so creamy and flavorful. The veggies were perfectly cooked and the tofu wasn't soggy. The pad thai was loaded with veggies and again the tofu was not soggy. It was such a great dish. Service was good. Our waitress was sweet and prompt. The food is inexpensive for the quality.We can't wait to come back. Oh and I love the name of this place. "The wild THAIger." Rawr! So clever.
5	I don't have anything bad to say.  Everything was great from the amazing food to the fantastic service.
4	Came here for  lunch today with the family after a morning hike,  good food, hit the spot! I had the chicken pad thai with a spring roll and a nice cold Kirin Light beer. Took about 30 mins or so for our food to come out, so don't come here if your looking to have a quick lunch. Sit outside on the patio, relax and enjoy!
5	Best Thai Restaurant in AZ.  And I include in that statement the entire experience.  Great food, nice unique wine list, interesting cocktails.  Panang and Urban Riesling done and done.
3	Atmosphere is good. Food is alright. Staff could be more attentive. Prices are a bit high.
2	I honestly don't understand all the raves about this place.  I saw it reviewed on PBS last Sunday and thought I'd give it a try.  It was pretty Meh for me.  Certainly not worth the drive across town.  I ordered the Tom Ka Gai and their basil chicken.  The chicken in both were like shoe leather--so tough I had to pull out the chunks of chicken and cut saw them with my knife.  While the seasoning was pretty good in the soup it was very very thin and watery and there was a TON of strips of lemon grass in it that I had to try and pull out---like I had a total pile of lemon grass on a napkin when I was finished.  The  basil chicken was not much better.  Watery sauce and minimal flavoring.  I lived in Bangkok for two years.  Honestly, the best food there is from street vendors.  This place was far from good Thai food.
1	So, this place was my absolute favorite Thai restaurant in Phoenix until today. The service was pretty slow for only having me, my friend, and another costumer in the restaurant. The food was cold when is was brought out to us -with no radishes like they usually put on them, and those make the dish!- My friend ordered medium hot, and she got no spice. She didn't even eat it! Plus the spring roll I ordered wasn't the usual one they serve, it was small and gross AND my friend didn't even get the sticky rice she ordered, the waitress still tried to charge us for it. Needless to say, they have let me down :(
4	Our first time here tonight and we were impressed! Good food, good service. The heat level was spot on: the hot made my nose run just slightly (that's how you know it's good). It was a bit loud in there, but that's worth putting up with for the delicious food.
5	This truly is a jewel from the east. The food is exceptional and fair priced. The Thai tea is to die for and the chicken do good. Parking is a bit tricky but the place is good. If you're looking for authentic Thai food then this is the place to go. Highly recommended.
5	I have loved this place since I first started coming here in 2008. Definitely the best Thai I have had in town and I will travel from the north valley for this  restaurant. Everyone I have taken here loves it. Pad Thai is delicious with chicken and shrimp. Curries are divine. Hubby loves their beef dishes. Soups are amazing. Love the corn fritters appetizer. Definitely a treat and different. Have not had a dish here that I did not like. Mango cheesecake is a must. Love this place. The outdoor seating is precious even though smack dab in central phx
4	This is a nice little place with a great atmosphere and a really welcoming interior.  Decorations are great.  As you're traveling North on Central, you have to pass the restaurant and then take a quick right-hand turn into their parking area.  If you park in the lot South of the location you'll get towed.Food was fantastic.  It was really, really fantastic.  Everything was fresh and natural.  they have quite a few gluten-free items as well, which was great to see.  Spring rolls were delicious.  Gluten-free Chicken Pad Thai was top-notch.  Chicken curry was downright delicious.  Price was right, and we did not leave hungry!Their service was what knocked them down to 4 stars.  Reading the other reviews, I have to agree with what has been said before.  Place was empty at 11:30 AM on a Saturday and the service was SLOW and kind of "space case."  The young lady who served us looked like a manga cartoon, to include hair and makeup, and if that is fashionable, that is great (I guess) but she sort of pulled an attitude with the gent who was also working that day.  Not sure if he was a server, but he was certainly stepping in because she wasn't up to par.  When he mentioned a concern from another table, she got a little snotty with him in front of us and several other customers.If we're in the area we'll certainly stop by again.  Food was delicious, and NOT HOT AT ALL, which was great for us.  I understand that if you really want them to "bring the heat" all you have to do is ask, but our super-sensitive stomachs were MORE than pleased with the "base-level" spice.  We'll make sure to attend during a slow time, however, because if the service was that slow with only a few people in attendance I can't imagine how it is when the place is packed.
1	We waited 45 minutes for our food. I asked how much longer it would take and was told up to 10 more minutes. I asked if the management would give us a discount for the wait. I saw our very friendly waitress approach her manager who was clearly annoyed by the question  (we made eye contact more than once). The waitress came back and said she was really sorry but they can't do anything about the wait because everyone else is waiting too. So we canceled our order, and they made us pay for the tea we drank!Now I know it wasn't much but when I've had a problem like this at other restaurants, the manager always comes over to the table and hears the grievance personally. The wait staff was great but the management was sloppy and hands off.So we drove all the way to Siam Thai (which was pretty busy) and had an excellent meal which was served promptly.
5	Food has gotten so much better. the vegetarian 24K rocks my world with Thai pumpkin, eggplant, veggies in spicy green curry. get it hot!!! delicious. service is fast and friendly too.
5	YUM! YUM! YUM!We visited Wild Thaiger for my wife's birthday after she saw it featured on a TV program. Really yummy food that was presented well too. The wine list was a little obscure (we're sort of wine snobs!!) with no recognizable brands. However, my wife chose a Chilean Chardonnay and it was great.Parking was a breeze with plenty of space behind the restaurant (that was free).We'll be back!
1	Omg... the waitress was so rude and illmannered. Food no complaints. We signed the check and expected to put cash in for the tip. The waitress expected us to add the tip into the bill and expected more tip from us. It was an upfront shameless demand that we should pay more or should not be coming to the restaurant to be seated. Never ever visiting this restaurant where the service are so shameless in asking a customer for more tip. When we told her that we wont be returning back to the restaurant '' the waitress told us ''thank you please dont''. Came in on 12/12 for lunch.
4	Great place for lunch. The berry green tea is excellent and their lunch specials are very reasonable. I had something with eggplant and beef in it and my wife had the ginger chicken. Fast service and great prices for the quality of food you get!
3	This is a tough review to make.  I've heard nothing but great things about this place,  and the moment we walked in we were instantly turned off by the hostess.  We were asked if we would like to sit outside (mind you its 50 outside) and when we said no she said that they do not have anything else available.  I looked around and saw 4 tables open a couple with a "section closed" sign on them.  She then asked if you want to sit inside there is a wait.  I asked how long she said 15 min,  I said no problem.  She said if we want we can wait at the bar.  We went to the bar to find 2 half full drinks and employee clothing and rubber gloves laying on the seats so we sat at a high top.   Literally 3 min later the hostess comes up and says do you guys just want to sit here and eat?  Again I said no we would like a table,  so she went and got menus right away took off one of the "section closed"signs in a booth and sat us.   I could keep writing about the extremely poor service that nearly made us walk out but I will save you all time.   At the end of it all the food was amazing and is the only thing that kept us there.  The corn fritters were great, tofu with peanut sauce was amazing,  the satay sampler was my favorite,  and the pad Thai was ok.  I would definitely eat the food again,  but maybe next time I'll do take out.  I do not think I will ever attend the restaurant again
4	Great, authentic Thai food in the heart of Phoenix. They are always packed which is a true testament to their food! The service is always exceptional as well. The only downside is DDD was just there last week so expect a much longer wait once the episode airs!
2	The food looked great, but unfortunately we didn't get to try it because of the wait.  The wait, of course, doesn't deserve the two-star rating - but the service does.  We waited for almost 20 minutes to even be acknowledged by the angsty teen hostess with glazed over eyes, only to be told the wait would be 45 minutes.  Lazy Thaiger.
5	Updating to give five stars. We've eaten here twice more since and the food is consistently amazing. My boyfriend got the Temple of Fire today and holy cow, it was so good. Very spicy, but that was to be expected. We've tried about six dishes so far and each has been something I'd recommend.
5	Really like their food!  Service is great.  really recommend it.
