4	You can never have enough fresh tasty Mexican places around.. even in north Scottsdale. Let me tell you, this place is very tasty! Everything is made right there in the open kitchen and if you sit at the bar you can see how fresh it all is. The Mr and I were hungry so we ordered way to much food. We had no idea that the portions were so large. Started with the Parrillada Tampiquena for 2.. a huge sizzling platter of meaty goodness! Steak, chicken, carnitas and chorizo.. served with tortillas, rice, beans.. well you get the picture.. a mother load of food for 12.99.. this is enough for 2 healthy eaters. Me and the Mr being healthy eaters we continued to over gorge ourselves.. steak quesadilla and a carnitas burrito.. both were large and stuffed with tasty meat! If you love some thick juicy meat like I do, this place is a perfect fit!!
4	Tasty, better than average Mexican food.I hit this place up on lunch with a coworker and we were both pleasantly surprised.  Their food is all made from scratch (except tortillas), tasty, and seemed fresh.  Prices were reasonable and definitely worth it.  You walk up to the counter and order, then they bring it out to you.  I had their Carnitas "Guadalajara" Style... when I asked the owner "What is Guadalajara style?" he replied "Guadalajara style means they're the best carnitas you will ever have".  Well, how could I say no to that?  Turns out they are slow cooked carnitas, done proper, then deep fried before serving... haha, so good.  I won't say they were the BEST carnitas I've ever had, but they were probably tied for best..... although a bit greasy, obviously.  The beans and rice are nothing special, however the hot sauce and corn tortillas were spot on.This place is definitely an addition to my lunch rotation.
5	This place is great!  Guacamole is fresh and tasty, tortillas are warm and soft - they even have horchatas - and its totally affordable.  WAY better (and more authentic) than Baja Fresh and other such chains.  Very friendly service.  Next time I want to try the chiles rellenos.
1	Food was ok.  Cook was rushed, threw food down on the counter, most of which spilled out.  Cheese crisp as underdone (meaning cheese wasn't even melted).  Cook put a bus tub on the hot grill, melted the bottom a little, then pulled it off and set it on the food prep counter.  Then he threw raw chicken on the grill, 2 pieces, then pulled one piece off and put it back into the raw chicken after it sizzled on the grill a little.Place needs a cook that actually knows what he is doing in the kitchen.  If you ask me, I'm not going there again.
4	We decided that it was time to try Habanero's Mexican Grill for the first time tonight.  This "locals" establishment is occupying an old Taco Del Mar location (that closed in early 2008) in a strip center behind the Salty Senorita; just north of the Scottsdale Gun Club.  The decor has been upgraded, slightly, from the previous quick-service business.  There is no table service, though there is real-metal silverware and the tables are bused.I ordered the fried fish tacos and my wife had a carne asada taco.  The kids ordered cheese quesadilla kids-meals with fries.  We split two Mexican Cokes, a Jarriots and a horchata. The total was $20ish and the food was prepared fresh, as we sat at the bar-stools overlooking the grill.After the meal, we agreed that the quality far-exceeded the price.  The fish tacos were crisp and balanced; the steak-taco was plain and simple with good flavor; and the quesadillas were too-big, and the kids loved them.Overall we'd give the place a solid 4 out of 5.  The staff was friendly and helpful...even providing me a sample of the carnitas that was freshly prepared; very nice.This location is situated in a neighborhood that gets blitzed during weekday lunches.  We recommend coming here on the weekend and/or in the evening.
3	Came here for lunch yesterday and the food was pretty good. You walk up to the front and put in your order and then go find a table. We came here before noon and it was pretty busy. It actually died down after noon. It takes about 10 minutes or so (maybe more) for your food to come to your table so don't come here if you're in a rush. Some of the orders come with beans and rice and others with just chips. And they bring a green and red salsa to your table. I had a carne asada burrito with chips and it was just enough to fill me up. My boyfriend's enchilada meal came with rice and beans. The horchata was pretty good (I've had the homemade stuff and nothing compares), but not as good as the ones you can get from a Betos place. The guy taking orders said their carnitas and blackened chicken were their specialties so I'll have to try one of those next time I stop by.
5	Habaneros is an awesome little gem stuck in the strip mall hell known as Scottsdale.  If you are one looking for an original meal at a decent price, try out Habaneros.  I am addicted to their chipotle sauce.  You can find it in almost every item there.  Try out the Shrimp or Fish tacos, they are delicious.  Sometimes the food takes a little while to cook (and there could be a line).  So be prepared if you are going there on your lunch break.  The salsa is not as spicy as I would like, but I am splitting hairs at this point.Go try Habaneros, you wont be disappointed.  Its a nice change from every unoriginal, corporate restaurant you find in Scottsdale.
4	Great fast food mexican restaurant. Since there aren't any Filiberto's out this way, this is definitely the next best choice if you live nearby.
4	Love Habanero's and I don't typically like Mexican food.  They are a seriously great deal for pretty darn delicious food!  I thoroughly enjoy their steak tacos and their carnitas dishes, that's the pork one right?
5	I am a little hesitant to Yelp about Habanero's because I don't want this place to get too crowded. I usually order three carnitas tacos topped with a gucamole spread and a drink for $10. Carnitas is pork and it is so yummy. The owner jokes that I don't order anything else.  But today I ordered the Blackened Mahi Mahi plate and was blown away with how delicious it was. Any other Scottsdale Restaurant would charge $20 plus bucks plus tip for this meal whereas I paid about $11. The fish was fresh and laid on a bed of mexican rice with chopped tomotoes and garnished wth pico de gallo and a dressing drizzle.As previous Yelpers have mentioned, this place is an awesome little gem and should be in everyone's restaurant rotation.
4	Wow what a delicious burrito for the price. Im a Titanium Member at the Scottsdale Gun Club so I wondered by this place after shooting one day and ordered the Shredded Pork Burrito which I found to be loaded with flavor. The food is fresh and while the location is a little hard to find its worth it if you are looking for a good value and you love Carnitas or Fish Tacos.  The restaurant is small however the outdoor seating helps to accomadate the many folks who have heard about this little gem and keep returning much like myself.  I've been back a few times to try some of the other items and they are really good and most importantly fresh as well.  Recently, I visited for another round and the owner even remembered my name which was very impressive but most notable is that he really cares about the quality of food they put out here.  No hype just great food at fair prices.
4	This place is great.  I love the blackened shrimp tacos and fish tacos and they have some really tasty carnitas too.  I haven't had any of their burritos since I crave the tacos so frequently, it pains me to order something else when we do go!  My husband loves that they have Horchata in their self serve drink area.  We try to make it there at least once per month!
5	We were on a mission to find a good Mexican eatery in Scottsdale and we happened upon Havanero's Mexican Grill.  The guacamole is to die for.  I designed my own burrito stuffed with guac, cheese, black beans, cheese topped off with hot sauce.  My husband had soft tacos stuffed with pork and steak with rice and beans.  YUM!  Everything is FRESH and authentic.  The owner waited on us and was nothing but totally gracious and humorous, as well.  We came in at 8:55, not knowing they closed at 9:00.  We offered to leave and he would not hear of it!  He just got his liquor license and is very excited about that!  He made my husband two drinks, one was on the house!  This little delight is hidden amongst other businesses, so you have to search.  It is well worth the extra effort!
4	Arturo is the owner of of this quiet little restaurant in the middle of a shopping mall right down the street from Costco on Hayden (1 block west of Northsight off Raintree). All his staff/cooks are family. We met Arturo when he was the caterer at a Super Bowl party, and he gave us his card announcing he would be opening up his new restaurant. Others may know him when he was the bartender at Maestro's on Pima.  He is getting a liquor license for the place. Many locals have discovered his gem. This is the way Mexican food should taste. It is authentic, good, and not pricey. Place is not fancy but perfect for this food. We've had them cater one of our parties too. Everyone raved about the food. He knows his stuff. Buenos Nachos with diced bits of carne asada and chunky chorizo is the only thing I order now. Try it and whatever specials they have going on and you'll be hooked too.
5	OMG try their breakfast burritos!!!!  Habanero's has good, cheap, fast Mexican food.
5	I just have to say that the carnitas was fantastic!! Everything else was good too along with a cold Mexican beer there is No complaints. The owner was very friendly and a little known fact is that some of the bad reviews about this place are rival mexican restaurants nearby so don't trust them..
5	Here is the story of how we fell in love with a little Mexican restaurant called Habanero's: Friday: Did a random yelp search for Mexican food in the Scottsdale area and stumbled upon some decent reviews for this place. Decided to try it out since it's not too far. After a slight detour we finally found a little unassuming store front in a generic looking shopping plaza with a red, white and green banner in front and knew that we must have finally found it. Ordered some flour tacos (fish, carne asada, shrimp, and carnitas) and a steak quesadilla along with a side of chips and salsa and our beloved Orange Bang drink that we were pleasantly surprised to find here. Within a few minutes of taking our first bites we turned to each other and proclaimed, "This shit is good!!" Fresh Mexican food that was reasonably priced and not overloaded with grease!! We were officially in lust. Saturday: Couldn't stop thinking about how good Habanero's was from the night before and made plans to stop by for breakfast the next morning and try some of their breakfast burritos. Sunday: Stopped by to grab a few breakfast burritos before our road tip to eat in the car. Bacon and steak burritos were delicious and not greasy at all, just like the rest of the menu. Egg, potatoes, meat and cheese in a fresh tortilla make these burritos worth coming back for again! And, breakfast served all day during the weekdays! Sweet! Monday: Craving Habanero's again and we even made plans to stop by on our way back into town. Unfortunately for us, they closed early for the holiday, but we were more determined than ever to get our fix in the next day! Nothing could keep these star crossed lovers apart! Tuesday: The craving was almost unbearable at this point. As soon as we got off of work we headed over to our new favorite place to pick up some tacos and another breakfast burrito. We were not disappointed, everything was just as amazing as the last few times we had visited. Habaneros can do no wrong! So there you have it...if you're in the north Scottsdale area and craving some fresh authentic Mexican food that won't break the bank then head over to Habanero's and you'll be falling in love in no time at all!
5	Awesome breakfast place as well. Yesterday I had the Western Omlette which comes with country potatoes and an English Muffin for $6.50. There was so much delicious filling food that I skipped lunch yesterday. Kudos Habanero's!
4	North Scottsdale is blessed to have Habanero's in its' midst, and here's why.....All the other Mexican food establishments in the area are corporate with little or no authenticity. Mexican food in North Scottsdale is pretty much styrofoamic. (Is that a word? It is now). And then along came Habanero's.Clearly this place is a family operation.  The menu has a nice selection and is very economically priced. Fajitas are like $7, but we didn't get them. We ordered Chicken Nachos to start and they were wonderful. I liked that they were light on the cheese and heavy on the chicken. Very tasty.  We also got Blackened Shrimp tacos and fish tacos.  All were excellent.  My little guy got the kid's cheese quesedella and he was happy. The tacos had great flavor. The bill was very low.Keep up the good work and try this place before it gets packed.
4	Great guys. Authentic food. Good prices. Get the carnitas w/ a cold Horchata and you'll be a happy camper.
4	I completely have to thank Yelp for this one. I work around the Scottsdale Airpark and I didn't even know this place existed until I did a little Yelping. The food is definitely on point with what the other reviews are saying, and I was very pleased.When I got there for lunch, there was a line to the door. I was grateful though because I had no idea what to order. I'm serious too because that usually doesn't happen to me at a Mexican restaurant. Their special sounded great as did pretty much everything else. I decided to go with the delicious sounding blackened chicken burrito and an order of chips and salsa (kind of a must for me at a new Mexican place). The chips were pretty standard, but crispy and yummy, and the salsas were great! We were given a verde, a regular (red with lots of pepper flavor) and their version of a spicy salsa. I believe the latter had habaneros in it; it lacked a little in flavor but definitely packed a little bite. Overall the salsas were very good; I even threw some on my burrito. Speaking of that, the burrito was great! It wasn't filling like any of the Berto places, but instead, just right. In other words, I didn't feel too guilty about it. The chicken was awesome and the other fillings (rice, pico and chipotle sauce) brought it all together very nicely.I've for sure added this place to my list of lunch spots. I can see why it gets great reviews, but I can also see why people are hesitant to boast about it. It's a well-kept secret tucked away in the depths of North Scottsdale that is becoming less of one day after day.
5	Best place for lunch in the valley. At work whenever someone suggests Chipotle, I reply, "how about Habanero's instead". What makes it the best:- 3 Salsas: Green, Red, and Habanero, all hot and each amazing- Freshly Pressed Tortillas- Your order is made fresh, the meat and fresh vegetables are all cooked just for you- Refillable Horchata- All for a good price under $10
5	This place is awesome. It's pretty unassuming, in a strip mall in North Scottsdale and pretty generic even once you get inside, but make no mistake: Habanero's is the real deal. The carnitas, as mentioned before are outstanding, as are the tortillas and salsas.
4	Very small cafe-style spot in a strip mall. Habanero's offers amazingly good authentic food that you would pay double for down the street. They have everything from breakfast burritos to unique daily specials. All are served with several delicious salsas. If your not trying to impress a date, then try this for an affordable, casual, neighborhood experience.
5	Love this place! Great blackened fish and shrimp tacos and blackened shrimp quesadilla. Calamari tacos aren't on the menu, but be sure to ask if they're available.Owner Arturo is really hands-on and makes a mean margarita too!  Be sure to ask for the orange (habanero) sauce!
5	This place is the real deal.  Great food, prices are competitive with other places nearby.  If you're not a fan of the ingredients in the burritos then just order it the way you want it, they'll hook it up.  I haven't had a bad meal there yet and I try to make it out to this place for lunch every Friday.  Coke in the glass bottle, soo good.  My favorite item is the Carnitas Platter.  It's on the higher end cost-wise but is definitely worth it.
3	Living in SoCal, I've had my fair share of Mexican food. From Tex-Mex, to hole-in-the wall, to authentic, to fake Mexican-Cali-Fresh. So while in Scottsdale for work, I had to see what they had to offer. Yelped, and found Habanero's. Overall, I have mixed reviews. The chips were gooooood! Not just corn, but different flavored chips. Yummy. I got a side of guac, which I'll pass on next time. TOOOO many onions for me and not enough salt or lime juice. The owner, as others mentioned, was super nice! Cracked jokes, was friendly, very good service. BUT, when it came to the food, ehhh. I hate ordering take-out and having them eff up your order! I ordered 3 tacos: 1 fish, 1 blackened shrimp, and 1 carne asada, requesting them on corn tortillas with no onions, cilantro, or pico, with extra limes. Got them on flour tortillas with cilantro, with 1 small lime wedge. The fish taco was my least fav. Just tasted like frozen battered cod that was seasoned enough. The shrimp was just ok. The carne asada was great. The meat was very tasty. Also got a side of rice. My whole order (including guac, 3 tacos, and rice) came to $11.16. Overall, I was disappointed with my food mostly because it wasn't as I ordered it. Lesson learned: check it before you leave if you get it to go. I miiiiiight go back when I'm in town next and give it 1 (only 1!) more chance.
4	This was a great find. We were overwhelmed with the menu. We got the chorizo and carne nachos, the special of the day shrimp Mexicana, and two tacos. All was great! Service was great and they had beer wine etc.   The Habanero salsa was screaming and the tortilla's fresh and homemade. Boy I wish we could get this kind of Mexican at home! PS Cheap too!
4	I've been trying to get to this place for almost a year now.  It is in a general area that I go to at least once or twice a week - Costco, K. O'Donnells, Golfsmith, Four Peaks, etc.  but it seems that I just am never around there when I want a light lunch or quick bite to eat. I finally made it!!It is a delightful little restaurant located in the strip mall behind K. O'Donnells and serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. It reminds me of a taco stand in a building.  The first time I was there, I made it for lunch - and I could see why it has so many good reviews. The line was out the front door, but they simply take your order and you find a table to wait until it is done.  Although it was crowded, I did find a table, and was able to watch as they served lunch - very efficient, very friendly. The food is delicious, made with fresh ingredients while you wait.  The menu is large.  I have tried the blackened chicken burrito, carne asada tacos, blackened chicken quesadillas, and, of course, the Dos Equis - all were great.  They also have a breakfast menu, and children's menu.They have several salsas available, but once I found out they had Habanero salsa, I knew I loved this place.  For those that like less fire, they do have both green and red salsa, of varying hotness.   I have only given 4 stars as I haven't tried everything I want to.  So now I will work through their menu - it's a dirty job, but someone has to do it. But with Dos Equis, I will persevere.
4	Hanero's is one of my favorite places to go for lunch.  It's right by work and the staff is very friendly.  My fave is the carne asada burrito.
5	wow.food made fresh.food made well.very tasty. had the parrillada tampequeno. MMMMMMMMMM.habanero salsa was good, but not hot as some have said. (yea my kids say my tastebuds are warped)bob had the chicken fajitas, he said they rocked.the guac was very good.
3	Habanero's has fresh, reasonably priced tex-mex food. My veggie burrito was pretty good - the black beans have a nice flavor, the bell peppers & onions were sauteed nicely, a light sprinkling of cheese, but there wasn't enough pico or lettuce. The cheese enchiladas were a little below average in my mind - really small & the sauce was kind of bland. I found their mexican rice to be on the bland side, but that can be fixed with salsa. Overall this is a good place to go in & grab a quick meal - the food is on par with a Rubio's or Baja Fresh but you have the opportunity to support a local business which wins in my mind.
5	Tried the special "calamari tacos". Extremely delicious.  Everything tasted fresh.  Definitely my regular from now on.
3	Habanero's is good fresh food at a reasonable price...but it's generally slow to get your food and/or so hectic it takes a REALLY long time to be served.  If you plan on dining there, make sure it's nice out--otherwise you won't find a place to sit inside and will be roasting or freezing outside!Mad kudos for:--Cholula on the table--Really good foodA big boo for:--15 min wait after ordering...at 11:30...with 2 people in front of us--Salsa didn't arrive until after we finished eating despite 3 requests--No real combo optionsThe food beats Baja Fresh, Chipotle, & Qdoba--and all those places can be hectic as well, but after a couple visits I'll stick with my 3 stars.  Maybe I'll call ahead and pick-up next time...or just drive through the much closer Taco Bell and have some 35% beef :p.
5	So I have had two different breakfast burritos and three different tacos from Habanero's and loved them all.  The carne asada taco wasn't as good as I was hoping, but it definately wasn't bad.The carnitas is the best I have ever had.  It isn't dry, but it isn't covered in grease and doesn't tast liek it has been sitting in a bath a water.  It was perfect.  The blackened chicken taco was my favorite and the chipotle sauce is amazing.For breakfast, I highly recommend a chicken breakfast burrito with the chipotle sauce added.  Keeps you full for a long time, is inexpensive, and tastes AMAZING!If you are in the area, the kind service and wonderful food is worth the stop and any wait you may or may not have to endure.
4	Just discovered this place. Food was really good! Nothing out of the ordinary food wise but it was really good and cheap. The staff was super helpful and friendly. A great first experience. We will be back!
2	just had a carne asade burro for lunch with guac, sour cream, and pico. wasnt anything speiclal at all. I prefer my burro's to not be cut in half considering its a burrito not a PB&J.The salsas didnt have a lot of flavor. The hot salsa had a good heat to it but just not much flavor. I found myself using the green salsa the most. On the upside i had an ice cold Victoria that made up for it all. I would go back and try the fish tacos i suppose
5	Great tacos, great people!  Love this place!
5	The carnitas is amazing, burritos, enchiladas, or tacos. Try a burrito enchilada style!
5	Small, quaint joint. Whoever is dialing up the grill is doing it right. Attention to detail is key here. Although a small, fast food type botique with comfortable seating, everything is prepared to exacting standards...
4	Our first time there, so we had 3 different tacos and a shrimp-burrito.  Very fresh and flavorful.  Burrito was surprisingly good, and so was the fish taco and blackened chicken.  We also tried the flan -- this was the best surprise.  Was great!  I don't think you can find anything that will top this place as far as a casual Mexican food joint in Scottsdale. We'll definitely be back.
5	My whole team eats here at least once a week. Service is excellent and always friendly! Food is very authentic and always yummy. I highly recommend stopping in.
4	This is a great neighborhood spot for some traditional Sonoran Mexican food.  I usually get the Blackened Chicken or shrimp burrito and it is always very consistent and good. They make all their own salsas and they are very good. The habanero sauce is their hottest and it has a good kick but nothing crazy hot. Good place and a good price.
3	Went with a group of friends from work for lunch. They were packed, but we managed to get a table.  Service was good and friendly. My carnitas burrito was a bit plain and expensive for what I got. Overall, a bit disappointed.
4	Fish tacos are oh so amazing!!!I have to eat here at least once a week. The food is fresh. The prices are fair. The guys are great. Everything I've tried has been excellent! I love the habanero salsa too- nice and hot!Look, some people complain that they wait too long for their food to be prepared. If you want FAST food then try Burger King down the road. I'll wait 10 minutes for my fresh food.As far as service... they are all so friendly! I always have a great time here!
5	Hidden gem this side of the border.  Lunch is very yummy. We've eaten here several times and never disappointed. They are open for breakfast, lunch & dinner. Breakfast burritos are wonderful. I recommend the chorizo burrito, although all are delicious. The entire menu is wonderful and their homemade salsas compliment the fare.  The owner is super cool and always makes people feel right at home!
5	I've been coming here since the place opened as I work right across the parking lot. The food is always excellent and fresh. The owner and staff are some of the nicest people you will ever encounter. Some favorites: ground beef burrito, blackened chicken salad, fish tacos, and the breakfast burritos (they are massive and filling and everything you could possibly want). Oh, and the sopapillas. Don't ever forget the sopapillas. Pillowy little bundles of cinnamon and sugar with honey if you want. Delicious.Yes, they take a little while for lunch but it's all made right before your lil' eyes. Red sauce is awesome, green is tasty, and the habanero sauce has a good flavor without cooking your face.These guys also do catering and deliver!
5	Great find! Don't let the mini-mall outward appearence deter you! Went here for lunch with our employees, almost decided not to because from the outward appearence it doesn't look special.Its VERY authentic food, which is big for me because there are a ton of super-americanized mexican restaurants in Scottsdale. This is the real deal...I got the Carne Asada Burrito and it was excellent. Then after finishing , the waitress was so kind and brought out some free blackened chicken tacos and they were also spectacular she mentioned that was their specialty.Great service, great food, great prices... Secretive and decieving location...Try it out you wont be disappointed!!
4	Visited Habanero's for lunch yesterday and it was awesome! I had the Carnitas tacos - great flavor, fresh made guac and pico - YUM! My husband had a steak quesadilla and love it too. The service was fast and friendly. We will definitely go back. Our only complaint is the chips and salsa - the chips are great, but both of the regular red and green salsa's were really mild for our taste - still great flavor though. Will try the spicy version next time we go.
4	Some friends took us out for dinner on Friday night, as we planned an upcoming vacation to Mexico.  As others have said, don't let the mini-mall appearance/location stop you from going in.  Great food - I had Chili Rellanos and they were unbelievable- truly authentic.  Maybe the best part was desert - Sopapilla's were so tasty and my husband, who is a chef, said it was one of the most perfect flans he had tasted in years - creamy, no bubbles, and just great.Service is friendly, and might be alittle slow when they are busy, but the friendliness and food make up for it.  And they are so helpful - such as gettting extra sauces, and explaining them.  We will be back.  It is also good to know they are open for breakfast.
4	First, I should say that I am no expert on Mexican food. With that said, I did take out at Habanero's Mexican Grill while in Scottsdale last month, and I liked it. My blackened chicken quesadilla was good, and my wife's liked her blackened chicken burrito.
4	Decent Mexican food for a good price. Great spot to come on a short lunch break with a few buddies. The Horchata is amazing I would highly recommend it, some of the best Horchata I have had.
5	Ahhhh I love it when a great place forces me to get off my ass and write another review. We were driving around and I had this unrelenting craving for fresh, delicious tacos...with a catch: not a chain restaurant and PLEASE not another fast food joint. So, I am combing through places on my yelp app when Habanero's pops up. How had I never come across this place and I live a mile away?!?!?!? Oh, and I forgot to mention, that this was on my last day in Arizona. Glorious. Secretly, I was hoping that this place would underwhelm me, just so I did not feel like an idiot for running to Taco Bell all those years.We arrive and judging the place from the outside...well...I was underwhelmed and happy since my ego was still in place. Then we entered and I felt as though a permanent dunce cap plopped on my head. The menu looked delicious and my mouth was watering from the smell.We ordered chips and salsa/guac, a fish taco, carne asada taco, blackened shrimp taco and calamari taco (the chips were $2.25 and each taco was $2.50). Everything was AMAZING. I would have a difficult time picking a favorite taco. Please go and give this place a try...avoid the dunce cap.MUST TRY: shrimp taco and carne asada tacoMEH: chips (a little too thick for my taste)AVOID: nothing...try everything! Then run home to work it off. :)
4	I have been a customer at Habanero's since the joint opened. The food is delicious, they have a great menu, and the staff is friendly. Another great aspect of Habanero's is that they cater. Their mini-chimis are a great alternative to wings on Superbowl Sunday.My personal favorite dish is the buenos nachos. Authentic? Nope, but it's really delicious. Their fish tacos and carne asada burritos are also great.
4	Good burrito w fresh ingredients. Nice and spicy, good service!
3	This is a tough one for me...my husband loves this place, I hate this place.He raves about the fish and shrimp tacos, especially the blackened fish - those are his favorites.I tried the beef taco and chile relleno.  Completely flavorless beef that I am convinced had been a hamburger right up until I ordered the taco - it was in big gray chunks.  Relleno was so loaded with seeds I couldn't eat it and it ended up in the garbage.I will give it another try at some point because he likes the tacos so much.  Pretty cheap too.
5	Really good Mexican food.  Love the blackened fish tacos and the blackened chicken salad.  I usually judge Mexican food by their chips and salsa as well and I am always satisfied with both.My husband and I tried their breakfast this past weekend and we were happy with that as well.  Very nice and friendly staff.  So nice to have good Mexican food that's not overpriced!!!
4	I was here for lunch the other day and had the blackened chicken combo plate.  It came with rice, black beans and three tortillas.  Everything was fresh and flavorful.  The service was friendly and I'll definitely be back.
3	Chips and salsa...MEH...BUT-The blackened chicken soft tacos are tasty for a little hole in the wall fast food kind of place.  I was definitely surprised.  The staff is so nice. Worth a shot to check it out for a little mexican snack.
5	Very Reasonably priced, huge portions, and great food!  Much preferred to the cookie-cutter chain restaurants.  Will return!
2	I love Mexican food!!! One of the first things I always try when I go to a new place is the Chiles Rellenos.  Its a great benchmark for the overall quality, "tastyness", and value of most everything on the menu.Is the chili fresh and prepared well? (Hatch or not Hatch).Is the chili stuffed with a delectable Mexican cheese mix (or just  jack cheese)?What kind of batter? egg? breading?  (One place I went had a deep fried, crumpled saltine cracker crust that was surprisingly good).Are sides included?Habanero's Chiles Rellenos wasn't all that great.  Far to many seeds left in the chili for my taste.  Just melted jack on the inside.  Mostly egg battered outside (not very thick).  I don't think the chili was roasted in any special way or given any other kind of seasoning...Overall it was Meh.The chili came with a side of beans that were authentic yet a little boring.  Also included:  A little Spanish rice (also boring).  Pico was yucky.  They are very generous with the sour cream.  (I noticed that sour cream and guacamole are included in most dishes so you don't have to pay extra).  Cool.
4	I was debating 3 or 4 stars. I pushing 4 stars for the value. I thought the guacamole was excellent and the green salsa was really tasty. I had a carne taco and a carnitas taco, both were decent but the amount of food your get for the price is unreal. I think I will give them another try and go for a blackened taco. Overall, I thought everything was lacking salt; from the salsas, to the chips, to the guac. I tried the ceviche but I believe there was some imitation crab meat in it. In my opinion, leave the fake crabmeat out and just do veggies and shrimp, also spice it up a bit. The employees/owners are super nice people. Also, I wouldn't say its a hole in the wall by any means. The place is pretty nice.
4	Fresh, tasty, excllent service. Carna Asada, Carnitas, Fajitas all good.
4	Ate here for the first time last week. I have been looking for good, fast mexican food in the area and this fits the bill.We arrived at the peak lunch time and the line moved quickly. It was a little tricky finding a table outside, so we reluctantly sat inside. Then one of the workers politely let us know an outdoor table had just opened up and we moved. The patio had a nice vibe to it.I ordered the carne asada burrito, which was filled with pico de gallo and guacamole. Nice and simple, the way I like it. The meat was perfectly cooked and the guacamole was fantastic. My mom had the blackened chicken tacos, which I tried a bite of (they lived up to the hype!)SOPAPILLAS: they are seriously the most addicting and delicious dessert out there but not many restaurants seem to have them. I was overjoyed when I spotted the handwritten sign for "homemade sopapillas." For $3.50, you get 3 delicious fluffy pieces of fried dough covered in cinnamon and filled with honey.Will definitely make this a regular lunch spot. Note: rice is $1 extra and chips and salsa cost $1.29. You do get a couple of chips with your burrito, but no salsa.
4	What a cute hidden gem!  We were looking for some quick, traditional mexican food in Scottsdale.  We started looking at reviews and decided.... let's take a chance!  First off, you'll have to look for it - its in a shopping center/strip mall so we passed by it once.  Keep your eyes open!  Now let's talk about experience.Let's start with the atmosphere.  As you walk in, there's the counter to order and on the left... about 9 small tables.  It's definitely set up more as a fast food style service.  I wouldn't go here to spend an entire evening sipping on margaritas - Cantina Laredo would do for that - but this place has become a staple due to the experience and food.  I'd say... think a local version of Rubios.We've also had great service -  always nice, smiling, and making sure we're happy.  That alone makes getting quick food nice and more relaxed - although lunch can get crowded.The food: pretty darn good - quite a surprise.  We've tried the carne asada burrito, quesadillas, fajitas.  I love their guacamole which is a great addition to a burrito.  It's also nice not to have it filled with rice, beans, instead of protein - they are quite the opposite and generous on the filling.Cons:  Their salsa is pretty runny and not quite exciting.  Nothing to write home about.Overall, fun little place.  Great for a quick bite and I will keep coming back
4	Passed by this place a few times & finally decided to give it a try... Not regretting it! This is def the most authentic Mexi food I've eaten in No-Sco. Had the carne asada burrito and horchata (: left happy. This experience was bueno! I'll be back to try more!
4	This place is really cute. The food is awesome and the service is WONDERFUL. we were seated outside today because the place was packed, but it was really cold. As soon as an inside table opened up, the owner came and got us and moved us inside so we were warm. So sweet.
1	The reviews were very good so my wife and I tried this place last night. Granted it was the Friday before Christmas and it was 30 minutes before closing but we could not have been more disappointed. My wife ordered enchiladas and I had a carne asada burrito. Mine came to the table 5 minutes after my wife's and when I bit into it it was cold. I sent it back to the kitchen and 5 minutes later it was re-served cold again. Besides the temperature, the meat was very tough to cut. At that point we gave up after registering our complaint with the manager. He asked if I wanted something else but by this time I had no confidence in the kitchen. My wife's meal was fair at best. She said her food was tasteless and not very fresh. I'm afraid we won't be back. There are too many good restaurants in Scottsdale to risk another disappointment.
2	First let me compliment the friendly and helpful staff, they were very welcoming. Second, the carne asada tacos my spouse and I ordered were just okay. The meat was a little tough and lacked flavor. I had high hopes for Habanero's. I love Mexican food and they're relatively close to my house. I wanted to love the food, but I didn't. I will continue my quest for a phenomenal mexican eatery in Scottsdale, hell, I will even settle for a hole in the wall in Phoenix as long as the food is GOOD.
5	Soooo good. I loved my enchiladas! The salsa and Orange Bang are can't misses!
1	Disappointment all around.  Staff rude, food bland, salsa tastes like tomato water.  Only neat thing here is the mexican drinks on tap.  Extremely disappointing.
4	One of the few places where you don't have to pay 10 bucks to enjoy lunch. The food here is pretty good and the service is nice and friendly. Give this place a try if you're a local and looking for mexican food.
3	I had the lunch special and chips and salsa today. The special was blackened fish and shrimp along with all the fixings and 3 tortillas. The chips are a little thicker than I like and the red salsa (both green and red are served if ordered) is very much like someone else reported...liquidy, definitely nothing for your chip to grab on to. The highlight was the blackened fish and shrimp, which I used to make my own tacos. The beans and rice were average. The place is small with most tables fitting two people and a few tables for four. Inside they can hold perhaps 30 people including the 5 or 6 people at the bar. I gave it a three-star rating because the fish and shrimp was very tasty but the watered-down salsa was not my favorite. They are opening a second location in SW corner of Scottsdale/Shea in about three weeks behind the Denny's and will have more space for patrons.
5	This is a local, family business, the type we find has the best food and the friendliest people.  Everything is cooked to order, so it takes a little time. No microwave in sight. I was told some of the recipes were handed down from the Grandmother., a  lot of it seems to be Guadalajara, Jalisco dishes. I like the Calamari Tacos and Lobster Enchiladas. They don't have Lobster every day, usually Friday, and only if it looks good to them. There are a few breakfast items if you go in earlier. Everything I've tried here was good, and the staff is great!] The flan is also excellent for dessert.
5	I really like this place!! Small, family owned and operated, with very nice people and excellent food.  We've gone for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I usually get Kayla's favorite for breakfast, stacked chicken enchiladas with eggs, cheese and salsa on top. On Friday's they usually have fresh lobster and fish, their lobster enchiladas are excellent. I also like the calamari and shrimp tacos, their calamari could be the best in town. And I like their flan, it is large enough for two people to share. My only complaint is that they charge for chips and salsa, but that isn't enough to take away a star.
5	This is one of my favorite Mexican "fast food" joints ever.  My company caters from them quite often, and whenever we order from there, people love us!!! We get the chicken fajita , carne asada and carnitas burritos. The meat is so flavorful and delicious.  They always do such a fantastic job. Very hard workers. It is owned by Arturo and his sister, Maria. Say hi to them next time you stop in.
3	Pretty good.  Staff was very friendly.  Tacos were tasty, beans were pretty good, rice was not good.
5	This place is great.  You come in for a burrito and leave fully satisfied.  All of the food is fresh- which you've gotta appreciate!!  I highly recommend the fajita burrito or their guac.  Yum :)
4	Chunky fresh guacamole, great chips and for my first time, calamari tacos.  I also tried the blackened mahi- mahi fish tacos.This is a fast food type of environment however each meal is prepared to order.  Fish was freshly grilled, guac was very fresh with large chunks of avocado and calamari tasted freshly fried.  For a drink I recommend trying the horchata which although it was from a fountain, tasted delicious.If Yelp offered a 3.5 star I would have gone that way as although the offerings were a bit more unusual than most Mexican fast food places, it was just alright.  I round up to 4 for the effort in freshness and creative menu.
5	Best Mexican food in the area and it's not close. Staff is friendly and helpful. Atmosphere fine not overly special but food is great and very reasonably priced. Actually please avoid for lunch since line long enough already.
3	The horchata here is really good in my opinion.  The food would be what I'd call the definition of "average Mexican".  Our guacamole appetizer was missing any real flavor, and lacked that creamy texture that I personally prefer.  Our main dish was one of the "house specialties", which also tasted average.
2	Mediocre Mexican food.  The best pinto beans any can opener can offer up.  The Spanish rice is completely flavorless.  Nachos are decent with steak but get soggy entirely too fast with the pinto bean liquid.  Flautas are okay.  Red and green sauces are too mild and habanero sauce is too hot.  No happy medium.
5	HIDDEN GEM ALERT!!! I found about this place last week when I made a wrong turn into the parking lot and was starving, so I decided to try it out. I've been back 3 times since. This place is awesome.  It's fast, fresh, cooked to order .  To be fair, I have only had the blackened chicken tacos on corn tortillas each time, but they are THAT good.  the serving sizes are no joke either, so be prepared to share or be really full.  The horchata is pretty damn good too.  My fiance has tried the bean burrito, the blackened chicken burrito and the fajitas and all have gotten rave reviews from him and he's pretty picky about his mexican food.The prices are moderate, which makes it an even better find.  The service is always top notch, eager to help.  Excellent food and great prices, what could be better?
5	Seriously good Mexican food.  It's a humble looking place in a strip mall and it's delicious.
5	Hands down,best fish tacos in town.  Love this place!
5	Seriously the BEST guacamole I've ever eaten! and fantastic carnitas cooked RIGHT! I rate it as good as it gets FOR IT'S CATEGORY! Meaning, if you are looking for FANTASTIC food, that is real, for good prices and GREAT service, this is the place! If you want real plates, umbrellas in your margaritas and fancy whatever, then find somewhere else to waste money! The owner was incredibly friendly, came around making sure we were enjoying our food multiple times (and we got there 20 minutes BEFORE they closed-he even made FRESH guacamole for us! WHO does that!?!?!?). The server was very friendly, never once did we feel like "it's almost closing time". We ate at Cantina Laredo the night before, and both my husband and I RAVED about Habanero's to our hotel and business center where we were attending meetings! Can't wait to go back!!! Found them via Google search BTW.
5	Finally made it here!  I've had this place book marked for several months when another yelper saw my  reviews for fish tacos and sent me a note to try this place out. What a great find. We started off with chips and salsa. They asked if we wanted the habanero sauce, and we tried it - let me tell you HOT!I tried the fish taco and the calamari taco. The fish was deep fried, which I like, a good portion. It didn't have too much cabbage and was it topped with tarter sauce, again a nice portion. The calamari taco also had fried calamari, topped with a little bit of cabbage and a chipotle sauce. Both were very good. I have to say I would have preferred another sauce over the tarter sauce, so next time I will order the fish with the chipotle sauce. They also offer a blackened fish (grilled) and shrimp tacos (grilled), which I want to try as well. of course, I don't go anywhere without trying Dave's, so I took a bite of his beef burrito, and it was good. It needed a little of the Cholula Chipotle Flavored hot sauce, but otherwise, good flavor. of course we washed all this down with a couple of DOS EQUIS XX.We had the opportunity to speak to one of the owners because it was late on a Monday night. He is an extremely nice guy. They just opened another location on Scottsdale and Shea, and both are family run. They take a great deal of pride in their food and service, and you can tell.
5	My boyfriend and I have been looking for some amazing mexican food and we found it. Had to wait a little bit to get the food but it was well worth the wait! The nachos were out of this world and the burrito and quesadillas were amazing. Definitely will be back!!!
4	Really good plate with a variety of meats. Basically fajita. The chorizo was the standout. As well as the chicken.The things we thought were bland we're the Carnitas burrito and Blackened fish taco.Shrimp tacos were great!
1	Eek! Methinks not. Very very bland salsa. Tastes close to water with a hint of cayenne and stale chips! I had to season them with salt to at least taste something a bit.I had breakfast steak burrito. Hubby is right. Sonic's tastes better.We expected good food because of the 4-star reviews in average but left disappointed and wont be coming back nor be recommending this place to friends.
4	Folks in my office had been telling me about this place for a while so I finally decided to try them out...look up the phone number and dial and it rings....rings...rings...rings....FINALLY someone answered! Although it took a couple attempts (3rd call :p) when I got someone on the phone the service was super friendly! When I went to grab my lunch, the place was packed and crazy so I had to wait  few for my order but the service was again super friendly and totally on top of things. I actually just sat there and watched their AMAZING grill cook do his thing (sounds weird but go watch, it's fun!)Got the salad back to my office, oohed and ahhed at the presentation (sometimes, food is just PRETTY) and dug in-WOW! BEST grilled chicken EVER! Super juicy, fresh, flavor galore! Lettuce?.....ehhhh well it's all about the grilled chicken anyways :PAside from the phone difficulty at the start (can't fault a place for being popular/busy) my experience with this place was an "A" for sure.   Just make sure you have some time to order from this place :)
5	Had the chicken fajitas, super good. Go.
1	Drove 12 miles to eat there. Would not recommend walking across the parking lot. Over cooked and over stirred.  1 cook trying to teach 2 newbies, tried to eat it because I was hungry but could not.
3	Watery, watery salsa.  In fact, it's too watery to be considered a hot "sauce" because even that has some measure of thickness to it.  It's odd that it is paired with chips, because the chips cannot hold any of it as it runs off immediately.  Such a bold name to have too - Habanero's.  So the food may be spicy, right?  No.  Even the "hot salsa" which is allegedly made with Habanero is medium at best.  This isn't some macho claim that it's not hot enough for me personally; no, it's really not anything like a typical salsa with habanero ingredients.  When the food leans mild it's all to easy to label it as a gringo place, but even more so when it's under the pretense of being a place with some spicy Habanero ingredients.Service was incredibly slow, and it's another one of those places where it's ambiguous if you sit down for service, or order at the counter.  Food was above average, served hot, and in a reasonable portion size for the price.  That's the main positive for this place - that the food is good and worth tolerating the other issues.  It's just not an overall great experience here.
3	mediocre- not amazing but not horrible! i actually didn't want to write a review to be totally honest but i checked in here and yelp wouldn't quit telling me to write a review. i finally caved just to remove the annoying reminder. you win, yelp, you win. i've only been twice. not a fan of the carne asada but the chorizo, shredded pork and blakcened chicken is Ok. The price is fair and the people working have been super friendly both times.
4	I love it here! It reminds me of authentic little restaurants in Mexico. No frills, no fancy decor. The food and service is delightful. We started off with my favorite beer drink, a "michelada." The bartender was not in that evening but the waitress made us a  VERY tastey one. We started off with the chicken nachos. Yum! My sis in law and I shared the Parilla dinner. We didn't want the carnitas or chorizo and had them replace it with shrimp.y husband had the chicken salad and enjoyed it. They know how to season and cook their meat! I am definitely returning!
4	Food is excellent and staff is always very friendly!
5	Excellent family owned restaurant!!  Very affordable prices and friendly people that actually put their heart into what they do.  I am happy to see a hard working family reap the rewards of the American dream.  I have been eating at Habanero's since they opened, and the portions and quality have not diminshed to the slightest degree.  Expect lunchtime to be crowded, however, the wait time is never more than 5 to 10 minutes with no sacrifice in quality.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix area. Staff is very friendly and every dish I have tried has been good. The blackened chicken is delicious.
2	Staff is friendly. Food is good not great. I still like going here a couple times a week. The margherita's have NO alcohol, won't be ordering those anymore.
3	Good quesadilla, the burrito enchilada style was okay but served on too small of a plate and it wasn't very warm. Friendly people, decent environment.
4	Very good Mexican food.. Authentic and friendly...
4	Delicious food and fantastic service from Natasha and friendly owner Arturo. The place is fairly small with only a few tables and the decor is reminiscent of Mexico.The food was fresh and plentiful and prices are very reasonable. No complaints here. Will be back.
4	I don't get too adventurous with mexican food, but I have trouble finding places I like and that my fellow diners like. This place is quick, and the food is good, especially for the price. The cheese crisp and sopapillas are great. Also, the service was 5 star - very friendly from hi to goodbye.
5	Found this place on Yelp while I was on vacation in Scottsdale so figured we would try it out and it was wonderful!The service was great and there wasn't really anyone else there when we went so Arturo stopped by and offered us some of the Habanero Tequila (apparently he makes it). WOW it was hot. Not really for me but very interesting and awfully cool of him to come out and offer us some.Food was great! I had three different tacos (Calimarii, Blackened Fish, and Carnitas) and all were awesome!. Other people in my party got blackened fish entree, the carnitas entree, the carne asada entree. Everyone was happy!Friendly people and great food. Pricing was very reasonable too. My tacos were $2.50/$2.99 each and most entrees were in the $6-$9.50 range.Would definitely return!
4	Great food, nice, quiet environment, a little tough to find in a strip mall but totally worth it! The flan is outstanding, like all the tortilla options that come with dinner (they were not stingey with sides), and the staff were great.Agree with other reviews that the salsa was just OK.  Tasty, but far too thin; nearly impossible to eat with chips.Will definitely come back.  It's sooo much better than the other Mexican food restaurants nearby at FLW and the 101.
5	Food is amazing!!! Freshly cooked, just give them a little more time to cook or call ahead if your in a rush!
4	Considering this place is in Scottsdale, the food and prices are really good for Mexican food. I'm still on a search for good Mexican food here an this place does a pretty decent job. We decided to try the Parrillada which is similar to the concept of fajitas but so much better. The price is dependent on how many people order it. 1 person is 10.99 and 2 people is $14.99.  Basically you get a combination of carnitas, chorizo, chicken, beef and potatoes on a warming dish.  There is the option to add shrimp for a few dollars more but we didn't get that. The meats are not mixed together but rather side by side. Each person then gets their own plate of beans, rice, sour cream and guacamole. The guacamole is freshly made and they give you a really good portion.  Even the beans seemed homemade too. It also come with tortillas - flour, corn or wheat. Wow, wheat?!  I didn't really like them but hey, it's great to know you have the option. For the price and amount, it's a good meal for two people. They make their own salsa according to the waitress. We got a side with chips and it ended up being a green and red one.  Both pretty decent but they were a bit too thin for me. I like mine with substance and chunky.  For drinks, they have self serve orange bang, pineapple whip, horchata, Jamaica. Yum!!! It's not too often you see that.   The place has great service too. The staff are all friendly.
4	I have only been here one time but I am a fan and it was enough to get me to write a yelp review.  I had the chicken taco's and they were excellent.  I ordered three of them and had planned to eat two and bring the other home with me.  I didn't bring the other one home with me because I ate it.  The woman at the counter was very informative and friendly and the food was great.  I prices were the same as any other taco shop in the Phoenix area and the product was superb.
5	Had the blacked shrimp and fish tacos and the chile rellenos both were outstanding as were the Margeritas.  A must eat casual Mexican place in north scottsdale.
4	Visiting from Los Angeles and was surprised at the quality of the food. I had a shrimp plate as well as some of their fish tacos. Place was a little hard to find (due to location) but was worth it when i did find it. Would come back anytime im in the Scottsdale area
4	The food was excellent, very authentic!  The service was friendly, too.  The place was very small, though; kinda cramped.  Everyone was willing to wait for a table to get the great food.  This place is worth your time!
4	Our new favorite Mexican restaurant!  Food is fresh and delicious, service is very good.  Portion sizes are generous and prices are very reasonable.  We always order the buenos nachos.
5	Out of towners, used Yelp and we were very happy! We'll definitely have to come back when we visit the area again. Yummy burritos!
3	I thought the quality and originality of their food was on par with what you'd expect from the Mexican food selection at Chili's. There is a lot of Mexican food in Phoenix and they do very little to differentiate themselves.
5	I wanted to try this the last time I was in town and nobody wanted to go with me :) patience paid off, the food was very yummy! Definitely recommend the blackened chicken taco.  I also had the carne asada taco and it was very good.  The guac was fresh and the margarita was  just what I needed after work. Two of us ate for $21 total.  Great food, great prices, can't wait to go back :)
4	Another awesome Mexican restaurant within a couple of miles of our house....this place is pretty awesome.  I don't know why it took me so long to try it out....perhaps because it's kind of tucked away out of sight in a shopping mall that doesn't generally get a lot of traffic...?  I don't know....but one thing I do know is that it's no on my radar and I will be back many times.  Here's my Son and I had on our first visit:Carnitas de Jalisco, $9.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=hs9izE2KQH42bIhX2k2tPw#hs9izE2KQH42bIhX2k2tPwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=873KJQLaeB5FKuPMB3jC8Q#873KJQLaeB5FKuPMB3jC8Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=yewf-V6M-eviSlnMFN_klg#yewf-V6M-eviSlnMFN_klgBuenos Nachos w/Ground Beef, $6.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=ZLUrrPL1RDSqhkQvkzRmtw#ZLUrrPL1RDSqhkQvkzRmtwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=yi__pt7IXqW10j9yHcOFPA#yi__pt7IXqW10j9yHcOFPAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=aOWIlXAmRLOPY72He5rTfw#aOWIlXAmRLOPY72He5rTfwCarne Asada Taco, $2.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=8LpgSd1OL903W82t13JOrQ#8LpgSd1OL903W82t13JOrQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=u38XVbgVvK3uG9jgrPQjdA#u38XVbgVvK3uG9jgrPQjdAMy Son ordered the Carnitas and I asked him for a few bites so I could sample the plate...it was very good, nice flavor.  Beans and Rice complimented it well.I had the Nachos and the Carne Asada Taco.  The Nachos were awesome....the did a great job with this dish.  It's Spicy and has a ton of flavor....portion size is big too.  They serve it on a Pizza dish....I think that's the trend now as this is at least the 2nd or 3rd place I've seen Nachos served on a Pizza dish.  Before moving to the Scottsdale area, I'd never seen that.  Back to the food....The Carne Asada Taco was OK...it was the only dish that disappointed.  They do something different here with it....they add Lettuce....a lot of Lettuce....too much Lettuce (see pics above).  I think the Lettuce overwhelmed the flavor of the Taco....if I order this again, I will either order it without the Lettuce or take it off before I eat it.The service here is good too.  We asked for very Spicy Salsa instead of the normal one they give you with your dish and they came back with a Habanero based Salsa....it had a serious kick to it.  It was nice to have that option.Return Factor - 92%
4	Went to Arizona and found myself some bomb-as mexican food!Here's what I got:(1) Pork Taco - 4 stars!(2) Pork Taco - 4 stars!**OVERALL: Yup, I got double pork tacos! NOMS!
5	I used YELP to find a Mexican place with a good rating when we were in town. THANKS Yelpers! This place is awesome!!!!  Really cool gun place next door too.
4	5/31/13Finally stopped in for my first time visit to order takeout.  Since it was my first time, I wanted to check out the menu board overhead, but staring up at menu boards while people are waiting to take my order has never been my cup o' tea, so I looked around for a leaflet to peruse through, instead.  I liked the open layout of the grill and kitchen, as i was able to see the cooks in action.  I read under "Habanero Specialties" a listing for Chiles rellenos, a roasted poblano chile stuffed with jack cheese combo (rice, choice of beans-refried or black, choice of tortillas (corn, wheat, or flour) and pico de gallo for $9, and I'm a cheese-lover, so I had to try this. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=GtRJBN7OK6Vhu6x-zgZgrA#GtRJBN7OK6Vhu6x-zgZgrA  Looking around for a meaty meal, I saw under "Parrillada," that I could get a four-meat combo http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=GtRJBN7OK6Vhu6x-zgZgrA#vd5i45jyypKwClT1WigsnQ (grilled steak and chicken, chorizo, and carnitas, with rice, choice of beans, choice of tortilla, guacamole, and sour cream for one person, $11, but I also noticed that diners could add shrimp to their meals, so I wondered if the red meats were grilled alongside the shrimp (I'm allergic to shellfish), or perhaps there is a designated area where shrimp are partitioned away from the other meats, and looking past the order-taker's shoulder, I could see that shrimp are indeed cooked on the same grill with the meats.  I told the order-taker that I would like to try some of their barbecue, but I can't if the meats are cooked in the same area as the shrimp, since I have a shrimp allergy, and she fired off a few sentences in Spanish to the cook, who replied with a few sentences of his own, after which she turned to me and said that my meats would be prepared in a separate pan.  Sweet!!While my orders were cooking, I surveyed the place and observed that while the resto is small, it didn't FEEL small, because of all the flourishes that gave the place a bigger presence (wooden furnishings and counters, a mini-bar with a handful of Mexican beer pumps, a small fridge stocked with bottles of Mexican beer if you don't want to order drafts, a counter in front of the grills where you may dine, or sit and sip on a pint of beer while you wait for your takeout (which is what one guy did while I paid for my order and waited it out on one of the dining tables).  There's even patio seating, should you choose to dine alfresco, or if you don't want to leave the restaurant smelling like you spent all day cooking in the kitchen!Both dishes were muy delicioso!  Since I had two entrees, I decided to try both bean choices (refried and black), as well as two tortilla choices (wheat and flour), and they were all very good!  The black beans were soft and tender- I was expecting something like biting into boiled lima or kidney beans, but the black beans were softer, more akin to firm, spring peas (not mushy!).  I also appreciated that both bean choices weren't very salty and tasted freshly-prepared and sprinkled with cotija cheese, not from cans and doctored over the stove.  The chile relleno batter tasted decidedly eggy, which I did not mind, but if you don't like your foods eggy, then you might want to stay away from this dish.  I usually try to avoid tomatoes (inflammatory), but the pico de gallo smelled so bright and flavorful that I couldn't resist, and I'm glad I didn't, for it complemented the cheesy relleno perfectly!  As for the barbecue meats, I liked them all, even the spicy chorizo!  I'd say the grilled steak was my fave, followed by the diabolical chorizo, which also came with similarly-seasoned, grilled cubed potatoes.  (I didn't mind the spice level of the chorizo while the meal was fresh, but I noticed that it tasted too salty and too spicy for me to tolerate subsequent leftover meals- strange, that.)  While I enjoyed the grilled chicken (I try to avoid anything corn-based, since I'm allergic to corn, and yes, that would also include eggs... one or two in a batter is OK for me on most days), I wondered if I could order my next barbecue combo sans chicken and with more grilled steak, instead?  Doesn't hurt to ask...I returned the next night for another installment, since Mom finished the chile relleno leftovers soon after I arrived home with them.  Would love to go back and dine-in one of these days, and perhaps enjoy a complementing beverage and dessert with my meal!  :)  Mmm... happy hour menu sounds delightful, too!http://www.habaneros.mx/Happy_Hour.html
5	I love it when places keep it pretty simple.  I came here for breakfast on the recommendation of several friends who have been here.  Now, I wasn't sure if I could accurately judge the place based on breakfast offerings.  But that was the time I could get over here during my business trip.  So breakfast it was.  One burrito with egg, potato and chorizo later, and I see why everyone I know who has been here raves about the place.  I didn't eat anything overly creative here.  It was just a straightforward breakfast burrito.  But man, if I lived and worked here everyday, I'd get this for breakfast everyday.  It's one of those perfect everyday choices that would make me happy to get up in the morning.  My dining companions got items that looked even more appetizing to me.  It was so that I was actually jealous of what they ate.  Which of course means that when I'm back in town I'm getting what they got.  But it will be tough for me to turn down that burrito.
5	Habanero's is a great little spot. It's not usually packed and is always kept clean and tidy. I appriciate the attention to detail and excellent service..The food exceeded my expectations. Great place for a nice meal for 2...or bring the family (very family friendly). I reccomend getting a side of thier Chipotle sauce - its amazing.
4	OK-so we came here on a HOT, muggy day in the heat of the summer when the air is thick.  When we walked in the door you could barely breath from smelling the habanero peppers they had been chopping.  It seriously thought I was about to have a coughing attack but that's a good thing right?I had a snack before I ate here and am so bummed about that because everything looked so delicious.  I ordered the carne taco. It was really good!Hubs had the chili relleno - really enjoyed it.Kids ordered nachos & one of their nachos plates could have fed the entire family it was so big!  I can't wait to come back when I have my appetite on!
4	Good food and friendly staff.
4	I was in desperate need for a taco fix...  Thanks to yelp, I found a winner!I really like this place.  I ordered a couple of tacos and they were SO good I had to order more.  The ground beef taco is a bargain with all that it contains.  (Lettuce, sour cream, cheese, & pico de gallo). The sour cream really sets it off.  It is important to note that each order is cooked especially for you.  The meat is not setting in a pan and spooned onto your tortilla.  It takes a little longer, but it's SO worth it!  If you can't wait then you'll just have to drive through a Taco Bell and suffer the consequences.Enjoy the friendly service and wonderful Mexican food...  I want to come back for breakfast!
4	I'm coming back. As I've said in previous reviews, I have had a wide variety of Mexican food. 32 years living in the American Southwest will do that to you. I've been to greasy 'how are they still open' dives, upscale fusion cuisine and stuff in between. Habaneros has no business being a hole in the wall that isn't packed. The food was excellent. My wife went to the Hawaiian joint next door and walked out wishing she had come with me. They make their own chorizo (a Mexican don't ask what's in it food) which I enjoyed in the chorizo breakfast burrito. I also ordered the staple of guerro cuisine, the cheese quesadilla. It was all up to standard. I also enjoyed their refried beens (which didn't seem canned) and their Spanish rice. Would have liked the rice to be a bit spicier, but it may have just been overshadowed by the well seasoned chorizo. Long story short... Va a Habaneros y comer.
4	Excellent food, great service, just come when you have time to wait.  Well worth the wait though!
4	Always searching for a great Chiles Rellenos I stopped by Habaneros today and I was very pleasantly surprised.Most Chiles Rellenos in Phoenix Metro are 'Gringo Style', meaning a small chili entombed in thick batter or egg, stuffed with crappy yellow cheese and smothered in some sloppy assed sauce to where you can barely find or taste the chili.   They call that 'authentic' by the way and unfortunately most people thing that is the way to make them.   Habaneros Rellenos was near perfect:  a nice healthy chili (Anaheim, not Hatch, but OK)  in a paper thin egg batter with white cheese inside.  It coms with Pico de gallo but if you ask they will make it was green chili sauce on top.  That is all you need to know about the proper way to make Rellenos... it is about the chili.Served with beans & rice, the beans are cooked, not refried, so no lard if you are being heart healthy.   The rice is cooked well, the texture light and fluffy, just enough tomato to flavor it.  The tortillas are thin and steamed and served in foil.Ask for the salsa de la casa as well.....The only negative is that Habaneros uses plastic plates which don't do well for retaining heat.  If you are a slow eater your food will cool.   But that is the only negative and accounts for your dinner being $9.99 instead of $13.50 like the others.16 oz Mexican beers are only $2.99 at Happy Hour and the staff are truly friendly and accommodating.   How many times have you been asked you name in a Snottsdale Restaurant lately?   And been told they will remember you?You can usually tell a good Mexican Restaurant by how many Mexicans are eating there after Church on Sunday, and there were a bunch today!   I felt bad being the poorly dressed Gringo amongst all the nicely dressed Catolicas.Mui Bien!
5	Wonderful staff, great Mexican food!! Never been disappointed yet; as I come here once sometimes twice a week.
4	I highly recommend Habanero's! They have great guacamole and AWESOME pork tacos. For the price, it can't be beat. Their salsa is bland. And the waiters/waitresses came over every 5 minutes to check up on us. Which was really annoying, but it turned comical. I'm pretty sure they weren't communicating with one another about how often service was stoping by our table. Oh well, I'd rather have eager service than lazy service. My husband got fajitas and the chicken was marinated beautifully. For the value, this place is a home run.
4	This place is great. Good food. Everything I have ordered off the menu has been great.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE....my mom and i cleaned up three taco plates, shrimp, carnitas and lobster, plus blackened chicken nachos and chips and guac all for about $30.    Love supporting local family run and owned shops and this is no excpetion, the owner/chef came out to see how our food was and a discussion ensued.  who doesn't love duiscussing good food with another foodie/chef?   Can't wait to go back for the shrimp tacos and anything Carnitas!  MUST TRY yelpers!!!
5	Cheap prices...friendly service...good food.Went here with a group of 7 people and we were accommodated quickly.  Tables were combined, orders were quickly taken and they even separated the bill 7 ways.  For a grab your own seat and order at counter type place they did not have to do all that but they went out of their way for us.Ordered guacamole and chips with salsa for appetizers.  Salsa was to thin for my taste but the chips and guacamole were excellent.  For main dish ordered the blacked chicken quesadilla, ground beef taco and blacken chicken taco with black beans as a side.  Everything was good and tasted fresh.  Open kitchen is a nice touch.
5	The best chorizo breakfast burrito around. Excellent carnitas.  For quick and reasonable freshly made Mexican food, this is the best spot in scottsdale.  And the staff---top notch!
5	Absolutely my favorite Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale! The service is ALWAYS friendly, the food is excellent and the price is right. What else can you ask for?My husband and I always split the Parrillada for two, which is amazing. Their homemade chorizo is to die for, and their roasted jalapenos are wonderful.Even their simple tacos are incredible.Get there before noon or go after 1pm if you're going with a group and want a table at this location!
1	after seeing such good reviews i decided to stop by for a late lunch with my family. the prices were pretty good and the inside looked neat. after ordering meal for 2ppl i expected a nice portion of food. the gave us each 3tortillas a teaspoon of guac and sour cream and a tablespoon of rice. also a tablespoon amount of each meat which looked only for one person. when we asked for more the charged us extra. also we paid almost 5 more dollars to recieve 3 pieces of shrimp which the mixed with potatos to fake it that you got a decent portion. over all taste was good but the extra charges and the amount of food you get for the price is not worth it. worst experience ever!!
3	Tried the Blackened Chicken burrito and Ground Beef Taco. Both were good, not legendary. Burrito had plenty of well seasoned chicken, but still seemed small. It was sort of spicy, more like medium. Taco was on a decent flour tortilla, but nothing stood out and green sauce was kind of too spicy for a mild salsa. Crowded on saturday and Horchata was out of a machine, which is far from authentic Mexican.
4	Amazing quality for the price! I ordered some ground beef tacos and the ingredients were so fresh that I actually felt really good after eating them! The meat was not greasy or overly seasoned. My boyfriend got a breakfast burrito and had the same opinion. You can eat GOOD Mexican food here for a cheap price.
4	Chicken Burrito is usually pretty good! This past time it had a little too much rice and not enough chicken and sauce. I would go back again...
5	Great mexican in a solid location. It is small but was not busy on a Tuesday night. Must go in prepared...recommend blackened chicken tacos and the fish tacos. Cannot wait to return. Best authentic mexican in Scottsdale.
5	This is definitely my local go to taco spot! Best tacos and great prices. Most tacos are $2.50 each and they are loaded up with meat. I usually always go with the carnitas and their red sauce. They have a good habanero and green salsa as well. I've taken others that have gone with the crane asada or chicken and never heard anything but positive feedback on it. They will also do catering on short notice. I had my team working on a Saturday at the office and was able to call him that morning and got the food delivered by 11am to our office. Everyone absolutely loved the food and asked that we use them again in the future instead of the other spots we've used in the past. Service is always great as well. It's a order at the counter type of setup but they will let you leave the tab open and serve you in case you want to order drinks or more food because you loved the first plate so much.
4	The food here is excellent and I love going there. The only problem I seem to always have is with the kid's menu. I realize this is a mexican place, but my daughter will only eat chicken fingers and fries when we're there. The fries are always undercooked and greasy and the last time, the fryer was closed down.  I got her a plain chicken taco. Basically, she had no dinner that night. The staff is always super friendly and I want to eat there every day, but the kids options can be a little tricky.
5	We visit Scottsdale for at least one week every year and for the first time investigated Habanero's. After our visit it will not be our last time eating in this excellent restaurant. Coming from Southern California we are well acquainted with Mexican cuisine, and used to "hole in the wall" or strip mall places. Habanero's is as good or better than anything I've had in the price range. I had the Parrillada combination of meats and all were fantastic. I tried my daughters ground beef burrito and it was very tasty as well. Great food, great value.
4	These guys do a great job on the service as well as the food. I've eaten here about 6 times and have had a verity of items. The grilled fish tacos are very good and I suggest trying those. But watch that habanero's sauce you'll feel it the next day if you know what I mean. It is hot stuff!   The place is a bit out of the view and hard to find...I always get northsight and hayden mixed up. I like the open kitchen so I can see what the cook is doing too. They serve beer, wine and hard liquor as well.
5	Its my new favorite spot! Cute, small atmosphere! I ordered the carne asada tacos and blackened chicken tacos, both with corn tortillas.  The carne asada taco had a little too much lettuce, but the steak was flavorful! The blackened chicken tacos were so good, it was like a explosion in my mouth! I think the next time I come here I would definitely get the chicken tacos with flour tortillas! I would definitely recommend this place to my friends!
3	Tasty food, very affordable. Only downside are the plastic plates that are warped. Blackened shrimp taco was great, tho overpriced compared to other items on menu. Chicken chimichanga style was also pretty good. Overall 3/5.  Will be going back again soon.
5	Blackened chicken tacos & carnitas tacos are my extreme favorite . Add cabbage & green sauce to both & its a date .
5	One of my favorites.  Try the parrillada.  It's always tasty and very filling.  Great staff that is always very accommodating.  I always enjoy the ice cold draft beer with dinner.
3	Came here for lunch with some coworkers.  The place was pretty packed - we waited about 20 minutes for our food to finally come out.  The food was pretty decent.  I had the chicken fajita and it was very tasty and made me very full.  I'll try the nachos next time as my coworker had it and it looked fantastic!
3	It's ok. I've been there 2x's. next time I'm getting the dish with the eggs on top. It look delicious.
5	Great food, clean environment, friendly and fast service! The guacamole was very fresh. All of the food was well prepared. Would recommend.
5	Yum. Co-worker brought me here for lunch and this was a great spot. They are usually jam packed and nothing was different today. They are quick to get your order and quick to get it out, but the best part is that they cook everything right there when you order it. You can go to places like Chipotle and get things out of the steam tables and they are ok-not great not bad, but you can go to a place like this and get something fresh and great for lunch. They also cater so I will probably be ordered for our office at some point.I got the ground beef taco and chicken quesadilla and he got the carne asada taco and a quesadilla but I can't remember the meat he had, either way we were both pleased.I was really pleased with everything and their friendly service also says a lot to me too.
4	Good food, great prices.  They handled our large group with no reservations very well.  Recommend!
5	We were vacationers looking for a quick, but good Mexican meal after a hike. This place did not disappoint. We ordered the Parrillada for two, with extra guac and chips. Everything was delicious. The chicken was good, and all other meats on the dish (beef, chorizo, carnitas) were excellent. If anything, we ordered too much food, but gladly ate nearly all of it. The medium and spicy salsas had both flavor and heat. The wait staff is helpful and friendly. Not sure how this place ranks among locals, but for visitors not used to authentic Mexican fare, who are looking for a quick and reasonably priced meal, this is the place.
5	I LOVE this joint!  Great food, amazing family that owns and operates it.  Bonus:  one of the few places that the entire family agrees on. I have tried numerous menu items and have loved every one. This is a small restaurant in a strip mall, but it is one of the best local Mexican restaurants around. Try their takeout some time.  Just as good as eating it there!!!
4	Great food, awesome taste and great customer service! So happy there right around the corner and quick.
4	Relaxing, Not Loud, Very Friendly Service.Carne Asada Fajita was solid, not the best ever, but really good.  Chips, Salsa, Guac for starters was great.  They are not cheap with the Guac you get a great portion with your entree and your chips.  Best part you can do your own free refills!Get the sopapilla's for dessert.  You get 3 big ones.  Saved one for the next morning's coffee.
4	Great little Mexican  joint. Reminds me of rocky point a bit. The owner is usually there and he's a really nice guy. Love supporting small business especially when the product is worth it.
1	Was not impressed. The food wasn't good - chips and salsa weren't good (how can you have bad chips and salsa?!?), quesadillas weren't good. Went for lunch and the place was dead...probably for a good reason. Definitely won't be going back. There are much better Mexican places in the area!
4	Habaneros has some good stuff. I enjoy the carne asada burros and tacos. I've gone with people who have gotten the breakfast burrito before and they loved it. A buddy always gets the taco salad, he says it's the best! Friendly staff and pretty quick service keep us coming back for more.
5	This place was awesome! The family took a Yelp leap of faith after caving some Mexican food and we were not disappointed.  It was tucked back in a half-vacant shopping center but had a steady stream of customers all night.  All cooked to order, great selection of tacos (and everything else).  GUAC WAS FANTASTIC!! Their green salsa was really good too.  Good draft beer selection and really strong lineup of tequila.  Our family of four was in and out of here for less than what Chipotle would run us and this was way fresher / better. This will definitely be or new Mexican place going forward!!!
5	By far, the freshest, best tasting Mexican food around. I live on Mexican food and this is THE spot. Recommend the quesadilla with chipotle space and the taco salad with deep fried tortilla shell!
4	As with most things in Phoenix, it opens later than expected (9:00 am).  We're used to 5:00 am for breakfast burrito places.  My husband had a green chili sausage breakfast burrito and loved it.  Good salsas too.
5	This place blew me away!! It's a small place, a few tables and a bar. I went during the lunch hour and all the tables were full and after I ordered there were more people pouring in. I got the parrallidas. It's an amazing fajita type plate with grilled potatoes, chorizo, carnitas, chicken and steak. The corn tortillas were warm and the guacamole was fresh! Their green salsa was delicious and putting all those ingredients together totally exceeded my expectations. I will definitely be coming here often!
2	After reading so many reviews on how great and authentic this place was,  we were very disappointed.  The salsa was not Bueno and neither was the food.  We were highly disappointed,  as everything from the guacamole  to the flautas tasted like onions.  The service was great and if the food had been decent,  we would be back often!
5	Great food and service.. Everything made to order.  Love the carnitas burro! Both salsa's are fresh and tasty. Chips are also outstanding..
5	Best Veggie Burrito around!  The Staff is always friendly and kind and quick.  The restaurant isn't so easy on the eyes, but really great places seem to roll that way.  I would recommend calling in your order in advance if you want it TO GO.  Not much room to sit around and wait for it to be done.  My GO TO place for lunch when I am craving Mexican!
4	Currently enjoying my first meal here. I'm a simple eater and chose the bean and cheese burrito; simple but delicious! Only thing I found a little weird was the plates. They were a little kiddish but no matter this is definitely a nice joint to eat at!
5	Blackened fish burrito special was huge and delicious, guacamole was chunky and fresh, and the house margarita was large and tasty.  Great value for money, and the service was kind and attentive as well.  Could not have been happier!
5	Just had lunch there today @ 11:25 (on a Monday) or so. I give a specific time because boy was it packed in there. When I got there the line was a just out the door.The food was great!Wife had fish tacos and I had carnitas de jalisco. Food was great, seriously.Just too bad the seating is limited and it's a popular place to eat obviously.Staff was pretty friendly with a genuine smile.
5	I love this place and have been coming here since they opened.  Never had a bad meal and the owners treat you like family.  Highly recommended for those who enjoy good Mexican food!!  I get the carnitas and black bean burrito and it has never failed!
4	Really good glad we came here
4	Very nice blackened shrimp taco and chicken taco. The guacamole was heavenly. Cool place with a nice atmosphere. Go there.
5	Fresh guacamole smothered on juicy carne asada wrapped in a wheat tortilla.  Awesome!
5	Dear Habanero's ,I love you !! This place has got to be one of the better Mexican food places I've found since moving here from Cali. Everyone who works here is always friendly and the food always comes out fast. I love the blackened chicken burrito and the blackened chicken nachos. Everything I have tried on their menu so far has been pretty damn good.
5	For living in arizona, it's really tough to find some decent, authentic mexican food in the north scottsdale locale thus when I tried this play for the first time I was blown away. The blackened chicken is so moist and delicious, the carne asada is flavorful, and the best part of all, there is no need to run directly to the restroom after eating. BAM! This place has just been marked as my go to mexican food in the valley. Keep it up guys.
5	Food was great, staff really friendly.  Really like that the staff know some of there customers my name.  Feels like home and food taste home cooked... Will definitely be returning.
5	The food here is absolutely amazing and so is the staff! The breakfast burrito is one of my favorite things but there tacos and regular burritos are also amazing. I have never been disappointed with the food here. Even the fish tacos are amazing. The only thing that is missing is the Mexican rice and re fried beans. They have rice and beans but i like a more creamy re-fried bean almost like a dip.
4	Ok, i know I am Hispanic but I had never had a parillada before. WHAT?Ordered this tasty little dish for my husband and i to share (the 2-person parillada) Steak, Chicken, Chorizo, Shrimp, Potatoes, Onions, Jalapenos, Tomatoes all grilled up and served on a chafing/ grill dish. Served with a side of  beans, rice, tortillas, guacamole for each person. All this and a happy hour Modelo beer for $2. Had some sopapillas (deep fried flour puffs with sugar and honey) for dessert and thought they were ok.Thank you for a fantastic meal, Habaneros! We are now loyal fans!
5	Awesome breakfast.  Had a burrito and DH had the scramble with chorizo.  Both made to order.  Fresh ingredients and spicy red and green salsa.  Always friendly service.
5	I have been coming here for over a year but sadly have only had one item... Carne Asada Burrito.  This is THE BEST carne asada burrito I have ever had!
5	Thank you yelp for finding an excellent Mexican restaurant!  Great food cooked to order. Will definitely be back.
5	Habanero's, Besame Mucho. That's a perfect theme song for this restaurant. I've been eating here for the last five years and I see it's been about 4 years since I last reviewed Habanero's.This is a family owned restaurant in which they also opened up a location at Shea & Scottsdale Rd about 18 months ago. I've had just about everything on the menu and everything is delicious. If they don't have what you're looking for on the menu then just ask. They will cook it for you. Is your hot sauce too gringoized for you. Tell them to put more heat in it. No problema, gringo.A few of my favorite dishes are the Carnitas Enchilada style. I couldn't tell you what enchilada style means, but I like it. This Burrito is packed full of carnitas meat and the  other goodies that you normally find in a burrito. Besame Mucho!I also really like the Buenos Nachos with the carnitas. If you haven't picked up on this yet, I really love carnitas. These are basially nachos covered with cheese, cilantro, jalapenos, tomatoes, onions, refried beans and of course a generous dose of carnitas. I usually share this dish with my wife at lunch time. Besame Mucho!My absolute favorite is the Parrillada. The menu board says 1-3 servings available. But since no one's willing to share in our family of four I order the Parrillada for four. Remember, if you don't see it on the menu, ask. This dish comes with Carnitas, Chicken, Steak and Chorizo along with home fry style potatoes, onions, tomatoes, hot peppers, beans, guacamole and sour cream. And don't forget the rice and tortillas. My wife always substitutes the beans with the rice. And the kids don't like the sour cream and guacamole so they leave that off their plates. So you can see how accommodating the staff is at Habanero's. Besame Mucho!They also serve adult beverages which include Mexican Beer and drinks like Tequila, etc. The owner and his staff are really nice people and they serve you great food at an affordable price point. Try them out. Besame Mucho!
4	Our first visit to this Habanero's location, in a strip mall near the Scottsdale Gun Club.We opted to go with the table service although you can also choose to order at the counter fast-food style. Our server was friendly, helpful and attentive. You pay $1.29 for a basket of chips and 3 salsas which is a reasonable price for the quantity you receive, but they are just room temperature chips from a bag and the salsas, although very tasty, were extremely thin in consistency. We didn't eat a whole lot of them because it was like dipping chips in bowls of soup broth.The carnitas burrito and chicken fajita burrito that we ordered were outstanding. They were a fairly large size, piping hot, loaded with a generous portion of really flavorful, moist meat. We would not hesitate to order either one of those again. Overall, a really pleasant experience!
4	Good food!
4	Went here after reading the Yelp reviews and after visiting the Scottsdale Gun Club.  Best Tex-Mex atyle restaurant in Scottsdale,  hands down. Nice family run place, not a chain. Good prices too. Trying to talk my wife into going back two days in a row! Yum.
4	The food was very good and the waitress was very pleasant.  The restaurant was clean.  The place was ideal for visiting with family and friends.  I would definitely return.
5	Awesome! This little hole in the wall Mexican place is the best.  Love the blackened shrimp tacos and my husband always gets the chicken burrito.  So good!
5	My coworkers & I often come here for lunch and we love it! I recommend the carne asada tacos with a side of guac, YUM. Maria & Abel are absolutely wonderful and their service is always prompt and attentive :)
5	Aqui encontraras un servicio excelente! Very friendly staff and delicious food as well. Food is made to order in plain view which i always enjoy. I tried the carnitas burrito enchilada style and loved it.
4	I haven't tried much, but what I have tried was excellent. The chicken fajitas, refried beans, and guacamole are all awesome. I also love the Horchata drink machine! Yum!!
3	Habanero's is a small storefront with about six tables inside and another five on a patio.  You order at a counter and the food is brought to your table.  We've all done that before - no problem.  The menu is pretty standard Mexican, with tacos, burritos, a few platters that include rice and beans, chips and salsa, and guacamole.  There's no sense commenting on the service because there basically isn't any.  Ditto ambiance.  You just come here to satisfy your hunger.So it all comes down to the food, and at Habanero's it's not bad, but it's not really good either.  Better than Taco Bell but not as good as a dozen sitdown Mexican restaurants in the area, and really not much cheaper.  Why go here?
5	Best carne asade burrito ive ever had! They cook the steak for your burrittos right in front of you! Everythig is fresh! They dont even have a freezer. Ill mever go to chipotle again
5	Found this spot and it was well worth it! The carnitas de Jalisco were excellent!!!! They were cooked just right. The flour tortillas are homemade. The service and staff were fast and friendly.
3	I don't get what all the craze is about. My burrito was just okay---I had better burritos in Boston which doesn't really say much about haberneros. It's better than all the chain burrito places but it doesn't leave me saying "wow. That was good."
5	Well, I have to say that I am not fast food eater and I like to seat and read menu, and service of course . Stopped here right after celebration New Year, I was hungry. It looks like fast food, you must order at a counter, but full bar & serve to table. I ordered fajitas with two eggs in top, no problem! Food was soooooo delusionsssssssssss , eggs great, chicken great, veggies just right ... not over cooked , not undercooked! With margaritas! Let new year get started !!!!!!
