5	City North is finally complete and it comes with its very own coffee shop.  For having been open a month or so the place has a dozen or so patrons milling around at all hours of the day.  I stopped by because I was tired of going to Starbucks and I've been coming here to work and enjoy hot beverages ever since.  WIFI is free for patrons but the crowd is more upscale than techy.What do they serve you ask? Everything coffee, tea, chocolate, imported beer and wine.  Plus a great lunch menu of fresh sandwiches and salads that could pass for a decent meal at a gourmet bistro.  The coffee tastes great, not burned or excessively sweet.  You even get to drink it out of those cool San Francisco style over sized mugs.  The wine selection is around 30 different light and dark bottles between $5 and $16 a glass.  Check out their periodic wine tastings.Food and drink aside any good cafe needs good atmosphere, and this one blows everything I've seen out of the water.  I genuinely want to be here at all times of the day.  Located on a quiet corner of the shops the large windows open during warm days onto a shaded terrace.  Facing the windows is a great granite bar with tall stools for sipping lattes and working on your Mac laptop.  Great for people watching.  Towards the back is a large oak table for group meetings while the front of the shop has a comfortable leather couch for relaxing.  The whole space is well lit by soft light thats easy to read by but elicits the best cafe atmosphere.  Evening include candle light, has to be seen to get the full effect. The music playing in the background is very good and the staff is absolutely amazing.I've been here three times and already I'm on a first name basis with a few of the employees.  They're informed, helpful, and eager to make sure you have the best experience possible.  Its like this place has been a local spot for years.So if you live in the north valley, skip Desert Ridge, forget Starbucks, and head straight to Press at City North.  Plus theres a Kona Grill within walking distance so you can spend all day here then go out for the evening.  I reserve my limited review time for places that absolutely positively rock, this is not an exception.
4	Thought I would stop by here for lunch. I'm not sure if it's because it's New Years Eve or what but pretty much the whole City North area was dead. It gave me a weird vibe....but my good soup was worthy of the ghost town atmosphere. In my opinion, Press can definitely replace Starbucks at all these Scottsdale/Phoenix shopping/dining/living areas.  Plus they actually have a lunch menu that is worthy of sampling, so I was psyched!  They had 2 great soups....I had the roasted red pepper and gouda bisque. The gouda totally calmed the red peppery-ness down, yummy! They had a great selection of not your average sandwich- sandwiches. Naturally I had to have "their" version of the grilled cheese. I being the grilled cheese connoisseur, was not that impressed. It was served on a rosemary flat bread that also had a layer of bread between the cheeses. I could do with out that extra layer. Maybe more cheese instead of the bread layer. I will come back just to try another of their soups, have some wine and sit in the sun and Yelp on my laptop. Hopefully next time there will be more people around so I don't get that weird ghost town vibe.
5	Chai is alive and well, and living at City Center at City North.I had been dating a gal name Starbucks for the past few years. She was a plain gal, generic if you will.  She was dependable and available. I was feeling as if i needed more out of my relationship, as you can imagine. So, at times, I would cheat on my gal with another gal named Coffee Bean. Coffee Bean was Kosher and a bit edgier, yet had a leaner list of qualities. I needed more out of my relationships. They say that when you're not looking for someone new, they appear. Well, that was the case with my new crush named Press. I had been to High Street for dinner Kona Grill, yet most of the other shops and restaurants were closed or not yet open for business at the time. I ventured back during daytime hours to give them another opportunity.  I had heard about Press, so I was more than excited to give it a go. At this point I was still making caffeine a part of my diet, so i ordered something called a "Dirty Chai." This was a Chai with espresso shots. Press uses a powdered Chai which, in my opinion, works better than the liquid or tea bag forms. I was also given the option to have my frothy delight in a ceramic cup.  I opted for that.  I felt like i was having the type of coffee house experience I had only just imagined. Press occupies a well appointed space, too.  From the wood and granite, to the stained concrete floors, I felt as if i were in a European city, not a Phoenix strip mall. The free wi-fi is a major plus, in my opinion. Press goes as far as to have a "dog friendly" cart outside, in its ample outdoor seating area. I spoke with Steve, the owner of Press, at length.  In talking, I asked how Press came to be, and he said that his wife had wanted to open a coffee shop one day.  Well Steve, you have certainly exceeded her expectations, as well as the residents of the Greater Phoenix area. By the way, Press serves sandwiches and soups, as well as an extensive list of wines. Check it out, the staff will make you feel at home, or like you're on vacation in the cozy European city of your choice.
5	I spend the better part of two hours at Press yesterday in CityCenter at CityNorth.  This is an awesome, locally owned coffee and wine joint.  When I pulled into CityCenter on Saturday morning, it was pretty quiet as I drove through the still under development shopping center.  I easily found a parking spot just outside Press and headed inside.  I was immediately greeted by two different employees with big smiles and "How are you this morning!?".  Good first impression.  The space is casually upscale and feels very comfortable with couches up front, a long laptop bar along the side and a large group table in the back.  The patio outside is awesome as well and "pet friendly".  One of the employees told me they are planning a Doggy Dinner in a couple weeks out the patio and that they already have sold out.  Pretty unique and neighborhood friendly idea.I ordered a small Americano which was served right up and headed outside to sit on the patio and enjoy the sun.  Free wi-fi is provided (90 minutes with a code provided at purchase) and I enjoyed surfing around while soaking up the beautiful morning.  The place was lively the entire time I was there with families, couples, and a few dogs out of the patio.  Good vibe.I decided to try out the Chai that I had read about in Marc's review and it was really great.  I also ordered the Club Panini which was served with some chips and a sweet pickle.  Great sandwich.  Simple, clean, perfect Saturday afternoon Bistro food.I didn't sample any of the wine but I did talk to the owner Steve for a while about the evenings and it sounds like they have a real passion for wine and the wine bar experience.  If it is as good as the coffee/morning experience, it must be great.  I need to plan a trip back to enjoy a few glasses soon.Press is a great addition to the local coffee/wine scene.  If I lived closer by, this would be my hangout for sure.
4	((Edit - corrected coffee source))Great place.  Really really cool inside.  I was just struck altogether by how cool the place was.  I sampled a tea (no coffee in the evening for me sadly) and it was great - they use Italian Miscela d'Oro beans, so I'm sure they're high quality.  I didn't get to see any of the wines they had, or beers, but I'm really curious to see pricing and variety info.  I wish they had longer evening hours, and maybe more lounge space - it's definitely not a big coffee shop.  I'll definitely be coming back here soon, it's just that cool.  And in my area, we're having major problems keeping actually cool coffee shops going.  Maybe the alcohol factor will win out here.  It was certainly jumping when I was there.  A wine tasting and a latte art competition (yes, seriously) on the same night - made for a zoo.
4	Yelpers bombarded Press today for our February Yelp Office Hours, and I am happy to report that Press took amazing care of us!  I'd heard good things about Press prior to my visit today; hence one of the reasons for planning office hours at this particular location.  Plus, it was time to do something in the North Phoenix area.  Press did not disappoint!I had an iced tea and a veggie flatbread sandwich.  The sandwich was ok - it was served with mixed greens.  I would go more for the beverages and snacks than the food itself... and the atmosphere of course.  I like that they serve Diet Coke and other beverages to choose from since not everyone is into coffee and tea.  The service was attentive and friendly, we had a large communal table, free wifi, and clean bathrooms to boot.  Oh, and outside seating.  What more can you ask for?!Thanks Carrie and Brian (the managers) for taking such good care of our group today... I know I'll be back again soon.  (Even if I have to drive a few extra miles).
4	What a nice experience for my first time up in North Phoenix. Janelle H pointed out that City North may be negatively impacted by the depressed economy in searching for leasees for this new shopping center, but I have to say that the concept is charming and makes me want to stroll up and down High Street, possibly with a parasol. Uh anyway, PCFW is also a charming little coffee shop that utilizes its space well and feels at once airy and cozy. The huge table at the back seems tailor-made for Yelp gatherings and I got to meet some great yelpers, sip coffee, eat a cupcake and get a super secret ceviche tip that I will cherish forever. I ordered a regular old coffee, because anyone can fancy up coffee drinks with syrups, foams and loads of milk, but the test of a coffee shop should be its pure unadulterated drip/press. I went for a half-decaf and thought the taste was still rich and not at all bitter (which happens when the machines aren't cleaned, yuck!). I also didn't vibrate home so it wasn't overly steeped and I very much appreciated that. PCFW had a tasty-looking menu, namely the red pepper and smoked gouda soup and in the bakery case, a slice of chocolate cake that looked like pure fudge. I would go back for both items...but I didn't order either because Sarah G bewitched me with carrot cake cupcakes. The outdoor seating is made that much more pleasant because of the corner unit location as you don't have to wave away exhaust fumes whilst enjoying friends and a good coffee.
5	I got a chance to try the coffee here, and I was very pleased.  Great, smooth flavor, lovely latte art, and friendly service.  They need a trash can within view of the patio, though.  I don't know if I was just really confused or what, but I completely missed it if there is one.  I had to walk all the way back inside to throw a few pieces of trash away.  This is a great place, now I just have to check out the alcohol options!
4	Steve and the gang at PCFW are outstanding - free wifi, an endless cup o' coffee and you have the makings of an awesome experience in City North.I've taken to driving past the SB's (I pass three of them on the way) and scheduling all my N. Phx meetings there.
5	Man, I have to say, I love this place. Especially on my side of town, with such a lack of good java houses, Press is tops. I like it so much I even took the glamour shots (ha!) for my website at Press. My girlfriend and I have been going to Press since they opened their doors in November and it's like our little Central Perk. The staff, from owner Steve all the way down to the baristas, is an excellent group of lovely people that know their java and help give the spot a welcoming feel. The espresso is creamy and caramelly, just like it should be. I love how they've incorporated coffee, food, wine and even beer into their repertoire. The paninis are excellent and the pastries are possibly even better (I've only tried the brownie, but wow, it was good - warm and gooey with a nice crispy crust). Sign up for the Press newsletter on their website (presscfw.com) - they have a lot of fun events that go on all month long that you should know about (think coffee tastings, wine and food pairings, singles nights, bring your pets events, latte throwdowns and even an upcoming comedy show). Good luck finding any coffee spot better than this on the north side.
5	I finally checked out Press for the first time last night and was very impressed. The staff was incredibly helpful, the store was laid out well, service was quick, and the patio is a nice hangout. The staff told my friend that they have the best latte in town. I am a latte freak, so I bit and decided to try it out. Not only was the latte amazing, but they also spent an extra few minutes explaining the latte-making process and then attempted to make some cool shapes with the milk. AWESOME.I am so, so glad to see a decent coffee place on this side of town. They have a great product and it's great people watching out on the patio. I definitely want to go back with friends and have a glass of wine. Now, if they would only stay open later than 9...
4	What a treat to have Press within walking distance of my house!! After walking by a few times and from the Yelp reviews, I convinced the BF that we should skip Sbucks for a day and give it a try! I am so glad we did as it is as great as described by the other Yelpers! All the staff is extremely helpful, nice and overall, super pleasant! The chai tea (both hot and iced) is probably the best I have had in P-town! The BF really likes their regular lattes as well, but he would tell you to ask for it extra hot if you like hot lattes! (Cool shapes with the milk too!)They carry a great assortment of wines, including the bottle I just drank at Razz's a couple weeks ago, which is really hard to find. They also do a lot of events (BBQ's, dog events etc) that seem like fun and I can tell there is already a 'local' group that hangs out there on the weekend mornings. Another bonus is they are super dog friendly! Bernie will definitely enjoy some time there on the patio (at least when it cools off!) Can't wait for my next latte!!
4	I stumbled on to Press a couple months ago and was very pleasantly surprised. It really is great to have a "real" coffee shop close to where I live. I really love every aspect o their menu and the spectacular atmosphere. The coffee is great, service is outstanding and the atmosphere is perfect. Great job guys on a great place to chill, eat, drink and hang out.
4	Excellent doppio and drip coffee this morning at Press Coffee, though the naughty side of me wanted a pint of Tripel Karmeliet, Lindeman's Framboise Lambic, New Belgium Mothership Witbier, or Great Divide Pale Ale.  Cafe light breakfasts were served to some patrons, and most observations I had were of little English muffin egg sandwiches with assorted toppings inside.Coffee is the main focus here, at least by decor and by what most people were drinking this morning, and you can't resist noticing the craft beer taps as you enter the place.  Not terribly busy as this place hasn't fully been discovered, or really becacuse this area isn't fully developed yet.  Enjoy it while you can.
5	Hands down the best coffee shop in Scottsdale! I can easily spend my entire afternoon here. This place has wonderful coffee, my favorite being the Toddy, a cold brewed coffee that is 67% less acidic than a regular coffee and has more caffeine to boot! The staff is incredibly friendly, and the owner, Steve is always there making the place welcoming and fun. The walls are decorated with artwork from local artists for sale, and they offer "doggie dine-in's" periodically on the patio. Fun and relaxing, I would recommend this place to everyone!
5	Not that I can add anything more to what has already been said, but this place rocks. High caliber people running the show and working there. Always great stuff coming from the kitchen and the coffee pots. I have never had anything bad here. It is added bonus that these people are the bright spot in a City North that desperately needed something good to overshadow the lame (especially across the street). Their special events are a must. I must note that I have never been to an event there, but given that everything these peeps touch glosses over with gold,  I believe my fellow yelpers are raving about. Kudos to you Press. I love you.
4	I had a business meeting a few days ago...OK, it was over a week ago (I am just now catching up on my yelping...I make it sound like a commitment, but really...it's entertaining to write about food, events, hotels and all the rest of the yelp worthy universe as opposed to writing about money, marketing, software, money, technology, legal issues, money and mostly...money:)We selected Press Coffee as the rendezvous.I had not been there (and in fact, I hadn't made the right turn off the 101 to swing by City North).Press Coffee is a very nice coffee house/wine bar. They serve a decent cup of coffee, have nice selection of breakfast pastries and breakfast food goodies. They seem to have a reasonable wine selection, and the menu to complement the wines (much, I suppose like Sportsman's, but frankly not as extensive a wine selection).The atmosphere is also really pleasant...open, airy and comfortable inside with a huge patio (where we had our coffee) outside.It looks like they have a number of events at Press, to generate some traffic...and Press needs traffic!As pleasant as Press is, when I walked in at 7:00 am, I was the only person in the place...in fact, until my associate showed up, I may have been the only person (other than the guy behind the counter) moving in City North.We sat outside on the patio by the front door for nearly 2 hours and saw maybe 10 people go into Press...that can't be good!In all candor, I haven't been there in the evening and maybe the joint jumps at night.But, it doesn't seem like a lot of people live there and it really doesn't seem like a destination (about 5 stores all selling women's clothing or shoes, as near as I could tell...along with a couple of restaurants that are open and a few places that are "under construction"...with nobody actually constructing).Although Press makes a good cup of coffee and they have a wine bar, it frankly won't be in my regular rotation.It's a long way out there and even if I'm in the neighborhood, there are more shops, restaurants, coffee shops, wine bars and the rest 2 miles in either direction at Desert Ridge or Keirland, so there isn't much reason to take the 56th St. exit.Sadly.
4	This is the kind of place that could be the perfect neighborhood gathering spot, if only it weren't in a half-dead shopping center and people actually took the time to sit around in coffee shops like they did on Friends and Frasier. The space is inviting, the staff is friendly, and the food is good. The tuna panini on flatbread was delicious, while the PB&J had great strawberry jam but was a little overpriced at $5 (I could make 5 PB&Js for $5, even with high-quality peanut butter, jelly, and bread). I didn't try the coffee (yet...I'll definitely be back to try it) but the homemade raspberry mango lemonade was terrific, so I'm guessing the rest of their beverages are equally as good. If CityNorth manages to stay alive, this place will be a welcome addition to the neighborhood!
4	This is a really nice coffee shop and restaurant tucked away in a corner toward the east end of City North. They have great food, wine and, well of course, coffee. We were there last Saturday and they had live music as well as an artist. April Howland from Howland Studios was there painting and giving a live demonstration. I am not certain how often they have music and an artist but if you managed to catch them one of these nights, you won't be disappointed. Also, make sure you try one of their fruit smoothies. They are simply amazing.
3	More like 3.5 stars...We went here one mid-week morning about a week ago.  I had read the reviews and looked at the menu online and thought this place would be right up my alley.  First thought when we drove down High Street?  Plenty of good parking spots still available!  Actually, there was a parking lot on the north side that I was unaware of that had some cars, but the only people in Press was a quartet of PHX police officers.  I wanted to try one of their breakfast sandwiches but was disappointed in the lack of non-pork meat offerings on the sandwiches.  Would have been great if the server had asked if would like a sandwich w/ no meat for a discount, but he didn't.  Guess I could have asked...  Instead I got a chocolate chip muffin.  It was fine (nice touch that I had the option of them warming it up so the chocolate was nice and melty).  The coffee was just okay, nothing special but nothing wrong with it.We ate outside, as their patio is shaded from the sun at the time we were there.  I enjoyed the patio (and the interior as well).  Very nice atmosphere.  I'm sure this will be a great place to go if (when?) CityNorth ever really gets going.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that there was a slow (but steady) stream of employees coming to some of the offices located there.I will probably go back, either for a late night coffee, or maybe even a lunch as they had some interesting things on the menu.  3.5 stars rounded down to 3.
5	I would love to keep this short and to the point. Press is amazing! Such a unique concept of Coffee meets Wine with a friendly, relaxed atmosphere! I tend to go every Sunday morning to read the paper, a drink and some good. Try the  Iced Toddy, which is their version of Iced Coffee and is specially brewed to not be watered down. This drink makes Starbucks taste like water, and ever since, I can not bring myself to go back to Starbucks (not that their coffee was good anyway). The staff is so friendly- after going just a few short times, they know your name and what you like to eat and drink. Try the Steal-cut Oatmeal or Breakfast Burritos! You will absolutely fall in love with Press... and it's dog friendly too! Woof!
5	I work right down the street from Press and have been a huge fan from my very first visit! The staff is unbelievably friendly and extremely passionate about their craft! Everything from the food to the coffee is first rate! They always accommodate my special requests (a little more of this, none of that) and always make good suggestions when I'm looking for something new. I love the yogurt and granola parfait (strawberry and vanilla yogurt for me with a bit of honey and light granola) for breakfast with a white chocolate latte. Also, the breakfast burritos are perfectly creative and filling. For lunch, my favorite is the cactus club panini with a small side salad. Also worth mentioning is that they have the VERY BEST iced coffee around. They call it an iced toddy and any one of the employees would be happy to tell you how it is different from regular coffee. I just know that it tastes amazing and seems to have a bit more of a caffeine kick!  My favorite part about Press are their delectable desserts! The berry mascarpone cake pretty much makes you feel like you've won the lottery. And the ghirardelli brownies and chocolate chip cookies (warmed up) are a weekly addiction of mine.  Starbucks is a thing of the past. I'm lucky to be in close proximity to Press, but I think I would even make the drive just for that mascarpone cake!
4	Lattes, Mochas and the MOCHA MALT they have in the summer - OMG.The staff and the food is AWESOME as well.  One of the best coffee shops in town, hands down.
5	I know the name of this place is "Press Coffee Food Wine", but I just like to say "Press Coffee Wine" because I come here for coffee and wine most of the time. Typically the food is an afterthought... and lucky for me it's a delicious one!But there is one thing that stands out.Coffee. Coffee. Coffee.It stands out so much, I drive from Tempe to get Press.We live in a world of relativity so it seems only natural I have to mention Lux. Yes Lux is closer and I do like Lux. However, Lux makes me feel AND ACT like a crack addict after I've had their coffee. Forget getting any work done, I need to run a million miles afterward.Press on the other hand? Their coffee is like... smooth jazz. Try the regular latte with whole milk. No sugar. No syrup. Just pure fabulous gloriousness. You'll quickly realize that coffee is truly an artform at Press.
4	A friend of mine recommended I check out this coffee shop so I decided to swing by on a lazy Friday afternoon.  I like the layout, the location, the interior and you really feel welcome at this coffee shop.  Awesome!I perused the menu and picked out a chai tea.  It came out beautifully frothy and smooth.  As I was checking out the artwork on the walls (which are for sale btw) and the huge table in the back area of the shop (which I want for my next house), I noticed some distinct names on the  wines.  The names?  Kungfu Girl on one bottle and Bitch on another.  Haha!  I picked up one of each to add to the wine rack and was pleasantly surprised later to hear from friends that the two bottles were quite tasty.  :) Sweet.
5	Today was the second visit for me to Press Coffee in the new City North Shopping center. By far best coffee I have had in town. I must admit I'm a frequent visitor to Starbucks because there are about 3 within 2 miles of my house, however if you are looking for a quality cup of coffee....Press is your place. I'm a big fan of supporting the local coffee shop and hope you will too. Even if it is a little out of the way for you it will be worth it for your morning or even afternoon coffee fix. I haven't tried the food yet but from what I saw they have some mighty fine looking homemade sandwiches and pastries. They also sell wine by the bottle if your day is calling for that kinda fix. So support the local mom and pop shops and give Press Coffee a shot. Oh, and by the way, my soy cappuccino was $.10 cheaper than Starbucks. Start saving today!
5	I can't say much that others haven't. The wine and coffee bar combo is genius. Lots of local hanging out on Sunday afternoons. Love it.
3	It's an okay place to spend a Sunday morning, but I wouldn't go out of my way.  I wonder if I got a bad batch of coffee, because even this strong coffee lover thought it was waaaay too strong.  Nearly emptied out their skim before it got to a drinkable strength, and by then it was cold.  The "fresh baked" muffins were very good, but they would only put one muffin of each flavor at a time in the display case, which made them look pitiful and not so fresh.On the positive side, the staff was friendly and efficient.  The place was clean and nice and sunny, with coffee house decor you'd expect.  Don't know what they put in their water, but the other customers were all really attractive.  Hope some rubbed off.
4	Looking for a good non-Starbucks coffee to start your day? You've found your place! I have been on the hunt like a coffee-deprived madwoman looking for a good non-chain coffee house to make my own. Press is my spot. With complimentary wi-fi, a friendly staff, and choice tunes, I could spend all day pretending to be an online blogger at work. (if only, all my dreams) Best part of the coffee house?.... They have a fantastic chocolate cake. After a long day, or even before, I feel rejuvenated after a visit to Press. Another HUGE deal... the loose leaf teas... grab one on ice, I promise you won't be disappointed you did.
5	I heard about Press through a search trying to find local (non-chain) coffee houses. Yes Press is all that.. a bean/barista aficionado goodness. Yes it is difficult to find up at City North, next to the overshadowing drone of Desert Ridge...Ok but enough about that. My great gal pal and I went on the hunt for some splendid coffee. I always try the Cafe Mocha, because I feel this is a true test of a coffee house (that is my own weird test, but a good one). The Barista TOOK TIME to make the coffee! WOWEE! That alone was impressive, in the world of fast food and fast coffee somewhere care has been lost. This man cares about his coffee. And the result was glorious, not too hot, not sticky sweet, but a perfect coffee and mocha blend...ahh. The Egg Sandwich was lovely too...and once again the chef (took their time) to make something. So the question is will I go back? Yes. I am sad that it is at City North (a virtual ghost town) but I am riveted by a good, make that great cup of joe. I may need to try the wine as well....hum.
5	Pros - the iced coffee is really good, the service is very friendly, they offer the syrup sweetener which is key for iced drinks, you can purchase decent bottles of wine to consume as wellCons - noneIt might have been the beautiful days or the company I was with, but the 3-4 times I've been here, I left a happy camper.  My GF and I have made this place our regular coffee spot when we have time on the weekends to unwind.  The last few times the weather has been so amazing that we even took advantage of the outdoor seating.
5	This is the bf and my "spot" every Saturday morning when I'm in town. We roll out of bed, take a 10 minute drive, order our respective drinks and/or snacks, and sit in the outside patio. It's extremely peaceful and when it's sunny, it's even better. I can't complain! It's quality coffee and quality time =]
3	A neighbor, I support City North and really want to see it succeed. Press is a part of that, so I'll continue to give them my business, but I'll have to keep going to get the experience others are raving about for Press.A good coffee house, to me, has great service, comfortable seating, easy-to-use wi-fi and an amazing product.+The baristas at Press are nice, but not overwhelmingly so.+The seating is mediocre. One old dude on the couch resting his newspaper (remember those?) on the loveseat means I have to sit outside or at a hi-top. +The wi-fi requires you to ask for a special number (from a receipt or business card, or something) and it's timed. It's like *free wi-fi* from the '90s. +The coffee is pretty decent. I'm a drip fan and was pleased with my cup and the accoutrements available for doctoring.
4	Just met a friend there yesterday to catch up. We both enjoy loose teas, so opted for Press instead of Starbucks. Press has a decent selection of loose teas (not the best I've seen, but they are not a tea house). We also picked the place since it's bright and airy and they have a huge patio, so I could bring my dog without a problem. As a dog owner, lover, I give them props for having some bowls out so our canine companions also can enjoy a drink.I am not a huge fan of the food. It's OK. Some stuff like the wraps are really good, others like a grab and go pasta salad I tried once is disgusting - overcooked and drowning in some pre-made dressing. Yuck. But the coffees and teas are great and I very often skip the Starbucks right next door to drive to Press for something really delicious.
2	The Toddy Iced Coffee was weak and flavorless this last time!  What the heck?  I was raving about the coffee here to some out of town guests and I took them there only to have weak flavorless coffee.  =[
4	Press Coffee is a great Sat/Sun morning stop. My boyfriend and I had a lazy day several weeks ago and stopped in. I had a chai latte and he had a smoothie for our "breakfast". Both were very good! I love a good chai latte and it is difficult to find a place the serves the right blend of spicy and sweet (most are made way too sweet for my taste). I think their chai tea rivaled my favorite in NYC. Then it was on to the "lunch" portion (hey, I said it was a lazy day). We each ordered sandwiches which were both tasty. They have an outdoor patio and the windows are open for nice weather. I love having a local coffee shop nearby to support!
4	Had to come back for another review -- that awesome blueberry muffin bumped them up a star! So, to me then, wi-fi without the drama would make Press a five star joint!
4	AMAZING coffee (no bitter, over-roasted coffee here)!!!Devoted owner.Adorable setting.Fantastic food (little bit $$)Community table for lunch - so Euro...
4	Starbucks with a dash of alcholic beverage - sweeeet!  Just when you thought it couldn't be improved well you're wrong!  Press is a cute little cafe located in City North, unfortunately :(  However, this place brings the smiles back.  Trendy and hip for sure.  Food here is wonderful - light sandwiches and salads with ingredients that bring a bang to your mouth --- mmmm.  Didn't try their wine, but no one can stop me now - next time I'm back let's do a toast!  Enjoy!
5	My wife and I just happened to be rolling through town, and are so pleased to have found Press Coffee!Well crafted espresso drinks, delicious panini, and dog-friendly to boot!!! My wife, our dog and I enjoyed a lovely respite. Yummy!!!
4	Nestled in the bad Xerox copy of Kierland Commons (aka City North), Press Coffee happens to be an original and pretty great place to get a quick morning breakfast or panini lunch at a reasonable price. We ordered breakfast burritos which, at $5 a piece was a very reasonable price! They weren't huge, but everything tasted great and when compared to a chain bagel place, I felt I was getting a great value for the price.Being preggers, I ordered a decaf coffee which they don't brew there, but they could make a large decaf Americano ($2.75) which is close to the same thing and tasted great -- especially for a decaf. The husband had an iced Chinese breakfast tea ($3.25) which was pretty great if I do say so myself. We also got a banana nut muffin which was a bit dry but very tasty with the coffee and the tea - maybe priced a bit on the high side at $3.00.Overall, I would say that Press Coffee is a great alternative to your typical chain bagel or coffee places. The atmosphere was pleasant (complete with just-graduated-from-college-caliber artwork selling for $50 on the walls) and the waitstaff was friendly and helpful. I will certainly be going to Press again!
5	I love their cactus club sandwich with pesto. My most favorite sandwich out there! Great place for lunch or to people watch.
5	Favorite coffee spot, ever!
5	We originally went to Press Coffee to try the much talked about 'cold-brew' a.k.a. Toddy Coffee.  It was absolutely amazing.  No bitter edge~  just smooth, smooth, great taste.  Steve (owner) was very charming and an amazing host.  He seems to have a great rapport with all his clients and knows them on a first name basis.  Experienced barista with personality, comfortable atmosphere and good food.  The CHAI is excellent too.  Definitely stop in to visit this amazing business.
5	I have been going there at least once a week since they opened (for food and coffee) and the staff is always pleasant, the food is always good and the coffee is always terrific! Great atmosphere inside and out. So glad to hear they are opening another store at Scottsdale Quarter! Now I can finally get some GOOD coffee when I am in the Kierland area!
2	The atmosphere is nice: clean, modern, spacious.I never had the coffee.  I had to wait in line too long.  When it actually came my turn to order the person behind the register walked away and began to dry wine glasses along with a co-worker (note: ALONG WITH A CO-WORKER...meaning, there were other Staff members there who could do that work), while I stood there, waiting, in total disbelief.  She was clueless, I think, as to why I finally walked away.
2	I have not returned yet (although I expect to soon as I have a planned event at Press next week), but I think it is fair to share that the Owner contacted me regarding my review.  He was, of course, in his words, "disturbed...All I can say is I apologize for your experience and only ask that you give us a second try if you are in the area."That is good reputation management, and appreciated by me!
5	Okay, as much as I love Starbucks Coffee. . . This gives them a run for their money for sure!  The interior decor is nice, very relaxing.  The baristas were friendly and what I enjoyed most is the fact that once your drink or food is ready, they don't just scream your name out at the bar, they actually walk it over to you.. whether you're sitting outside or inside!  Amazing.  I wish there was one closer to home, but It was worth the driveTruly the way coffee is suppose to taste
5	After a long day, most people want to just head home and put their feet up, grab a cocktail and turn on their preferred reality television show...not this girl, I want to catch up on emails, network on the thousand social media platforms available and have a warm cup of chai from a cozy coffee house opposed to a corporate nightmare shop.   Press Coffee offers one of the best chai's I've ever tasted, they knew what they were doing when they chose a blend enhanced with tiger spice, they serve either hot or cold and the smell alone will have you salivating.       Their friendly staff and personable owner (Steve Kraus) make you feel like you're in 'their neighborhood' and they are inviting you into their home with a cup of your choice and great conversation.  I would recommend that you try Press, they also offer a wonderful breakfast and lunch menu that is anything but plain.     I will continue to support Press Coffee and will miss it when I venture off to the next city.
2	I'd been looking forward to getting out to the Press and I couldn't be more disappointed. The atomosphere left much to be desired, the non existant customer service was piss poor and the coffee itself was nothing to rave about. I'm broken hearted and continueing my quest for a real coffee house.
5	Great spot! I love bringing a book, sitting back, enjoying a cup of coffee, and drinking in the atmosphere
5	Great coffee.
4	Since moving into my office at CityNorth, I've become a regular at this place. There is no better coffee and the food is fantastic. I typically order an Americano and the Cactus Club Panini (turkey, avocado, bacon, spring mix, tomato with chipotle pesto)... The atmosphere is very cool and laid back. They have a large patio that's great when the weather is nice. Great place for a business lunch if you're not too pressed for time (sorry about the play on words, couldn't resist). I enjoy meeting my wife there for lunch when we can, too. The service is very nice, but it's typically a bit slow. They also serve beer and wine, but I haven't tried a happy hour there yet. Give it a try -- you'll be glad you did.
5	Best coffee shop in scottsdale.
5	Okay, I gave them four stars on my last review, but I simply can't do it again.  It's five-star coffee, through and through.  After sampling their location at Kierland I decided to drive 14 miles and have coffee at their location up north.  I asked what they had in a light to medium roast, and I swear she brought ten bags of coffee for me to sniff.  They roast all of it, and not one bag had even the slightest burnt smell, but overwhelmed me with complex aromas.  Nothing else in Phoenix can compare.  I have now cleaned out our casita and am ready to open up a clandestine and illegal coffee speakeasy in central Phoenix.
5	Fantastic! So fantastic that if I lived within walking/driving distance of this place I would probably be here for my morning coffee...mid-day tea...and whatever wildcard drink at night! Phew! The drinks (really any) are yummy, fresh and you can literally taste the care that was taken in choosing the tea leaves and coffee beans. I LOVE that there are UNLIMITED refills on their ice tea and they include some simple syrup at the bar so that you can sweeten it as you like! The service was outstanding-warm and with a sincere smile!
5	This is a great little place, friendly staff, great food and they have a dog friendly patio.  Love to go there on Sunday mornings with my paper, my pooch and my hubby.  The coffee is great and the teas are even better - the blueberry is outstanding.
3	Another one bites the dust.  Too bad, this was one of the only excuses to stop by City North.  I think when they took the couches out, people stopped coming.  I came here with a group of girlfriends to finalize our plans for a trip to Las Vegas.  They had minimal options since they are closing on Monday.
5	Perhaps the best coffee in Phx, thank God the left the Scottsdale Quarter location open!  I really liked this place though, great setting and the original.  It was also right off the 101 on my way to work, mornings will be harder to get through without my highly caffeinated toddy :(
5	My review was also sad, I miss this location :(
