4	With pancake selections that range from bacon to coconut to sourdough to Swedish, this chain pancake house is amazing and puts IHOP to serious shame.Do not miss their specialties of the house- the apple and the Dutch baby!Oh thank you Eva S. for introducing me to OPH!
5	They have these in the South Bay where I grew up, so I was very pleased to find them in Las Vegas, also. I love the apple pancakes and the has is very good, too. In fact, everything here is good. Not to mention, you should head over to the Green Valley Ranch Hotel and Casino any way. Its a little bit of a sleeper, being away from the strip but all the cool locals hang out here when they aren't at the Hard Rock.
5	Edited: Man, I don't know what's wrong with you people that don't think this is the greatest breakfast place, ever! There are a few mediocre exceptions. I'd avoid the belgian waffles and the french toast. But the omelets, the pancakes....yum!!!Sweet? Savory? No matter what you're looking for, it's here and it's done to perfection. The omelettes will be a bit of a wait because they are baked, but they are some of the best you will find. Their pancakes are also the best I've ever had. I don't know what makes them so perfect.Best breakfast in Vegas.
4	Yum!  Fantastic German Pancake and chocolate chip pancakes.  Prices could be better.
4	I really thought the food was great, for breakfast stuff.  Passing by a table, I saw a couple order omlettes....  My God!!  These things were like 4 inches thick and looked like shepherds loaves of bread!!I ordered Eggs Benidict (Venitian Style) with the sauce on the side.  It comes with potato pancakes.  Muffin, mushrooms, spinich and wonderfully poached eggs that look like mounds of sour cream.  Perfect!  My wife had 3 egg breakfast or something basic like that, also good.  Try the Venitian Eggs!
4	Great breakfast food at OPH.  Had the Belgin Waffles with a side of bacon.  The bacon was thick & delicious.  Ok, I don't get bacon often.  The Belgin Waffle was light and had a good taste.If you are a grandparent or grandchild (55+, 12 & under) they have a good deal.  Under $5 for 3 pancakes, eggs & meat.I recommend eating here vs. the breakfast buffet ($8).  The food tastes better.
4	We love OPH.  Kills IHOP and Denny's and all that. Fresh OJ, buckwheat pancakes, corned beef hash that they actually make, not from a can....I think their big famous thing is some kind of crazy apple "pancake" that takes 20 minutes to make, and I don't have that kind of time, but you see them coming out to tables all over the place. So people dig them. I mentioned the buckwheat pancakes, that's just what I get....they have like 20 different kinds, as well as lots of other stuff: Blintzes and omelets and so on. My wife always gets this huge puffy spinach omelet that is really good, but everything I have had is good there. I will agree with the reviewer that wasn't thrilled with the potato pancakes, but I figured that was just what potato pancakes were like, I've never had them anywhere else. Always busy, closes by 3 pm.
5	Let me first say, Breakfast out is one of my favorite things in the world. If they delivered this to my hotel room, I would be in absolute heaven and I would do whatever necessary to never check out of that hotel. Secondly, the food here is the best in Las Vegas, there is only one place in LA that may beat this, and that is only because its on Sunset and I'm usually a bit hungover when I eat there, OK I'm daydreaming. OK, down to the good stuff..order the eggs Benedict, AND the dutch baby. Don't argue with me, just do it. I cannot order only one thing here and if you do, your missing out on SOMETHING. The bacon is so good, it may be the reason I can't be a vegetarian, and why I don't weigh 115 pounds.
2	OK, so this wasn't exactly a gourmet experience, but I just needed to have some pancakes. This restaurant is a Northwest chain that has expanded through much of the U.S. I got bacon pancakes (i.e., bacon inside the pancakes) and a side order of sausage patties. The pancakes were heavy, the sausage not bad.Too bad I didn't check here first - perhaps the house specialties (apple pancake or Dutch baby) are the way to go.
5	Best breakfast place I've gone to. I've only gone twice but I really want to go again. The crepes,pancakes and even omelets were the best I've had. Not much else to say except try their specialties. I tried their Apple pancakes which was a bit heavy for those not expecting it but almost reminded me of a pie with the fresh apples flavor.
4	Amazing food, crappy service. slow, unattentive and almost rude.  Go for the food.
3	Yeah, I know it's a chain restaurant.Yeah, it's in one of those min-malls in Vegas (but what isn't?)Yeah, yeah, yeah . . . It's a really good breakfast.  End of story.It's a big restaurant.  Our waitress was borderline friendly.  But the food just hits the spot.Try the dutch baby.  It's huge and yummy.  I'd be afraid of the regular size dutch.yelp it out.
4	I love the Original Pancake House... I love it!Eversince I went to my first one in Charlotte, NC i fell in love with this place. Since then everytime I go to a city with an OPH in it I make it a point to have breakfast there. The OPH in Vegas is no exception. It is a great place to have breakfast, and a welcome escape from the Strip.Their omelettes are amazing... I have yet to figure how they get them to be so crispy on the outside and fluffy inside. They make them from a lot of eggs and that means they are big.The pancakes are great and their house specialty the Dutch Baby is awesome. And did I mention they serve freshly squeezed orange juice... nice!Check this place out.p.s. For those of you who are tourists, make sure you have a way to get back to the Strip as finding a cab out there or calling one is no simple task.
4	While glancing the menu at OPH, we noted that 'challah french toast' was on the menu. My friend the Host With the Mostest in Las vegas (HWMLV), whom I have known for over half of my life, claimed he did not know this word, "challah"! Nutters! Since college, I had the chance to attend my share of break Fasts, Seders, etc... so 'challah' to me was just another baked good from the Noe Valley Baking company. Everyone knows that, right? Or so I thought! Thank you, HWMLV, for knowing about the two for one deal from the paper. I'm all about the cheap eats.. and I'm all abou the OPH. Yum, yum, yum. Come hungry and for the best selection: SHARE! Their Apple Pancake: There is no reason why one human should be consuming ONE of these in one sitting by themselves. (I'm scared to even ask about the nutritional value of it, but eating ONE would be akin to eating 4-5 apple fritters. At least.) Their house specialty is this apple pancake (see pic above), created with care and it comes out hot, fluffy and much like an apple pastry. IN any case, it's a must try, in my book. Cinnamony and chewy, it's a nice start to the day (even though we got started kinda late, but you know Vegas) We also split the eggs benedict (see pic above) which comes with a side of 4 potato pancakes. Yummy, but these thin potato pancakes were thin crepe like concoctions... unlike the thick fried patties of goodness I remember from my college days.  No worries, it was still quite tasty. NOTE: the applesauce and sour cream that arrive with your meal is the accompaniment to the potato pancakes. Just FYI. I think you all knew that though. The eggs benedict hollandaise sauce was quite yellow and eggy, but the balance of ham/egg/english muffin was perfect... NEXT time we're going to share the Dutch Baby Pancake. Reminder. It's not Dutch BOY. That's a Paint. But I think you all know that, too.
4	The ONLY place my family will go to for breakfast in Las Vegas. When we visit my relatives there, this is a must go on a Saturday or Sunday morning. Very casual atmosphere and good with children.  Recommend for a Good and Casual Breakfast outing.
2	I believe I'm making a point of trying to eat at a restaurant twice before giving it a review.  I did so with the Gambler's Grill, but sometimes you don't want to go back.  In the case of The Original Pancake House, I won't make the mistake a third time. (I did eat at one of these restaurants at Green Valley Ranch, but this review is specific to this particular property).Both times were lunch outings, so I ordered a sandwich both times.  This is not a restaurant to eat at for anything other than breakfast, really.  Hence the name, I suppose, breakfast seems to be a better choice.  I ordered a sub sandwich the first time, which was okay but nothing to Yelp about.  The second time I wanted to change things up so I ordered a Grilled Ham & Cheese.  When the order arrived 30 minutes later (making us late to get back to work), all I received was a small sandwich and a few hash browns.  I paid $8.19 for this? I was fairly annoyed not only by the wait but by the inconsistency in the size of their meals.  The sub sandwich was much larger and filling and took half the time to get to me than this second time around.  People next to us, who arrived later, received their order first.  The food was fine, but I've had better elsewhere (such as Gambler's Grill).The only thing I was happy about was due to a disappointment from the first visit.  My waitress never brought me a box for my sub sandwich.  When I went to get one from the front counter, I turned around to see the busboy tossing all of our food into the bin.  The manager saw this as she was handing me the box.  As there was little she could do to save the food, she got me a $10 discount off of our next meal.  Pretty much the only reason we came back again was to use this discount.  Never again!
4	Great breakfast, cut from the same cloth as the Walker Bros establishments in the Chicagoland area.  Everything is heavily buttered and creamed here, so make sure to chase with multiples cups of coffee.
5	Long time yelp reader, first time reviewer...I wanted my first review to be about a place I've never had problems with and OPH was the first thing that came to mind.Located in Las Vegas near the Arizona Charlie's on the corner of Charleston and Decatur, I always make it a point to visit OPH for breakfast when I'm in town--usually the Sunday morning before we head back to Cali.The serving is generous, even their half-orders are more than enough for my friends who don't want too much.  It's also one of the few places I know that serves potato pancakes...or maybe I haven't been out much.  Regardless, their potato pancakes are top notch.  It goes great with a side order of corned beef.  The omelettes are amazing.  I'd love to know how to make omelettes the same way OPH does at home if I could.  Mind you, I'm not even mentioning the other pancakes--you jus can't go wrong with any of em.  You just have to try them for yourself.  Almost everyone I know has their own preference: the one with their favorite fruit, the one with the chocolate chips, and the famous Dutch Baby.Bottom line:  when you're in Vegas, it's definitely worth a few minutes trip from the Strip to enjoy this place.^_^
1	I never knew this place was part of a chain! So we decided to eat here before the trip back to Cali, and let me just say the food was decent, a bit pricey for breakfast food and the quantity, but the service was the huge downfall.  So we get sat after a bit of a wait. It took even longer to get greeted. Even after a friend had to hunt down a girl, it took her a while to come over.  She takes our drink order, which took a while to get our drinks. She take our orders, and it took FOREVER to get our food. Not knowing what to order, I was my usual self: Double order of Over easy eggs with sausage patties. Side of hashbrowns to try. Side of corn beef n hash. And three pancakes(which were included).  Being that we got there after 12'sh pm, the place wasn't that busy at all. But yet service still bad. Even worse, they didn't tell us gratuity was included, so we added it. But we had them credit our c/c when we found out. I guess my bad for not reading the bill.    Will I dine here again, highly doubt it. Service was seriously that bad for the money spent....
4	Two things are just awesome here, the omelettes and the german pancakes.  I orginally tried this place at Green Valley Ranch but the wait there can be long.  This location is off the strip and much quicker.  I was fascinated by the german pancake concept, powdered sugar, lemon and berries, Wow unreal and delicious.The vegetarian omelette is so incredibly good with gouda cheese, I just get a side of bacon to go along with it.  Their bacon is also very good.  I have been to many different ones from the Los Angeles area to Fremont, CA.  I like this location the best, not everyone has gouda cheese.  No matter how strange it looks try the german pancake, its like a yolky crepe texture but so wonderful.  I can't wait to be back in Vegas just for this breakfast!
5	I discovered this place by accident when I was visiting in  Vegas. My sister and I split the gouda and spinach omelet, which , by the way, is HUGE! Crispy on the outside, and fluffy filled to capacity with yummy smoked gouda and spinach. THE BEST!! It was so delicious I would of gladly stuffed myself and eaten the entire thing. The next time I was in town I got one all to myself (Yummy!) and my daughter ordered the chocolate chip pancakes, which are good, but can put you in a sugar coma. Anyway, my five year old asks if she can try a bite of my omelet and she loved it! The kid scarfed down half of it. Damn, I may never get one all to myself. Next time, it will all be mine! The service was mediocre, but I can totally deal for food this great.
3	closest OPH to the house.  been a couple times.  I have a mixed feeling about the place.  I like the retro - 60's look to it ( maybe early 70's - definitely not a 50's look ) I am a pancake fan and i kinda like the german pancake thing they do - i'm a big believer that lemon is just as effective as salt in bringing out the flavors in food and it definitely helps the pancakes.the hash is also decent - big 'ol chunks of meat in the hash.but the one thing you don't get - value !  The place is a little pricey.
4	had i written about this place after my 1st experience i would say it's way over priced & crappy food. the first time out we ordered corned beef hash omelette & salami & eggs. we were not expecting what we got. an enormous portion. had to be 8-10 eggs used. the hash was good but the salami & eggs was bad-sliced salami cooked into eggs-yuck!!! the waiter wasn't very helpful about asking if we had ever been,etc.now the 2nd trip we decided to stick with the pancakes & boy were they good. mine was practically a cinnamon apple pie & it was sooooo good. a little pricey $50 for 3 people for breakfast. i'd recommend sticking to the pancakes & waffles & fresh squeezed oj.
3	After a long morning of Black Friday shopping, we ventured to refuel at The Original Pancake House.  My sister and her friends had been raving about the eatery and their breakfast foods for days and so I decided ... why not.We arrived at around 9am and had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.  We were promptly greeted by our server and our drink order was taken.  It's sad to say - but this was the only time in which our server was prompt.  It felt as though after we had ordered, our server didn't seem to check back as frequently as needed.  Upon suggestion of my sister, I ordered the bacon pancakes half order.  I was hoping that the mixture of sweet and salty would satisfy me the way Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles does.  I was wrong again.  The bacon didn't seem to be spread throughout the pancake so I often found myself removing bacon pieces from the middle and saving them for the outer edges.  My husband had a combo of eggs, bacon, and toast - he too didn't find anything too spectacular about the restaurant and even compared it to "Dennys" type food (which it was).  A full stack of pancakes would run you about $7 and a half order about $5 (a half order consists of 3 pancakes).  A large orange juice... $3.85!! Jeez! I could buy a whole carton for that!! A cup of coffee... $2.95.
3	A friend of mine who lives in LV took us over here on a Saturday morning after a crazy night of clubbing. The service was pretty decent and the food was good. I ordered the french toast with a side of coffee.. It was very tasty. Yum yum... Everybody else seemed to like their food as well. Hmmm... I usually elaborate in my reviews.. but I can't say much about this one.. It's like any typical breakfast diner.. I can't say it's better than IHOP or Denny's.. I think most breakfast diners have very similar food and service.. It just tastes really good when you have a craving for American breakfast items... Ok.. that is all.. Take care now, bye bye...
3	This place usually has a line on Sunday for brunch/lunch but that day was different.  Maybe the economy really is hitting Vegas hard.Pros:  The classic baked apple pancake was tasty and delicious but it seems to be smaller than the last time we had it and was burnt on the bottom.  The side of potato pancakes were good and I liked them served with the applesauce.Cons: The venecia benedict is not as good as their regular eggs benedict since the sauteed mushrooms and spinach were oily and ruined the hollandaise sauce.
2	I came here because I was lured by the coupons on Restaurant.com, and lets just say I m glad I used that coupon. There is no way I would pay full price for the quality of food I was served and the price listed. I got 6 very thin buttermilk pancakes for $7. And a slice of ham costs like $5? I got a better deal eating at the signatures with an all american breakfast platter that costs $11.  If you are coming here to find some great steals on mom and pop style off the strip hidden gems, and this is definitely the wrong place. Its over priced, and not worth the hype and drive. Go some where else like Egg & I or your local hotel.
4	we went here on news year day at 2pm. The hours are very limited and they usually close at 2pm but where open until 3 for that day. Good thing because they used to always stay open until 3 and I would have been pissed we drove all that way. Food was excellent!!! They fresh squeeze all the juice so they were out of orange sadly. I got the eggs benedict and it was amazing. would have given 5 stars if they had the juice.
5	Ultimate breakfast place right outside the strip in LV!!  I would gladly get in my car and drive off strip and come here for their breakfast grub.  BFF Jen suggested this place, being a former LV local, and I was super impressed with the service and quality of food.  A spot she use to visit regularly with her farther, she ordered me his favorite breakfast dish which is the Egg Michael.  It's like an eggs Benedict at first glance but comes with sausage instead of ham and a mushroom sauce instead of hollandaise sauce and comes with a side of potato pancakes.  It was OMG delicious.  She also ordered us a dutch baby to share and this thing is sooo freaking good.  I literally liked both plates clean. There's a chain of them, so find one near you!!
3	Having lived in NW Oregon most of my life -- coming to this location was a bit different than their Oregon ones.  The food quality was not up to par, but it wasn't bad food...just different.  Don't get me wrong, this is my favorite breakfast place in the world -- seriously -- amazing food.  The prices were lower here than in Oregon.  The location itself is just off Charleston, and you might miss it if you're speeding like everyone else.  Once inside, it feels older and non-welcoming.  It is VERY LOUD inside, as we were practically YELLING to even speak, lol.  Oh well.  Since they closed their Cheyenne location -- you have to go this one on, if you live on the west side of town...but its worth the drive...so go go go!
4	D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S Crepes. If you go here and you are a crepe fan I would say they have the best crepes out of other breakfast joints I have tried. If your not a crepe fan they do have lots of other items. Their omelets are good too (big portion so share with someone). Pancakes are delicious and fluffy, especially their blueberry ones. You know how come places have just the sauce of blueberry which kind of overpowers the enjoyment of a pancake, well their pancakes are not like that. They put the blueberries in their batter, the way I like it.
4	I know the Original Pancake House is pretty well known around town, and I'm sure a lot of people reading this have dined there at least once (with mixed reviews), but I feel I can give a fair assesment of the best dishes on (and off) the menu, so I'd like to share them. I've been eating here for years and have come to th conclusion that you really do have to know what to order here, since not everything is as good as the pancakes (i.e the eggs benedict - go to Payard's in Caesar's for this).I feel the omelets are the best option, which is one reason my anti-omelet husband would rather go to the Egg and I (he's a 'breakfast skillet' kind of guy). The omelets here are tremendous, both in flavor and size. I love that if you have a willing dining companion you can split one and both be completely satiated for a reasonable price. Normally I opt for the Western or the spicy Fiesta omelet, but this time we had the Irish, which included their home made corned beef hash and cheddar cheese enveloped in fluffy eggs. It was scrumptious, and might be my new favorite. Since the omelets come with a side of pancakes or toast, I always get pancakes (who would get toast?) and I ALWAYS upgrade to something more interesting than the ordinary plain cakes. This gets more expensive if you are ordering alone here (not recommended, you'll get to look like the people around you), but if you are sharing, it is totally worth it. I really like the blueberry and coconut varieties, but this time we shared something particularly indulgent, bacon AND chocolate chip pancakes, served with nothing less than freshly whipped cream. This is not on the menu, and the waitress might look at you funny (as ours did) but I promise you'll like it. It is reminiscent of the Voges chocolate bar, Mo's Milk Chocolate Bacon Bar (also highly recommended), and packs a powerful punch with a few of Earth's finest offerings - sugar, flour, bacon, whipped cream, and of course, chocolate. I'm actually not a chocoholic by any means, but these pancakes steer me in that direction. If you're in the mood to be sinful, these will make you feel like the devil. You can wash it all down with a glass of freshly squeezed orange or grapefruit juice, which are much better than juices offered at any other off-strip breakfast places.To summarize, come here for the omelets, pancakes, corned beef hash, and juice - nothing else is that good. (Oh, i forgot to mention the potato pancakes are smokin')
4	BACON!!!I like getting an omelet with pancakes. WARNING: the omelet is massive. It can easily feed two humans or five models. The bacon is thick, like cardboard. I use mine to stir the coffee. The coffee is also good, not weak or expensive. If you are looking for a something unique, may I suggest you upgrade to the sourdough pancakes.Speaking of pancakes, they have some of the most amazing pancake items. Bacon pancakes, Hawaiian, blueberry, pecan - they are all amazing.SUGGESTION: one person order the omelet with sourdough pancakes, someone else order a pancake special (third person order a different pancake special and so on and so on) then everybody splits their food. It's a Vegas food orgy you won't be ashamed to tell your mom about.
4	The quality of food and service here is good compared to other places. When you walk in you get the immediate feeling of good home cooking with the warm welcomes and the smell of bacon, eggs, flour and coffee. I've only been here twice. I haven't tried any of their pancake dishes, which are the most popular there, but my favorite is the belgium waffles with a side of bacon and a glass of their fresh squeezed orange juice! NOM NOM NOM. The price is decent compared to the quality and serving sizes, but would def recommend this place to people visiting from out of town.
2	Not unique, particularly interesting [or ahem . . . original], the Original Pancake House is basically a diner with a wider variety of pancakes to choose from.Don't get me wrong, I'm not opposed to a place with cornucopia of pancake choices, but none of the food was great.  The blueberry pancakes just weren't remarkable and the blueberries weren't fresh or flavorful.  They came with a dusting of powdered sugar, which was a nice touch, but all in all the pancakes were blah.  The Continental Crepe was similarly mediocre -- the actual crepe was good, but was overwhelmed by too much sour cream in the filling.  The side of "German potatoes" was also surprisingly flavorless.  In the end, the only remarkable part of the meal was the side order of bacon -- quality pork with perfect crispness.Bottom line: if you can't think of anywhere else to grab breakfast, the Original Pancake House isn't the worst place to eat.
4	Love the Dutch Baby..to go..to go....No not to go.  Please enjoy here.  If you are breakfast lover, you gotta reserve a morning here. Definitely a nice alternative to a buffet =)
4	Just had the pecan pancakes. Nothing fancy, just delicious!  BTW, the bacon IS amazing.
4	The Apple Pancake is huge... too big for someone who often orders off the kids menu.  Generally, I don't think you can take home breakfast leftovers.  But our waitress said this pancake would hold up pretty well, and she suggested we pair it with vanilla ice cream at home.  Yum!
4	One thing that the strip is lacking is quality traditional breakfast food at a reasonable price. So if you're visiting Vegas put OPH in your gps and discover what the locals already know, it's one of the best breakfast restaurants in Vegas.No, it's not unique, in fact it's a franchise, but that doesn't change the fact that it's good. Try the potato pancakes with apple sauce, or the banana pancakes with strawberries! There are a million pancake variations to tempt every palate. And if you don't feel like pancakes they have a variety of other great breakfast fare including omelettes, crepes, and waffles. Bottom line: good service, great food, reasonable prices.
4	The food gets 5 STARS and the service gets 2 STARS......that being said, we'll average it out with a good 'ole 3 1/2 - 4 STARS!~Traditional breakfast items.....bacon and eggs, diced ham and scrambled eggs, corn beef hash and eggs.  All with the options come with toast or pancakes.~CREPES.....both sweet and savory depending on your mood!~NON-traditional items............potato pancakes  =), German/Dutch Baby, Dutch garden  =), and  apple pancake!~Omelets like nothing you've ever seen before in your life.  Baked in the oven, these monstrous egg creations take nearly 20 minutes to cook, but the taste and texture make it all worth it!  P.S.  they have GOUDA cheese..........which I personally LOVE!  =)~And the obvious DUH......this place is called the PANCAKE house for a reason.........................FREAKIN' PANCAKES!!!!!!  Sourdough cakes, Swedish cakes, 49er flapjacks, banana cakes, strawberry cakes, bacon cakes, Hawaiian cakes and my personal favorite PECAN cakes!~The orange juice is fresh squeezed and AMAZING!  True story! ~The whipped cream is made fresh daily!And the two negatives I have are:~You aren't allowed to bring in outside beverages........  =(  gotta leave your Starbucks at the door kids!~The service kinda BLOWS!  Empty beverages drives me nuts.  Utilize the bussers if you have to.........please and thank you!
5	OMG. This place is heaven. My friend- who is a local, had planned to take me here for breakfast before dropping me at the airport. Now- I had been entertaining clients the night prior and may or may not have had too many martinis. So I may or may not have been seriously hungover. Which could explain why I took a picture of my coffee-cup (see pictures). The coffee was quite a welcome taste. NOT "bad diner coffee". I ordered Eggs Benedict and (yes AND) plain buttermilk pancakes. OMG. Everything was perfection. The food is a thrill- soooo delicious. My friend said they don't have hashbrowns- as you can see in the picture, you get potato pancakes. Yummy. I did NOT even peruse the menu- but I could see they have TONS of pancakes, omelets, and pretty much every breakfast concoction you can imagine. Honestly- I'll be here EVERY TIME I am in Vegas- for a cheat day of course. (Yea, I'm one of those fitness freaks that watches what I eat 80% of the time, so this is a cheat meal in a big way.) So worth it.
3	I got the baked apple pancake. It was large and filling but didn't seem especially well prepared. It was thick and heavy. I didn't finish it.I also got a side of bacon and that was average.
5	Excellent!!! Great service, great menu choices, clean and efficient. I ordered the German Pancake, and it was better than the one I make. Theirs was soft but firm, very fluffy and so tasty with the powdered sugar and lemon. (The lemon makes it). My dining partners got the crepes, which also looked tasty - and good for a modest appetite. Coffee was a serviceable (Cracked Egg has better coffee, IMHO). Overall, great experience and will be back. Irish omelet looks good for next time. :)
4	This was my first time here at this restaurant and it was pretty good, despite the wait and the cigarette smoke......ugh!
5	Here is another MUST GO TO everytime I'm in Vegas... EXCELANTE!!  Great service, delishious pancakes and the best place to hit after a night of partying... It's always packed so you might have to wait a bit but it's well worth it... I've never had to wait more than 15mins... I always get the pancakes... the batter they use is soo yummy!! You eat every last bite cuz you just cant stop the goodness!  Friends of mine got the baked omelets and they were humongous!!  Way more than enough for two people!! Crepes were also sweet and perfect!If you love breakfast, You'll LOVE the Pancake house!!
4	First time experiencing The Original Pancake House. And it was not disappointing. This would be at least a 4.5 - 5 star rating if not for the price for the sausage patties, but that was pretty disappointing. ~$4.39 for two tiny little sausage patties??? Are you kidding me?Other than that disappointment, yesterday's brunch was awesome. I got a 1/2 order ($2 off the original price of 8.49) of the bacon pancakes and wow were they excellent. I'd never tried anything like those pancakes and I'm gonna have to try that at home now and see if I can do anything even close to those. The lady had the Apple Waffle and she said it was amazing too. We split an order of the aforementioned sausages and an order of the country potatoes. They were both very good, but the sausages were not worth the money for damn sure. Excited to go back and try one of their egg specialties, omelets, or maybe one of the crepes. They have a great selection on the menu and the prices are very good for most of their items. The country breakfast atmosphere in the restaurant was very homey feeling and the service was excellent. It was a Thursday morning at about 10:30 and the place was not too busy so that was nice. Our food came out pretty quick considering what we got and that they make everything in house and from scratch. Happy customer and the service was great. She was very attentive, and very friendly with a few common questions as we sat down that made us feel all warm and fuzzy....4 solid starswould be 5 stars if they added at least 2 more sausage patties for that price
4	I really do like the OG pancake house!! Me and my soon to be babies daddy went for breakfast after our DR. apt the other day (our after Dr. ritual).  We were seated right away, and them greeted right away; a huge plus for me.  My man had never been there so he took some time to peruse the menu.  I made some suggestions as we looked.  I was craving apple flavor, so I quickly choose the apple waffle.  There is fresh apples  actually baked in the batter, YUMMY!  I also opted to have German style breakfast potatoes.  When the server came back to take our order, my man decided to go with my recommendation and get the bacon pancakes (he LOVES bacon), he also got sausage patties .  So we sat and chatted while we waited.The meal came quickly, but before it hit the table the server had brought all the sauces and such, another huge plus!  My waffle was outstanding!!!  Fresh hot apples and cinnamon coated the moist, fluffy waffle.  I ate the whole thing!  Not hard when you are 5 1/2 months pregos!  The potatoes were good, not the best but good.  Just as I suspected the bacon pancakes disappeared quickly as well.  The only complaint I had was the sausage patties we got were small  and we got 2 for $4.39.  Not a good value compared to the rest of the meal.  All together with tip a 20% tip was $28.00.  A great meal, great service and a happy pregnant woman, which makes a happy man.  I will defiantly be going there again to have another one of their great flavored waffles or pancakes.   PS if you dont want pancakes or waffles there are egg and other choices for you.
5	I had to give you a review. This breakfast restaurant is out of the ordinary, the food was delicious, but the service was out of this world, everybody who works there makes you feel like you went back 20 years when service was important, very friendly, everybody smiling and Attentive. Highly recommendedOne suggestion is that they should make serving water an option. Visiting from California where water is an option at restaurants to see the waste of water there shook me
4	Delicious! We loved it. Wish we had one in Cali!
5	Omelets to die forFound this place while searching for diner dive and dive places on the web. Not sure if it was featured, but the reviews were good. Prices are excellent and the food is amazing. Before we even got our food the OJ was the best I ever had, For breakfast I had the Santa Fe Omelet with 3 pancakes, OMG! Best omelet ever. The other orders were the western omelet and the Dutch Baby. All generous portions and delicious. This was a nice diversion from breakfast on the strip while in Vegas. Will surely be telling others about this place.
5	Excellent service, great food, very super good!!!
4	Good breakfast for a reasonable price.  Staff was courteous and the place had a good old time atmosphere.   Was actually better in some ways to the egg and I.  As it seemed more country than fast paced packed house style of eating.
5	If I could give 100 stars I would.... I went two days in a row.. YEAH it's that good. The first time I got a spinach omelette with added tomato and bacon, it comes with cheese..... This thing was HUGE it looked like they used a dozen eggs to make it. All omelets come with the to die for pancakes. My boyfriend got the "bacon lovers bacon and eggs" special... His exact words " they must have a farm outback, because everything taste fresh".The second day we went I got sausage patties and eggs, which comes pancakes and my boyfriend got his usual. The ambiance is a country breakfast feel. The service was AMAZING everyone was sweet as pie. The prices are also very reasonable.IF YOUR IN VEGAS THIS IS A MUST TRY!!!!
5	Okay I know they are called the Original Pancake House but they have by far the best french toast of any eating establishment I have ever visited.  But you gotta order the challah french toast, not the regular.  Pair it with a side of their awesome bacon and coffee and I am in breakfast heaven.  The only downside is this is the only OPH I have been to that has this on the menu.  Win for Las Vegas.5 Stars!!
3	I had the Chicken Crepe, and a cranberry juice.The cranberry juice tasted like they were running out, and added water to it, very weak tasting.  Already not the best start.The crepe was actually pretty good.  The chicken mixture in it kinda tasted like what you would get in a chicken pot-pie; but instead of carrots/peas, you get red/green peppers, mushrooms, and olives.  It came with four potato pancakes.  Now, these are NOT latkes, these are four extremely thin, almost flavorless sheets of potato.  As if someone made hash browns, froze them, and shaved a few layers off of the top.  It needed salt, pepper, anything.The entire meal was decent, I'd go back.
4	This place has a lot of food options and serve up generous portions.  The food is pretty good and the waitstaff are friendly.  Frankly, their buckwheat pancakes are probably the best I've ever tasted.  Come here but bring a friend: you can't finish one of their entrees unless you're REALLY hungry.
5	Every time we're in Vegas we always stop here for breakfast. Their pancakes are fluffy and delicious! I've had the German pancake which is HUGE and covered with butter, lemon and dusted with powdered sugar. (It hangs over the edge of the plate it's so big.) Their omelets are really good also, from the ham and cheese to the mushroom and spinach covered with jack cheese. Crepes are perfect and go great with the potato pancakes with sour cream. Staff is like family, very friendly and welcoming. From what I remember they close at 2PM.
2	We arrived around 10:30, and as usual this place was packed for brunch.  Ahthough we had to wait for a large group, it took 10-15 mins. to seat us in the seperate room they have off to the side of the main dining area.  It was empty all that time, so i wonder why it took so long to get it ready for us?The food is just OK.  We left pretty full, but not overwhelmed by the taste of the meals.LIKES: the bacon is very tasty, fresh squeezed OJ, service was OK, lots of variety on the menuDISLIKES: decor looks old and dingy, prices are a little high for breakfast food, pancakes were a little bland and not as fluffy as I would like them to beWe will try another breakfast place before returning here.
4	Good food. Laurel was a great server. Yummy bacon.  Went back the next day and enjoyed something else on the menu.  Cannot go wrong with this place!
5	5*STARS EASY! I've been here 3 or 4 times already and they're consistently Delicious each time. Their plates are large, fresh, very tasty, and creative. They arguably have the best breakfast you can eat, but for sure THE BEST BREAKFAST IN LAS VEGAS! . Def a must go. It's off the strip, but its doesn't take long to get to; it's definitely worth the drive! Just get there b4 they close!!!
1	I had there apple pancake all I tasted was eggs it was disgusting. I will never come back here
4	GREAT breakfast!Not that far from the Rio Casino where I was staying.Well worth the trip.Lindsey was a good server, very attentive and quick.
4	NICHOLAS CAGE sighting! He walked in with his son for pancakes as we were dining! AWESOME!!!  :)4.5 stars. This O.P.H. is kind of wayyyy out there away from the Strip. I mistook this location for the closer one on Ft. Apache to our hotel (The Rio). It took us a while to get out there and with minimal sleep and rest after the finish of our Baker to Vegas run, we were starving and super tired. I picked this place for breakfast and had great reviews and adda-boys from the 2 minivan carloads of friends that were hungry and attended breakfast this morning. Coffee, ginormous crazy hub cap sized omelets, pancakes and bacon were the stars of the morning on this visit. You can't go wrong with their pancakes, hence the name Original PANCAKE House. The service was also good, our waitress was training another new waitress and seemed to be a pretty good trainer. Coffee, water and drinks were always topped off. This may be an annual trip for breakfast after our runner crosses the finish line for the race. Plenty of parking, next to a B of A if you need the ATM (I don't like using the casino ATMs so this was perfect for me), clean establishment. We were seated right away...a party of about 12-13.
5	This place is my SPOT! They NEVER let me down. I've been a regular here for years...I get pretty much the same thing everytime eitherA.-The Bacon Lovers with BANANA PANCAKES (add pecans) orB.-The Strawberry WaffleI don't know WHAT type of PIG these people use but...their bacon is RIDICULOUS.It's a thicker cut and MELTS in your mouth.My brother (the biggest bacon lover I know) describes it as "bacon so good..it's worth the high blood pressure it will give you". My bf and bff LOVE the omelettes. They dont look like a regular omelette but a yellow fluffy pillow.Except these pillows might be oozing out cheese.The waffle and pancakes here are....(bows head) the waffle is so light and GREAT..so are the pancakes. I haven't went to IHOP since I've been to this place.I LOVE my ORIGINAL PANCAKE HOUSE!Take it from a regular..try NOT to go on the weekend and IF you order the bacon lovers TRY to share it instead of eating it all yourself.I did that once and went to sleep for 5 HOURS!!!
3	the apple pancake was too large for 1 person - i guesstimate that it's for 3 people.   Not for a loner and it's a little pricey.  Should have gotten the pancakes.
5	My favorite thing about this place is they always cook my scrambled eggs  perfect as I order. Love the Dutch Baby!! and the potato pancakes just as good.  Really disappointed the station casinos closed their locations.   Alway worth the drive to decatur.
2	Ordered the baked bacon omelette. Way too much bacon for me. Didn't finish it. Won't be ordering that again.
5	OMG The Apple Pancake is the best on this planet and out of this world you better bring a friend because it is too much to eat for the average person and Every  Sunday I have to  stop here for breakfast at the Charleston location . Their pancakes are fluffy and delicious! I've had the German pancake which is HUGE and covered with butter, lemon and dusted with powdered sugar. (It hangs over the edge of the plate it's so big.) Their omelets are really good also, from the ham and cheese to the mushroom and spinach covered with Gouda  cheese. the cherry Crepes are perfect and go great with the potato pancakes with sour cream. Staff is like family, very friendly and welcoming I wish I could take them home with me and if love coffee this is the place for it  better then star bucks that is a promuse
1	My husband and I used to eat at this restaurant all the time.  We always loved the food.  However, the last time we were there , the manager disagreed with where we asked to be seated based on the placement of our highchair.  We did not realize that it was a problem.  Afterall, the hostess sat us there.When the manager saw what happened, he aggressively approached our table, rapped his knuckles on the table, and loudly imformed us that "this was never happening again".  You betcha, Buddy, because after being chewed out by this manager like I was a tardy dishwasher, we weren't coming back.  I was angry and embarassed as this manager was loud enough that people at other tables were staring at us, so I emailed the restaurant's corporate offices right there from my phone.A few days later, I received a phone call from the restaurant's general manager.  I think that her name was Lisa. At first, I thought that Lisa was going to work this out with me, perhaps apologize for her underling's poor behavior. That just wasn't going to happen.  What Lisa gave me was a second butt chewing.  She interrupted me time and again, and even accused me of being a bad mother because the placement of the highchair was dangerous and against city code, that she was more concerned about the safety of my child than I was.  Had she stopped talking over me for 2 seconds, she would have learned that my husband is an architect and has forgotten more about building and city codes than some diner manager would ever know.  What she didn't know that my husband did know was that the placement of the highchair was well within city egress requirements.She then claimed to have reviewed the tape of the manager approaching our table and she that the table rapping never happened.  She was lying.  It did happen.  I saw it.  My husband saw it, and my baby jumped when he did it.  She either did not review the tape or there was no tape to review.  I seriously doubt that they have cameras trained on every table in any restaurant, much less a pancake diner.  During this entire conversation, I kept trying to get a word in edgewise to complain about the way the first manager all but yelled at us.  It was awful, and soon as she was done verbally abusing me, she said goodbye and HUNG UP on me.  I was shocked.  She never had any intention of working this out.  Her intention was to bully me for daring to complain about one of her co-workers.  And sadly, we have lost one of our favorite breakfast spots because I will not contribute a nickel to that woman's salary.I had heard, maybe it's true, maybe it's not, that several restaurants in casinos had recently closed their doors.  If this is how they allow their manager to speak to people, I am not the least bit surprised.  I have since told everyone I know about the abuse that I suffered at this woman's hands and will continue to bad mouth this restaurant every opportunity I get.
1	If I could give this place a zero I would... My family of 7 came in this morning seated within 5 min, served our drinks n then made to wait over 20 while or waiter waited on everyone else but us.. He never took our order... After nearly 30 min we got up and left.. I will never ever visit this establishment again....
3	Bacon pancakes, cold bathroom, amazing...
3	Worth a visit but not amazing. If you're going to be in town for a while (or are a local) then go ahead and eat here but if you're only stopping by l would explore elsewhere. The food was great but not amazing. Definitely had greater experiences at other breakfast places in Vegas. Serving sizes were well worth the price. The major complaint was the service. Sometimes you can excuse bad service (we all have bad days) but come on the waiter just seemed angry and bitter the whole time. He practically pushed us out even though it was a slow morning. I'd explore elsewhere.
1	This review is really late. This location has been burned down and hasn't begun construction again. But I will never come here and spend my money ever again. Rude service!! We had a party of four people but only two of us were present. The hostess sat us anyway probably because there was no wait. So our third person came shortly after and we come to find out that we were actually going to be a party of five instead. So we politely told our server that we were going to have more people join and she rudely replies "Well did you guys tell the hostess that? You're going to have to move into another station and you guys are taking up my table." WOW. We are taking up her table????? I couldn't believe my ears. First off, not only did the hostess seat us at the table, which by the way we didn't insist on her seating us right away.. We would have completely understood if she told us to wait, BUT the host still sat us. Anyway, and to state the OBVIOUS, no one should ever tell a customer that. Ever.  I told her exactly that and I asked to speak to her manager. The manager was polite and told us she talked to her server and that she would make sure we would get another table with another server. So we sat in the front to wait. That's when we decided to leave and go to Jamms up the street where we know the service is always friendly and hospitable. Plus they have better food. I will never step foot in OPH now. Sorry. You lost our business.
