5	Really Piranha is just an extension of 8 1/2 Ultra Lounge.  However it's an experience all it's own.It's a two story dance hall.  There's a VIP section up the stairs.  And they feature DJ's and go-go boys all the time.  It's an awesome place to shake your blues away. I really love the vibe at Piranha.So yeah, I guess that's about it. Think of it as a secret dance floor hidden in the back of 8 1/2.  Also, for a little history....it used to the the secret girl bar hidden in the back of Angles known as Lace.  Ahh, the good ole' days.I almost forgot to tell you about the huge tank of live Piranha for all to view. Hence the clubs name.  I like to think that they dunk mean homo's in it to keep them fed. Tee-Hee.  Take that mister sister!
3	For me this place is hit or miss... I was here last year when Jeannie "Cha Cha Heels" Tracy was performing and I had a private room upstairs in the VIP to view the action.  I had an amazing time and the crowd was very friendly.  This week I was there Tuesday night and Friday night, both times it seemed pretty blah.  Everyone just stands around the edges of the dance floor and watches people.  They have go-go boys (sometimes girls) dancing on cubes in the center and the Latin boys are very hot!
4	The Basics: $25 cover on the night we went- it was a holiday (I think maybe $20 for locals)$ 5 voss water, small bottle (a bargain, actually) $ 7-9 for watery gin and tonics$ 0 parking, free lot in the back (nice change from SF, gotta say) Overall, however.... a very friendly space, GOOD ventilation (this is important!) and hawt go-go boys (no girls when we were there.) There is an actual *tank* of Piranhas and it is simply amazing. Very, very cool. The dance floor towards the back is where we spent most of the time- there's a bar there too... However,  the bar towards the front is the easier one to get drinks, if you aren't real tall like me... Bathrooms are clean and well maintained. Apparently in the boys' room, there is an attendant. In the girls' room, I didn't notice one... We left with the "umbrella song" in our heads and a few days later we looked it up and realised it was a Rihanna song. If I were to make a mixed CD, that Rihanna Song would be the first song on my 2008 compilation. (... Hear that, Hostest with the Mostest in LV? )Afterwards, I drove someone's PT Cruiser (as the sober driver) to the next party destination. I have no idea who you were... but.... if you're out there, canya check to see if I left my scarf in your car? It was blue and green....
4	A $20 cover on Thursday!?  But, then again, this is Las Vegas.  Even still, my friends and I went in and I was instantly impressed by the atmosphere they had created.  The front is a hip hop lounge with go-go dancers and great seating.  The back of the club is a techno dance area with a great DJ and great music!
3	The boys are hot, came here for my 21st. Drinks were ok. Maybe I came on a bad night or something but this place was not cracking!!! Compare this to Rage Saturday nights in LA and seriously its a joke.
2	Trendy look, typical go go boys and lots of people standing and drooling over said go go boys. Music wasn't amazing if I recall, but mostly b/c it was trancy - not my thing. A good place to get a drink and get the night started but I would not have this be a destination bar again. In fact, I woulndn't feel at all upset if I didn't get back here the next time I'm in Vegas. That said, it's connected to 8 1/2 (and there's just the one cover charge), so if you go there (which per my review you might given the right circumstance), you might check this place out just because. Hey, at least you get to see the cool piranhas they have!
1	Too bad there isn't an option for no stars.  We went for a friend's birthday.  Each paid $20 cover, not sure why (Saturday night, no holiday).  The front bar was dark.  Bar tenders gave love to regulars and sort of ignored everyone else.  Drag show was a literal drag.  They had one MC and two rotating queens doing numbers.  The blonde chic was actually nice out in the courtyard after the show, which is rare for drag queens around these parts.  Drinks were overpriced and the bar staff was a little creepy, suites and all.  Felt as if the Secret Service was in the house.  I wouldn't go back, especially to pay $20 to get in.  Retarded.
1	im starting to think that the gay nightlife in vegas is lame cause i came here as well... and i sure did come on a bad night. horrible.
2	Gay nightlife is Vegas is sad.We went to Piranha, because we were in the neighborhood. They had a line at 2:30 on Friday, so Saturday - we returned for the full experience. We thought, hey, we never see that in SF. Must be a good sign.Signs can be misleading.The club is an interesting space, it's got a VIP area (who knows why) and then a general floor. Everything is small, bars are laced through the area along with people who were awfully cocky. Drinks were crappy and uber-expensive, I had a Three Olives Grape and soda for $10. And it tasted more like Perrier with Splenda.There was a go-go boy here who couldn't dance at all. It was like watching a limp piece of beef flop around. Yuck. You can tell if a go-go boy is straight or not, by the way he dances. And this one was straight. The other one was the better "straight" go-go boy.A Piranha with a lack of a bite. Maybe, next time it would be worth it to do VIP. But other than, as the old saying goes . . . "there's no place like home."
1	If I may quote from Lindsey R.'s 3/2009 review:"My friend Kim D. is right about Vegas gay clubs....there's just something strange about them. I don't know, for such a glitzy and flamboyant city like Las Vegas, I was surprised at how un-gay it really is, and at how much trouble they have at creating such an atmosphere..."I couldn't have said it better. I was really surprised how hard it was to find a good gay club while here. I loved their outdoor "faux goth" fireplace area (whatever you call it). I could have imagined doing some dirty, bad things in there if it wasn't for the smell of rotting garbage totally killing the mood.I have decided that I am sooooo not a fan of Lady Ga-Ga. I mean, I was on the fence before coming to Vegas, but I am pretty well-decided now.
5	haha this place is off the beaten path of vegas and actually pretty cool... whether its whitey tighty wednesday *free driinks.... or just a fri/sat... its an awesome place to kick it...im straight and theres tons of girls here too... :) dentista
2	Great music. My style.  Drinks are okay.  The tall door guy with the facial hair, thing, whatever he's trying to pull off.... DORK!!!! My girlfriend is gay... and he would not take no for an answer!!!! They had some performer there with some idiot dancing on stage with her - THE DANCER ALMOST PUSHED HER OFF!!!  Can you say loser... please put your shirt back on. VIP guy, Oscar, cute and very friendly.  I'll buy a bottle from him... if I ever decide to go back.  LOSE THE JERKS AT THE DOOR!!!!!!!!!!
1	okay.... now I am never going back.  The front door people are azzzzzzzzzzzzzes
1	Yep... I guess I am destined to punish myself.  I decided to give it one more try.  Mr. Prick was at the door.  I didn't even bother trying to go in.  Ever thought of having attractive people at the door?  And polite!  That would be just fantastic!  And Fabulous even!
5	Simply the nicest and most modern gay club in Vegas.  With no cover charge before 11pm and nightly drink specials, this is the place to go for a fun time in a nice setting.They constantly play videos all over the club which is a good distraction. Plenty of sitting areas, including comfortable couch sections located all around the back of the club. There's a large pool table too where you can spend your time playing as you wait for the back of the club to open at 1 am. That would be my only complain, the room in the back where the best music and dancing takes place doesn't open until 1 am. And if you are there since 11, like we were to take advantage of the no cover, it seems like an eternity. But once you are in, the music is great and the dancing is non stop.  It doesn't hurt either that they have go-go boys dancing along on make shift boxes.
4	This place is really hit or miss. I have had awesome times there and meet really cool people but other nights the crowd and specials are not so great. The best days to come here are either Friday or Saturday when they have some decent special like $10 liquor bust or $1 long islands. As other people said the cover is really unevenly applied, I have seen locals both get in free and be charge at all hours, its like it depends on how cute you look. Tourist are almost always 10 or 20 bucks. Eight and a half is where you enter into and usually they open piranha about midnight, the to clubs connect and you can walk back and forth, piranha is more the dance music and rave style club where as eight and a half is more about drinking and socializing. Don't even bother with the VIP upstairs on the piranha side, its just more of the exact same thing just higher prices.
1	Im not really sure what was going on here... It was so dark on the first dance floor and too bright on the second. I think the VIP area upstairs is tacky so all the 'high rollers' can stare down on you...very weird.Cover was $20 Saturday after midnight, Why? Id rather dance in my room...We went and hung out with the hotdog guy who was really nice. he hooked us up to get in for 1/2 price and said it was the most popular place to be in Vegas...Im not sure why. Although it was busy, it wasn't for me...The Go-Go dancers....hummmmm... Yasmin G said it best in her reviewPros:The hotdog cart accross the wayThe drag queen named ChocolateCons: All the rest.
5	I feel really weird reviewing a club non-anonymously when I know that one or both of my parents read what I write on Yelp. So... that alone should tell you that I was pretty determined to weigh in on Piranha.Going to clubs is a matter of having it match your expectations. When I dance at gay clubs, I want to be surrounded by a ton of enthusiastic people. I'm not there to pick anyone up, so I don't care how good-looking they are, but I like a well-dressed crowd. I want to recognize the songs I hear, because yeah, I am one of those people who sings along when I like the video.When my friend and I went to Piranha on Friday and Saturday night last week, it met every single one of these criteria. I approve of all the GaGa and Britney they played. I'm totally okay with being charged $20 cover (only past 11 pm though) if that's what kept the floor from getting way overcrowded.The bathroom attendant is a nice touch. I didn't use the array of lotions they have by the sinks, but it was really comforting to have that clean little oasis of quiet whenever I needed to take a pit stop.I left Vegas actually wishing I could find an equivalent club back home. Since I live in San Francisco, which is like, the gay capital of the world, I hope it won't be too tough to do.
4	So maybe I should start by clarifying that I am not gay and I'm not a gay club connoisseur. In my humble opinion this is the best gay nightclub I have ever been to. I think this club usually has some special where you pay $20 and get unlimited drinks all night. But since we came in the weekend after New Years (on Thursday) they weren't honoring the promo/offer. Entering the club was kind of annoying. There were 2 guys one telling us that all out of state peeps were going to have to pay $20/$30 a piece. So it would be in our best interest to buy a VIP table with a bottle and pay $150 (+$17 gratuity) versus 3 out of towners paying $20/$30 each and everyone paying for their own drinks. Needless to say since I was one of the out of state people benefiting the most from this arrangement I voted YES. They give you mixers with whatever alcohol you opt for. We opted for Vodka and I opted for the pineapple juice mixer. Reminded me of Forgetting Sarah Marshall.VIP tables are on the 2nd floor which is a little weird bc yes you are staring down at people and all the VIP's keep pretty separate. We really didn't stay upstairs too long. It's not like everyone was dancing upstairs (but you have the room too). I really liked the drag queen show on the 1st floor. I can't remember her name but my fave was the Lady GaGa (Bad Romance) performance. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1PVFYjySeMsHUYnshzpAGw?select=RyrvBbNeCx1E_B3w-uQFkgDance floor below was packed but not so much that you couldn't move without hitting someone else. Then there's the male go go dancers stationed on both parts of the dance floor. Looked like they were straight out of the Jersey Shore. Crowd seemed pretty nice too.
2	Are there that many unattractive men in Vegas that you need have a continuous smoke machine to mask their fuglyness? This place is a blackout, you can't see, it's hot, and dingy. Why do these establishments never reinvest the money earned? Where does a 20 dollar cover charge go to? It's nice to get off the strip, but you still need a little light.
5	Great atmosphere! Staff is friendly and fun!   Love love love the music videos in 8 1/2 Ultra lounge-can't beat the liquor bust specials, what other place in Vegas can you drink for four hours on $10? Best gay club in Vegas by far!
1	Wow! What a toilet! The outdoor patio smells like rotting garbage. (That is the entryway mind you) We had to walk through a dirt parking lot to get to this dump. We were suprised at a $20 cover and even more upset when we got inside and no one was there! Once we distracted the bartender from chatting with friends we realized he was REALLY drunk! He made us the wrong drinks and when we asked him to correct them he got pissy. Customers in the bar were really ghetto and not very classy at all. I wish I could give this place "NO" stars....it doesnt seem fair! YUCK!
2	I have lived in Phoenix, Denver, Washington DC, Hong Kong, and Dallas, so have had some good exposure to clubs in a variety of places. The club was near the strip, which made travel to and from the club extremely convenient and cheap (if you ride taxi). We went on a Thursday night and they had a well drink bust ($10 for all you can drink), plus they did charge a $20 cover. I have heard that the cover can be waived or cheaper if you have flyers, text messages from their texting service, etc., so if possible plan ahead and try to sign-up for their texting program or locate a flyer. If you are an out-of-town visitor who drinks and is on a budget, this is probably one of the better places to go, especially if on a Thursday (bust). I would have to rate this club as average, nothing to exciting to write home about. Pros: - Good Music- Friendly Staff- LocationCons: - Unfriendly Door Staff- $20 Cover Charge- Crowd (seemed like a lot of tired locals)- Ventilation (Average)
4	At first I was afraid, I was petrified. Kept thinking 'how will I survive,without a gay by my side.' But I spent a few big bucks, Tryin' to get me drunk.I got buzzed. I learned how to socialize. And so here he came...The VIP bouncer.He asked, who's with ya here? With that cute look upon your face.. I said just me, myself and I! I was all by myself... So He paused for just one second..AND GAVE ME FREE VIP!Go on, now go!Walk up those little stairs.. Find some new friends, And enjoy that nice special space!.& Scene..This review is long overdue! I spent a week in Vegas for my brothers wedding back in February 2009.. being the only gay in the family, I knew I had to have my scary nights navigating the bars. So after a few free drinks at the hotel, I ventured over to the fruit loop and used Yelp to navigate me into Piranha. After meandering the bar for a few drinks, the VIP bouncer whistled me over to the base of the stairs and asked me who I was with, where I was from, etc. He must've felt sad for me, because he gave me a free VIP bracelet within minutes. It was a very nice gesture, as I was pretty bored after walking the area. And although the VIP space is nothing to blog about, I found everyone working here to be very friendly. The drinks were strong. The people weren't too bad, and the music was awesome!If you're a local checking out the scene, or looking for a less touristy / money-draining bar, check out Piranha!
1	This club was tired! Tired remixes of mediocre songs from irrelevant artists.Tired go-go's who weren't so much dancing as they were just running in place. Tired trannies, fag hags and ghetto blatino boys (not the good kind) all made me want a refund on the $20 bones (each) my bestie and I shelled out to get in. That's $1 for every minute we spent in this awful place before we just couldn't bear it any longer. Don't bother.
2	While visiting Vegas my local friend took me to Piranha to experience Vegas nightlife. I was unprepared for the $20 cover but later learned that this was a standard cover for non-locals.I was unimpressed with the crowd, the ambiance and the size of the club/bar. We stayed for about 25 minutes and I will not go back. This place just isn't my scene.ConsThe go go dancers are allegedly straight and didn't dance, they just ran in place.The crowd was tired, unattractive localsThe dance floor is itty bitty and no one even danced they just stood around looking at each other.ProsYou can smoke inside, but that is available everywhere in Vegas.There are no slot machines.
4	Still not as awesome as it could be, but I'll give them kudos for fully staffing the bar... and it seems a little cleaner than my last visit.The go-go boys crack me up. There was a guy here who was pretty hot, except he was wearing a knee brace. Yeah, a knee brace. Is it really that crucial?! I mean, I know construction is really slow here and all, but really?!Anyway...
1	One star only because I can't rate zero stars... $20 cover on a Monday night for "non-locals"?!!! 'Nuff said. Way to welcome visitors to your town who would normally spend money at your bar. Instead, I'll just spend my money at resorts/casinos that welcome tourist money. Gay scene in Vegas = TIRED
5	As a frequent visitor to Las Vegas. I went there last night for the first time saturday 2/5/11. I had an awesome time. Great atmosphere and the drinks were very reasonable for such a hot nightclub. Can't wait to visit again.
2	Not my thang! TERRIBLE music and light crowd. Non-eventful. Could have had more fun walking down the strip. The strippers are BLAH. Good thing I did not pay cover. I'll try KRAVE next time.
3	been here for a few times. like the crowd, and the separated design.
1	All I wanted was a beer... So the first bartender we went to ignored us so long (and the place was dead at this time) we went to the next bartender who said not only could I not have a beer but that I also could not have a water and that all he could give me was hard liquor...  I asked for a refund which he then told me I also could not have.  Then, seeing as I wasn't pissed off enough, in the middle of all this he decided to help someone else rather than make things right.  As I left the bar my boy friend tried to reason with the manager who said he would of course get me my beer and water but by then I was so angry at the bartender I had no intentions to sit in there and pretend to be in a good mood.  Thanks to the manager for having some sense but you need to be more selective with your bartenders.  Sorry Piranha, but you wont see me in there ever again and I wont have nice things to say about you because of him, your bartender.  No Piranha, I will not be back.
4	Every time I'm in Vegas I go here at least once maybe twice (second time would be during bar/club hoping)  I love it, aside from sometimes there's not enough girls but its still fun; always a lot of people but not crowded, good music NO DRAMA (that is thee best) good looking people, strong drinks, all around good times except for sometimes the second room gets a lil musty and again not enough girls. Ive never paid more than $20 but common people its Vegas and if you get there before 12 its free sometimes $10 and if you're cool with the guy checking i.d.s then he might tell you come back out at 12 and ill give you a stamp so you can go in and out as you please. I always have fun there and never had an issue.... haha funny story the very first time I went there, there was this cougar who was trying to take my cookies and bought me I don't even know how many hennessy and cokes and all my friends beer, but I'm a good girl I didn't go home with her lmao, it was fun! I just suggest when you go let lose have fun you're in Vegas and what happens in Vegas..... you know the rest ;o)  just have a good time and if you're broke well you shouldn't be in Vegas most clubs are $20 or moreP.S. sometimes take the little flyers people hand out for clubs/bars there are some good deals
4	Had a blast the night I came down to the club.  I had never been here... From what I found out, this club is fairly new.  When the taxi dropped us off we had a promoter approach us and ask if we wanted to be VIP.  We declined, but once we came inside there wasn't any complaints.  Great music, packed club.  I had a good time! :-)
4	So every time we are in Vegas, we make sure to make a stop at this club. It's off the strip which makes it a good club because you can mingle with the locals as much as the tourist. I like it because it's small and everyone is very friendly, well almost everyone. There is one douche of a go-go dancer that goes up to people, pokes them and then points at his undies so you can tip him. He is annoying and other than that, this place is fun! Music is great and great drinks!
3	So, I am from L.A. and not gay, but I hang out in WeHo w/ my two gay friends(MAYJAH fag hag here) and go dancing all the time. This place is tra.gic compared to my usual spots, but its okay for out of town.     Their music was soooooooooooooooooo disappointing! Borderline aweful.    Their dancers were good looking, but the only one that stood out to me was Buck. What a hot piece of ass he is! Give him all your money, but stay away cuz I'll have to smack you! He's mine!      Since I was drunk these two things didn't phase me until the next day.
5	I love this small club. You walk in thinking its a small floor but in the back it opens on to another music room and private seating above in the second flood.  They offer great eye candy for any gender from towel boy day to tidy whities night.  The music is jumping and floor is small but I have never left their with out dripping from the sweat of dancing til the wee hours.  As a female, I love being around gay men they don't try to hump your leg when you start dancing.
3	This is definitely where the locals go to party, or as my friend David K. calls this area...the fruit loop. Scattered amongst a few other gay bars and located of the strip we decided to take a cab there one night. I was totally thrown of by the $20 cover charge to get in (since were not locals), but my date was kind enough to pay my share. Piranha is located in the rear of 8 1/2 so it was kind of like 2 clubs in one, Piranha is the dance area, equipped with go go dancers and all. All in all a pretty laid back place, at least the night we were there to get your booty shaking on!
1	Very caddy people, employees are very unfriendly. The dance floor was sticky and the club was filthy. I will never go there again and would not recommend this club. People were bumping into you and spilling there drinks on you. If you want to get into a fight this is a perfect place.
2	2.5 stars A disappointing gay club that fails to provide adequate ventilation to filter out the smoke and stench of sweat that permeates the small space. Since it's one of the few gay clubs in Vegas, I've been here numerous times and I've been able to assess the damages. The atmosphere recalls the Haunted Mansion but add drag queens and house remixes. The place can be fun...if you're totally hammered. It feels like your almost in a house party and you run into the same people all night. They do have an outdoor patio and a gimmicky upstairs area. Nothing to see there unless you want to feel exclusive and VIP (LMAO). There are two very small dance floors: one is hip-hop, the other is house remixes. Take your pick. Locals are free before a certain time (12:30?). Last time I checked, non-locals are charge an outrageous $20. Um, no way, I was charged the same at Tryst and this place doesn't not even compare. However, it is a major social site for Vegas gays. So if you're a new local gay, this place is an okay option. But aside from a few cute bartenders and open bar with text, there's barely enough to warrant a recommendation.
3	Let's be honest, I think this bar is trying to hard.  Lately, they've been trying to become an ultra lounge and I think it's working when it comes to bringing in more money, however not the vibe.  The people are still the same.On Saturday, we came to Piranha because of the open bar from 11pm-12am with Facebook check-in.  There are a lot of bars that are generous when it comes to their pour, but not Piranha.  They measure every drop and it irritates me, not that I'm a drunk or anything.It's hard not to compare this place to other bars I've been to around the country.  I've had some great nights at Piranha.  Looking back though, these great nights were due to us making them great.  This place to me is ok.
4	My favorite gay club hands down. Sure it may look small but it it's poppin on Fridays and Saturdays. Love the music you have your choice of hip hop top 40 or dance music on the Pirahna side. Djs are amazing as well as the sound system. Also love the go go boys and shot boys that come around. Been to many clubs around Vegas this has been my favorite gay or straight club The bartenders are quick and friendly. If your visiting Vegas Its worth stopping by for some fun in a friendly atmosphere.
4	Attached to 8.5. Same scene. Booze and dance.
4	This club is attached to 8 1/2 which makes the $20 cover worth paying.  Gogo dancers are yummy.  bartenders are so attentive and friendly.  They do play mainly house music.  Hip Hop music and dance is played on the 8 1/2 side.  Drinks are reasonable $8 wells, and they do use big drink cups, and they have a strong poor. This is where most locals come, and the crowd is the typical gay fabulousness bitches.
2	I guess I don't really get it. The crowd wasn't so enticing, the drinks are horrible (and expensive), it's packed to the point of discomfort, and the music could seriously be taken down a notch. So much ado for so very little. The fact that I was already totally hammered when I got there and still managed to feel this way means it must really be pretty bad. Maybe I'm just getting too old for this, but I won't be back. I certainly would never, under any circumstances, pay a cover.
1	honestly save your money your time and your belonging. This club is known for getting your things stolen. Shady place no security. Very missleading ads please do my a favor and save yourselves.
3	This is apparently not the spot to be anymore since the line is nonexistent and there was no wait for anything. We got into a half filled dance floor and had a good time on our own. Coming into the gay clubs with huge expectations will only lead to disappointment. Instead, I will just take it for face value and come to dance with my friends. If I wanted a place that has great deals on drinks and a comfortable place to hang with friends then I would go to the Garage. There is a time and place for all these establishments. What I did notice was that it got smokey quick and out of nowhere. The filtration system needs some work.
5	I had so much fun at this place on a Friday night out!  1) No cover charge2) 3 rooms- different D.J's- music was good!3) Half naked men dancing on stage 4) Most importantly I spent practically nothing on drinks.5) The dance floor was small but you have room to mingle.Overall a good time, good energy in the air, will definitely be going back!
1	If you love hanging out with the crowd that refers to their shoes, cars or handbags by their brand name or think paying a hefty cover for the privilege to overpay for watery drinks is 'fabulous' then you'll feel right at home at Piranha.  And if you have a minimum of $175 burning a hole in your pocket, give it to one of the many cold and charmless staff and they'll grant you access to their little balcony and let you pour your own drink with the bottle they throw in for the privilege. I didn't have that much cash I wanted to dispose of but it wouldn't surprise me if they were the bottles they provide on airplanes.  If the bar had a theme the night my friends and I lost $20 each on their cover, I'm guessing it was "Pretentious." Did I mention the abundance of straight chicks or the absolute void of sexual energy? I would have enjoyed the crowd more at a straight Vegas nightclub and you wouldn't catch me at one of those unless I was dropping someone off.  If you are gay and looking for a hip hangout, you'll probably enjoy this nightclub about as much as you would enjoy a swim with a bunch of those little fish this place was named after.
4	OK First things First- This place needs to pave the parking lot!!! If you have a nice car you might want to skip parking near here.. The club has very good music, one side has different music and setup than the other side when you first walk in.. The Drinks are priced about right for a night clube near the strip. Been busy most of the time i've been there.. Prob the best gay night club so far in vegas, We should see how the New KRAVE club with be in spring 2013.
2	Service was poor, cover for out of towners was $10 on a monday night, which was kind of high as we were ready to leave after 15 minutes, but tried to stay about 30 to get our 'money's worth'.  As is typical for most vegas places, it smells like an ashtray.  The better better places do a good job filtering the air, but this one was pretty bad.  Locals paid $5 and got unlimited drinks...I couldn't even get a drink when I went to the bar (the bartender was more worried about bar maintenance than service.  After waiting 5 minutes we walked away and left in 10 minutes disappointed.  Sorry we wasted our time when there are much better things to do.  The only reason I gave two instead of one is the bar inside was pretty nicely designed, although I felt sorry for the tortured fish that have to listen to non stop music...or maybe they like it, I don't know.  We probably won't make a future trip here.
5	The Fruit Loop can be a hit or miss. Depends on the night, but Fridays and Saturdays are the best time. We didn't arrive til 4 and the parking lot was full. It was free for locals and we walked right in. The place was packed and the music was pretty good. A Long Island was $10, cheap by Vegas standards. Will be back.
3	Fun club that's open until 6am. A lot of house/techno music. They played a little Beyonce & Rihanna, right up my ally.
2	Coming from Boston and it's horrible gay scene my expectations were really not that high, but the Piranha made me feel like I hadn't left home.  We came here two nights during our week long trip.  The first night (Sunday) it was busy, mainly older guys.  The second night was not so busy.  Drinks were cheap compared to most of the places that I visited throughout the week, and people were friendly.  Glad I didn't get my hopes up too high is all.
5	This is my 2nd time here & this club hasn't failed me yet. I love the tranny show! Always fun, 2 dance rooms & fun atmosphere. I shall visit next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Nice but the music is WAY too loud bring earplugs
3	I came here from Houston Tx. On my 1 week visit, I came on a wendsday night but I had high expectation about this club cause I've read about it since I was in houston and I thought this was the gay place to be while in Vegas, was I so wrong !! I understand it was a Wenesday  night but in houston there's clubs and bars that are busy pretty much all week so I thought this place was gonna be wild and fun since is in " LAS VEGAS " but it was boring and empty as hell, the music was good, the drinks were cheap and good and the service was good, the building was clean and nice looking so just for that I'm gonna give it a 3 stars. I would give it 2.5 if I could but I guess 2 would not be fair. So yeah 3 stars.. I was very disappointed.
1	I visited this bar buring my dbay on 7/17. Locals were not friendly at all and the slinky looking gogo boy made a huge deal when I pulled out my camera to take a pic. Believe me, I just wanted to share with my friends the sadness of gogo boys that this bar had. My intentions were not to put up a shrine for you, you are not La Virgen de Guadalupe you are much closer to depiction from El Dia de Los Muertos.I will definitely not recommend this establishment to any of my friends here in SF.
3	Our cab driver clocked us and told us about Piranha so we thought we would check it out. The location seemed a little sketch but I was a little drunk and felt adventurous, haha. We get there and there is no line but we see people outside, I don't think there was a cover that night as well... We get in and the layout is actually pretty cute but it's a small place. There was a drag show going on and I'm glad we caught the end of it, wasn't very appealing. Drinks were reasonably priced and the bartenders were nice
5	Gorgeous club, excellent VIP area. The music was great and the drag show was spectacular, I had such a great time. Gay or straight, head to Pirahnna, it will not disappoint.
2	Shit show. Front door midget has a Napoleon complex. And $20 cover? Rip off. "VIP" lets you go upstairs whoooooo. Overall the music and people were ok, this coming from a straight guy in a gay club. Outdoor seating is kinda nice even though it's table service only. Music was decent, friend made out with a random couple but this place definitely isn't worth $20. Should be free for guys for once.
4	Went to Piranha Nightclub with my best friend for my first time last night. He loves it there and we were in the neighborhood, so I asked, "why not?" It started out great when I found that it has free admission! When we got inside, I found it to be really cool! It was a fun environment and everyone was having a great time! The lip sync shows are pretty neat! Those drag queens are really entertaining!! My drink of choice is always Amaretto Stone Sour. I ordered one and the bartender made it great!! I was very happy. :) Great company, great atmosphere, great drinks...I will probably be going again!! :)
3	This was my first visit to Piranha to check it out with a group of friends. We went on a night where they had a special text promotion for an all you can drink night for $8. Yes that is what got us to get our asses over to party, they had us at "all you can drink". We had a lot of fun, I like how there is inside and outside space to relax, hang out, drink, smoke or whatever it is you do. The outside is cute and looks like a little VIP seating area which is open to all!The drink service was good, decent drinks being poured although their maximum pour was 1 1/2 ounce of liquor. No double shots going on here lol.I danced a little, drank a lot and had a lot of good laughs and some perverted crazy fun with good people.If they keep those drink specials up we will be back for sure to party the night away!The staff is pretty cool as well so props to them and the security crew for being so chill and welcoming to our large group.
2	Good tunes, but I had coupons for free beer from both Yelp and Foursquare, and they gave me the run around on them. Never got my free beer.
5	I had fun at the club
4	I'm not sure why people are so opinionated about this place.  My expectations for clubs are very low, so that I'm not as disappointed.  However, I have to say I was quite surprised when I went here.First off, there was a sign that said there is a never a cover charge. which is a plus!  That is one major problem I have with clubs.  I plan on paying for a drink if I visit your club, so don't charge me to enter.  I see how it's needed for crowded clubs, to keep out customers who don't pay for drinks. The bouncer was nice.  That's hard to find sometimes in clubs, another plus.  Also, free parking.The inside was pretty cool.  Couches, a dance floor, a bar, and other rooms.  Everything was dimly lit, which I don't mind.  I didn't have a problem with ventilation.The other reviews do scare me, but I'll come back here when I'm in Vegas again.
5	So ok,  I don't really understand the people who seethingly hate this place.  It's one of Vegas' best gay dance clubs.  It's a classic. Nothing about here feels worse than other clubs,  same drink prices,  same Vegas local/tourist clientele,  same bartenders... Well,  friendlier bartenders actually.  I'd normally give this place 4 stars,  but it's got a few perks other clubs don't have.  I'd say if you want a great night out in Vegas dancing &  drinking this place is as good as any to go.  And with no cover,  ever.... Well. No brainer. And the renovation has made this place pretty nice. I don't have a single reason to say this place deserves any less.  Give it a chance and don't be stubborn about hating it if you do.
1	Was a bit boring .. not really a fan of drag shows lastes to long aswell so I left it was a waste of time and brought down my buzz
4	Fun little place for some dancing and hanging around. Came here after a night at Light on the Strip, and the place was still going at 2:00am. The crowd is mixed and fun, all ages, genders, and orientations.Bouncer was nice. Drinks are on the expensive side. Two rooms - one hip hop and the other EDM/dance. The hip hop room was banging. The outdoor patio area is really cute with lots of cabanas.
5	This place is so much fun. I'm not sure what's up with the bad reviews. We had no issues whatsoever. Hot bartenders and dancers. Very friendly crowd. We found our new favorite bar.
3	I went with a group for my friends birthday. The neighborhood is a little.. eh.. but that's what you get when you veer off the strip. The place was pretty empty for a Thursday I thought. We had bottle service for the birthday boy (which wasn't bad) and had a great time. The VIP lounge upstairs is really nice. Drink prices are just like everywhere else in Vegas. Go for the dancing.
4	My girlfriend and I went last night. This place has been highly recommended to us by several of our friends. We almost didn't make it out last night but I'm definitely glad we did.The placed looked awesome. I took a few pictures of the place, check them out I posted them. The atmosphere was amazing! We made several friends through out the evening, we even had a marriage proposal, lmao!The patio was cool little spot to just chill. There's a fireplace and just enough space to move around. The front room was nicely set up with couches, dancers, and a bar to greet you upon entrance. The back room was a little smaller but it was cool to have an upstairs, which apparently is for VIPs. But nobody told us how to become VIPs to get up there. The music was the latest and greatest. The DJs were visual and open to suggestions. The dancers were all dressed up with wings and a mask. They looked pretty cool.The drinks were on the pricy side but we know Vegas drinks always run high! Although high in price very tasty! The bartenders were all friendly and very much shirtless and pant-less.The women's restroom was clean but no lock which was horrible if you go solo. And when I told the lady at the coat check that the toilet paper was almost out, and they need to replenish it soon she handed me a handful of napkins and laugh... Totally rude! I'm high on customer service and that's definitely one thing I didn't like.The best part of the whole night was at the end of it all there was a taco truck parked in the parking lot! Carne Asada tacos... Hell yeah!
4	Bottle service was perfect... The VIP host was absolutely accommodating. This is the second time I got bottle service and I was very impressed both times. The djs need some work (why I gave them only 4 stars). If they were better I would have given this place a perfect score. Definely go though!
5	Im from Los Angeles , i went to Las Vegas to celebrate my birthday , this place was highly recommended to me so i went to Check it out saturday night and it was amazing! Great experience ,Friendly people & good vibes ! The show they had was very entertaining and fun to watch the gogos worked it.The djs were really good, Drinks could use a little more alcohol but other than that the night was perfect ! There was this guy that totally made my night! Unfortunately i didn't  catch his name but he worked that platform! He was very friendly and supper hot ! Made my night unforgettable thats forsure! Next time im in vegas ill be coming again no doubt!
4	Drinks are reasonably priced. Great size club. Lounge, club, & outdoor areas keeps the night fresh. Being stuck in the same room with the same music is something I hate when I'm at other clubs. Being that they have a place to kick it outside where it's quiet is what keeps me there longer. The men at this club are hot and beefy. Not anorexic and twinky. The fish tank is beautiful. The drag shows are always on point. Never a dull moment when there is a performance. Plenty of drunk boys to play with.
4	Host knows just what customer service is. Friendly and handed us complimentary VIP wristbands.  More mature crowd than other nearby places (which is a good thing). Music is good.
1	Talk about the resection!!! Drinks are over priced; it's better to buy your own bottle for what your going to pay for 2 drinks!! Nothing like ghetto drinking at the parking lot! What happened to the good old gay days!! They won't take debit unless you spend more then 30 dollars on drinks!! Bartenders think just because they have the looks; your suppose to give them a nice tip!! Over all the only times I go is when there's RPDG performers!!
3	I felt like I was hot boxed at Piranha since so many people were smoking cigarettes. Coming from California, it was hard to get used to people smoking indoors. The ventilation was either not working or not very good because every breath I took was filled with smoke. I needed a gas mask.The music was pretty good playing a good mix of older songs with remixes of newer songs. It was harder to dance in the beginning of the night since there were a ton of people. But as the night progressed, people started leaving and there was more and more room to move around and dance. But since it seemed the go to place, it attracts all different kinds of people and it get a little sketch. Also, the dungeon/dark atmosphere was interesting...
1	Unfriendly bartenders who refused to give me a cup of water (bottled only) and have a $25 minimum for drinks.  Music was average, crowd was rather dull, I'd suggest going to Krave or Share for a better gay bar experience in Vegas.
3	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #150 - #365My friend invited me to go to Piranha after having bottom less drinking at Koi in Planet Hollywood. I didn't want to go but since I never checked out Piranha, "Why the hell not?"Driving there wasn't too bad, located in the fruit loop area next to 8 1/2 Ulta Lounge, Gypsy, and Free Zone. Their parking lot was full of dirt and wasn't packed for a weekend. Like other people have said, there comes a time and place for a club and this time it has gone for Piranha. Ever since Krave opened, most of the patrons would go there. Then Share opened now you see the correlation of new clubs vs old clubs of patrons looking for the next big thing. We paid $10 for cover and surprised to see it not as packed as I thought. Clientele was mixed young and old, it felt pretty cozy inside and not as packed. I definitely see myself checking this Piranha out on the weekends. Maybe I came in a bad time.
5	Best VIP Service in town!!
3	It was awesome until I got charged for a corona  I didn't drink. Until that I was in love.
1	This bar/club plays too many games. Nice that they dropped their cover for out of state residents after Krave Massive opened but they're still playing games with their promotions. Went there on a Tuesday in July and their text claimed $2 well drinks from 12-1 am. Well, only if you get a wristband which was not mentioned in the text. Bartender was rude about it and wanted his $22.50 for 3 drinks. Pulled our $20 from his hand and left...won't EVER be back. There are better places in Vegas for gays than this joint...
1	I'm from Los Angeles and thought since I was in Las Vegas the clubs were suppose to be a great experience. I got to this club and strike one is they don't play hip hop which I thought was ridiculous. The tired music they did play was late and the people were very corny at this place. I asked the Dj why they weren't playing hip hop and he said the owner didn't want to attract the wrong crowd which was completely ridiculous in a world where hip hop is liked by 80% of the population. I just really feel like this club needs new management and hopefully someone who's young and with the program. Whoever's running this place is completely out of time with the people and obviously doesn't know how to please the people. I would have to say that this was my worst experience ever at a modern day nightclub. Vegas is known for it's great nightclubs but I can honestly say this place was so boring I ended up sitting on the couch. The two rooms they have only played  techno and top forty music which only lames listen to which the whole place looked  like people from Kansas City or somewhere lame like that. Absolutely the worst Dj I've ever heard. Don't waist your time at this dump unless you like techno all night and expensive watered down drinks. I really wants to give zero stars but unfortunately that wasn't an option.
5	This was my first time to Piranha Nightclub and my VIP host Justin made sure everything was setup and ready for our arrival. We had VIP Bottle Service and our server Jay was awesome. It was a great night of dancing and drink. Can't wait to come back :)
4	This place was very fun overall.  We did the VIP bottle service which was definitely the best value in Vegas for VIP.  The staff was very friendly and wanted to give a great experience.  One suggestion is do not get there until around midnight.  It is dead before that and they don't open the main room until then.  Also, the music was not great in the main room, ironically in the first room down stairs the music is better with a mix of hip hop.  The club is super busy so for the price I would definitely recommend VIP.
4	Where to start where to start? So my friend and myself wanted to experience the gay nightlife in Las Vegas for our trip, I had heard about piranha from another friend so we decided to stop on by. There are things I do like and things I don't, I'm going to be right upfront and say the stupidest thing for me is the $25 minimum on a cards, they do provide an ATM with a low fee amount but still, come on people! Who pays in case anymore!!! The biggest plus was it was easy to get to and just for checking in on yelp you get a free drink, I mean what's not to love? The down side is when you start buying your own your spending $8.50 for barly 1 shot of booze per drink! :-/ I don't know if I'm just hard core used to SD clubs but yea that's not enough for me! HahaTo sum it up it was. Great time. I would go again and in fact we came two nights in a row. Fun environment and worth the cons.
1	16$ for two sprites out of the fountain?!?!? Never again! And im a local bartender!! Never heard of not even in New York !
1	what a dump, so small, owner is always a coked out drunk and the people who go there look like trailer trash. never going again
4	I've tried a couple different gay clubs here in Vegas when I visit and I come back to Piranhas because the music selection is usually great, no cover and I just have a plain ole good time! I will definitely come back again n again when I am in town!
5	Only bar/club in Vegas that has been a positive experience. Very friendly bartenders... especially Bobby and JJ. (Even the security officers were pleasant). The gay scene in Vegas anywhere else has been lame. Drinks may be expensive at times... but come on, it's VEGAS!
4	Went here for a place to drink and dance with a few friends when out in Vegas for a convention. We had our first round of drinks and then were ready to head out, but the beautiful drag queen hostess outside gave us VIP wristbands and convinced us to stay. Glad we did because we had a great time. Bartender was cute and friendly and even one of the gogo boys stopped to take a pic with us. Dancers are muscular not twigs, and the crowd was definitely having a good time. I would check this bar out for sure. Keep in mind that it's pretty small though.
1	We went here on a Friday night. The line wasn't very long but the people could not get it together. Once up to the front we were told the cover was 4x more for tourist than locals. Great way to piss people off before you even walk in. Once in we all got $13 tiny rum and cokes that were ridiculously weak. The music was bad too. They played Britney Spears "work" four times.  Some of the dancers were hot but some had their dicks packed and covered them each time anyone tried to give them $1. We went to "Share" Saturday night and it was quite a bit better. Great music and no cover, not even for tourist. I would suggest you go there.
3	It's alright...about what you'd expect to pay for drinks at a club in Vegas music is top 40 and cute gogo dancers if that's your thing.  I'd rather hang at Free Zone accross the screen.
5	The place is a mess and probably will not be open much longer. The biggest issue is the credit card policy. You cannot charge anything unless you buy at least $25 in drinks!!! On top of that they only take Visa and MasterCard. The drinks are small and they measure ever drop of liquor to make sure they can be as cheap as possible. The staff also doesn't seem to have any idea what is going on. It looks like they have monkeys running this place. It's best to just hit up one of the other Gay clubs with much more going on.
2	I had fun here a couple times and the place has really gone downhill. I kind of feel bad for some of the staff because it looks like this place has a major management issue. I also notice that every time I come it's a whole new staff. The drinks are also not as good as the other places around. I visited on NCOD weekend when the place should be packed but was a disappointment.
3	Drink before you go
1	The way this place treats customers I'm surprised they have any customers at all. From the time you walk in, it looks like the employees hate working here. When you ask for a manager you get a manager named Angelo or Angel not sure because he didn't want to talk. The manager was even worse when asked for assistance. This manager could definitely use a customer service course.  Worst service in Vegas I will be disputing charges and complaining to BBB! I had simple issues that could have been handled without all of this. Drinks were ok and nothing special with decent price. I don't really care for the fact that it takes a long time to get a drink at times. Dancers are ok and most do the normal steps back and forth dance.Las Vegas gay community has so much more to offer. I would recommend going to any other gay place to dance and have fun...Share, Freezone, Liaison.   It's Vegas either step it up or close the doors!The only real thing saving this place is the drag queen at the front door. She is the nicest most helpful person working even when management needs to get a clue!
4	Go go boys are hot.  Music is great. Bathrooms are clean and have an attendant.    Drinks are kind of expensive.  $9 for a beer and $12 for a mixed drink.  If you use a credit card, there is $25 minimum, and they only accept Visa and MasterCard.
1	Looked for a gay bar to see a drag show for halloween. I called and was told there was no cover it was free entertainment and drag show and the flyer in the ad stated the same..  upon arrival there was a line to get in and we got there about 1030 pm. I was told that we had to pay 20 cover.  I explained that the flyer said no cover and I do not drink, was told that was because they had a special show at 12:00 am and costume contest.  their advertising had stated no cover.  after waiting and spending 20 dollars for cover and my friends 9.00 drinks at 1:45 am there was still no show... I was forced to leave as my medication of labetolol was causing me to be drowsy.  I asked to speak to the manager upon leaving but the guy on the outside told me he wasn't available but would be at the door in five to ten minutes.  I waited and then he told me to go to yelp and post.  I asked for a refund and he apologized and told me that If i posted to yelp someone would get back to me... Well the bathrooms male and female had water/urine all over the floor and could not be used... I waited now three weeks and still no response from management about my refund.  239 601 0435.  this was my only bleak spot in Vegas... since my post I see others with similar complaints.. I will dispute the $40.00 charge for the admission since we were promised a show at 12 and when we left people were still waiting to get in
5	First time and had no idea what to expect. The drinks are on the pricey side, however this bar must have cost a fortune to build when you consider the sound system, lights, fixtures .. etc. It's state of the art. I'm not into drag shows but I actually enjoyed the one here. The drags promote the bar and shows quite good. There are two main rooms, both relatively dark and with two sets of music. The crowd seems a bit more sophisticated than other gay clubs, which is one of the main features I like. The music is loud, but not in a "get me out of here" way. More like a "I wanna jump on the dance floor" way. Overall I enjoyed coming here, will be back on my next trip to LV.
1	It was our first time at this bar in vegas we live in san francisco been to a bunch of gay bars but never had a slow bar service it took us 20 something minutes just to get our first drink. We didn't get there $25 unlimited wells drink. but any how the music and the ambiemce was nice. My advice is come over here if you are not planning to drink.
5	Nice place! Upscale! Was there Saturday. No cover. Great show! Dance floor, strippers & nice staff! JJ was terrific bartender! Multi level! Near other similar clubs!
