5	Everytime I'm in the Phoenix area I make a stop at Cheba Hut. The place is completely marijuana themed and their sandwiches are absolutely delicious. Can't say enough good things about this place. Love it!
3	I admit, I am a sub snob.  Yes, self appointed snob on subs.  I love my subs, and feel that my highly sensitive taste buds shall only be graced with the tastiest, bestest subs on the planet.  I have a long resume of subs under my belt, and know a good sub when I taste it.Cheba hut isn't bad.  Its just not good.  as good as I wanted them to be.  I had excedingly high expectations for this joint, and was somewhat dissapointed once I sunk my teeth into the sub.  It lacked something...luster maybe, Im not sure, but it just didnt do it for me.This place is okay.  It has a marijuana themed style thing going for itself.  Not so much hippie, but lots of pot references.  For starters, I dont think that the pot theme is really appropriate for children.  How do you explain this to a child?  Not a family friendly place for anyone of a youthful age (aka small children.)  So, thats a strike.  I  dont think that I would take school age children here just for that.BUT, the staff was immensly friendly with me.  Service was AMAZING.  The guy at the register was friendly, outgoing, and actually introduced me to the staff.  I felt super relaxed and comfortable when ordering, and eating here.  I love friendly service.  The girl who built my sub was awesome as well.  She made personal conversation with me, and I liked that.The sub itself lacked meat.  I wanted more meat (stop laughing) and it was short on that.   The food here is okay.  I feel like its more theme then a sub that could light my tastebuds up in flames.I would probably go here again, but not under the pretense of eating amazing food.
5	Really good food, fun atmosphere, great experience and totally unique and fun. I would way rather spend my money at a one of a kind, family owned shop than a cheaper- dime a dozen corporate mcdonalds.
5	I've been criticized for rating too many places 5 stars, and I rebut: that's because I don't eat at crappy places.  You think you are a food snob?  Pah.  You are nothing in your snobbery.  I am an everything snob, so when it comes to food, which is what I do best, all of my other practiced, routine snobbiness comes flooding to the fore.  This makes me the best ever decider of whether or not something is tasty.  You, whoever you may be, are not.  I'm sorry, but there has to be a best of everything, and I am best at this.So to those of you who have not given cheba hut five stars, there are only three possibilities: either you visited them on an off day, you didn't try the east coastern (pastrami with mozzarella, mustard, pepperoncinis, toasted on garlic sub roll with everything--mayo, vinegar and oil, black olives, pickle, parmesan cheese, oregano, and probably a little love), or you know nothing at all about food.The place needs cleaning, I admit.  But that is the theme.  And while I find it funny that an entire restaurant can be themed after all things stoner, replete with more euphemisms than you could ever dream of for weed, it neither adds to nor detracts from my rating or overall opinion of the place.  No, the subs here are sensational, made with just the right amount of everything all heaped on to whichever bread you choose.Maybe you aren't creative enough for cheba hut.  Maybe you just don't really see what it's all about.  I can't tell you if that is or isn't true.  But what I can say is that if you don't think the food here is great, you're wrong.I'm sorry.
5	MMMMMM, and I still haven't tried all what they offer. I don't support their theme but their taste and quality are good enough to keep me going!
5	I don't know why, but the Mesa location is better than the Tempe one, and not just in that it actually seats more than fifteen people. The food is just better there (although Tempe is still tasty). The subs are killer, the selection of chips is excellent, and their goddamn Rice Krispie treats made with Fruity Pebbles are like crack cocaine (fuck the weed!). You just can't go there when you're in a hurry, as the employees don't exactly move with purpose... but are you surprised, really?
5	I LOVE Cheba Hut!!! I have tried half their menu and have yet to be disappointed. You don't need to be stoned to love these subs! They are all kinds of awesome.
5	So met my best friends in the world, Z and Dally, here for lunch today. I drove the 33 miles to Mesa in order to try a sub that I have been told is amazing. So, having trusted Z on many a thing and as he would tell you, always trust him when it comes to food, I was gleefully happy at the end of my eating experience. There are a lot of subs to choose from and it took me about 5 minutes to finally decide on the La Canna. Salami and ham with provolone and olives. Get it on the garlic-herb bread. Have the happy dude behind the counter throw on some spicy mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, oil & vinegar, Parmesan, and oregano. The sub is toasted and doesn't shred the rough of your mouth, which happens to me quite frequently. I was still not satiated after this sub, so I split the White Widow with Z. Marinated chicken, bacon, provolone and ranch dressing. Again another great sub. The employees were all in a good mood. Not sure if that was herb induced or not, but it was pleasant. Phylis behind the register was particularly kind. She came complete with the stereotypical stoner laugh. She's cute. It was totally worth the drive and I will be back in the future to try something else.
4	I LOVE this place. The marijuana theme isn't kid-friendly though, so DONT bring your kids. Just bring it home to them.Their subs are really tasty, the theme (for adults) is hilarious, the people are friendly, and are reasonably priced.Also, the potato salad is fantastic!
4	Obviously this place caters to a certain crowd that gets munchies at all times of the day and night.  If you need more clarification, msg me.  But the subs are fantastic, almost as good as subs from back home in Jersey, almost.The subs are fresh and stuffed with everything you want.  I've been here many times and the only negative is that the staff is sometimes a little slow.  But since I'm usually there after drinking (I'm not the DD), it doesn't bother me much.I would recommend this place as a decent choice for late night fare, way ahead of going to Dennys.  It definitely is an adult friendly place, leave your brats in the trunk.
5	A friend once gave me a list of reasons to enroll at MCC, the first of which being "Cheba Hut is right across the street!" The subs are amazing. I'd tell you what my favorite sub on the menu is, but all that would end with is me giving you a link to their menu. It's ALL good, even the vegetarian stuff (and I don't usually LIKE vegetarian subs).  And then there are the munchies. Oh god, the munchies are awesome. I'm personally a fan of their goo balls (a giant ball of PB covered rice krispies with cocoa and honey) and their hemp brownies. On top of that, everyone who works there is pretty much made of win.
4	I remember I was introduced to Cheba Hut for the first time about 6-7 yrs ago when I got my first job working at the mall and quite thankful for being introduced to a toasted sandwich. The La Canna is my fave! It's Prosciutto ham, genoa salami, smoked ham, black olives & provolone cheese. Basically their version of an italian but soo damn good! Be sure to leave room for their hemp brownies or Rice Krispy Bar, which both are amazing. The crew that works at this locale, is very 'lax and you can tell they have kept a constant run of their regulars there. Hell I've been going there 6yrs now!
4	Cheba hut kicks ass for many reasons but most important is the sandwiches. They havegood and creative sandwiches on the menu you wont find at your average sanwich shop. I have not had a bad sub yet and I have been going to cheba hut for about 7 years. The theme of the place is all about marijuana and all the sandwiches are named after different strains of weed. Everyone working here is very lax ( i wonder why) and all is very friendly. The get very busy for lunch but its worth it. These sandwiches are toasted to perfection.  They also have brownies, giant rice -crispy treats, and great potatoe salad. If you dont partake in the erb smokin dont let that stop you from eating here. Everything is delicious.
4	When you're stoned everything is delicious.
3	Duuuuuuuudeee.....this place is YUM.  Where are my eye drops?Definitely an interesting crowd.  Makes me want to grab my Birkenstocks, hacky sack, and drum and hitch hike right back up to Flagstaff.But really...the sandwiches rule!!!!  The service and pricing...nothing special (neither great nor poor.)Environment...this is a fun place to eat and people watch.  You should try it.
5	Cheba hut is great, the atmosphere, the food, the music, and did i mention the FOOD ?? This sub shop is anything but ordinary, the first thing you'll notice is the laid back feel, the great music, and the awesome decor. The staff are also way cool, as well as the crowd,  it's a cool place to people watch. Even the sub sizes are extraordinary, you may pick from the following : Nug (4' ), Pinner ( 8'), or if you've got the extra munchies go with The blunt (12'). To add to it's uniqueness all the subs carry the various names of the lovely lady Mary Jane. They also have quite the collection of no meat subs for our veggie friends out there, I'd personally recommend the Griefo. It's a garden veggie sub with guac, mushrooms, and cheba huts very own creation : hemp cream cheese. If you like a little more meat on your sub try The Kind (turkey, bacon, swiss, and mushroom) or The Pakalolo (ham, swiss, and pineapple). These are personal faves of mine. Lastly, they have lots of tasty treats to pair with your meal, such as brownies (hemp is great!), goo balls, rice krispie bars, ect. So next time your down by MCC, just look for the bright green VW bus and you'll find Cheba hut: Home of  The Blunts !
4	A bit of a wait but the roast beef 8" Piner was big in terms of what's on it. They gave me some foil and a bag to take my other half home. The decor and ambiance was quite Interesting. The sandwich was quite yummy the next day by the way. They let you add many different things on your sandwich.
4	Sheer coincidence that I'm writing a review for Cheba hut on 4-20. But where else should you go when you're blitzted out of your mind on 4-20 and you want a hot toasted sub? EXACTLY!!!
4	roll, roll, roll your joint. twist it at the end. take one puff, that's enough. pass it to a friend. ya sonnnn, i love this place. that song gets stuck in my head every time i go to cheba hut... the same way the jingle bells gets stuck in my head during christmas. i'm festive that way. i like the chicken with marinara on garlic herb. i add black olives, parm and oregano. ya son. then i top it off with a bite of one of their crazy rice krispy treats- reeces puffs, coco krispies and cinnamon toast crunch joined together by holy matrimony (aka marshmellow cream) is my idea of the perfect cereal  menage a' trois. those weird little kelloggs elves have NOTHING on the cheebs concoctions. i love people watching here, is everyone high except for me? the employees are so nice. i genuinely think they care when they ask me how my day is. so sincere. and they ask for my ID, so thumbs up on preventing theft. however, since im the only sober person there i have noticed the dust bunnies accumulating on their toaster. time to dust.
4	So tonight while sitting watching a PBS special about sandwiches hubby and I decided that we needed sandwiches for dinner.  With Yelp's help we decided to try Cheba Hut.  Who knew my first exposure to drug slang would be in a sub shop.  I have to tell you drug references or not this place knows what they are doing.  Our sandwiches were awesome!  I definitely will be going back as this is, I know it already, my favorite sub shop.  If you get a chance check this place out you won't be disappointed.
4	Two words for all you Yelpsters out there Jamaican widow. It's not on the menu but its a mix between the Jamaican red and the white widow and ask for extra ranch. I use to go there a couple times a week then I moved so I don't get to go as much as I would like. The employees are awesome and the owners are super friendly so enjoy.
5	Don't forget the green! I am never disappointed when I come here. Yeah I know the wait can be long, and the service can take a while... But it's definitely worth the wait.I love the ambiance of this place, it's fun and creative, not to mention ...green. haha. I usually get the Griefo, with honey mustard and all the veggies. or the Thai Stick, "naked"... The white widow is delicious too. Their "munchies" are the best of the best, my favorite is the one made with fruity pebbles for the one with peanut butter captain crunch. I know I'll always be a fan of this place. I just love it. :D
5	I have been going to this Cheba Hut since I was a freshman in high school. During that time, it was simply because I enjoyed the novelty of the place, and the food was good. Now I return simply for the amazing sandwiches.The entire menu is great. Everything is fresh. Great sides like fruity pebble marshmallow treats. Great staff. Great music. All in all, amazing sandwiches in a relaxing, friendly atmosphere.
5	Everything about this place was just awesome. I just love the theme of the place.
5	Fresh toasted subs from the heavens, a fresh alternate to all those bland commercial sub shops.   Good food and friendly service is what you will find here.  Afgani sandwich is hard to beat, but everything is good.  Not to mention they have kool-aid on tap.  Originality and flavor make this place a must. Cool joint.
3	I just discovered this place a couple weeks ago and have gone 4 or 5 times since. I really like the food, they use some fresh ingredients.There are multiple locations however. I first went to the one on University and had a great experience. The one on Southern however, for some reason, really seems to short you on ingredients. Twice now I ordered two sandwiches and paid extra to add the hemp cream cheese to them. Both times now they have barely put any on there but still charged me $1.00+ for the addition. They were both delivery orders or perhaps I could have said something when I got them. The part that really is frustrating, yesterday when I ordered the sandwiches, I said to the guy that last time it didn't look like there was much if any cream cheese on the sandwiches and asked if he could make sure it gets added.The shop on University added a generous amount both times I have gone.Otherwise I have no complaints. I will still give the other place on Southern a chance to redeem themselves... mainly because they deliver.
5	I love you Cheba, I want to make love to you like when Kumar made love to that giant ass bag of weed in Harold & Kumar Go To White Castle. Anyway to get away from that, I love my Griefo with its pepper jack, hemp cream cheese, guacamole, sprouts, lettuce, black olives, onions, mushrooms, cucumbers, pickles, & tomatoes. You can really taste that tasty hemp. Bonus to some of the cute, white guys working there. However, the guy working the register was irritatingly slow. Like snail slow, taking forever to complete an order. It made me wonder what was making him so relaxed...
5	I can't tell you how long I have been going to Cheba Hut, but I can tell that I will continue to frequent these establishments in the future!For the money, it is a great value. They always load up the extras on my Majik Mushroom or Afghani sandwiches (on wheat). The subs are toasted to perfection. The ingredient quality is superior to even the most elegant of competitors. They even have spring mix lettuce instead of using iceberg! The environment is great! Incredible music is always blasting from the speakers. You will hear Led Zeppelin followed by Jimi, and then a little DMB to keep you entertained while munching on your grub. And the staff is always friendly and genuine.Looking forward to the next encounter with Cheba Hut.
5	The first couple of times I ate here I wasn't sure why people were always so crazy for this place. It's been about two years since my last visit and in the past couple of months I've already been here like three times and wanted to go back more. I've decided that it's all about what you order; for example the first time I went I probably felt overwhelmed with all the choices and decided to go for something really plain like turkey with hardly any toppings, have fun! Their menu has a wide variety of yummy sandwiches and lots of new tastes to try. Also, don't be afraid to speak up. I was a little disappointed by the lack of lettuce and veggies on one of my veggie sandwiches but I also didn't pay attention. Now I ask for lots of lettuce and they're happy to make it the way I like. They make their breads fresh and they have garlic-herb bread that has lots of flavor. I won't order a sandwich from there without a side of ranch dressing. I am a picky ranch eater...I hate mayonnaise so I am always super careful that ranch doesn't taste or resemble mayo. I usually like restaurant mayo that is a little more runny in consistency with lots of flavor. They have the best home made ranch dressing here! Pair it with the garlic-herb bread and your sandwich is going to be booming in flavor. OMG! Wipe...sorry I just started to drool a bit. Service is good...everyone runs at the same chill pace which seems to go well with the theme of this restaurant. My current favorite is the Humboldt sandwich...I get the Pinner (8") but I swear some days I am so hungry I think I'm going to order the Blunt (12")...maybe someday soon. All sandwiches get toasted. Okay so toppings: Guacamole, sprouts, lettuce/spring mix, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes, black olives (I get mine w/o), cucumbers, pickles, your choice of cheese (I get Swiss), with their house goodies (EVOO, vinegar, herb mixture on top). Now that I found my sandwich, I crave it all the time and can't wait for my next visit. Oh, be sure to check their daily specials too! If you're lucky enough to be in their delivery area...well, darn you then! :-)
5	Tasty baked subs! La Canna (Italian) is king and the parking here is great since it's the only thing really worth going to in a little shopping center.
4	I'm definitely a fan of this place and no its not because of the theme of the place. The sandwiches here are good. The bread is made in house and is toasty yet soft on the inside. They have a good selection of unique  sandwiches and I haven't had one I didn't like. My favorite would have to be the White Widow. If you like chicken bacon ranch type sandwiches, then the one here will instantly become a favorite of yours. The Magic Mushroom is great for a meatless option. I'm not a vegetarian but will order it from time to time. The Skunk (egg salad) is also pretty tasty. They also have Tang for a drink option. How's that for a throwback? And for dessert don't forget to try one of their ooey gooey munchies. Get the Captain Crunch Krispys Treats if they have those. It's like Rice Krispy Treats but made with Captain Crunch w Crunch Berries. Mmmm...
4	Come on, anyone who isn't amused by stoned dudes making your lunch is just a fuddy duddy with a stick up their rear. The fact that these guys are gainfully employed is point one in their favor. The fact that the food doesn't just taste good if you've smoked your breakfast is star number two. Goofy weed paraphernalia entertains you as the most laid back staff on the planet puts your sandwich together. Granted, it takes a few more minutes than fast food, but most lunches that contain actual food will.I get the "Kind". Turkey bacon mushroom on jalepeno bread. Throw some sprouts on it with mustard. I feel so self righteous and "damn the man" walking out of this place I sometimes double check to make sure I still have on deodorant. Yep, I'm still a yuppie cheeseball everytime I leave, but for an instant I contemplate dreads and the chill life everytime I grab lunch here.Or at least the good old bong hit Saturdays of college life....tough call.
5	Best toasted sammich I've ever had. I've tried a few different ones here but these days I just stick with what I know....the white widow! This place has a great vibe too!
4	I had the Five-O, aka the Vegetarian's Nightmare. It was a good sandwich!What I didn't like was that I felt all confused about ordering and picking the food up. I also couldn't hear what they were asking me over the music (which, BTW, I liked the Drum & Bass).Will I be back? Sure!
5	Dude, this place is seriously good. I had the Chronic on garlic bread; which is roast beef with cheese, green peppers and some other stuff. I'll be going back for 420 day and getting the $4.20 meal served on a frisbee.AND... any place that serves Tang and Koolaid is getting 5 stars!
4	I'm  going to go out on a limb and say outside my dinky half-pint kitchen, Cheba Hut offers the best subs in the area. One would think, "Oh Cheba Hut is all about the ambiance. You are paying for the experience, not the food". But to that I say, "Nay, good Sir. Cheba Hut subs doth rock mine socks."As other reviews stated, the subs are named after different kinds of weed and the sizes are nugs (4"), pinners (8") and blunts (12"). There's tacky weed stuff everywhere. Very "groovy" to say the least.The subs are toasted (on white, wheat or garlic herb bread) and loaded up with all sorts of interesting ingredients. No boring sammies here, unless you so choose (looking at you, ham and swiss dude). I recently had my first vegan sub at Cheba Hut and it was AMAZING! I had my girlfriend build me what I affectionately call "The Angie". It was a Majic Mushroom (teriyaki portabello) with pineapples, onion, fresh mushrooms, sprouts, cucumbers, bell pepper, greek dressing, tomato and probably some other stuff I can't remember. Amazing! The only thing that creeps me out about Cheba is that you can't see your sandwich as they're making it. I worry that the line is really dirty or that they are flossing my bun with a strip of bacon. It kind of adds to the experience though because you don't know how your Cheba Hut creation will look until it's right in front of you.The place does get kind of loud, so be prepared.Also, they used to deliver but according to Yelp they don't...so something to look into. It would be a shame if stoners had to get behind the wheel in order to get their Cheba Hut fix.
5	Best subs in the valley, period.  Friendly staff, consistent quality, and I love 'em toasted! (the sandwich, not the employee)  I order ahead and pick-up most of the time and the orders have always been right.
5	The Bomb is THE BOMB!!!
3	Dude, this place ain't half bad and I didn't even have the munchies!  You don't have to be stoned here to enjoy the food.A variety of sandwiches and such served up with a smile and a side of chips or something.  Doritos anyone?
4	My normal sub place has always been quiznos.  I heard about cheba hut from a friend.  I figured, what the heck?  Ill give it a try.  Glad I did because WOW.  Subs were awesome.   It has a weird "get high" type of vibe to it, which I don't really know how "getting high" and eating a sub relates but, whatever....enough rambling on....Subs are delicious period.  They have a few convenient locations you can hit.  Use google maps on your smart phone and have a great lunch or dinner.   Yay! Im a fan.
5	4 words: HOOLLLLY SANTA CLAUS SHIT! this place is again and again the best sandwhich place i have ever laid my stuck up taste buds on. NOT to mention the theme is hillarious. everything on the menu is related to a term of weed or as you old fogies would call it "dope" ...(those 30 and under know that dope is NOT something you want in, or around your sandwhich now adays). I always get the griefo, which is a veggie sandwhich and NO I am not a vegetarian, (the only complaint i have about beef is when it doesnt come out rare enough to moo at me) thats just HOW good this place is. It is smothered in a homemade  hemp cream cheese and guacamole spread  for gods sakes its so satisfying i find myself wanting a cigarette when i'm done...and i don't even smoke. you can tell alot of people in line take the theme very literal as they come in high as heidi montags eyebrows but even if you aren't into getting baked yourself, eating one of their "hemp" baked brownies will make you say "yaaaa monnnn". what other place can you think of that has koolaid right off the tap??? mmmmm ya thats what i figured. the workers there are always happy (go figure) to help you decide on something delicious. the decorations are awesome to look at while your waiting. ps...everything is homemade there....bread, sauces, ranch, marinara...you name it. in pothead terms this place is the white widow, grandaddy purp chronicly legit shit. ENJOY
4	To be blunt, hemp cream cheese on a sandwich is genius! As a vegetarian, I am always looking for decent sandwich places. Cheba Hut's relaxing atmosphere, friendly staff and GREAT sandwiches keep me returning. Friends and non-vegetarians that I have taken to Cheba Hut enjoy their sandwiches so much so that they return themselves. My personal favorite is the Griefo. If you can, save room for a brownie!
4	I didn't want to give a sandwich shop 4 stars, but I had the Griefo almost 8 hours ago and I still feel satisfied and look forward to going back (probably tomorrow).  The Griefo is vegetarian (not vegan), by the way, and delicious!  I had it on the garlic/herb bread and had it piled with every veggie they had, including jalapenos.  The theme is awesome, and the staff is super friendly and fun.  I had the grape tea to drink and was really impressed.  For a "munchie", I had a chocolate and peanut butter rice krispee treat.I wish there was a Cheba Hut in Miami, but for now I will be sure to visit whenever I am in Arizona.
5	I love this place, just across the street from my work, I go here alot!!! The sandwich's here are AMAZING!!! The only complaint is the wait and delivery time is LONG!!!try the white widow or tia stick!!!
4	awesome! friendly staff, they serve tang  & kool aid, gotta love it!!
5	AK47 is my all time favorite but  ZOMFG if you have not tried the white widow on garlic with shrooms you are missing out to make it even taste better add some @fuegomaya to it it will be your best bud
5	Love this place! Awesome vegetarian subs
5	Best subs in town. They have more toppings fresh meats and more sauce
5	I absolutely hate toasted subs.  However, when visiting friends in Phoenix I was taken to this spot.  I was hesitant, not really a big sandwich fan, but I ended up having the Club, and substituting the bacon for roast beef.  The sandwich was basically the best thing I'd eaten my entire trip.  The staff are nice and friendly, and the food is amazing.  This is a must hit up place whenever you are in Arizona.
5	i LOVE CHEBA HUT!  Beyond crave worthy.  Something about the garlic bread, pickles, and "special herbs."  It is a really relaxed place, and I try to go as often as possible.
4	I can't believe I hadn't tried this place before...and it is about a mile away from my house! I went last night with the BF after scouring yelp for somewhere to get sandwiches (he wanted a sandwich...I pretty much never want a sandwich). We came across this place, and I'm not sure what it is about it or what I had heard that made me not really want to go here....but I reluctantly agreed. Turns out, it is really and surprisingly good! I got the jamaican red which is chicken (and the chicken is like chunks of chicken breast, which is perfect for this kind of sandwich) some kind of spicy red seasoning/sauce, jalapenos, bell peppers, and cheese. It was really spicy and tasty. The BF got the Thai stick and it was also very good, but with more of a sweet flavor. I like that all of the sandwiches are toasted, and toasted for enough time that the bread is crunchy and everything inside is ooey gooey....a lot of other places can take note that this is like the definition of awesome when it comes to toasting a sandwich. We also got the garlic bread....it was good, very large for the money, but the sandwiches were a bit better.I would come back here for a good cheap meal again.
5	Excellent subs. Younger atmosphere good friendly service. Music was bitchen! A lot of stuff my band plays, Clash, talking heads, Nirvna
5	I'm gonna keep this review short and simple. The food is real good and the atmosphere is hilarious. If its busy, you might have to wait a little before you get your food, but its well worth the wait.
3	I forget the exact verbiage on the sign, but it roughly says that if they get your sandwich to you in under 5 minutes it's a miracle.  A point well heeded.  If you're in a rush, or don't like to wait forever to get your sandwich (seriously, how hard is it to make a sandwich), then you may want to go elsewhere (oddly there's a Jimmy Johns across the parking lot...you can probably get and eat your sandwich in less time).Ok, now that I got that off my chest, what about the food.  Bread, good.  Veggies, good.  Pastrami like substance on my sandwich, not so good.Overall, not bad.  Not sure I'd go back though.
5	Oh, Cheba Hut, how I love thee...let me count the ways: 1) One word: Griefo2) hemp brownies - did you know that hemp seeds have the highest, natual concentration of vitamin B12?3) Funky, eclectic decor & employees4) Seeing business men in suits, walking into the psychadelic & delicious restaurant5) Being able to introduce my kids to the goodnessLove this place!!!
5	Stoners really make amazing food. The BEST sandwiches I have ever had. I can eat a footlong and a half at subway but here i can't eat much more than a nug, the 4 inch. The atmosphere is cool whether you are a pot-head or not, and it goes without saying that the employees are always very friendly. The food is always fresh and delicious, my favorite sanwich is the Thai stick and an egg salad one that i forgot the name of. But don't forget desert. The fruit rice krispies and normal rice krispies are delicious, and so are the gooey balls.
4	CHEEEEBAAAA HUTTTTT!!  This is fun, relaxing place to have a toasted sub.I recommend having the Acapulco Gold.  It's a BBQ chicken sandwich.  They have GIANT rice krispie treats for dessert.  They also have treats made with other stuff like fruity pebbles, golden grahams, cocoa pebbles, etc.They also offer fountain drinks that include, but are not limited to:  grape kool-aid aka purple drink, and TANG.I've been here a dozen times, the service and the food are consistently goood.
5	Cheba Hut, you rule the ganja universe. You rule the sober universe. You just rule. The kind is... The kindest.
3	I had a sandwich with ham and pineapple. I believe it's the first one on their menu, something like kolapaca or so.It was pretty decent. Good amount of food, good taste.It was kind of pricey, for 2 subs, 2 drinks, chips and a treat almost 20.They place could be also a little cleaner. I wouldn't drive more than 2 miles to go there and I wouldn't crave it either. If you're in the neighborhood, it might worth a try. If i would live around, I would order delivery service once in a while, though. Their statement: "If you're high, we'll fly"
5	Great Sandwiches! Great desserts! They have the the best fruity pebble krispy treat i have ever had! Great Price! I LOVE Cheba Hut! I have never left disappointed!I am a Life long customer!
5	Order twice in the past two weeks and i completely loved it!! Had it delivered to my apartment and it was quick. The girl that answers the phone is awesome. Very positive vibe!! Love it :)
5	I stopped by the Cheeba hut last week for lunch and had the white widow sandwich. The line was a little long and the place has a real hippy type vibe. Think tommy Chong meets Quiznos.. They have Krispy treats with fruity pebbles, Rice Krispy, and Capt Crunch. Bread is fresh and veggies do not over load the sandwich. And the best part or all is..... They have TANG !!
5	Great sandwiches! I love this place!
2	I finally got a chance to try Cheba Hut after hearing rave reviews about it from several friends. I think my expectations were too high. It was good, but it wasn't GREAT. The toasted subs are comparable to those that you would get at Quiznos but with some more interesting and innovative options. It was almost $20 for two 8" subs, one fountain drink, and one dessert. The food is basically fast food, and those are not fast food prices. I might go back again, but probably not soon.
4	Their sandwiches are to die for! I only wish they had more locations!
4	Never had a bad eating experience at Cheba Hut! The food is Delicious, and the subs are TOASTED... Yummm!!! a must-try if you are new to Mesa or if you've just never been to Cheba Hut before!
5	Been coming here a long.. long time. If you want a general idea of what your walking into.. think a hippy subway haha! Everyone's laid back, the food is great and there are nothing but good vibes man, that's slang for great atmosphere haha. But if you cant decide on which sandwich you want you can ask if you can blend the two. I personally like the white widow and the Jamaican red.. so I get the Jamaican widow, best of both worlds!
5	Love this place.  Went here with a friend who lost a bet and had to buy me lunch and have been back several times since.  The people are friendly, and the sandwiches are amazing.  I reccomend the KGB.
5	After finding out that Cheba Hut was expanding, I just had to see what the hype was about...and it was totally worth it. The second we walked in, I immediately loved the atmosphere. True to their name, they had a lot of theme decorations and quirky posters.I ended up trying a The Kind pinner. Turkey, swiss, bacon, and mushroom on wheat. It was delish! There's something about the bread that brings everything together. I'll have to try their garlic "herb" bread next time :)
5	It's rare to find a restaurant with such a high rating after so many reviews but this place is really that good.  My fav's are the Reuben, the Luke Skywalker and the Panama Red.  It's not fair to compare this place to Subway, that's like comparing Ruth's Chris' to Sizzler.
5	My girlfriend and I eat here at least twice a week and every single time we have left satisfied! Keep up the good work!
2	I went in with high hopes, the decor was fun and certainly a hit with the collage crowd.The people were nice and friendly, and I will always be a fan of a place that let's their freak flag high! And the folks working here sure do. +1 to meMy "beef" is the food. it was tasty, just fine, but the garlic bread tasted a tad stale, and I found the amount of meat per sandwich to be a little low. (I ordered a Chronic roast bef... sort of a basic sandwich which lets me see the basics of a place.Perhaps next time I'll read deeper and try another 'wich and ask for extra meat and cheese. Perhaps their a place that only fly's when doing an insane sandwich, I dont know.I do know that if I could, I would open up a few of these myself near collages, along with Magic Mushrooms Pizzerias and watch the $$'s roll in. It's like printing money.Based on reviews, I'll try this one again, perhaps it was a bad day? Bad choice on my part? I'm open to it.Or, it might just not be to my palette.
4	Fun atmosphere, friendly staff, and tasty toasted subs. I got a pinner sized  Midwest's best. They made it fresh and to order. I will choose quality over "freaky fast" any time.
1	My daughter and her friends went here a few nights ago. The sandwiches were awesome, until one girl found a piece of chewed gum in her sandwich. Also there were hairs in the sandwiches from the guy who made them. DISGUSTING
5	good eats, can't go wrong!
4	Toasted is what we have in this place and it is pretty tasty. Hippie kind of vibe going on here. Bob Marley, Jimi Hendrix, psychedelic wall art, Kool aid and lots of other references to being high ... on life of course.Cool music playing outside as you walk up to the door. Inside gets even cooler (109 degrees today outside). Nice!I was welcomed immediately and told about the menu and what was good or popular. Some of the items on the menu are called by names you may have seen in a medical mary jane dispensary or on one of your favorite TV shows.HUMBOLT, KUSH, TRAIN WRECK, ACAPULCO GOLD, JAMAICAN RED, THAI STICK, MAJIC MUSHROOM ... Too many to list them all.Had to get Toasted with a Toasted Sub and went with the 12" Blunt size Widow Maker. Did not think the Pinner size would be enough. Comes with Chicken breast smothered in their signature, home-grown ranch dressing, then topped with mushrooms, bacon & provolone cheese. You can mix or match toppings if you wish.Service is super friendly and most accommodating. Menu also has other items like Salads, Soups, or something Sweet to finish things off. Just tell them what you want. Jah Man!
5	There are lots of sandwich/sub places you can go but there is nothing like Cheba Hut. All the subs are toasted and there is a very wide range on the menu. My favorite has been the La Canna(Italian). They have chips like lots of places do but what make this place stand out are the Rice Crispy Treats. They also make them with Fruity Pebbles and Capt Crunch. They do take their time in making your sandwich so I hope you have patience. The staff are very friendly and always smiling. The atmosphere is great if you are acceptable of the culture and they deliver within the area. Give them a try, you'll love it!
4	Food is always on point here, dining room can be dirty at times.
5	cheba hut go there when your high, and get even more high off flavor...
5	Okay, why doesn't this place exist in NORTHERN California of all places?! Come on... Bring Cheba Hut to NorCal!This is a marijuana-themed sandwich joint. The sandwich names, sizes, etc make references to weed. There's a sign telling you that your sandwich isn't promised to take less than five minutes... (because stoners, lazy, work, joke, har har)Theme aside, this place is great! They serve Kool-Aid and Tang at the fountain which is one of the greatest ideas ever. They also serve iced yerba mate alongside their regular iced tea, which I had a taste of (pretty good) but couldn't drink a full cup of since I wasn't allowed caffeine at the time.The place markers they give you to recognize who you are and give you the correct sandwich are so different than other places - pictures of Nirvana, Wayne's World, etc... Despite the sign joking your sandwich would take a while, I actually received my sandwich like a minute or two after sitting down, even though the place was really busy. And it was amazing! Amazing enough for me to come back the next day too.You can have hemp cream cheese (not sure what that entails), hemp brownies, goo balls (rice krispie treats made with honey, cocoa, and peanut butter), and you can even get your sandwich on garlic bread. That's a super stoner idea if I've ever seen one. I haven't tried any of these so now Cheba Hut needs to come to the bay area so I can do so, ok? ;)Verdict: The decor is hilarious, the ambiance is great, there's various flavors of Kool-Aid, the service is quick, and the food is good. There's not much you can critique on that.
5	Man Im ADDICTED to this place! Ive even got my kids addicted and now they turn their nose up to places like subway, lol.  My favorite is a combo sandwich called the Jamaican white widow. It is absolutely amazing just a tip, take the pickle out the middle and eat it on the side, it tastes better like that for some reason. The rice krispies, tang and kool aid are the perfect compliment. If I smoked I would totally eat here all the time.  Actually I don't and I already do so there you go! Just grab your keys and go, I promise you will NOT be disappointed. The environment, the staff, fast service, high quality ingredients and a menu full of amazing strands that compliment the amazing sandwiches, what more can you ask for...... Maybe a cheba hut IV so you can be fed cheba hut intravenously 24/7 LOL
5	Best Subs around period.
4	With a pot theme displayed over every foot of the place, and knowing most stoners to be quite the experts in how to alleviate the munchies, why wouldn't one want to come to Cheba Hut if in the mood for tasty food?  My go to sandwich is usually the Griefo, which is hemp cream cheese (vegan cream cheese with hemp seeds mixed in), peppers, avocado, lettuce and anything else on their condiment line squeezed into some garlic bread. Skip the chips and go for one of the more colorful side items of either a gooball (rice krispies, cocoa powder, peanut butter, honey and marshmallow) or one of their other brick-shaped rice krispie treat variant creations.
5	I don't even know where to begin. Ive never had a bad sandwich. Tried many different ones. My favorite one is the kgb. It's amazing. Try the purple haze beer. The home made rice crispy treats. Oh my God and the drink selection.. they have TANG ON TAP!  LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	I love Cheba hut. My personal favorite is the White Widow. Its the best chicken bacon ranch sandwich out there. Their meat and dressings are prepared fresh daily.  Great spot for lunch breaks but be prepared to wait, the line will be long.
1	I used to be a regular, but I left for a couple months, came back, and they changed everything. Took my favorite sandwich off the menu and rearranged everything on the menu so I suddenly found myself scanning to find a different vegetarian sub to choose from with a snarky little cashier in front of me giving me attitude while I tried to make up my mind quickly. Not pleasant. I normally tip, but not this time. I got the bill and figured out that Cheba raised their prices. Didn't realize that the bill was also high because the cashier rang me up for a 12" when I asked for an 8". And when I tried to put ice in my cup for a soda, nothing would come out but slush. Never going back! As if it's not hard enough to find decent vegetarian food, they took two of those sandwiches off the menu AND raised prices. Done with them.
5	Great food and employees. They are the only place that still has sprouts! I love eating here!
5	Great sandwich experience, the food was really good and fresh I had the 5-0 on  garlic bread. The staff was friendly and even came around to ask how everything is. Can't wait too go back and try the Kush.
5	Where has this sandwich shop been all my life?! The hubby and I were out on a Sunday afternoon and this place popped in my head for food cuz the hubby was getting the grumpies, lol. So I pulled out my handy dandy yelp app and found a location near us! And by George were we glad I did! Starting with the decor and the friendly greeting to the sandwiches everything was bomb diggity! The food so good I wish I got a bigger size! I got the Kali mist and the hubby got the dank sandwich. I was "highly" impressed and so was my husband with his choice. Right amount of spice with the chipotle mayo too. Definitely glad we stopped in here today, will definitely be back in the future to try the other wonderful looking sandwiches! :)
5	Cheba Hut has my favorite sandwiches in the Valley. Everything here is made with care - the employees never skimp on ingredients or mess up an order. The tables are always clean, the employees are pleasant, and everything from the hilarious decor to the food itself seems to have a friendly aura. They even have Mountain Dew, which thrills my green-blooded boyfriend. :-)My go-to sandwiches are the Griefo (toasted vegetarian with cream cheese) and the Panama Red (chicken Parmesan). The garlic sandwich bread is to die for. I highly recommend this (heh heh) joint!
4	My friend and I frequent the "Cheebz" on a regular basis.Whether we're eating there or getting it delivered, this place does not mess up. The cashiers always make sure they get your order right, and they have never failed to get me exactly what I've ordered. This is a breath of fresh air because as a picky eater, I usually remove or add items to standard menu items. That being said, I'm used to having my order arrive incorrect. But not at Cheebz! The subs are always freshly toasted, and the ingredients are fresh as well. This place has literally the best subs I've ever had.I most recently went there after the ASU vs. Stanford game, and was pleasantly surprised to see they served quality beer as well. The reason this location gets 4 stars out of 5 as compared to the Tempe location off Hardy and University, is because this location doesn't server beer on draft! Hey, I can't give em' both 5 stars if the other location has one thing I like better. Now I know the stoner culture vibe might be a little annoying or overwhelming to some, but you definitely don't need to be a stoner to eat here. I encourage anyone who enjoys sandwiches / subs to go to Cheba Hut!
4	This place is a fun place for Lunch or Snack sandwiches are good and have fun names. I've gone here quite a few times.
5	Best sandwich place ever!!! Jamaican red is my personal favorite. For extra kick try it with the spicy ranch dressing... Very neat place and has one of a kind sandwiches and treats for a great price! Super friendly hippy chic and trendy with superior staff!
4	Cheba Hut was one of those "must go to" places on my list for when I moved back to AZ. Unfortunately it took me over a year to get there. I had a hankerin' for a sandwich last week so I decided to venture to my least favorite part of Mesa to see if it was how I remembered.I have to say that the whole ordering system is way more streamlined than it used to be. No more walking down the line while the person behind the counter asks if you want every condiment imaginable on your sandwich. You wait in a line to order while looking at the large menu posted on the wall, and when you get to the register the guy ringing you up asks what you want on it and rings you up accordingly. You pay and they bring it out to you. Instead of giving you a number, they give you a picture or character from a movie. Cute.I ordered the Jamaican Red with hemp cream cheese. One of my favorites from the past. When I ordered, the guy ringing me up let me know it was an extra charge for the cream cheese. Thank you! It was just as I remembered. Buffalo chicken, olives, jalapenos, cream cheese....and toasted?!?! Yum!! I'm salivating just thinking of it now. They have an excellent selection of other sandwiches, salads, and treats. I didn't get one on this trip, but the rice krispee treats here are the best I've ever had (besides homemade). Back in the day I used to get the southwest chicken salad, also known as the AZ Homegrown. It was my #1 but it's not on the menu anymore. Curious if the White Widow replaced it? Maybe I'll give that a try next.This location has some seating so even when crowded you can most likely get a table or pull up a stool along the window. My meal came to just under $12. Ouch! Although a little higher in price than what I like to spend on lunch, it won't deter me from going back.
4	Let me describe this one as orgasmic, weed themed sandwiches. Yep, I think that sums it up. I don't know the name of the sandwich I tried because my husband took me here, ordered me to take a seat and a sandwich he thought I must have. While sitting there and waiting, I was just looking around and trying to take it all in. Then, the sandwich arrived and oh boyyy that probably was one of the best sandwiches I had in 2013. Just the right amount of meat, some delicious spicy sauce, bacon, avocado. I may not be able to describe this perfectly but I sure can taste it still. I just have to close my eyes and think Cheba Hut. Oh and don't forgot to try those brownie bits.
5	This place is Awesome!!!Its clean, and everything taste amazing!!! You gotta try the White Widow!!! Mmmmmmm...
5	I love this place! The white widow is amazing! They even serve Tang at some locations. They're brownies are cookies are awesome too. The staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is fun and unique.
4	I am not a big fan of the delivery part of Cheba Hut, but going to this location is a great experience.The subs are to die for delicious, I don't know how else to really describe it, so I will leave it at that.
4	Cheba Hut makes great tasting sandwiches.  I usually get the Italian with extra pickle.  They brought me the wrong sandwich today, but the guy figured out the mistake and corrected it quickly.  The gooey marshmallow balls are to die for, so if you see them near the register, just buy one already!
5	Service was fast, friendly and everything was so much fun . And the sandwich I ordered was phenomenally good. I should have gotten the 4 inch because that was all I could finish. When I saw the picture of Ice Cube on the ice machine I thought I would lose it. Hilarious!
5	One of my favorite sandwich places. The "Skywalker" is awesome it comes with salami, pepperoni, cream cheese and a bunch of other goodies. The "griefo" is a veggie sandwich, but one of the best veggie sandwiches you will even have. Plus the baked good are awesome too yum I always love a good brownie
5	I love cheeba hut. This location is right by my work and I've been eating here every few weeks for over a year. They have never once made a mistake on my order. Sandwiches are always delicious. I've ordered carry-out, delivery, and dined in and always have a good experience. I would highly recommend Cheeba Hut, they have the best sandwiches and service in the area.
5	So incredibly delicious! I am a vegetarian and the options Cheba Hut have are not lacking in any way! Oh, and they deliver?!? YAAAASSSS! So glad there is a location in Albuquerque, as I am moving there in May.
4	LOVE this place, im so slow I had no idea what cheba meant upon reading the menu until my husband explained it to me. a bit on the expensive side though. spent $18 for 2 8" subs :/ but I will go again
5	This place is awesome! Was my first time trying it, thanks to my gf. The workers are definitely cool and very welcoming! I had the "Acapulco gold" sandwich, it was 10000000x better than what I thought.. This is definitely my new fav sandwich spot! Thanks!! You need to open one in the LA area, like Venice beach!!! It would make so much sense and money for sure!!!!
5	Cheba hut is so good. It's a lot of food for a good price. When I go I get the white widow sandwich (chicken, bacon, ranch) and it's really good. I used to get the skunk (egg salad) sandwich but they got rid of it because apparently in the only one who liked it. One of the interesting things about cheba hut is that in addition to soda, they have kool aid to drink as well. Good kool aid too, not watery stuff. Be aware that this restaurant is all based on weed references. All the sandwiches are named after different types of weed, a 12 inch sandwich is called a blunt, deserts are called munchies, etc.I have been several times and it's always good and the staff are always really nice and helpful.
4	Really tasty. It may sound dumb but they craft their subs really well, it looks pretty when they bring it to you at the table. Makes it a little more appetizing. You need to study the menu a little bit, but if you need a little advice they're always really helpful. They get pretty busy, so I can understand the cleanliness of the tables and chairs slipping here or there. But when you're walking to tables to serve, doesn't take a couple seconds to give it a quick wipe down. I love Cheba Hut, certainly a lot better than the big name sub restaurants.
5	I love Cheba Hut.  Their product is on point, and their staff is always super friendly and helpful.  Their food is delicious and interesting, not to mention those are some of the prettiest sandwiches I've ever seen.  Great atmosphere, very chill and fun.  My only complaint, is I wish they had a wider delivery area.
5	I had been to Cheba Hut numerous times before, and today's trip was a nice experience. I walked in and decided to try something new. I asked the cashier for a suggestion and he was more than helpful. I took his suggestion and ordered the Acapulco. It was a good meal and service was great!
4	Whether you're 420 friendly or slightly on the immature side, or just like themed restaurants, this is definitely a sandwich shop to stop by and try.  The food definitely makes up for the divey pot themed interior and lack of service, beside the friendly cashiers. I'd recommend bringing your own drink because their selection is mediocre, unless you're okay with bad fountain drinks or the stoner favorite Kool Aid, all in all try my personal favorite Kali Mist and you won't be disappointed.
5	By far, this is the best sandwich place in town.  It's really all about food quality here believe it or not.  It starts with the bread, and here it is perfect.  The meats are all excellent quality.  Top notch AK-47 (French Dip)  and the 5-0 (Italian)  Cheba Hut also has the best pickles which is huge.  Must order the hot pepper salad or whatever it's called the geanara or something.   It is a must have on the 5-0.  The staff is way great as well.  With the loud music and artwork, it feels like a ganja bar, a total escape.  Love this place!
5	Great place !  Call ahead to save time for pick up .. very busy on saturday.  Da Bomb and Panama Red are awesome.
5	Great sandwiches. Always get the 5-0 blunt loaded, garlic bread. Great food. Fair price. Excellent ambiance.  Also hit the other ones in PHX and also El Cajon, CA and they are all good.
4	Good sandwiches, strong 420 vibe.It's hard to order anything besides the white widow because it is just sooo good.Don't forget to grab a homemade rice krispie treat. They deliver, but expect it to take an hour if you live close.
5	Delicious sandwiches, cute boys, and kool-aid. I likey.
5	This shop has some of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The name clearly references pot and each sandwich is named after a different type of weed. Say what you will about pot, but don't let that turn you off from this amazing restaurant. Try the Cali club on wheat or the garlic bread to start. The ingredients are fresh and best of all... They deliver!
5	I love this place. I love the people who work there and the people who go to eat there. You won't find a friendlier group of people anywhere else. And the food is amazing as well. I've never gotten anything there that I didn't like.
5	Great sandwiches always fresh and they have  munchies for your sweet tooth.They also have delivery, you can`t beat that.The best sandwich shop in townHighly Recommend no pun intended.
5	Still the best Cheba in the area! Everyone is extremely friendly and laid back (gee, I wonder). Make a night of it: go to school at MCC, come eat here (don't forget the brownie and fruity pebble rice crispy treats), and shop at Shirts 'N' Things. I still adore you like Kumar adores his bag of weed.
5	Stoners know how to eat! Best sandwich in the valley by far. I've yet to have a bad meal or bad service at this joint . I have had most of the menu selections and they are all great. My personal favorite is the white widow (chicken, bacon, ranch)
5	Love Cheba, always friendly and the food is amazing! Try the pineapple beer with you pinned! Yum!
5	Best sandwich place ever! I was hungry late last night at 11:30pm I stopped in. They have great late night hours. I got the Magic Mushroom Portabella sandwich 12" (blunt) This is the biggest fattest best sandwich ever!!! They have great customer service and are very knowledgeable. This isn't your typical sub! Highly recommended! No pun intended! :p Thanks for the great experience Cheba Hut! :)
4	Tasty toasted sandwiches with a little side of weird and a whole lot of pot references. But, back to the sandwiches...The signature garlic herb bread is fantastic and they have a ton of options. Plus, the staff is super nice/laid back (I'm sure everyone is shocked by this) and will make some pretty great suggestions. My last sandwich here was the pinner KGB, a roast beef sandwich with mushrooms, bell peppers, and Swiss with extra horseradish sauce plus the works (lettuce, tomato, onions, oil, vinegar, Parmesan cheese and oregano). Added some Pineapple Yerba Matte iced tea and I was super happy. I wouldn't bring your conservative mother-in-law to this place due the the giant blunt sculpture hovering in the back, but anyone else who loves a good sandwich will adore this place.
5	This was my first time here, and it was good. I had an AK-47 "pinner" which is the medium size, roast beef, mushroom, and red onion sandwich with Au jus dip, and it was pretty tasty. The atmosphere is laid back, cool pieces of art to look at, and polite (and dare I say handsome) employees.
5	Super Chill environment with great variety of sandwiches. Love their Kool Aid dispensers
5	This place isn't for children unless you like your kids to come and see all the 420 stuff then leave them home! Service is fast and excellent, the food is amazing! All the sandwiches are named off of different kinds of weeds. The koolaid machines are my all time favorite! I recommend this place to anyone who's a stoner and 420 friendly.
4	I'm a huge fan of the Cali Mist, the Pac Blue, and especially the Skywalker. They Skywalker has salami, pepperoni, provolone, cream cheese, pineapple and jalapeno. You wouldnt think it would, but it do.Also, they have Kool-Aid and Tang. I cant go there without refilling my drink 3 times.My only complaint is their northern delivery limit is university, yet they wont deliver on university.
5	Just a lovely laid back place. I'm not the biggest sub person, but the atmosphere is hard to beat. The employees are very laid back and friendly, and even friendlier if you happen to come in while in what we might call an "altered state of mind". The food is excellent. It's always really fresh and once you try it, it makes Subway look pretty crappy in comparison.
5	I had the Acapulco gold blunt sandwich and it was great.  The bread was soft and flaky and the ingredients tasted fresh.  The staff was totally cool with me being high and we all laughed.  The black tea is amazing as well!
5	I don't even know where to start. Friendly and courteous staff? The best sandwiches in town? Bomb cookies and Rice Crispy treats? Chilled Kool-aid on tap? Sure they take a while to get your order to you, but good things come to those who wait. One of my favorite places to eat. Period.
4	Awesome shop! I call in my Apollo 13 from class and it's ready as son as I show up 5 mins later. Great staff, delicious sandwiches
5	Its been a min. but glad I stopped in for a KGB munchies satisried! Thanks and love the awesome new artwork painted on the walls. Rock on friends don't let friends eat swag!!
5	Cheba Hut will always be my favorite sandwich shop! Personally I think Jimmy Johns sucks and even though they're fast they do not come close to how good a toasted sub is at Cheba Hut!
5	This is a great, laid back find in Mesa. I had the best sandwich of my life! The theme is controversial, but done well. In addition to sandwiches, they do have salads and even kool-aid. Definitely an unique place!
