5	Modern Grill is a new restaurant providing fresh pizza, salads, and sandwiches in NE Phoenix. They also have a bar and small market area with wine, specialty jams and other unique grocery items. Their original location is in Flagstaff and they are now expanding to the metro Phoenix area. Several items are sourced locally for freshness and almost all dishes are made from scratch. On my first trip, I went for breakfast and ordered their bacon, egg and cheese panini. The egg was cooked perfectly for a sandwich and the bacon was very flavorful. Coffee is self serve in the morning, and available in a to go cup to top of for the road.  The staff is friendly and quick to serve customers, today even passing out free pumpkin muffins! I will be back to try dinner.
5	This is the kind of place our neighborhood needed! The food was fantastic, the staff beyond helpful and great decor. We had a salad, brushetta and a pizza. It was all delicious and fresh. I can't wait to go back for happy hour!
5	What a great place! Food is fresh and delicious. The wait staff is super friendly and helpful. Great atmosphere to bring the kids. We love the open air concept and will be coming back often. The cookies are awesome. So glad this is in our neighborhood.
4	We ate there last night. We had the "gluten friendly" free Bianca Pizza, it was very good. We loved the atmosphere, the staff was very friendly. We will definitely be returning. Welcome to the neighborhood.
5	Great place! Very nice and friendly. Concept is very unique as you can order your own food until 4 after wards, restaurant changes to a sit down restaurant.Food was AHHH MAZING! we ate very light. Strawberry Salad and pizza. I am in mesa and very worth the Drive!!
3	Average food, awful service.  Giving them three stars since they haven't been open long. I had chicken salad sandwich.  Flavorful but bread was extremely dry, and the chicken salad itself has scant mayo or whatever it is holding it together, so I choked it down with several glasses of water.  My side of fruit salad would be better coined as "bowl of melons".Husband had bacon cheddar burger, which was over cooked and bland.  He said side of pasta salad was really good however.Our server has now walked by our table eleven times without bringing the check.  Not impressed.  Hope they work out the kinks and confusion, seems like this place has potential but there is LOTS of disorganization and confusion by waitstaff and kitchen commotion.
5	Groovy new spot and very nice staff, outside dining and modern design... And good location. Enjoyed dinner, mushroom burger was really good including the sweet potato fries and macaroni balls!
3	Got takeout opening day a portabello burgerSide o fruit salad small and not ripeHad 2 bites o burger but got up for min and dog ate itIt was just okCame back for 7 brekkie pastry they open 7 but was told pastry coming out 730Not coolBut i suspect they will try to get it togetherWill come back later
2	4/26/14-  Bartender Peanut mixed me a special brew. 4/5 Hella Pils and 1/5 Firehouse Added after meal:  decided to go to the restroom before I left. NOT COOL!  Unisex sink area- guess I'm just old fashioned that way. I don't want to share a sink area and toilet with men.  I hope this isn't a new trend. Maybe they don't have the kinks worked out yet, so I'll give 2 stars for this visit. My sandwich - turkey and cheddar panini - was delicious. My fries were cold. Hubby's Cuban panini seemed to be assembled by a child- Cuban is turkey, ham and pickles- all the turkey was on one side of the bread, all the ham was on the other side and the pickle was only in the middle - so it was more like 3 sandwiches rather than the delicious combo of flavors that a Cuban should be. Let me just say that I never really understood the concept of placing your own order, picking a seat then having a "server" bring you the food. While waiting much too long for a panini, I saw the food delivery folks wandering all around almost dropping food looking for the right table. Also, you have to get your own drinks and condiments including salt and pepper. But you can bet there was a line for a tip in the credit card slip!  Since I did most of the work, it puts me in a pickle when it comes to tip amount. Outside seating and bar are really cool though and the music didn't suck. I'll be back to see if things improve.
1	Updated:  6-1-14I will update this review after/we return.  First bad sign was at the register.  The girl taking our order was ok but not exactly customer service oriented or friendly.  We ordered 3 appetizers so we could try a few different. Finally after 25 minutes 1 of the appetizers showed up (Mac n cheese balls). They were pretty good. Not amazing but good. About 5 minutes later our kale salad arrived.  I will say that the kale salad was fantastic. If I return again I'll order it for sure.  We were told our 3rd item (pretzels)  was going to be "right out". Well 20 minutes later (55 minutes total) they still haven't been delivered, no one has checked on us and our daughter is done sitting still so it's time go. I understand things happen in a restaurant but if you can't a soft pretzel taken care of in under an hour after you've been fully aware that there was an issue with this order 25 minutes in then you've got serious problems.  We really wanted to like this place.  It's got great outdoor seating and is right around the corner from my house.  Not sure yet if I'll give them another chance.  If I do. I'll update this review.Update : went back a 2nd time and had an equally disappointing experience.  We want to like this place but I can't imagine returning.
5	We needed a place like this in the neighborhood! The family and I checked it out for a late lunch yesterday. Cool space in the new strip mall. Order at the counter and find your own seat.I had the bacon cheddar burger with sweet potato fries. Both were deliciousThe Mac and cheese bites were delicious.My wife had the vegetable panini which she really liked.Our service was great and overall we both loved it.Will be back for sure.
2	I'm rooting for this neighborhood restaurant, but they really need to work on their customer service. The atmosphere is great, very cute and so far, after 3 visits, I can only say the food is just okay.  I would and want to continue to come back, but their service is NOT good. They really need to work on improving. C'mon, step it up! We want you to stay in business!!
4	I've only had to-go from Modern Grove, and my experience was pretty good. I ordered the veggie sandwich which had an abundance of grilled vegetables and creamy goat cheese. For my side I decided on pasta salad, the woman who took my order made sure to warn me that there was meat in the pasta salad, since I had ordered a vegetarian sandwich. I think it's great that she was paying close attention to such details, even though I'm a carnivore and meat was no problem. Once I got the sandwich, it turned out to be huge. The photo I have is of it cut in half, but it's actually two layers of sandwich on top of each other. The portion size was very generous. The bread that came on it was foccacia style and a perfect texture. The pasta salad was very good too, it had lot's of flavor. I will definitely return to try more of the menu.
4	Have been to this place twice since it opened a week or so ago.  Very delcious food.  Love the Mac and cheese bits with their bacon aioli dipping sauce.  So good the dipping sauce should be offered with the fries automatically.  Only thing I could say that they need to work on is their table running.  They have an indoor outdoor area and it seems as though they have no system on what numbers they hand out during the brunch/lunch hours.  Servers walk around looking for numbers as the food cools.  Definitely worth a try, but they still have a few kinks to work out.
2	This place is completely unprepared at all times. 45 minutes after placing my to-go order; I finally receive my food. Def NOT worth the wait. Overall; I don't recommend Modern Grove & my advice to them would to be hire better &/or more staff.
1	this place should have tested some things out before opening...like the food, the service, the food, the service... (what else is there?)sat down and immediately heard several managers apologizing to many tables about how late the food was coming out. the table next to us was one of those tables. they then got their food, lady took a bite and gentleman cut open his burger and they both literally got up and left! YIKES! we already ordered, so we were stuck now...food arrives about 25-35 minutes later. pizza comes out first which was interesting because the other items were two salads and a sandwich (nothing to cook). pizza was bright orange because of how much grease was sitting on top :( about 5 minutes later two salads came out... not our salads...so back to the kitchen they go. my husbands sandwich came out with fries when he ordered fruit. the menu isnt that complex, what is the deal? his sandwich was so dry he had to chug water between bites (chicken salad sandwich) the edges of the bread were rock solid/inedible. fruit salad i think was left over from breakfast because the dish was filled with juice and fruit was mush. as for the salads, they finally came out correct...but i think the lettuce was mix from when they opened. my husband works in the produce industry, and i couldn't even fork my spring mix because it was so mushy and flat. i ordered the chicken strawberry salad and the chicken was waaaay overcooked, couldnt even cut it with a fork to break it up. had to saw into it with a knife (these are 3 little nugget pieces anyway). went to leave, had to walk to the counter to get my check because the 17 people standing in the kitchen/front area couldn't seem to get it together. what could go wrong now? of well i was billed for the salad that i got incorrectly...they showed me the check for my bill and then charged me an extra $8...so 15 minutes later they got it fixed (still crossing my fingers that i dont get charged first) and then offered me a buy one get one free lunch... thanks but no thanks. i'll be driving right past this place or even going next door to firehouse. the structure is beautiful but service and food are kind of a bigger deal...!
3	I went for lunch I will not return for lunch but will try for dinner the menu is the same but I'm hoping experience will be much different . First off I'm not a fan of the concept of the restaurant being cafe style during day & sit down at night, it would make since if the menu was different durning day  but for how hot food is prepared I don't want a paradise bakery experience on walking up to order and then going to counter to pick up it was a bit of a disaster. Service is in great need of getting things to run smoothly here but it is a new restaurant so I'm sure it will get worked out . The food was ok nothing great but I would go back for convenience  of being close to hm , I do love the decor and urban vibe atmosphere the patio dining is really fun & cute! Reasonably priced menu options and kid friendly I will go back to try the dinner experience but for now it I would only give it 2.5/3 stars will update again after dinner experience
1	On my way to an appt today, I stopped in to have lunch and check it out.  It is rare that I am out and about without my kids, so I was looking forward to an awesome lunch.I followed the sign pointing me to the register to order, and got in line behind a large family.  I waited....and waited....and waited as about seven of them each placed an order.  Suddenly behind me I hear a voice saying to go to another register that opened.  I assume the voice is talking to me, since I am next.  But no...she is talking to the people BEHIND me in line!?!Really?  How hard is it to take the next person in line?  Realizing with this kind of service I would never make my appointment if I continued waiting, I left.  My first impression of your restaurant is one of disorganization and snide staff, because when the woman realized she'd skipped me, she said she thought I was with the other group (despite being behind them, not with them...and she should have asked).  She made no effort to make amends, and if management can afford to let paying customers leave their very first time visiting, shame on them.Very disappointed, thought we finally would have a neighborhood spot for our family, since several of us live in the neighborhood, but I guess not.  Not to mention the vibe in the place was pure chaos, which isn't a pleasant atmosphere to dine in.
3	Went to Modern Grove on a Saturday afternoon for a late lunch with my boyfriend. It reminded me of a Fox Concept but not as good. I really liked the look, the ambiance, the patio, and the overall feel of the place. It's a very laid back, come how you are type of place. The menu was okay, nothing I haven't seen before. Food was good, again nothing new, very basic salads and sandwiches. What Modern Grove has going for them is the ambiance, the patio, the grab n go market, the welcoming feel, and the convenient location. The service however, is severely lacking. Two food runners brought us our entrees and didn't bother to ask if we needed anything else. Just literally sat the plates down and walked away while carrying on with their conversation. We were sitting at the bar and not one of the THREE bartenders (there are only 16 stools and only about 6 were occupied) bothered to check on us. I finally interrupted someone to ask for salt and pepper and some ketchup for our fries. I saw managers sitting and eating, then sitting again, not doing anything productive to keep guests happy. You would think for a brand new place they would be doing more to promote their business, stopping by tables, introducing themselves, etc. Not so much. Hopefully, with time, the service will improve. It will probably be some time before I come back again. To sum it all up: Food: average Ambiance: good Service: amateur
2	I am really hoping this place gets it together soon. It is such an awesome location. However, our service and food was pretty bad. It took over 20 min for a waitress to take our order. (We were there around 5, so it wasn't busy.) My burger was over done and tastes rubbery. My kids food came our cold. It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk. I have this place two stars because the manager took care of our bill (we weren't the only ones to complain...) and because the grassy patio is really nice.
3	Cool setting and environment.  I really wanted to like the food because of this, but it was only so-so.  The bar is nice and they have good beers on draft and it's not overly expensive.  I wouldn't come back for the food, but I'd go back to have a drink and sit on the patio.
4	Really great new place! Hip decor, good food, great beer prices. The service was a little messy, but not surprising since they're new. Looking forward to trying this place again!
2	After seeing this new restaurant in our neighborhood we were anxious to try it.  Based on their website we decided to try it for Happy Hour.  The place is open and attractive.  When our server arrived my husband asked him what the happy hour wine was and his answer was that they didn't have happy hour YET.  He said that some things are happy hour priced but he didn't know what they were.  I told him they needed to update their website which clearly states they have happy hour and even have the menu posted.  We ordered the Cubano sandwich.  It was attractively presented, however, there was no turkey or cheese.  It was a very thin sandwich with two slices of ham and lots of pickles,  which did not cover the bread.  Very disappointing for the price.  The potato salad, however, was excellent.  Never once did anyone check to see how our meal was, including the manager.  The server was young and inexperienced.  We left disappointed.  Yesterday in the AZ Republic they featured this restaurant as a new Phoenix restaurant and mentioned the non-existant happy hour.  They have a long way to go if they are going to be successful.  Right now they are in the "honeymoon phase" but that will not last forever.
3	4/7/14:  food is still good, but again, service is a disorganized mess.  Server appeared before our butts were in the chairs, so we rushed to figure out what we wanted to drink.  They were out of two of the five beers on tap, but husband ordered one of the remaining three and I asked about the wines, and she knew nothing about them. I rolled the dice and ordered the red blend. She returned quickly with waters for us, and then we placed our order:  pretzel sticks appetizer to share, Italian chopped salad and hail kale salad for me.A few minutes go by and ALL of the food arrived, but we still had no beer or wine.  Thankfully the person who delivered our food went and grabbed our drinks from the bar for our server.Pretzel sticks were ok.  Better than most, but not as good as the pretzels from Haus Murphy, which is expected. Warm, light, fluffy, but blandish and not much salt.Kale salad was good.  Baby kale leaves, crunchy pistachios, mandarin oranges, cranberries, and vinaigrette, which was lightly flavored and tasty.Husband said Italian chop salad was "ok"...wasn't bad, wasn't great.  Note: if you order this, your meat is sparse and on the bottom.Ordered cheesecake for dessert when I started to update this review, still hadn't arrived...and I'm a slow phone typist.Still hopeful they get their ducks in a row--it's a great concept, just poorly orchestrated at this point.
4	Food is okay, not as imaginative or special as I had hoped. Wedge Salad was solid.  The 4 cheese panino lacks any special touches or flavors.  This place has a great deal of potential with a few tweaks.  Got free deserts to try, that is a great touch to gain wider favor.  Staff was a bit over eager but that is likely due to it being opening day
2	Took the kids to breakfast and was completely under whelmed. While lunch and dinner include a wait staff, breakfast is served cafeteria style. Yuk.  Order your food, wait, food comes out ..... nuts, didn't get silverware so go back in (we sat outside as apparently I hadn't ingested enough car exhaust) and nuts again as I forgot to get a drink.  They don't have a full bar so forget a breakfast bloody and the food was very forget able as well.  They employees were very nice, bright and cheerful so perhaps we will try it again for lunch or dinner.  Breakfast?  Not so much
5	This place is amazing! I love their staff and the decor and more importantly the food. My children loved the fruit and sandwiches as well my husband and I enjoyed our burgers and french fries. Food had such great flavor and was cooked to perfection! The staff was eager to help my family and myself from the moment we entered the door. I don't know about you but if that isn't great customer service then I don't know what it is! I will definitely return soon and tell all my friends and family about the new and exciting Modern Grove. I give them !
2	I am writing this review from the restaurant. Why, may you ask am I writing this from the restaurant and not ... Oh... Let's say eating or perhaps drinking? Well we have been sitting here for one hour (not an exaggeration - it's a Thursday. We got here at 7:45. It is now 8:48). Our appetizer has now arrived as well as my daughter's Mac and cheese, my husband's grilled cheese and a random pizza "on the house". It's been an hour. The appetizer we ordered is the Mac and cheese bites which are not bad. The cheese and bacon sauce is pretty good and really delish if you dip your sandwich.(Btw, 8:56 and the manager just came over. He apologized profusely and said he was embarrassed and offered to comp our meal. 3 of us still don't have a meal. The manager just came back to ask what we ordered)My daughter really loves her Mac and cheese which looks pretty delicious.I ordered the traditional iced tea which is really good and has a strong tea flavor. I like it a lot. I've also had a lot of it. :)It's 9:03.My husband is now taking my daughter home to put her to bed. She's 3.9:08! My food is here! My friend's food is here! My mother-in-law's food is not.Ok. Now we have our food. MIL has pizza Bianca. She likes it and says that you can really taste the different cheeses. There's arugula on it which gives the pizza bite and adds some delicious flavor. Both my friend and I ordered cheeseburgers . They were flavorful, but the kitchen put the whole burger under the broiler and that burned the top of bun and made the bun strangely greasy. I also thought that the patty was a bit thin which made it somewhat dry. Flavorful, but a bit dry.Now, we also ordered a bread pudding to go when we ordered almost 2 hours ago, but I think we're going to just let it go. Food is a 2Experience is a 0 but it's a cute place so it's a 1And so it's a 1 and a half, but the manager asked us to come back and try it again and I will give it the benefit of the doubt, so it's a 2.
4	Update: french fries and hash browns recipes changed. They were better when they first opened. I can't seem to get an answer on the change. Not as good. Great place. Great atmosphere. With open indoor and patio dining. Just had their grand opening and the service is getting to match the good good they serve. A must try if you live in the PV/Scottsdale area. Love the San tan hefe!
1	Long wait for food. Food arrived cold. Disorganized waitstaff. Nice patio but I can get that at home. Go to Firehouse Subs. It's just down the way...
1	Truly disappointed. This restaurant has so much potential but seems to be run by those from the Island of Misfit Toys. I gave this place 2 chances: lunch and dinner. Our dinner experience was that of everyone else listed. Took 2hrs for all of food to be brought and it came piece by piece over the 2hrs. It was kids Mac n Chz (cold & gross), side of sweet potato fries (cold) and caprese salad (quite nice). Gave benefit of the doubt as they had opened only a few weeks ago and tried lunch today. Still horrible. Ordered our food at the register, offered my card to pay and was told it would be 35 min wait for a burger and salad. really? I snatched my card back and told the gal to delete our order.  she seemed shocked we wouldn't wait. We will not return and have advised neighbors and friends of our experience there. Honestly, it seems the customers desperately want this place to to be their neighborhood cafe but ppl won't wait forever for this place to get its act together.
3	We stopped in Saturday about 12:30 and ordered at the counter.  Apparently this place is order at the counter by day and traditional restaurant style service at night.We ordered the hummus, kale salad, and Mac n cheese bites. We got our iced tea, which they have 3 kinds, and waited...After 35 minutes our food finally comes out, well the Mac bites and hummus. A food runner comes over with a kale salad which we tell her we are waiting on.  She then looks at the menu and takes our salad back to the kitchen and then starts cashiering... We tell another runner we are waiting on a kale salad so she goes into the kitchen and brings that same salad back to us.  Word to the managers- hot pink scrunchie employee is not helping you!!!!The food itself was actually quite good.  The Mac bites were warm and yummy- the pasta was not overlooked.  The hummus comes with yummy pita chips and olives and feta on top of the hummus.  The kale salad was my favorite with pistachios and mandarin oranges.If we had gotten our food without the confusion, if rate modern grove 4 stars.
1	Oh boy! They could really use some good management. Great concept but the poor employees have NO clue what they are doing. Maybe they opened too soon!
2	This place had potential too! Bummer. The decor is lovely, but the service is AWFUL. We ordered dinner and drinks...WE ended up having to go up to the bar ourselves to get the drinks after waiting 15 minutes. Our food took over 30 minutes to come out, and my bruschetta came out totally wrong. They have a pick 3...and the server brought out 1 out of the 3 I ordered. My husband ordered a burger and it was just ok.I wish they would have executed the service, because it really is a cute place. Definitely will not be returning to Modern Grove.
4	Great atmosphere.  It definitely helps revitalize the intersection at Tatum and Greenway.  The restaurant itself is really cute and lives up to its vibe of being a modern neighborhood eatery.  Love the outdoor space with the outdoor bar and the cornhole boards.I got the gobbler (turkey burger) which was pretty solid as far as turkey burgers go.  The toppings were generous (there was half an avocado on top -- yum).  The portions are pretty good for the price and the fries are delicious.  We went during lunch rush hour and while it was busy we didn't feel like our service was sacrificed.  Our food came out pretty much immediately after we had sat down.  Parking can be really busy (we had to park all the way down at Walgreen's).  The one thing -- and this is an odd complaint -- is that there weren't any napkin dispensers anywhere.  All of the silverware came wrapped in a napkin but when my hubby spilled his coffee we had no choice but to grab three or four silverware sets just to use the napkins.
4	First timers. Everyone is talking about this place. We had to try it.Absolutely exceptional customer service. Tina was so accommodating and willing to do what made my sister happy.. She had order the Cubano Panino, not realizing that there's massive mustard in the sandwich. Tina took it back with no hesitation,  gave her another sandwich with no mustard., not only that, she also put sweeet potato fries on the side for her on the house!! I ordered the Grove, vegetarian of course. It was okay. Not bad not good. The sweet potato is really good :)I drove far for this.. I would come back :)
3	First time. I may come again to try something else. I got a pizza and while it was very good the crust tasted like it needed salt. It had a fig spread, caramelized onions, goat cheese, and topped with ham. The fig spread was delicious and my husband kept stealing my pizza. His pizza was extremely bland. There wasn't any sauce and it basically was arugula and ham on a bland crust. My kids got cheese pizza which was good. The atmosphere is fun and the service decent. So I'll give it another try.
2	I have gone twice both for lunch, the restaurant is charming but anyone can make  trendy country decor. The food is hit and miss. They need to figure out what is working and what is not, there is no consistency. First time we ordered the chips and dip, was a hit and had unique texture and taste. The apple chicken sandwich was falling apart and light but nothing to write home about. The bruschetta was blah.Second time was a birthday celebration and two haven't been there before. I fore warned not to get their hopes up. Two ordered the mushroom burger, cashier didn't ask the temp, so it came our well done. Looked like a flat dry piece of meat. Then the strawberry chicken salad on field greens was disappointing due to the chicken being over cooked and so dry we had trouble cutting it let alone swallowing it.I ordered the margarita pizza to play it safe this time. It was flavorful and good. With the overall experience it's not worth the wait, time, or money. I might try it again in a few months after they work some kinks out!
2	I have been here twice.  The first time was fine and the food was good.  There were not many guests so the service was quick.  Based on the first time I would recommend this place to everyone.  The second time I went was not good at all.  It was busy but not all the tables were full.  It took 25 minutes to get chips and dip and we had to ask another waitress to remind our waiter.  It took a total of 45 minutes to get our sandwiches.  My sandwich was very good tasting but my wife's sandwich was completely black, not brown but black.  It was inedible.  Needless to say; the wait was bad and then the food, and even though the waiter was nice, he spent a lot of time just standing at the kitchen and not taking care of his tables.    We were not the only table waiting so there was obviously a problem in the kitchen and people were upset.  I am not sure if I will try it again but maybe they will get another chance.  On the positive side, when we showed the waiter the sandwich, which he had to see when he brought it to our table, they did not charge us for anything.  At least I have a free meal but we had to go somewhere else to get my wife something.  She didn't like my sandwich.
4	Takes a page from the LGO/Liberty Market blueprint for creating the neighborhood friendly market/bar that seems to be ever popular these days.  Unlike others my service was prompt and like most others my meal was good.
3	Solid, fresh lunch place! While there is nothing spectacular about the menu, the ingredients are super fresh. The house made bread is really an awesome touch.We went during lunch which is self serve. Found staff to be very helpful and friendly. Chicken salad sandwich is refreshing as was the tuna salad sandwich. Tuna was a bit heavy on the mayo but would give it another try. I rather enjoyed the mayo-less potato salad with fresh herbs and the inclusion of sweet potato cubes. Panini's are nice as well. My husband had the roast beef panini and he said it was very nice and flavorful.  "From the Grove" veggie panini is great! Love the grilled veggies with goat cheese - lots of natural flavors from the squash and peppers.Inside can be loud but l love the decor and neighborhood feel of this little eatery.  Would recommend anyone give it a try. Note peak hours are very busy - go early or late if possible.
3	Great spot for the area. Comfy and warm with a great patio and good energy. The food was fine. Pizza could have been warmer and the mac and cheese balls were a little bland although the dipping sauce was yummy. The issue here is service. It is very slow and not very attentive. I had to ask a busser for an iced tea refill. Once the food was delivered we never saw our server again until it was time for the check. We were asked 3 times by three different people if we would like our dishes cleared said yes please all 3 times but none of them ever cleared them. Odd.
2	PLEASE MANAGEMENT, work on making sure that food is delivered in a timely manner. Having to wait for dinner with kids is not fun as much as we love our children.We ordered the mac and cheese balls, they were really good. So was the bean soup (very tasty) however, here comes the bad news. The Cesar salad was awful, it came with dressing on it however it seemed so dry. I asked for extra dressing, I was given an ounce of dressing, not enough to make a difference in the taste. The chicken in it was dry and was cut into big chunks, wasn't sure if i was eating the croutons of chicken. Maybe slice the chicken instead of chopping them up in big bite size pieces? Also, please when you deliver food to a table, make sure you give your customers forks and spoons. Please? Having to wait to eat your salad because you are not given forks, SUCKS.  My mom ordered the kale salad was good but was over charged by 3 dollars when we received the bill. Bummer. Glad we caught it.Burgers were too salty, the kids ate the fries, not the burgers. Waste of food.Kids mac and cheese is da bomb. Yes, I ate off my daughters plate because my salad was yucky.My sister ordered a pizza but it looked under cooked, blah. I didn't even want to try it.Desserts are wonderful!!! Cheesecake is amazing as is the bread pudding.Please work on cleaning up the menu! This place can be a great neighborhood joint but your restaurant decor is FOR SURE is outshining your food.Will I come back? Probably not......not until I see Yelp reviews stating the places has changed for the better.I hate these kind of reviews but someone needs to tell Modern Grove that their food isn't so "modern" at this point. Could have cooked it at home kind of meal.Our waiter was AWESOME though!!!!!! I forgot his name but he did great.
2	My husband and I were so excited to see a trendy and family friendly restaurant pop up near our neighborhood we couldn't wait to try! We gushed over the decor for the entire time it took to get our wine (15 mins) which was sub par and room temperature. The menu was good, but only if you were on a "cheat day".  We ordered the only 3 healthy options on the menu and were VERY disappointed. The hummus app was the smallest portion of hummus we've ever encountered, but the stale pita chips were enough for a portion 10x the size.  My Caprese salad didn't feel fresh and his garden salad was blah.  Again we pondered, "maybe we ordered wrong" but come on, you shouldn't have ANYTHING on your menu if you don"t stand behind it.  It was so disappointing that WE WENT TO ANOTHER RESTAURANT  AFTER ON A WORK DAY THAT CRAZY!!!    This place makes me soooooo sad because its the first trendy thing within 7 miles of our house! PLEASE PLAESE FIX THIS WE WILL BE REGULARS!
4	The staff nice & helpful for the most part. The Hail Kale salad was very very tasty & side potato salad with sweet & red potatoes was tasty too. I would go back again & maybe have some of their beer selection.
4	First time here at this neighborhood joint....love the open air decor.....we sat at the bar and it was perfect....Tyler was very hospitable by giving us tasters of beer on tap and informative of the menue....I had the Kale Salad and Grilled Cheese with very tasty Fries......definitely will return to this place:-)
2	I have given this place four tries two lunch one dinner one brunch on Sunday and all failed in the food department. The first two times service at outdoor tables was awful. Extremely slow service. Refills were impossible and they were taking away plates before people were finished eating. Pretzels dry, salads wilted and sandwich my friend had was on dry bun and over cooked.  I blamed all this on the fact they had only been open a few weeks. Next two visits I sat deliberately up at the bar so i could eliminate the table service. The bartenders I have encountered are all very sweet and attentive but food quality still was terrible. Hummus had no flavor. I asked for veggies substitute instead of bread and it was like I asked them to make me a Big Mac. The pizza my friend ordered was under done and the crust was still white. I opted to forgo dinner and drank a glass of wine. My last trip was from this past Sunday. I went alone for morning brunch. My quiche (you can see in pic) had a browned top and a raw bottom crust. Eggs were cold and even watery and undercooked in center. What a bummer. This place is literally one min from my house and I would have given them regular business. Giving up until I read consistent good reviews.
2	April 26 was a rainy Saturday morning. Our daughter was in town, so 3 hungry adults headed out to have a nice breakfast. We arrived at 10:58 am, and after my husband parked the car we were at the register at 11:01 am. The restaurant was half empty.  We began to order and the cashier informed us the breakfast stopped at 11:00 am. I asked if we couldn't please still order. No, breakfast was served until 11:00!!! We said we'd go some place else.....no response!!!!! (Very bad sign!). We went to CHOMPIES, where we were greeted by Lovey Borenstein, the owner, and enjoyed a wonderful breakfast!   AND Chompies has been in business for 35 years!Perhaps Modern Grove should get a clue!
3	This is an excellent addition to the area.  Its a great indoor/outdoor space with a very relaxed atmosphere.  Actually, I think its a little too relaxed.  My family was greeted right away upon entering and were given a table outside.  It was seriously 10 minutes before anybody even noticed us to take a drink order or at least say hi.  It wasn't even that busy (5:45pm on a Tuesday) so it was odd.  My wife lost the coin toss so she had to walk inside to ask wtf the deal was.  They sent one of the bus boys to take our drink order which finally came 10 minutes after that.  Our actual waitress was very very nice but that was about it.  Our appetizers came out 30 seconds before our entree which didn't even matter because we didn't have any silverware.  I lost the coin toss on that one so I had to walk inside to steal some off another table.I have to say though, this place does have the food going for it at least.*  wedge salad = excellent.  One of the best I've had.  The reduced balsamic was a nice touch as was the plentiful bacon* fried mac n' cheese balls = omg so good.  and that dipping sauce..holy cow I just had a heart attack* burgers = very good burgers for a bar type place* peach iced tea = gross...I normally don't Yelp ice tea but this was awfulAnyway, I will be back.  I like the atmosphere and the food was good.  The happy hour specials were decent too but I didn't get to take advantage because my family was invisible for 15 minutes to a waitress.
3	This place was all right. Other reviews likened their first impression of Modern Grove to a "second tier Fox concept," and now that I've spent a meal there I pretty much agree.We came here for a late-ish (1:45 - 2:00) lunch on a sunny (and windy!) Saturday. I was surprised that pretty much all the lawn tables and seating were full, given how gusty it was outside. The big garage-door window wall was up and there is tons of natural light in the space, so we got to have some of the effects of outdoor seating without my hair turning into a nest and our napkins flying around. Score! Another score: didn't have to worry about being bombarded by one of the many children flinging beanbags at each other and running around the front door. Hey, their parents were too busy drinking beer to keep their kids in check. Give them a break. *eyeroll*Service at lunch time was order at the counter, fill your own drink, take your number to the table style. I appreciated that the girl at the "host" station asked each incoming party if they'd been there before (most had not) and explained the set up. It's just nice.We ordered the hummus to share, while I took the veggie panini and boyfriend opted for the turkey burger. The hummus and my sandwich came out at the same time; turkey burger took about 5 more minutes. Not a huge deal, since boyfriend was in the process of ordering us drinks at the bar and the amount of time he waited for those two drinks took laughably long. There was a guy at behind the bar with his back to the inside room, reading over some notebook/menu who WOULD NOT turn around. Finally another girl came over and took his order for a beer and mimosa. Again, it took FOREVER for her to give him the tab and then pick up his card and run it. Maybe she was in the weeds, but it really wasn't that busy?Onto the important stuff: FOOD. The hummus was delish, and I liked the pita crackers it was served with. I really enjoyed the feta/olive/herb oil melange poured on top of the hummus. Veggie panini was standard. I really loved the grilly flavor of the veggies, I just wish they would think outside the box. All I could discern was grilled onions, zucchini and red peppers, with the same standard-blah balsamic glaze. Mix it up! I got a fruit cup for my side, which was a typical mix. (Grapes, pineapple, melons)Boyfriend said his turkey burger was one of the best he'd ever had, and it looked great. There was a good portion of avocado on top of the patty, none of this "here's a microscopic sliver of avo for $1.00" business to be found. His fries were thin and seasoned. Great!I found out my boss had tried this place for dinner and had a disastrous wait time. Between her experience and many reviews on Yelp, I think our future game plan for Modern Grove will be: 1) stick to an "off" time, 2) try a different vegetarian option (the pizzas looked pretty dang good; the bruschetta assortment looked a little wimpy for $10) 3) attempt to kidnap a child and see how far away I can get before their drinking parents notice. Hooray!
2	Service and execution need help. On our third visit to modern grove the kitchen was a disaster. Sandwiches came out looking beautiful until you turned it over to discover the bottom was black. Asked for a replacement grilled cheese which they graciously supplied. Unfortunately, the cheese was not melted?For a group of six, kitchen sent out 2 meals, several minutes later came next 3 meals. Last person was served 10 minutes later than the rest of the party. Steak sandwich was served rare not by request. Embarrassing that service is so hit or miss. Get your act together and I'll be back!
1	I'm totally disappointed, i wanted to like the place, the menu looks good, but I'm not coming back any time soon.first the lady a the counter was very nice (you order an pay first) I ordered a to go wedge salad, it took over 15 minutes to get it... really? finally i get up and see if somebody know anything about my salad, the lady who took the order saw me and knew right away they had messed up. again she was very nice offering cutlery and stuff but i just needed to leave.i opened my salad and it looked like it had been sitting outside a few minutes, with a LOT of creamy dressing and a very strong mayo flavor, i like mayo, but not on my wedge salad, who puts mayo on a "ranch" dressing??second, why wont you list your wedge salad under salads, but under starters? it didn't make sense...the bacon tasted a little burnt, i couldn't even taste the bruschetta tomatoes...The whole place looks disoriented, a couple looking for a "waiter", another person asking for ranch at the counter, people didn't know where to order, etc.and the place is a little loud, the decor is nice, open modern, but that is it....
3	I live in the area and drive by all the time.  I had wanted to try it for a few weeks.  I went today with my daughter who was in town visiting.  She was not that impressed and I must say that I expected much more.  It was a cute vibe and certainly has a style that is inviting.  I got in the wrong ordering lane and was re-directed right away by a hostess type person.  I don't like making decisions at a new place while waiting in a long line and then feeling rushed when its my turn.  I will do better next time!  Yes, I would go back.  The food was nice, but I wasn't blown away.  I got the hamburger and my daughter got a tuna sandwich.  I think I will try some of the other items on the menu as I really think it looks like there are some good items to try.  Also, they make everything to order and special dietary concerns.  Nice!!!  Another issue with the place is the parking.  There is a side lot, but whenever I'm in this lot, there is usually a semi or a delivery truck blocking the back and it causes a major traffic jam.  There was a line of cars trying to find a spot and there were none.  They have to figure it out because everything in this little strip is popular and everyone is looking for a spot.  (Dunkin Donuts, Firehouse Subs, Nail salon, and Edible Arrangements).  Full Service is in the evening and daytime is self serve.  There were lots of young children in the restaurant while I was there, but that was not a problem at all.  I've now been back about five times and have one additional comment. The service is bad. Drink refills, condiments, and basic service is MIA. If you need something, ask a bus boy. They hustle and will help you. The servers haven't learned basic skills of how to take care of their tables.
2	I really wanted to like this place since it's in our neighborhood, but we've now been there for both brunch & dinner and were disappointed both times. The atmosphere is so cute and the patio set up is great. However the food is terrible. We were with a party of 5 for dinner, and all of us thought our food was just blah. Then my husband & I went for brunch, and both did not like our meals then either. I hope they improve their food! I really want to like this place.
2	We had a steak panini and the grill chicken panini, nothing special. Just a regular panini. The place looks really good, would be a nice to sit outside and have a beer. But not my style of food.
2	I had such high hopes.  The patio is fantastic.  The interior is gorgeous and hip and to the other extreme the food is so boring and tasteless.  My pizza (I posted a pic) prosciutto arugula, the crust was bland and looked parbaked.  Table was dirty.  Staff appeared to be annoyed by patrons.  We ordered cheesecake and was told it comes with a cranberry sauce on top.  In actuality it's blueberries.  Also the dessert took between 15-20 minutes for it to arrive...  For cheesecake.  Huh?  I think it was defrosting.  Who knows.  I don't have any plans returning for lunch or dinner.  Maybe the breakfast would be a better choice.  We shall see....
5	I have no idea what people are talking about... So far the past two times I have eaten here, it's been great! The employees here are always so kind. I received me food in a timely fashion, less then 15 minutes, and it tasted spectacular! I've had the Shrooms Burger and Margarita Pizza so far and highly recommend it. I also love ordering their tropical green tea. Thank you Modern Grove, I'll be back.
2	I won't be going back. I've been there twice now for dinner. The first time we had to wait for chairs to be found for an available table outside. I wanted that table because it was the furthest from the speakers. The music is LOUD! The second time we sat inside and we had to lean so far forward to hear each other. Service there leaves something to be desired. When we first entered the restaurant  there were 3 young ladies at the hostess stand, 2 with their backs to us. No one looked as we arrived or greeted us. I had to get their attention to be seated. Both times we had to wait for silverware and flag down our waitress for our check and once because our order was wrong. No one came by to ask how we were doing. I watched as someone at two other tables got up to find out where their food was. It looked like our waitress had tables all over the place both inside and out. The only person smiling was a very confused bartender unsure how to make a drink, but was laughing about it. We ordered salads and it took over 20 minutes to get our food. We asked for a mixed French fry order to go and did not get it. AGAIN we had to flag down a waitress. She brought us the wrong french fries. And when we brought that to her attention not a word was said.  She just picked up the bag and walked away. About 10 minutes later she came back with the other type of fries thrown into the bag on top of the other ones and they were burnt. We brought this to the attention of the manager since I am a business owner and would like to know when something wasn't right. He also did not say a word.The food otherwise was ok. Not worth the other inconveniences.
2	Ok,  I hate to pile on to this place.  It has SOOO MUCH potential and the whole area wants them to succeed!  The restaurant itself is really nice inside and out and the concept seems like it would be a lot of fun but.... It's not.  The service is slow and seems confused.  They food is well.. just blah.  I have been there twice and it is the only time in years of eating out that I have felt the need to add salt and pepper to my dishes, BOTH TIMES!  There are way too many really good places to eat just minutes from this restaurant for about the same price.  Also, what is with the truck Trailer(s) in your parking lot.  It's not a big lot in the first place.  Ok so enough bashing.  You have a great concept and a great looking restaurant.  Figure out your kitchen so food comes out timely.  Tweek your recipes so the food had a lot more flavor.  (We put up with "True Food" portion sizes only because the food is pact with flavor.) Organize your servers and wait staff so it is more efficient and organized (you may think it's organized but it doesn't seem like it or look like it.) Finally, if you want it to be a neighborhood hang give us a GREAT Happy Hour! Good drink and appetizer specials and a cheap kick-butt Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's on the weekends.  I really hope you guys get it together because you could be a lot of fun!Oh and fix your water in the bathroom hot is always on the left!
1	Ok if you want a quick, inexpensive meal and are ok with bad service.  On multiple occasions I ordered a salad which took almost 30 minutes (the wedge).  On 2 occasions they "lost the ticket" on the food and didn't take the initiative to consider it belonged to a table.  What do you expect when you're being served by high school students and 19 yr olds serving beer?  I'd rather pay more for good service.I've been here about a dozen times at all times of the day .. Service has been bad every single time.  The wifi doesn't work, and has never worked, and the waiters and bartenders have no customer service skills.  I honestly don't know why I keep coming back other than it's close to my house.
3	First time to visit this new restaurant in my neighborhood.  I arrived about 820 a.m. on a Friday and noticed right away how attractive the restaurant is. High ceiling; Walls of windows/doors (open to morning's cool breeze); Nice bar area; and Music (although a little too loud). Ordering is done at the counter and menus are displayed on walls; easy to read. There were two women ordering and one gentleman ahead of me.  It took more than five minutes for me to order. The woman at the counter was very pleasant and I ordered the breakfast burrito. When the food arrived, it was tasty and I requested additional salsa which they provided. I thought the wait time was a bit longer than I expected (more than 6 minutes - for a breakfast burrito)Seats are very uncomfortable (small, metal) but the open air concept is nice. I will be back with friends for dinner (I'm sure it'll be leisurely...) and I do hope the management reads these reviews and takes action. As a small business owner, I want to support local, neighborhood places. It's an attractive place and the menu appears tasty.  (What's with the semi trucks in the parking lot running their generators - huh?)
2	Cool restaurant great neighborhood concept but the food is so bland. Store bought chips for the dips. Kids Mac and cheese is gritty and flavorless. Chicken in salad is over cooked and not seasoned. Heaping pile of raw arugula on my pizza. Salt is great resource. Thanks but no thanks not again
4	I'm giving you 4 stars because I want you to succeed. It is the coolest place in the area by far. However after eating here 3 times now the reality is that your food is just okay. It's not that fresh and its pretty heavy. Service is improving. You must improve your food.
2	My husband and I were excited when Modern Grove opened, we live near by. We've been there 3 times. # 1 beers are NOT cold. #2 service is slow and often have to look for your server #3 wait time for food seems a little too long. We have always been able to get a seat without having to wait. We have been disappointed with them. We will not go back until we have heard better reviews.  I  hope the management  looks at these reviews and attempts to make changes.
5	Great Breakfast this morning Eggs Beacon and Hash browns  done just right! Thanks to the cook grilling to order.
2	Food is good. Problem - we are here at 8pm and the interior is lit up like an operating room. Want a glass of wine and relaxation - why do we need 450 watt lights?? Seats are uncomfortable.
1	My husband and I were so excited when this opened in our neighborhood. Like other reviewers have said, it's beautiful inside and out. I was in last night to pick up take out and sat at the bar to have a glass of wine. The pizza and fries I got were truly awful, overcooked to the point of being burnt and tasteless. Nevertheless I was so taken by the patio and hacky sacks on the patio for our two kids that we came back tonight in the hopes of enjoying a glass of wine while they played. Wow. Very poor service and food was worse than last night. We were seated by the greeter and we asked to get some bags for the game of hacky sacks, she told us to ask at the bar as she walked away. Pizza is on thin cracker-like base and utterly tasteless.The beef panini was brought out with our appetisers which we specifically asked not to happen. We asked for it to be brought back and they offered to "keep it under a warmer" which I refused and asked for a fresh sandwich to be fired in about 20 mins. 4 mins later the same sandwich comes back out. And so on and so forth. Such a shame. We so wanted to love it . We would have been regulars due to the awesome patio for the kids. If you don't have food and service you don't have anything.
1	This place has so much potential but falls flat. I ordered a chicken panini and had one bite. The chicken was dry and the panini bread was horrible. The only thing I ate off my plate was the fruit. I ordered a mimosa and basically got an oj with a splash of champagne. The staff seems confused about everything and are all running in a million directions.Aaaaand the hat stand in the bathroom looks ridiculous.
3	Positive and negatives to this new place:Positives: fun, clean, friendly service, and good prices.Negatives: uncomfortable seats, chef has a heavy hand with the salt (specifically the Mac and cheese balls/french fries), bacon is TOO smokey whoa, and the potato salad came as a surprise when it was made with sweet potatoes and really tasted and had the same consistency as baby food.
2	***Only reason for the second star is due to the decor, this place is SO cute.Sunday night, the man and I wanted a small bite to eat and have seen some check-in's here so we decide to check it out. Menu online looks great, a few things right up my ally that I would like to try! (Including fresh mozzarella, I'm obsessed with it)The evening started with "What do you want to drink?" We order two beers and are followed by "we're out of that..." Needless to say, not a great start. We decided on mac and cheese bites and a wedge salad for our starters. 20+ minutes go by, and our mac and cheese bites arrive, no wedge in site! Another 5-10 minutes rolls around, low and behold, the wedge finally arrives.I am a big salad fan. In all my years of eating out and watching the food network, I have never once seen a wedge salad COVERED with ranch AND a balsamic glaze. This is a big "culinary faux pas" in my opinion... I ordered a chicken panini and my boyfriend decides on a roast panini...Sandwiches arrive about 2 mins later, right after our apps were set down, and I can't even begin to explain how bad these things were. I'm talking cardboard bread, bagged/dry/bland chicken with maybe one speck of fresh mozz and a teeeeny bit of the pesto sauce. The roast sandwich comes with about 2 well done+++++ pieces of steak and a few onions. Fries were over salty, and the potato salad my boyfriend order (which was supposed to be pasta salad, but we figured we would deal) was like a tasteless lump of "stuff"... Service is big for me, seeing as we both work in the restaurant industry, I've never seen such a young, immature staff... High schoolers serving you, eating food at the table in the corner in plain site. As we were leaving, we even saw the teenage manager walk out to text on his cell phone.This was a pretty big bummer, I had high hopes for this place, and made the drive from Tempe to try it out. Like I said before, great decor, and has a great potential to succeed, but they need a serious staff AND menu wake up call... We unfortunately will not be back. :(
2	I hate to bash a place that I want to succeed, but after 3 visits this will be my last.   All three times my wife and I visited we never received our appetizers.  The first time we chalked it up as a new spot, but the next 2 times we chalked it up as just bad service and a confused staff.   We also received our dinner plates separately which is just ridiculous.   I see from other reviews we aren't the only ones experiencing the poor service.  I hope it changes as I like the location and feel of the place, but can't recommend at this time.
3	I wanted to really like this place. My friend took me out to lunch here yesterday and upon first look it's a really cute looking spot. I like the open concept and there is and cute outdoor grass area you can bring your dog to. As far as the food goes it was pretty mediocre for the price. We had the hummus starter and two paninis. The hummus was pretty good but both paninis were very dry and not full of flavor. I would probably give this place another try in the future if I was in the area.
4	Went there for my birthday and had a great time.  Our server was friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. We started with a bruschetta board that was amazing. For dinner a friend and I split a chicken panini and chopped salad.  The salad was terrific but the sandwich was just ok.  We played a couple of games of cornhole and just had a fun evening.
5	This place has a really great atmosphere. It's perfect for dinner bc the food is delicious and reasonably priced. Their customer service is amazing and everyone is so nice and friendly. Definitely coming back here
1	If you like waiting for absurd amounts of time for gross food this is your place. We came here with our baby and waited a total of an hour and 15 minutes to not receive our appetizer or my meal. The beers were good and waiter was nice. They brought us out the Mac and cheese bites as an apology for our wait and they were extremely bland AND there was no salt in sight. The horror!!!Our appetizer (which was caprese and should have been fast to make) never came. My husband's sandwich was okay and came at 45 minutes. While I waited... We finally gave up and they brought us our bill. I complained and the manager comped our meal and brought me the bruschetta to take home in the 9th hour. It was dry, small, unappetizing and I threw it away after picking at it. Recommendation to management- make better food and deliver on time. Your menu is original, ambiance and concept is good and the neighborhood needs your type of restaurant. Go to the vig, le grande orange, and Postinos- take notes and copy their recipes.
3	Gave the new place a try last night with my husband and we were not overly impressed. Negatives: Like many other reviews, the seating was uncomfortable. My husband's hamburger patty was super thin. You could barely see it under all the lettuce and bun. Mac-n-Cheese balls were bland. Positives: The staff was friendly, atmosphere was inviting and our food came out quick considering the place was packed. Because this place is new, I'm willing to give it a second chance. I'd like to try the panini or breakfast.
3	The place is really cute and has a really nice outdoor area to include a bar. Went for lunch and sat outside on the artificial turf.  The lights strung up outside I'm sure will provide great atmosphere at night. The food was good, but noting spectacular. I had a garden salad and the other people in my group had a chicken panini sandwich in which the chicken was dry and a strawberry salad where the strawberries were mushy. I could look past all of that, but the thing that got me is how slooooowwww the service is. We ordered fairly quickly and the it took forever for the food to come out. I hope that they get it figured out and pick up the pace because this place has potential, especially in a neighborhood that lacks these cute, trendy places.
3	Just tried the new little cafe. Reminds me of a cross between LGO and Postino-just not as good. It's nice though to have an option like that close by instead of driving to Arcadia. We will definitely go back.
3	I'm happy to have a cute place like this to enjoy happy hour in North Phoenix. The happy hour prices are extremely reasonable, especially if you're wanting to drown out the memories of your work day with 32-ounces of beer. The bruschetta was tasty, but the pieces were so teeny. The Mac n Cheese balls were crunchy and creamy, but you definitely need the dipping sauce with them, they don't stand alone well. The basic chips and salsa was satisfying, the salsa being sweet. I love the outdoor space with the fake grass, it's fun to sit and enjoy the outdoor area. The service is slow and mostly inattentive, but friendly. Not sure if that is because of the actual servers or because the place is new.Overall - it's a trendy and causal atmosphere to enjoy a cheap happy hour, nothing gourmet or revolutionary about it.
5	Great service! And great food! Michelle and Rachael behind the bar made our experience even better! The food was outstanding! Love this place! They have a great wrap around  patio perfect to bring your pet!! Fireplace. Outdoor & indoor bar seating! A must try!
4	Great atmosphere.  The service was great.  Food was ok.  I will go back as they were just opening and ironing things out.  Big negative is there were lots of kids running around screaming in the outside area.
4	Modern Grove recently opened in the neighborhood. Recommend this place for a chill night out with the guys. Servers have always been very helpful and quick. Burger was a little overcooked but they re-made a burger with no problem.Highly recommend giving them a try!
2	cute neighborhood place BUT we were handed a happy hour menu (Friday 4pm) and ordered several items from it... all great BUT when bill came and i noted the difference she said "this is Monday thru Thursday"..... ummmmm why is hostess handing me a hh menu???? watch out!
2	Went there last week not expecting much as my husband's been there twice and was very disappointed in the quality of the food. The ambience is very modern and cute but I agree with him the food was not good. I had the grilled chicken panini with sweet potato fries. The chicken was terribly dry, there was hardly any sauce and lots of red onions. I could only eat a quarter of it. The sweet potato fries were ok. My friend ordered the steak sandwich which she also said was terrible. I don't plan on coming back here again. Service was pretty good but the food was just abysmal.
5	Just found this place!  Open air, great sandwiches, good drink prices, and DOG FRIENDLY.   Love it so far
5	Modern grove is a local restaurant tocated at Tatum and Greenway. This place specializes in home grown , organic local choices ranging from pizza to salads. One of my favorites is the turkey burger. Its served with your choices of vegetables ; but what's best is that its extremely juicy. Great selection of beer and wines too.
5	OMG, this is my new favorite place! It was so nice to get a modern, fun, great food restaurant in the neighborhood. My husband and I love going for lunch and happy hour. The atmosphere is so cute and the $5.99 pizzas on Tuesday is such a fun idea. We continue to bring our friends and come back!A couple of items we love are the bruschetta boards and the margarita pizza! I definitely recommend it!!!
5	We came in for a late night meal. This place is awesome the food was good. The service was very fast. We even got some free pastries for being the last customer. Normally the waiters and the staff hate the end of day people but they are great!
5	Great Cubano Panino -Paninis hot seasoned fries Yummy busy place 70 people dining in tonight at 7 pm Great  Bartender -Tyler stays on top of your order.
3	Ok. Recap two months later. My wife and I revisited. Service and employee attitudes have greatly improved. We will come back.
2	Blech.  I was really hoping to enjoy this place since Its so close to home.  The interior is very clean and fresh looking and the employees seemed nice enough.  The food however was abysmal.I got a chicken caesar salad and a cubano panini.  Whatever chicken they used in the caesar sincerely made me sick to my stomach.  It was borderline rancid.  I would have preferred one of those ready kit salads you can buy at a grocery store.   The cubano panini was basically just mustard with slivers of meat on panini bread.  That's all it tasted like, mustard bread.  If it weren't for the rancid chicken in the salad I would chalk it off to maybe a poor choice in sandwich and forgo the salad if I were to give it another shot.  Its highly unlikely though.
2	This was my second trip in and I was hoping for better.  I had the cubano panini and could barely eat it.  First off when it arrived it looked sloppy...you know the bread didn't line up ..like it was thrown together.  It was heavy on the mustard and pickles.  So much that I couldn't taste anything else.  I don't think the bread was very fresh either.  It just didn't have that grilled, spongey panini goodness.  I should have skipped the sweet potato fries.  They were soggy and limp.  My husband had the regular fries and they were much better.  But his turkey and cheddar panini also left him disappointed.  The atmosphere for dinner was very noisy.  We were stuffed onto a bench next to a couple having words.  But it was just too noisy for them to argue effectively.  I think Modern Grove has potential but they need to start watching what comes out of the kitchen.
1	I decided to give it one more try to see if Modern Grove could redeem themselves.  Unfortunately, they did not.  My wife and I waited, and waited, and waited for about 15 minutes.  We thought they should come to our table very soon.  Another group came in, was seated, had their drinks and we were still waiting.  We finally got up to leave and the waiter came over and said hi.  I told him we were leaving as we had been here too long.  He could care less as he just walked off without any apology or explanation.  I would give this place a minus 5 if I could.  I will not waste my money at this place as this time was worst than the last.  I do not remember ever going somewhere to eat and not being served at all.  Worst service of all time.
2	This place is ok for happy hour.  Both of the bartenders were very nice and helpful.  I looked at their happy hour menu online ( I always do some research before I go to a new place) and saw that the prices for wine was $3.99 a glass from 3-6pm.  I even called the location to verify that the online prices were up to date.   I was told that they were and I went to meet a friend after work.  When we got there, the happy hour prices were VERY different.  The prices were $5-$9 a glass.  I asked the bartender about it and he said that their prices have gone up.   Not his fault- but definitely not what I was told over the phone.So whatever, I ordered a beer and it was good.  My friend ordered the Pinot Grigio and it was pretty terrible.     The malbec  wine she had next was better.  The bruchetta was good.  We mixed 3 different kinds.  We also ordered a margherita pizza which I liked ($5.99 happy hour  $10.99 reg price) but if I had paid $11 bucks, I might not have.   The seats are all metal and after sitting for an hour ,my rump was sore.  Annoying, after a long day at work and all you want to do is relax and be comfortable.  The bathrooms are unisex, which I did not know so I kinda freaked out when I walked into the bathroom and saw a urinal.  I ran back out and double checked that I was in the right place....I want to give this place 3 stars but I can't justify it.  2 stars for employees being super nice and attentive.
1	We've tried this place twice, as we thought they deserved a second chance. We won't be going back.On our first visit, we experienced poor service and mediocre food. Two of our people in our group had their food forgotten entirely, and it took well over an hour to finally get it. On our second visit, the service was slow, and one of the orders from our group was dropped on the floor and had to be remade. For the price, the food falls well short of expectations.
4	This is the type of restaurant/bar that I wish we had more of around the Kierland area. It's a terrific set-up, with a cool vibe, out-door seating, great indoor/outdoor bar area. But they have to clean up their act with regards to service and food prep.  Food comes out cold and/or way late. The staff seems disjointed and poorly managed. No one seems to know what they are supposed to be doing.  The ONLY thing this place needs is better management.  But they better figure it out quickly, because it will be a shame to see it close because it was poorly run.
1	First try at this restaurant and deeply disappointed.  The restaurant is vey cool, relaxed and our server was very nice.  However, it was possibly the worst Panini I have ever eaten.  My friend and I ordered the 4_cheese.  Bread was unusually stale, cardboard-tasting and there was hardy any cheese.  Not a single grill mark....just boring, hard bread.  The couple who joined us were very disappointed in their chicken Panini .  Same stale, hard bread and process-tasting chicken.  We need a great restaurant in the area, so the place needs to fix their food quality or I can't see any reason for any one to return.  So if the management is reading this, listen up...we WANT you to succeed!
5	Great fresh food. In the evenings it turns into more of a waiter serviced style restaurant. In the afternoons you order at the register.
4	Great place to hang out. Napa pizza is delicious. Hail Kale salad was phenomenal. Glad to have found this restaurant in the neighborhood. Reminds us of the Oakville Grocery that once was at Scottsdale Quarter. Tuesday's deal on gourmet pizza can't be beaten. Only $5.99 all night long on Tuesdays. Wait staff are friendly but service is lacking on attentiveness. Would definitely come back and recommend this place to friends in the neighborhood.
1	Very average food. No selection of veggies for salad. The chicken had a funky taste from refrigerating after cooking. Not impressed and won't be returning unfortunately.
3	Like everyone else, I WANTED to love this place. However I experienced the same issues everyone else did - long waits for food, weird and slow service (they put in my husbands order - he asked for no onions, came out and told us the onions were premixed so he ordered something else, then came back out and said we changed it back to the first item because we were wrong about the onions), and mediocre food. I loved the atmosphere and the decor. Luckily, after reading a few reviews, I knew we might be in for a wait, so we came prepared to keep our kids occupied. I will most likely go back in a couple of months and hope that they heed all of these Yelp reviews. If they are able to improve the food quality and the wait/service issues, then this will turn into a 5 start place for sure!
2	The first impression I had when we walked in was, "Wow, it's loud in here." It reminded me of a cafeteria. They sat the two of us at a tiny round table that had very little room. They had an unlit candle, a tall table number, a flower, and a bottle of water taking up the space (not to mention our water glasses, silverware, and menus). We got prompt service and I ordered a beer (which they didn't have, so I ordered a different one).We ordered the bruschetta board and when it came the server looked at us, then at the tiny table, and at us again with a puzzled look. We tried to make room for this huge board she had in her hands. We told her she would need one of the two pizza racks in her other hand. She got it figured out and we made a comment about the tiny table. She then offered us tiny plates, we said no because there wasn't any room. We put the flower, candle, and number on the floor just to make room. The bruschetta was average. The best one was the salami pesto.We ordered our food. My wife had the strawberry chicken salad and I had the bacon cheddar burger. There was nothing exciting about the salad. We asked about the chicken because it had a weird taste. Not a taste like it was bad, but like it was prepackaged and came out of a bag. We got the run around for a while and ended up getting a very vague response that didn't answer our question. The burger had all the flavor and excitement of a frozen "hockey puck" paddy. The fries were good, but I learned later that I could have gotten sweet potato fries but wasn't given the option.On our way out, we went over to the market area and I watched the kitchen for a bit. What I saw here is the reason I will not go back. The kitchen was a hot mess. The floor was littered with trampled food. The cook was disheveled and did not look professional at all. He was wearing a pair of gloves, but I don't think he understands what the gloves are supposed to do. I watched him prepare a salad (including breaking cheese apart with his hands). Then bend down and open a drawer to get something else out. He grabbed the spatula and flipped a burger. He also grabbed a disgusting looking lid that was covering some vegetables, scooped up the vegetables with his hands, and then put them on someone's plate. He did all this with the same pair of gloves on. The gloves should be used for sanitary purposes, not to keep his hands clean. I never saw him change the gloves or clean his hands.Overall, we were rather disappointed. Other than the decor, this place was nothing special. We could have stayed home, made the same meal for cheaper, and eaten at a real table.
2	Modern Grove has all the makings of a great restaurant. It really reminded me of one of Sam Fox's restaurants, like True Food or something. So adorable inside and out. But that just did not make up for the poor quality food. The bruschetta was pretty good, we got the tomato, pesto and salami, and roasted peppers and goat cheese. I liked the latter 2, but the tomato was...meh. I ordered the strawberry chicken salad and there was absolutely nothing special or unique about it. Like other readers, I found the chicken to taste weird. I asked the server where it was cooked (suspected it was a fully cooked frozen patty when they purchased it), and after avoiding me for about 10 mins, I asked again, and she said her cook was on break and she'd have the answer soon. Answer was that they overnight the chicken, and she overemphasized that they keep it in the refrigerator until they use it, or they freeze it before it goes bad. Well whoop de do! Good for you, MG! You refrigerate your meat!! Anyway, things were just not good, and it seems like they cut corners in a lot of places by buying pre-made food items and not really cooking anything from scratch. My husband got the BBQ cheddar burger and the bun was huge but the burger patty was itty bitty. Just because you have a huge bun doesn't fool me on the actual burger size!  Although the fries were tasty :). So overall very disappointed. Don't let Modern Grove fool you into thinking they are fresh or healthy.
1	OK went back to grab a pastryIn brief, took forever to get served at the counter and the cherry croissant was raw dough in the middle, threw it away.Would have asked for a refund but was miles away already when I bit into itUGHDo not waste your money here...
2	I've been back several more times. Sad to say that they haven't gotten the service issues fixed. You just need to go and realize that you have to accept what they bring and how they serve it. Condiments that you want and service are just not going to happen. Example: breakfast toast served with no butter or jelly. Server disappears and doesn't return until you beg to get the check.  Asked for salsa with the eggs and also didn't get that. The food was ok but when you pay for a meal out, people tend to want the things that they expected. I agree with others that the tables are too small (chairs too). LOUD most of the time unless you sit outside.
5	Amazing breakfast!!! The blueberry cheesecake cookie was delicious treat. Owner is so friendly and staff is accommodating! Definitely coming back to try more of their menu!
3	The space is nicely decked out and the outside has been built up with grass, games and an outdoor fireplace.  The menu isn't overwhelming and we decided on coffee, the ultimate breakfast sandwich and apple filled croissant.  Let me just rave about this fluffy, sweet, decadent apple filled croissant for a bit.  Each bite I savored and wished for more in my mouth but not around my waist.The ultimate breakfast sandwich, which was also good, didn't live up to the name.  If you want to call yourself ultimate, you best have some meat on there.  I have never seen an ultimate fighter without a lot of meat on him, I'm talking some bacon, ham, sausage or all three.  We'll be eating the panini next time, it's exactly the same except it has meat and no avocado or tomato.  I'm cool with that.Coffee was good, they had iced coffee on tap and my husband had three cups.
4	Been wanting to try this new place and finally got my chance tonight.  We've driven by numerous times since they opened last spring but the crowds always kept us away.  Monday night was quiet and easy to get in.  Unfortunately we just missed Happy Hour (3-6pm) but looks like they have a nice offering with a reduction of price on many tempting appetizers & drinks.  I saw some mighty tasty looking appetizers passing by and I look forward to trying the bruschetta board on a future visit.We both had sandwiches - I tried the Capri with mozzarella, prosciutto, pesto & roasted peppers on thick sliced honey wheat bread.  There was an insane amount of prosciutto and half a sandwich was more than enough for me.  He had the turkey & cheddar Panini and French fries, neatly consumed and thoroughly enjoyed.  I liked the atmosphere of this place, kind of hipster but relaxed & comfortable.  In cooler weather it would be nice to dine on their ample patio.  I appreciated the bottle of chilled water promptly delivered when we sat down.  We did not find noise to be a problem here and the server was excellent, all the way from the friendly hostess to our very efficient waiter.    I noticed quite a few takeout orders being placed and/or picked up.  On Tuesdays they offer $5.99 dinner-plate sized pizza w/ purchase of a beverage.  Yup, I'm already looking at my calendar and planning my return visit.
4	This is a groovy place.  The food, the service and the atmosphere is really welcoming and nice.  It's a very open environment with great bar and outdoor seating.  The parking lot is large; we've never had trouble finding a place to park.  I had their chopped salad and it was excellent.  This is definitely a "Keeper Place."  Check it out!
3	Very much like the decor of the restaurant and the energy that it provides with the patrons. The decor is very impressive and had the feel of the place to be. Also liked the outside seating on the artificial turf.The staff is very accomodating and helpful. Nice new shopping plaza with parking and safe area at all times of the day. It is located on Tatum just North of Greenway on the West side of the street. The atmosphere inside is very loud so if you do sign language you will have a great conversation with your table.We shared the pepperoni pizza and shroom burger. Both were good but did not stand out from any other place. With living within a mile of the restaurant will probably come back maybe for breakfast but from the first visit could have easily made this place a more frequent stop.
3	The decor and feel of the restaurant is outstanding.But the food...it's just not very good.  We got the chicken panini and the bread was very sort of rubbery and the chicken extremely dry.We did get a kale salad and it was actually pretty decent.  The strawberry salad wasn't all that great though.The service was very hit and miss, it took me a really long time to get the beer I ordered and it wasn't even busy, I had to hover over the bartender as she never acknowledged that I was standing there. If I go again, it'd be for appetizers and drinks and that's probably about it.
4	let a tip. check it out. this is my first time using Yelp and thought I was writing a review.
3	Food was very good, great atmosphere and clean! However their online menu is misleading! They have wine priced for about $3-4 a glass and then in the place they are charging near $6! I asked a waitress why the difference and it's their flagstaff menu not their Phoenix menu! I was upset I was being charged more than it stated and she didn't even offer the wine at the website price! I hope they have fixed this misprint by now!
4	Really enjoyed the hummus and my husband loved his beef panini called The Roast. Nice atmosphere but uncomfortable chairs.
5	Solid, solid food! Great prices! The Mac and cheese bites ROCKED!!!!!! Great experience all around!
2	Nice decor, though the unisex washrooms were odd and the chairs uncomfortable.Food was very disappointing, as was the service. Friendly at the counter, but slow even though it was 1/3 full at lunch.Salad lettuce was soaking wet, panini was dry (chicken and steak both badly overdone), and the burger was ok, but that's not much of a culinary achievement. Would not recommend, and others I've talked had similar tales.
3	Meh. Lots of hype from co-workers, so we were anxious to try this new neighborhood eatery. Very cute inside - market-like -  with a inside/outside bar. Good sized outdoor eating area, covered with artificial turf. They even have a beanbag toss games to keep the kiddies occupied (or many grown-ups) while waiting for their food. We went the burger route - bacon cheddar and the turkey burger.  Both were huge. The turkey burger was moist and flavorful.  I ordered the half and half fries - won't do that again. The sweet potato fries are forgettable. The burgers were good, but  not outstanding . But we went to MG for burgers, not a gourmet meal. Will we go back? Maybe, but it's not at the top of our list.
2	Oh Modern Grove, you were so pretty - yes, you turned my head and I was draw into your inner sanctum - once again, so lovely - a delightful place to hang out and have a beer - like a little section of hipster Santa Monica brought into the desert - as a bar, I would give you 4 stars, but as a restaurant, I'm sorry to say, all style and not much substance.More specifically, I ordered the white sauce pizza with the cured ham and the arugula - it sounded good but as I sat down with my glass of green iced tea (I do like the iced tea selection, and they have iced coffee) I read the reviews and fear entered my little foodie heart - things like bland crust and I was thinking - but surely, a place as nice as this realizes what a pizza town this is and would have a light crispy crust...but no, oh my fellow yelpers, if only I had checked with you before ordered...the crust, yes the crust, was doughy and bland. I wouldn't say it was horrible but it seems like it could easily be so much better  - and when I did get the pizza, it just seemed odd that the pizza was cut, and then the proscuitto was layered across it - not the easiest to eat as the meats do not align with the slices - may I suggest putting the ham on and baking it with the pizza and then adding on the arugla and drizzling with olive oil and a little fresh cracked pepper and some shaved parm? I've had this sort of pizza in a number of places and I just think it could be brought up a bit in presentation to do justice to the ingredients.Beautiful place - would love to hang out here with friends over drinks - just need the quality of the food to be as good as the design of the restaurant.
4	Quality food at reasonable prices with a pleasurable indoor and outdoor dining area makes Modern Grove a wonderful neighborhood spot.  If you ever lived in a New York/Chicago city neighborhood, Modern Grove is a lot like the little place around the corner that your family would walk to, buy a meal, and maybe a snack or drink for later.For lunch, the restaurant acts as a semi-service cafeteria-like restaurant.  Order your food at the counter, get a number, and somebody will bring it to you.  There is also a market near the counter, where you can get a lot of bottles of wines, beers, and unique sodas.There were two only two things about Modern Grove that really bugged me.1.  The menu board at the counter is incomplete.If you look around the restaurant there are other sandwiches and foods you can order.  Being a first-timer, I completely missed it.  If anything on those boards were something that would have interested me more than the panini I ordered, I guess I would've been SOL.2.  No one bussed our plates.I know Modern Grove isn't full service for lunch, but I didn't see any spot for us to get rid of our dirty plates.  We weren't in a rush to leave and they sat on our table the entire time.  Not one employee stopped by to ask if they could clear the table.
5	I am giving them 5 stars in advance to show what I believe they can achieve. Why? Because I want this place to succeed! Counter service was fast & friendly today. Chocolate croissant was delicious. I've been here 3 times at different times of day. Night service was noticeably slower than breakfast or lunch. After a chat with server, I found out it's because she didn't want to intrude on our conversation. So at least intentions were good. Kitchen likely needs more experience to cook faster. It's all made to order too. And, more importantly, it's a local business that deserves encouragement. Plus, it serves Pepsi in glass bottle or fountain :)
5	Great atmosphere, nice staff. A bit pricey for what you get but it's all organic and healthy. My wife and I love this place.
3	Found a shard of sharp rigid plastic in my toast on the first bite- fortunately, it was in mine and not my wife's or my 84 year old Aunt who was with us..  Told mgmt.- shoulder length female mgr, she said "that's not right, let me tell the owners..." That was it.. I never saw her again.. except cleaning a table and smiling/chatting with coworkers- and she smiled and looked right at me when I left and thanked me for coming-slow morning.. 12 people in store total..everyone doing cleaning and stocking items..I'm pretty easy going..things happen..no harm came to me, and I still frequent the place- I finished my meal including the same piece of toast, with another small plastic "crunchie"... And not that I was searching for or expecting a freebie.. BUT.. seriously?  Not even a "sorry about that, let us get your breakfast" or how about the beverages? Maybe a "your next meal is on us"... The Modern Grove seriously needs to train management...everything else was great!  Added picture of shard to Modern Grove's pix-this review would not be here had I felt more cared for, and had this issue been given the attention it truly deserved- what if this was a child's piece of toast? What else goes into the food that they miss??!?
5	My first time here and I was blown away. My date and I ordered a Bianca Pizza and a Strawberry Salad. Both were outstanding. Our waiter, Matt, was attentive and super friendly. Even the manager came by to talk to us about our visit. Likewise, all of the staff had excellent customer service. The food on the menu was reasonable and the design of the restaurant was really fun and inviting. After today's visit, I will definitely be back! This is such a neat place!I am sad to read other reviews where people did not enjoy this place as much as I had. I can't imagine having a bad visit here because my recent visit was that fantastic.
4	My mom and I went there with my 2 year old daughter and had an awesome experience.  Our waiter, Zack was outstanding and we enjoyed the kale salad and margarita pizza.  My daughter gobbled up every bite of her creamy mac and cheese, too!  This place is cozy and definitely makes you feel like you are in a local neighborhood restaurant.  We will be back to try the bruschetta.
3	For a quick bite to eat at a great price try this place. The sandwiches are good and garlic fries that go with are super. But the salads are small and not very innovative. I had a chicken Cesar salad but it was not that good. I think I'll try the kale salad next time or one of the yummy looking Panini sandwiches I saw on the table next to me. Fun atmosphere!
2	MANAGEMENT: you will go out of business if you don't change it up. Service is horrible. Food is good. First off, like most of the reviews on here I found to have the same experience. I want this place to do well because it is so close to my house. The first time I went there I sat at the bar. I received amazing service & the food was great. It was late & they were not busy. No complaints. The 2nd time I go, a totally different experience. I WAITED 45 MIN till a waiter came up to us. The only reason they finally served us is because we went inside & told them. After I finally get service & order my drink the waiter comes back about 10 min later saying that they didn't have what I wanted. I was not the only table on the patio, I saw 4 other tables trying to track down their server as well. When we finally got our food the manager brought it out, drug his feet (literally) to the table. Not professional & trashy how he presented himself. I had to ASK for a discount because it took OVER AN HOUR to eat; and even then they were reluctant to give it to me. I want this place to do well but there are too many places with great service that deserve my money.
2	I really wanted to like this place. It's a great location and very convenient for me. The interior looks fresh and inviting and has a good vibe. The staff were friendly and quick, the menu looked simple but appetizing. Great, may have found my new local...Then the food arrived. And this is where the stars just keep on dropping. I think our food was cooked by a college kid in a dorm room. We ordered the Cubano Panini and Napa pizza (gluten free crust). The panini was bland and uninspiring, all I could taste was mustard. I went to see Chef a few weeks ago, came home and made Cubanos for the FIRST time and they were 10 times better than these. The pizza was just terrible, I think I just got a kid's pizza lunchable. No real flavour or anything special to it at all, so disappointing. Honestly, this food would be about right if it were in the under $5 category, but nothing more.I really wanted this food to be good, what a shame.Why is it that places like Market Bistro (who made amazing Cuban Pork sandwiches and pizzas) cannot stay open but places like this arise? I don't see a long future with the current food standards.
2	Modern Grove has the look of a Bud Light commercial. You know the one. Its outside in a cool looking backyard. Everyone is looking good even the dog that one person brought is cool. Then you have the 2 guys who bring more Bud Light at the exact time the music stops cause someone drank the last one and everyone thinks the party is over. Or the one where you walk inside the place and everyone knows who you are and you see the most gorgeous girl in the place and she sees you. So you nod to the bartender and he gives you the Bud Light to give to her. But instead you just look at her and slide it down the bar 50ft. And everyone just happens to move their drinks and purses out of the way at the exact time the beer travels down the bar. Not knowing a beer is traveling down the bar. And when the beer gets to her all that she sees is a phone number attach to the bottle cause you know she's going to call. And she does later on that night. Yeah. Modern Grove has THE LOOK of that! Exciting right? But man after eating at this place I was left with only one word and feeling...meh.If you couldn't tell by my little story. The place looks great. It has the feeling like it should be the place to be anytime of day. It just doesn't have anything that makes it pop. Our server was nice. Everyone was nice. They were just meh.  We got the Mac N Cheese balls. Of course they sold it like it was so good. I bit into one and it was meh.  No flavor at all.  I got a shroom burger and sweet potato fries.  Again the burger and fries were meh. Just as bland as bland could be. If I could give a color rating instead of a star rating it would be beige. Cause when I first went in there I was full of energy wanting to do all kinds of things today. When I left I was like "what do you want to do?" "Nuttin." It just brought me down to not want to do anything the rest of the day. The bathroom had some weird chair in the corner like you're suppose to sit there and give advice to anyone who comes in to use the toilet. Or cheer them on if they have a hard time doing a #2. The drinking glasses that were given to us were dirty. So they gave us another set and those were dirty too and had lipstick on one of the glasses. If I ever go here again it would probably be for the bar at night. The place looks great, but the inside is dull and doesn't have much quality to offer. Its like the Kim Kardashian of restaurants.
2	I wasn't impressed with the food or service.  Whats worse, I'm thinking they over charged us for our so called "starter" that came out about half way through our meal.  The food wasn't bad, but for 10.00 I'm thinking my burger should not have been as anorexic as it was.  The bread pudding I had for dessert was nothing to write home about as it just didn't taste like bread pudding should.
5	So nice to have a place like this in the neighborhood, going here feels like you are somewhere else, not in Phoenix!The breakfast burrito is great and filling and the counter service in the AM is a good call. I've been here a handful of times this summer, and can't wait for the weather to cool to enjoy the patio.
4	Cubano Panini sandwich & Red, White & Blue salad are delish! Bakery items yummy & buttery. Kinda weird set up in the shared restroom (be sure you adjust, button & zip BEFORE you leave the stall unless you want an audience!). Great atmosphere too. Will try the yoga on the lawn class when it gets cooler.
4	The exterior and interior of this place is beautifully modern. Definitely attractive and a place you want to hang out at. The servers are all very nice. Lunch time you come up to the counter to order food. Dinner they serve you. I would actually just be cool with the way they serve at lunch but I don't mind.     Good size menu with American food variety. I've been to this place about 6 times. The pizza is very good. The pastries and cookies are also amazing. The cookies are made in house from their own recipe. Hands down some of the best cookies I have ever had. Prices are affordable. I have tried a few appetizers and haven't been too impressed but most things I've tried on the lunch and dinner menu are pretty good.    As I understand it this place is very new. Probably still working out some of the kinks. It's definitely a place I would frequent if I lived a little closer. But when I'm in the area I like to go.
4	Great to see a restaurant like this pop up in this neighborhood after 20 years of living right near this corner! Service is great, and food is reasonably priced and very tasty. My only request is that I would like to see more breakfast options. Great, chic atmosphere w/ outside seating, which is great for those sub-110 degree Phoenix days!
4	I have passed by this place various times and thought I would give it a try for lunch.  Inside very welcoming, ceiling to wall windows, plenty of seating.  What stuck out was the smiles.  Smiles at the counter, smiles at the open kitchen.  I ordered a Italian Cobb salad(added chicken) and an ice tea.  Salad was big and very good.  perfect lunch on the go.  I will definitely return as I work in the area.
4	Service was good bruschetta was amazing had a great recommendation for mamas lil pilsner from male manger who was very attentive to customers and staff.
1	I still have the terrible taste in my mouth. Not to be unfair, the server was pleasant. Beautiful exterior and interior design- thought we would give it a shot. Once we got seated, it took about 10 minutes to get greeted by someone who wasn't our server. We were first greeted by a cricket hopping around our feet. Then our server came, we placed our orders for a kilt lifter, glass of wine, bruschetta and pretzels and beer (pretzels, cheese, mustard). It took about 20 minutes to receive the drinks and about 40 minutes for the appetizers. Pretzels were ok, the cheese dipping sauce was grainy and cold (ew!) and the bruschetta was, presentation included, all around disgusting. We ordered "the miracle" pizza (hey, we had our hopes high for this place!) balsamic took over the whole thing. The only miracle was when we finally got out of there and arrived at samurai sams across the street. Create yourselves a miracle today by choosing another restaurant!
4	First time in, ordered bacon cheese burger. Very good, fresh meat -real bacon- real lettuce (no iceberg) and it showed up without tomato as requested. Nice beer and wine selection, outdoor seating at bar area. Waitress is extremely nice. I will be back, if you live in the area you should try it!
5	What a great place!   Food is delicious and the place is beautiful.  I plan on coming back often.
4	Good foodGreat environmentGreat service
2	Basics: trying too hard to be hip, overpriced, bad food. Not only does it taste bland, the burger was over done and there was a hair in my chicken sandwich. Staff is apathetic and quick to hand you off to someone else if you have a complaint. The manager was nice enough, and substituted the food, which is why I gave 2 stars. Definitely do not recommend.
4	Good Service at the bar..
4	The macaroni balls are bland.  My chopped salad was closer to Minced. The service is good and the atmosphere is nice.  Neat place, just needs more flavor in the food.
5	Great burger, great pizza, great service. Had an issue initially but they made up. We will definitely be back soon!
2	I took a friend here telling her how fantastic the food is, but today we were disappointed. She ordered a tuna sandwich on white bread which definitely was stale and fell apart. I was dying to try one of their hamburgers and ordered a mushroom burger and it was overcooked.  The only thing that was good was the macaroni cheese balls. With a bill of over $40, it did not make for a good first impression for my friend. Probably would have been better off with the bruschetta or pizza.  May try again, but if this continues,   this location will close too.
5	Excellent breakfast.  Fresh & creative and priced right.  Will be back soon.
4	Very cool place we finally got to try. Busy, fashionable restaurant with a lively atmosphere. Our server was very personable and knowledgeable about menu questions we had. It took a bit to get our order delivered but the food was very good and made us not mind the wait so much. The kids were able to remain occupied playing with other kids at the beanbag toss that is offered. We will be back!
2	I've wanted to try this place for a while so went over for lunch. The menu they hand out has items that are not on the board and the "lines" were disorganized for ordering. I ordered one of the pizzas that support a charity. The food took way too long to receive and although I really like arugula, I also paid for prosciutto and it was sorely lacking. Not sure I would try again. They've had enough time to figure things out. Cool vibe but parking is also,a challenge.
3	We live so close so we've gone back a few different times hoping that something we try on the menu will be great and we will have a local spot, but meh....still nothing stands out. It is such a disappointment because the food should be easy to make great. Everything falls short including the service (recently went for just some drinks on the patio and had to flag the waitress down every time we needed refills). It makes me sad because I think everyone is rooting for this spot.
3	The chips and dip are AWFUL.  Don't bother... also agree they don't do well when they are busy.
1	If I could give this restaurant zero stars, I would.  We have been there a few times but the last two have been a terrible experience. The only reason we went back this last time was because we assumed they were busy and couldn't handle it the time before.  Fine - give them a break.   Nope!  They weren't busy at all and it still took an hour to get ONE pizza and an appetizer of bruschetta.  Our waitress outright ignored our table and when we asked about our order, she said they had one oven and the pizza and bruschetta couldn't be cooked at the same time.  WHAT?  You can seat 50 people and have onovas.  B/S. And instead of owning up to the bad service and comping something, we were again irngored and thrown the bill.  The pizza came out cold and the bruschetta never made it out.  We had to ask for it to go. We will not be going here again.
1	I have been fund raising for a 501c charity. When i spoke with the manager she told me she was meeting on Wednesday w the person who could approve a $20 gift card. She had me go home and get 501c paperwork which I did that same day. I left my number as she said she'd call but never did. I went up today and she said it would be weeks for approval. What a waste of time. This charity helps kids in Phoenix....a simple NO would've saved me lots of time. THANKS TO STREETS OF NEW YORK AND CRUST AND ZINC BISTRO...ALL NEARBY RESTAURANTS WITH GREAT FOOD.
1	Stopped in today after church for lunch. Liked the patio feel of the place. Food was decent Service very spotty and took forever for the food to come. One of us ordered the roast sandwich. When it was over 30 minutes for the order, we asked why the wait, response, had to cook the roast!!  Meanwhile, the second part of the order had been sitting and came out cold.  We asked for a fresh order of fries and were told they could warm them up...we probably won't be back..
2	Ugh. The service needs some work. The kitchen sent the meals out for our party of 11 with 5-10 minute gaps between each of us. We all ended up eating separately. Either that, or let each plate get cold. Not a very fun evening. No apologies from anyone. The restaurant lost out on our dessert revenue. Went up the street to spend that for fear that we would be stuck there for another hour. The food is good but it's not really worth the frustration. We'll be back but if this kind of service happens again, I will sadly write this place off.
5	hail to the kale salad is amazing! Great service, food and atomosphere
1	I dont like to leave bad reviews until Ive been to a restaurant more than once... So this is trip number 4 and I will not be back. Every time I have been there the service is slow, slow, slow, they run out of menu items etc, but today was inexcusable.  I ordered the bruschetta plate, and my friend ordered a sandwich at 12:15.  At 12:30 her sandwich came out.  I assumed mine would be out shortly.  I went to the cashier at 12:45 and asked about it.  She said it was just coming out. I watched as 2 other tables got their food (who ordered after me).  Meanwhile my friend finished her sandwich and we are ready to leave, so at 1:00 I go and ask for my money back which they did with no problem, and hardly an apology or any explanation. At 1:15 as we were getting ready to leave they bring out my bruschetta plate. I was completely puzzled and told them I didnt want it and that is why I asked for my money back and was on my way out.  They seemed surprised, gave a half assed apology, and gave it to another table.  The food isnt bad, but its definitely not good enough to wait an hour for an appetizer!  There are plenty of restaurants with good food and consistent good service. I will not waste my time or money here anymore.  On a side note - Sunday brunch should not end at 11:00.  Breakfast can end at 11,  but brunch?
1	We went there at 1:30 pm on a Sunday afternoon and the service was AWFUL!!  We ordered the Italian salad and a pizza. It took them 50 minutes to get our food out to us!   There were people who ordered after us who were getting their lunch.  The place was not busy.  I finally asked if they had lost our ticket, the server was very rude and just said we had a sudden rush.  What?  There were 4 tables outside with people and at the most 5 inside!  I ordered my dressing on the side and of course it came saturated with it along with wilted lettuce!  The pizza was just ok, nothing spectacular.  If you want a GREAT salad and pizza, drive 5 minutes south to Oregano's.  I was very disappointed because the atmosphere was so modern and great!  So, in a nut shell!  The atmosphere is GREAT, the service is lousy and the food is not even "ok". My guess is with all of the places that have great service and excellent food that this place will not be around much longer.  Not even in the same realm as Postino's or LG Orange.
2	Wanted to try something new for lunch, cool concept but food just doesn't cut it!  First of all, not organic, sandwiches very dry.  If you want a sandwich just go next door to Firehouse!  If you want a great burger go to Smashburger and if you want great pizza- Grimaldis.  Don't waste your money here. Staff is not trained on food or menu, please train the staff!  And pictures would be helpful for a new restaurant that no one has heard of...  2 stars for atmosphere and cleanliness
3	These folks are trying and you can tell from the reviews that the service ( at dinner) is close to abysmal. 'We are only there during the daytime when you order at the counter.MG is a work in process and hopefully they will not alienate the customer base to the point that they become a crash and burn casualty.Their Managers seem very open to feedback and our biggest concern are the flies. These are flies sitting on their baked goods all morning (at the counter) and surely linger on food back in the kitchen.MG needs to figure out how to manage their open air set up while addressing the flies which should be less as the weather cools.Again, these folks mean well, yet a restaurant cannot have 90% of its reviews be sooo negative either.
3	This place is a Panera-wannabe. Nothing was great, nothing terrible. That's all I can say. I wouldn't be in any rush to return.
3	This place offers a nice spot to sit and relax in the sun. For a walk-up, it took forever for food to come out. The staff did not seem to know where they needed to be or what they needed to do. If I didn't take care of things for my wife and I no one else was going to. Food was tasty but a bit bland. The vegetables in the panini were grilled nicely and the steak panini definitely was full of steak. I am willing to give it another shot. Probably try for happy hour next time.
3	Fun little place. Good food and drinks. Sat at the outside bar and the bartender was very nice and prompt. Only negative was the manager than came over and turn on a fan right over our heads and said "you are going to hate me". Supposedly it was to keep out flies but there was not a insect to be found the whole time we were there. Needless to say we left immediately after. My husband and I planned to have a lazy Saturday munching and drinking but was cut short. I feel bad for the bartender the could have a much bigger tab if we were able to stay comfortable.
1	I have been here several times.  In the beginning their prices were reasonable but service definitely nothing to brag about.  The servers in general act as if they are above you and are doing you a favor by serving you.  My review pertains to the last two times I dined there. Our server, Nichole was borderline rude and unattentive.  The kale salad doubled in price!  The last time I was there was just chaos!  Took forever to get my glass of wine.  The waiter actually said "I bet you thought you were never going to get this"  Really!  My salad came way after my sons meal came and it was missing the cheese.  There are only 4 ingredients on the salad so, it needs the cheese. It took forever to flag someone down to get some cheese.  Needless to say,  I don't plan on ever going back.
3	It was good food (superb bacon) but the atmosphere is a bit more hipster than I typically enjoy.  It seemed a little on the pricey side but it may be worth it depending on what you get.
4	I have not had a chance to personally try this place....YET. But the Director of Operations is going to take this place far. He's a great leader. :) cheers !
5	Love this place.  Local business, neighborhood restaurant.Absolutely the most relaxing place to enjoy some great food and time with friends.  A "grassy" lawn with outdoor seating, a quaint little store front and indoor seating.Been there several times and every time it just gets better and better.With the kids in tow, or leaving them at home, every visit is better than the last.  Food, service, atmosphere- it's all excellent.
2	#1: The pizzas are tiny, like the size of a pizza you order at the movie theatre.  $10+#2:  The meat on the Cubano panini was completely dried out, and all I could taste were the mustard and pickles.  $10#3:  The chocolate lava cake is good, but $8 for a home-made cupcake size dessert?  Overall:  Meh.
1	Service was ok but food was not good. Ordered the chicken panini sandwich and it had zero flavor and chicken was dry. Had the potato salad as a side and it tasted off. Also had the hot chocolate and it tasted like it was from a packet. Sad because this place it very cute and in a great location but is way overpriced and the food is lousy.
2	Modern Grove looks better than it tastes. Pretty blan. Had the mushroom and swiss burger for $10 and it was meat, Mushrooms cheese, no onions And the seating / table process is confusing. They have a hostess stand that says please wait to be seated but yet as you wait everyone else comes in cafeteria style and sits down.  Would have been nice for the 5 employees who passed me standing aimlessly at their hostess stand to ask me if I needed anything.  Oh well, I'm in no hurry back.
4	Food arrived late and barely warm enough to enjoy yet the plates were being cleared from under you almost in mid bite... staff was pleasant, waitress was attentive however lacking in personality...
4	Friendly place very friendly and fast service Choice burger and great accompaniments separate Burger! Cupcakes for dessert: huge and very good!
