5	Who wants to wait in a taxi line in weather that is 100 and hell degrees?  Not me! Thank goodness we came across Executive Star Limousine. THEY ROCK!!!!  Lee you are the man.  Thanks for taking 7 drunk broads all over Vegas in extreme comfort! Thanks for putting up with our drunken slutty stories.  Thanks for having your peeps take care of my peeps.  And when we come back to Las Vegas you WILL BE GETTING A CALL!Oh and if you are ever in the Bay Area, look us up.  We would be more than happy to return the favor!
3	Besides offering limo service, they also take passengers from McCarran to anywhere along The Strip (including downtown) on shuttle buses. However, unless you are arriving with a crowd going to the same hotel, beforewarned, you will wait while as they try to fill up the shuttle with passengers. I'm all for "the more the merrier" but I was told to get onto one shuttle headed for The Strip then told right before it was to depart that I was on the wrong shuttle. What the hell?!!? I arrived around lunchtime and it was already 110 degrees outside. Having to grab my bags and move to another shuttle, luckily they had the air conditioning on as we waited another 15 minutes for the shuttle to fill up. Driver was real nice and I believe was from Hawaii. Ride to The Strip will set each passenger back $6 OW or $12 RT. Great value if you aren't taking the taxis with a large group. One of the better deals from my research (walking from booth to booth comparing prices -- range from $6.50 to $6 OW).
3	Executive Star also offers shuttle transportation and this is what we used. We heard that taking the shuttles were way cheaper than taking a taxi from the airport to your Vegas hotel. Okay, we'll try it. It's $6 one way, per person. They give you an option to buy a round trip but we didn't (more on that later). There was a sign inside the shuttle that said the price doesn't include tip for the driver so for two people, the total came to be $14. First you line up to buy your shuttle tokens, then you line up again and a designated worker tries to figure out which shuttle you get on depending on where your hotel is. This took about 10 minutes. After we got on the shuttle, the driver wasted a little more time by passing out an advertisement magazine to all the riders. Then we were on our way. Good thing our destination was one of the firsts. The whole process had taken about a half an hour. We had a brunch resveration at 11am so we kept looking at our watches. We cut it close! If we were one of the later hotels, we definitely would have been late. If you have three people, just split a taxi. It'll actually be around the same price inluding tip but you'll get there faster. If you're with 4+ DEFINITELY take a taxi instead. You'll save money. We didn't take the shuttle back to the airport because we read about some bad experiences with shuttles in general on how they HAVE to pick you up way earlier than needed so they could maximize their time getting other customers. We took a taxi back to the airport and it was just a few dollars more but got there exactly at the time we wanted.
2	This one of the shuttle companies that can get you from the airport to any major casino/hotels on the Vegas strip. So it's my first time flying to Vegas and the first time I didn't have a car at my disposal. We call our hotel, The Trump Tower, to see if they have a shuttle available from the airport. They informed Julianne L. and I that there are shuttle companies available at the airport.After trying to find our way out of the airport without having to secumb to the temptations of the slots in the airport, we walk out into the blazing Vegas heat. We find the booth for tickets and it's $6 per person per way. They ask if we wanted to buy roundtrip tickets. By the way, there's no discount for roundtrips. She also informed us that we can call to have a shuttle pick us up from our hotel 24 hours prior. We then make our way to the shuttles after collecting our shuttle chip.There's about 3 shuttles for different hotels and they have to wait until it's filled before taking off. The shuttle for our hotel just filled up before we got there so we waited about 10 minutes for another one while the other shuttles came and went. By this time we just wanted to sit in AC. The shuttle finally came and there was barely any AC pumping because the door was open. We then waiting about 15 minutes before the driver got in and started to drive. I was very frustrated by this time. I then noticed the sign stating that the drivers make most of their money from tips. I was not in a very giving mood.Next time I think I'll just spend more money on a limo.
1	This company is a total scam. They charged my credit card a $350 unauthorized fee 2 days after I used their service and claimed someone had thrown up in the vehicle- which is totally untrue. The people that work in accounting are rude and will charge your card whatever they feel like with no authorization. DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER over the phone. They will charge you fees you did not agree on. This company is a joke.
2	Sorry to say that I'm very disappointed.Walked out of the airport to the shuttle pick up island and took the first one that approached us which was Executive. It was $6.50 one way with option to buy round trip. I was flying back solo so I decided to buy the round trip. Got on board and noticed the sign "Tips are appreciated as it is part of our wages" I have no problems giving tips at all but for some reason when I see signs like that and it seems to be expected it irks me.So out of five stops we were the last, and that's fine it is after all a shuttle not a taxi. My only complaint was the actual ride, I felt like I was on a roller coaster and more then once felt like we were going to crash in to something. Got to my hotel and forgot about the whole thing.Night before I was leaving I called the number on the token they gave me, which by the way is your ticket/receipt. My flight was leaving at 8:45 so they scheduled my pick-up at 6:30, what a nightmare specially after a late night.  I got up and got down stairs on time. They told me that if the shuttle didn't show up after 15 minutes to call. I called at 6:45 and they told me the shuttle would be there shortly. 7:00 I call again, "Oh the driver says he's 3-5 minutes away" BS. It was 7:15 and after 45 minutes of waiting I was fed up. I had seen four shuttles of the same company (not Executive) drive by to pick up other people on time. Finally I asked the last shuttle I saw if I could catch a ride with them. I lost the $6.50 that I paid for the Executive round trip but at this point I didn't care. The shuttle that took me to the airport was 50 cents cheaper, not tip sign, and a smooth/professional ride. So of course I gave the driver a good tip, it was well deserved.Don't by a round-trip fare!
1	I had the worst experience using this shuttle service. Last time i was in Vegas I used one of the other companies and I was very please. When i arrived at McCarran I just wanted to get to my hotel and I didn't realize it was a different company.Form the get-go the driver was disorganized and flighty, his driving was horrible, so much so that when he made his 1st drop-off at Pallazzo he ran over one of their sign resulting on a flat tire. He called for someone to come pick up the rest of his passengers and got in an argument with dispatch in front of all of us.Then he proceeded to tell me that since i was only going next door to The Wynn I could walk over (which i was already planning on doing, but the way he told me it irked me)I made the mistake of buying a round trip, ao the night before I was supposed to go home, I called to ask for a pick-up. The lady on the phone seem not to pay attention to me, so much so that after I was done giving her my information (after i had to repeat myself) she went through the whole thing again. Yes, she asked me my name, time of flight, phone number, everything, a second time.I was never 100% sure there was a pick-up scheduled for me. So the next day (I was there for a conference) when I realized there was another workshop I was interested in, I called to push back my pick-up time. There was indeed, no pick-up scheduled for me. So i set it up at that time. Five hours later, when i was done with mty business, I go up front and after waiting for 15 minutes and no Executive shuttle had appeared, I gave them a call... Yeah, you guessed it, NO PICK-UP SCHEDULED STILL!!!Worst service EVER!!!!!!!!
4	I've used this shuttle many times and have always made it to and from the airport timely.The shuttle service is $6 one way.  I recommend purchasing a round trip service for $12 so that you can call in your pick up without having to worry about how to get back to the airport. They will give you a receipt or a poker chip with the number to call to arrange a pickup. Make sure to call at least 24 hours in advance. You can tell them your flight time and they will figure out when you need to be picked up. Its usually 2-3 hours ahead of your flight time.The downside to having shuttle service is that you need to sit and wait in the shuttle until it is completely full before you can leave the airport.I highly recommend staying at the Venetian or the Palazzo.  This hotel was the first to be dropped off from the airport and the last to be picked up to go directly to the airport.So glad they have this shuttle. Saves $ so you can have more to gamble with!
1	Right when my friends and i got off the plane, we needed to take the shuttle to the Venetian.  So we stood in line like many other people who walked out of the airport.  As we stood in line, we noticed that different booths had different prices for the shuttle O_O. shouldn't they all be the same?! one said $7, the other said $6.50 and next one said $6. WEIRD! As we were standing in the shortest line at the $6 booth, a guy in a suit tries to pitch us on getting a limo to our hotel.  Of course we weren't interested, but he still insisted -___- he asked us how many of us were there to ride the shuttle. we said 5. he said he can get us into the limo for $10 each with no wait. NO THANK YOU! we kept denying the offer but he wouldn't leave us alone -___- and offered us a hummer. OMG! we just ignored him and bought our shuttle ticket.after we bought our ticket, the same guy in the suit had the nerves to come up to us and said we should have took his offer because now we have to wait. WEIRDO! we went over to the shuttle stand area and waited about 10 mins for the shuttle to come pick up us.  the driver was friendly and nice.  okay so we all know that we should never leave our bags and luggage unattended and should hold onto your own regardless.  this driver kept insisting that we leave our bags and luggage on the ground so he can put it in the truck and we should get onto the bus. O_O so my friends and i put our luggage down and waited for him to put it in the truck. he just stood there and told us to get into the bus. O_O uhh hellooo?!!? i'm waiting for you to put my luggage into the truck so i know its not stolen or in some other person's hands. SHEESH! we kept looking at him like WTH?!?!?! so i got fed up and just took my luggage with me on the bus. it was good and wasn't a hassle to just carry my own luggage than to leave it with some stranger to put in the trunk. O_O it took us 15 mins to get to the Venetian because he went to MGM then some other hotel and then the Venetian.
5	I love these guys. $6 each way to the Strip. $12 round trip. Depending on how many people you have, it's cheaper than a cab. Actually, taxis take no more than 4 people and cost about $22-$25 plus tip to the Strip. Its $24 on the shuttle one way for 4. They have always been on time and they run continously. Obviously, it takes a little longer to your destination due to the multiple stops, but, the ride is cheaper and just as smooth. They're also very accomodating when you're too drunk to call them the night before your pickup date. Executive is my shuttle of choice in Vegas.
5	I called several Las Vegas limo services, and Executive was by far the most professional, as well as most affordable. The driver called me the day of my event to confirm pickup times and locations, and was very sweet. He called again about 20 minutes before pickup, letting me know he was ready, and in the area. We called him when we got downstairs, and he arrived in 2 minutes flat-despite the big event going on in the neighboring hotel. The limo was neat as a pin, comfortable, and a lot of fun. I did not have a big plan for the night, so he was very helpful with suggestions. I could not have made a better choice in a Las Vegas limo company. If you need a limo service for a night out in LV, use Executive, and ask for Tony M as the driver. (He works nights) You will not be disappointed!
4	$6 from the airport to the Las Veag strip. How can you beat that? I only waited about 10 minutes, but the shuttle was already 1/2 full. If you are not in a hurry, this is a great option for a lot of value.The lady driver was excellent. She shared information about Vegas transportation and options and provided a little "tour" information about some hotels.Other than sharing cabs with friends, it was one of the most pleasant and low-cost airport-to-hotel trips I've taken.
1	Thsi was my letter written to the Director of Operations at Executive LimousineDear Mr. C***** I needed to write you this email advising you of the worst ride I have ever had from a driver in my life. I was traveling to Vegas for the first time with my mom, aunt and sister. I wanted to make it special from the beginning of our trip so I decided to get a limo instead of a shuttle. I approached your podium outside of Door 7 at Las Vegas airport on Sunday November 9th at about 10:15am. I was told he could put me in a limo for $60/hr and he could take us to a liquor store, drive down the strip to the Rio. I was so excited and agreed to get it. We were assigned to a driver named Cami (not sure of spelling) who was not very pleasant from the beginning. I was a bit concerned with is demeanor but was giving him a chance to cheer up. We got into the limo and he asked where we were going. I told him to the Rio but asked him toplease take us to a liquor store and to use the strip as a route to Rio. He was not happy but seemed to agree. I knew at this point I made a HUGE mistake by not using Presidential Limo which was my original plan. We proceeded to a liquor store where we purchased a bottle of champagne (that Presidential Limo would have provided), and as we started to open the bottle, he hits the brakes in the middle of the parking lot jumps out, not sure why, and comes back with plastic cups for us to use. This was so unprofessional on his part, but we carried on not letting him ruin the start of our stay. We got to the Rio in less than 25 minutes. I was furious and then I get out of the limo to pay him the $60 + $15 gratuity, for what I am not sure because I was thinking it should be $10.00 gratuity if that, for his unprofessionalism and rudeness. He then comes back from almost getting into the limo and tells me " I also paid $3.00 for your cups" and starts back into limo. I was so upset at this point and embarrassed that I told him he can share that with his company NOT MY PROBLEM!!! There were champagne glasses in the limo and we are still not sure why we could not use those. I will NEVER use your company again. I so REGRET I used Executive Limousine service. I will be posting our horrible experience on Yelp and whatever other websites I can find!!! My poor mom  is a very classy senior citizen was so upset for the next couple of hours and she is the reason why I got the limo. Your company should take some action on making sure the drivers are always willing to please customers. This was a horrible way for me to start our stay that had been planned for many months. I am still extremely upset that my money was a pure waste on this ride. I hope you can understand how I feel. Thank you for your time!!!Very unhappy customer
2	Should have taken a taxi.  The shuttle doesn't leave the airport until it's completely full.  We sat on the shuttle for half an hour.  Luckily, the first stop was our hotel--The Venetian.I bought a round trip ticket but waiting for the pick-up at the hotel to return to the airport was very stressful.  They were 45 minutes late and we almost missed our flight.  We called 4 times to ask where the shuttle was and the answer was always the same--"it's 5 minutes away".  Other people on the shuttle later told us that they were at the Palazzo sitting in the shuttle for 1/2 an hour before they finally left to pick us up at The Venetian. (they are neighboring casinos). Again, they waited until the shuttle was full with no regard to the agreed upon pick -up time for us.It's just not worth it.  The money you might have saved would have been better spent on a more reliable service.  You're in Las Vegas for god's sake--you're going to spend money anyway.Lesson learned.  If you are not in a hurry, then this might be a good option as it only cost $12.00 round trip per person.
5	When we arrived at baggage claim (which was about a thousand miles away from the gate btw) I looked out the nearest door and there were Executive Limos and shuttles EVERYWHERE.  Since I had heard about the shuttle from Yelp I guided my crew over to the shuttles.  A man appeared and sent me to back across the way to the 'booth'.  At the booth the man asked how many were in my party.  Turns out it it was $6 for the shuttle and could've taken an hour or $10 for the suv and we'd get right there.  We opted for the suv and were directed to Fabienne a wonderful little lady who slotted all our luggage in like a mad game of tetris.  She was super courteous and efficient.   She gave us her card and we called her the night before we left and she was there ten minutes early.  I really enjoyed working with this company and would highly recommend folks to use them in the future.
5	I arrived in Vegas by myself and I didn't want to waste money on a taxi.  I paid $6 and got a one-way token for the Executive shuttle. I was the first one on the bus and I was a little worried.  You know when you're on a shuttle and you wait a looooong time for enough other passengers to get on so the shuttle can finally leave? I didn't have that problem here.  Within 10 minutes, the shuttle was full and we were on our way.  Luckily for me, I was the first to get dropped off.  All in all, it was cheap and efficient.However, if you have 3 people, you're probably better off taking a taxi.  The cost is about the same and you can save some extra time.
1	this was the worst experience of an attempt to rip us off . so we were at the ceaser  palace on sat night waiting for a cab and the valet attendant offered the people in front of us a town car for 28.00 $ ... we ask him again how much would it be for a town car to the hard rock ... he repeated to us 28.00 $ . so we went for it ... got into the town car  spoke with the driver about our fare at 28 for the hard rock . he agreed .once we got to the hard rock he goes that ll be 50 bucks .... we argued with him and he said that he can drives back to the ceaser to get the quote from the attendant ... on the way there the doors were locked and the argument went on .... we told him that were not gonna pay the fifty no matter what and to let us out .... failed to do so i jumped out of the car and my friend followed . the driver decided to pursue us for  a few blocks  , tried to stop us ... yelling getting out of his car .... this went on for a good 30 minutes . finally we arrived by foot to another hotel to catch another cab so we can go on with our night . Nope this driver barge in the wrong way and has back up from another fleet . las vegas police department showed up . One hour later went by and this driver never got paid for that 50 $ cab ride ....PEOPLE DONT GET INTO THOSE TOWN CARS WITH A FANCY LETTER E ON THEM .... THE WORK WITH VALETS TO RIP OFF THE TOURISTS . THIS HAPPENED ON SAT APRIL17 TH AT AROUND 1145 OM FROM THE CAESER TO THE HARD ROCK .
1	So, my friend and I are waiting in line at the taxi stand at Circus Circus. Guy working at the casino asks if any one wants a car service. We asked how much, and he said 28 dollars. We get in the car, and the driver asks us how much the employee said for the trip. We then said 28, and he agreed. We get to the Hard Rock, and the driver asks for 48 bucks. We are taken aback of course, it has been a long time since someone has scammed me. We said no way, and he said that he could just drive us back to Circus Circus. We said go ahead, Jerk. He then told us on the way back we would have to pay anyway. He had us locked in. My friend had enough and climbed out the window, I took his phone and said let me out, he was kidnapping me. He then chased us down the street, getting out a few times to attack us verbally. He wanted to start a fight with us, and we said go ahead, take a swing. By now, we had made it to another casino. The staff there seperated us, and we dealt with the cops. A half an hour later, we were free to go. Never use this company. I'm sure that jerk driver is trying the same rip-off move on someone as I type.
4	If you're by yourself & need a ride from McCarran airport to your hotel in Vegas, take this shuttle. It's only $6 and you get a comfortable ride to the strip.Unlike most shuttle companies, Executive is not a van so it does not make frequent stops at the terminals before leaving the airport. The bus is parked right outside grand transportation and is easy to find. The shuttle leaves when it's filled to capacity so you may have to wait a few minutes before leaving. I boarded my shuttle right before they were about to leave so I only waited a minute or so.The staff is very friendly and informative. Even the vendor at the airport was cheerful, so a great way to be welcomed by Vegas. There is a "tour guide" that leaves with you, giving a few tips on where to go for cheap drinks on the strip, and offers some deals on shows and dinners. Not sure if their offers were legit but you get that option if you're a tourist.The first stop was at MGM which was perfect for me because I was staying at the Signature so I was the next to disembark. The length of the ride was very timely, under 10 minutes given that it's a bus and has to drive a bit slower than the average taxi cab.Will definitely use their shuttle services again since it beats paying $11+ dollars for a cab.
1	* I would prefer to leave ZERO stars but system defaults to 1 STAR as its lowest rating possible.This particular shuttle service was chosen based on the randomness of which door one chooses leaving baggage claim at the LV airport.Purchased token at booth, stating we were staying at The Four Queens in downtown. When directed to another person, we agains stated where we were staying. And, yet again when driver asked where we were going. Driver wrote it down and repeated it to dispatch when leaving airport.So it remains to be explained by anyone at Executive why the driver insisted when dropping us off in front of the sidewalk and car park entrance that read CALIFORNIA. He insisted it was the Four Queens and drove off.I phoned Executive who employees the most condecending and rudest staff I have ever encountered. I was placed on hold numerous times and was told the driver "must be new".  Ron Rasmusen returned my call in under an hour offering no other explanation other than the driver must be new. No offer of refund, no apology. I had to insist on restitution, as the purchase of the token implies a contract which Executive failed miserably at completing. I was offered a ride back to the airport at their cost only if I reserved 24 hours before my departure.I made the reservation within the time frame. However, I was treated again like I was bothering somone. Chaz at Executive has to be the biggest failure at customer service I have ever encountered. When I mentioned that our ride was comped by Ron, he insisted that it was not the case, as he had been with the company for 7 years and never heard of such a thing. He even went so far as to ask what I meant by comped.Needless to say, we did get to the airport, thanks to Bonnie, who is the only redeeming person at Executive.Please. Do yourself a favor: do not use this company for your ride. You are much better off walking, hitching a ride or choosing someone else other than Executive. They absolutely are rubbish.
2	I'll begin with the positives. Executive is cheap - only $6 to/from the strip. Their shuttle buses are clean and well air-conditioned. Our driver from the airport was very friendly, and got everyone to their respective hotels very quickly and safely. That's where the positives end. I wish our trip from our hotel back to the airport was as pleasant as the first. Alas, it was not. Our driver arrived on time (about the only positive), but once we were on our way, I thought we might not make it to the airport! He weaved in and out of traffic recklessly, jostling the 5 passengers in the bus worse than a wooden rollercoaster! He nearly clipped a stopped car as we entered the drive for another hotel so he could see if anyone was at the stop (they weren't - he sped away, over speed bumps and all!). When we finally arrived at the airport, he got our luggage out from the back. Two other passengers got their bags and were on their way. I was the first of our party of three to get my bag. I thanked the driver and began walking away. As the second person in our party got his bags, the driver began saying very rude things and even called us names!! I was appalled! The third and final member of our group retrieved his bags after this nonsense, and I can tell you the driver did NOT receive a tip as he so bluntly was looking for one. Try not to insult your customers before they're off the bus. So, certainly, go with Executive if you A.) have a hankering to be insulted by the man providing the service for which you have paid, or B.) have your wallet out and ready, waving dollar bills in the driver's face so that he will not treat you thus.
1	0 stars.  Whatever you do, avoid this shuttle service at all cost!!!This was the first and only shuttle that I found coming out of the United terminal, and it seemed reasonable at only $6 each way.  I decided to prepay for the return trip.  I have to say that the trip from the airport was uneventful.  I was able to get right on a waiting shuttle that was pretty much already full, so we left right away and arrived at the Vdara after only a couple of other stops.  The return trip, however, was another story...All of the shuttle services require that you call the day before departure to schedule a pickup time.  We had an 11:30 am departure, so when I called they scheduled our pickup for 9:00 am.  We got up a bit late having stayed up until 3:00 am and rushed through our breakfast so that we would not miss our pickup.  We waited.  At 9:10, still no shuttle.  I call them and am told that the driver had a couple more pickups and would likely arrive in 7 to 10 minutes.  9:20, still no shuttle.  During this time, mind you, we see several shuttles arrive / depart from other services.  9:30 still no shuttle.  Another person waiting right beside us asks if we are waiting for Executive Las Vegas.  Apparently he is too and has placed a couple of calls and was told the same thing...the shuttle should be arriving in 5 minutes.  I call again at 9:40, am placed on hold, and then get disconnected.  At 9:50, an Executive Las Vegas towncar arrives, apparently to pickup the person that was sitting next to us.  We tell the driver that we have been waiting for 50 minutes as well, and he says that he was only told to pickup one person.  We practically have to force our way into the towncar as well, otherwise who knows how long we would have ended up waiting.As several other reviewers have stated, do yourself a favor and avoid the lousy service at Executive.
2	2 stars for the ride back from the hotel to the airport.0 stars for the ride from the airport to the hotel.we got there, paid for the round trip to downtown vegas, the lady goes 'there's a shuttle right there!" and as we cross the street to catch it it drives away. real nice. so we wait another 20 mins, another one comes, we get on and wait another 30 minutes for people to get on the bus and we finally leave. so im thinking all these people are going downtown because i specifically paid for a shuttle to downtown vegas but we proceed to go to almost every single casino on the strip and then the verrrrry last stop was the golden nugget. shoot me. we spent 2 hours on the shuttle which is 40 minutes longer than the flight i'd just taken from san jose(for  48 hour vegas trip)...had i known i would have gotten a cab. lame.on the way back, we jumped on the shuttle and the driver didn't go down the strip and we got to the airport in 25 minutes. all good.
1	I should have tried Bell Trans instead! I arrived in Vegas on a hot day. I got my voucher and lined up. Apparently the black shuttle broke down and staff had to call another shuttle. My boyfriend and I ended up getting on an old shuttle with NO AIR CONDITIONING! In addition, when we lined up, the driver was soooo rude! He yelled at the people in line and said, "Come on! You should already know!" I mean it's like excuse me! No, we don't know because this is first time and LAST time I'm riding your stupid shuttle. No wonder it's only six dollars! I think the guy's name was Hanna or something. I will never ride on executive again. The only good part was that Vdara hotel was the 2nd stop.
2	slow to leave the airport. waited about 20-30 minutes for the shuttle to fill up before we left.calling for a pick-up wasnt very helpful. they say the shuttle can arrive within a 15 minute window and then take up to an HOUR to get you to the airport. i sucked it up and just had a taxi take me. well worth it the money.don't recommend this company unless they improve their efficiency.they do get 2 starts because of their cheap rates. cant beat it if you don't mind waiting
5	I walked out of the Flamingo expecting to take a taxi to the airport, and found this shuttle service. $7 only to get to the airport? SUCH a good deal (hey, a "5 minute drive" can easily get to $15-$20 with gratuitiy). Maybe I was just lucky, but they left within minutes and I def had over an hour to spare to get to my gate.
4	After having read many reviews on the different Vegas airport shuttle companies (and their difficulties getting people back to the airport) it was obvious that it was wise not to book a round trip ride, just one-way from the airport to the hotel, which is what we did.  The trip charge for my husband and I was $12.00 ($6.00 each).   The shuttle took off soon after we boarded and was pretty full.  The first stop was the MGM Grand and about half the people on the shuttle got off.   The next stop was our hotel (The Four Seasons next to the Mandalay Bay).  It took a total of fifteen minutes from the airport to our hotel.  With the tip the total cost was $15.00.  When we returned to the airport we took a cab.  The cost (including tip) was $18.00 - not much of a difference and we knew we would get to the airport on time.
3	I'm going against the consensus with Executive transportation and that's for a few reasons. I've been traveling to Vegas for quite some time and like to think I know the ins and outs and with that being said:Executive shuttles are the most cost effective way of getting from the airport to your hotel.Price Structure:Strip Hotels: $6Off-Strip Hotels: $7Downtown Hotels: $9.50A cab ride to just about any hotel on or around the strip will run you about $15, so if you're traveling by yourself, Executive shuttles are the way to do it. However, do not, I repeat do not purchase a round trip fare. These shuttle services are not to be used from your hotel to the airport.  You will find yourself waiting and waiting for the shuttle and either making a late arrival check in or missing your flight altogether. You've been warned.
4	We made a last minute reservation with Executive for our return to the airport from Treasure Island.  The $6 cost per person was a big savings over the $30 we paid for a taxi when we arrived and the least expensive of any of the shuttle services.  Our driver was extremely friendly, the coach was brand new and we were able to pay in cash when we boarded and didn't have to reserve with a credit card.  Plus, the driver used the back roads behind the casinos to avoid heavy traffic on the Strip.  We were totally impressed with the service and will use them again anytime we travel to Las Vegas.
1	This was the worst shuttle service I've ever used. We prepaid through Alligiant Airlines, when I got to the Executive booth the "lady" was very rude and insisted that despite having an email confirmation that said "show this email", because I didn't print it out that it was null and void. My husband approached and magically a list that included our name appeared. She demanded that we sign and as I was signing she snatched it away. After we stepped away she started cursing to another Executive employee.
2	We called for service from The Signature to the LV airport. They lost our reservation! We waited at the front of The Signature and 45minutes later I phoned ELV. The woman on the phone told me there was no reservation for us. WHAT?! She then told me she would re-route another shuttle to pick us up - but it wouldn't be for another 30 minutes. After another 40 minutes I called again and they told me he was on the way. Yes, he pulled up, 85 minutes after his initial arrival time! Thankfully our flight was delayed due to rain in San Francisco - but if it hadn't, there would've been no way we would've made our flight. Security check line was extremely long! Here's a clue ELV: next time don't tell your clients (who paid in advance) "we have no reservation for you": just make it happen!!!
1	Terrible terrible terrible service. Waited over 30min before the shuttle left the airport en route to our hotel (can't leave until every last seat is filled). And then spent another 30+ minutes going from hotel to hotel dropping off other passengers. For pickup, had to call 24hrs in advance. The operator assured us that they'd pick us up at a certain time. That pickup time came and passed. Upon repeated phone calls to the operator, the shuttle was constantly "just 10-15 minutes away." And when the shuttle is no longer anywhere near the hotel, they magically lose your reservation! Finally, after the 8th phone call, a shuttle finally shows up about an hour late. In summary, splurge the extra few bucks for a cab and save yourself the hassle of rushing to catch your flight. Avoid Executive Shuttles, unless you enjoy nearly missing your flight!
5	It was by accident and the lack of shuttles outside the baggage claim that we used Executive for our transportation to our hotel. It was a wonderful experience, and a great way to start our vacation. I would definately use Executive again, only if we had the same driver. His name was JB. He was professional, pleasant and drove like a pro, he made us feel really comfortable. Thanks for the experience and for not making comments about how heavy my bags were =)
4	Every time I stay in Las Vegas, I always take the Executive Las Vegas shuttle from my hotel to the airport. They're extremely reliable and very affordable ($7 a person). During my last trip, I took the shuttle from the Flamingo to McCarran Airport. An Executive Las Vegas shuttle was waiting outside of baggage claim, and Brian was extremely courteous and friendly. He helped us both with our bags and got us to the airport quickly and safely. I find them much more reliable than cabs.
4	Very fast and professional.  Just my luck that an Executive Las Vegas Shuttle was picking up passengers as we were leaving the hotel.  So no wait for us, just board and go.  It was way cheaper than the Taxi that we took from the airport even after we tipped the shuttle driver.  He was also very nice, and left us in-front of the Virgin America check in.
2	I don't think I will be using the shuttle service during my next trip. $24 for roundtrip for 2 sounded like an unbeatable price. The shuttle from the airport went ok. The drive did pass our hotel. We ended up being the last ones dropped off. No worries though.The problem came in with the return trip. I called the day before to schedule pick up. My flight was at 8:45a. I was told that we need to be at the 2 hours early, so the shuttle would be there to pick us up at 6:00a. This did raise a little concern, but I had already purchased the vouchers, so I scheduled.The next morning, we head downstairs at about 5:50a. We don't see anyone from Executive. We waited about 20 minutes. I decided to call Executive. I was told that the driver had been there, but left and we were marked as a "no show." So, I'm guessing the driver "forgot" about our hotel again. We ended up paying another shuttle driver for a ride. I have to send the chips in via mail for a refund. Just another unnecessary hassle. At the very least, I should be able to return the unused voucher at the booth where I purchased them.
1	Just take a cab unless you like being told a 15 minute window they might show up in and then have them show up 20 minutes after the end of that window, have them damage your bag in their rush to catch up to their schedule and then subject you to listening to bible stories blaring over the radio in the shuttle. Like others have said, take a shuttle from the airport and a cab back.
1	1. Were not told that a reservation on the return trip was needed.2. When called for a pick up, driver LIED and said he was there, not.3. ONE hour late !!!!! For the pick up.No one said sorry..agent at airport RUDE.  In conclusion try the other ones...
4	The shuttle ride was fine.  It's obnoxious waiting for the entire shuttle to fill, but it eventually does.  There's a timeshare guy that rides it, I just ignore him.  6 bucks to go the Strip is a bargain, and they really do try to group the hotels so you aren't going into every driveway off the strip.  One star off for the mean older blond lady in the kiosk outside the baggage claim.  She's been there every time I've flown into Vegas and needed a shuttle, she's just so rude.  She'll ignore you while you are standing there, so she and her coworkers can look at an ipad or gossip, then she'll yell at people.  Really, is your job so miserable that you need to take it out on people at the airport?  It's sad that she's what I remember about Executive Las Vegas.
3	I came to Vegas for a business conference on my own and I had to get to the hotel from the airport.  I guess I could have taken a taxi and expensed it, but I heard that the shuttle buses were cheaper. It's great if you're traveling alone and don't have anyone to split cab fare with.  It was $6 for a ride to a hotel on the strip.  They will drop you off right in front.I bought a one way trip since they mentioned I would have to call to arrange a pick up to get to the airport..forget that, I'm not trying to miss my flight!
1	i just had a terrible experience with American Limo and will never give them my business or recommend them to my friends again.  When we arrived at the counter outside of the airport, the woman taking our money was rude and curt.  There was one bus that had just shut the door so we were not allowed on.  we then proceed to wait 30 minutes in the next bus when we were promised 10 minutes.  Finally, the company managed to lose my return reservation, claiming I never called to book a return.  As a result, were 90 minutes late to the airport.  If you want on-time reliable service, go elsewhere.  I have had success with this company on previous trips, but this time was a pain and a huge hassle.
1	Don't use them for an airport shuttle, PERIOD. Not sure about their other services, but if you are counting on someone to get you to the airport on time, I'd steer clear.  At 5pm the day of my flight, I called for 7pm reservation to pick me up for a 9:50pm plane departure.  No problem, they said, just be waiting down at the shuttle pickup area at 7pm.  I went down as directed, and they still weren't there at 7:15 so I called. Oh, they didn't have anyone on the list for my hotel for a 7:00 pickup.  And they won't have anyone available to send by so that I can make my flight.  Thanks A NOT!  Bad business.  Don't trust what they tell you!  I ended up taking a different company, they went direct to the airport and I made my flight.  Thank you "NOT EXECUTIVE" shuttle company, you are GREAT (but you didn't even have to try hard to out-do Executive).
1	TERRIBLE  TERRIBLE TERRIBLE We arrived at Las Vegas and was told the shuttle will be there at line 3 within 15 minutes.  1 hour later we were picked up to be told by the driver due to the Electric Daisy Carnival, the Fight, weekend, and Grath Brooke's concert that was the delay. Sorry no excuse when you see Showtime and the other shuttle services picking up their passengers. The return was the worest.  I called the day before for a pickup at 1100pm at the Golden Nugget. I called the day for pickup at 1000am to confirm pickup at 1100pm; agent confirmed the 1100pm pickup.  We went outside at 1030p to wait and at 1120pm no shuttle arrived. I called and was informed by the agent the shuttle will be there at 1130pm.  I called back at 1132pm and was told the shuttle is a shared shuttle and I would have to wait and that I had enough time before my flight departed.Shuttle will arrive in 5 minutes and hung up. I called back at 1140pm and told the agent I didn't care what he had to say but I want a shuttle here now and there was no execuse for the lateness.  He then informs me ashuttle will be there in 10 minutes and he will take us only to straight to the airport.When the shuttle arrives @ 1150pm he loads our luggage and I inform him of our airlines.  He looks at us and ask the both of us if the airlines flies out of Terminal 1 or 2? I looked into his eyes and told him don';t you know that answer your the shuttle driver.  Needless to say he got the information from the dispatcher (the agent I spoke to) and drove us there in less than 10mins.  Never again will I ever use this company.  I will stay with SHOWTIME as I have in the past.
5	What?? As many times as I have been to Vegas, no one ever told me about Executive shuttle service.  I am sure I overlooked them because they look so regal and I never go to Vegas with anything close to regal money.  However, this last trip, I humored myself by checking out their prices and to my surprise they were $1 cheaper than Showtime (which I have always used).  They issue a black poker chip for service to your destination and a white chip for service from your destination.  As soon as you leave the baggage claim area and head towards Ground Transportation, their desk is located outside.  You can't miss them, I promise.  All the vehicles I saw were black; black limosines, black hummers, black shuttle buses.  Go for the shuttle bus! The strip is just two miles away so there is no need to pay for anything that lavish just to go around the corner.My return trip was phenomenal, as well.  They told me they would be outside at 11 AM and they were prompt.  I was assuming they would be late due to traffic on the strip, but apparently they had all that factored in.I was the first on the shuttle and they only made one other stop at an adjoining hotel before we headed to the airport.  Therefore, I made it to the airport in plenty of time to check-in for my flight.
5	I used Executive for an airport pick up when i was in Vegas for the 4th. They were punctual and the town car was in great condition. The driver was really friendly and they played good music. They also gave us cold waters which was nice because it was HOT outside. Saturday night we scheduled a pick up at TI with their Hummer Limo..again punctual and the new driver was super friendly. We picked up our group at Cosmopolitan then they dropped us off at Bellagio..since it was fight weekend and 4th of July weekend the strip was packed so we had a mini dance party in the Hummer limo on our way because it took a while. Driving that Hummer limo  would be tough but our driver was awesome and so patient. I actually made a booking error and scheduled a pick up Sunday morning at 9:15 when it should have been 8:15.. the company picked up on our flight time and when I called at 8 hoping they could accommodate my error the dispatch said the town car was already in route. Talk about service. Love this company. Will use them next time I am in Vegas. Also, very reasonable prices!
1	We took the shuttle bus to and from our hotel to the airport. It took us about ten minutes to even board the shuttle because the driver couldn't back up without hitting the curb. I'm serious, he must have done it at least ten times before the supervisor just told him to park where he was at so we could board. Our ride to the hotel from the airport felt as if we were in a sauna. I was so glad that we were the second drop off or else I would have died!!! It was HORRIBLE!!! For the trip back to the airport, we called 24 hours in advance to get a ride from our hotel to the airport and they were 45 minutes late. Good thing we didn't use their recommended pick up time and went for two hours before that. Or else we would have never made onto our plane. We will never use them again. I would rather pay more than deal with this company again.
2	So, Deb's review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/executive-las-vegas-las-vegas#hrid:b11nnmpMhdk25XoWh3ssiAIs almost exactly what happened to us. Head out about 12:30 for 1 p.m. pickup (3:35 p.m. flight). Hubby calls at 1:10, they say "15 minute window, call back", then calls at 1:30, to which they put him on hold to "find his reservation", another 10 minutes goes by they can't "find the driver" or " find his reservation". Finally gave up and flagged a taxi...which rarely is a bargain going back to the airport in this town.Did I mention that on the way from the airport we got a sponsored Time Share presentation? We decided to go for the amusement value/discounted show, but yeah, just a heads up this company does those presentations on the bus.These shuttles are fine for going TO the hotel but you end up hosed on the way back.
4	Executive provides shared ride shuttle service from LAS airport to the Vegas Strip for a very affordable rate. Driver friendly and vehicle in great condition. Nice and easy works for me!
5	Love it! Have used this company in the past for  night on the strip. Always courteous. All ways punctual. Always clean. Always well priced. We took a sedan to the airport from our home and again from the airport to our home when we returned. Everything about this was perfect. It's the only way to go. Driver was waiting for us not the other way around AND we didn't have to wait in a long hot line for a taxi!
4	Big shout out to the people at Executive!  Got out of the shuttle at McCarren and no sooner got to the door of the terminal when I realized I'd left my pack in the shuttle.  Turned around and it was gone.  Can you say sinking feeling?  Called the hotel since I had no contact info for Executive.  After a few calls and nervous waiting I discovered that it was turned in.  Thanks so much to the shuttle driver for turning it in and Raven for promptly arranging for its return.  Hey, and the shuttle service ain't bad either: left on time and got us there in a reasonable length of time.
1	Will never use this shuttle again! The only saving grace is that the ladies at the ticket counter were very nice. After I went across the street to the shuttle area, the man there was very rude, and after asking what hotel I am going to, grabbed the suitcase out of my hand and threw it onto the shuttle. That would not have really caused me to write a review, but the driver was extremely rude too. He yelled at a security guy directing traffic at a hotel that they need to give him the right of way next time they see him. Then when I got to my hotel, the driver did not take my suitcase down, I had to do it myself, which was fine, but then he demanded I give him the token, and waited, I think for the tip. After I gave him the token and no tip, since I had gotten my own suitcase, he gave me a look and walked off, saying something about how could I think the token was a souvenirI use Showtime Shuttle normally, but thought i'd try something new. After my experience with Executive, I will go back to Showtime from now on. Horrible horrible service other than the ticket counter ladies.
4	I will say this. This is against anyone who says "The shuttle waits too long"...Its this and that. Look, if you don't want to pay $6 for a SHARED VAN SERVICE...then go and spend the expensive hourly luxury cars per hour. Look. This is a very clean bus, more like a party bus without all the bells and whistles but it sure does not come close to a rink, clattering competitors shuttle. Their reps from start to end were very helpful and courteous and this was at 7am! Bright and early.All and all, I have found the company I will use for all of my LAS needs. I recommend this company to anyone who wan
1	No shuttle waiting. Have now waited 30 minutes. Show time had immediate shuttles. Bell did too. 2 doLlars cheaper, but not worth the wait.
1	What a nightmare. I chose Executive Las Vegas because the hotel I stayed at (MGM Grand) recommended them. Their fares are super cheap ($6), and while I had no qualms with the ride from the airport to MGM, the return trip was abysmal. I called a day in advance to arrange my pick-up. I had a 6:50 am flight, and the lady making my reservation said I should take a 4 am shuttle. I thought that was a completely unnecessary amount of time (considering the airport is literally 4 minutes from MGM) and she reminded me that as a shared ride, we'd be picking up other passengers. She said total time should not exceed 45 minutes, so doing some quick math I conceded and said I'd take the 4:30 am shuttle. At 4:25 am on a Monday, I began my wait outside the MGM. While I was not the only person waiting for a shuttle, I was the only person waiting for Executive. I saw person after person getting picked up - ON TIME - by their shuttle services. At 4:45 - now 15 minutes after my arranged pick-up time, I called Executive to see what was up. The gal dispatcher I spoke with (Amber?) notified me that they were running late and would be no more than 10 minutes away. I said ok, and continued to wait. More fellow MGM guests got in their shuttles and drove away. Time passed, and at 5:01 (now 30+ min late), I called back. Amber told me that, whoops, the van broke down (!??!?!) and they had to send a replacement. I was really feeling discouraged at this time because Executive HAD my cell # (needed it when the reservation was made) and I thought the decent thing they could do is call me and notify me themselves. She assured me that a new van would be there in 5 minutes and would take me and me only directly to the airport. She even told me the van would not be one of their usual ones - with checkerboard and a pin-up gal picture on the front - so that is what I started looking for. Time passed.....and finally, at 5:20 - fifty minutes after my confirmed reservation time - an Executive van showed up (not the "different" one described by the dispatcher however). When I approached the driver, I told him how long I had been waiting and said I was assured there would be no further stops. He got uppity with me and proclaimed he had only just started his shift so nothing was his fault. Sigh. I did get to the airport on time, but if I ever have to be in Las Vegas again (hopefully not), I think I'll opt for a taxi.
1	We purchased round trip tickets to and from the airport .On the way back to airport, we called the night before to confirm our ride at 12pm. We were at the pick up spot 30 minutes early.  We called 11:50am to make sure that the shuttle would come on time. We were told yes. But no, 12:10pm we called again, again were told the shuttle was coming but needed to give the driver 15 minites window.  We did. We called again at 12:15pm, and were put on hold. And later told us, the driver's on his way. 12:30 we called again, they had the nerve to tell us that nobody is coming. They said the driver's GPs showed that the bus was there and WE were not there to get picked up. We were at the designated "tour lobby " for the entire hour! In the cold! How could you say that we were not there?! We would never use that service again! And they would not refund our money!
1	Zero stars if I could. After taking the scenic route from the airport to the hotel by a cabbie for $40 (should've been $20-25) I resolved to make a reservation to return to the airport from the strip through my concierge at the Palazzo. Sara took the booking at Executive. The concierge printed out all the info for me. After waiting 15 minutes to the end of the pickup window I was given, I called Executive to find out where my shuttle was. I was told they don't run to the Palazzo tonight. I couldn't get booked onto another shuttle as it takes at least a day's notice. So so poor. Surprised that the Palazzo (5 star hotel) would endorse these losers and book on their behalf. Ended up in a cab again for $25. At least the 2nd cabbie didn't rip me off! Don't use Executive shuttle.
1	If you want to miss your flight take Executive Las Vegas. To our Resort it took 35min for them to come and they completely missed picking us up to the airport. Horrible. Absolutely Horrible.
1	The $14 round trip shuttle seemed cheap so we booked it with our Allegiant flight. Wished we looked up Yelp reviews before booking it. The ladies in the booth were very nice & told us that we needed to cross the street to the 1st bus. So we go to the first bus then they redirect us to the last bus. We go to the last bus, showed our stubs then he said we have to wait for the next bus. I thought this was strange that they wouldn't take us but guess they had it on their schedule to take other passengers by vicinity. Fine. So the next bus came in about 15minutes....not so bad right? It took us over an hour to get to the hotel we were practically the last passengers off the bus!Now on the return trip we called 24hrs ahead as they requested. They suggested the pick up time of 11:30pm for our 1:50am flight from the Cal Hotel. I thought that was kewl cuz that's an extra 30minutues compared to other shuttles I've used prior. So we're waiting for the shuttle outside by 11:20pm. 11:40 comes around no shuttle. It's well after midnight now & our flight is at 1:30am now I'm very concerned. Won't draw out the agony & all the thoughts running through my head but bottom line was we did make the boarding....barely.Buyer beware! Spend the few extra dollars and use Bell Trans or another reliable transportation company.
5	Great price!  Very helpful staff.  Ideal pickup and drop off. Cool air conditioning.
2	Took the shuttle from the Flamingo to the airport. Brian was our driver. When we got on and paid they asked what airline we all were on. We were flying American. Others were flying allegiant, Alaskan, etc. so what did our driver do? Fly right past American. I understand that everybody makes mistakes & I still tipped a couple dollars anyway.
1	I called abt the shuttle service before getting to Vegas and they said there is no waiting and I'd be the 3rd stop. I asked the man who answered the phone to assure me that the shuttle would be faster than the taxi line and he did. It was not faster, it was more expensive and we were the 6th stop! Further we had to wait until each seat on the bus was full before leaving the airport! Never using it again!
4	We scheduled a pick up to the airport at 11am at Planet Hollywood. It was 11:05 and the shuttle hadn't arrived.  I was worried because of all the negative reviews by other yelpers not being picked up so I called. The person on the phone was pleasant and confirmed that they had the correct pickup time. She said you should always allow a 15 min grace period which I understand. She was even nice enough to check where the shuttle was and what the ETA was to our location.The black shuttle bus pulls up to the tour bus area at our hotel at 11:15 and we arrived at the airport at 11:30 with plenty of time for our flight.  The driver was very nice. The bus was clean and a lot better than Belltrans Shuttle where we had a bad experience because we were crammed in a tiny shuttle van with 12 people.Suggestions:1) Schedule a pick up 2 to 2 1/2 hours prior to your flight departure time the day before.2) Ask the reservation rep where the location of the pickup will be at the hotel. The reason why some yelpers weren't picked up might have been because they were waiting at the wrong location in the hotel.3) Allow a 15 min. grace period for the shuttle to show up and if the shuttle is still not there, call to confirm they have the correct times for you and ask the person on the phone to check where the bus is and what the ETA is to your location.I will definitely be using Executive for my shuttle service needs in LV again. Furthermore, they are cheaper than the other shuttles. We paid $6/pp from Planet Hollywood to the airport. The price may be more from other locations but you can always call them to find out prices. Belltrans was $7.50/pp to a strip hotel and more for downtown.
2	Had the hotel Concierge book a roundtrip limo from the airport. I received a call as we landed from the driver (who was very nice) saying that he would be waiting at the baggage claim. We saw the driving immediately as we came down the escalator. He introduced himself, got our bags and took us to the limo. We get inside the limo and it was tiny, definitely not able to seat 10 as their website stated!  Apparently the A/C was broken as it was stifling inside. The seats were ripped and the car had a weird smell. The driver was very helpful but he couldn't over come the downfall of the car. I went to the Concierge and cancelled the return trip.
1	Awful. Every single time I've used they are terrible and the person on the phone has NO clue what they are doing. I called three times to confirm a ride and then when I called because they were late they told me they didn't have any cars available-not professional. This has happened more than once, more than twice! I do not understand how a business can function when you take reservations and then don't show up. Thankfully it wasn't for a ride to the airport for a flight or I would have been out of luck. Thanks for nothing Executive. Beware when using their services.
1	Not knowing some how we ended up with Executive as our limo service for our wedding (Our bus company did not offer limo car service so they sub-contracted to Executive).  And let me tell you... worst service I've ever experienced.  First off the limo was 30 minutes late picking me and my groomsmen up.  I understand Las Vegas is a hot dessert and on our particular wedding day it was right around 105 but neither my wife or my limos were properly cooled at all.  My wife's driver flat out said that the AC wasn't working and that they had tried to get it to work unsuccessfully.  Now you can imagine what that's got to be like being dressed in your wedding dress, with hair and makeup done getting into a hot limo the day of your wedding.  When we contacted the bus company to complain and they tried to work with us to get some sort of a refund, Executive told them that basically we were out of luck that their limo's had service records that could show everything was working and that due to the heat sometimes the drivers have to turn off the cars to avoid overheating.  Not sure I quite understand that and if that's the case they don't you think you would have your limos altered to have advanced cooling systems seeing as though you are in a hot dessert where temps reach over 100 for 4-5 months a year?  So since Executive was not able to provide anything back, the bus company (Lewis Stages) offered to provide some money to help out and they deserve repeat business because of this.Needless to say we will not ever be using this company again nor will any of our friends.
1	I am actually driving for this company. I give them one star. Dispatch has no clue what they're doing. They tell you to do things one way, you do it they get upset. They are very disorganized. They have a detail shop that doesn't know what the word detail means. Yet expects a tip every time you get keys from them.Cars are not in good mechanical working order. Some of them should have been pulled off the road a long time ago. The mechanic changed the tire within 3 minutes. Then came into the office and asked if I wanted a souvenir. I had run over a nail coming back into the yard. He told me there were also three screws in the tire. Now I know why the tire pressure gauge on all of the cars is always on. They probably have air leaks from screws in the tires. LolStrangely the mechanics know the problems with the cars and the cars are not fixed.The interior of their Lincolns are a mess. Ripped carpet, holes in the seats, door handles falling off, dents scratched paint, trunks and doors that don't close. I actually walked out today because they didn't have a car in good enough condition for me to drive. If I wanted ghetto fabulous I wouldn't have chosen to be a chauffeur in Las Vegas.
1	Women: do NOT get in one of these cars alone.  I took the car from Cesear's to ARIA which is a 5 minute drive.  I directed the driver to go back way even though he kept saying we should take the Strip at 5pm on a Saturday night.  Red flag.  He says I am his first passenger ever (found out later that was a complete lie).  He's not sure how to get to the front door so we go to the limo bus entrance in the lower level of the parking garage.  Red flag.  He gets out, opens my door, I say how much, he says $55.  Me:  For a 5 minute ride?Him: Yes, it's hourly.Will spare you and my furiously typing fingers the details but I called the company and they passed me off a few times saying I must pay and someone will call me back to refund it/discuss.  I said nope, we go back and forth and finally dispatch says I can leave, the driver will have to pay, it's not his first ride, etc.  I hand him a $20 still feeling responsible and he says no pay the $55.   I take the $20, call dispatch so she can repeat on speaker.  Hang up and run like hell into the casino because he was not about to let me leave on my own.  Your personal safety isn't worth it.
