5	I must say this place puts both of the conservatories in Chicago as well as the domes in Milwaukee to shame.   It is old, classy, large, varied and their spring flower show -- we caught the last weekend -- was not only beautiful but original and clever.  Should be considered one of the highlights of Pittsburgh.
5	I took my mother to Phipps during her first visit to Pittsburgh earlier this month (April 2007) for the Spring flower show.  It was a great way to showcase the city and it really impressed her (and me!)  The flowers were great, and the food in the cafe was fantastic (and very vegetarian friendly).  I've heard their butterfly gardens are great too, though they weren't open at the time.A must-see!
5	I was just here for an absolutely stunning Chihuly exhibit. Amazing! Don't miss it! Best part of our trip.I have high standards too because I'm familiar with Longwood Gardens near Philadelphia. Looks like the place is a bit lacking in flowering plants if the exhibit wasn't there. But still really neat and worth a visit.
5	Woah, I figured I must have reviewed Phipps. But I haven't!I'm not a flower guy. I mean, they're ok and all, but I never figured I'd enjoy going to a flower garden. But I love Phipps. Everything is really well done, and they don't care if you just stroll for a while. The butterfly exhibit is really awesome - just go during the day, because during the evening they're all sleeping. Carnegie Mellon students get in for free, so for four years, I had the perfect date spot. It's free! It's next to campus! You seem more sensitive than if you suggested you watch Grindhouse.
4	Am I the only person who isn't that wild about Phipps?  It's interesting but big old turn of the century greenhouses are pretty cool in and of themselves, even if they don't have fruiting and flowering plants, and butterflies and so on inside. Which this one does. Which is also cool.But some of the exhibits are really hokey. I like this place best for it's easy location (for visitors and residents), the orchids, the potentially free admission, and the fact that when it is cold and dreary outside, this is a lovely place to breathe warm air, stare at green, living things and imagine summer.
5	A Pittsburgh gem. I recently joined The Phipps because I am always impressed with the exhibits and my visit always puts me in a good mood. I've been at the Phipps in all seasons and attended a couple of the special events (New Year's Eve and Chihuly exhibit). Always something interesting to see.No reasonably priced postcards. That is a real shame.
5	They always have great shows, plant shows. Wow - imagine how I'd kick my own ass if I'd heard me say that just 15 years ago - their plant shows are awesome! **punch**Anyhow they really are. I love to photograph the flowering plants and it is a great place to take a client to in order to photograph them at as long as you go when Phipps is not too busy or crowded.
4	the addition to this 1890s facilities is a new LEED Silver building.  too bad you need to pre-arrange for a "green" tour of this thing.  we ended up just checking it out.  its about a hour tour.  the exhibits that were on was an interesting interplay of cheesy and ultra-cool.  they had this chocolate theme which was cool.  but then they placed all these hokey flamingo figurines all over, decorated to match each chocolate theme.  dispursed amongst the planting are custom blown glass art pieces by Dale Chilulhy, whose work you've probaby seen on the ceiling of the Bellagio in LV.   his work is prolific and when placed against this lush green backdrop is quite striking.the best thing i enjoyed were the sustainable features in the new addition:  operable skylights, computer controlled monitioring of energy (you can see a graphic display at the entrance), energy blanklets that are tied electronically to a weather station, the fuel cell, and all the underground radiant systems we don't even see.i'm excited to see their development of the Living Machine and anaerobic water digester to generate electricity out of shit.
5	Phipps Conservatory is another one of the many outstanding cultural amenities in Pittsburgh.  I wonder if my fellow natives realize the wealth of culture this city has.Anyway, I took a week's worth of annual leave from work and decided to make the must of our cultural institutions.  So I asked my friend Marla, a stay-at-home mom if she'd like to join me here for a day.  Marla practically dialed her mother to ask her to babysit even before I was done talking to her!One thing I like is that if you only have a little bit of time, you can visit the Sustainable Perennial Gardens, right around the dome of the Phipps.  I believe that you can visit this part for free.  But the Sustainable Perennial Gardens shows you how you can plant flowers and plants that require little water, fertilizer, and pesticides.It would be too hard for me to list all of the rooms that Phipps has.  I guess my favorite is the Fern Room, which has a lot of prehistoric plants and tree ferns, many of which have been around since the time of the dinosaurs.  I also enjoy the Tropical Fruit Spice Room and the Tropical Forest Conservatory.  It is in these rooms that we are reminded of one of the reasons that the rainforests are so so important to us.  Not only is the biodiversity so great, but we get so many of our fruits and spices from them.  Take a moment to deeply inhale this fragrant room!  We also get so many medicines from the rainforest and this place has a research lab and a "Healer's Hut".Marla's favorite exhibits are the Desert Room and the Japanese Courtyard Garden.  I can see her point.  Japanese gardens are intended to be places of tranquility.  The Phipps also has a huge outdoor garden and I'm glad that we had the nice weather last week.  It gave us one last chance to walk through the walkways and the beautiful fountains before they're closed for the winter.Oh, and we saw this guest speaker http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7Ixe95CZOE  I'M JUST KIDDING!  But seriously, the Phipps can be a wonderful, colorful, and relaxing way to spend the day.  Even if you don't have a "green thumb", you'll find something to like here!
5	Nothings puts me in the holiday spirit more that a visit to Phipps Winter Flower Show. I love all the cute "animal" displays and the poinsettias, hanging baskets and the Xmas trees are beautiful and fragrant. I love how they manage to fill the Serpentine Room with such nice holiday displays. My favorite room is always the Orchid Room. There are so many different varieties and I love to be able to see them up close and marvel at their beauty. I also love the Tropical Forest Conservatory. It's so peaceful and tranquil. I love the Sunken Garden and The Victoria Room, too. Also, the Broderie Room was also very beautiful in it's holiday decor. I can't wait to visit again in the Spring!
5	i wish that every city had a place like this, so that in the dead of winter i could trudge through the snowy streets of boston and walk into a beautiful victorian greenhouse. if you're visiting pittsburgh, phipps should be at the top of your things to see.
5	This place exudes cheer in an understated way.If you're in Pittsburgh for a weekend or longer, this should be one of The Places To Visit.  It's rarely crowded, it's inexpensive, and every room in the building is an awesome collection of plants.  Flowers, cactus, palm trees, orchids, with the seasonal butterfly room off to the side, and a great display around Christmastime.Comparing it to botanical gardens in larger cities, it's bigger than the one in Washington, DC if that matters to ya.  Reading the reviews, it never even occurred to me that not all cities have one of these.  Hunh.
5	As a teen, I worked at a botanical garden for two summers.  Even now I always want to visit botanical gardens in any city I'm in--Phipps doesn't disappoint.My favorite room is the Tropical Forest Conservatory, with its waterfall, koi pond, the thatched roof huts and these dollhouse-like shrines that I was told are ancestral shrines.  I like the Orchid Room, but I think people must gravitate towards that room or something, because it's always the busiest room whenever I go (that and the Butterfly Room).  I find the special exhibits a little random--I first visited during last summer's chocolate exhibit, in which plastic flamingos and fake chocolate foods seemed to be plunked right in the middle of the plants for no apparent reason.  I missed the Chihuly show, but there are still a few pieces of colorful hand blown glass in seemingly random places.  The "animals" in the holiday flower show were more understandable, as many of them were made out of botanical materials.  Plus, I'd be heartless to say I didn't like those cute animals.  Still, Phipps is an excellent time.  If gray skies have got you down, Phipps can fix you up.
4	A beautiful place to spend a few hours! The conservatory is quite large with tons of different plant exhibits. My favorites were the orchids and the cacti. There's also currently a Frabel glass exhibit so among the plants and flowers you'll find figures, fairies, bowls and the awesomely elongated "longfellows." On weekends you will find some areas closed off for weddings -- there was one indoors and another outdoors when I was there on Saturday, but there was still plenty to see.
5	On my first visit to Pittsburgh in over 10 years, the lovely girl next to me on the plane told me I had to go to the Conservatory. So i dragged the boyfriend over and prepared him to look at flowers for hours. It was free for CMU students (damn) but my student ticket was 9 big ones. The staff, including a lovely crotchety old man named John, helped us get started.  They recently added a new wing, the Head Waters of the Amazon about which John was particularly excited. He explained we should make only right turns so we were sure to see everything and then he sent us on our way. Some highlights include: the butterfly room (though I would argue this could use more butterflies), the Head Waters room, the bunny who lives on-site, the outdoor gardens (particularly the Childrens' Garden, filled with flowers) and the beautiful, incredibly peaceful Parterre de Boderie Room. Near the end, my patience had waned a bit because we were there for so long, but it was well-done and a great way to spend a morning.
5	Before my latest Pittsburgh visit, I added Phipps to my to-do list last minute. I'm glad I remembered! We went on a perfect sunny warm day. I forgot how lovely this place is and the new wing is very interactive and fun. This place is great for a daytime date, a fun afternoon with kids and family, or a special occasion. My friend had her bachelorette luncheon (she didn't want a party) here. Hanging out on Flagstaff hill or wandering over to the Carnegie Museum can complete the day. Not bad at all. Truly a lovely atmosphere, with a friendly staff. My favorite has to be the butterfly room. It's so beautiful and the creatures are very interesting. I highly recommend it!
5	The Phipps Conservatory is a beautiful place to visit or in my case go to a wedding. I went to a wedding here last Saturday (on Halloween). I had a great time. It felt like I was at a destination wedding in the Amazon. To get to the ceremony, I had to walk through the gardens to the very end. The ceremony was held in a cove; a pond with some koi were among some of the guests in attendance. The appetizers during the cocktail hour were great. The dinner was a buffet of chicken, steak and ravioli. All the food was excellent! If you are planning a wedding for 100 people or less this is a great option!
4	Beautiful gardens!  I love going when it's a little warm out- and then picnicing on Flagstaff Hill afterward.It's best to go when the weather is nice and the outdoor gardens are open.
5	I visited during the orchid exhibit and the flowers were amazing.  I highly recommend visiting if you are in Pittsburgh.  You can easily see the entire conservatory in an hour, but I recommend at least 2 in order to enjoy at a leisurely pace.
5	I'm not that big into sports, but when my boyfriend convinced me that if I went to a Pirates game with him during our trip to Pittsburgh, I could pick the next activity, I just had to find something completely different from a baseball game haha!I fell in love with this place the second I saw it. What a great way to spend a few hours! Even my boyfriend, who isn't really into flowers, landscaping, etc. enjoyed himself. It was especially nice to see the different orchids, fruit trees, spice plants, the giant agave, and the butterfly area.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting the Pittsburgh area.
5	I've been going here for four years for school-related projects, but today I went with my aunt for one last trip before I leave Pittsburgh for good. I was happy to see several Chihuly pieces still on display (by far my favorite exhibit that they've ever done). Their current exhibition involves Gargoyles, and the mythical stone creatures either provided a nice contrast to the sweet flowers, or they blended well into the lush scenery. It was a nice homage to some of the gothic architecture in Pittsburgh.Also, if you're in town soon, check out the agave plant in the cactus room. After taking a range of 10 to 70 years to grow, it's center has shot through the roof of the building -- a sign that it's now near the end of its life. I would definitely recommend visiting Phipps if you're touring Pittsburgh. Museums are a dime a dozen, but this conservatory is something different. It's a perfect visit no matter the weather (and weather has a tendency to go wrong in Pittsburgh) and even the children's garden was captivating to me (I seriously spent twenty minutes walking around with a plastic elephant shaped watering can, looking for something to water).
5	What a fantastic space - better than the gardens in DC or San Francisco by a longshot.  With rooms divided by climate and location, from rain forest to dessert and everywhere between each area was a new adventure.  Speckled with Chihuly pieces from a past exhibition and now featuring "Gargoyles in the Garden" there is a wonderful interplay of man made and natural that brought a smile to each of our faces as we traveled from region to region.A well formed collection of Bonzai and Orchids highlighted the trip for me, but honestly the whole place is mesmerizing.  As others have noted, a good idea would be to visit soon as the Agave has now grown to nearly record heights (through the roof) and this is something you're not likely to see again in your lifetime.Take a camera if you enjoy photos, as well - the layout is made for shutter bugs.
5	just went here on sunday and i don't know why i waited so long to visit. very impressed.
5	Great gardens!  I honestly can't wait until I go again.  The rooms are divided by climate and location.  They have a great bonzai and orchid collection.  Make sure you check out the butterfly room!
5	We go to the Phipps Gardens when we visit my brother-in-law in Pittsburgh.  Beautiful place, very well maintained. Garden displays change throughout the year.  Our best experience here was when Dale Chihuli had his glass art show here a few years back -- AWESOME, AWESOME, AWESOME.   Also enjoy the butterfly exhibits and tulip display in Spring.  Very educational.  Great gift shop, too.
5	Gorgeous.  Exotic plants and Chihuly glass.  Not just for the botany nerds but a great place for anyone wanting to see some green.
4	A Bangladeshi wedding has multiple events, I had my Gaye Holud (the equivalent of a prep rally for the bride with singing and dancing) in Phipp's Special Events Hall. ManagementAbsolutely lovely, at some point at I talked to all the ladies in the sales dept. Tricia, Colleen, Charlotte, they were all helpful and sweet.  Renting the space, which is about $2400 is also very affordable. Though you do have to pay extra to go after 11PM. SpaceI was able to fit 170 people pretty comfortably into this space. They have their own tables/chairs, but you need to bring in everything else. AmbianceThis is why I rented the space! My groom's family is from LA and they were incredibly impressed with Phipps, the outdoor area, and the event room. We got lucky with a lovely August evening, too, no humidity, nice breeze. They were very good about letting me use my own Ethnic decorator, though I had to use All Occasions for basic rentals. $$$$Rania's Catering is one of the catering options for this space. They do have required vendors for food. She did an excellent job! :) I would definitely recommend this venue to anyone. If the event hall could accommodate 300, I would have had my entire wedding here! You won't be disappointed. I didn't give 5 stars, because it would have been more awesome with less required vendors. :)
5	Not much more I can add to the reviews already posted.   An amazing selection of plants from all over the world in an expansive, well designed green house.    Great way to spend a few hours if you're looking for something different to do.
4	I heard about the Phipps Conservatory from a friend and decided to check it out a few weekends ago. Being an out of state college student, I was pleasantly surprised by the uniqueness of the plants, green house, and overall experience at Phipps. I am not from Pittsburgh, so I do not really know where to go and what sorts of things there are to do. When I visited Phipps, it was decorated for Halloween and there were many little kids trick or treating in their costumes. Regardless of the immense difference in age, I enjoyed walking around, sipping hot apple cider, and taking pictures of the many interesting exhibits both inside and outside the greenhouses. The only downside was I visited the museum at night, so some parts of each plant room were difficult to see because only some plants are lighted. I was however happy that the museum opened until 10 pm on a Friday night. It gave me a different and relaxing escape from school and raucous frat parties.
4	Phipps is soooo pretty!! They have a wide variety of exhibits and they are constantly changing, so every time you go back you can see new things. I know you can rent out some areas, and some people have weddings there, but I imagine it would be pretty expensive. Phipps is a great way to spend a few hours on a lazy weekend.
4	This is a beautiful botanical garden to visit for a few hours.  Admission is $12.  There is plenty of parking out in front.  This is a review of visiting in the winter.  Some of the exhibits change themes with season.  For example, the  - Serpentine room had snow, snowmen, and melted snowmen in a pond - East room had a plants decorated in holiday lights - Broderie room was decorated with poinsettias - Trains wind the South Conservatory around the plantsThere are a lot of interesting plants to see in the Palm court, Fern room, Orchid room, etc... Some highlights were * Tropical fruit and spice room with bananas, coffee, papayas.  * Tropical Forest conservatory with waterfalls, fish pond, andferns that shrivel up when you touch them * Japanese courtyard garden (outdoors) featuring many bonzai's The outdoor gardens are limited in what you can see during the winter and pretty bare, though also less crowded.  I would love to come back in the spring or summer.  Check out some of my pictures!
4	As I mentioned in my review of Cafe Phipps, our guys all went off to the Pennsylvania Trolley Museum for its holiday festival.  So we girls (me, my mom, my sister-in-law, and my niece) headed over to the Phipps Conservatory for brunch and a girls' afternoon out.  While the boys were admiring things with rails, electric motors, and steel wheels, we were having a fine brunch and enjoying botanical and horticultural displays.We saw the Annual Winter Flower Show featuring snowmen made of white garden flowers, a 24 foot Christmas tree in the Victoria Room, smaller Christmas trees lit by LED lighting, and poinsetta creations throughout the exhibit.  And the new Headwaters of the Amazon exhibit shows the ecosystems and cultures of the rainforest.  The exhibit includes waterfalls, and fauna and flora from Peru and Brazil.  Makes me glad I'm not allergic to pollen!  But we had a terrific females only day out.  And should I tell my husband Railfan Rick about the garden railroad?  Shall I tell him about the many G-scale trains they have operating at once?  Or about the world's only N-scale garden railroad running alongside?  Nah!
5	Who knew a conservatory/botanical gardens could warrant so many visits with its ever-changing scenery and themes. The rooms are constantly evolving throughout the season which draws you back regularly. All of the rooms are carefully arranged and maintained while having information provided about them and the plant life throughout your walk. Phipps also offers gardening workshops and classes, which I've heard are worth the price. At the lower level is a gift shop with plants of its own for purchase as well as visitor-oriented souvenirs. Not to mention you can also schedule an event there such as a Wedding in the Fleur de lis room which is an arrangement of flowers/plants in its namesake.I also wanted to mention that if any children are present, there are a few interactive rooms offering manned stations for games or trivia and there's also a user-driven controlled fountain.
5	Phipps Conservatory is such a gem in Pittsburgh. I have loved going here for as long as I can remember. I attended a wine tasting this evening, and I love the atmosphere for a networking event.The Chihuly exhibit was one of my favorite time frames here at the conservatory. Dale Chihuly is an amazing American glass sculptor. They had some of his pieces incorporated in all of their gardens as an exhibit, and it was just breathtaking! They still have one of his larger pieces hanging like a chandelier in the main entrance when you walk in. This just gives you an idea of the type of national scale that Phipps is on - and I just feel so lucky to have it in my backyard. If you haven't been to Phipps in awhile, or ever at all, take a Saturday afternoon to visit. Cafe Phipps is awesome too - and are vegetarian/vegan friendly!
4	Beautiful no matter what time of year you go. I loved the dale chihuly exhibit from a couple years back and am so delighted they got to keep a few pieces. A gorgeous place for pictures, picnics, weddings, farmers markets, you name it.The cafe always has fantastic, fresh, healthy options in food and drink. Definately a must see if you happeen to be in town!
5	Wow.  If there's any magic left in the world for us old folks, some of it surely resides at the Phipps.  This place is something special.  Not only is this an astonishingly beautiful collection of flora, it's housed in an immaculate building.  And it's sized perfectly so you can see the entire place in a couple well-spent hours.The conservatory is divided by plant type, with each getting its own room: Palm Court, the Desert Room, Fern Room, Fruits and Spices, etc.  Each room is its own microcosm, executed so completely that you forget about not only the room you just came from, but the outside world as well.  Everything was jaw-dropping, but I had my particular favorites:*The Orchid Room.  Hundreds of different orchids of all shapes, sizes, and colors...some hanging, some growing off trees, some clinging to the side walls.  *The Stove Room.  It's hot in here, with plants from the deep tropics.  But the free-roaming butterflies more than make up for the heat.  They're everywhere, flitting from flower to flower, gliding right past you.  Being in this room made me really happy.*Chihuly glass.  In 2007-2008, the Phipps commissioned glass artist Dale Chihuly to create a temporary installation that increased visits to the conservatory 150% over the previous year.  Once the exhibit closed, the Phipps purchased 26 of the Chihuly pieces to retain permanently.  And they are *stunning.*  I love Chihuly's work, so to find these pieces hidden away in a botanical garden in Pittsburgh was a real delight.At $12 for entry one might balk at visiting the Phipps, but this remarkable place is worth every penny.
5	When Pittsburgh hosted the G-20, this is where the heads of state met and ate. Not without reason. Phipps is one of the nicest Botanical Gardens in the country, and is an amazing place to spend an afternoon or evening in Pittsburgh. The shows that come through can be hit (Chihuly) or miss (Aliens?), but everything centers around the plants, which are well curated. Particularly special areas include the orchid room, butterfly room, and Japanese garden. There's also a nice cafe with a limited menu, wine, and beer. The gift shop sells some gardening gear, odds and ends, and books on plants for adults and children.
4	Its a beautiful place. If you are in Pittsburgh, be sure to check it out.
5	ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS PLACE! I'm so glad I waited and visited on a bright and warm Saturday afternoon rather than Friday night (they are open later on Fridays). I'm sure they light the place up at night, but with the bright sunlight, you get to see everything bright with life! I loved how there were so many areas/rooms with themes. I especially enjoyed the Orchid Room and the Discovery Garden. Even though it was very warm out in the Discovery Garden, it was great how they provided us with complimentary fresh ice cold pink lemonade and fresh fruit. I had a lot of fun making bird feeders, watering the plants, and touching/smelling the unique plants. Another great touch was the numerous glass art pieces they had scattered throughout the gardens. I'm a huge fan of glass art! The only downside was that they had a part of the garden sectioned off for a private wedding event, so we weren't able to see the plants in those rooms. Other than that, I had a wonderful time, took literally hundreds of photos, and would definitely come back to see the seasonal displays they would have. Definitely recommend this place!!
5	We were married in the Broderie Garden Room at Phipps Conservatory last week in Pittsburgh.  Colleen and her staff were outstanding.  They managed the day perfectly.  They went above and beyond to make our guests comfortable and were a pleasure to work with.  Beautiful setting and outstanding staff.  I highly recommend Phipps for a great experience.
5	Great place.  Apparently it's the go-to place for many depressed grad students during the long dark cold Pittsburgh winters.  Stop by during the Christmas festivities for bonus entertainment, like caroling and handbell performances.It's a great place for kids.  I was a former "Discovery Cart" volunteer before being swamped with other time commitments.  They typically have a few craft stations set up around the conservatory.  Some days during the summer, kids even get to "pot-a-plant" to take home!The only con is that part of the outdoor garden is closed for weddings most weekends, but you probably aren't missing out on much.And one tiny personal opinion: I'd love for them to feature some native Western Pennsylvania plants.  I realize that the typical visitor probably only wants to see exotic plants though.
5	Beautiful display.  Even the bf loved it and didn't get bored which is a hard task for men looking at flowers lol.  Anyhow I'm definitely thinking of making the trip here again in winter to look at those displays.  They have great variety of plants.
4	very nice place, but overpriced. thankfully its easy enough to sneak in! convienent parking, suicidal butterflies, nicely placed art, gorgeously evil orchids and a decent variety of other plants.
4	Jay has friends (if you can believe it) and they invited him to a wedding at the Conservatory.  I was excited.  These people must be rich is all I could think because all the people in Ellwood City can afford is a fire hall reception.  So off we went to Pittsburgh one fine evening to attend a reception for Jay's fine friends.When we first arrived we walked into a garden where there were two booths...one for wine and the other for mixed drinks.  Then as you walked around and socialized with other wedding guests you were offered hors d'oeuvres.  There was even a man walking around playing a violin while we were socializing and drinking Yuengling (talk about heaven!).Moving on, later in the night we were treated to dinner under a white canopy tent.  The food I am guessing was prepared by the chef at the conservatory.  The food was nothing to brag about.  Rosemary chicken, eggplant parm which resembled a ritz cracker, and cookies that were from grandmas freezer.  Later I found out that the menu was a lean menu which was why the food was not that tasteful.  Then before we were done we were treated to a coffee bar where a man would make your favorite drink.The night was awesome.  If you are looking to have a wedding at a place that is beautiful and will impress guests...this is it.  Just do not request the lean menu for your guests if you do book your event here.
4	The Phipps is a wonderful place to take out of town guests, and it's also a great spot for a wedding.  They have in-house catering as well as a short list of caterers that do an excellent job with the food and the other arrangements.  I have attended lots of weddings in the Broderie room, which is an ideal spot for a small wedding (under 50 guests). There are some beautiful Chihuly art glass pieces installed throughout the Phipps, and they are a nice addition to the exhibits.
5	I got married here! I had to plan a last-minute wedding for the day after Christmas in 2010 when my husband was at basic training through most of December. I must have visited just about every church and historic building in Pittsburgh in an attempt to find an affordable venue. I tried everywhere from the Frick to Braddock Library. I have always loved Phipps--especially the winter flower show--and had a good feeling when I had the idea of renting space there. I emailed the representative in charge of rentals and was turned down since the entire facility would be open to the public during the hours of the wedding. Desperate, I sent a reply telling her the story of what was happening with us, and a day later she got back to me and said after contacting many higher-ups, they made a special exception. The Broderie Room was a beautiful location for a wedding, especially a no-frills one like ours. There was no need to buy a single flower or decoration. There is a wishing well inside the room, and we provided a bowl of pennies, asking our guests to make a wish for our marriage as they exited. We used the space just for the ceremony and hosted the reception at my in laws' house.The Phipps staff was amazing in putting everything together. They provided seating for our parents and grandparents during the ceremony and shuttled everyone from the entrance of the conservatory back to the Broderie Room. There was always someone on hand to help, and I am eternally thankful for that since the entire night was a blur!Aside from the wedding night, I love to visit Phipps and have always taken out-of-town guests. It is one of my favorite places to take a new camera lens to practice since there are so many colors and shapes. The little cafe in the front has delicious, interesting food and some of the friendliest staff. My only complaint is that general admission has risen a lot in the last few years, making it somewhat impractical for me to visit very often. But with its Victorian glass architecture and themed rooms, it is one of the most magical places in Pittsburgh.
4	Whenever I come to a special place like this, I feel lucky we have it right in our fair city!  I may not be a botanist, but I do know that there's some purdy flowers and plants growing at Phipps!  I visited for the first time during the Dale Chihuly exhibit a couple years back.  It was SO gorgeous.  I just love his work!  But going at night, it just shined!  Literally, they knew the right spot and the right lighting to place these amazing pieces of art that made them pop among the plants.  I'm sure it was intentional to put this exhibit in the winter, so that you can have multiple bursts of color in the usually dull winter months.Going back, I'm glad to see that some of those Chihuly pieces are still tucked into permanent display.  This winter's theme was The Nutcracker.  They had Christmas trees decorated as the specific dances/lands in the story.  It was a really cute idea.  The real beauty was the massive tree in the Victoria room.  I love blue and silver, and this tree was decorated in that color theme.  It was incredible!  I also enjoy the orchid room.  It's really cool seeing the different types of orchids they have.  I also always think I'm in the garden scene in Alice in Wonderland, when the flowers are singing.  You too?  Okay, maybe not, but it's a nice little scene for me to think about!I've actually only been here in the winter months, but it actually makes me think I need to visit sometime in the spring/summer/fall.  I walked through the outdoor area with mostly dead shrubbery and flowers.  But you could tell with the landscaping that it has to be beautiful in the right season.  They also have a lot of different events going on throughout the year, like dinners in the botanical garden at night (which sounds really romantic and cool) and special rotating exhibits.  So go out and enjoy this unique place, just don't think you can pick up some free flowers, they probably frown on that!
5	What a great way to brighten the day...especially during colder days.  Fun place to spend part of a day or evening.  The themes do change but the Holiday/winter theme was The Nutcracker.  Still some Chihuly pieces on display, they really sparkle at night.  It was great to see the Chihuly exhibit a couple of years ago.Great place for events and weddings.   Have been to both type events and it is just a wonderful atmosphere for weddings.   If you are looking for a place to take visitors and do not want to go to a museum, this is a great alternative.
5	Phipps has the biggest and best display of flowers in the area.  Going here is a great way to spend a free day, especially if it is a cold day outside.  Come in here and stay nice and warm and enjoy the beautiful flowers and the decorations.  Come here around Christmas when they have it all decoated for the holidays.  I came last weekend for the first time since I was little and I loved it.  And if I can enjoy looking at flowers, I am sure you can too.
5	Ladies and gentlemen, aboriculturists and green thumbs, museum goers, people watchers and park goers, gather 'round. I have a tale to tell, and it is every bit full of magic as it is the truth. Not so long ago, in a land 3,000 miles away, I visited a place full of wonder and spirit. The natives call it Phipps Conservatory of Pittsburgh, PA. Baby, it was cold outside. Close enough to freezing to make this California girl shiver deep down into her warmest winter coat. As we approached what can only be described as a castle of glass, I drew my breath in and held it. I was excited. We purchased our tickets (reasonably priced) and entered into the first exhibit room. I smiled as I felt my fingers and toes thaw. The tropical environment was making it's way through me and it felt oh-so nice. The visually stunning displays of art among the greenery had me entranced. You will be hard pressed to find something as gorgeous as the combination of Dale Chilhuly's vibrant glass creations among lush greenery and romantic low-lighting. This year's theme: The Nutcracker. As I wondered from room to room, I encountered one delight after the next, including a train track set that rivals any that I have ever seen before! The details were stunning. My inner six year old squealed when I saw the giant gingerbread house decked out in fruit. Later, my inner princess began to plan my wedding to Prince Harry in front of the Shang Ri La of Christmas trees, dripping with romantic blue and silver, and placed  delicately over a still pond. Too soon for comfort, our tour of the conservatory came to a close, but it's magic lives on in my Flickr album titled, I Dream of Phipps-ie. Check it. Then go. You're doing it right.
4	My mom and I stopped off at Phipps to start our day downtown. The full tour only took a little more than an hour but we both really enjoyed it. It was right after the holidays and Phipps did an excellent job with their holiday theme which was a collaboration with the Pittsburgh Ballet's Nutcracker. I definitely have plans to come back in the warmer months so I can see their outdoor exhibits as well.
5	If you are a secret romantic at heart like me, then the minute you see that giant glass conservatory you will fall in love. It was created in 1893 , right around the City Beautiful movement, and it's Victorian structure will flood your mind with idyllic images of unrequited romance. On a more serious note, the selection of plants its amazing and there are a verity of different rooms to ensure that every second is entertaining. The butterfly room is filled with fluttering butterflies of all different types. Plus the nice older man that greets you at the entrance to the gardens is very knowledgeable. It's a great place for people of all ages, and it seems ideal for a wedding.
5	Beside the love of books, there's one other thing that Vladimir Nabokov and I have in common: we both adore butterflies.  The Stove Room in Phipps Conservatory has been my favorite place in Pittsburgh since I was a little girl.  Why?  Because it turns into the Butterfly Forest from April to September every year, and I've always been quite the amateur entomologist.  I'd estimate I've toured Phipps over a hundred times, and the Stove Room is always where I spend the most time.  I love the cases with cocoons from which  live butterflies emerge and the displays showing the difference between a monarch and a viceroy.  Tip: Wear bright hot colors (reds, oranges, pinks) and it's more likely the butterflies will land on you.Between the Summer Flower Show, the fall tulips, the orchid room, and the Chihuly glass displays, there's always something new and fun at Phipps.  In addition to taking out-of-town guests to see the flowers, I've brought little cousins with me.  Around the facility are some very cool exploration tables set-up for kids to do hands-on projects.  Outside, sprawls a big kid-friendly area with things for them to touch and climb on.  My cousins especially like the awesome indoor water fountain (where you can program your own light show!) and the yearly train display.  The Thai forest wowed my cousins and the adults--especially the huge lotus flowers and the waterfall.My sis got married at Phipps this summer.  (Of course, it was my first suggestion for a venue!).  The day started out overcast, but it cleared up just in time for the ceremony to happen outdoors.  The staff was very good about preparing storm alternatives for the ceremony, and they also made sure that the grandparents had somewhere cool to sit while the guests waited out the bad weather.Since I work in Oakland, on nice days, I take my lunch break in the public gardens, which--you guessed it--are always free to the people.  Phipps also usually has one day in August where the entire complex is open free of charge.
5	this place is unique and I always visit when I'm in the burgh. the new addition is outstanding. I like the way it's used as a teaching facility and changes to reflect different cultures or biospheres.
5	What a gorgeous place!  It's full of inspiration for the artist in all of us and I must have spent a solid four hours in there.  The butterfly room is beautiful and there are so many that it's not hard to find a few to take snapshots of.  I went with a friend and we were blown away by the Dale Chihuly pieces in there as well.  Overall, a beautiful way to spend an afternoon!
5	Having been to the Buffalo and Erie County Botanical Gardens, I had an idea of what Phipps might be like, but was blown away by my experience there.When we first entered, the main lobby had a gorgeous Chihuly glass piece hanging from the ceiling.  I became a fan of his work many years ago when there was an exhibit at the Albright Knox in Buffalo so I recognized it was his work almost immediately.  After stopping for the obligatory photo, we moved on into the main area of the gardens.  The domes of the gardens were lit with soft white Christmas lights and all of the pathways were illuminated by tea light candles.  A beautiful touch to add to the already fantastic atmosphere.  The first room we entered (the Serpentine Room) had a Nutcracker theme.  Each tree was decorated in the various themes of the dances of the popular Christmastime ballet.  There was the Russian tree, the Spanish tree, the Chinese tree.  Each meticulously decorated according to the theme.  I was disappointed I didn't have my camera with me but was glad my iPhone takes decent shots.  Buffalo has a reputation for being the "city of good neighbors" but Pittsburghers must be similarly inclined because every time it was apparent we were going to take a photo, there were offers to take one of both of us.  People even framed better shots for us and offered to hold our coats so they didn't disrupt the picture!  We ended up taking many more pictures than we probably would have because of the helpfulness of complete strangers.  Room after room, I continued to be impressed by the beauty of the plants on display and the settings around them.   The Nutcracker theme carried throughout the gardens and seeing the kids with their stamp activity books brought me back to experiencing the Nutcracker for the first time as a child.    I was also astonished by the number of Chihuly pieces scattered throughout the gardens and how they were embedded so cleverly into the landscape.  I especially enjoyed the gold star in the Desert room and various pieces scattered throughout the Palm Court.  I almost felt like I was on a scavenger hunt to see where I could spot the next Chihuly piece!  I really enjoyed the Orchid room and the Sunken Garden but the real highlight for me (aside from all the Chihuly glass) was the garden railroad.  This model train spanned across the whole South Conservatory room and had incredible detail.  I followed the trains around the massive layout with more wonder and excitement than the kids who were also in the room!  I also had a first time experience that evening - a kiss under the mistletoe (or, as it was labeled there, a "kissing ball").  After a photo in front of the huge Christmas tree in the Palm Court, we left Phipps with a lot of great memories and pictures.  I am sure I'll make a return visit, perhaps in the spring or summer
5	Ahhhh my senses are flooded my body is calm and I can actually feel the sun kissing my skin. I must be at Phipps, I love to go alone on a quiet day and enjoy snapping photos for cover photos for my Iphone or fb page :) You will feel like you are 12 again and stuck in your own secret garden, strolling through the little hidden walkways. Warning noisy college students can be found roaming but you can easily escape them by going to another room :) My favorite parts of Phipps? The rotating exhibits in the display rooms are cool but the orchids are awesome! I'm a daughter of a british green thumb so I know my plants from old english damask roses to the daytura to butterfly weed. So I am picky about plants and Phipps has something for everyone I don't know why it is not more packed. Great place to bring out of town family and friends its is truely a pittsburgh must see!Favorites: Orchids, Choclate Tree, Jasmine plant, Hibiscus trees, Magnolias and of course Dale Chulily pieces. Go to phipps! you wont regret it I promise, 12$ for adults to get in, Phipps is a best enjoyed on a sunny day.
5	When we're visiting a new place, we love to check out the botanic garden or conservatory. On our fourth visit to Pittsburgh, we decided the time was right to check out Phipps. Not only does Phipps have an outstanding display of plants, they have some amazing pieces of Chihuly glass integrated into the conservatory. One of the most stunning examples hangs in the entry way of the building.On a more practical note, there is free parking in the island area right on the street in front of the building. It may be a little tricky to find a spot but people returning to their vehicles seemed more than happy to make us aware they were leaving.
5	Beautiful! I love this place.
5	Amazing place. I'm not even a huge gardener, but this is incredible. Make sure you see it. I went early to get one of the numbered parking spaces they mention on the street that are free. Their lobby opens at 9, and the attraction opens at 9:30. At 8:45 the parking spaces there were still mostly open on a Wednesday morning. They have an outdoor garden that is already open, so you could spend time there until they open. I was disappointed no one on staff could tell me which plants were from the original exposition, but this is an incredible place to see.
5	What an absolute visual treat as a first-time visitor to the Conservatory and a newbie to Pittsburgh.  It is so aesthetically pleasing you won't mind the time it takes to tour the entirety of the exhibits.  There are so many areas, indoors and outdoors to take in from bonsais that date back to 1970 to the Chihuly chandelier in the grand entrance to orchids, ferns, cacti, and right now there's even a butterfly forest (though on a Friday evening all but 2 were sleeping).  I even had tea in the cafe which is very pleasantly decorated, but more than that, is green -- color and ecology-wise.  The gift shop looked quite inviting but as it was, we closed up the place so it will have to wait until another visit.
4	What a great way to spend an afternoon! :) The building itself is just gorgeous on the outside. I can't stress that enough. Unfortunately, the ponds on the outside weren't filled when we visted, but they're so cute when they are.I had a few free passes so we went and checked it out. I hadn't been there in a few years and it's still as beautiful as ever.You make your way, room by room, through beautiful flowers and gardens. Everything is clearly marked so you know what you're looking at.  The butterfly garden is always a hit - even for me, a hater of insects.The India exhibit is wonderful! Take your time going through there!A lot of the outside gardens didn't have much to offer, but we were there in early Spring. Visit later on and I'm sure they're gorgeous.This is also a place I can't wait to take my daughter when she's older. It seems like they really have a lot to offer kids! I noticed a play market area for kids where they could learn about fruits and vegetables. There was also what seemed like a play garden outside (but I could be wrong). When going there, even when it's cold out, keep in mind that it will be warm and somewhat sticky inside, so dress in layers! Wear comfy shoes, you will be walking. And don't forget your camera!!! :)I plan on going there every year! :D
5	I visited Phipps on a Sunday and to my surprise there was a farmer's market happening right out front. I wasted no time getting inline to purchase Italian Red Garlic. Phipps really offers a lot of creative programs and events for both the little ones and grownups alike.  I am looking forward to having brunch at Phipps too.  Which their website says is offered on select Sundays. Something tells me it's going to be just as special as the conservatory.  I live in a very depressed neighborhood and need to escape from reality and what better way then to be surrounded by flowers and plants?  On my last visit I was accompanied  by my kid sister. We had a ball.  I like doing educational things with the kiddies and this is the ultimate nature walk. Throughout the museum there are large glass sculptures and those were a real hit with my little sister, she's artsy.  The butterfly room is something special too. Actually every room in Phipps is great. Also it should be noted that students get a $1.00 off admission and kids under 18 are 9 dollars. Phipps is the perfect escape from stressful city living and a great way to teach kids about nature.
5	Never having been to a conservatory before, I was pleasantly surprised when we visited Phipps. The building and grounds were beautiful and the selection of plants they had was incredible. It's worth the $12 admission price and took about an hour and a half to walk through. It is definitely a must see for Pittsburgh
5	Beautiful botanical gardens! I've never seen so many beautiful flowers and plants in one place. It should be noted that Pittsburgh students get in free during the semester. I highly recommend it as a place to explore in Pittsburgh. If you are into photography, you can get some amazing shots here!
5	After living in Pittsburgh for over two years, I finally visited Phipps Conservatory for the first time this August with my in-laws. My first thought? Why have I not come here before!!!We visited on a hot day in August - it was well into the 80s. I definitely recommend a spring or fall visit, because some of the greenhouses were probably over 90 degrees (especially the desert one). We dashed through some areas very quickly since they were so warm. However, we all thoroughly enjoyed our visit!I plan on returning again sometime in the spring. It's definitely a place that Pittsburgh residents should be visiting once each year!
5	What a wonderful way to spend a few hours either by yourself or with family and friends.  Today it was me and my camera.  I haven't been here in awhile and I kept asking myself why?  It you have any appreciation for the beauty of plants, flowers, trees and the senses of site and smell go!  This is one of Pittsburgh's greatest treasures.  With the holidays here the folks at Phipps do some of their very best work.  Each room or area is different and beautiful.  Some with holiday themes and others with nothing more than their own beauty to enjoy.  The orchid room is absolutely my favorite.  I went during the day and didn't get to enjoy the light show that runs from now til January 6th.  It's $12 for adults, $9 for kids 2 to 18 and free 2 and under.  I'll be bringing my daughters here in the very near future to discover Phipps and all of it's beauty and charm.
5	I adore Phipps. I may be more of an animal lover than a fan of botany, but Phipps always (at least briefly) makes me want to go home and plant some flowers. Of course then I get home and I remember that my garden will never compare to this massive greenhouse, and I will never have the hours of time and dedication available that the staff here do.The first time I realized Phipps was special, and just as fun as the Carnegie museums here in the city, was when the Dale Chihuly glass display exhibit came through. I was just leaving high school and thought it was an amazing, eye-opening exhibit. The fact that some of his pieces are still at Phipps is a wonderful reminder about the time I learned to love the greenhouse after years of somehow just not caring about it.Since then, I've made up for lost time. I always visit Phipps once during every special exhibit - spring, summer, fall, winter, butterfly forest, I'm here for all of them. Plus, since Pitt students can enter Phipps for free, for four years I would visit every couple of weeks during the winter months just so I could get some color into my otherwise dreary winter days; the bright flowers, fresh air and the aromatherapy that's created in any bustling greenhouse was the perfect way to combat Pittsburgh's cold and cloudy weather.My favorite exhibit ever put on by the conservatory was their around-the-world tour, which involved creating "green" and/or floral displays of famous landmarks. As a study abroad alum, seeing vine-ridden phone booths from London sitting Phipps absolutely made my day. This year's winter display, while not my favorite or the most elaborate, is absolutely beautiful as always, and I highly recommend going and taking advantage of Phipps' late holiday hours while they last!
5	We recently discovered that during the period when Phipps has their "famous" flower shows, ie. Christmas, etc., they have a Sunday Brunch.  What a wonderful find.  My husband, 24 year old daughter and I decided to give it a try on the last Sunday that it was open for the winter show - don't worry, it re-opens in March.  It was $24.95 (this includes the tax and gratuity, all beverages excpet alcoholic drinks). Oh, this also includes the garden tour - stay all day if you like! Walk around and burn a few calories!  This is nothing like Vegas casino buffets.  It's very limited, but the food is amazing and it's fresh, sustainable, and in most cases, local. There was still plenty from which to choose and there was a lot I didn't get to try simply because I didn't want to overdo it!  But I did try quinoa/pumpkin type of oatmeal and it was great!  (I had heard a lot about quinoa, but never tried it).  I also had an amazing lemony piece of chicken, huge shrimp cocktails, smoked salmon (loved it) and other unique items along with familiar things.  They had the best desserts I've ever seen on a buffet - very light and delicious - the bread pudding and crepes were expecially delicious.  As my daughter said, this was one buffet that you did not leave feeling like you were all sluggish and needed a nap.  They have two seatings - one at 11 and the other at 1.  The room is not large, but if you ask me, it was perfect.  You do need reservations and they take your card info over the phone so it's all taken care pf when you arrive.  (You pay your server directly for mimosas and Bloody Marys).  We can't wit until March to go again.  We will never go back to Rivers - never did think it was so great.  This definitely has a lot more class, plus you get the flower show!  We will probably still go to The Grand Concourse (because we love it), but now we have a great option!
5	I recently went to Phipps for a milestone birthday. I totally enjoyed every moment with my family and friends. The orchid show was spectacular,  This is a Pittsburgh treasure.
5	I came here a while back for the holiday display and had a tremendous time.  The gardens are simply spectacular.  When it's cold and crappy out, it's nice to meander through the warm tropical gardens of the conservatory.  You'll be impressed by what you'll see.
5	What an awesome way to spend a weekend afternoon, in all seasons too! It's especially nice to visit the Conservatory in the Winter, when the weather is gloomy, because the indoor gardens have a way of lifting ones' spirits. Our child simply loves looking at all of the different flowers, plants, and other attractions. My personal favorite is the Japanese garden, with the Bonsai placed carefully on their little benches. The Kids' activity center outside is a real hit with the young ones as well - we shall definitely keep visiting often! Memberships are a good value, and make visiting all the more enjoyable!
4	I tried to go here on a Saturday but it was hard to find a parking space. There is some free parking right in front in a median car parking island, otherwise you can park along the street but you have to self-pay, I'm not sure what the hours for parking were. I ended up going back on Sunday before my flight out, I wasn't sure if it was open but it was a nice day so found some free parking out front, walked around in enjoying the start of spring and headed inside. Admission was $15 which isn't too bad, I spent probably 2.5-3 hours going through all the exhibits. Being April, most of the outside exhibits were either closed or wouldn't be sprouting for a few months. Inside was fantastic, plenty of variety and the colors and the smells made the winter blah's disappear.It's located in one corner of Schenley Park and there is a lot of green being almost in the middle of the city and walking trails in the area.
5	If there is a job out there that involves walking around the Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens and just commenting on how nice everything is, get ready for my application.  This place is nuts.First, let me say that it's EXPENSIVE.  $15 to get in the door.  But, it was $15 well spent so the expensiveness didn't even stand out to me.  I've blown a lot more on crappy movies that leave me unsatisfied.  We were in there for at least two hours, and there were so many things to experience here beyond the usual bo-garden experience of room after room of obnoxiously beautiful plant life.  There were plants to smell, birds to touch and let walk on you, children's gardens to play in, living butterfly exhibits to feel like a child again in.  Hanging out here, I really had FUN.  Even just looking, there was so much--bonsais, edible plants, cacti, a French garden, etc.The gift shop is also nice and affordable.  Creative, unique stuff.Free parking in a certain part of the lot is available for patrons, which is just plain kind.
5	This is a MUST see, MUST do for all local residents of and visitors to Pittsburgh. We are lucky to have such a beautiful and historic place like this in our city.
2	Not much too say here.  You have to pay 15 bucks to get in and this was definitely not what I expected after most places I've been to don't charge.
5	A very beautiful and peaceful spot!  It's like an Oasis in the heart of Oakland!
5	If you like gardens, you'll like this place.  Well laid out and a decent cafe as well. A great way to spend the afternoon.My only complaint (a minor one) is the inconsistency of the labels on plants. Usually they are labeled, but many times, not. Tips:-Arrive early, before the usual crowds. The butterfly garden is better when it's quiet and still.-Just keep turning right, and you'll see everything.-Parking is out front and limited, but pay spaces exist.-Arrive before the school kids. Talk about loud...
5	Yes it's expensive.  OK, now that we're through that hurdle, the gardens and displays at the Phipps make the botanical gardens anywhere else in the US look like my overgrown unmowed back yard.  This is the queen of all botanical gardens, and even if you're not a botanical garden person you will be a Phipps Conservatory & Botanical Gardens person.
5	I really love this place! It is truly beautiful and lots of things to learn/look at. They also change it up often, so it's definitely a more than once experience.I don't know about the price because Pitt students get to go for free. I would definitely recommend a visit!
4	I'm a fan because of the University pass I get for being a student. For free this place is an amazing place to visit. I haven't been here during winter but I heard that they really deck the place out with christmas decor. I really haven't been here as often as I should, but it is a good place to sit and clear your mind. The air just feels more fresh (perhaps all the plants) and usually there isn't a large crowd. The location is great! Right next to Schenley Park so after taking a hike on some trails hitting the Phipps Conservatory afterwards is a treat. This place is great for kids (not that I have any) but I have observed enough to see that the kids go insane for the giant railroad game that they have in the middle of the conservatory.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place, so much so that I have a membership, which I highly suggest purchasing. Even if you only went 4 times a year for the season changes, it is well worth the money. It is peaceful, beautiful and relaxing. The Christmas show is amazing and I cannot wait to see it this year!
5	I've been here a number of times and always enjoyed myself, but I'm compelled to finally write a review due to the hullabaloo surrounding Romero, the rare corpse flower they're currently experiencing. The way they've handled Romero highlights one of Phipps's best features: they really make an effort to connect with the community. In anticipation of the flower's 48-hour blooming period, they used social media well to keep people informed (loved Romero's twitter account!), and then when the flower finally did bloom, they kept the place open until 2am to give as many guests as possible a chance to see it. I went in at 1am with some friends, and it was worth every minute of the half hour wait in line. The docents gave us lots of info, as did the many humorously written signs posted along the way. It was so cool to crowd in and have this experience with so many fellow city residents. Keep it up, Phipps!
5	I sprung for the membership last year, which is a bargain of insane proportions. If, like me, you like to wander around gardens (perhaps armed with your notebook and/or camera) at random times, the membership is amazing. A double membership (for you and one other person - I opted not to get a name on the second card so I can bring any date I choose!) is only $75 a year. Basically, it pays for itself after just a handful of visits.I am a Phipps nerd. I mark things excitedly on my calendar like, 'FALL FLOWER SHOW!!!!' and 'MINIATURE RAILROAD OPENS TODAY!' with billions of little hearts around it.And what I love about Phipps is that the staff is *just* as nerdy about plants as I am.Phipps is committed to making botany cool and interesting. They bring in new stuff and constantly change and improve with each new season. And they're NAILING the social media thing - recently, their corpse flower, Romero, was doing one of his very-rare (and very-smelly) blooms, and not only did they stay open until 2am on back-to-back nights to let us all in to experience the stench, they alerted us all via Twitter, Facebook, and email instantly so the maximum number of people could take advantage of this uncommon occurrence. They even sold t-shirts for the occasion (I got one of course) and ran special events like Romero-tinis and stinky cheese plates, and a few showings of Night of the Living Dead in stinky-flower-vision!(I would be remiss if I didn't mention the moment I got all teary-eyed waiting in a half-hour-long line to see Romero and just kept saying, 'Look at all these people coming to experience my garden!!!' I was so proud of *my* little botanical wonderland getting so much attention!)On to the details!Phipps brings in different flower shows for each season. They're all great, but the winter one is usually my favorite. They have an outdoor light garden you can visit, and all of the rooms are decorated for the holiday season. They frequently integrate art into their garden features, bringing in national and local artists, and often keeping remnants of past shows on display after the next show comes in.And you should never just visit Phipps once - you need to do a daytime and a nighttime visit to get the very most out of it. Daytime is relaxing and rejuvenating, and you get a great chance to explore all of the plants up close and personal. But at night, the gardens transform into a magical fairyland that's just out of this world. The Serpentine Room is one of my favorites to visit at night - the fairy lights above the gardens transport you to a secret, beautiful world. The gardens are open until 10pm on Fridays, and they often have other specials running on Friday evenings as well, like live music, dancing, and wine events. During the winter flower show,they are open late most nights so you can get the full effect of all the holiday lighting and candles.There are both indoor and outdoor sections of Phipps, and another favorite spot of mine is the outdoor Bonsai garden and pond. There are benches there, and as long as the weather holds up, it's one of the best places in the City of Pittsburgh to sit down with a notebook and do some writing.There's a lot of information about sustainable gardening and farming integrated in the displays and also promoted by the staff, and every effort is made to keep things 'green'. The docents are plentiful and super helpful. I know I talk their ears off sometimes asking questions, but I always appreciate it!Also, here's a little hidden secret: if you're a member, you get unlimited visits to the gardens, so stop in on a day when Phipps is between shows. You might have limited access to certain rooms, but you can watch the magic as the new displays are being set up, and you can chat with the botanists on duty about what they're planning and get a great preview of the upcoming flower show. It's generally less-crowded on those days as well, so you have more time for photography and writing or sketching without feeling like you're in someone's way.They have a cafe and gift shop on site (and the cafe serves wine), and during the summer months, there is a weekly farmers' market on the grounds outside of Phipps.I think we Yinzers often take for granted what a magnificent resource we have at Phipps, and that's why I love my membership so much. At any time, I can slip away from city life and wander the grounds of a magical, earthy world and get my dose of nature after just a short bike ride. So, you know I'm pretty dang grateful that 'unlimited visits' really means 'unlimited' lol.
4	I will agree on that it is a biit pricey to come in, but then, who will pay for all this beautiful flowers if not the once that adores it!? pretty fair when i give it a second thought. i wonder how many thoughts they put into making this place GREAT! when im traveling i allways end up visiting botanic garden but theres really no place like home:) depending on the season they bring out the best they can come with i think!
5	Whoever had the idea to display the glass artwork in the gardens here was a genius. If you are in Pittsburgh and only have time for one attraction this is a must. Their Orchid garden is AMAZING. I agree that the labeling of species could be better, but even if you find plants completely boring you will likely be impressed by the displays. In a place where the sky isn't always blue, this certainly is a bright spot.
1	We attended a wedding reception here in June, 2013.  I was going to let it slide, but I've changed my mind.  We were really looking forward to the dinner because we had had such positive experiences at the Sunday brunches with delicious food.  Not so much at the wedding.  No where to sit during the long (over an hour) cocktail hout.  Servers  would come out with maybe 10 appetizers on a tray and would be attacked by the first few peopole they passed.  I actually only got two tiny appetizers the entire time.   When we finally went into the room (same room where the brunches are hel), we we very disappointed in the total LACK of decor.  Absolutely nothing to indicate that there was anything speciazl - let alone a wedding - going on.  No centerpeicesd - might have been the couple's decision - I don't know.  Dinner was not served for almost 1 1/2 hours - we were one of the last tables to be served.  My chicken was over-cooked (actually hard on the edges - couldn't cut) and ice cold.  A guest at our table had steak - and couldn't chew it and it also was cold.  The salads were so under-dressed that we questioned whether they had any dressing at all.  It was a huge dissapointment.  The groom was visably not happy.  For what they paid per person, we shuld have had exceptonal food and service.  Both were sorely lacking.  Sure, it's impressive to say you attended a receptiuon at Phipps, but the people who attended were extremely underwhelmed and definitely disappointed.  My heart went out to the couple!
4	Lovely gardens, but a lot was closed for new exhibit installations and a special event. The map of the grounds is misleading, though. I thought it was going to be a lot bigger than it was! Nonetheless, it was a nice way to spend an hour or so. A side show to the entertainment was this snotty guy on a date with this vapid girl. There was a lot of entertaining eye rolling on our part. Girl: Can anyone come here?Boy: Well, anyone can come here, but the people who CHOOSE to are...(bumps into me, loses train of thought) - walks off-My friend to me: I want to know who chooses to come here! Me: I know, my bad... I wish they sold bonsai trees here, though. That's my two cents for their gift store merchandising person. There's lovely bonsai trees on-site, I think a lot of people would want to take one home!
5	The best time to come to Phipps is during the winter light show or during spring when the flowers are blooming. This time, I came during the winter light show. It was so beautiful. There were different arrangements of poinsettia all over, with all different styles and colors. My favorite part is the display of lights in the back garden. So romantic and definitely fueled that holiday spirit inside me. It was like walking through a winter wonderland.
5	I grew up near Longwood Gardens-if you are unfamiliar this is one of the top botanical gardens in the U.S. located in Kennett Square. I think Phipps gives it a run for their money. Phipps is just the perfect size where you can easily walk around in 1-2 hours.  Great spot to take kids as they have an outdoor children's garden. Love going around the holidays to see the winter flower show and holiday decorations. They also have some really cool events including Night in the Tropics a +21 event on select Friday evenings with a DJ, beer and food for purchase.  In addition, I highly recommend the brunch! This really is the best kept secret in Pittsburgh. The brunch is $29 which includes tip and tax and admissions into Phipps. What a great deal! The food is fantastic-they have an omelet bar, carving station, dessert table and one table of breakfast food and one of lunch options.  The sticky bun French toast in amazing!
4	Cool place in Pittsburgh to see a wide range of flowers, plants, and trees year round.  The building itself is pretty cool as well being that it is a conservatory that was built in the Victorian style during the 1800s, very nice to see.They have different shows during the course of the year.  This time I went to see the Christmas light show with beautiful lights outside and lots of poinsettias inside.  It's always interesting to go back and see what is on display.
5	Phipps continues to be a favorite stop during the holidays.  I love their flower displays and the beautifully decorated Christmas trees.  The evening candle light tour is so special.  We love all the different variations and arrangement of poinsettias.  The decorations are wonderful.  This year's favorites were the wooden horses and the reindeer sculpture.  Also loved all the aromatic paperwhites and amaryllis plants.  And of course, the railroad is very cool. Even the tropical forest was included as part of the evening tour.The outdoor Winter Light Garden is amazing.  This year's display had a lighted tunnel and also a fountain covered in lights.  BJ liked playing among the glowing orbs and watching the "dripping" icicles lights.  It was a lot of fun walking all the pathways through the beautiful lights.  Very romantic!
5	This is a wonderful place to visit.  I have heard about for many years and finally decided to go.  It is $15 for an adult to go and was very worth the money.  We spent about 1.5 hours here, and although we went in the winter and the conservatory was between shows (Christmas and Orchid/tropical Bonsai show), everything was still very enjoyable to see.  I imagine this place is much nicer still in the summer with an outdoor and a rooftop area.  After 1 trip I have already purchased a $55 yearly pass (excellent deal?)
5	I recently moved from Maine and walking though Phipps reminds me a little of home.  I could live at Phipps!  I love Phipps!!!
5	I went with my girl friend for the Phipps lights running from sometime in December until around January 12th ( or mid January) since my boyfriend suddenly had a family emergency.It was a rather cold day but we made it as the front foyer welcomed us with a beautiful line green, and bright yellow glass chandelier which swirled this way and that. We are both Pitt students and therefore had free admissions.We were told to sty to the right and so following the front admissions lady's suggestion, we went through a double door and walked about a mile of magical Christmas  lights, glass displays and well Ofcourse- of plants. The air smelled so fragrant with floral, fresh, moist, and clean air. And the sight was glorious. Each room, each area, each display was incredible. Words cannot describe it was so breath taking. Highest recommendations for a date. Same for even a girls night out! I will add pictures which still don't serve justice to the magnificence of our experience there. It's great for children who love Christmas lights, senior citizens, college students and everyone else !
4	Definitely a mainstay and a must see. As a graduate student I have the fortunate opportunity to visit Phipps during the school year for free, and I wish that I took advantage of this more- hell, I'm a plant biologist who works two blocks from the building! Nevertheless, I've been to Phipps twice and had a great time both visits. It's great to be able to take an afternoon to walk around the grounds; it's very peaceful, tranquil to go alone, or a fun place to take friends or family that visit the city. The tropical exhibit is an obvious highlight- and being a tropical plant biologist myself, I am impressed with everything they have there (however, they tend to throw the kitchen sink at you with every tropical plant imaginable arranged in my opinion in no particular taxonomic order). The glass pieces are beautiful, picturesque pieces that are perfect for the cover of a postcard or a website. Undoubtedly worth a visit, particularly in the spring or summer where everything outside is in bloom.
4	We spent a long weekend in western PA to celebrate a new job for hubby, and everyone said Phipps was a must do for Pittsburgh.  We didn't have time during the day, but we did sneak here for the Party in the Tropics on a Friday night.  What a neat way to visit!  While it is a bit dark, it's quiet and fairly empty, so you have parts of it to yourself at moments.  And having a cocktail and dancing down in the tropical area is a lot of fun.  I'd love to go back during the day to better explore the gardens, but it was still a great visit.
5	Got married here, every aspect was perfect. The food catering was excellent (though very expensive). their cafe for when you tour is also very good. Definitely one of my favorite places in Pitt now that I live here (grew up in Mich, lived in Miami). Awesome place to go during the winter to escape the cold grey outside.
4	Very cool place and a must do if you are visiting Pittsburgh for the first time like we were last fall.  We only spent a couple of hours and that's really all you need to allocate to get the full experience.  I'm sure you could spend a full day if you wanted but it's not necessary.  Fun thing to do as tourists and even locals would agree that this attraction is worth checking out.
2	I was really excited about visiting Phipps, but I have to say that I was disappointed.  Two things put me off:  they were having a plants and music exhibit, so there was rather loud music in several of the domes.  I go to botanic gardens for plants and not loud noises, so I didn't stay long in those domes at all.  I was also disappointed that when I asked about reciprocity with my local botanic gardens membership, the admissions lady rudely let me know that Phipps didn't have reciprocity with ANYONE.  Ok.  I get it.  But you don't have to be cranky about it.
4	When there's knee deep snow outside and the weather is bordering on past freezing, this is a little haven of warmth and happy. So long as you aren't allergic to flowers.They have a multitude of wings that you can go explore, a water fountain where you get to choose the height and colour of the water with buttons, small fishies in ponds in the orchids room... and the orchids. Oh my. There were some that reminded me of home... Especially in the area where they had more desert type plants. Their in house cafe has some weird assortment of foods, however it will keep you full and happy.They also have a gift shop that you can get some momento's from if you so want.
5	There is an amazing variety of plants for sale at this weekend's May Market. Where else can you find the entire community of growers selling their most beautiful flowers, exotic and native plants, and healthiest garden crops in the city? There is no other place to find this variety and this much fun at an outdoor market in the city!
4	If you are visiting Pittsburgh you should make a pit stop at Phipps. Went today, the flowers are beautiful and the butterflies were really active. Definitely worth the trip to see it and all of the seasonal shows are wonderful but spring and winter will always be my favorite.
5	I've lived in Pittsburgh for 7 years and this is by far my favorite place to take any friends or family who are visiting from out of town. It's peaceful, beautiful, quiet, and you can lose yourself for a few hours. It's definitely worth checking out.
5	The old structure opened in the late 1800's and is in a park in the urban center which also contains the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University. What an interesting collection of flowers. I didn't catch how many different plant spices are represented but it must be ten thousand. The collection is broken up into logical groups such as spices, eatables, Japanese garden, roof garden, butterflies, orchids, and on and on. The web site says you can visit the gardens in 90 minutes but take a little more time so you can read the signs.
5	A must visit if you're in Pittsburgh. Spent a few hours here and it was well worth it. Parking was extremely easy on the street (metered parking). Students have discounted admission. They also have a cafe that is reasonably priced upon entering the conservatory doors.
5	Beautiful. It was a fun afternoon with the kids.
5	One of my all time favorite spots in the burgh to just relax and chill. No matter the season, but winter is the best time to come here and escape the gray, damp, cold of outdoors and bask on the warmth of this divine place. The cafe is wonderful!  Everything is do fresh and tasty. It's a vegetarians best kept secret.
5	I always feel like a Victorian lady when I come here! Pricey to get in if you aren't amember or a student, but worth it imo. The rooms are beautifully arranged and always just smell WONDERFUL--I want to bottle the smell of Phipps and sell it as perfume! My favorite rooms are the orchid room, the Indiagarden, and the Broderie room, where Iwant to get married someday. Speaking ofromance, this would be a really cute place for a date. Get on it, datey types of Pittsburgh!
5	We are so fortunate to have this gem in our city! Every room is filled with hundreds of different species of plants, and Phipps has something for everyone to enjoy!
4	Phipps is another of PGH's unique attractions.  It's a conservatory--a glass building hosting all manner of plants, and even some butterflies.  I've visited many times at different times of the year, and there's always something new and interesting to see.  Last year at around this time, it was the corpse plant--I came during the second day it bloomed, and the smell had already faded, but they kept some of the oil in a small vial so that people could smell it (pee-yew!).  The winter holidays are a great time to visit, since they string up lights in the courtyard over all the plants--very romantic!The main exhibits include a tropical room, a desert room, a sunken garden, and the main atrium, which is decorated with some Dale Chihuly works that appear like glass flowers in the foliage.  There's even a food-themed room specifically for kids.  I haven't been lately, but last year during the fall, they had a large dinosaur-themed miniature railroad that was a lot of fun.  During the summer, there are also butterflies in one of the rooms, which are fun to watch fluttering around.  Of the permanent exhibits, my favorites are the tropical room and the sunken garden--the former because I find the plants most intriguing, and the latter because it's so romantic and soothing.If you enjoy plants, flowers, or nature, you'll love Phipps.  I always enjoy my time here, no matter who I come with or what time of year it is.  My only minor criticisms are (1) admission is a bit on the pricy side for non-students ($15) and (2) there isn't as much outdoor landscaping as I'm accustomed to at these types of places (I'm from DE, so my standard of comparison is Longwood Gardens).  This is a great place to bring out-of-town visitors or for a date, so be sure to swing by to stop and smell the roses!  4.5 stars.
5	It was fun and relaxing. Reminded me of a bigger version on the franklin conservatory.  Fun for kids and adults a like. Good for a field trip or maybe a fun date with the SO. Would def recommend to see if you get a chance. Some of the outdoor views were really fun to experience.
5	This is a great place to check out in Pittsburgh!There's free parking along the median so that's always a plus!This place is pretty spacious and it was interesting to see the Chihuilly art installations scattered throughout the conservatory. It's a great mix of art and botanical installations to check out. There's also trains involved in what seems like all the sections of the conservatory and its interactive too as you can press buttons to make the trains go. It's also a great mix of indoor and outdoor space as you weave through each section, suddenly you are on a rooftop garden and you didn't even realize you are that far up!I would love to come back here to visit as it looks like they do change up the decorations and art for all the sections. It's open till late in the evening so looks like this would be an awesome date spot!
5	Who couldn't love Phipps? Phipps is a beautiful conservatory with a lot to see! The layout is beautiful and keeps your attention with different rooms, plants, and structures. The butterfly room has always been one of my favorites. With the environmental issues in the world, it is hard to come by many butterflies in the city, so to enjoy them in an intimate and beautiful garden is nothing short of stunning! The staff is always pleasant. Free parking can be found in the middle of four lanes leaving or going toward Oakland, so it can be challenging finding an available spot, but there are parks near by you could park at, or meter parking. There is always a different theme at Phipps, some more desirable than others, but these themes keep Phipps fresh and exciting! I would recommend Phipps to anyone who is looking to experience something different and captivating! I've been going to Phipps as a child and never hesitate to keep coming back!
5	Very wheelchair friendly.  A really incredible place all year.  I adore the train set up especially.
4	I just came back from Phipps for their RAD event and I was so impressed! I've visited here one other time before and this experience totally beats it! The last time I was here was in the winter so the outdoor exhibits were basically non existent and what we saw indoors was all pretty basic. This time was so much more interesting. Not only was everything open, but they had some new really cool exhibits I got to experience as well. My favorite part was probably the outdoor garden. They had every food you could think of that grows out of the ground available to see. It sounds funny, but even something as simple as seeing a carrot grow out of the ground fascinated me. I'm a city kid! What do you expect?! I also loved that desert room. They had awesome cactuses and other cool plants that made you feel like you were walking through Arizona. I will say, I anticipated on seeing more flowers as opposed to plants. There was only one full room dedicated to flowers - all gorgeous, by the way - and a few here and there in between exhibits. Maybe it's because of the time of year we went. Not sure? If you have extra money to spend, definitely check out their one-of-a-kind gift shop. They have beautiful glass pieces that are stunning as well as other cool odds and ends.
5	An absolutely stunning place to visit. Make sure to dress cool though, as it is rather humid once you're inside.There is a wide variety of plants, and the Butterfly room was a ton of fun to walk around and follow the butterflies around. The sculpted glass art is tasteful and blends in with the arrangements rather well. The miniatures and train sets on display add a whimsical touch as well. All in all, if you want a relaxing hour or two, go see it. Bring a camera too!
5	Beautiful place to go. Small and elegant in its own unique way. Will be going back again when my lo is a little older, fun for children to play and explore also.
5	Easily the most stunning place to go visit. I am fortunate enough to have free access as a student, however, the price whatever it may be to get in is so worth it. The gardens are so well kept and range from a dessert room to a room full of orchids. It is easily a location that everyone, no matter the age would enjoy. Spending time in the gardens is incredibly peaceful. Additionally, they decorate according to season and around the holiday time decorate accordingly. Furthermore, in the spring/summer there is a butterfly garden and the out door gardens are accessible. Stunning!
5	Absolutely beautiful. U can take as much time as u like. Many very pretty unique flowers & different rooms
5	Pittsburgh had a lot of money at the right time in history and this spot is one of the amazing results of an era far gone.It can be expensive for many - so I'd suggest that if you want to get your moneys worth, don't plan on rushing through the place.  Enjoy the stroll through the different zones, take in the scent of an orchid, enjoy the warmth in winter, read the name tags and picture the habitats in Brazil or Australia or anywhere that these plants come from!While you are there, don't forget to take in the amazing architecture of the place and think about it's history!  There is a newer addition that although is nice, it isn't as special to me as the more intimate paths of the older sections.Even though I haven't been to many other conservatories, I imagine Phipps as being up there with some of the best in the U.S.
5	Such a beautiful venue! So glad this is here and can't wait to visit each season. The Xmas display is absolutely gorgeous. Buy a glass of wine and stroll around! Thank you Phipps!
5	Rica and I went to Phipps because the Museum of Natural History was shut, but we'd already paid for parking. The plant exhibits are pretty and informative. The decor was festive. You can see the whole place by only making right turns. I liked the orchids and the snowmen-made-of-pine-branches wedding display. The bonsai display was partially blocked. The men's bathroom was clean, with large dividers between the urinals.
4	Neat place if you're into unique florals.  Very little explanation for most plants - just a placard - though I may have missed a guided tour or something.  Winter lights show is pretty cool.  Big space, would be great for special events.Warning, winter lights show is very crowded on the weekends.  Right across from a stellar park during the daytime.  Parking is abundant on the street and at the conservatory.  Amazing view from the gardens of downtown.Enjoy!!  Well worth at least a first visit if you have a day or two in Pittsburgh.
4	The conservatory is absolutely beautiful, but even with a student discount the entrance fee is a little steep.  I really enjoyed the winter exhibit and will definitely go back again.  The conservatory makes a great component of a date, but you'd want to at least combine it with coffee, a meal, or a drink - as beautiful as it is, there's only so much time you can spend here in an outing.
4	We went here on a rainy day in January, a perfect time for a stroll full of nature and history. The outside view of the Victorian glass greenhouses is distinctive and inviting. Visitors enter through a bottom floor and ascend to the top of the structure to begin the tour. It is a self-guided tour through many rooms of amazing and beautiful plants, trees, flowers, fruits, and decorations. I just enjoyed soaking up some green foliage in the middle of winter.Post-holidays is a great time to visit the Phipps because you can still view the holiday decor without the holiday rush of too many people. I love that you are allowed to touch and smell the plants and trees. I also enjoyed the interpretive information, the signs that identified plants etc. and gave some context and back story about some of the items in the collection--it is like a green museum. I was pleased to see a lot of parents here with little kids who were reading the signs to their children or having the children read to them.I will have to come back here to explore, esp. in warmer weather. Thanks, Phipps, for a fine Sunday at the Conservatory.
