5	Many American's have talent.  Terry Fator is one of the lucky ones to get paid for it.  However I shouldn't say he is lucky.  This man has worked long and hard to perfect a skill other's in Las Vegas claim to be the best at.  Fator takes this a step further: world-class impressions with the twist of ventriliquism in almost every song.  Having seen Danny Gans and Gordie Brown prior to this, while excellent performers they are, they do not hold a candle to Mr. Fator.Fator performs two to three night shows about every 30 days at the Hilton Theater, the stage upon which Elvis played many years ago.  This fits in well with one of Fator's "dummy's" who impersonates Elvis, eventually.  Other puppets range from Winston, the turtle, to Julius, an African-American puppet who teaches Fator the meaning of "Soul" music.Fator mixes in some of his own musical chops without the distraction of the puppets, showing he can truly mimic some of the great artist of our past and present, from Nat King Cole to Gnarls Barkley.  With the assistance of his puppets, however, he takes these songs and masterfully recreates the sounds of, say Elvis without ever moving his lips.The tickets for this show range from $55.00 on up to $186.00, the latter including a backstage pre-show meet and greet with Fator.  The performance tonight had him come out to sign autographs after the show but he does not do this every time.  Tonight happened to be his birthday so he was extra generous.  In the Fall of 2008 you will find him moving to the Danny Gans Theater (I'm sure the name of this theater will change) at the Mirage where he will be performing for the next 5 years (at least).  Danny Gans is moving to the Spamalot Theater at Wynn this Fall.Where ever you see him, be prepared to be amazed.
5	This guy is simply amazing!  Who knew that ventriliquilism could be so entertaining!?  Terry Fator is as good in person as he was on America's Got Talent, if not better.  His acts range from his puppets impersonating Elvis to Gnarls Barkley.  Very impressive and entertaining for any age group.  Ticket prices range from $70 - $200, the most expensive ticket includes a meet-and-greet with Mr. Fator himself.  I can forsee this act becoming a long term stay in Vegas.  Fabulous.  Absolutely fabulous, a must-see.
5	From cheesy Danny Gans. Terry was a breath of fresh air. I scored tickets to this slightly skeptical because I wasn't sure about America's Got Talent and the Hoff's decisions. I mean really when was the Hoff a great trendsetter...Oh wait he's big in Germany. I'll give him that. So sitting in the theater at the Mirage, it was comfortable and big. The seats were ok. They were filming so we had cameras all over the place. The Dj was a little cheesy and said to over act for everything. Which yea ok I get it, make the dvd exciting. But when Terry came out with his puppets....He's really good. REALLY GOOD. The turtle was adorable. Oh and definitely the whole Michael Jackson and Western puppet was hilarious. It's a family show, but with definite sexual innuendos that adults understand....and sexually gifted kids with a nose for innuendos because they're smarter than we think. Oh and yes that guy can sing. Great range...not American Idol material but Vegas Show....oh wait...yea.
5	Oh my goodness, hands down one of the best shows I've seen here in Vegas and I've seen practically all of them (which is my job).  I went during the preview performances, the opening week of his show not knowing what to expect.  I had not seen America's Got Talent (which he won), all I knew was that he was a ventriloquist. Which sounded lame-ish. HECK NO, I laughed my hiney off the whole time.  He has a great sense of humor, humble attitude and an amazing singing voice.  You leave with warm fuzzies & "thinking how does he do that?"GREAT GREAT GREAT SHOW!! Besides his adult humor through puppets (wouldn't suggest show for kids) you can tell he's so down to Earth and is genuinely grateful for the opportunity he's been given.  As it was a life dream of his. He seems like the kind of person I would want to be friends with. It's located in the Mirage Terry Fator theater, which used to be the Danny Gans (RIP) theater.  It's a pretty intimate theater, front to back 85 feet, so there really isn't a bad seat in the house.  There are 2 large Flat screens so you can see the detail of his puppets, so even if you sit back a little further, it wouldn't be horrible. His tickets are still reasonably priced, so see him before they go sky high, because they will go up, he's a wonderful performer.  The highest ticket price is a VIP seating which gets you a souvenir, picture with him & close seats.  But even if you pay bottom price, you definitely will not be disappointed.  Valet pick-UP typically takes a while at the Mirage, especially if you go on Friday or Saturday so expect to wait at least 20-30 minutes to get your car back.There is a concession stand inside the theater for overpriced beverages & snacks.  I got a cool cup with my expensive sodee.  Doors open typically 45 minutes prior to the start of the show, they suggest you get there, however, at least 1 hour prior to get your ticket, seated, etc.  But you can pick up your tickets before (days or hours before) if you want, as long as you go during the Terry Fator box office hours, which are different than the other box offices at the Mirage. GO! Go NOW!  :)***************************************************************************Update:I just saw the show for a second time (because it's one of my favs), HE CHANGES HIS SHOW!! How awesome! It's always refreshing to see a performer change things up, which is understandable, doing the same routine every night would be like banging your head into the wall.  It was just as great as the first time I saw it.  He's amazing!  I heart Terry Fator (Ferry Tator)  :DSide note: Before I wouldn't have suggested taking your kids, but there was a 9 yr old little girl in front of me who laughed just as much as I did.  He's got adult humor intertwined with the cuteness, so I don't think a smaller kiddo would get that.....there are references of weed brownies (he doesn't actual say weed) & a turtles snapper. He encourages you to takes pictures and video during and through out the show, which I'VE NEVER HEARD OF! Genius, you know people are going to go home and youtube it.  Free promotion!  Ticket prices have gone up since I first saw the show, but well worth it, you'll leave talking about it.
5	He. Is. Amazing.
5	This show was AWESOME! It probably was the best thing we did in Vegas. It was really great to see his talent in person vs watching it on America's Got Talent. It's so more impressive. He was very charismatic and fun to watch. It's so crazy he can sound like major entertainers without even moving his lips. You could close your eyes and you would think you were at say an Aaron Neville concert. That's how good he is. Book this show!!
5	Lost lots of  money in Vegas, I'm sure I paid for their light bills and some but Terry Fator made it seem all worth it.  He is not only funny, he is talented beyond belief.  There are so much compliments I could give him but not enough words to describe in the dictionary, if you're in Vegas, skip  all other shows, see Terry Fator no matter what age group you are.
5	Terry is extremely talented. One of the best shows I have ever seen in Vegas. The opening DJ act was awesome. A must see.....
5	This show was by far the most entertaining I have ever seen - and not just in Vegas. I've joined Yelp just so I can leave a review of this phenomenal experience... everyone should see this show!I never saw Terry Fator on America's Got Talent, but I chose to see the show based on the amazing reviews here on Yelp (not to mention it was nowhere near as pricey as a lot of the other shows). I was worried my expectations were too high, but I was definitely not disappointed. His clearly innate talent is complimented wonderfully by his stage presence, humor, and the work he has obviously put in to perfect his craft. I am still blown away by his ability to so closely impersonate famous singers - so fun to watch in and of itself - without ever moving his lips! So Fun!!!I wish I had more stars to give or more potent words to use to describe this show, but all I can say is... Go See This Show!!!!
5	My very jaded parents were in town and honestly they've seen nearly every major show on the Vegas strip (Love, Jersey Boys, Mystere, O, Phantom, etc, etc) and were looking for a "unique" show. I nervously booked this puppet show based purely on yelp reviews!None of us had ever seen America's got Talent or really heard much about this guy. The whole puppet thing looked pretty hokey to me, and I was pretty nervous about convincing my parents to drop $80/ticket on this guy! We were absolutely blown away. He's one of the most talented performers I've ever seen. He has a great voice with or without his mouth closed. It was funny and moved very quickly. It has great "mass appeal" if you will. I'd recommend it to nearly anyone.. it's such a great show. Thanks yelp!
5	Watched Terry Fator on AGT, he's actually the only one I've ever voted for and couldn't wait to see him in person. He is amazingly talented! Fantastic show!! He cracked jokes, sang on his own (sans puppets) and a wonderful ventriloquist . Absolutely loved everything in the show!Terry Fator is a MUST see!
5	Honestly, I walked out of the show... and was at a complete loss of what to say. This guy was simply amazing. He is a comedian, singer, impersonator, ventriloquist, puppeteer and manages to combine all of them into one very entertaining and greatest hits-type of show.It blew my mind that he was able to sing a duet of "Unforgettable" with himself while impersonating Nat King Cole's voice, while also maneuvering a puppet interacting with him and the crowd and simultaneously impersonate Natalie Cole's voice for the puppet's portions of the duet AND inserting smart aleck comments between himself and the puppet during the breaks in the song (Do you understand that? Does that description make sense? That's the level of talent integration I am talking about!!!). He does this with multiple puppets... each with their own history and personality. Again... amazing.His ability to impersonate voices is incredible. I have heard that he has many songs that he is able to perform on alternate shows, but a few of the highlights on the night I went were:   - Adam Levine from Maroon 5 (Really Makes Me Wonder)   - Cee-Lo from Gnarles Barkley/GooDie MoB (Crazy)   - Marvin Gaye (Let's Get it On)   - Etta James (At Last)He even performed a nice little Michael Jackson tribute in which he sang "Billie Jean" and, incredibly, "Ben."  I point these out because all of the aforementioned have particularly unique voices that can be identified and recognized... but he nailed them all.He also seems to be a very down to earth kind of guy. He doesn't emit that "superstar" vibe and seems to be very humble. There were a few times during the show when there was so much going on between him and the puppet characters he was playing that he would mess up a little. It was funny because he would have his puppets make fun of him or have the puppet say something funny like, "It's weird but I just cannot seem to talk whenever you start laughing." It could be due to the fact that he is still new to all this, however, during his show he mentioned the fact that he has been doing this type of routine on his own and way before "America's Got Talent" for at least 15-20 years. So, maybe a "regular guy" finally made it.They say timing is everything and, with the passing of Danny Gans, Terry Fator happened to get his timing right. But timing can only get you there, talent has to really kick in and maintain you. Terry Fator definitely has the talent to back up the fact he has not only replaced Danny Gans, but the "Danny Gans Theatre" has been renamed the "Terry Fator Theatre" as a tribute as well.Hands down... he is a must see.
5	Simply awesome. My mom has been a huge fan of Terry's since he emerged on AGT. Since I was going to Vegas with my gf mom highly recommended that we see the show, and we were not disappointed. Definitely the highlight of the trip (and we saw O, Mystere, and Ka as well!), Terry had us laughing and sitting there in awe as he belted out impersonations from Michael Jackson to Brooks and Dunne to Marvin Gaye. Even the DJ/Evolution of Dance guy at the beginning was awesome. I'm not gonna lie, part of the allure of his show is knowing his story; how he struggled for over 20 years, taking his act on the road, and finally getting his break on AGT. You can tell he's a humble guy, that he really appreciates the crowd, and above all else, loves what he does.This show should appeal to all age groups, and is definitely, hands-down, a can't-miss show if you're going to be in Vegas.
4	I wanted to try something a little different than a cirque show this time and this was a great show.  This guy is amazingly talented and funny.  My husband liked it even more than I did and I thought it was good.  He's really cool too.  He invites you to take pictures during the show and record your favorite parts!  By the end of the show you will feel like the puppets are really your friends!
5	I rarely rate things 5 stars, and I never really heard of Terry Fator or seen AGT, and Ka was not playing last night. I was amazingly surprised! REALLY great show, a lot of humor, mixed with old school songs, and current events that you can really relate to, I think one of the better shows I have seen in a long time. My favorite was the turtle =)
5	His show is top notch.  He is a very humble guy; it comes out in his performance.  As a person, you can tell he is truly one in a million; the same in regards to his talent.He has evolved his show to have stories, singing, humor, emotion, and fun.  After the standing ovation (which I'm sure he gets every night) everyone left with a smile on their face.  His show should be on everyone's to-do-list for Las Vegas.
5	so i did watch terry fator on AGT, and i must say, he's really improved in the couple years between his win and now.the past two times i've come to vegas, we haven't been able to get into his show... (couldn't believe that's how popular he was!) but this time, we finally had success!first thing to know- the theater is relatively small, so sitting in the second tier price range isn't bad. We were in row c (about half way up) and could see really well. he stands front and center the whole time- but just in case, there are two large screens on either side so everyone can see.as everyone else has said, he is really a humble, friendly guy.  you can tell he's worked very hard at his craft, and loves what he does. I was completely entertained-from the beginning with his wonderful dj, to the end where he welcomed everyone to stay and receive and autograph and photo with him.  i can't recommend enough for people to go see him- if you do, i hope you enjoy! (note- there are some adult-sexual and drug related jokes..i mean, this is vegas, so if your kids are young and watch sesame street and wholesome stuff, i'd leave them with the sitter.  i feel it's tasteful, however, if i had a 12 year old, i think i'd feel differently.)
5	Far and away my favorite show in Las Vegas.  I've seen everything, folks, and trust me, Terry is better than them.  So, first of all, while you wait for the show to begin, you start with a DJ behind what looks like a giant white iPod speaker dock, who plays classic sing-along favorites that encourage the audience to get in the mood.  Being an impersonator/singer, Terry really needs you to be able to know the songs and get in the mood for them, so this was a good way to do that.  Don't worry, he doesn't sing any of the songs in the pre-show.  Things like Sweet Caroline, YMCA, and the like will have you singing in the seats.  After he's done spinning tracks, the iPod dock goes away, and he does the Evolution of Dance routine from YouTube, which is impressive, and sets you up really well for Terry himself.  Terry starts out with an amazing Etta James song, and the laughs and the singing don't stop from then on.  He sometimes sings through a puppet without moving his mouth, which is incredible, and when the song calls for something more difficult, he'll sing as himself.  I've seen him three times already, and some of his jokes I'd heard that many times, and I still laugh out loud.  By far my most favorite part is the human puppet part.  I couldn't stop laughing, and neither could anyone else in the theater.  I'd pay the full ticket price just to see that act.  A final odd thing, though.  My friend and I were the only ones who were under 25 it seemed like.  It was full of a bunch of old people!  Maybe that's all who could afford it these days.  I admit you have to have a bit of knowledge of standards to fully appreciate him, but who doesn't love some older songs?  Go see him (If you can get a ticket.)
5	Worth every penny especially if you don't know who he is. If you don't know of him stop right here don't do any other research. Just go to the show and get ready to be blown away.
5	Awesome show! Terry Fator has definetely earn his spot on the Las Vegas Strip as the headliner for the Mirage. Probably one of the best comedy performances I have seen (And I have seen plenty... like Dane Cook live). First of all, I remember when the 'Terry Fator Theatre' was the Danny Gans' theater. They truly did a great job renovating. Terry Fator Theatre is very modern and plush, with great lighting and a stage that would remind you of a game show set. The crowd is warmed up by other comedy performers and  DJs, who plays a danceable mix of pop songs.Fator uses a series of TV-famous plushy, pop-eyed puppet characters, a crew of Muppets knockoffs. But trust me when I say, they are more entertaining than the muppets (they come closer to Avenue Q style puppets).  Fator shows his expertise in ventriloquism within the first five mins of the show, and his animated and expressive characters are a foundation for his true talent: He's a singing impressionist conjuring the distinctive sounds and styles of Garth Brooks, Rod Stewart, Etta James, Louie Armstrong, Axl Rose and even Elvis.He is very interactive with the audience, and performs songs that  everyone in the audience should know. Fator is undeniably talented, likeable and professional, and his act at the Mirage shows to be around for a long time.
4	Terry Fator absolutly hands down has amazing talent. And he has huge potential to get only better. However this is his first year at Mirage and show could be made a little bit more funny. I think that the best part of the  show was when he pulled someone from audience and made him sing. We got our tickets at half price at TIX4tonight by coca cola stand across Monte Carlo. I would definitly suggest doing it dunce they also have coupons for many hot spot restaurants in LV. Also they give you next day VIP pass so if you come back next day to buy other tickets you do not have stand in line + get even more discounts.
4	Terry is obviously a super talent, and an incredibly nice guy! We saw the holiday show, 2009. He sings best with his puppets, rather than solo.
5	Not sure what else can be said about Terry Fator that hasn't already been said by my fellow Yelpers.  I never saw him on America's Got Talent, so took the advice of other Yelpers and my husband and I picked his show as the one to see when we went to LV.  As if his talent, singing and creativity aren't enough, you can tell that he's just an incredible person - humble and so appreciative for everyone's support.  I sat in awe of his abilities for the whole show and loved every minute of it.  When he sang the Louie Armstrong song, i had tears in my eyes and goose bumps.The theater is amazing and there's not a bad seat in the house - we barely got tickets (probably got the last 2 seats they had) so we were in the back row and it was awesome!I would see him again when he changes his show - he's amazing!!!
5	This was such a great show!  I would recommend that EVERYONE go see it!  I went into it not knowing much about Terry Fator, and I was pleasantly suprised!  He was AMAZING and so funny!!!  Even got a Winston puppet on the way out!
5	Awesome, if you're in Vegas and you want to see a clean, fun and entertaining show, go see Mr. Terry Fator! amazing, amazing, amazing! What a talent! I would love to see him again.
5	AH- mazing!! Dont even think about it- GO!! He is so extremely talented and will leave you talking about it long after the show.
5	Great show! Every segment (new dummy) was entertaining! Kept it current interjecting a bit with Idol's Pants on the Ground song. Make a Wish was there and Terry did something very special for a young boy.90% of the show was similar to his DVD but well worth seeing it in person.
4	hearing that we were going to see a ventriloquist, my face got still & my eyes got wide. i didn't want any youtube videos or knew that he won america's got talent, so i was going in cold turkey. looking around, i saw many older people & wasn't sure if this would be up my alley. we were a group of 15 thirty-something girls. terry is beyond a guy with his hand up a puppet, he's truly an entertainer on many different levels. his shows encompasses a comedian, musician & actor. a triple threat indeed. his act is very timely & isn't appropriate for anyone under the age of 13... or one who isn't ready for any sort of sexual references/innuendos. i'm still cracking up thinking about some of his acts. he's an amazing singer... especially for keeping his mouth shut.
5	A pretty sweet bday present, Tickets to Terry Fator.Mr. Terry Fator is an amazing talent. The one word that would describe his show is "Wow". The audience becomes engaged singing along with the puppets and Mr. Fator. It has everything from comedy to music with a lil mix of current events.Unlike Most shows here in vegas, he will allow you to record lil segments. He knows that you snuck in your cameras (lol).Intimate venue, not a bad seat in the house...You really cant go wrong with this show. Also deserving some love is Mr. Fators Emcee, Mr. Harris. He gets the crowd warmed up and does the "evolution of dance" part II. So whats part II? You'll have to see the show....
5	Five stars come is not enough for this great show. Terry Fator puts on a brilliance show. He is probably one of the most humble big name stars you ever see. He has not forgotten about his 20 year struggle to make it to the big time and cares about his fans experience. He doesn't care if you take a picture or video tape your favorite part of the show. He and the Mirage donate ALL the profit from his gift shop to a military charity, And he will sign and take a picture till the last fan in line. There is a reason why he won America's Got Talent and signed the BIGGEST contract in Las Vegas history. He puts on a amazing show.
5	Great, great show. Terry Fator is a real, charismatic entertainer. Unlike many other headliners in Vegas, he isn't full of himself--quite the opposite in fact--it's obvious Fator is very happy doing what he's doing and it shows. I thoroughly enjoyed the show.
5	When my wife first told me she wanted to see somebody I never heard of play with puppets, I said "are you kidding?". After seeing this show I can only say that it was one of the best experiences I have ever had. I never watched the TV show he won (that is where she saw him) but now I wish I had. The show is absolutely fantastic in every aspect. And I like that he uses real musicians and not canned audio tracks. If you ever go to LV, this is a must see. Put it at the top of the list!
4	This show wasn't exactly what I was expecting, but was still very enjoyable. I went with a large group of 8 people and we had to order tickets a few months in advance. We ended up sitting in the very last row of the theater, which is fairly small. I would have expected better seats for $50+ but maybe I am just cheap. ;)Anyway, Terry was great and his live band was FANTASTIC. It made me sad that the only woman to grace the stage was wearing the tiniest outfits ever, but I guess that's what Vegas is all about.
5	This show is excellent. I wasn't sure what to expect when going to this show, I do not watch America's Got Talent so I wasn't familar with Terry Fator. I knew he was a ventriliquist and that many flocked to his show, but I still didn't get it. Well I was given the opportunity to come to a taping of his show, I'm guessing for maybe a television special or a new dvd and I was quite impressed. When you see these puppets you forget that there is a man controlling them. Each has their own unique personality and come to life right before your eyes. There was a new character that he introduced only days earlier for his anniversary show, a crash test dummy by the name of Wrex. No that isn't a wrong spelling.  He is hilarious.I definitely recommend this show even if ventriliquism isn't your thing, Terry Fator will make you fall in love with his puppets. The theater isn't that large so if you get a seat near the back it isn't terrible, plus he does have big monitors on either side of the stage to get a better look. If you must only see one show in Vegas, make this the one.
5	Great show! Terry Fator is one talented guy. The show is really fun and upbeat as he and his puppets sing just about every style of music. His impressions are fantastic and he throws in some pretty good comedy as well. I know his ventriloquism is outstanding, but I enjoyed his impressions even more. At times I even thought the puppets just got in the way.
4	I won comped tickets to see this show from ESPN 1100, so the price was already a good deal.The show started out with a DJ warming up the crowd, he played a good variety of songs that had people singing and clapping along, he ended his set with the EVOLUTION OF DANCE.Then it was time for Terry, now I will say I have seen several impersonators and several ventriloquists but this is the first time I have even seen a combination of both. The show was pretty rapid fire with about 6 different puppets plus Terry doing a few stand alone bits and songs, and a great part where he takes someone out of the crowd. I have to admit it was more singing than I expected, but he puts on one hell of a show. There were a few times when you forget that it's him singing all of the parts, and to make a puppet sing an almost dead on song while they do their impersonation of a celeb is insane. I don't know if I would ever pay full face for a ticket to his show, but I am glad I got a chance to see it. It was pretty much 90mins on the dot so it leaves enough time to still have a night out after the show. He was also really humble, and I don't think it was the fake sincerity that some celebrities have, he genuinely seemed to be having a great time doing something he loved. He let people take as many pics and vids as they wanted, seemed to go out of his way to make sure that everyone had a great time, and waited in the gift shop to personally take photos and give autographs with all that wanted them, and all around seems like a nice guy. If you want a good fun show, I'd check it out, trust me you could do a lot worse!!!
5	I've never seen America's Got Talent but heard Terry Fator was funny. What I didn't realize was that he's also a really good singer. Yeah he's a ventriloquist and the puppet thing might seem cheesey and campy, but the bottom line is he's funny and entertaining. This really is one of the better shows I've seen on the strip. He does a lot of celebrity spoofs -- like the Beatles, Elvis, and Sonny and Cher (which was the funniest skit of the night). The crowd was filled with people of all ages, even kids. But, I wouldn't recommend it for really young kids (under 10) as some of the humor might be over their heads.If you're going to see the show get the tickets from tix4tonight. Mine were discounted about 40%. They have locations up and down the strip. They'll give you vouchers that you have to take to the box office for seat assignments and the actual tickets. You can redeem those vouchers at either the Terry Fator theater box office or the one outside of the "Love" box office.
5	We went to see the show tonight.  This was my second time seeing Fator and my wife's first.  We both enjoyed the show a lot!    Fator has improved his delivery and stage presence since I saw him a few years ago at the Hilton.  The 90 minutes go by so quickly.The warm up DJ was a lot of fun, and his dancing is quite funny.  Fator's band is excellent and provides superb accompaniment for his singing.  The staging is well done and the big screens would help someone who wasn't near the front.All in all, this is a great show, lots of fun, smiles, and jokes.  Very enjoyable!
5	Saw Terry this past week. Simply amazing in every way. He is superb; the puppets are fantastic; the band is great; and this show is not to be missed. A winner.
4	Fun fact for my 100th review: Terry Fator and I grew up in the same town.I didn't know him personally (he was a little older than me), but I knew of Texas: The Band, and that he had made it big on TV, then became a headliner on the Strip.There are three things I noticed about Terry and his show:1.) He can impersonate an incredible amount of voices.2.) He has a great sense of satiric humor.3.) He's very humble, down to Earth, and comes off having those proper "small town" values.Terry puts on a good show, and he's likable.  He's not above self-depreciating humor, his humor is all ages (with a few jokes meant for the adults), and he's a guy that simply looks like he's just having fun on stage doing what he loves to do.From singing to jokes to impressions, to interactions with the audience, his performance was pleasant, light, and fun.  If you like puppets and ventriloquism, he does enough to provide a wide variety.  If puppets aren't so much your thing, he's still very funny, and has a great warm up act.I never review shows as I don't believe in spoiling the content or surprises (you pay good money for the tickets, you need to have a little bit of the unexpected to enjoy), but it's nice to see a good guy getting his dues for having some talent and heart... especially from the old hometown.  All I could think was "good for him", and he's done his old state proud.A good show.  More fun than I expected it would be, and well worth the time.
5	I you have limited time in Las Vegas and time for one (or two) show(s), you have to go see Terry Fator; I haven't laughed that hard in a while. Not only Terry is an amazing ventriloquist and humorist, but he is also an amazing singer and impersonator. You will not go wrong by buying tickets to this venue.
5	This guy is SO unbelievably talented. This show is a MUST SEE. My boyfriend and I hadn't even heard of him until we arrived in Las Vegas, but the concierge at the Bellagio HIGHLY recommended this show and I am so glad we went!!!
5	Terry is incredibly funny and incredibly talented as a comedian, as a singer and impersonator. Easily one of the best shows in Vegas right now. An absolute MUST SEE. Worth every single penny. The show's is really well produced too. A winner all-around.My advice on where to sit:  Even though the theater is not too big, try to get a seat closer to the stage so you can actually see Terry's face. Even though they have 2 large TV screens on both sides of the stage, the video and audio were slightly out of sync (not sure if this was the case only that night, or if it's a technical issue they don't have under control).
5	I have seen quite a few shows in Vegas (Cirque shows, impersonations, revues, etc) and Terry Fator's has got to be one of my favorites.I am a huge fan of all types of music, and Terry does not disappoint with his impersonations of iconic figures spanning on all genres and decades. Rock, R&B, country, pop, oldies... he does them all. I mean come on, here is a man who does a ridiculous amount of spot-on impersonations (while singing) with his mouth closed. Anyone who dares to tell you that this isn't a jaw-dropping feat should be slapped upside the head and removed from your Facebook friends list.As for the show itself - it is lively and entertaining. I think the best word to describe it would be FUN. It is laid back, doesn't take itself too seriously, and is there for you to have a good time. The relatively small stage (in comparison to major Vegas shows) allows you to have a somewhat intimate experience from all areas. I actually had the cheapest seats way in the back (but it was at the center) and still enjoyed the show immensely - heard and saw everything clearly even without the two giant screens beside the stage (though they helped a lot). Strangely enough, there are 4 of these seats kind of sectioned off with a balcony-like area so even though they were the cheapest, it almost like felt like we had private seating! This is a type of show that I believe you'll enjoy it no matter where you sit.Fator himself still remains as humble and down-to-earth as he's ever been. He had a very easy-going, genuine demeanor about him and the show itself uses little special effects or fancy stage distractions. The point is for you to really focus on Fator and what he's doing so that you may truly appreciate his talent. I loved that. The show was also surprisingly funny. Some of the humor was a little corny and he does utilize the 'have someone come on stage' audience participation thing that is reminiscent of comedic magicians, which my friend found a little cheesy as well. There is also a bit of adult/potty humor involved, but I'd still say bringing children is fine because they won't understand it much anyways (though really young ones might not completely appreciate what Fator is doing either).Also, if you are not a big fan of music from a variety of genres, this might not be the show for you. I am someone who listens to a wide range of artists, from Journey to Eminem to The Beatles to Garth Brooks to Fleet Foxes to Ne-Yo to the Stones and so on, and I am also a pretty big pop culture nerd in general. This all allowed me to enjoy the show that much more. I recognized every artist and song whereas my friend only recognized about half, which limited her enjoyment (because after all - you can't really appreciate an impersonation if you don't know what the original sounds like).So, my suggestion would be to go on YouTube and check out some of this guy's work. He actually allowed people to videotape his performance during the show, which was so surprising and awesome at the same time. It'll give you a feel for what you'll be seeing and I believe is the best indicator of whether you'll like it or not (but don't watch too many videos or the show will be spoiled for you! I'd recommend just checking out his America's Got Talent performances). At 90 minutes, the show felt perfectly paced. If you're looking for an entertaining Vegas show that showcases REAL TALENT (and is also not a huge wallet buster) - then this is the one for you!
5	He amazing, funny, Witty, and very talented. This must be the hottest show in Vegas right now and I can see why. This is at the top of my list. Sold out every show night. There really isn't a bad seat. You'll be amazed that you cannot see his lips move as a ventriloquist, the characters are all funny, his singing and impersonations are amazing. TRUST ME..see the show you'll love it.
5	This was an awesome show!! It was worth the money. Terry was really funny and talented.  It amazes me how he hits those notes as a ventriloquist.   Would definitely do it again.
5	We went here before the night of our wedding and brought our whole wedding party out.  Everyone had a fantastic time.  This is a must see show for Vegas, he is extremely talented.  I agree on trying to sit up closer.  We had seats in the back and to really see his face, you have to be closer.  Although the two big screens are excellent for viewing, you just would be better off seeing it up close if money isn't an issue.  Book the show well in advance to get decent seats.
5	I knew nothing about Mr. Fator prior to going to see him this past Thursday.  He blew me away.  Definitely a must see.  He is funny, touching, irreverent; combining comedy, music, ventriquilism and sexual innuendo.  His song, "Horses in Heaven" is wonderful.  His band is very talented, and the gentlemen who opens for him did a very ingenious musical dance medley.
4	IMPRESSED! This is a great show for everyone from Mom to Grandma. Terry Fator is incredibly talented and totally worth the money. We were luck enough to be part of his Veteran appreciation show and you could feel how much he appreciated the men and women who served our country. It made me proud to be a Vegas-ian hosting an event for heros!On to the show. It was funny and ranged anywhere from Brooks and Dunn to Elvis to Micheal Jackson. His impersonation were dead on. You often forget it is him and not the puppets. He is great!I would recommended this show to anyone. It was pretty clean but really funny and entertaining. The theater is small so any seat is a good seat as well. The have 2 big screens so you can get a good shot of the act as well. "Its a go" - and I just said that without moving my mouth. Yeah, I am awesome like that!
5	The best show in vegas, period.  Terry has more talent in his pinky than most performers have in their entire bodies.   He has so much charisma, and humility it's amazing to see.  I took my wife and mother in law to see the show, and we were grins throughout the entire performance.Would highly recommend to anyone who is willing to let go and have a good time.
1	I would love to give this a good rating.  But I checked in as we were waiting on the Will Call line, and it was a long one.  We waited half and hour until finally getting waited on.  But then the clerk couldn't print our tickets.  It was a minute before 7:30, which is showtime, and we were getting upset that we were going to miss part of the show.  She got on the phone to get someone to deal with her "slow" computer, and didn't get off.  So we moved to the clerk next to her.  Same thing, and then he gets on the phone.  Finally, he tells us that our ALREADY PAID FOR tickets were CANCELLED.  Huh????  "Oh, it's 7:30, so the tickets were cancelled."  But what about the half-hour that we waited on line (yeah, ex-New Yorker.  I refuse to say "IN line.")???  "That's our policy."  How the hell were we supposed to know that?  Why would we even think that getting to a Will Call line 30 minutes before the show starts, (except when tickets are free, which has its own policies) would end up like this.  I have never experienced such crap in all my life.  And we were ticked big-time.  We were with friends visiting from out of town who have a full schedule and were having a hard time trying to figure out when they could be available.  IF there were tickets.I will say that the matter was resolved in our favor, and we will see the show on Thursday night.  But even so, this whole experience has left a very bad taste in my mouth.  Boo, Mirage, or whoever is responsible for this fiasco.
4	I've seen Terry Fator's show a handful of times.  It's a very entertaining show that is family friendly.  This is no ordinary ventriloquist show.  He is seriously talented.   He nails each voice and leaves you wondering how he did it.  There's a good amount of humor in the show too.Everyone I've taken to see this show has been amazed and wanted to see it again.  I don't want to give away too much, but if you're looking for a nice show to take people of all ages, this is one to consider.Will I see it again?  Sure!
5	Terry Fator and His Cast of Thousands is an awesome show!I'll admit that Terry Fator wasn't my first choice when deciding what show to see during my most recent trip to Vegas.  But after Jabbawockeez sold out, and Mystere and O had holiday pricing and were still pricey after discount,  I couldn't resist grabbing a great seat with the 35% discount that was offered for Terry Fator.  4th row center seat - It doesn't get any better than that!  Check out the view (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=TR9ujMdOXmNVpYH2M1Gt5A).  This was one of the things that was cool about this show in that you can actually take pics and videos during the show to share the experience your friends and family who couldn't be there.The music is pretty extensive ranging from Nat King Cole and Etta James, to the Beatles, to Garth Brooks and Dolly Parton, and even the Pussycat Dolls.  The puppet interaction is so funny!  My favorite is definitely Walter the country singer.  One thing to keep in mind is that even though this is a puppet show, it's not directed to a kid-friendly audience as there is plenty of adult humor involved.This show had Vegas written all over it - Impressions, adult humor, music, and great showmanship...and ELVIS!!  Terry Fator is a great entertainer and when you watch the show, you'll see why was the winner of America's Got Talent.  I highly recommend this show!
4	Excellent except for the horses go to heaven song. Not everyone wants to hear about Jesus or heaven, but otherwise Terry is extremely talented and worth seeing!
5	My Hubby and I went to see Terry Fator for New Year's Eve, it was my first chose, I remember when Terry Fator won "America's Got Talent" and I new he would make it big, so I wanted to see him and I am glad I did, my hubby couldn't stop laughing the visuals were awesome the puppets were the cutest and the singing the best of the best because your not just getting one artist but a slew of singer.On a personal note this man has a heart of "GOLD" wait till you hear.We are telling everyone about the show, we loved it so much we plan to go again!!
5	I took my wife and her parents to see Terry Fator and all I can say is WOW, what a performer. I was amazed at how many voices he can duplicate, now I know why he won "America's Got Talent" he nailed them with near perfection; especially, when you consider he is also singing "their" songs. We had great seats row BB center stage, but at a premium price for four people, thank goodness he offers a military discount. The sound was perfect and the video that accompanied the show really added to the experience. Even seating in the back of the theater had the advantage of seeing him on large screens. Make sure you bring a camera along since he "may change his mind" and allow you to take flash photography during the show. I recommend this show to everyone as the material is not too nuanced and can be enjoyed by all ages. Lastly, thank you Mr. Fator for supporting the military and recognizing us during your performance. I will see your show again the next time we visit Las Vegas.
5	Unbelievable!! there is nothing negative to say about this.  This may be the best show on the strip!!
5	We loved this show.  It was worth every penny.  We have seen many shows in Vegas but this was one of the best.  The humor was clever.  He does allow you to take pictures and videos but I figure jut download those off the internet and enjoy the show.Someone said they best impressionist in Vegas is a Ventriloquist and I agree!I especially loved the fact that he gives his concessions to charity for the military - in addition to being a great performer he seems like a very decent guy!
5	Wow, thats all I can say. I would give this 100 stars if I could. Absolutely incredible.
5	THE BEST VENTRILIQUIST OF MY TIME!!! This man is awesome...He is unbelievably talented not only in the art of ventriliquism but also as a singer. He also has a big heart when it comes to us in the military....His whole show is very entertaining and funny...I am looking forward to when he comes to Austin!
5	My wife and I have been fans since America's got talent. We booked a room and show package for tues 4/19. The show was even better than expected, alot of new material and a great warm-up. the entire 2 hours went by all to fast. Anything you buy  is 100% donated to the military. The theatre holds about 500 people and almost every seat is a good one plus 2 giant  screens on each side of the theatre, will go again for sure.
5	Great entertainment!!  He puts on a really great show with some older material and a lot of new material.  I was laughing and singing along for the majority of the performance.  Luckily, I had the opportunity to see the show for free, but would definitely pay to see it again!
5	If you watched America's Got Talent, you'll know who Terry Fator is. And if you're into ventriloquists, I'm sure you'll enjoy the show like us. I was very impressed by his skills (singing, acting, performing, and of course the ventriloquism) and I think he is one of the best winners in America's Got Talent history. Besides his amazing ventriloquism and impersonation skills, Terry is also pretty good in singing and song writing too. I love his song, Horses in Heaven, he wrote about a kid with leukemia. It was very touching that tears almost dropped down on my cheeks. He also said he will donate all the profits made from this song to St. Jude's Hospital. That's very kind of him. The only part I didn't like about the show was his new wife wearing those sexy costumes standing on the stage to show off her boobs. I think that was cheap-looking and low-class.
5	I never heard of this guy before but my mother bought us tickets so i went.  The show was fantastic!  The real talent here is Terrys ability to imitate a wide variety of singers.  Everything else including the puppets are built around this and it all works very well!  I would pay to see him again!
5	my mom scored us free tickets to this show. she loved it the last time she saw it and convinced me to go. i at first was not too sure of this. i mean really...how much puppet talk can one take? good news! i could take hours. terry was amazing. he has so many different voices that i forgot i was even watching him at times. i payed more attention to his awesome little friends. he has a lot of humor. so many jokes in this show. i was laughing and clapping along the whole time. he introduced a new character in his act named Wrex who i think may have been a favorite, Berry Fabulous and his closet had me rolling, and who can not love Duggie Scott Walker? i loved everything about it and would def go again. in fact, i can't wait to go again!
5	His show was incredible! This man has so much talent. Definitely worth seeing!
1	**CENSORED REVIEW (so as not offend the delicate sensibilities of Terry Fator fans)**I had little interest in seeing Terry Fator, though his big fat smarmy redneck mug has been leering at me from local billboards for years. Ventriloquism? Puh-leaze! I'm *WAY* too highbrow for that.Then he dumped his wife to shack up with his 20-year-old assistant. NOW I wanna see his show -- I gotta see the Hawaiian ho-bag that broke up a God-fearing, Jebus-lovin,' cancer-kid-tribute-song-writin' all-American-hero's 20 year marriage! That must be SOME XXXX!A friend got free tickets, so I went to check it out for shits and giggles. I wasn't expecting much, but I should have been warned by the fact that I had two extra tickets, and I couldn't even GIVE them away. I approached several people on the Strip on my way to the show: "Hey, would you like some free Terry Fator tickets?" "Terry WHO?"My bad; I should have known better to approach anyone younger than 95 or with more than 4 teeth in their mouth. Because that's the only people who dig his lame, white-bread, borderline-racist, sexist, homophobic, obscenely pandering shtick. Seriously; I looked around the theater when I got there, and it looked like a trailer park church social in Rustbucket, USA. Depresssssssssing!Terry himself is a great ventriloquist, but his puppets and shtick are SO lame and tired that it's not even fun to get drunk and laugh at. His puppets cover every stereotype known to Flyover Country: the funny XXX, the jiving XXXXX, the horny old woman, the slutty young homewrecking assistant -- oh wait, that wasn't a puppet, that was his WIFE! Who, incidentally, is built like a brick XXXXhouse, and whose apparent purpose in the show is to wear a succession of slutty costumes and be leered at by Terry. Each puppet was onstage for about 5 minutes of shtick, which consists of singing along to a live band. The XXX sings XXX songs, the XXXXX sings XXXXX music, the horny old lady sings horny old lady songs. The Hawaiian hoochie doesn't sing (or speak a single word, for that matter) -- it's too hard to sing with a mouth full of XXXX.Apropos of NOTHING, Terry takes two breaks from his racist/sexist/homophobic shtick: "I'd like to be serious for a moment, folks." UH-OH!!! The first time Terry gets serious, it's to sing a self-penned piece of uber-schlock called "Horses in Heaven," all about Little Timmy the Cancer Kid. All Little Timmy wants to know is if there are horses in heaven, presumably so that when he dies, he can XXXX XXXXXXXXX for the rest of all eternity under the watchful eye of Jebus.The second time Terry gets serious is when he asks all the "folks" (I hate that word, it's a Flyover Country Alert signal) in the audience who have "served our country" to stand up and be applauded. All the poor old WWII vets in the room creak to a semi-erect position: Yaaaaaay! God Bless Amurrica! Thank you for giving up years of your life to serve your corporate masters! So glad you escaped being blown to smithereens so that you could be here tonight in Vegas, listening to this racist, sexist, homophobic pabulum! I KNEW WE FOUGHT THOSE WARS FOR A REASON!But aside from those two brief intermissions, it's non-stop yuks. When Terry's not onstage, this funny wacky XXXXX kid comes out and does funny XXXXX dancin' to keep the audience from nodding off. THAT's the kind of show this is.In sum: if some random XXXXX comes at you on the Las Vegas Strip, trying to pawn off two free tickets to see Terry Fator.......RUN!!!
4	What a great show!  He is funny and his "cast" is extremely entertaining!
5	Terry was simply awesome.  The show was was extremely entertaining. His singing range is incredible, I highly recommend it!
5	My brother told me I had to see the Blue Man Group, that it was the best show on the strip. HE WAS WRONG after seeing that I went to see The Terry Fader show IT IS THE BEST SHOW ON THE STRIP.
5	A one man show!  (plus the band of course).  Terry is the only one who speaks and sings every word for the whole show.  His writers worked in some very recent newsy jokes, that will probably have to be pulled out in a couple of weeks, and I was impressed with that.  He is keeping up with current stuff.  Talent?  INCREDIBLE.  People who open their mouths WIDELY can't sing as well as he can!!  He's a true entertainer.  Yes there were a lot of "older folks" there, but also some young ones.  My 18, 21 and 24 year old daughters (no they are NOT nerds) like Terry too!  Go and have a good time!
5	I've never seen the show "America's got talent" and I had never heard of him.  My wife heard from her aunt (that works at Wynn) that we had to see Terry Fator.One thing:  He's an amazing singer.  AND he doesn't move his lips at all!   We thought his singing without moving his lips was better than his singing while moving his lips.  Wide array of songs....country, soul, pop, 60's, 70's, 80's, and current songs too!I thought the "Horses in Heaven" routine was a bit hoakey.  Theater was packed on a Sat night....wide variety of people.  By the end of the show, you forget that he's singing without moving his lips.  His comedy was funny also.
3	This is not my type of show at all.  However, you cannot deny that Terry Fator is one very talented guy.  He worked his butt off to get where he is and I got to respect that.  Terry also sings extremely well for someone not moving their lips.    The part of the show where he brings up a volunteer from the audience had me laughing pretty hard.  It was certainly the highlight.  Definitely some funny one liners throughout the 90 min.  But I could've done without the country songs and some of the schlockiness but that's just me.  I am not the target demographic for this show.Mirage did a great job finding someone to replace Danny Gans.  I am positive that any fans of Gans will love Fator.  Not sure of vice versa but that doesn't matter.  Almost any white person from middle America over age 50 will think this is awesome.  A lot of them also happen to play slot machines with terrible returns.  What a coincidence!So yeah..get a hook up for tickets when your grandparents are in town.
1	Here's everything you need to know about Terry Fator's act:1. He's a ventriloquist.2. He's not a very good one.That's about it.
1	Wow, can't believe the good reviews for Terry Fator.  I feel kind of bad writing this review, because Terry seems like a sweet guy, but this is an expensive show and, in my opinion, a waste of money.We had no idea what to expect from Terry Fator - in fact, I'd never heard of him until we went to Tix 4 Tonight and he was the most popular show on sale. We arrived at the venue and the place was PACKED. Most of the audience were older people in their 40s and 50s. Terry Fator's act is centered on ventriloquism, which is not that amazing to me. So big deal, you are using a puppet and hardly moving your mouth. It's not that incredible a feat. I was bored in the 1st five minutes. There is a random "sexy assistant" that comes out at strategic times for shock/laugh value. Um, objectify women much? No thanks.So, the minutes tick away, I'm bored, bored bored. The audience is laughing, people seem to be enjoying themselves... am I missing something? What the F--- is so funny?!Then, halfway through the show, he starts singing this super cheesy song about Jesus and heaven and crap. SERIOUSLY? By this point I was at the end of my rope. I got up out of the theatre and left, and didn't come back inside until the show ended. I did not pay $80 per ticket to hear you sing about Jesus. If I wanted to do that, I'd go to church!!!My bottom line: AVOID. I'd rather have seen Jabbawockees or any other performance. YUCK.
5	Loved it.  Got tickets minutes before show started and wasn't sorry.  This is a great show for young and old alike.  Terry is so talented.  I loved it when Terry picked it audience member to be a kinda puppet.  Entertaining, funny and great singing.  Highly recommend for a great time, this is what VEGAS is about....
3	Terry Fator is a very talented guy.  He is a great singer, and an equally talented ventriloquist.  It really is amazing how he can throw his voice and not move his lips.  He is also incredibly likeable and charitableHOWEVER, there is a line which separates adorable from incredibly annoying, and these muppet characters cross the line a few too many times.  He has a different voice for each muppet and each of these things sings a "duet" or two with TerryHe would almost improve the act simply by singing the songs.  A horrible stage fire burning just these things may be in order to improve the New Terry Fator Solo act.Somewhere, Danny Ganz is turning over in his grave
3	Ok this is just my review and my comedy style is  more Dane Cook than bring your kids along. I always feel bad when I'm getting buzzed sipping on my $20 4 shot rum and coke in my souvenir cup, and there's an adorable 5 or six year old girl in front of us dancing to the songs with her parents and sisters. 4 of us went.. 2 in their golden years and two in their 30's. Two said they loved the show and two said meh. Terry Fator has talent for sure but it's lacking real comedy. So here's to you souvenir rummy cup for making the show bearable. If your looking for a PG / PG-13 show to take the family to then this could work for you. Me? I'll let sesame stree handle the puppets and Dane Cook handle the comedy.. Just my opinion
4	For great comedy in Vegas Terry Fator is the show to watch, I love the turtle.
5	My husband and I went to Las Vegas for the sole purpose of seeing this show. It had been a wish of mine since seeing Terry Fator win America's Got Talent in 2007. Terry and his show was delightfully captivating and entertaining from beginning to end. He is an impersonating ventriloquist, singer and comedian who provides true entertainment and his show is for all ages. His vocal transitions from character to character are truly remarkable plus he has a great rapport with the audience. The show went too quickly but I am so glad I had the opportunity to see Terry and his Cast of Thousands in person. The DJ opening for Terry did a great job and the band was outstanding. All in all, it was a very memorable evening
4	Saw the Terry Fator Show last night for his 3rd Anniversary at The Mirage. Very entertaining and the way he sings each characters voice..truly amazing!  I would suggest this show for children that are over the age of 13...just because there is some sexual innuendo. Love Winston the turtle and thought that  Monty Carlo was a fun new addition to the cast of puppets.The seating in this showroom is awesome! The chairs are comfortable and wide..not cramped where you bump elbows with your neighbor. For me I would suggest this show for a fun night out in Vegas!
5	They guy sings better with his mouth closed than 95% of people with their mouths open. Not only is he a good singer, but very funny and entertaining. For all the fame he's got, he also seems like a pretty humble and down to Earth fellow.From the opening DJ act to the finale with Winston the Turtle, it keeps you captivated. So much so I had to piss at the beginning of the show, but held it 90 minutes because I didn't want to miss any of it. Let me tell you it was worth it. It's great to know that the inaugural winner of AGT is still working it. I can't say I even know any other act that has done anything after winning, including American Idol (except for Carrie Underwood and Kelly Clarkson). I know he has to slightly adjust his act to stay current, but I can see him packing the house for years to come. After you see this show, you'll be glad that he was found because he definitely has talent!
5	Awesome!!!  This show was so much more than I expected.  I had no idea who he was and only knew of the other comedian that did ventriloquism, so I wasn't really expecting to much.  When I went to order, the week of the show, I realized that this guy must be something (the show has been sold out for 3 years straight).  I love that they let you eat and drink and take pictures. Also loved that they had two big screens so you could see his mouth and the puppets actions close up. He was absolutely hilarious and amazing. The voices and singing all with his mouth closed is just something I have never seen before.  Tears, of joy, stomach cramps from laughing and I almost wet my pants!!  I would go again!!  BTW just becuase there are puppets doesn't mean that it is a kids show. Most of the relates the kids just wouldn't get.
2	Would you pay 85 dollars or more to watch a magician perform the exact same trick but with slightly different props for 2 hours?  If so, this show is for you.He's not doing magic, but I will admit he does something incredible with his voice insofar as being able to sing clearly and well with just barely moving his lips.  Indeed it's a talent and skill, and I give him credit for that...  but it's only one trick, and after about 10 minutes, it gets quite old.  In order to give the illusion that it's a show that should appeal to all ages and types, he goes from one puppet to the next; and with each puppet he frantically belts out small snippets from almost every song genre.  Sometimes he alters the lyrics for supposed comedic effect, other times he'll sing a single line from a song because it shoehorns into whatever schtick he and his hand-manipulated sidekick are doing at the time.  It feels as if he's throwing in everything but the kitchen sink so that everyone can latch on to at least one or two selections and feel as if they're being entertained because they are getting the reference. Between the singing, the comedy part is hit-or-miss, but mostly miss.  It's mainly cheesy and sometimes very slightly risque (but decidedly not TOO risque as to not offend the decidedly older & conservative crowd that makes up most of the audience).At the one hour mark, he started introducing his band and, I prayed that it meant it was over.  Unfortunately that was just the half-point.  The second hour had even WORSE things in store.  He did some more singing and "comedy" and then suddenly brought the show to a screeching halt with a god-awful story of a little boy with terminal cancer who, when asked for a wish, requested not to go to someplace like Disneyland, but to go see Terry Fator perform.  At this point, he could have easily segued to the next awful portion of this segment (which I'll get to momentarily), by saying "... so I wrote this song for him." but continues the story to the point where the boy dies, he writes a song and wants to include it in the act, but the "powers that be" deem it unsuitable for his performance on the grounds that the audience "won't get it"...  but in the story he is insistent about including it.  He then panders to the audience's sentimentality stating that he believes we WILL "get it"...  essentially giving the subtext of "if this song doesn't make you cry, you are a horrible, heartless person."So now we are treated to a twangy, over-wrought ditty called "Horses in Heaven" about... you guessed it!... a little boy who's dying.  The little boy wonders if there are... you guessed it!... horses in heaven; and we all know that by the end of the song he'll get his answer.  We all learn through the boy's oddly clairvoyant best friend that there are, indeed, horses in heaven...  and they carry the little boy right into Jesus' arms.  We also learn that I'm a horrible, heartless person who is entirely unmoved by all this unbridled, heavy-handed sentiment.  But if I somehow gain a soul and wish to hear it again, I'm informed it's available for purchase so I can I can listen to it on an endless loop and cry and slit my wrists in the comfort of my own home.Then there's a little more "comedy" and singing and then the show is brought to yet another halt so he can have active and veteran military members stand up (which I have no problem with... they've given a great deal for all of us so they should get recognition for it), but then serenades us with yet another twangy, over-wrought song... this time a rendition of Lonestar's "I'm Already There."As a final gift, we are subjected to the age-old BS of a "completely random" audience member pulled up on stage for our delight and entertainment.  To go with the strong undercurrent of homophobia and misogyny that pervaded the entire performance, this "completely random" male audience member is dressed as a puppet version of Dolly Parton so that "she" and Terry can sing a duet.  My description of the second half almost gives the impression it's more interesting than the first half.  I assure you it's most definitely not...  it's just a hell of a lot more sappy.  Again, he most certainly has a talent, but it's one best suited as an opening act... not as a Vegas headliner.  The first thing that jumped into my head at the end of it all was that it was entertainment for the VERY easily entertained.
5	Great show.  Terry is so good at what he does and really meets the needs of the full family.  I can't imagine anyone not enjoying this show.  My wife and son both thought it was the best Vegas show that they have ever seen.I bought my tix threw a promotion on Travelzoo for about 40 a person.  I know it is a cliche, but not a bad seat in the house.  The video screens are great and Terry knows how to work the whole crowd.  He is so good and unique that at times I would take it for granted.  I can't figure out how it is physically possible to sing that strongly threw the smallest gap in the mouth.My family will definitely want to see Terry on our next trip.  Don't hesitate, Book it!Spoiler Alert:Winston the Turtle steals the show!
4	The man is simply amazing at his singing ventriloquism,  and worth the money and time I invested. (The Mirage is huge; be prepared to walk)He does however need better comedy writers in order to get that fifth star. The show, at times seemed a little choppy.
4	Loved the show!  We knew what we were getting into when we bought the tickets (we watched Terry win AGT years ago).  I don't like ventriloquism but Terry makes it entertaining!I could do without the touchy feely songs (he's a decent singer in his own right).Otherwise, was a great time!
5	Terry Fador was amazing! He could have been a show just with impressions, but since he added his ventriloquism as well... Spectacular!  Would go see him again!  Check out his original song "Are There Horses in Heaven".  Made me cry!
4	Great show lotza fun..go see & don't be afraid to bring along kids
4	I absolutely loved the show. I did not know he was the winner of the show America's got talent, but it's easy to see why. He's clever, funny, has a great voice and it's astounding to see him perform and not move his mouth. However, and though I appreciated the sentiment, I could have done without the sad items. There was one song that had everyone in tears. It's a beautiful tribute, but I'm not sure this is the right venue for that. Don't let that stop you though, he truly is talented and very funny!!
2	If you are expecting a Jeff Dunham like show, do NOT spend your money on this one.  We expected a comedy show, and while there were some funny parts, this was most definitely not a comedy show.The DJ at the beginning was funny, and some of the puppets were as well, but I disagree with the statements that the turtle stole the show.  Quite a bit of his show was the puppets singing familiar songs, and there were a few really sappy songs/moments that we could have done without.  Not the light hearted funny show that we were expecting.Thankfully, we bought our tickets at one of those Tix4Tonight places on the strip, so we only paid about $60 a ticket instead of the $118 our tickets are normally.
3	NOT BAD.Took my kids to see him and they were somewhat entertained. Not really blown away, but was somewhat appealing. Terry has come a long way since he was on America's Got Talent. Hard to believe he has been performing at the Mirage for four years now. Gotta give him props for his versatility in all the voices that he does. What he does is not easy and for those that give him only one star you obviously don't know how hard it is to do what he does every single performance. So three stars are just for his sheer talent because that is basically  what makes the whole show. What made me not give him the other two stars is that when he does his jokes and one liners, they are more suited to an adult audience. Of course it's still funny to the little kids cuz after all, these are puppets are being presented in a funny way and they laugh only because the adults that actually understand are cracking up. Aside from his many puppets, he also has two assistants. A male DJ that does a pretty nice dance skit in the beginning, and a beautiful Hawaiin female, who is also his wife. Now she also dresses up in provacative clothing that I think would not qualify as "kid friendly" but hay, it didnt bother me! :)Last but not least he has a live band that plays pretty good.Overall, it's an ok show for about 90 minutes. Tickets can get pretty expensive for this show even with any kind of discount. So I would say it's worth it seeing at least once.
1	We were in Vegas last week and only planned to see one show:  Terry Fator!We were very excited.  When I booked the tickets I clicked the button "Best Available" and spent over $200 for two people.  Expensive.  But we were hoping that it would be worth the money.  We don't have much money to spend and that is why we only saw one show in Vegas (they all seem expensive).Unfortunately, it was a waste of money.  The seats were terrible.  Section 101 on the far left of the stage.  We could not see what was happening on the stage from our location.  There was a video monitor above our seats that we had to watch.  So, although we paid for a live show, we watched a $200 video instead.  Aweful.  Also, we though this was a comedy.  There were many funny elements however he dove deep into a religious song and a very sad story about cancer and death.  While the story was tragic and should be told, I don't think that this was the venue to tell it.  He had made the statement that many of us out in the audience would appreciate the song and story.  We did not apprecitate it at all.  We spent the only extra money we had to go out and see a comedy show so that we could get away from our worries for about 2 hours.I contacted the show for comment, however I have not heard back from anyone and it has been several days.Now we're back in Iowa.  Back to our worries.  Out $200.
5	This is a Vegas show - old school. Terry is a master. Sure there are others who can do voices and some singing but Terry sings like a pro without opening his mouth let alone his lips. Wow. He sang like Barbara Streisand and Elvis. He's funny too. In our show he incorporated latest news like General Petraeus scandal.My friends were sceptical but ended up being huge fans afterwards.Bravo.
5	We just saw his holiday show on 11/20/12. Terry is a master. He brought a number of traditional holiday favorites - lots of fun. We were thrilled with the performance. Everyone around us were making favorable comments as we exited the theater. One person said it was the best show they'd seen. We'd highly recommend to everyone, young children re questionable due to drug humor.
3	The show was kind of a disappointment for me. We had seen his DVD and we enjoyed that a lot. I think the first thing is that the day we went to the show was the start of the holiday show, so there was a lot of holiday songs and the show was setup like a Bing Crosby special where the different puppets came to visit the house. So maybe the humor here was safer since it's a holiday show, though I am not sure I would want to take my chances on seeing this show again when it's not the holiday's.Terry however is extremely talented, his impressions are very good, when he is working the puppets you can hardly see his lips moving, and the fact he can sing and do impressions while using the puppets is an amazing thing. I think however this was not our type of show, we were expecting more comedy and we got mostly singing.So if you go in being amazed by Terry's talent, and looking forward to a mostly singing show with some comedy then you should have a great time. If you are looking for something with more comedy, this probably would not be the show for you.
4	We saw his Christmas show.  WONDERFUL.  A great talent, he can sing and is entertaining.I would like to return for a non Christmas show.  But all his characters are wonderful.  Theater hint: Sit towards the center and closer to the stage so you don't have to view most of the show on the screens.Our entire group LOVED THE SHOW and each said they would come back again.
5	Great show!I've never actually seen Terry Fator before, even clips on TV. Yes, I'm definitely not up-to-date with my current TV, I admit it. When my out-of-town guests mentioned how great he was, we decided he would be a good choice for their Las Vegas show. He was a great choice!We saw his holiday show, where he did more singing and impersonating of celebrities than just comedy jokes with his puppets. Terry Fator is incredibly talented. His singing is better than most singers, he's funny, AND he is a ventriloquist! Amazing. You won't be disappointed with Terry Fator. Now, I know why he has a great following. If you're looking for a great show, this one is it. Tip: Book early. Tickets start at $59.99, but they go fast.
5	really good show !! i was so surprised he could sing
1	It's really too bad, honestly, that a potentially good show, ended up getting all serious and preachy. I would have been fine with a little serious but then the whole "support our charity" and we give to XYZ and buy this or that in the lobby, we donate proceeds, just turned me completely off. About half way through the show Terry (may I call you that?) starts in on a story about a song that apparently people in Vegas wouldn't get. His agent, or the managers or whomever told him that people in Vegas are different and wouldn't go for his song. I think whomever told him this song was a bad idea, wasn't referring to the song, but referring to the whole spiel that come afterward. The song wasn't terrible, sad, about a kid who has a friend who is dying of cancer and wants to know if there are horses in heaven. Okay. It's country, it pulls on the heart strings, that's all fine. But then, its the sales pitch. Buy my album, buy the song, we do donate, buy products, we give... Blah blah blah. Hey Terry, I paid to see a show, not learn where I can make donations to your preferred charities. And yes, we now know you donate. Meanwhile, there is a good measure of God being thrown around (I have no problem with God, it just seemed a little Jim Baker too me)This twisted the show so much, I would've walked out right there. Again, it wasn't the song that was the problem, it was the sales pitch that followed.
4	Hit up the Friday early show with the gf , my daughter and her bf.  It was a surprise birthday present - NICE ! We received a free drink, a signed pic and a program with third row seats ( i still haven't read the program ) As cheesy as i thought this show would be ( and yes, there were some cheesy parts ) The guy does an amazing job with the ventriloquism skills.  Are the puppets corny ?  yeah.  are the songs corny ?  yep.  and the general schtick  ?  Oh yeah ! In fact, the show kinda reminded me of the heap of shows i saw in my youth - Donnie and Marie/The osmonds, Sonny and Cher, Hee Haw, etc etc.  I guess one of the reasons i give the show high marks is the nostalgia - brought back some memories of those sappy shows.Mixed feeling about his solos - major sappy ass songs - but since he's giving the proceeds from the sales of those songs to charity, i'll give him a pass.Once is enough and if you can get a discount ticket i recommend you go see it.
2	Hmmm, this really is a toss up! Somewhere between 1.5 and 3 stars. Let me just say, it's a good thing his contract is almost up. The acts he debuted on America's Got Talent were awesome. Fator does amazing impressions of Adele, Elvis, and that famous frog throughout the show. I would say the puppets and his acting make this part of the show worth 4 stars. However, let me begin with why the show would be in the two star range. First and foremost, can you talk about cheezy?! Like many other Yelpers mentioned, here are my main objections to the show:-WTF is with the plugs for the "charities"?! Seriously! I paid heaps and tons to see a headline show in Vegas, not some community outreach crap for all the various charities of the world. Now mind it, I support the charities he was plugging and our veterans. However, I almost feel like his tribute songs, the super lame slideshows (it seriously looked like a middle schooler prepared them on PowerPoint) and the depressing story about some couple losing their child demote the charities rather than helping them. It's great that he cares about these causes, but keep your personal life out of your headline show in Vegas! He even goes onto say purchases in the gift shop will benefit wounded veterans. I think I would much rather donate on my own terms and know exactly where the money is going. For all we know, 5 cents out of the 10 bucks or whatever he makes on those stuffed turtles could actually go to help people. Talk about cheezy! Fator mentioned something about his agents recommend he remove those parts. He needs to listen them! -Next is the random "sexy" helper woman! What is her deal?! Super random. I guess she's there to show off her body. Way to show a consistent message with his so-called "charity community outreach". I heard Terry and his wife broke up so he could marry the random "provocative style" helper. Talk about being a sleezeball! At this point in the show, it came clear that Fator was actually an inconsiderate, redneck, cheezy performer better suited for old timers. This new personality was totally conflicting with the random helper. Fator seriously dumped his loving wife for this "hot girls want to meet you style" woman?!-The clientele was not what I was expecting. Pretty much everyone was over 60, making his old more stuff more relevant I guess. For the younger crowd, it's hard to relate to. Don't bring your little kids-- it's way too old and boring. There's also some much more mature content than I was expecting. This also relates to his song selections. Pick some contemporary stuff please!! All the old stuff and random stories had me drifting off during the show (it is really hard for me to fall asleep during a show!). Overall, the original stuff he did on America's Got Talent is awesome and from the Terry Fator I knew. All this other crap during an expensive headline show in Vegas seriously bogged down the performance. Unfortunately, I would not recommend it even though I really wanted to like it.Oh, and one more thing. They let the audience take pictures throughout the show. While this seems cool at first, it is super distracting! Flashes constantly go off. This gives you an idea of how "great" the show is. I'm sure his "lawyers" would not let this go down if they actually thought the content was amazing.
2	Terry Fator is a very talented individual in desperate need of good writing. His current Las Vegas show is full of bizarre non sequiturs. Just when he gets the audience smiling and laughing at his usual material he throws in a depressing song and slide show about a child dying of cancer. This is followed by more of his usual material and then a hula dance and another slide show about U.S. wars. Huh?
4	Excellent show and lots of fun. Opening DJ is terrific and energizing. Terry is very talented in multiple ways. He does some great impersonations and has now added Adele, singing Skyfall, that was dead-on and current. Nice to see him keeping up with the times and not depending on old tricks, making it fun to see a second time. Love the puppets (again, added a coming-out-of-the -closet puppet) which was done well and entertaining. If I could take one issue with the show, it would be his tribute to veterans/wars and his song to children who have "passed into heaven" , which I felt was a downer for a otherwise spectacular 90 minutes. Great theater with screens for those who may be farther back.
5	We initially weren't sure about this show. A ventriloquist???  Hmm..  But it was a little different and had good reviews so we figured why not. I'm so glad we did. This show was AWESOME!!!  He has an amazing talent. He can sing in sooo many voices and you never see his mouth move. He sang in a plethora of styles from Phantom of the Opera to Adele to Patsy Cline, Cher, Elvis Presley and Aaron Neville. It was amazing really.  And all of this was through various puppets. The show was sprinkled with him singing solo several songs he'd written and those were just as good. In fact the show moved me from laughter to tears with in meet moments of each other. I ended up buy a cute doll of one of the puppets that looks a lot like me. :)
2	Kinda bored me. Lots of dead space between songs. The puppet gimmick wears off after 20 minutes, but are good at distracting from the minimal impression accuracy. Makes me miss Danny Ganns.
1	Do NOT see this show unless you are over 80, racist, sexist and read the New Testament daily for fun. Seriously my husband I were so disappointed by this show. We came to Vegas to have a good time and we wanted a laugh. Instead of a laugh we were treated to a terrible song about Jesus and kids dying of cancer. Now that's a good time...NOT!Following that big downer with audience members crying like we were at a telethon we were treated to more terribly cheesy wedding songs and Terry's child bride sauntering across the stage in tiny outfits while saying nothing. Now that's progressive! I wish we could get our money back but hopefully I can prevent you from wasting your money. You would be better of putting it all on red.
1	Vegas has so many entertainment options.  Save your money and go elsewhere.  The show was boring, the skit was not that funny, and there was too much singing IMO.
5	Saw Daniel Tosh here. It is a large theatre that maintains an intimate feel. I love watching Tosh.O, but that's TV with editing, scripts, and youtube content so I wasn't sure if his humor would translate. His stand-up on Netflix is just alright but he is really amazing live. I was in stitches.
5	"....and I think to myself, what a wonderful world." - "What a Wonderful World",- Louie ArmstrongGreat show by a talented performer!I watched the beginning of Terry Fator's meteoric rise to Las Vegas headliner on America's Got Talent several years ago.  To describe Terry - he is a singing impressionist ventriloquist comedian.  He does spot-on impersonations & sings better via ventriloquism than others do through their own accord.  It was w/ great anticipation that I finally caught his Vegas show in his very own theatre.To be frank, this show may be not be everyone's cup of tea.  He is, after all, using puppets.  However, I'm a big fan!  His impressions of past & present performers, such as Cher, Dean Martin, Stevie Wonder & Adele are brilliant.  His comedy sketches are witty & current.  I thought it may have became a little edgy for some w/ one of his puppets "coming out the closet", but I thought it was hilarious.Terry also sings a few original songs sans puppets during the show.  One entitled "Horses in Heaven" & the other a tribute to the troops.  "Horses in Heaven" is based on a true story of a child w/ cancer.  He mentioned to the audience that the Las Vegas powers that be thought  the song was too heavy & not appropriate for a Vegas show during it's development.  He defied the powers that be, and I enjoyed the song, which made me think of my own experience w/ cancer.  Our show just happened to be the very one that surpassed 1 million guests to see Terry Fator's Vegas show.  Even better, everyone in attendance received a Terry Fator reusable bag w/ the following contents-Terry Fator playing cards2 for 1 at Mirage's Cravings buffet$10 Free Slot Play w/ the Mirage Player's CardI took that $10 Free Slot Play & magically turned it into $66 on a $1 slot machine!  Oh yeah, I'm good :)It was my last night in Vegas, and capped an already great trip.I highly recommend catching Terry Fator's show at the Mirage during your next trip to Vegas.  I laughed, I was moved & I had an absolute great time.Excelsior!
5	I watched Aziz Ansari here, and could not stop laughing throughout the entire performance. I realize a single act can't justify how good a theater is, but the seats were comfortable and the setup was pretty. Overall, I would probably rate this experience as the best 80 dollars i've ever spent in Vegas.
4	We saw Aziz Anzari, and he was hilarious.  This review is for the theater, not Terry Fator.  This is the second show we have seen in the Terry Fator Theatre, the first being Daniel Tosh, and again we were not disappointed.  The theater is small enough that there really aren't bad seats in the house.  We were seated in area 103 this time and had a perfect view of Aziz on stage.  I definitely recommend seeing any of the Aces of Comedy series at the Mirage.
4	This review is strictly for the boys 2 men concert playing at the Theater.If you grew up listening to them in the nineties and eighties like me you have to go to this concert they still got it!They interact well with the crowd and play all the old hits.I would definitely  go again. I think they will be there until July 2013.Now as far as the venue the seats are really tight  smaller in width then a movie theater seat  so if your a little husky it will be uncomfortable.
4	Saw Bill Burr's show at the Terry Fator. Seats were comfortable, and our view of the stage was pretty good. We were off to the side, in row HH. If you are short though, the seats aren't elevated enough to compensate for any tall giants that might cross your path and inevitably sit right in front of you (A common problem of mine! No fault of theirs, I think I'm just jinxed).The show itself? Pretty f'n awesome. Bill Burr's one of the best comedians in the business!
5	This review is for the theater only. We watched the Boyz II Men concert here and it was awesome! Originally, when buying the tickets, I couldn't decide if I wanted to sit far and in the middle or close and off to the side for a higher price. I decided to get tickets that were cheaper so we were in the very last row, which was row O. Our seats were 11,12,13, and 14. Seat 14 was smack dab in the center of the row! Woohoo! The last row was NOT that far at all. We all could see the concert so well and clearly too. I would guess that it was about 100 yards from the stage. The seats were also stadium seating so there was a slight incline with each row. The seats are a bit small, but not bad at all. Even though the lady next to me was overweight and she didn't fit in the seat that well. That was the only reason it was tight for me on one side. Overall, great initimate theather. Not huge like some venues. So the concert experience was very enjoyable and a lot of fun!
1	Review of theatre only.  We were there to see comedian Ron White.Will call worked good I will say, I was able to pick up my tickets at the MGM Grand.I did like that we were easily able to find the theatre watching posted signage on the 1/2 mile traipse from the lot thru the clubs, the lobby, the casino, the restaraunts, the shops, the clubs, more shops.....Lobby experience - meh.  Concessions - soft drinks are ridiculous, served in a little plastic cup, no lid, $5.  Popcorn had a ton o salt dumped on it.We were seated front far left.  These were not good seats (even tho premium priced), since the rows are not staggered in height down there.  Hard to see Ron.  The seats themselves were barely ok, not up to par with modern movie theatres.Most shocking, the sound was dreadful, could barely hear Ron.  I missed several jokes straining to hear.So - ya, one star, theatre sucked (I was going to go 2 star, then realized there wasnt a thing I liked about it)
3	I couldn't wait to see terry, because I watched his rise on TV and thought he was immensely talented.  I still think that, but as for his Vegas show...Good news first.  He's talented.  He does voices like you won't believe.  His puppets are cute.  He has a great voice.Bad news.  We paid over $200.00 for 2 bad seats.  The show is full of filler.  Nonsensical additions that should not be there.  The cancer kid for one example, plus a military tribute that seemed hours long.  These 2 acts should go.  It made a quality show seem like something old people in Branson would go see for a fraction of the price.I would have to know the person well to recommend this show.  I don't like being preached to, I don't like the god references, the cancer, the war glorification.  I liked terry when just being terry the ventriloquist was enough.
3	Yes, I looked forward to this show after voting for Terry Fator on AGT.  I've not been to Las Vegas for many years, but did want to see this specific show.Unfortunately we had bad seats to the extreme right of the stage that we ended up watching most of the show on the large monitor.  As Terry said during his show, I did not know that he can sing so well on his own!  He made his 1000th performance on stage on the night of our show.Enjoyed the show for the most part, but experienced some sad times when Terry sang and talked about a young cancer child.At my age, I've seen it all and I appreciate his devotion to the cause. However, I do not think that it was appropriate for a Las Vegas venue.  We're here to have fun for a few days and enjoy our time away from home.  It was a 'downer" for me as I have friends who are going through the same ordeal.
5	I thought the show was fabulous. I voted for Terry on AGT  but never had the opportunity to see him in person until tonight. He is so talented. Not only as a ventriloquist but also a great singer. He did a touching song - Horses in Heaven and a tribute to those who have served in the military - definitely emotional and heart felt.  He leaves you with the feeling of how in the world does he do that?A special bonus was that today is his birthday so everyone got a cupcake at the end of the show.  Definitely recommend his show and can't wait to see it again!
4	I never did watch America's Got Talent but I'd heard great things about Terry Fator and decided to use a local's discount when family was in town to snag us some tickets. The box office line gets long so I recommend getting your tickets slightly in advance of the show.  The theater itself was nice enough - not huge but comfortable.  I don't think there's any real need to pay extra $$$ for closer seats.  We were in the middle of the theater and had a good view of the stage and there were tv's at either end for whatever you couldn't see.  The show itself was entertaining.  Terry is a VERY talented ventriloquist and does spot-on impressions.  He's more of a singing entertainer than a comedian and I think I expected more comedy, having never seen any of his work before.  Let's just say we were in the mood for a bit of a "funnier" show (kind of like Jeff Dunham, if you've ever seen him before).  The puppet characters were good for a few laughs and the music was terrific.  Concessions were a rip off (par for the course at these Vegas shows).  Oddly, the merchandise seemed reasonably priced.  Only like $18 for a Winston the turtle puppet (he was my favorite character).  Wasn't as blown away as I expected to be, and probably wouldn't pay to see a second time like some shows on the strip, but it was enjoyable and I'm glad we went!
5	Excellent  & funny show, amazing how he sings without moving his lips. Small theater so the seating is great!! Must see!!!
4	Terry Fator is very, very talented and the show was well paced and entertaining. He supports military families and the troops. As a multigenerational military family, nuff said. Pricey, but what isn't in Vegas these days....
4	If you are a huge Terry Fator fan, then why are you even reading this review, because you know you are going to love this show?  If you are only vaguely aware of what exactly Terry Fator does (like myself), then read on.  I went here solely because my Dad is a huge fan and really wasn't expecting much.  I horribly underestimated the entertainment value of ventriloquism.  This was a great show and was thoroughly entertaining, with one glaring exception.  During the hour and a half set, Terry Fator plays two original songs.  Listen, I love St. Jude's Hospital and knowing that proceeds go to St. Jude's does nothing to alleviate how truly awful "Horses in Heaven" is.  I would rather Terry Fator just ask for donations to St. Jude's.  I don't care how sentimental and charitable you are.  A bad song is a bad song.  Otherwise, I really loved this show and would recommend it if you are looking for something PG.
1	There's no denying that Terry Fator can sing, and its practically tragic that a man with such vocal talent is forced to rely on crappy puppet theater to sell tickets. Unfortunately, crappy puppet theater is really all you get, featuring painfully easy jokes which could only appeal to a crowd too weak to stomach a real comedian, with such unique characters as "stereotypical stoner" and stereotypical homosexual."I was almost willing to forgive the weak comedy, as I truly enjoyed the novelty of seeing Fator croon an incredible range of hits without moving his mouth. Unfortunately, the man completely lost me with his desperate original numbers. Nothing says a "night of laughs" like a song about a kid dying of cancer and getting a horse from Jesus. Holy crap did that come out of nowhere.Watching people give this man a standing ovation was like watching America die.
4	The Terry Fator show at the Mirage was a pretty good show. I don't really remember him from America's Got Talent, but he was the one that won the show a few years back. The theatre itself is pretty small in size compared to some of the other shows in Vegas. They have two entrances and a concession stand in between so you can get yourself a drink or two before the show. We were seated on the left side of the theatre in the third row. The seats itself aren't the most comfortable things in the world, but it was okay. Terry is in the middle of the stage and they also have two large screens on both sides that show a closeup of him.He is a ventriloquist and I must say he is very good at it. He uses multiple puppets and you can tell he's been doing it for some time since he looks so comfortable up on stage. He said that in the past few years of being in Vegas, the show has sold over 1 million tickets! That's pretty impressive if you ask me. He mostly sang songs that from before my time, but I did know a good amount of them. I think I was the youngest person in the theatre since everyone else looked like they were 50+ years old. It's definitely more for the older generation since most people my age are twerking in the club. Overall, I thought it was a well planned show. He is great at what he does. The two parts that stood out the most to me is when he honored any active or retired military personnel and he also honored the police, firefighters and EMT's. At the end of one of his songs that he sang, they put up a picture of a North Las Vegas firefighter who passed away a few months before. I thought that was a great honor and I'm sure the firefighters family appreciate that type of recognition very much. He also brought up one of the retired military members to participate in the show. This was probably the most funniest part of the show for me so I won't tell you and spoil the fun! ENJOY!
5	Saw Daniel Tosh at the theater last night. If you have the means to see one of his shows, you won't regret it. He's absolutely hilarious.The theater itself is a good-sized space, there's really not a bad seat in the house (except maybe the 4 random single seats attached to the side walls...weird). There's a pretty decent sized bar too, but obviously you have to expect the typical inflated prices of the Vegas strip, so don't complain. I would definitely check out other shows here -- maybe Boyz II Men, ventriloquism isn't my thing lol
5	Show was fantastic..so was the theatre.
4	One of the best shows in Vegas! ! A must see for everyone who comes out here. Way better than some other show. Awesome! !
4	Terry is really good at what he does and very talented. It's family friendly and the theater is intimate and cozy, not a single bad seat. The show was was fun and entertaining, but I would not recommend it if music and being entertained by one man and his many puppets were not your thing (because why go then, right?) Otherwise, I would say check it out, Terry Fator will definitely put a smile on your face at some point in the show because you know you're enjoying it. Tips: look for discounted tickets!
1	Shoot me now. I'm actually in the show right now, so unimpressed that I'm going to leave my first ever Yelp review during a live performance. That's bad right? Could be worse, you could always overspend on tickets to this show.If you get tickets comped, say no, unless you are trying to get your kids to fall asleep so you can go gamble some more.Shoulda gone to see Jerry.
1	Dear Terry Fator - I'm currently sitting in your show. It's obvious you have talent (America's Got Talent even confirms this). But just because you have talent doesn't mean you should have a show. You have no story line, your jokes are irrelevant, and your song choices are so dated that I would guess that half of your audience can't recognize them. I gave you one star because you recognized those who served in the military forces. That was awesome. If you weren't donating a portion of ticket sales to veterans I'd ask for my money back.
4	We saw his show on Christmas Eve...Very relevant to the holiday season....very talented man...we were totally entertained.  Good seats are a must to get the most from the show.  We did not like the constant reminder of the age difference of he and his CURRENT wife.  It is very over priced....I think $50 a ticket would be max. for that type of show.Do not dine at Stack at the Mirage!!!!   BAD in every way!!!!
4	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #22 - #365I was so excited to see Terry Fator from the show, "America's Got Talent" and boy does he have talent! Formally the, Danny Gans (RIP) Theater, the size of the theater was very intimate and there was no bad seats in the house. I'm not going into detail and ruin the show for you, so, I'll make it short and sweet. Terry Fator has amazing talent in my honest opinion and his sense of humor will make you laugh throughout the show. He will throw in some jokes that are related to the current headlines and his ventriloquism was hilarious with his many puppets and personalities. His assistant (Taylor)  is pretty charming and now current wife, they make a great duo in the show.
3	Sadly, found myself watching this show on the screen instead of the actual performance on the stage. The screen allows for a closer look at him and his puppets and I can actually appreciate it more. Might as well just watch on TV at home.Can't deny Fator has talent... he's a great showman and his ventriloquism is incredible.The show however had too many moments that are quite dull and really kill the flow of the show for me. He has a couple songs he does on his own with no puppets that are pretty terrible. I appreciate what he's trying to do and what these songs stand for but the lyrics are absurd and he should really just sing songs people are familiar with.This show is clearly geared towards a much older crowd. There are some great one liners and the characters are entertaining but this show needs work in my opinion.
4	Nothing wrong nice theatre, clean well run..
4	Went to the show last Wednesday and really enjoyed. Its geared to be family friendly and he makes all ages laugh. Great show to bring kids to or to see with friends or on date night. I grew up watching Terry in the same home town and am happy he has done so well. Met with him after the show and he is the same guy he was before the fame.
5	Terry Fator is a down-to-earth man and performer. His skills are the best there is and the quality of his performance is unmatched. He cares about so many others and gives the proceeds from his gift shop sales to Wounded Warrior Project and St. Jude's. The show will keep you laughing though a tear or two will sneak out during some of his moving songs about true life experiences for which he has dedicated those songs. Very entertaining and well worth the experience. We loved the singing solos as well as the puppets. Thanks for a great time Terry!The Terry Fator team is phenomenal as well. The DJ was hilarious and a great entertainer himself. One of the staff members had a copy of the Terry Fator book sent to our seats for our anniversary. An unexpected surprise that was extremely appreciated.Excellent job everyone!
5	My husband and I greatly enjoyed Terry Fator during the second season of America's Got Talent. A couple of years ago, my husband got to see his live show when he (my husband, that is) was in Vegas for a corporate event, and he was so blown away that he really wanted me to see it too. No surprise, then, that when we decided to drive down to Scottsdale, AZ, for baseball spring training (go Giants!), we figured we'd go via Vegas and take in the show!I have to tell you up front that it's really worth booking your seats on-line, and getting the best seats you can. We ended up sitting front-and-center in the orchestra...close enough that we could actually see the very minute movements of this amazing ventriloquist's throat. Here's a nice thing to say about the theater, by the way: Normally the orchestra seats are accessed via an escalator, but I have balance issues that make escalators difficult for me. When I explained that to the person taking the tickets, she immediately (and cheerfully!) changed tacks and walked us personally to our seats in a way that avoided the escalator (and took the time to show us how we could get out the same way).The show was just amazing! Mr. Fator is not only a wonderful ventriloquist, comedian, and impressionist, he's an incredible singer in his own right. His original compositions ("Horses in Heaven" and "Heroes") added a truly touching element to the show. Funny, impressive, and touching...that pretty much sums the show up! Mr. Fator is a real entertainer in the best, old fashioned way, and 90 minutes spent in his world is 90 minutes very well-spent indeed!
1	I enjoyed the show when he was doing ventriloquism and singing so maybe 1 star is a bit harsh. However I came to Vegas for entertainment not to be preacher to. In the middle of the show Terry breaks out in a religious song about a kid with cancer. Ummmmmm I came to laugh. I didn't come for the God crap or to be manipulated. Want a truly Vegas show? Go see Zoomanity instead.
4	I went to see Terry on a company trip to Vegas.  The show was fantastic: it was hilarious, was jaw droppingly executed, was relatively clean and inoffensive, and had a pretty good pace.  I laughed so hard I cried a couple times at the cowboy, the cougar, and the pot smoking dummy.  I hope Terry keeps updating his show with these heavy personality dummies.The only complaint with the show is that Terry sang three of his own songs.  I want to be sensitive here: the songs were filled with heart, had a wonderful message, and earn money for charity.  How could I say anything negative?  They just didn't fit the show very well: for example, we were laughing our guts out and then he would start singing about cancer and little boys who ride horses when they die.  The song didn't work-at all-and was uncomfortable.Everything else was perfect!  Highly recommended show!  Will come back with my wife.
5	Such an intimate little theater. And the staff is just exceptional. I definitely will be coming back for another show in the future.
5	When the show opened and Fator sang a cheesy song, then began ventriloquism with a stuffed turtle I said to my wife, " we give this five minutes and if it doesn't get better we are leaving". Well, it got better- in fact, he was awesome. Entertaining, extremely talented, and comes across as a genuine nice guy. Well worth it !!
5	Entertainment night! I've seen several shows in this theater.  It is a good size theater - not too large but not too small.  Perfect for goldilocks right? I think you'd have a good seat to see the show even in the back.   They have screens on either side of the stage.  The ushers here have always been very friendly and helpful.  The refreshment bar has a good variety of drinks and snacks.  Yes they might be a little higher priced but most show venues are.  It's pretty hard to complain about this theatre when they have such amazing shows to see here! I am looking forward to my next visit for a fun night!
5	Excellent show.  He used many different puppets.  He also sung a couple of songs without the use of the puppets.  I was impressed with his charitable giving as well.  It was a lot of fun and well worth the ticket price.
4	In watching a bunch of shows in Vegas one thing is evident... audiences know talent when they see it. Terry Fator has loads of it for a guy who not only has exceptional ventriloquist abilities, a pretty good singing voice, and up-to-date comedic material. Terry has been doing this for 5 years on the strip and with another packed crowd last night it goes to show you the added charm will hopefully keep him around for another 5 years. As many others have said.. in the beginning he did start off with an original song of his to show that he indeed CAN sing to prove a point. Then he goes into a stint with his turtle sidekick leaving for Hollywood. In my mind this was heading into "cheesy" territory. I can only imagine what it would've been like to bring a hot date to this show and have her give me that side glance and in her mind say "This damn fool brought me to the Vegas muppets show..smh" After getting past the opening act, I then realize why Terry Fator is not just a one man headliner, I realize why the darn theater is named after him. Some of the best acts were on the way and what started with a half a smirk when into a full on laugh out loud episode. The jokes didn't seem redundant and they really were meant for all ages and groups. He toed the line of being crude but never to the point where people mistaken his show for Absinthe. For the most part, the jokes can perhaps fly over the head of kids and yet there are jokes strictly for kids. It was a great balance. One shtick that I have seen on Youtube was even funnier in person. The Elvis was the closing puppet and rightfully so. The entire bit was pretty much the 101 of comedy and Terry flawlessly delivers it. The crowd was thundering at that point. For all the talent that Terry Fator has, I believe he has some duty to give back to others. I believe you can call it a relief act in dedicating two songs to a child who passed away and military. I respect Terry for making an effort to change the pace of the show for the betterment of a cause, but those two segments completely brought the energy down of the crowd. You can tell the life was slowly sucking out of each and every one of us as the song kept going. Like the opening song.. somehow his originals are just not interesting for the audience. But that's where talent again shines as he does not fail in bringing back the laughs and applause with the proceeding act. Some performers can lose audiences for good but Terry does it with no regret and knows he's got the audience in the palm of his hand. All in all.. I would say a really great show, that can be cheesy (sometimes for the better of the show) that displays pure talent and skill. At the end he got a standing ovation from everyone. Get past the beginning and his originals and you'll still have a great wholesome performance from one of Vegas' best showman!
5	Las Vegas is a first-rate Entertainment Capital of the World. If Las Vegas is a first-rate Entertainment Capital of the World, it's Mirage Hotel & Casino is a first-rate Ventriloquist Palace of the World.    Terry Fator is considered one and possibly the greatest Ventriloquist of the World. He stars in the Mirage Hotel & Casino where Danny Gaines performed. In the tradition of Danny Gaines and Sigfried and Roy, Terry Fator is holding the torch that keeps the Mirage on the Map as a Palace of Entertainment.      One of the highlights of my recent stay-cation was watching The Terry Fator Show.The show started at 7:30 pm. It was 90 minutes of amazement. The entertainment started on the spot when we entered the Terry Fator Theatre. On the stage a dancer was performing next to this giant boom box. The scene looked like a K-Tel album cover from the 1970s. The young man started out as a deejay. As the theatre started to fill in, he became a dancer mimicking the dance moves of the hits on the radio. He did his job. The audience was clapping and ready for the Terry Fator Show.    One word describes the Terry Fator Show: Amazing. Terry is an extremely talented ventriloquist, entertainer, and talented comedian and singer. He channels these talents through his puppets. The puppets were hysterically funny with great pipes. Terry Fator was the voice of the puppets. It amazed me that he never moved his mouth while the puppets spoke. Honestly, I was in such disbelief that I had to question if this is real. So a couple of days after seeing the show I visited YouTube to make sure this is real. With a close up perspective I saw his voice box moving. Now I am convinced! This does bring up a slight issue. That is visibility. Despite the fact that really every seat in the Terry Fator Theatre is first-rate, it is difficult to get a close up of his lip motions.Even with the two overhead monitors!   Terry's puppets are an entertaining supporting cast. The show starts off with Winston the Turtle. He wants to leave the show to be a Hollywood star. Throughout the show between each puppet act, there is a vantage of a Winston the Turtle movie or a news flash of him getting into some kind of trouble in Hollywood. The show ends with Winston returning to Terry Fator. The funniest puppet is Dougie Scott Walker who is a big pot head, This part of the show is loaded with pot jokes. There is a cowboy puppet who is running for president. He jokes that he only has three scandals. At the end of this act, the audience sees the beautiful Taylor Drew who is Terry's Assistant and real-life wife. She carries him off stage. He yells out that he has had four scandals. This is a part of the show where Terry shows off his distant voice. Vikki the Cougar is a puppet that portrays an older starlet. The jokes lean toward sexual innuendos. For example she jokes about taking home an Oscar and a Tony. Wrex the Crash Test Dummy is a puppet that is falling apart. I could go on and on about every puppet. What every puppet has in common is they are entertainers and sing. It's not just the puppets made up from fabric that made me laugh. Near the end of the show, Terry Fator picks a member of the audience that he dresses up as a puppet. Of course it is Terry's ventriloquist talent has the audience on the floor laughing.   There is no intermission in the show. However, there are a couple of times that Terry deviates from the puppets to lead his band through a couple of country songs. The decent songs tell great stories through a good voice.   The Terry Fator Show was $81 a person well-spent. If we didn't use Half Off Tickets, most likely it might of been over $100 a person well-spent. If Yelp has convinced you to see Terry Fator, I recommend first trying Half Off Tickets. Considering that in my opinion a bad seat is nonexistent, a less expensive seat that costs $59 wouldn't be a bad idea.
3	My parents and I saw Terry Fator a few years ago and really enjoyed it. So much that this year, we took my husband and best friend as well. I was pretty disappointed, as now it's obvious that Terry has a platform and is determined to use it. First off, the ventriloquism is great. It's truly impressive that he can sing as well as he does without moving his lips. The jokes are about 70% funny, some very funny and some a bit lame. I enjoy the singing and impressions immensely. If the show was just these things, I'd give 4 or 5 stars to the performance. Now...the one star. Terry now includes three original songs in his show. The first song, a country number, okay, not good, but at least lively. During the middle of the show, Terry launches into preachy sermon time. The song about Horses in Heaven was just a terrible song on its own. But also, the mood was completely dampened by the story about kids with cancer. Seriously? I felt duped and my sense of fairness was outraged. We bought tickets for a funny ventriloquism show, and now I'm being preached at? This segment lasted a long time, and continued with a celebration of the military (fine) and another cheesy, badly written song.  Definitely a damper on the mood. I give this part 1 star, so it evens out to 3 stars. Too bad. We won't be going back.
1	Sadly the 3 original songs from himself ruined the show. Just when u will start enjoying and laughing he will sing one of his songs and put me to sleep. He broke into a story of a kid with cancer that kind of deeped the laughter down because its a sad  story. Like another yelper said; the show is targeted towards older folks any younger people might have a hard time following the music. There was funny parts but the boring and unrelated to comic parts just iverweight every thing else(i would say the DJ in the beggining puts a good show) still 1 star not worth the money.
4	Terry has a good show but the show does go in a weird direction with the horses in heaven bit. He is very talented and I enjoyed the show both times overall. This a very good show for someone that is coming to las vegas for clean fun. For everyone else go to absinthe at caesars.
2	I am teetering between 2 and 3 stars. I guess Meh is more accurate than A-OK. So here it goes, the good and bad. Terry is a talented impersonator. I actually could have tolerated a show without the cheesy comedy and puppets and just enjoyed the impersonations.   So I felt the guy is creepy. He is in his late 40s and is married to a girl, very sexy assistant, in her very early 20s. If a 45 year old guy tried to marry my 21 year old daughter he would be singing several octaves higher. So this hypocrite who left his wife of 20 some years leaves her as soon as he gets a show in Vegas and marries a child who is graduating UNLV in 2014. I say hypocrite because he ruins the show with all of this Jesus preaching. I was so turned off by the sermon that I went home to see what was up with the sex pot on stage and read the story. The jokes were flat. The band was good. His new wife is very sexy but still a child. His original songs were horrible. He can sing but his songs are so depressing and really kill the mood. He does an excellent job with other peoples music. I think he would be better if he did a show like Gordie Brown's. He is much better at singing and impersonating than Gordie Brown and the puppets are distracting and weird. Low lights from the show; Children dying of cancerAll of the turtles adventuresTelling stories about heroes and Jesus and stuff to try to make people cry.  Talking about heavenOriginal music
5	Loved it! Great show! So much fun!
4	This was my second time seeing the Terry Fator show, and I thought it was better this time around than my first time.It never ceases to impress me the range of voices and impressions Fator can do. His impressions really are pretty spot on, and it's amazing that he can do that without moving his lips (although when he sings, you can see just a bit more of the movement than when he's talking, but just barely).I love that he combines music with comedy, and it's obvious he has a lot of talent. I feel like his jokes have gotten better since last time I saw him too. It's pretty awesome that he can do some female voices as well as male voices. His Michael Jackson and Adele were pretty awesome. His Lady Gaga needs work though. His puppets are adorable too. Wrex, Duggie and Emma Taylor are my favorite.I'm just really happy that he didn't do his Horses in Heaven song. Last time when he did it, I felt he got too preachy and it was too heavy handed. Also, his shpeal leading up to the song was wayyy too long. But thankfully he didn't have that this time and I was thoroughly entertained throughout the show.This brings me to his original music. This time he had two original songs...a country opener and a tribute to military. Honestly, I have no problem with him singing his own songs...as long as the bulk of his show is his ventriloquism/comedy act, I'm ok with him throwing in a few of his own things. (Even in other shows like Cirque du Soleil where you're there for the acrobatics, random comic relief bits are thrown in, so it's fine that Fator's act is not entirely about the puppets). And I think with just two songs...it was fine. That being said, his songs are just meh. They're very heartfelt, but they're never going to hit the top of any music chart. Whatever...it's fine. But like I said, I'm just glad he kept the bulk of his show to his ventriloquism/puppets/impressions.Also the bits with his assistant/wifey seem really forced. They're still kind of funny, but eh...she doesn't really add anything to the show in my opinion.There was one thing that I really disliked though. from the stage at some points, there was a really bright light, and I don't know if it was just bad angling or what, but in a few points during the show, it would hit me right in the eyes. (I was sitting in the middle-ish of section 101, row g) It was blinding, and I really didn't appreciate it. I had to kind of cover my eyes, it was so bright.Overall an entertaining show, and I'm glad I got to see it again.
4	Review for Terry Fator show in March 2014.  I absolutely love Terry Fator.  This is my second time seeing this show and once again he did not disappoint.  Terry Fator is multi-talented, singing, voices and bringing these puppets to life.  You really do forget that they are not real, living, breathing people, but all figments of Terry Fator.  It's awesome.The show flows well and never gets boring.  Although, this time when I saw it, there are parts of the story where he tells a sad story that kind of brings down the levity of the show a bit.  He sings a couple of slow songs but all of this is for a good cause.  Still, I would prefer to have it upbeat the entire show.  I don't remember in sad parts the first time I saw the show.Either way, I would highly recommend this show for all ages.
5	Great show. Terry is funny!!! Has a lot of good acts & is amazing. I liked how the theatre has TV screens so you can see the show if your sitting on the sides of the theater vs in the middle. Place was packed, I don't' think there were any open seats. Only bad thing is concession stand lines were long & slow. I missed part of the show due to waiting in line for popcorn & a drink. :-( Definetly a show to go see!!
3	When I spend my hard earned money to see a Vegas show, I expect to be entertained...to laugh...to enjoy myself.  I appreciate Terry's support of the military, but please, PLEASE Terry...take the story about the boy with cancer out of your show.  Nice way to bring down the mood!  Want to see a funny ventriloquist?  Go see Jeff Dunham instead.
3	We came here to see Boys 11 Men. Upon arrival someone was sitting in my seat. She was nice about moving back to her real seat. We didn't know what to expect since we've never been to this theater. We had pretty good seats, straight in the center. To me, the show was just okay. I loved Boyz 11 Men growing up but there was alot of talking during the concert and alot of crazy women running up to the stage to get roses from the performers. I guess if you are a die hard fan, it's not bad. But I did like singing along to their romantic tunes. So yeah, it was just okay.
5	This was such an entertaining show - the man is extremely talented.We lucked out in our timing, and got to go watch the show during his Christmas special.  Between the show, the voices, and the songs we were thoroughly pleased with our choice to go see him live.
5	Terry Fator show was very good, I'm not one for comidies. however I really liked this show, very talented.
5	So much fun! And so many laughs! We received a 20% discount on our seats because we were staying at the Mirage and we were about 15 rows back and could see great! This theater really does not have a bad seat, it is on the smaller side and all seats seem to have a good view. When you arrive, they have a very entertaining DJ playing all different kinds of music and he is an amazing dancer. The show keeps you engaged, entertained, and laughing. The variety of characters he has is great, and it is a nice touch that the money from the stuff they sell after the shows goes to veteran's families. Great show that I would recommend seeing to anyone of any age.
5	Great show!  Not just ventriloquism, but he shows off his singing voice.  One of the few things to do on the strip with kids.
5	I have been to a lot of shows in Vegas over the year. This was in the top 20% which makes it 5 stars easily in my book. I didn't think I would be a big fan of a ventriliquist but he was awesome! Funny, charming, the show moved along quickly, and there isn't a bad seat in the house. We received a 20% discount for staying at the Mirage so make sure you ask! When you get there, they have a DJ on the stage playing great tunes and he is a great dancer! Terry Fator had about 6 different pupets and each was funnier than the next. I really like the cougar and the pot dispencer ones. He was able to link the whole show together as well so it didn't seem like chopped up segments. I also think this is a show that really appeals to a very wide audience where some of the Vegas shows do not.
4	Very entertaining show lots fun had front row seats  lots singing lots laughs. Terry Somes off very stuck up very little audience involvement no shaking hands no visits with the people who have made him need.to Rember the past before he was a star take lesson from penn and teller there bigger than he is and the shake hands and personal talk to everyone who attends there show they know where the cash Somes from
5	I loved his show, hilarious!!! If you come to Vegas, definitely try to see this show.. he's so talented.  I love his dedication to our troops too.
5	Terry Fator is AMAZING!!!!!Worth every penny and then some...  They say you have to practice something 10,000 hours to be an expert - well he definitely has.Pay the extra $$$ and get seats within the first ten rows and try to get toward the center.Absolutely one of the best shows I've ever seen in Vegas.
1	This was so bad everyone in the wedding party visiting got up half way through. I go to comedy shows regularly and I have seen local opening acts that held my attention better. Save your $! Don't waste your time!
5	this guy so so talented. i can see why he won AGT. even if he wasn't a ventriloquist, he would still be amazing. his voice is amazing. my only complaint about the show was the awkward break in the middle where he breaks into an original song about our military/police/fireman, etc. while i appreciate our armed forces very much, this part of the show was random and did not make any sense in the context of the rest of the show.
5	This is a great show. His way with the puppets and music is very creative and wonderful to hear and watch. I would see this again
5	This is the show for all ages !!  Have enjoyed his special Christmas show and regular shows - they all have been very wholesome and throughly enjoyable by joung and old !!!
5	Saw Daniel Tosh here 11/7/14.....he is freaking hilarious.  Our seats were awesome!  The laughs were nonstop.  There was only one obnoxious person in the audience that kept shouting our stuff during his performance.
5	Went for Kevin James and Ray Romano, and some real good treat from special guest Adam Sandler!!!! I was so excited and happy! OhMy, I adore comedians, they are so funny and smart, unbelievably adorable! First time been to this theater at The Mirage, this is a huge and beautiful place, the waiting area is huge too, an enormous concession stand offers beverages, alcohols and snacks. We bought a large margarita and two shots, they were tasty. This show was completely sold out, they even added more seats on the side aisles, hubby managed to get us two seats in the first few rows, close to the stage, but not at the very front cause they were all sold out, it was still good enough for me I guess.This show ran more than two hours, but it felt so short, good jokes after good jokes, Adam Sandler's singing jokes were extremely funny! Both Kevin James and Ray Ramono were so talented, they made jokes on everyday life, marriage and kids! I especially love Kevin James's joke about people who love fish, I am a Pesce and I love fish, I could never imagined he would think us like that, so mean but super funny too! There were some sex jokes too, I saw a couple left when the sex jokes started, what's up with that? We are all adults, and their sex jokes were witty and classic, not dirty at all in my point of view, it's just what we all experience in our lives! I am so glad we saw this show, I love stand-up comedy! It's pure talent, they entertain people by telling jokes! I think that's just AMAZING!
5	So, so funny. I'd definitely recommend it. Terry is a great impersonator and comedian and then there's the ventriloquism too!  Content is definitely aimed at those in late 30s, early 40s.
5	A must see at this place dedicated to performing artists (NV Place des Arts). First, the architecture impresses us with its startling originality. A brief exploration of one hour is enough to visit the interior well worth the effort. Fun to take dozens of photos from all angles of the Mecca of Hollywood culture. I recommend it to anyone visiting NV . Translation devices provided to visitors.
3	Entertaining. Recommend sitting 4+ rows back from stage. Loud speakers and if you're too close you see too much to let your imagination drift. Favorite puppet, Vicki the cougar. Too funny! Cowboy Christmas theme was very clever and well orchestrated. Band members looked terribly bored.
4	I've been to both his Christmas Show and his regular show, if you can go to the Christmas show its worth it, but his regular show is great too. He has at least 6 or more dolls he introduces, each with their own voice and style of singing. Its a very comical show. He does an homege to our troops which is actually very emotional for the audience.The funniest part is at the end when he chooses a man from the audience and has them come up to the stage and puts on a puppet mask on them and makes them dress up as Dolly Parton. He will even make them dance.Price: $59.99, $79.99, $99.99, $129.99, $149.99Fees: 10% LET + $9.85 service fee per ticket
1	If I could give a zero I would.  My date got the tickets so I went along.  These types of shows are in my opinion boting.  The guy cannot ding.  He isn't funny and ventriloquism is out of date.  A total waste of money.  Avoid at all costs.
