4	Chompies has been around long enough to be a Phoenix (moving) Landmark.  When I moved here they were on 32nd Street between Shea and Cactus.... Now, after a couple of new openings and a couple of moves, they have 3 locations.  I have to admit, I like the newest location the best.  They have moved to Paradise Valley Mall and have a great spot there.  They have access from inside the mall, as well as their own door on the outside just south of the Dillards entrance on the East end of the mall.The new location affords them a few advantages they didn't have in their old place.  They have windows..... lots and lots of windows.  They have more space.  From the looks of it, the kitchen is larger, and they have a whole side of the place, near the outside door that is dedicated to carry-out service.Chompies is all about east coast comfort food.... Jewish style, but they have taken Jewish soul food to a whole new place.   They have elevated the art of artery destruction by taking 3 or 4 of those familiar comfort foods and layering them to greasy carb and fat filled perfection, to create dishes that even have comforting names... like knish dish, or Sarah's Favorite, or Grandma Sadie's Meatloaf.   Where else can you get a huge potato knish, cut in half like a hamburger bun, piled high with corned beef and sauerkraut, then topped with cheese and broiled till bubbly?There have never been many places in town where a die hard bagel fan can get a "real" bagel in all it's boiled and seeded glory.... but Chompies has always been there.  The best day to pick up bagels by the dozen is on Wednesday.  Your money goes farther on Wednesday because they sell 1 and a half dozen for the dozen price. They have an extensive selection of bakery goods as well.  I have never preferred their baked goods other than the bagels. The baked goods all taste the same to me.  I find that odd since i don't think mandelbroit is supposed to taste the same as a black and white cookie. I'm sure someones grandma made all their cookies taste the way Chompies does.... but not my grandma.  It's all fine with me though.... The main courses and all the appetizers are soooooo good that I never have room for any cake or cookies after a meal at Chompies.
4	Ok, so I've only eaten here once, which is why I only gave this place 4 stars.  I was on a drive from Austin to San Jose and met a friend of mine here for breakfast, and wow, what a way to start the home stretch of my long drive!I had the corned-beef hash skillet and good lord, that's some good corned-beef hash!  Some home-fries, a couple of eggs sunnyside up and a handful of cheese....AWESOME.  Keep in mind, this meal was over a year ago and I remember it vividly :)If I am ever in Phoenix, I'm heading straight for Chompie's.
4	I really dig Chompie's new location in PV Mall.  Much nicer than the dated '80 murals and design of the old 32nd street location.Chompie's is always my standby when I feel like having breakfast for dinner.  Last night I treated myself to some delicious whole wheat pancakes (they have a nice hint of cinnimon) and some hash browns.  It was tasty and filling.  No complaints.The service at Chompie's has always been excellent.  The staff is friendly and you get served quickly.
4	I also like the new PV Mall location.  Much roomier.  I always felt like I was on top of everyone else at the Greenway location.I go for the bagels.  I haven't found a bagel I like better than Chompie's.  Best. Bagels. In. Town.
4	Went here for dinner tonight.  Service was great.  They still bring out the plate of pickles, but now they also brought slices of challah bread and rolls (the onion one is awesome).I had the Vegetarian Delight Sandwich.  Very tasty.  The vegetable cream cheese on the sandwich was excellent.  Huge portions.  The tomato soup was good as well, but not as good as the soup at Bravi.I tasted some of the onion strings.  Delicious.  They had a dipping sauce that was a bit spicy.  It was good too.My husband got Aaron's Choice - some kind of pastrami/corned beef sandwich.  He liked it, but prefers Miracle Mile.  Overall a good dining experience, and I got some bagels to go!
4	Definitely the only place that I feel safe ordering a bagel with lox, cream cheese, and chopped liver!Great food, good service, and I absolutely love the new location in Paradise Valley! Also, the portion sizes are huge, so you can have breakfast, lunch, and dinner in one meal. The kids portions are huge as well.Build one in the East Valley please!!
5	This new spot is soooo NYC.  It reminds me of back home only better.  The bagels are the perfectly baked & deliciously chewy !  Yum.  Tasty mazo ball soup( chicken soup) with boiled veggies & shreds of chicken.  I feel so good when I eat it.  Healthy, like I'm doing something good for me! Service was good, plenty of food. Go hungry or take some home for later!
4	So Deli is always in my vocab especially before holiday - G'Mar Tov!!Bryan and I have been here a few times since opening - had one bad experience with cold food. But Chompie's just knows how to hit the spot... ya know!!I love the Mushroom Barley Soup, Split Pea Soup, the Burgers, my all-time fav knishes...OH and of course any-type of corned beef sandwich!!YUM!!!Service sometimes can be a hit or miss at this location but still a regular favorite of mine - true COMFORT food!!
4	I finally made it to this Chompie's location... and just like the rest of the Chompie's I've been to, it goes to the category "Best Deli in AZ" - still not New York, and I think I may even prefer Goldberg's in Atlanta, but in Phoenix, Chompie's is the place!We were there for dinner and I did order one thing that I never ordered from Chompie's before... Sweet Potato Fries!  Yes, Chompie's has pretty good sweet potato fries - yay!  I filled up on pickles and I also had a salad and a scoop of their whitefish salad.  (I probably would not order that again).  Stick with knishes, bagels, sandwiches, and even omelettes - you'll be pleased.  Oh - and I cannot forget their soups... especially matzah ball and kreplach - yummy!  And if you have a sweet tooth, there is PLENTY to choose from!Now I'm craving Chompie's again... I have to figure out which location is closest to my new digs!
2	Oy ve iz mir!Not to be a kvetch....but I consider myself to be an expert on Jewish delis.  As a New Yorker from a predominantly Jewish area and married to a Jew, I've had more than my fair share of experiences at them.  My husband and I woke up this morning with a burning desire for a good bagel, corned beef on rye, and a knish.  So I schlepped all the way up to the PV Mall to get it.Ok, first of all, the decor is terribly schlocky.  Its kind of like the tourist trap Jewish deli you find in Times Square.  Its like a Disney version of a NY deli.  I take my number and head over to the cold case to get some drinks....of course they didn't have regular lemon Snapple (and why should they?  Its not like every deli, pizza place, and convenience store in NY carries it....) but they did have Dr. Brown's Cel-Ray which is always a welcome sight.  Another thing they had in the cold case which I found to be odd were jars of Nathan's pickles.  Nathan's, like the hot dog place.  I would imagine a Jewish deli would have Ba Tampte pickles....I didn't even know Nathan's made pickles!  It was a little lame to be honest.Anyways, I go up to the counter where there doesn't seem to be anyone working.  There was no organization to it.  So I waited.  And waited.  In New York, the deli is a finely tuned machine designed to move people quickly.  Chompie's? Eh, not so much.  When I finally did place my order, the guy who took it had a hard time punching it into the computer and asked me to repeat it several times.  Despite saying I wanted my bagel toasted several times I was given a cold, untoasted bagel.  I waited a little longer for my order to come up and went on my merry way.  Here is the breakdown of the food we ordered-Matzoh ball soup- Surprisingly good.  I have never had matzoh ball soup with carrots and celery...so much chazerei!  Just give me the matzoh ball! Although, I will admit, it was solid.  I wouldn't go all the way to Chompie's for it because I know that I can make it better in my own kitchen. Plain bagel "toasted" with cream cheese- Terrible.  The bottom of the bagel was entirely too thick and was very hard.  They didn't even cut it all the way through, probably because the crust is too thick! Corned beef on rye- Meh.  The corned beef wasn't very good, it wasn't corned enough.  If they make their own they didn't use a piece of brisket that was fatty enough.  The rye (which was not marble rye...) was lackluster.   It couldn't handle the corned beef, became soggy, and eventually fell apart.  The pickle it came with was the grossest thing I've ever seen.  And it was definitely a kosher dill, even though I asked for a half sour.  The potato salad was actually really good though.Knish- Terrible.  The knishes in my elementary school cafeteria were better than this.  First of all, the outer crust was way too flimsy.  It should have been much, much, thicker, especially considering the gargantuan size of the knish.  We essentially ate a large plate of mashed potatoes.  The potato inside itself was unremarkable.  Not only do I have this Jewish thing going on but I'm also Irish....I've never met a potato dish I didn't like.  Until today.  I didn't even finish my half of the knish. Now for the prices.  What's with this meshugas?  $2.29 for a bagel with cream cheese is a tad much.  In NY they run you about $1.35.  The corned beef sandwich was $12.50!  Now, I've paid that much for sandwiches in NY before but you get 2 lbs of meat and several layers of sandwich!  This was not a $12.50 sandwich.  I was also going to get us some whitefish salad to sample but at $15.99/lbs it wasn't happening.  Why anyone should schlep all this way, in this heat, schvitzing all over, for this dreck?  I don't know!
4	It's simple. I really wanted - scratch that - NEEDED a pastrami sandwich on Christmas. And thanks to some wonderful cultural differences, Chompie's was open. The rest is history.
2	People say this place is good, but my experience was bad on all fronts - food, service, and management.   Our waiter was utterly clueless about deli cuisine, let alone the Jewish specialties.  Unable to coherently answer whether potato latkes were made fresh or if they were reheated, didn't quite understand knishes, you get the picture.  Plus it seemed he had no training in the basics of waiting tables.   Like when he left his shift without telling us he was handing our table over to another server.... seriously???  I thought the pea soup was too salty, until I tasted the pastrami sandwich that was practically inedible.  And this was after I had gone to the deli counter to see whether their meats were any good!  The manager on duty explained that the soup can get salty if it's been on the burner all day.  Great, but shouldn't someone check on that from time to time?  Re: pastrami, she checked the meat and and confirmed it was over the top.  According to the deli guy every once in a blue moon they'll get a piece of meat that wasn't cured properly.  I mentioned the poor service and the manager excused it due to our server being new. She was sorry I had a bad experience, and offered a replacement sandwich or desert to go.  I didn't need more food, nor did I want to even try if they couldn't prepare food correctly twice.  It would have been better to offer to take my meal off the bill completely, which I would have asked for if it weren't for one of my friends picking up the bill.Three good things I can say about this place - the kugel was excellent, the knishes were pretty decent, and they serve Dr. Brown's soda.  Otherwise - MEH!It's possible that my experience was a fluke, and that I just happened to have a perfect storm of untrained server, incompetent management and poorly prepared food.  May be if one of those had gone right I'd feel differently, but as it was I would give this place a miss.
2	I came away from my third meal here confused and a little perplexed.  Ate there three times before reviewing to make sure my ducks were in a row.  Why confused?  because I'm not sure why this place has to be so darned expensive.  It's a sandwich, kids.  A sandwich.  Bread, meat, cheese.  I understand about overhead and stuff, but you're telling me this masterpiece of sandwich technology is worth $14?  I'm not so sure.  Don't get me wrong... you won't leave here hungry.  The aforementioned meat portion is flat out huge... my mandibles were unable to get around the top and bottom of it in the same bite episode, forcing me to attack from somewhere in the middle.  The sandwich... "Aaron's Choice" featured both corned beef and pastrami, some slaw, and 1000 Island dressing.  (AKA a New Yorker)  The onion roll assigned to the task of containing all this sandwichy goodness gave a great effort, but collapsed in defeat about 3/4 of the way through, forcing me to finish off with a fork.  Some very good, room-temp Swiss took the flavor to a higher level, but all in all... it's a SANDWICH.  By the time the beverage, tax and tip are factored in, I've just blown $20 for lunch on ...a sandwich.  Good flavor and pretty good service, yes... but I could do lunch at Ruth's Chris for about the same financial outlay.  Sorry Chompie's... two stars.
4	Makes some of my favorite bagels in the world.  Great place for breakfast, but the challah is a little sketchy some days, knowing a Jewish friend.  I can also get my Chompies bagels at the grocery store which another added plus.
3	My grandfather, who's from New York, has been taking me to this chain since before I even knew how to spell Chompies correctly. In my opinion, the best thing here always has been and always will be their pastries. Their black and whites are still the best I've had with the ones from Canter's in LA running a close second.As for the rest of their food, it's not bad. It's not great, but it definitely runs a fine line between mediocre and pretty good. I think the issue is that the food is so filling and you just keep eating it even though you're stomach is screaming at you to convince you that it can't hold anymore. It's like comfort food with a vengeance. Go for the matzo ball soup, but DON'T order the fried matzo ball appetizer. It sounds potentially good, but it's deceptive.In all, you've got to give props to this place for sticking around this long and still being family run. I'll still come back here, but I think it will be for the pastries rather than what I can get as a meal.
3	The food was good, much better than Miracle Mile. The only thing I found odd was that they were serving alcohol to a bunch of obnoxious and loud kids at 10AM on a Saturday morning. Drunken, tattooed limp bizkit wannabes don't do much for the atmosphere of the place. Other than that, I thought it was well worth the trip.
2	While the food is ok, who wants to pay $15 for a roast beef sandwich. Jasons Deli is a much better deal.
3	Yeah, Chompies is good. This location is huge with a bakery and a restaurant. Food portions for some items are waaaay too big for my taste. Unnecessarily big. Even my turkey burger was crazy big. Fries served today were cold =( Server was attentive, helpful and flexible. Burger was good all the way around; but not memorable. Sandwich I had on my first trip was also good, but not memorable. Service during this visit was definitely memorable. Oh, and I love black and whites from Chompies. Not the way I love them when I'm in NY, but I still love them here.
2	I am so angry with you, Chompie's!!!  My sister and I were craving a Chompie's bagel so we swing by the PV Mall location to pick some up.We were in there for over 20 minutes and exited WITHOUT A BAGEL and without our number being called.  We pulled #29 and it was on #26 the entire time we were in there... And when we would try to ask what was going on, we were SHUNNED!  SHUNNED?  I was trying to ask if we need to stand somewhere specific, ask why people coming in after us were already home eating their bagels.  But I couldn't even get that far.This Goldstein is going somewhere else from now on.  Well, maybe.... Chompie's Bagels are so good, at least they used to be, I wouldn't know because I never got one!
2	Oy,  Here is what.  I wanted a celery soda, liverwurst sandwich and black and white cookie.  All were obtained and enjoyed but extracting them from Chompie's at PV was a serious pain in the tushie.First, I get to the mall door coming from DIllard's at 8:42 pm.  The door was locked!  I made sure to leave Dillard's early enough to make Chompie's insanely early 9pm closing time.  I very rarely eat before 10 so I was already put out.  WHY do does anyone close their kitchen before 11 in Phoenix is beyond me but that is a separate issue.I check my phone for the time to make sure I have not lost time in a department store and voila!  A man comes and opens the door for me saying he had locked that side early.  Here is a thing with me as this has happened before at many establishments in this valley.  If your closing time is 10pm you had better not even TOUCH that door before 10 PM is registered on  a GPS calibrated device.  Not restaurant time, not imaginary friend time.  REAL time.  Open until whatever o'clock means that I am to be served until that time.  Receiving no direction I wander to the counter.  There is beer on tap and OH how I would love one but I sense lingering over a beer might get my food spit in.  I go to the deli and make my order.  I had to ask for normal black and whites as only Chinese almond are displayed.  Yum pumpernicle bread! Yum celery soda! Yum liverwurst!Unfortunately all was packed to go without consulting me.  I intended to eat there.  There is a large sign on the counter indicating select pastry is half off after 3!  I had to ask what was included as nothing indicated the days choices.  Oh well.  Then the whammie.  Dr. Brown's Cel-ray soda is 2.39 for a CAN.  Are you kidding me?  Who charges 2.39 for a can of anything?  It's more than a ball-park can.  Ugh.  I read the can. Since when is a traditionally kosher soda made with hi fructose corn syrup?!?!The end times are coming.  I think I am done with Chompie's.  I have worked in the industry most of my adult life and would not close a main entrance before closing time with the exceptions of safety and emergency.  Nor would I give anything less than full service to anyone who arrived before the appointed time with the exception of liquor licensing regulated situations.  It is true, in a bar situation you have to be strict and run people off but in a primarily dining establishment if you make it in under the wire you are good.  There have been many an evening where close was 10 pm but I have been at work until after 12 because of this and I expect nothing less in return. All the foodstuff I ordered was correct and delicious but the pricing and convenience factor are so awful I can not recommend this place. Bummer as I am all about local businesses being successful. I am between 3 and 2 stars for this.  The food was really good and so I started with the 3 but as I wrote the review I became increasingly angry with the pricing and closing time attitude.  I will say that the lady at the counter was very nice and with the exception of making my order to go was quite patient...  Chompie's, pull it together!  Don't charge higher than NY prices in Phoenix. 2.5 stars but I won't round up.
3	I went to the PV Mall location of Chompie's for the first time recently for lunch.  I hadn't been to Chompie's since they moved from their Greenway location.  The three of us were seated quickly and greeted shortly thereafter by our waiter.  After a few minutes of deciding, we ordered.  I split one of their big ol' sandwiches with my wife.  Can't remember the name, but it was named after something in NY (brooklyner, holland tunnel, staten island, etc.).  It was basically a sandwich with turkey and roast beef piled high, with an extra piece of rye bread in the middle.  We liked it, but my jaw hurt afterwards from trying to jam that huge sandwich in my pie-hole, oh vey!  The other person in our party ordered some type of sandwich, along with a Dr. Brown's Cream Soda.  Can't go wrong there, however, at one point, our waiter came over with another can of soda when the original cup was just about drained.  As far as I'm aware, there was no discussion of the additional can, it just appeared, which would make it seem as if it was complimentary.  Unfortunately, it did appear on the bill...at $2.29 (or something like that) each, that is quite the refill fee, especially for someone that didn't ask!  We didn't fuss about that, but it is definitely a major annoyance to me, when places don't have free refills, but give you said refill as if it were free, not even asking if you'd like.  On the way out, we hit the bakery for the bagels and some black and whites.  We got some pumpkin (and other assorted) bagels, but no black and whites.  Why not, you ask?  Because for the season, they had orange and browns!  Feeling festive we got a couple of these.  Maybe they should call the originals brown and whites, because the chocolate frosting didn't change color.  The orange frosting was just the normal frosting with food coloring.  But they were as good as black and whites usually are, so no complaints.  The bagels over the next few days were good as well.Three stars for Chompie's.  Probably would have been a four if not for the 'soda incident'.
4	I love Chompie's, but then again I am a sucker for a Monte Cristo sandwich and bagels.  I have been to this location twice now since I finally found somewhere besides Disneyland that I can get a Monte Cristo.  How can you not love this deep fried goodness dipped in a strawberry per-serve? Its huge, and its yummy, but I recommend sharing it with someone or you will regret it!  Haven't really had much else on their menu except just a breakfast bagel sandwich which was good also. Service is ok, but I don't expect much when I am at diners, I know I am not going to get 5 star service, so I usually don't get disappointed.  Their kids meals are great, and my son gets a huge cookie when he leaves, he loves this.
3	Without inserting a single cutesy Yiddish-ism, I will say that Chompie's is predictably mediocre and makes up for quality with quantity. The food is good, OK, reasonably satisfying, but not amazing and crave-worthy. The portions are absurd. The little bakery delights in the case are surprisingly expensive, and usually end up looking better than they taste. Again, they're not overtly horrible, but not great. Totally meh. The exception is the little chocolate-dipped butter cookies. I can easily eat pounds and pounds of them. They are light and melt-in-your-mouth yummy. I usually wouldn't even bother to write a meh review, because really, who cares? But today, when we went for breakfast, I had a go cup of Circle K coffee with me, the hostess told me I wasn't allowed to have it for "health department reasons". How stupid do I look, exactly? She said she could "hold" it for me up front until we were done eating or she could toss it. I told her the coffee would simply sit on the floor under the booth where she wouldn't see it. Is she high? That's the stupidest thing I ever heard. The server was at least slightly embarrassed and offered to get me a Chompie's mug to pour the coffee into. In retrospect, I should have done that because the house coffee was awful. How jacked up is that?!
4	I think Chompie's has the best breakfast in town. The omelets here are really good and cheesy just the way I like em and the potatoes on the side are oh so tasty. I also love how they have every condiment you need on the table already. The breakfast is great but they also serve sandwiches, wraps, soup, salad, and Jewish cuisine like matzo ball soup and potato pancakes! I have tried a few things off the menu and I have never been disappointed.
3	I'm still angry that they moved further away from me and now that they are in the mall it's too crowded.  Aside from this, I do like chompies' bagels and cookies.  Actually, I love their cookies.  They are soooo yummy.  If you are in the mall and just want dessert, order some cookies and take them out somewhere to sit in the mall.  I don't have patience to sit in a overly crowded mall resteraunt so they lost my sit down and eat business with their location change.
2	With an exception for the bagel and egg morning special the food is overpriced and I've had better. A small sandwhich for $13 or $14 with a 1/8 cup of bad potatoe salad just isn't my idea of a fair or pleasant lunch (Aaron's Fav), The staff openly complaining about one another is always a turn off to me no matter where it happens and it has happened here more times than I care to record. By far their best asset in staffing is the waitress Donna. She quickly remembers you and how you take your coffee and tries effortlessly it seems to make your visit an enjoyable one.
1	Chompies is awful, my New Year's resolution is to never step foot in a chompies again. The food is always mediocre at best. The service is always super slow no matter how busy it is. I swear that they put some sort of laxative in the eggs because I can never get home quick enough. If you like crappy deli food go to Chompies , if you like halfway decent deli go to Scott's.
3	We were in Phoenix on vacation from our home in Oregon and talking about food, our favorite subject, with a local  resident and commenting that we sure wished we could find a good bagel. That led him to tell us about Chompies where he said one could find not only great bagels but other Jewish bakery delights.  So off we went the next morning to Chompie's for breakfast.First to say one of us is originally from New York, Brooklyn to be exact, and so "are you talkin'' to ME?"  attitude at service counters is not new to us.  Nor is it even a problem for us...you can't eat friendly service, after all.  And sometimes a little 'tude even makes us feel like we are home.  But, the attitude of the counter staff at Chompie's was a bit much, even for us.Then, it turns out that the pastries and cookies we bought were just OK...not bad Hammentaschen and rugelah, as example, but not the best we've had either.  Not to mention way too expensive.  The wait for a table was a LONG one but when we were finally seated the waiter who served us at breakfast was pretty friendly (and with a NY accent you could cut with a knife - music to our ears).   But the prices for breakfast really were outrageous.  Still,  here is the saving grace that makes this a three star and not a two star rating.  The fried egg and bagel sandwich one of us had for breakfast was good..  And the chopped liver and onions on a bagel with a side of coleslaw the other one of us had was really good. (Coleslaw is too a breakfast food.)  Maybe it's because we hadn't been able to get chopped liver for some time, but it was very tasty indeed.  That said, we're soon to be in Phoenix again and based on reviews from other Yelpers, this time for our chopped liver and bagel fix we'll try Scott's Deli instead.
3	It is difficult writing a review.  This restaurant changes in quality, portions and pricing quite frequently.  I have to say that I do enjoy the food, but the prices are expensive, too expensive - it is NY style deli!  A sandwich with an ice tea after tip is closing in on $20.00.The staff are hit and miss; some good, some have these artificially less than genuine NY style bad ass attitudes - too funny!The corn beef, pastrami and turkey is all good as is the cole slaw.  The desserts are simply fantastic.  Again, a piece of 7 layer cake for $5.00 or so is not something I care to remember or repeat.I am probably one of the few that miss the atmosphere of the old location on Greenway.  The new location is just to artificial and kitsche.  The wait in line can be frustrating - the greeters tend to deflate the actual wait times - try it with a three year old.The food is good, but don't choke when you get the check.
3	By far the BEST BAGELS IN TOWN. The chopmie bagel in the grocery store are different then the ones at the restaurant deli. Go to the restaurant and get them.  I like this place for many reasons but dislike for many reasons as well. The food is great,  Best bagels ever, unreal sandwiches. All the servers act like they would rather be somewhere else and the prices are way to high. The pastry counter always looks so good but everything in there is stale and has been sitting out for to long. A sandwich can range from $10-14, for a sandwich, um, there good but a little expensive for a sandwich. I will never get bagels anywhere else, but as far as eating here I will do it cause its good but if the prices were a little lower I would be a regular. And the hostest with the short black hair needs to lose her attitude. She also needs to do something different with that hair of hers. lol
4	Nom! I think that as Jewish delis go, this one is really good. It's not my dead Jewish grandmother's kitchen, so fine, they don't get the fifth star.
3	Chompie's is to dining out what War and Peace is to reading.  Huge menu, most with huge servings, big space with decor that is anything but serene, wait staff with huge personalities, and getting through it takes forever when you take into account finding a parking spot and waiting for a table.  I have to prepare myself mentally for a visit there and usually leave exhausted anyway.  The food's a mix of hit and miss - offer that many items and odds are some won't work.  Can't go wrong with the enormous sandwiches and amazing chicken soup, though!
5	For Phoenix, the pastrami at Chompies is unbeatable...period.
3	OMG huge sandwiches.  I could not even fit the monte cristo in my mouth without heavy squishing beforehand.  It wasnt the best but it was the biggest I had eaten.  Big menu but things tend to be a little greasy and the  bakery stuff was a bit stale when we got it home.  Still pretty good!
4	Large portions all around... my sister had the lox, my nephew had the corned beef and I had an omelet... great food and great prices. I would say it's an authentically Kosher place except for ham on the menu as well as the number of dishes mixing meat and dairy. Excellent bagels, however. As General MacArthur said, I shall return.
1	I can't eat here anymore. The food is fine and the bagels are the best in town. The shit attitudes and poor service kill it. Fuck Chompie's!
4	We have been going to the Chompie's on Shea for over two years and really enjoyed the Hometown NY food and atmosphere. It reminded us of all the good things that you would find at Katz's in lower Manhattan. Okay, so why the setup for another Chompie's location?  Well the last few times at the Shea location we sat and waited, and waited(15 mins or so) for our waiter to come by and ask us for our drink order. Hey, when you're busy that's to be understood -- but our waiter was on break most of time and the place was half empty.  Also, it seems whenever we asked for anything (pickles, napkins, etc) our waiter seemed fairly indifferent to us.  It happened a few more times on different visits and so we had enough. Well, our trek in the desert has been rewarded. This Chompie's (PV Mall) is everything the other one wasn't.  The wait staff came by immediately and ask about our drink order & offered suggestions on different menu items. We were thrilled. We didn't realize there was another Chompie's nearby.  And the food was great (just like the one on Shea)!From now on we will shlep the extra 10 minutes to the PV Mall location and will try to forget all about the other one over on Shea.  If you're into Katz's and some Catskill theater then you might enjoy the Chompie's on Shea, we didn't!  When the wait staff stand around talking while you're hungry, it's a real mood kill.So go to Chompie's at the PV Mall and enjoy the food and service and feel free tip generously.  Oh, BTW there's a ton of parking available at PV another difference in their favor.  Enjoy!
2	After seeing the Phoenix edition of Man v. Food, I thought I would stop by and eat here since I was passing through Phoenix.  Of course, I didn't try the slider challenge but I did order the jewish sliders made famous by Adam Richman.To tell you the truth, I didn't really like the sliders at all.  I ordered the 3 sliders and my other had the western sliders.  Both of them didn't really have much flavor to it.  I didn't really like the bread as well.  The pricing was also horrendous.  3 sliders for $11?  And not including any sides?  Shall I come again?  No thanks.The only thing that prevented it from getting a one star is the cookies at the deli.  The small peanut butter filled cookies are delicious!  Pass on the food and just come here for dessert!
2	We had a fimily affair at Chompies (20 pp) on a quiet Sun. afternoon.  The service was OK, it was a tough crowd.  My 8 yr. old grand daughter wanted a bagel with a slice of Lox on it, I was informed that she would have to order the $12.95 platter.  I said all she wants is a bagel with a piece, was told the owner said not available.  I later talked to the owner and said I should have taken the leftovers home. (Not the point)  I used to eat there for the last 30 yrs.
4	I went to Chompie's with a severe craving for matzo ball soup. While I was there I picked up some day old bagels and a turkey sandwich as well. The soup? FRIGGIN AWESOME!!!! My mouth still waters when I think about it. So damn good! The day old mixed bagel bag? AMAZING! Day old? Really? I couldn't tell. Even when they were a few days old in my cupboard they still tasted great. My reason for the 4 star rating? You guessed it- the turkey sandwich. Now I am not a big sandwich person to begin with, but here was the problem: I ordered a turkey ruben, but was asked what kind of bread, cheese, toppings...??? What? I thought a turkey ruben was a turkey ruben and didnt have choices, so I'm like- "I"ll just have it how it normally is done". Well I ended up with a dry-ass plain turkey sandwich. No ruben to it. I was upset, and I had gotten it to go so there was no going back. Maybe I wasn't clear or the cashier didnt here the "ruben" part but anyway, it was a botched visit. I plan on hitting them up again soon and trying again- in house this time. Even if I dont get another sandwich, the matzo ball soup is worth a return visit all by itself!
5	Went back for the Matzo ball soup when I came down with a head cold and never felt better after eating it! The best I have had in town!
4	Relative to Carnegie's in NYC, Langer's in LA, Zingerman's in Ann Arbor and other world class delis, Chompie's gets a 4. Relative to anything else in AZ, it's more like a 5. The food is on the mark, the selection is very good and the PV location ambiance and service are great. Plus one has to love the fact that it's a sit-down restaurant, a walk-up deli, a coffee shop, a sports bar and an outdoor patio all-in-one. The only draw-back seems to be the longer-than-average waits... no doubt a reflection on the popularity of the place. Although they probably could use a couple more workers in the kitchen and servers on the floor to handle the volume of customers.
2	Pretty boring sandwich, unless you just really like meat. Service was downright rude. Overheard the server talking smack about us because we were disappointed with our meal. Pricey. Wont be back. Used to go there all the time when they were more authentic.
5	Everything you order here is sooo good! The clam chowder doesn't have the grainy / sandy bits in it (which I'm always looking out for in a good clam chowder) their perogies are great, and their Jewish Sliders are amazing (but loaded with calories, and pretty expensive, so it's a very rare order) -- basically everything you order here is really good.The only bad thing I've seen be ordered is: a couple of friends ordered their ribs on their all you can eat night, and they didn't like them. The waitress said the ribs are a hit or miss kinda thing to order, that some nights it's a great batch, and some nights they aren't that good. But the manager came around and apparently other people were saying the ribs weren't good, so she asked them if they would like to order something else instead. So the service has always been friendly as well.
5	If you have spent any time in New York or LA and have gone to a neighborhood deli like Canter's or Katz's, then you will be schooled on what to expect at Chompie's.  This is the Phoenix equivalent of those places.  They do an excellent job of replicating the same food and atmosphere, without the high prices of Manhattan or LA.  I won't go into the details of the menu options, since if you belong in this sort of restaurant, you should have a pretty good idea of what to expect and what you will like.   Plus, having a bakery here means that the bread you get with your meal is outstanding, and you also have the option grabbing a loaf or some bagels on your way out.
5	Chompies is consistently good. I was there for breakfast again this morning and my omelet was perfect! So were the potatoes...and the bagel...of course. Good stuff! We were greeted and seated quickly and our waitress was great too. It was my friend's first time there and she took the time to explain their expansive menu and offer up a couple of her favorites. And I picked up some babka to go. Their bakery, deli and bread displays are huge! I've never been disappointed with Chompies.
3	Today was my second visit to Chompie's at Chandler Mall. The first was with my two boys and husband. It was a nice experience I had the corned beef sandwich that I found fairly bland but my husband's hot pastrami was great. My husband paid so I didn't pay attention to the cost. Grabbed a black & white cookie on the way out and was disappointed. Today I got the pastrami and it was great! Too bad the service was terrible! The hostess was nice but the waitress just could not care less. It was just me and my young boys and it happened to be kids eat free with an $8 entree. The pastrami was 7.99 I wondered what she would do.First they only brought over two glasses of water,               then another...........................then......took....my.........order. It took a reasonable amount of time time to get the food. But I was annoyed I had to ask her for pickles since they typically bring them before the meal. Then there was never the stop by asking "how is everything?" Everything was fine but she should ask. Then we ran out of water and I had to flag her down, I think I annoyed her this time. I would feel bad except for the two guys who were seated so long they finally asked the hostess to find the waitstaff.I was thinking about the tip - I tip well even for ok service but this was not that. I decided I would base it on whether or not she took off one of the kid's meals for the $7.99 meal. She did, the bill was $14.49 so I based her tip on the full price of $20.00 for two kid's meals and a half pastrami sandwich, I gave her a twenty and she brought me back five singles for my change! What the hell happened to the 51cents???? I left her $3 I felt cheap but she deserved it.
4	Waffle was delicious, fresh strawberries and whipped cream were perfect.French toast was also great and filled me up fast. Milkshake was light and yummy. Id recommend to anyone that is a breakfast lover :)
4	Tasty tasty.  Had the breakfast tacos.  The egg, sausage, onion scramble was scrumptious but my tortillas were overcooked and in pieces.  Service was fantastic.
1	This was our first time at this restaurant.  We went later in the evening when the place was almost empty. The food was OK.  Nothing to get excited about.   We were disappointed in how long it took the waiter to get back to us to take our order.  We had to ask someone to go get him.  Our waiter proceeded to sit down at the table next to us after we received our food and visited the entire time with what it seemed like old family "friends".  Sure he would get up now and then and refill our tea, however, we were unimpressed with this type of service.  He also had 2 other tables besides ours to wait on.   We know all about his personal life, when he is finishing up his schooling, etc.  I guess we are spoiled by going to other places in town.  My husband said that with the way the economy is restaurants should be jumping to make sure the customers want to come back and eat at their establishment.  There are way to many  good places to eat.  Thank goodness we used a gift card that I received at Christmas.  I can't imagine paying full price for the service we received.  We were disappointed but it would have been worse if we would have had to pay for the entire meal ourselves.
5	Best Jewish deli and bakery in town. Awesome staff, amazing food and out of control baked goods. We try to go to Chompies' at least once a weekend for breakfast. My favorite is the All American with a Poinsettia (champaign and cranberry) to drink.
4	Sometimes I wish I had been raised in a Kosher deli - but since I wasn't, Chompie's is the next best thing that I've found here in Arizona! So they lost a star for their service (which wavers between mediocre and non-existent) but the food is definitely AWESOME! I wish I had actually eaten here prior to 2009 but when I first tried 5 years earlier, I was left standing in the entrance without a single greeting or friendly look for at least 10 minutes; I figured they didn't want my business so I took my family by the hand and left. I came back only to receive the same cold unwelcome and after several glances my way and no offer of assistance I turned to leave. I was just about to walk out when the (owner? manager?) came running after us. She was brusque but she apologized and seated us herself. What followed next was a smorgasbord of naughty, bad fun! Dill pickles, mini latkas, pirogies, a halved knish smothered with corned beef, sauerkraut, and Swiss, and the most killer matzoh ball soup that I have tried to duplicate at home several times but to no avail! At first glance the prices seem a little steep for a deli but it's acceptable when you realize the quality and QUANTITY of the food you're getting. In fact, we usually end up walking out with half our food in doggy bags so sharing is perfectly acceptable! Besides, they offer different specials and deals every day of the week from Kids Eat Free to BOGO burgers! My favorite deal? 20% off ANY TIME for all active duty, retired, and veteran military members! Just don't forget to grab a dozen Lacies on the way out - you won't be sorry!
4	I used to frequent the 32nd Street & Greenway location, so I'm shocked to see they moved.........closer to where I used to live but AFTER I left !!  Anyway, I loved this deli.  They catered many a Rosh Hashanah / Yom Kippur meal for us.  I LOVED their bakery, esp. their babka and rugelah.  They made a mean sweet noodle kugel, and we used to order challah from them many a Shabbat.  Their bagels were legendary, and I loved when the Phoenix Suns would do really well and make it into the playoffs......the bagels were purple and orange.  They had every flavor of bagel imaginable, along with bialys.  I miss their bagels.  My favorite sandwich of theirs was either tuna salad or egg salad.  (My friend used to ask, "Who gets tuna at a deli?  Make it at home."  I still did.......I just loved it.)  I'm quite certain they still serve the same great food and still remain the BEST deli in the Greater Phoenix/Scottsdale area, bar none.
5	Let me preface this by saying we were in the mood for getting our grub on and we happened to see an episode of Man vs. Food featuring the slider challenge at Chompie's. How amazing does a slider sound with a potato pancake in it? To me and the fiance...that sounded incredibly amazing. So we ordered both versions of their sliders along with a side of crispy onion strings. Winners! The food is hearty and taste freakin' good. Mind you that the little sliders are hefty in flavor and very filling. I was only able to take one down leaving the other two for the next day leftovers....which...btw were just as exciting on day 2 as they were on day 1. But unfortunately, I won't be attempting the slider challenge anytime soon...those suckers are filling!Take a peek at their menu and they have soooo many additional menu items. We are excited to go back and try more options including their breakfast items!
4	Their lox cream cheese is to die for! I could literally eat it with a spoon. Their bagels are good as well. The only reason I gave them 4 stars is because they seem a little pricey for the dozen bagel/cream cheese bundle.
4	Good stuff, try the Jewish sliders:). Be ready for a long wait at lunch time.
4	Went last week for the special 99cent Jewish sliders.  They were so delicious.  Not very big though and the regular price of $3.99 is a little high.  The side order of french fries were quite good.  They were even better heated up in my toaster over.  Got real crisp on outside.
4	Beef brisket sliders were AMAZING! French dip was delcious! The au jus sauce was very flavorful. The bakery was fabulous! The cannoli was perfect. When you first seated they give you a dish of pickles and cucumbers and a basket of a variety of breads.
1	I have been to Chompie's many times, and have never been thrilled. However, after our last visit, I will NEVER return. I have never been treated so poorly in a restaurant as I was at this location last Sunday morning. We were quoted a 20 minute wait. Even with a 1 year old child, we thought we would give it a shot. After waiting for 45 minutes, I went up to see what the delay was, as they had seated many people who came in after us, before us. They were working for of 3 seperate, handwritten lists and had NO comprehensive system. (And this was one of the MANAGERS) When I asked when we would be seated, she practically yelled at me, and told me she had no idea. Seriously? Needless to say, we left. NEVER AGAIN.
4	We have been here so many times but I have yet to find a favorite dish. Don't get me wrong, I have never gotten anything that wasn't good, but it wasn't OMG great either. My boyfriend loves the pastrami or the turkey sandwiches & the chicken soup.  If the kids are with us we normally let them pick out a treat from the bakery. Chompies is a good place to go if you're in the area!
4	Traditional Jewish deli.  We stopped in for breakfast and were very impressed.  Huge portions, delicious food, fresh bagels and friendly, efficient service.  Can't wait to go back for lunch.
4	Great place for breakfast.  I have eaten there several times and never had a bad meal.  Hugh portions, great bagels and desserts.
1	"That's mold!" my sister said to describe the green layers running through the entire cake that we had picked up only a couple hours earlier at the PV Chompie's.  The cake we had just put in front of our spouses and kids.  I loaded a picture of the cake that has to be seen to be believed.  How old does a cake have to be to have this much mold running through it?  It's shocking that food professionals would allow a product as dangerous as this one to be eaten.  We took it back from our family and back to the store. The GM gave us our money back and offered us something else.  She mentioned something about talking to the bakery about the cake.  This is one situation that a GM can't make right to the customer.  Dangerous food is unfixable, and a red flag to a potentially systemic food handling problem in the restaurant.  Nope.  Keep your replacement pastry.  In fact, keep anything else you've got to serve, Chompie's.  I value my family's health too much to risk serving them your food again.
4	Chompie's is a good, albeit somewhat pricey, sandwich and slider place. I've heard it's just like a Jewish deli in New York, something I can't exactly attest to as I've never eaten at a Jewish deli in New York. I can attest to my meal today.I started it off with a black and white chocolate soda shake, which was good--it's hard to make chocolate soda taste good, but this one was. I followed it up with a hot corned beef (only half, though) with sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries were nice and crunchy, and the corned beef was good on its rye bread. My wife had the sliders and gravy with potato wedges - the gravy had a good home-cooked quality to it, and both of the meats were seasoned appropriately.
2	I went to Chompies today to pick up a few baked goods for work tomorrow. As I stood at the counter to place my order the gentleman behind the counter clearly ignored me and took the orders of 2 people that got in line behind me. I almost yelled " Am I invisible". Thankfully a women came out and happily took my order. The baked goods from Chompies are actually quite good that is why I continue to go there despite the poor service that I always receive there.
4	We've been back to Chompie's several times and we really like it.  Everything we've ever had to eat here is quite good and the service is always excellent.  It's definitely the best Jewish deli we've found in the Valley.
4	Chompies is our "go-to" place when no one can agree on what they want for dinner. They cater to kids very well, both of my offspring love eating here because they can order a cup of soup or a grilled cheese. I have to say that I have never had a bad meal here. The wait staff is very kind (we usually leave a small tornado after leaving). There are nightly specials which my hubby loves. I am a fan because it is not a packaged food place like Chili's or Applebees.
3	I came here to try the Jewish sliders that were on the Man vs. Food challenge, not the challenge.  There was also a western slider that sounded good.  The waitress starts out by asking for our drinks and gives us a dish pickles... NICE!!  The entree came with three sliders.  The waitress was able to substitute one Jewish slider for a western slider, which was cool.  The plate came out and every square inch was covered.  The brisket from the slider was cooked well.  The roll for the slider was really filling.  I'm glad there was a side of gravy that came with the order.  Great dipping sauce.  The western slider with briskets, onion strings, cheddar, and bbq sauce tasted better than the Jewish slider with brisket potato cake and swiss cheese.  Instead of fries, I got the onion strings.  Rings would've been better than strings.  I brought some desserts home.  They were good, but not WOW good.  If I come back, I'll probably better off with a regular sandwich.
2	I decided to order a Corned Beef sandwich. I ordered a half sandwich, which was $7.99. They don't have white bread and I'm not a fan of Rye so I ordered it on Challah sliced bread, which was very good. They do offer a Challah roll. FOOD:The CORNED BEEF had fairly good flavor but the meat itself was dry. Some parts were hard and discolored. Not tender. Very disappointing. The bread was sliced so poorly that I literally had half of my bread missing on one side of the sandwich. There is a load of meat and I'd say the price of the sandwich is on par with a VERY GOOD CORNED BEEF SANDWICH in an EXCELLENT NY DELI, such as Woodro (Hewlett, NY). But, this sandwich didn't warrant the price. I ordered the POTATO KNISH ($4.99). The outside was somewhat over fried. The texture of the potato inside was very good. I did add salt and pepper, but I do that to any Knish I have. I'd order the Knish again.EXPERIENCE:The server asked if this was my first time there and I told her it was. It appeared that every table around me was getting a dish of pickles when they sat down. I didn't get anything. The waitress brought my soda and still no pickles. Another server brought my sandwich and I asked if the pickles were something special to be ordered. He said I was supposed to have them and asked if I wanted pickles. Since I am a pickle fanatic, I said I'd like some. Well, the pickles weren't very good. I wasn't missing anything. They weren't pickles you'd find in a Jewish deli. I had to wait a long time for the check. I did tell the server my thoughts on the corned beef. She came back and said the manager would like to give me half a dozen bagels, I declined but she insisted. I said assorted would be fine. BAGELS: I tried half of an EVERYTHING BAGEL - it was actually good. COOKIES: Hamentashen were very good. Almost as good as my favorite NY bakery, Walls' (also in Hewlett, NY). And, the BUTTER COOKIES ($14.99/lb) were tasty, as well. I would definitely use their bakery.OVERALL:I would try Chompie's again since I try not to make a final decision on my first try. I just wish the corned beef was way better. So, if someone else orders it, I will try it. But, I wouldn't take the chance on the same sandwich again. I'd order something different next time and make a decision.PS They don't take Discover Card.
4	Well it is a little pricey...But other than that it is a grat glimpse into what a New York Jewish Deli is like. Half Restaurant half deli. The place was packed luckily I was by myself and could just order from the Deli and sit in the express eating section. I was so Hungover from the night before and I ordered up a storm with the Jewish sliders and bunch of pastries. The Jewish Sliders were unreal. Challah bread with Beef Brisket, Pepper-jack, Potato Latkes, and gravy.. Oh man! You get 3 with the order and they even have a Man Vs food challenge of 12 which would be impossible!! The potato wedges were ok, no salt and they forgot the gravy..I will for sure return next time I am in PHX!
4	Good solid Jewish Deli, especially for Phoenix.I really like the matzo ball soup and feel any visit is incomplete without ordering it.  The stuffed cabbage, though I frequently order it, I shouldn't.  The sandwiches are overstuffed and delicious in my experience.On an odd side note, they make a pretty decent hot dog as well.
5	Oh my God, Chompie's is the bomb and I'm so happy to have a location so close to my house!While this location has a steady customer base, I have never had to wait longer then five minutes to be seated, unlike the other location at 92nd Street, Win! Service has always been fantastic. Quick on to seat, quick to get drinks, quick on refills, and delicious food from breakfast to dinner items. As other reviewers have stated, the Jewish sliders are amazing, but I have also enjoyed different wraps and sandwiches. Prices are a little higher, but the food is well worth the money. There is a "bar area" with about six stools and two TV's that you are able to see from your tables/booths which usually has ESPN on. The restaurant itself is all decked out in a NYC theme, well lit, but the acoustics aren't that great so it can get a little noisy. Bathrooms are nice and always clean. Oh, and don't forget to check out their bakery for delicious goodies to take home!
5	One of the best places in town for hearty cooking.  There is little on the menu that I have not liked.  The portions are perfect sized and it never disappoints.  We eat here at least once a month or so. On rare occasions we have had a less than stellar meal, but even then it is above average.  For breakfast... it is awesome.
4	I had never heard of Chompie's until I saw it on Man vs. Food - they are famous and known for their Jewish sliders. They have the same Ultimate Slider Challenge that Adam Richman tried at the restaurant and everyone is open to challenge themselves.We were only there for a late breakfast though so no food challenges for us ;) Chompie's has an extensive breakfast menu and it took me awhile to figure out what I wanted. Eventually I ended up ordering the two eggs any style (I had them scrambled) with homefries and a bagel. It was more than enough food! Everything tasted pretty good and the homefries had tons of flavor. The bagel was fresh and the cream cheese was very creamy. Pretty solid breakfast, no complaints! My boyfriend ordered the corned beef hash with potatoes and a bagel and he could barely finish it, but it was definitely yummy leftovers for later. His mom had the chicken soup with matza balls and she said it was one of the best she's had. It looked pretty good!We didn't get to grab any desserts or grab anything from the bakery but everything looked delicious. Next time I definitely want to grab something to go!Overall, Chompie's is a solid breakfast, lunch, and dinner spot. Everything on their menu sounds good and I can definitely see why people keep coming back.
3	Lox and bagel with breakfast was pretty good, but not traditional. Schmears, no!  lox and scrambled eggs; okay. Lots of food, but I was hoping for deli-style lox and bagle. Still, pretty good breakfast.
5	I LOVE this place! This was one of my first foodie finds when I moved to Phoenix. It was everything review sites described and more. The bakery has an endless array of treats, all delicious. The sandwiches are huge and worth every bite. They offer 20 different kinds of cream cheese! I'm a huge food lover and I love this place. I bring all my guests to eat here and it never disappoints.
4	I have been a Chompie's fan for many years!  Whether I am stopping in to pick up a bialy and an iced tea or sitting down to grab a sandwich in the restaurant.  The triple deckers are awesome!  I can't get a Rueben anywhere else because they are never even close to as good as Chompie's!  Service in the restaurant can be hit or miss.  We have had the best service, and other times it left more to be desired, but it has never been bad.  Definitely suggest stopping by the bakery and grabbing a dessert to take home for later!
4	Have been eating here and the 92nd St location for years.  It's certainly not the best deli, but it's the best deli in Scottsdale and the surrounding area.  It's no Brent's or Jerry's but you take what you can get :)  OK, if you've had the mushroom barley soup at Brent's or the corned beef sandwich at Jerry's, you know what I'm talking about.Very good matzo ball soup, LEO, brisket sandwich, chicken salad, and whole grain pancakes.  Decent corned beef, pastrami, and bagels.  The chopped liver isn't very good.  They don't have the best 'dinner' food, the dinner entrees are really hit and miss.  But for breakfast and lunch, it hits the spot.  The service is usually pretty good, even when its busy.It's pricey, as is any good Jewish deli.  But the portions are hefty and worth the price.
5	WOW! WOW! WOW!! My mom always raves about Chompie's so I made her take me. I also wanted to try the Jewish sliders Adam Richman ate on Man vs. Food. Absolutely totally delicious!! Also had the matzo ball soup, a must have! They have quite an extensive menu, all fresh made on site and totally delicious!! You won't go wrong with anything you order! Heard the whitefish salad is amazing, will try that next!
4	I go here for one reason and one reason only...Hot Pastrami !!  Being a transplant NY'er I just get the craving and Chompie's has never dissapointed me!  Maybe I will order something else in the future, but probably not....
4	Unassuming deli spot with a huge menu including their own crafted meats, bagels, breakfast, and desserts. 4.5Food: 4.5, Atmosphere: 3, Service: 4Cost to worth it rating: 3Return worthiness: yes!Eve award: best non-burger sliders I've ever hadHighlights:- Jewish sliders: tender sliced beef brisket on top of deliciously seasoned crispy potato pancakes in between 2 soft dense shiny challah buns. Top in with the gravy it comes with, and you're close to true bliss. Amazing!!! Though that man vs food guy tried to eat a dozen in a half hour--that's a bit much.- Corned beef hash: one of my fave breakfast items and this is one of the best. Smooshed ground version with crisped edges but not processed tasting or too salty- Fries: crispy wedges but potatoey soft inside. Fantastic when dipped in the gravy- Brisket dip: twist on the traditional French the hub enjoyed- Could take large groups: we had 16 and there was a party in the back room with 30Lowlights:- Some breakfast items have time restrictions: things like eggs benedicts are only served til 3pm (there was a crazy one I wanted to try on top of a potato pancake)Had a great family meal here and would come back for those sliders alone.
4	Best corned beef sandwich I've had anywhere at anytime. Definitely great portions of food. The jewish sliders are very good especially with the potato pancakes. Too bad they aren't in California because I can see myself visiting this a lot.
3	This place is awesome! (food wise) you definitely get more than you are expecting! My husband & I couldn't eat even half of what we ordered! We had the Jewish sliders and hot pastrami sandwich. Both were delicious but your body feels disgusting after eating there ha if def go back for lunch!
2	I've been a fan of Chompie's for quite some time, but lately, the place has been going downhill. To get right to the point, I recently ordered a Ruben with pastrami (AKA as a Rachel, which I have ordered many times before) and was very disappointed. This is the most basic of deli sandwiches and one that I often use as an indicator of how good the rest of the menu is. In my book, if you're running a deli and can't get this sandwich right, you might as well close up the place. The sandwich that came to my table was half the size of the usual one and cost even more than I expected. Obviously, the price of everything on their menu has increased by at least $2 or more. If you are going to charge $14 for a Ruben/Rachel, it had better be one hell of a sandwich. The rye bread looked like it had been cut in half across its width and although the pastrami was stacked high, there were too many fat pieces hanging along the edge. I understand that some of the flavor comes from the fat left on the meati, but this was way too much. The sandwich was also greasy and it looked to be from a huge dousing of butter on the the rye bread. Overall, the sandwich was still pretty good, but not anywhere near the $14 price. At many other delis, I could get two sandwiches for that price!It's not that I mind paying more for quality food, but lately, the already overpriced items at Chompie's have hit a new level. Sure, everything costs more today and I understand that restaurants are paying more than ever for their ingredients. However, if you really look at what you are getting for your money at Chompie's, you will soon realize that you are being taking advantage of. Call it greed or whatever you want, but the math doesn't add up for what you get. To add insult to injury, you are reminded of their ridiculous prices both when you enter the restaurant on the bakery side and when you leave the same way. Case in point: I love Napoleon pastries, but at over $5 a pastry, you can't but think you are being scammed by this place.In the past, Chompie's had been great in food and service, but their overpriced food today is nothing special and has left me looking elsewhere to get my deli fix.
3	The food is pretty good, but overpriced.  Waitstaff was attentive, which I appreciated. The main reason I won't go back is the prices - you DON'T get what you pay for.....
4	Awesome sandwiches (check out man v. food); try the jewish and western sliders...They are awesome.Other items that I've tried are so-so, but try the specials.
2	Any place that makes you wait shouldn't just throw some chairs and a bench down the hallway.  I'm not sure which is more uncomfortable.  Obviously the owners have never sat there.It's this we don't really care attitude that permeates the whole place.   One day you get a juicy corned beef sandwich and then next day it's filled with some fatty pieces that are closer to dog food than people food.I have better luck with food during the weekday than the weekend.  At least I don't have to sit and wait.  Maybe they can't handle a rush.  Do yourself a favor and turn around if they say it will just be a few mins.
4	Great sliders, come on all you can eat night!  Bakery is awesome, ribs are ok, free breakfast on your bday!  No clue how adam richman did the slider challenge, I wanted to cry after 10.
2	Everyone seems to love Chompie's but I am not there yet.  I haven't really enjoyed the baked goods.  The food was okay but the prices are too high for what it is.  I've had better but I do have to say that they provide Challah bread to most places in the valley and even the the price is high I need my challah bread for french toast!
4	Every time I go to Phoenix, I stop into Chompies at least once.They have a cool breakfast/lunchy deli theme. It would be like dressing up a hole in the wall ny deli.I usually get breakfast even at lunch time.The staff is normally friendly and inviting.The food options are plentiful. Anything you want from a NY Deli is here. They bake their own breads and make most everything in house. Chompies serves BIG oversized portions and I usually dont finish mine but will also try other peoples dishes when I'm there. order frsh squeezed OJ its the real deal.I was watching Man VS Food and he did a challange there and he couldnt do it. Its a dozen chopped sauteed beef brisket, latke potato cake topped with onions and cheese on a homemade bun thing(I forgot what they call it). sliders and they looked so good I'm gonna get those next time I'm there.Make sure to try any of the desserts. They display them nicely and eat it or take it home.mmmmmAnyways theres a couple of Chompies in Metro Phoenix/Scottsdale area and go to either one and you'll get some good grub!
4	I used to go to Chompies for lunch with my friends when it first opened  a tiny little store near 32nd st and Shea. Bagels were cheap sustenance for the high school girl.I sold their bagels for National Honor Society. They brought in the bucks.As an adult my dad would take me to their restaurant for big bagel and lox feasts. I would get a zucchini bagel and my Jewish stepmonster would CRINGE. I guess zucchini is kind of sacreligious for a New Yorker. But I really liked the zucchini bagel. This is my proto-type bagel, and that of my highschool buddies. One friend went so far as to ask his wife to learn how to make bagels when the Foreign Service put them in Ecuador, because he missed them so. She's been boiling dough ever since.If I went to Phoenix today, I'd be there for breakfast in the morning. I liked the ruggelach too ( Ok, I can't spell it, but I liked them, a lot).Sometimes I'd get the 3 salad sampler ( bagel chips with tuna salad, egg salad, and something else.. chicken salad?, lettuce, cucumber... mmm. But a little mayo heavy). Potato Latkes? sure! Chompies is cool, I know it's had it's issues over the years ( long waits, grumpy servers) but it's still like coming home.
3	Their menu is overwhelming with all of the choices. They jave just about everything a restaurant could offer. You won't leave this place hungry because their portions are huge. You can easily split a meal between two people.I am a fan of having breakfast or lunch here. I have never had dinner.Great bagels and bread!
4	It was good.  Had the pastrami and liked it.  Great pickles and the bakery is huge.
5	We have visited the Paradise Valley location several times and it has always been stellar. Excellent east coast style service, very friendly management and of course, fabulous food. Hot Pastrami on Rye and and order of Sliders. It does not get any better. Excellent take-out counter. Puts LA delis to shame (except Brent's).
4	Great New York style deli.
4	This is my husband's and my favorite place to come for breakfast.  I have never eaten lunch or dinner here, so can only vouch for breakfast. And it is awesome! This last time I got the Torrey Pines omelet and oat bialy...the omelet was melt in your mouth good. My husband got the banana nut pancakes which were twice as big as his face for one. He usually gets the bobka crumb french toast, which I would classify more as dessert it is so sweet, but so delicious! I have never  been disappointed with anything I have gotten. The dessert case is incredible looking but I have never gotten anything from it...one day I will though!!
4	Guess they make the best bread In town and they have fresh cream cheese. I want to try their Bobka some day. That also have a cute little bar and some good relaxing music .. Good place for a quick brunch or lunch on a weekend
4	Jew food heaven!!  I'm part of the tribe so I can say those things.  The Reuben is awesome.  Bagels are good.  Chicken soup is good.  Service is always good, but that's because the family knows all of the servers like family.  Always nice, never a bad meal, nothing is ever a problem, bill is always correct.  Never wait long... Yet something keeps it from getting the elusive 5th star.
5	Our family has been going here for 20 years.  The food is excellent.  The ambiance is New York City deli style.  Their breakfast is the best part and especially the omelets.  My wife loves the chicken soup with matzo ball.  Everyone should go here at least 1-2 times.
5	You can never go wrong here.  The food is fabulous no matter what you order and the people are friendly and coffee is good.  Its one of my favorite places to eat breakfast in fact im going there again this weekend!
4	Chompie's Deli puts me in a New York State of Mind. It is a New York Deli in Phoenix's Paradise Valley Mall that gives New York delis in New York City a run for their money.  My brother and I came across Chompie's Deli after walking out of a nearby restaurant that gave a mediocre first impression. As soon as we walked in the door of Chompie's Deli, we had a confident first impression. A 15-minute wait persuaded us that we were in for a wonderful dining experience.  A fifteen minute wait at Chompie's is time well used. Their menu is enormous, leaving several difficult choices to make.  In my situation, when it was time to order, the choices were simple. I ordered two New York Kosher deli icons that I grew up to love in New York and have been having difficulty finding in Las Vegas. They were a knish and kasha Varnishkas. The size of a Chompie's knish is of higher rank than any that I tasted in New York. By the time I finished the potato knish and kasha varnishkas, it dawned on me how much I miss the New York Kosher Deli food.  In similar fashion to their knish, Chompie's is a large restaurant. It has the same foot print of a T.G.I Friday's with both an entrance from inside and separate from the Paradise Valley Mall.  Chompie's Deli is more than eating out. They also have a thriving take out business. My brother took out chocolate covered rainbow cookies. Like the Twinkies, chocolate covered rainbow cookies are scarce. Instead of paying $1,000 for a Twinkie on EBay, you can buy something in the ballpark of eight chocolate covered rainbow cookies for nearly $10 in Chompie's. And, near the take out counter there is interesting newspaper clippings that tell the story of Chompie's growth. Regardless of how well Chompie's excels at their New York Deli business, I offer some constructive criticism. Disparate from the New York Kosher delis that I have dined in, complimentary pickles and cole slaw are nonexistent here.  Then again, this tradition could have changed since the last time I visited New York five years ago.  I am pleased that my brother and I found Chompie's Deli. Now if a serious urge for a potato knish and kasha varnishkas hits me, instead of boarding an airplane for New York, I can drive around 250 miles to Phoenix.
4	Chompie's is a fun place to go in AZ.  My kids saw the Jewish Slider Challenge on Man v. Food so when we were in the area visiting family, it was high on our list of attractions (and there's not much to do in AZ).  The mall that Chompie's is in is not that great (not when you think about the Scottsdale Fashion Plaza...but I digress).  When you walk into Chompies, you think for a second that you've walked into a Jewish deli/bakery in NY.  There are lots of roomy booths. The waitstaff is pretty nice and attentive.The bakery has 2 full cases of cakes and cookies- all of your NY classics- 3 color cookies, macaroons, black and white cookies, jam cookies, canolis.  It's a diabetic nightmare, but so tasty!I've been here 3 times. Had the Jewish sliders every time!  Don't forget to order extra gravy for dipping.  The matzo ball in the matzo ball soup is too tough, but really huge.  I also have had the stuffed cabbage and really enjoyed the tart, sweet, savoryness!
4	Out doing some shopping w/the Ms, Stopped in for a quick bit to eat & WoW was the place packed! She had never been & I had to see the Hostess for a table, when two seats at the bar opened up. Now my honey doesn't useually like sitting at the bar stools as she has a bad back but we were kind of in a hurry, as is everyone this time of year. I hadn't been in a Chompies since 1980...WoW what a mistake, I forgot how damn quick the service was & how GOOD the food was!!!! My girl even said the bar stools were comfrotable & that this was here new favorit place! I will be back soon!
4	basically pretty good jewish kosher food. all the food i had was really good and service was good as well. i had a good appetizer, a delicious tuna salad sandwich, and matzball soup. man vs. food went here for the brisket slider sandwich challenge. i didn't realize it was a chain til later, bc it all tastes so fresh! they also have a huge deli with tons of bakery cookies n pastries.
5	jewish sliders and all the breakfast are great
5	The best Jewish Deli & Bakery in Arizona hands down!
4	I have now stopped into this Chompie's now twice.  I historically have gone to Einstein's for bagels, and while I enjoy them everyone I have spoken to has sworn by this place.  They were right.  I really loved the cheddar bagel here.  It was incredibly fresh and not overally toasted.  I absolutely was impressed with the size of their bakery with some sugar free options.  I was almost a little overwhelmed by everything they had.  I can't wait to stop in some time to try one of there breakfast or lunch items.
5	The food here is amazing. Everything I have had has been great, Burgers, breakfast, huge sandwiches! It can get really busy but is always worth the wait. Quality food and good service!
2	We have been going to this Chompie's for many years now and the the service has gotten progressively worse. Today we were told the wait would be 15 minutes, it ended up being 45 minutes. They could at least be honest about it so i can make a decision. Being busy is one thing but this was ridiculous. To make things worse, at least one party of similar size was seated without being called out. Nice! The only reason I give two stars is because our waitress Ashley was awesome as always. There are a lot of new breakfast places nearby that have awesome food and don't treat you like this. I won't go to Chompie's again.
2	Visited for a takeout, so only reviewing on the food and not the place.A beastly huge sandwich, with loads of filling. But wasn't over impressed, I guess the quantity v quality thing applies for me here. I thought the bread was poor and not up to the job. Especially as it cost $13, if I remember it was the New Yorker. Picked up a better sandwich in an airport in Hartford last week for cheaper. That can't be a god sign?
1	Not once, but twice we received the worst service I can remember ever receiving at a restaurant.  The tall, semi-bald waiter in the first area walked away from us while we were still talking during both visits, and the second time he never brought us our drinks or asked us how our food was, yet we were billed for those drinks and there was an issue with the order.  While this was going down, the afternoon manager dramatically swoops in the front door and comes over to our table with the following statement, "Calm down, the beverages have been deducted from your bill!"  As though doing the right thing in the end deserved a round of applause.  Then, as we were getting up to leave, the waiter offered us a free dessert...kind of an afterthought because other customers saw and heard what had been happening.  No, thank you...an apology for his haughty attitude would have been much more well-received.  I prefer going to Canter's in Los Angeles, and will just resign myself to the fact that there is nothing like it (or that even comes close) in Arizona.  Canter's has wonderful customer service, whereas the management of this eatery evidently does not train their employees adequately in that regard; even the deli person was indifferent during a completely different visit (knishes to go).  The food means nothing to me when the service is poor, and I won't be returning.  P.S.  Tried to call the person in charge of complaints of this nature and was never able to speak with him personally due to an extended game of phone tag.  Sad.  Even in Hollywood, waiters and waitresses are aware that good customer service = no complaints, and great customer service brings out the generosity in even the worst of the world's Scrooges.
2	I have been going to Chompies for years and normally I would give it a better rating.. When our out-of-town guests wanted to go out for breakfast we immediately thought of Chompies. I knew it would be busy on a Sunday morning but I expected they know how to handle a crowd. There was quite a few people waiting for tables but when we registered our party of 5 we were told it would be about a 10 minute wait. We were seated 35 minutes later. While our server was nice and helpful it took another 30 minutes to finally get our orders in and get served our food. We immediate asked for a plain, unheated bagel for a starving and fidgeting toddler and had to ask about it twice before it finally arrived...toasted.  Our food, when it finally did arrive, was pretty good but not up to what I have come to expect from Chompies. I think they might just have been having a bad day but I will never go there on a weekend morning again and I don't recommend you do either.
1	The ruben was awful and the service, this place and food is not the same anymore.
1	A group of friends met at Chompies at Paradise Valley Mall for breakfast on Sunday, St. Patrick's Day.  Our waiter was Donald.  He is, by far the rudest waiter we have ever had at this restaurant.  He walks away while you are still talking to him.  He does not acknowledge requests, such as refills on coffee.  He got all of the orders wrong, even though he wrote them all down.  There were three couples in our group; he split the check in two groups of three people.  Who does that?????? One person in our group said that they would NEVER come to this Chompies again.  However, we have always had good food and good service in the past, so we will return.  However, we will definately ask NOT to be placed at Donald's table.  I read another review that sounds like it is also him.  Management should replace him with someone who is not rude and can read his own orders.
1	We went to Chompies on Tatum to have a nice Sunday breakfast and got the waiter from hell...Donald. He was rude - acted like he was doing us a great favor by waiting on us,  we had to ask for coffee refills over and over, when our orders came 75% of them were incorrect and then when the bill came, it was all screwed up and had to be changed at least twice to finally get it right, What the heck??? This is what he chooses to do. He is an horrible representative for Chompies. We will never sit in his section again, that is if he is still employed there. We love their food and most of all of their servers but this guy ruined it for us for a while. Most sad. A dining experience should not be like that.
1	Bakery items look nice but taste terrible! I took home 2 mini chocolate mousse cake slices and 2 lemon bars. Dry and awful! They all were close to being stale and hard. My guests for dinner were disappointed  as was I. I picked these all up Monday afternoon which I presumed would be fresh....wrong!
1	The quality of food at Chompie's has gone downhill drastically.  Last night we ordered the French Dip sandwich and the meat was so tough that we had to throw 2 thirds of it out.  We ordered potato pancakes and they were burned!  How disgusting.  The dill pickle that comes with this was limp not crisp.  We also ordered a chopped liver sandwich.  The bread was soggy, yuck.  This food was ordered takeout so we could not send it back. Believe me we will consider whether we should order from Chompie's takeout, but we will probably not again since this is our second problem with their takeout (The first was when we ordered a full sandwich and when we got home there was only 1/2 sandwich.)
5	Best deli in Phoenix... or really anywhere outside of New York. I've never had a bad experience with the food.Food: The food is great, fresh, and plentiful. I've never ordered a dish and thought it was too small. They have the usual pastrami, corned beef, chicken liver, etc. I actually prefer some of their hot plate food though. The meatloaf is amazing, as is the chicken schnitzel. And the Chicken In The Pot with kreplach is perfect to cure the common cold.Bakery: Even better. They have the baked goods that every displaced New Yorker misses - rainbow cookies, black and white cookies, red velvet cake, chocolate babka, and even halvah by the pound. Chompies also bakes their own bread and the challah is amazing. Plan to take some home. Take out: Always ready when promised, always hot when I pick it up.Wait staff: If Chompie's has a weak spot, it is here. Some of their waiters are great, others are really bad at their work. There's really no way to predict this though.
2	$27 for breakfast? Manager not helpful.Although it is not in my neighborhood, I've been trekking to Chompies for years. I like the baked goods and New York Deli menu. Saw a coupon in the local paper for breakfast "buy one breakfast ($7.99 or greater) and get the 2nd breakfast free."  This reminded me that I was overdue for a trip to Chompies. An out-of-town houseguest was the perfect reason to go back.We presented the coupon upon ordering our food. The server said "hang on to that (coupon.)"  He said that other people had trouble with the fine-print terms of the coupon. He cautioned us to order only items at or above $ 7.99.  We had done our homework and chose dishes off the menu priced at $10.99 and $8.99.  Aside from that, I ordered one small juice and my friend one coffee.The food was delivered quickly. The bagels were great.When the server left the bill at the table ($27) I reminded him about the coupon and asked him to recalculate the bill.  He returned with the same bill, saying that "one of our dishes was a special, and therefore it was not eligible for the coupon discount."  We asked to see a manager. The manager came to our table and listened to our plea. He did not say much. He took the coupon and said "let me see if your server has closed out this bill."  After 10 minutes, our server came back with $4 and said "it's all settled guys, here you go." That makes no sense, we were owed $8.99.  Not $4.  So...prices too high...attitude is wrong...I won't go back for breakfast.
4	Always a y yummy bfast! Service is always on point.
5	This place is a must if you are in the Paradise Valley area. It's one of our favorite deli/resturants.  We went to have breakfast here this past weekend.  We walked in and went over to the hostess stration.  Imediately we were greated by a woman with so much energy.  She welcomed us and was so very curtious.  Once we sat down, our server was quick to take our drink orders.  She was very pleasant and had a fun attitude.  We've been here a few times, so we know what we like.  I had the Breakfast Taco's.  They are SO yummy and if you're interested they are on the Glutten Free part of the menu (which I think is a great plus to have this available). As always, this location never fails on service or food flavor.
4	I'm a Phoenix native and whenever I am home, we go to Chompies. My daughter loves Chompies bagels. So much that she calls bagels "chompies." I got her hooked on the bagel bites because they sell them in Sprouts out her in SoCal. Took the whole family and everyone was happy. This is a place you can take that has somthing for everyone.
5	They are one of the few places that serve a Monte Cristo.  They are wonderful and I have moved out the of Phoenix area but when ever I go back for a visit they are a must hit.
1	AWFUL, will never go here again, the PASTRAMI and everything and the service was awful.
4	I wish we would have found this place sooner!  For Mother's Day this year I was craving French toast. After seeing some good reviews for this place we placed an order for pick up. Even though they were crazy busy, our order was ready in 15 minutes. BEST French toast I have had at a restaurant! Since then we have come here a once for breakfast, once for lunch am once to pick up some of their delicious desserts. I highly recommend!
1	awful food and so is the service.
2	Chompie's I love your restaurant but really poor customer service today.  I came in to order the Jewish Sliders for .99 cents.  I understand the rules of dine in prices only and no take out orders.  But "no to go box" if I don't finish my order of minimum of 2 and I can't take home my leftovers?  I am in the restaurant industry myself and I understand the people out there that can abuse special deals.  But to tell me that I have to pay for my food and not be able to take home what I don't finish is ridiculous.  Plus the snotty waitress that offered to give me napkins then say "I don't make the rules" with smirk on her face didn't help the situation.  You should have instructed your staff to just say yes instead of risking losing customers.I got up and left.
4	Love the Ruebens. They have four different kinds listed on the menu. They are grilled to perfection and quite large. I am also a huge fan of the chicken noodle soup with matzo ball. Just plain good.Service has always been good.
1	Horrible don't give a cr*p service. The worst I have experienced in any restaurant here in the valley! The manager Gary is an apathetic weasel with no customer service skills. Anyone want to buy a $25 gift card from this dump?
1	Sad to say, but I don't feel the love at Chompies anymore.  It used to be a touch of home, but prices have gone way up, and service has gone way down.  My last visit left me feeling nickeled and dimed to death.  Truth told, it was more dollared to death.  I ordered a bagel and lox plate and was given a tiny amount of cream cheese. When I ran out and asked for more..... they charged me $2.29.  They never brought my table any pickles, and they charged extra for someone's bread.  We had to flag down the waitress a couple of times.  She never stopped at our table unless we sent someone to find her.  We left having spent almost $60 for 3 breakfast entrees, and that is pretty sad.
4	The pickles are the best part!Whether you get breakfast, lunch or dinner the food is always good and the service is decent. I wish they had more non-breakfast vegetarian options besides vegetarian chili (it's not that great).
3	Stopped into Chompie's for breakfast this morning. Chompie's definitely has a wide selection and looks like a solid delicatessan for lunch and breakfasts. In terms of take out, a solid choice for a tasty bagel. The bagel breakfast sandwiches on the other hand need some work. I orderered a parmesan bagel, ham, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich. Bagel was awesome and one of the best Ive had and the sandwich was definitely tasty, however was sitting in a PUDDLE of oil. Not necessarily the easiest thing to eat on the go. Coffee was bland so I would skip that in the morning. I didn't try the baked goods, but they looked DELICIOUS! I am excited to try some next time I am in town.
5	If there was the option to give 6 stars, I would do it.  Chompie's is incredible.  I eat here all the time (it is close to my home), and I have NEVER had anything less than delicious food and awesome service.  If you are looking for top-notch deli food served by people that care, go to Chompie's!
4	I'm a regular here and I always come for breakfast.
4	Love, love, LOVE the atmosphere!! Love the set up! My first time here, referred by a friend, all I wanted was French toast and it was DELICIOUS!!!! The rest of the menu looked great, can't wait to try other items!The staff was friendly but I didn't care too much for them I just wanted the French toast!
4	I don't eat here that often, but when i do, I am never disappointed.  Service is generally pretty good and the food portions are quite large.  My favorite there of course is the matzo ball soup.  It basically is a delicious tasting chicken noodle soup with a giant matzo ball (my favorite part). It also comes with a side of bagel chips to soak into your soup.  This most recent visit, I decided to order the Jewish slider combo meal which came with 2 Jewish sliders, matzo ball soup and cole slaw.  Though the cole slaw was sooooo good, the portion was a "sample size" which came in this tiny plastic sample size bowl - basically like those bowls you get at restaurants to put your ketchup in.  I was disappointed in the portion of that.  But the sliders were so good.  It was juicy, the bun was soft, the potato cakes were delish.  We also trek over to the bakery since my son gets a cupcake for good behavior - I do check in with foursquare because when you do, if you buy a bakery item you get a free specialty bagel.  Lets jump on board with that, Yelp!
5	You can't go wrong here,  whatever you order will be amazing! Everything is fresh and tastes like its straight from NY. The pancakes are delicious and huge, its my go to order.
3	I have only been to the deli and the service is amazing.  However, my favorite item from Jewish deli's is the Matzo Ball Soup.  The first time ordered it I was sure that they had run out of homemade Matzo Ball Soup and used Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup instead.  First I was surprised that there was Chicken pieces in there as that is NOT how my Bubie used to make it (nor my mom or aunts, nor any Jewish Deli in Chicago, etc...) then I tasted it and it tasted much more like Campbell's than any homemade or Jewish Deli-made Matzo Ball soup I have had.  So I gave it a second chance and went there again yesterday.  I ordered the matzo ball soup, but it was even more disappointing than the first time.  I need to find a deli that makes the real MBS in the Phoenix area.
4	Tried the Jewish sliders and the corned beef sandwich with coleslaw and potato salad respectively.  The sliders were very delicious.  I would definitely recommend them.  3 came with the order and I took the 3rd home.  The corned beef sandwich was also pretty good, though I can't say I can tell one from being better or worse than another since its pretty much all salty meat.  Tasted about right..  I thought it was supposed to have 1000 island dressing on it though which I didn't taste.  The salads were both sweeter than typical.  I didn't mind it though.  The potato salad was better I thought, more flavor.  Cole slaw tasted slightly watery.I can't wait to try some of their baked goods.  They had some streusel sitting out for guests and I tried something with chocolate and another that tasted of cranberry-orange.  The cranberry-orange one was delicious.  I would have gotten some for home if I wasn't so full.
5	I'm very surprised at the average low rating this place gets.  I say "low" because this is the only place where I can get my Jewish soul food fix West of the Mississippi.  It's ironically not Kosher, yet the Jewish Sliders are sinfully amazing!  I can't get anything else except the Jewish Sliders.
4	Got together with Arlin B. for a first visit to this Chompie's today & went with their "SOUP!  SANDWICH!  & SLAW" Special that included Kreplach Soup, a BIG half Pastrami on Rye and a cup of Cole Slaw.This big place was comfortable, our server Karen was friendly, & this was one delicious lunch!  It's $9.99 or a little more if you upgrade to a larger bowl of soup, as I like to do.  Uh oh, she forgot our pickles (-1 Star) but YUM!     :-))
3	The food is just eh, but it's fun to go here for some Jewish food. Everybody loves their sliders too!
3	Chompie's is not one of my favorite places... Food is OK, I mainly think is overpriced...  Their promotions don't look that good to me, always have a lot of restrictions, and every time I go there I miss the points in the loyalty program because they expect you to enter your phone number when you just got the check and most likely don't have a pen, and servers don't seem to pay much attention to it... so if I forget I miss out...However we end up going here on occasion and  on Christmas day... I do not know about Jewish food so I am not rating how authentic it is.We added a Potato Knish, which it was not like I remembered it... I kind of think they are usually 'shinier', but it was still good. (in fact I just went and checked the menu, and this was not 'golden brown')...I finally was adventurous and tried the small Matzo soup, I have never had it before and it turns out I liked it, I may have this again next time we go there.I ordered the tongue sandwich, and I was very very disappointed. It was very wimpy and it was higher in the center so the edges looked all empty : ( At that point I was happy I ordered the whole one because if I had gotten just half it would have been ludicrous... so, what I mean is that maybe it would have been a good $8 sandwich, but for $14 or so that was really overpriced. Also, when we got the check it said:'Tongue Sandwich, no cheese' and we were like 'whaaat? we could have gotten it with cheese?' not sure what was the deal about that...Hubby had the baja chicken sandwich and we thought it was very good.Our server was Joseph and he was nice and friendly. Service was not as prompt but I am OK with that because it was Christmas day and it was super busy.Kudos to Joseph that got me a glass of water (with a slice of lemon) even though I had forgotten to ask for it. I am not sure if they do that all the time but I was  in fact thirsty so I am happy he did.I had coffee and hubby had iced tea. We did not have dessert and lunch was over $40 for 2 people, before tip.
5	Wow.  What a find in AZ.  The meat knishes are amazing. One of the best delis in the US.  Better than the popular ones in New York by far.
1	if u get Tammy as a waitress, immediately ask for another server. We had to get our own coffee refills, go to the kithcen for more syrup, eggs came out ice cold and then became very argumentitive when we pointed out our displeasure.
4	I LOVE Chompie's !!!As a Chicago Jew that now lives in So Cal, when ever I'm in Phx I go here for breakfast. If my wife would let me, I'd drive over just to eat here.That's how good the food is.
3	We went to Chompie's for dinner last night...I have been going to Chompies for many years, ever since they were just bagels and coffee down on 32nd St/Shea.  I have noticed a decline in the quality of the meats over the last few years.  :(I had a 1/2 hot Pastrami on rye w/ fries and a small bowl of chicken noodle soup.  The soup was as good as ever, flavorful and just the right temperature to enjoy it.  The fries were as good as ever.  The Pastrami?  Not so much.  The sandwich looked wonderful, and just "like it used to be"; but one bite told me everything I needed to know.  It was like chewing a mouthful of rubber bands!  Very fatty meat and very disappointing.My wife had the Jewish Sliders w/ a cup of soup and cole slaw nosh.  Her sliders were very tasty(loved the mini challah rolls!).  She had a beef/mushroom soup that she said was excellent.Junior had the kid's cheeseburger and fries.  It was at least a 1/4 pound and he was happy!  The pickle "nosh" is still great, love the different varieties, but miss the green tomatoes.Our server was Kelly S.  She was everything a good server should be; friendly, attentive and always handy w/ the drink refills.  We will ask for her section next time we go back.Due to the dismal quality of the Pastrami; I can't give more than 3 stars.  Cut rate Pastrami in a Jewish deli just doesn't make it for me.  I may have to take a break from them for a while, or just go for breakfast or a nice big bowl of chicken noodle soup.
5	We are regulars here and we love it. The only place that has great sandwiches and bagels. We love our regular server Ashley, we usually sit at the bar area in the morning and she serves us, always remembers our order and is so nice and friendly. We not only come here for the food but to see her as well. Great service very happy with this place.
5	I have eaten breakfast here for at least once over the past year and never thought to review them. Let me just say that this place is awesome. I always say I'm going to try lunch but the breakfast is so good I can't move past it. The French omelet is really tasty. Yesterday I had the French Toast for the first time and I am sad that it took me so long to try it. It had a crunchy coating that makes it really comparable to funnel cake. The owners are consistently sweet and come around to thank you for dining with them. I love this place!
4	We stopped in here randomly for lunch the other day and having only been to the other Chompie's in Tempe, I was pleasantly surprised that this one seemed nicer on the inside. The hostess was really friendly and started out our interaction by saying 'how can I help you beautiful?'...That's worth four stars alone! :) We were seated promptly in a booth (my favorite) and our waiter came over really quick and took our drink order. He was really friendly and provided great service throughout our whole meal.Since I've been watching carbs, I opted for one of their Colossal Reuben sandwiches, Frank's Fowl Ball, without the bun and skipped the extra coleslaw and fries and substituted a dinner salad with ranch. To my surprise, this has probably been one of the greatest lower carb dining out meals I've ever head. The house salad was GREAT. The best kind of thick ranch, similar to the recipe at Texas Roadhouse. It had great toppings and was a big portion. As for the bunless sandwich, the coleslaw was sweet but not overly sweet (I'm sure more sugar than I would have liked but it was TOTALLY worth it). It also had a huge pile of hot, sliced turkey breast covered in thousand island dressing and melted swiss cheese. UM. YUM. Just thinking about it again today makes me want to go back today for lunch. It was THAT good. It was a huge portion and it actually allowed me to stay full for 8 hours! I never even got hungry for dinner that night so it's like two meals for the price of one!We did cruise the display case leaving and I tried one of their chocolate sugar free cookies. It was delicious! I have no idea how many carbs were in it but it was great. Had really good flavor and was very moist. A definite treat! If you're not on a diet, my fiance swears by their canoli's. They aren't even on my top 20 list of things I'd eat for dessert but they're his favorite so try them out if they're yours! Overall, this is a great place with great, fast, and friendly service and a drool worthy dessert display case that I look forward to trying out one day.
5	The menu is huge and there is something for everyone. They serve breakfast all day and the food is always great.
4	Love this place.  The service can be hit or miss, but the consistency of the food is outstanding.  If you are a soda drinker...they do have soda sitting in pitchers which causes it to go flat in my opinion, and I am not fond of the overuse of iceberg lettuce in their salads, but there are plenty of other options.  Matza ball soup...better than my grandmothers (shhhhh don't tell her I said that!!)  And the best way to end my meal is with one of their delicious rainbow cookies.  Thanks Chompies for being a restaurant I trust!
2	We visited for a sit-down brunch Saturday morning around 11ish, and it was busy, as expected. We only had to wait for 15 minutes, which wasn't bad. The place is very large, with plenty of seating, so that probably helped.If they are going for a full and authentic New York City vibe, they nailed it. The service is what you would expect from a cheap 24-hour NYC diner. Our waitress was overwhelmed, and whenever she did finally get around to helping us and taking our order, it was as if we were inconveniencing her and we're not ordering fast enough. She didn't have the Brooklyn accent to go with the service, but the hostess's booming Brooklyn voice that you could hear throughout the building covered that area plenty.The food was okay. No complaints, but nothing outstanding, either.
4	Well, hubby has a new favorite: Cajun Chicken Ecstasy sandwich, and he in fact agreed, it was ecstasy.I am doing low carb so I didn't taste the sandwich, but next time I will have a piece of the chicken, cheese and green chile.Also, if I was not doing low carb, I would have ordered the matzo soup, which I love since I dared to try it on December 2013.Our server Olivia was very friendly and accommodating. I had ordered the chicken chopped liver... which I thought it was going to be chopped-liver, you know, like chopped onions are decent size pieces of onion, but it was more like a dip (it was a scoop, actually) and it was also kind of sweet. Olivia helped me swap it for real liver and onions, since she saw the disappointment in my face...The portion was really big (I think I can have at least 2 meals, maybe 2.5 from it), and it came with 2 sides. I chose green salad (that I barely tasted) and broccoli, I think it said steamed broccoli. That I didn't like much because the broccoli was kind of mushy... but the liver was good.Anyway, hubby absolutely loved the Cajun chicken sandwich, so we will probobaly be back soon enough.
5	Ate here for breakfast with my entire office.  Food was great, service was also great.  Deli had a wide variety.  I had the French toast, highly recommended!
5	I love this place!! Sorry this review is so late. We ate here in November and it was fantastic. Writing a review now because we were just talking about it that how memorable it was. Our service was great for our large party of 15 and the food was AMAZING!! get the Jewish sliders wow so good. My kids loved there character cupcakes. Love there deli as well. We will be back for sure next time we visit Arizona.
2	This place exemplifies the definition of insanity " doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. I went there for my usual sandwich Turkey Pastrami ( which to their defense is really good). Problem is their service is HORRIBLE. I waited 10 minutes to be noticed sitting at an empty counter. My waiter was rude and totally ignored my request for a side of pickles. He finally brought them as he handed me my check.  I'll probably go back again as they are the only Kosher style deli around. Next time I will try table service.In the past I have had numerous similar issues of poor service. When I do get the attention of the manager the usual response is we know we have staffing issues. To their tribute the managers have been very polite but seem powerless
5	I eat at Chompies almost every weekend and I love it! The food is always fresh and delicious! The service is quick, efficient and friendly. I especially recommend Tammy, Phyllis, Mo, Shea or Ashley to serve you. You may even be lucky enough to meet the owner Lovey who greets each table when she's there. This place is a local favorite.
5	My favorite place for breakfast! Early mornings before I fly out if town, I can count on friendly and fast service (thank you Tammy) The food is delicious and always consistent.
5	Just flew in from Chicago and I had to stop by my favorite breakfast place in Phoenix " Chompies" just had a fabulous breakfast on the patio. Weather was great and the food was even better . Service was outstanding as usual. Tammy, Phyllis, Mo, Shea and Ashley are the best. Fast food delivery and my cup of coffee was never empty. These folks really care and I appreciate that! Thanks guys!!!
4	Chompies has a great cure for what ails you. We go and split the corned beef hash skillet, add an egg, and an extra bagel....and when we are finished we are right as rain to move through another day.
4	What can you say about Chompie's - now, I have been to 3 locations, Tempe, PV and Scottsdale (which I will review).  Okay, I do love Chompie's - I have always looked at their desserts; but have never partaken of them; because I am always so full.  The service is fast and efficient; and if you are a regular, very friendly.  It does look like the staff has worked their for years. The waits are long!!! But, once seated the service is extremely fast!Just give me a sesame bialy (I have to settle for an everything bialy).
2	Chompies, I wanted to love you, but you missed the mark. I grew up surrounded by Jewish delis, and had been sincerely missing that being in Arizona. They have classic Jewish favorites and the matzo ball soup, and bagels were hits for our group. However, the quality of food and the service were not consistent throughout the meal. We had to ask multiple times for the complimentary pickles to be delivered to the table, and they arrived as we were finishing out meal. The dish I ordered, someone in the kitchen decided to add bacon to, which very much upset this vegetarian. I was offered another meal, but when I didn't particularly trust anything coming from the kitchen at that point. The meal was comped, which was appreciated, but it didn't change the fact that I was extremely let down by a meal that I was looking forward to. At this point, I have no desire to visit Chompies in the future.
5	So glad that I discovered this Chompie's location. The three I've been to have been great but this was the best location yet. My family of four was treated like we were apart of the owner's family. The service is so kind and attentive from the moment you walk in. We live in a mobile phone age where people are ignored. No one likes to converse any more. Thank God for the people at this Chompie's that engage you and make sure you're needs are met. I found this so refreshing. Hostess Beatrix was so nice and professional. I will drive the extra 15 minutes just to be treated so nicely by her and the rest of the staff. Our server was Hillary and she was spot on. She got our drink and food orders quickly and came back to check on us after food arrived. So nice to get an ice tea refill without having to ask.  At one point a manager or owner came by our booth and told us how happy she was to have us and hoped we had a nice meal.  Again, it made us felt like family. I got the Grandpa's Ruben with corned beef (I hear c.beef is better for you). It was awesome. Piled high but not grossly high. Great fries and slaw too. I recommend trying the onion strings. We didn't have room for dessert but enjoyed looking at the pastries in the bakery section. The food was great but it's service you will remember. I will be back and hope this staff stays in place. Good job Chompie's.
5	What Happens When New York ... Meets Arizona?? You Get Chompies!Chompies  has the old New York style ambiance and the food to match. The portions are large, really large, these portions are big enough for two. So bring a big appetite.  Chompies serves all the authentic deli sandwiches, soups, salads, bagels, breads and desserts.I've  been to Chompie's several times and have never been disappointed. Service has always been very attentive and the sandwiches are incredible. The  Pastrami and Corned Beef are perfectly lean, piled high,and oh so tender. If you make it to Chompies you have to try the Original  Jewish sliders.  These sliders are incredible. Moist lean brisket, piled high on challah roll, a mini potato pancake on the bottom,  with jack cheese, served with a side of hot brown dipping  gravy. This slider couldn't be any better.The soups are wonderful, especially the matzo ball. The pastry counter is endless, you have to try the black and white cookieChompie's is a must for breakfast or lunch if your in the area!
1	I should have written this review a long time ago. Something changed with Chompies a while ago and it's not a good one. I have been coming here ever since they were at 32st and Greenway. They used to have the best pastrami sandwich out there. They also used to have fantastic baked goods. Now, there pastrami is sub standard. It's fatty, it's chewy, it's flavorless and it's about half the size it used to be. This has been at least 8 times in a town now. $14 for a small, very poor quality pastrami sandwich is inexcusable.    I had lunch here yesterday and I was so disappointed that I ended up at Jimmy Johns later that night and they put the crap Chompies served me to shame. That's pretty bad to have a chain sub shop have a better quality sandwich then a so-called New York style deli that's been in business for years.     Sadly, there baked goods have gone through the same extreme drop in quality as there food. I always end up getting a black and white cookie to go after my meal. These are my favorite cookies. I'm from New York and my parents and I have been eating these for about 40 years. Chompies B/W's used to be nice and soft and had a great frosting. Now, they are hard and dried out with no flavor.      I'm sorry guys, but your food has gone all the way down hill. Your obviously skimping on everything now. Which of course means I will not be eating at Chompies every again. I really hate it when owners ruin a good thing.
5	Outstanding in every way. Great service even during the lunch rush. Baja burger was HUGE.
5	I didnt know that Chompies was a Jewish deli when we decided to eat there, but honestly it was love at first kinsh! For a person who wasn't accustomed to the heritage's delicious treats there was a large variety for me to pick through so I didn't feel forced into only a few potatoe-based options! Their bakery was so good that I got out of my car as soon as I sat down to go back in and bring home more pastries(love the gluten free options)! Their staff is extremely helpful, they've made a regular out of me and my family.
1	Rude unhelpful woman who seats people. I questioned whether to not even bother, but I had a hungry family so I went and got husband & kids from the car and came back to give her a 2nd try at seating us politely! She failed......we left!!! Rude ~ Rude ~ Rude!!!!!! The place was empty so there was no excuse to be so rude & unaccommodating! No desire to go back if that's how the staff treat their patrons!
4	I had a less than mediocre experience at the location on Shea Blvd. in Scottsdale. I posted my review on Yelp, and the marketing director actually contacted me, so we tried the Paradise Valley (Mall) location, and what a difference! My Wife actually timed our server, and within 5 minutes, our order was delivered with a smile! I had the brisket, and she had the Jewish sliders. Absolutely delicious! Excellent service, fantastic food, and great experience overall... That, and on one of their busiest days I imagine; Father's Day. We'll be back.
5	We tried Chompie's the last time we visited Phoenix and fell in love. So much, in fact, we went twice during our short stay--once for dinner, once for breakfast. For dinner, I ordered Glen's Braised BBQ Brisket, which was amazing--perfectly tender with a yummy slightly sweet, slightly spicy barbecue sauce. For breakfast, I tried the Chompie's Benedict with a latke. The latke was so crispy; one of the best I ever had. The Benedict itself was HUGE, the eggs nice and runny, and the ham thick and delicious.  Their mixed drinks are also great: affordable and strong. We were extremely happy with the service too. When one of us ordered the Chicken in the Pot to go for dinner, the server provided us with extra containers to put the soup in, just in case we didn't have a bowl in our hotel room. The server for breakfast was also very friendly and attentive. We will definitely be back next time we're in the Phoenix area!
5	Ive ben eating at Chompies since 92' when it was at the old location on Greenway. They have the best bagels & cream cheese anywhere. I miss the bagel sampler & the fresh fruit crepes off the menu but i love this place & always will, its my go spot. huge sandwiches, delicious pastries, my brother loves the matzo ball soup. Its my comfort food. The full sour pickles they give on the tables are my true addiction. been mission ghtem, which i knew where to buy them. love u chompies, always.
5	I am a "Yelper" bad and good and this one is good.  We went to breakfast last Sunday with a group of 7 of us. This time we were lucky enough to get a gal named "Mo". She was funny and attentive. (Not like that Donald server guy that is the complete opposite..OMG ! :-(   ).  Anyway... she made sure the 7 of us had enough coffee, water, our food came out perfect and she was there if anyone needed anything. I called the manager over and told her how wonderful Mo was to us and that we'd be back. Thanks to Mo for making our breakfast a fun and delicious one :-) !
2	I walked in with a friend one afternoon when there were only two other tables in the restaurant. There were two servers on the floor with not a whole lot going on. I'm very observant of other restaurant's customer service due to the fact I also work in the restaurant industry. With that being said, there was zero excuse for the lack of communication and customer service that we received from our server. She had one other table that was closing out their check and she briefly walked by our table and said she'd "be right with us". Fifteen minutes later, we finally got our order in. The only reason why I gave this an extra star is because our food came out fine, no mistakes in the order, and it arrived at our table in decent timing. After that, our server never came back to check on us nor was she walking around the floor for a good 45 minutes or so. Eventually, our server walked right by us but we had to flag her down for our check...which of course, took about ten minutes to get. Customer service is important guys! This isn't the first complaint you have gotten about lack of communication between the servers and their customers either.
4	This place is good. Love the potato pancakes. I like the New York style. The one in Chandler is newer but just as cute inside. The Jewish sliders are a treat.
5	My go to spot for breakfast/brunch. Chompie's isn't trendy, so if you're looking for that, then skip. They do however execute very well, have large portions, and a very courteous staff. Oh and a local family owns the place. My go to order is the Chorizo con Queso omlette (random order for a Jewish place I know). Omlettes are huge, plus include home fries AND a bagel w/ cream cheese. I honestly have never had their lunch or dinner items, but they seem to do pretty good business. The lunch/dinner options definitely lean more towards NYC Jewish Deli than the breakfast menu. They even give out free pickles. My favorite part of being there is when the old lady (I'm assuming owner?) comes around to ask how we're doing. She makes the rounds every weekend morning as is always so gracious to see everyone.
5	The menu is huge, but the food is great. For breakfast, I would recommend the Bobka Crunch French Toast. It is amazing. This morning though, I went with the Jewish Sliders and I loved them. I would highly recommend these. The service can get a little slow when they get busy, but they handle it well. The staff is always friendly. Come hungry because the portions are huge.
1	Very disappointed.  Went in for breakfast.  Nobody at hostess station for 5 minutes and then flagged to a booth where we sat for another 15 minutes without a hi, hello, here's some water and I'll be with you in a moment but the two groups that came in after us got coffee and their orders taken.  A little acknowledgment goes a long way and we ended up walking out.
4	I have since gone to the Shea location and it was very good on multiple occasions. I do recommend that particular location.
2	I called for a reservation for 10 people and talked to Bobbi and she assured me the reservation was made.  I called back the day before the event and talked to Patrice and she spoke to me by name and assured me the reservation was set.  When I got to the restaurant at the designated time, I was informed they had no reservation and the two people I arranged it with were not working that day,  The hostell was very rude and acted like it was my fault.  We waited for a table to be set up and then proceeded to order our meal.  The waiter was rude and the food was adequate.  One lady got her soup spilled all over her plate and into her entree.  One lady had a birthday and it was mentioned to the waiter and he did nothing.  Not even a "Happy Birthday" let alone any other offering.  I will not be taking my group back to this restaurant as I was very unsatisfied.
5	When Friday arrives, I get excited because I know tomorrow is Saturday- Chompie's Day! I come here for breakfast with my family every weekend, and I am never disappointed. The hostesses are sweet and welcoming, and our servers are attentive and always give our two young ones a cookie. And the food- consistently on point!  (I recommend the Cabo Skillet.) Lovey also makes her rounds in the morning and greets customers to see how the food is; There is definitely a sense of pride that can be seen in the restaurant and tasted in the delicious dishes.
1	We just tried to eat here- it's the first time I've walked out of a restaurant because of the hostess. She was rude. We walked in and I asked if they were seating the patio because it's only 81 degrees outside..in AZ. Everyone in AZ knows you seat a patio when it's in the 80s in Phoenix. They had a 20-25 minute inside wait and aren't seating their patio.... This makes no sense. She said it was too hot. TOO HOT? Three weeks ago when it was 105 was too hot. Today is beautiful out.  She was rude about it, didn't say I apologize for the inconvenience or anything along those lines... Just it's too hot and I'm not doing anything about it.  I will never go back. Just because it's a NY-themed place doesn't mean the employees need a NY attitude.I would like to edit my review (it's about 4 days later on 10/3) to note that Chompie's immediately reached out to me upon the posting of my review to apologize and offer me a gift card to come back & have a better experience.  This is extremely appreciated.If we do go back, I will re-review them and assign stars according to that visit and take into account the fact that they reached out to apologize as well.
3	This place has basically anything you want-I especially love their challah and pastries. This visit I got the chefs soup of the day, lentil-it was very salty but I still enjoyed it. Warning: it was also scalding hot and I had to wait a while before attempting to eat it (and I still burnt my tongue). The Caesar salad was kinda lame and had too much dressing...should have asked for it on the side. I've never truly enjoyed salad here and hated a sandwich I got one time (it was cold/dry and had wayyyyy too much meat stuffed into it).., but their breakfast omelets, bagels, challah bread, and pastries are kick ass.
3	This place is a fairly good deli, but it is a little pricey for what you get. I ordered the gluten free flatbread which is very small and the gluten free brownie and my meal was around $15. It is nice that they have gluten free options, that's very rare at a deli. I had fine service and very much enjoyed the pickles they bring out.
3	I really like Chompies.  Seems like the only place in Phoenix that has a good deli. I'm from New York and know a good bagel when I eat one.    The food was good.   Love the matzoh ball soup. And the bagels are very good.   The only thing I didn't like and why I didn't give it another star was the pastrami is very fatty and grizzly.  I've heard this from a couple of people also.   Other than Poor quality pastrami everything else was pretty good
5	I have only been to Chompie's Deli once, and didn't even know they had a location in Paradise Valley. That might be a problem... Because now I am going to eat here all the time! The first time I went to Chompie's, I had yogurt and a bagel. It was great, but I came back for the Jewish Sliders. That's right. They have a menu item known as the Jewish Sliders. They are so famous, they appeared on an episode of Man V. Food. Now, the Kobe beef sliders at The Dynamite Grille at Troon North are the best sliders I have ever had... But the Jew Sliders are delicious!Chompie's is authentic, the staff is incredible, and I will be back. The server also introduced me to their rewards program. Like I need an excuse to keep eating here. I have already earned $5 off my next meal. If you come, order the sliders. You're welcome! Big fan, and can't wait to go back. Oh, and order a meat Knish. They are cheap, hearty and the gravy is to die for. Just an all around great experience for whatever you are in the mood for.
5	Oh Chompies!!  Almost like having Grandma Esther back with us.  The food is  consistent, authentic and delicious.  We eat breakfast there as well as dinner on a regular basis. They have great gluten free items, clearly marked if that's relevant to you.  The portions are generous and wait staff is good.   Oh and check out the bakery.  It's beautifully displayed with an incredible selection.
5	the best foodpastrami, you need two people to eat ittheir breakfast is amazing, especially the chicago scrambletheir cream cheeses are homemadetheir bakery is amazingthey give military discounts every daythe owner lovey is wonderful
5	My daughter and I stopped for lunch at this deli.  We had a cup of matazbal soup and one half reuben sandwich.  Both were excellent.  Also added was cole slaw and their famous pickles.  AMY was our server and she was excellent.  I will be back for more good food.
5	great dessertsgreat breakfast especially CHICAGO SCRAMBLEthey make homemade knishes they make homemade cream cheeses of all kindspastrami is out of this worldand everything on the menuall veterans get a discount every daythe owners are great
5	Went here after Alton Brown suggested it on "Best thing I ever ate" and I had an amazing herring sandwich. It's also one of those places where all the people working there all look like they should be working there, I don't know how they did that. As a side note they do not accept credit cards and are waiting to see if they catch on. This is an amazing experience, something I really look forward to doing again.
2	Sadly disappointed with our dinner last night.  Wonderful friendly fast service.  Rye bread was mushy, the crust had no snap.  Sweet & Sour cabbage soup was too sweet.  Chopped liver was sweet, not our style at all.  Chicken Kreplach soup bland flavor was more like "Campbell's Chicken Noodle" soup.  Onion Bialy was tasteless, but nicely toasted.  The only thing worth eating were the Bagel Chips.  Nothing else we ordered was enjoyable, but it came quickly.
4	Probably the best place in Paradise Valley for bagels they also serve a really nice breakfast.
4	Two of us went there for a traditional Thanksgiving dinner. Everything was delicious. The portion size was good. Neither of us went home with the desire to snack. The only thing that would have made it better would have been the availability of dark turkey meat. It seemed to be white deli turkey.
4	Came here with my husband for Hanukkah dinner, figured lines would be extremely long but we were very surprised to be seated right away.  We both ordered the 2 Jewish Sliders with the matzoh ball soup. They were SO good but insanely messy.  The bread did start to get a little soggy from the gravy by the time I started on the 2nd one.  I think next time I will order with gravy on the side.  Lots of food & prices were pretty on point with most delis.  We ordered some rainbow cookies to go which were DELISH! Can't wait to go back & try some more of their specials.
5	Never been to Chompie's before but heard so much about it from my son I had to take him when he got in town from L.A.  OMG..he was right!  The food--and the service--were A+.Had the Reuben cause it has been dog years since I had a real one, and it was a goodie, too.  The entire meal was so huge that I know I was waddling out the door when it was overThey also have a really yummy bakery there, so we stopped and got some treats to go home with, too.This is not a cheap place to eat, tho, but you get so much it becomes 2 meals in one order.  I think I took half my Reuben home to eat later it was so big.  Overall, I'll go back.  Probably when I have a big eater with me.
