1	Ok, where do I start.1.  $2 for water2.  $15 first check in luggage, $25 for second3.  Being referred to as an Oriental in PHX4.  Lost luggage in ABQ5.  Delay flight returning from ABQ6.  Asking for water to make formula for my infant daughter and being told to wait until they sell water during the flightNeedless to say, they will not have my business in the future.We need to have a zero star option.
4	US Air performed two miracles today.1.  They managed to get me on my connecting flight, even though I landed after it was supposed to depart and the agent in my original city switched me off of it.2.  The best part of all, they got my luggage on the connection with only a 10 minute window between flights (and the planes were in different terminals).Wow.  I'm impressed.  I think I'm really starting to like this recession.  The airlines are finally stepping up their game and providing some great service.  I never thought I'd say it, but 3 cities of agents were all incredibly pleasant, helpful and patient, even though they had mobs of delayed passengers to re-accommodate.  They even apologized for the inconvenience after they bent over backwards to make sure we were set.I know it probably won't last, but I'm thrilled about this wave of goodness.  They even repealed the fee on beverages...for now.  Good times.
5	posted same review in NYC-I have flown US Air approx 40-50 times in the last 5 years and about 20-30 times on other airlines including American, United, Continental, and British Airways. I have had a few cancelled flights (United), missed connections (Continental), late luggage (American), or TVs falling out the seat in front of me and hitting me on the head (British Airways). That's not to say US Air is blemish free, but they get an undeservedly bad rap. I've never had a terrible experience with them, and when there is the rare miss hap, it has always been taken care of with professionalism. I have flown them on International as well as long-haul US flights and have never had any problems. They often have the best deals on the east coast. If you look at the stats, their operations have improved vastly over the last several years, being among the top 3 major airlines in on-time and baggage performance. in the last 2 years. As always, public perception trails reality. US Air rescinded its charge-for-drinks policy after public outcry ( see they do listen). Give them a chance- you will be pleasantly surprised
1	Starting today, I will probably never recommend this airline to anyone ever again. Why? Let me explain. RANT. I wake up at 4 to catch my 5:30am flight from Dayton, OH to Charlotte, NC. I get there on time, all ready to go. It then becomes 5:40am and I'm still sitting at the gate. Did I miss my flight? I panic and I go up to the counter. The gate agent tells me "no, the flight attendants are late."It's not 5:45. No sign of them, and no boarding. 5:55am...I start to worry that I'm going to miss my connecting flight with US Airways that only had a 35 minute interval between flights. I am now a little worried. At 6am, we finally board, and we leave. As I'm on the flight I ask the flight attendant about my connecting flight. She assures me that they still have me logged to depart with them, and I ask if I can make it to the gate (halfway across the airport) in time. She says yes, you can. Just don't stop to make friends. I comply. We get off, I literally sprint to my connecting gate. When I get there, the agent tells me they just left. ARE YOU FREAKIN SERIOUS? I specifically asked the flight attendant to make a note to the agent that this flight was gonna delayed due and to hold that spot for me since it wasn't my fault I was late. So I go to customer service and I tell them that I have a bunch of connecting flights to make today. I absolutely cannot delay any longer. My flight plan was scheduled like this:Dayton, OH - Charlotte, NC (US Airways)Charlotte, NC - San Fran, CA (US Airways)San Fran, CA - Irvine, CA (United)Irvine, CA - Houston, TX (Continental)...And since I just miss the flight to SF, i'm worried about getting back to Irvine to make my Houston flight. I ask them if they can send me to Irvine ASAP. They said yes, but that I would have to pay $600 because they would have to fly me out on the next available flight for free and make me miss all my connecting flights, or fly to Las Vegas and then Irvine, but I'd still miss my Irvine flight to Houston. SERIOUSLY!?! By then I lost it, and I gave them a piece of my mind and a very harsh, VERY HARSH lecture about how I am NOT paying for their crew incompetence. They pause, and then they call their supervisor, and then they try to reschedule my plans for me. At one point they even had the balls to ask me "Why don't you just buy a ticket from here to Houston and save yourself the extra flying time? Or do you just like flying?" Hey smartass, does it not hit your little brain that I already PAID for my flights and would rather not pay another hefty sum because your crew couldn't manage to wake the hell up on time?? Oh wait, too much info for that little brain to handle? My bad, I'll give you a few minutes. Let's hope you solve my problem before then. So after 30 minutes, they finally ask if they can fly me to LAX (Los Angeles) and have me take a flight from LAX to Houston (there's more flights from continental going out from there since there's was no way i'd make the last flight out from Irvine @2:30pm to Houston). I think about it, and I figured, fine. I guess I can. Get this, before I pick up my luggage to find the Continental Customer service counter to have them fix my other flight, I specifically ask them "WHERE IS MY CHECKED IN BAGGAGE? Did it go to San Francisco?" and they assure me that it wasn't. Good. I ask if I can have them fly to LA instead so that I can pick it up there. They near promise me that they will. Great. Thanks. You sure it'll get to LA? They're sure. I leave. First I find Continental and they are the most helpful people I've had service with. Yay! 5-star. They fix my problem from LA to Houston. whoo! I go to my gate to catch my flight to LA. Hoping that all this is solved. I also specifically asked to catch a 2:24pm flight instead of a 1:15pm flight because I want to give my self enough time to pick up my luggage from US Airways and recheck-in to Continental. I figure, I land at 12:15pm to LA, 2 hours is more than enough. I get to LA. It takes US Airways 45 minutes to get the first baggage to the pick up area. 45 minutes? What the heck were they doing this whole time? Partying in the aircraft? Come on! After 20 minutes of luggage rolling around, I don't see my luggage. I go the US Airways Baggage Claim Customer Service. I ask them to locate my baggage. You know what the guy says? "Oh, it's in San Francisco?" ARE YOU SHITTIN ME? I went outta my way to warn them about how this could happen and they assured me that they would prevent it from happening. Yet it's happening. FAIL. FAIL SO HARD. I calmly ask, "How can I get my luggage back? Can I have it stay in Irvine and I will pick it up on my flight back in 5 days from Houston?" "Sorry ma'am, you'd have to talk to United Airlines about that. The last carrier who flies the luggage has to take care of that""Wait, so United has to clean up for a mess that YOUR airline made? They have to deal with your eff-up?" (yes I cussed. I was pissed)"...yes ma'am"[To be cont]
2	Wow.  This airline makes my usual airline look like the rolls royce of the skies (and it isn't). Yes, I was lucky enough to upgrade, but thank goodness ad I can't imagine how bad things are in the back of the bus.  NO audio or video service on a 5+ hour flight. The attendant in the first class cabin was super informal and casual.  Service and communication in general from these folks is super casual.  Don't get me wrong - there is another airline that I personally love because they are casual.  These guys pretend to be like other airlines, but take it down several notches.  No lovely warmed nuts; you get to pick a snack from a basket of potato chips or granola bars.  Service in both cabins apparently stops nearly an hour before the flight ends.  Gosh, maybe it does with other airlines, too, but I have never heard it announced so loudly and rudely.  Oh -- and even during service I almost felt I was back a a keg party... the cheap wine they offered with dinner was served in a large plastic cup... the size one would use to fill a cup of beer at the keg.... (I can't make this stuff up.)Two stars rather than one as they did get me home safely.  I guess that counts for something.
5	Traveling during the holidays is always a pain. The lines are long, people get stranded due to weather and they overbook the flights. While we were waiting for our early morning flight back to SFO, an announcement came over the speaker stating that if we took a later flight, they'd upgrade us for free to first class and give us a $500 credit to fly with them again.This offer was a no brainer for us, so we jumped at the chance and gave up our seats willingly. Sure, we were up at the crack of dawn to catch the flight, but my BF and I didn't have to be anywhere in a hurry. They also gave us meal vouchers for $10 each at CLT airport that was good for 24 hours. The service was courteous and they answered our question about our luggage even though they were busy boarding what would've been our flight.When we got on our flight later that night, we received excellent service again. We had wine before take off, pillows, blankets and food. Leg room in first class is excellent. Our coach flight was okay too. I will be flying with them again.P.S. Thanks for giving me a belated, awesome Christmas gift - the gift of travel! I love you, US Airways.
3	Tip: DO NOT check any bags that you can carry to the gate because even if you want to check them at the gate, it is FREE of charge.  Good way to save $$ and still get your bags checked - also they take it right to the plane, less of a chance of getting lost in the shuffle.  I did not take this advice and regret it.  I have a certain background and personality that I am constantly looking for good customer service and I just don't really feel it with US Air.  Don't get me wrong, it's not bad but at the same time, I have never had any intense situation to test the waters either.  The flight attendants never stand out to me in this area either.  Example: while the drinks were being served, someone had to get back to their seat and so they had to roll one row back to my location and I asked ever so nicely if she would mind giving me a can of ginger ale, since she just gave me a cup last time.  She smiled and said it was just going to be a second.  Really? Just hand me a can...but no...she just stood there and waited for the people to sit and after rolling back, continued to take orders.  How easy of a customer service win would that have been? "Sure! Reaches and inch in front of her and picks up the can and passes it to me" That could have been done quicker than me typing that sentence out.  #Fail  - It's the little things customer service peeps!!!!!!  To top it all off, she brought me back an opened can of ginger ale half full.  Ummm??  Really?  I paid $60 to check two bags and you can only spare a can of ginger ale for me?  Note taken!Some planes very comfy with a good amount of space, others are normal.  Overall, an ok airline in my opinion.
4	Flight cost was good to the eastcoast, I got bumped in Charlotte, NC because the flight was over sold. No problem- They put us up in a hotel and we got a voucher for another flight, since was their fault. They did it with a smile, you could  tell when they had a long day (opps did that come out).They could come down a little on the cost of bags (man)
2	Not a fan. Living in Charlotte, NC for a couple years I got pretty familiar with US Airways as they have a choke hold on CLT. You can't get out of the frikken state on that airline for less than $400 no matter where you are going. Still it was the easy choice so I flew it a lot. Sometimes paying for convenience is worth it. Recently, I took them back from Jamaica with a layover in CLT and can't say I was too impressed. On one hand, they got us home earlier and adverted a potential delay. Plus, I was on a couple of the newest planes (complete with wi-fi) I have ever been on. On the other hand, they cut our layovers so short it made us run for every plane! They charged $25/bag for an international flight (I didn't even know any airlines charged for the first bag on international - apparently US Air is one of only a few). Oh and they didn't seat my husband and I together, even though none of our flights were full and they easily could have!? I think I will skip them in the future.
1	Can I rate it ZERO stars? Is there anything worse in the air? NO, but only because United is equally as bad. I'd never volunteer to fly on this airline, no matter what the fare differential is. If my company didn't make us fly this winged bus, I'd never see the inside of one of their airplanes again.From San Antonio, US Airways and its twin misery inflicter, United fly commuter jets. They fly these miserable jets halfway across the country. They do this because they know the passenger is flying someplace where there's no real competition (aka Southwest, AirTran, or even American). If you've ever had to sit on a commuter jet for two hours next to a toilet, in a seat that doesn't recline, behind one that DOES, after a guy drops a deuce and the toilet door doesn't stay shut, you'd say that bus pretty much sucks. The thing is, they don't have to have to put those two seats there but they do. On top of that, the flight attendant whined that she couldn't eat her full meal upon arriving at SAT.The good news was, the airplane had a relatively smooth flight. After landing though, the pilot hit the brakes so hard while taxiing to the terminal, it threw me (with my seat belt properly adjusted) into the seat in front of me.Totally uncool.EDIT: I didn't mention the astronomical fare they charged to get to Charlottesville, my final destination. I also apologize to all bus lines for comparing them with US Airways or United. Very unfair of me.
5	It's nice living in a city where an airline has a hub, it offers plenty of non-stop flights without having to fly around your ass to get to your elbow. Tonight I was all pumped, my family is going to Puerto Rico for a week, I bought a bathing suit cover and some shorts today for my trip.  I was already imagining, coffee in the morning, reading, soduku puzzles on the beach.  Little cocktails with umbrellas. Practing my muy malo Spanish. SKERRRRRRT. B has to deliver training that week. waaaaahhhhhh.I called USAir, they let us cancel our flight without penalty. I was floored and appreciative. Very cool, I have worked in reservations and I was more surprised that they let me.Thanks USAir!
1	gross. disgusting. what a horrible hub and horrible airline. i want my money back. for putting my bag underneath the plane for 25 dollars, i could of spent more money at CLT, but instead, i decided to tip my waiter nothing and pay less on the bill.NO SHIT.CLT SUCKS DICK.i've seen the best airports in the US - JFK, DIA, DTW, IAH (Terminal E) - this place is just total garbage. i'm not paying 7 dollars for soup you probably helped water by pissing inand thanks USAir, your seats are for people who are less than 5'8. I'm 6'1, which is modest, i know some people way taller than me.NEVER RIDING YOU AGAIN. I HOPE YOU READ THIS AND GIVE ME FREE TICKETS THAT I'LL END UP SELLING TO SHORTER PEOPLE. LOSERS.
1	We were scheduled with a 4hr layover and then delayed ON TOP of that by and hour and a half. They decided to change to a bigger plane and then did not have qualified Crew to fly it!!!Not impressed, not happy and a crappy start to vacation.
1	If it was possible to provide negative stars I would.  The entire experience was so awful, the only thing they have going for them is they are better than greyhound, but not by much.  The only thing they are consistent at is being consistently awful. I fly over 100 segments a year and they still manage to surprise me.
1	When trying to board US Airways Flight 1792 on 2/16/11 the gate agent, Marvin B, told me I could bring my guitar on board the plane by to see if there was room and it was up to the flight attendants.I was on the jet way when he came up to me and his demeanor had completely changed. He said very sternly, nearly yelling, that I would not be able to bring it on board. It caused people in line on the jet bridge 10 people in front of me to turn around and stare. I reminded him that he had just told me it was up to the flight attendants. In a huff he said fine and I continued to wait. When I boarded I moved out of the way of other passengers behind me and tried to ask the flight attendants about space on board. As I did that, I was yelled at by a flight attendant that said she had "heard about me" and "had been called about me" and then noticed Marvin standing behind me yelling: "she can't bring that on board! She has to check that guitar!" One of the flight attendants offered to check the overheads and said could I wait to see if it fit. I offered to get out of the way and move into the plane across from where you board but the other flight attendant who yelled, "I heard about you" said I had to get off the plane and wait.I waited for 15 minutes, making eye contact to both the flight attendant and Marvin who were on board chatting. Not once did they say anything to me. When it appeared everyone had boarded I stepped on and asked if I could check if their was room or if she had heard back from the other flight attendant. She didn't answer my question but yelled at me that I would have to check my guitar. I tried explaining to her how much my guitar meant to me and that I wasn't trying to her make her job hard. I'm a full time touring artist and I fly every 2-3 days with my guitar. I have lots of experience getting it on or seeing if wont fit. I saw plenty of room in the overheads after everyone had already boarded and the closet at the front was completely empty, I asked the attendant if I could put the guitar in and get seated. She yelled at me that I wasn't allowed to put the guitar in the closet.I asked again about the overhead space as I could see there looked to be plenty of space for my guitar from what I could see and she said that the other agent had "called back already" when I was waiting and there wasn't space. I asked her why she hadn't told me sooner. She yelled that I had to check my guitar or I would be thrown off the flight.I asked again, "please, there is nothing in the closet and this is my livelihood here, can we put it in the closet." Marvin started yelling at me that I was going to be thrown off and I said, "okay take it but please you have to be very careful..." As I said that he ripped it out of my hands, hurting my fingers.I got on and the attendant glared at me and snatched my ticket. I said to her in a matter of fact, not threatening tone: "If you keep treating people like this I hope you go to hell and get treated like this one day yourself." I felt completely mistreated by multiple US Airways employees - like a piece of luggage actually - this was just a fair assessment of the situation.I went to take my seat and was told as I was sitting down that I had to go up to the front of the plane. When I went back I was told that I was being thrown off the flight. I asked why and was told by the flight attendant that I had cursed at her.I took a photo of the still empty closet and I asked to have my things from checked luggage if I really was being thrown off. I was still pretty calm.Marvin and another man, Bruce Richard started yelling at me they could only maybe get my guitar and I would have to pick things up in Memphis. I asked why and they started threatening to throw me out of the airport! They screamed at me for not getting off the jet bridge faster - I was already half way off. I was finally given my guitar and stepped off the jet bridge with Bruce, still threatening to throw me out of the airport and then saying he would rebook me, back and forth 3 times in 20 seconds, all because I was asking questions.He tried having Marvin rebook me and I said, "absolutely not, I don't want to talk to him or have him have anything to do with my flight. Why can't someone else handle this? I feel like I must remind him of someone he hates because he has a vendetta against me" Bruce kept threatening me and because Marvin heard what I said he yelled at me: "If I had a daughter like you I would never talk to her ever again." I was trying to ignore Marvin and just get to my final destination. I asked Bruce if there was someone else I could talk to about getting re-booked and what had just happened and he told me he was "the boss of US Airways at this airport" -  a compete lie.Bruce finally helped me get rebooked but I was completely lost still about everything. US Airways is horrible.
1	Ugh, the WORST AIRLINE EVER. I've accumulated 25,000 dividend miles, which means a free round trip ticket. First, I try to go from Chicago to Pittsburgh. They have no non stops. OK, I get that. Their partner, United, does have a non stop, but for only one leg of my trip. Apparently there are only a few reward tickets for the day I could not get on. Wow....way to reward your dividend miles users, US Air.  So, I say I'll take the one way it does work, figuring 1/2 of 25,000 miles will cost me 12,500 dividend miles. That does make sense, right? Not to US Air. Well, I guess what doesn't make sense to me is....why would anyone ever fly this insipid airline?
1	Do not fly this airline, it does not deserve 1 star!  I came to Fayetteville NC from Tampa Florida last  Sunday for an important meeting on Fort Bragg Monday morning. US Airways lost my luggage Sunday with all my clothing, presentation material and equipment for my meeting. All the clothing I had was on my back and I washed them in the bathtub late Sunday evening and slept with nothing on until my clothes dried. It took US Airways 6 more  flights from Charlotte before my luggage arrived at 10:00 AM Monday morning. I missed my meeting and of course was very upset. Another thing -- my wife flew here from Tampa for this weekend. When she got to Charlotte they canceled her flight to Fayetteville and told her she would have to sleep in the airport. Last night I drove 3 hours to Charlotte to pick her up. In my 30 years of airline travel I have never been treated so badly by an airline. Stay as far away from US Airways as possible!!!!!!
1	4 flight segments, 4 late flights! Including one 3.5 hour wait on the tarmac where they proudly told us that they would comply with US regulations limiting such waits to a humane 3 hours, just before they ignored it! Along with the horrific performance, I encountered uniformly surly attitude from their employees, despite never offering any complaint. (as one who flies often for work, I learned to stop complaining long ago). No wonder US Air is the lowest ranked of all airlines. AVOID!
1	Why would they sell a connection ticket that is not possible to make?I do not get it.  And then THEY do not take responsibility.  They don't upgrade me, they don't even buy me a drink.  Just terrible.  They make me wait 5 hours for the next flight.I fly from Cleveland to Charlotte where I need to make my connection to Huntsville.  We land on time.  I am far in terminal B, and my connection is at the very end of terminal E.I hustle over.  I make it there at 5:55.  The flight is scheduled to leave at 6:00.  I am ON TIME!  I am EARLY!The gate dude says "our managers make us close the flight 10 minutes early".  Meantime the line of angry passengers grows behind me from 2 to 5 to 10 people that arrived ON TIME and cannot make a flight because Management says we have to close our doors 10 minutes early even IF WE SOLD YOU A TICKET that you can MAKE this connection.That's why I like Southwest.  There's a connection that I could make in Chicago, but they don't schedule me for in case something goes wrong.  They schedule me for the next flight.No wonder US Air is the price leader.  The service on the flight was great, the people were nice, the management has stupid rules.
2	US Airways code shares with United Airlines, and that's how I ended up on them even though I booked thru United.  I've gotta love the creative routings both carriers sent me.  Traveling from Pittsburgh to Kansas City, I had to connect in Newark.  Coming back I had to connect in Charlotte.  Hey, who doesn't love the whole going-east-to-get-west thing?  And another thing....wait!  US Airways still exists?  And they still fly their own planes into Pittsburgh?  I didn't know that!
2	On the positive side, it was relatively easy to get my dog on as a carry on.  Got the health certificate, paid the $125 each way, and no hassles getting on the plane.On the flight from SFO-CLT the seats were so close together and they were checking people's bags left and right.  I still don't get why someone in Row 30 gets to jam their bag into row 8, but the flight attendant at least got my camera bag into the overhead (18 rows behind where I was seating).On the flight from CLT-SFO, the plane was a bit roomier, but with the headwinds the plane took an extra 50 minutes.  On this flight, the guy next to me shoved both his bags into overhead, but luckily, I was able to snag some space in the row ahead of me.I thought the flight attendants dealt with the passenger angst pretty well, but the cramped seating means that this airlines goes down a few notches (basically, if they are the only flight flying direct I'll take them, but I'll pay the extra money to not feel like I'm in some aeronautical Darwinism comedy sketch).
1	It seems like I always have a bad experience with US Airways. Not that other airlines blow my skirt up, but they at least don't leave a bad taste in my mouth after a trip. I'll spare the list of previous experiences, but we have currently been sitting at the gate for over an hour. We were about to push back from the gate when some communications issue popped up. "We need to call the engineers, it'll be about a 10-15 minute delay." It's now been about 40 minutes and we have not gotten a single status update. The anxiety of not knowing just makes frustration grow. Sadly, this is a typical US Airways experience. I am a frequent traveler, and other airlines do offer far better service. Unfortunately, we are all too often beholden to price and scheduling. US Airways offered the flight I needed. Poopstix.Continued: the delay has now been over an hour. After they fixed the communications then the bathrooms stopped working. Hate.US.AirFurther update: we de-planed and are now waiting for the bathrooms to be fixed, a procedure that is estimated to take a hour.  Blood boiling.
1	Probably the most unpleasant trip i've ever experienced. Flying with this airline out does sitting in economy by the bathroom on a 15 hour flight. A friend and I were on our way back to JFK from Mexico but had a layover at Charlotte. As we went down to claim our baggage, we realized the conveyer belt wasn't working. A worker comes down and I hear her say that it has been broken for about an hour. So i  assumed it was almost fixed. But we stood there for another hour as this tiny old woman was attempting to throw a few bags down from the machine that drops the bags down onto the belt. She eventually gave up. What I didn't understand was why they left the conveyer belt broken for so long, knowing that it was broken and that most of us had a another flight to catch relatively soon. When we went through customs, another lady indifferently warned us that we'll probably miss our flights. So yes, we missed our flights and when we finally claimed our bags, more US airways workers gave us no direction on where to go and just took our bags from us and threw them onto another conveyer belt with no explanation. It was just insanely hectic. The only flight after that 1 pm flight was the 10 pm flight which left us stuck in a city where even the airport workers told us wasn't worth the money to visit. We were completely exhausted, but the added indifference of the airline as well as the incredibly rude and snotty workers did nothing but make me realize that I will never fly with US Airways again.
1	its nice to see that i'm not out of my mind and overreacting here. it seems you've all experiencedmuch of the same.i won't bore you with the details of what happened to me because its all already here. missed connecting flight with no help, apology, anything. no compassion whatsoever, they just hand me a flight for the following morning and tell me to get a hotel. i've written to them 3 different times. they have always replied with a generic email saying how sorry they are but will not refund me for anything, including my hotel.i'll tell you one thing, Jet Blue would never treat their customers this way, and i don't work for them, i just have been lucky enough to fly with them in the past. US AIRWAYS SUCKS.
1	Oh, US Airways.... You miserable pile of shit! You've stolen a star when you truly deserve a big fat 0. This review is being written in the thick of it. My husband still has not made his connection.... His connecting flight from Charlotte to San Francisco was cancelled. He should have left the airport about 6 hours ago. First, they told him his only option was tomorrow morning... Instead of delaying for 18 hours and sleeping in the USO, he opted for standby on the next flight. The schedule showed two more (direct) flights out for today. We're still waiting for the damn thing to stop being delayed. This next 'mystery' flight out of theirs has been delayed five times... We got close with that last one, though... The bastards waited until seven minutes before boarding to give it another 1 hour stretch! We're both seeing red! Plain as day, all of these reviews just scream DO NOT FLY US AIRWAYS OR UNITED!!!! All of them have their problems. This isn't the only airline that we've missed a flight, been delayed, or had cancel on us. But the succeeding bullshit has been enough to tip the scales. I will never fly, recommend, or rate in favor of these airlines again.
1	Pathetic dividend awards whereby they are constantly canceling your miles. I flew US Airways 2 months ago and they still cancelled miles. Shocking. Just a stupid small town airline - not worth messing with.
1	Not happy with the fact that on our recent vacation, US Airways would not allow me to preselect my seats. The Customer Service Rep told me the computer would auto select my seats 24 hours prior to the flight. My issue comes with the fact I was traveling with 2 children under the age of 10. On our return flight, all 4 of us were scattered throughout the plane. The rep at the gate told me there was nothing they could do and I would have to ask the people around me if they would allow me to sit with either one or both of my kids. My 8 year old daughter was seated in a middle seat between 2 adult men. The family we were traveling with had a 5 year old child that was seated away from both of his parents as well. Absolutely RIDICULOUS!!! Just curious USAirays CSR and Gate Rep, would you be OK with this if it was your child? Probably not.
1	Hands down WORST airline ever. I fly an average of 24 round trip flights a year and never have I experienced such total and complete incompetence. In fact, I'm so incredibly fed up I'm typing all of this on my phone and, thanks to US Airs stranding me on a runway, it looks like I've got time. Let's start at the beginning. I flew out of LGA to CLT on a 12:59pm flight with a 2.5 hour layover and a connecting flight to Baton Rouge where I hoped to join my family for my grandmothers 90th birthday. It's now 8:40 am the next day and I'm still at CTL. Why? The plane to BTR had brake issues and was delayed. Then there were massive storms. Then weather delays. Then air traffic delays (code for your flight isn't important to us, it's not big enough). Not only was my gate listed differently online than on my ticket, the gate attendant told me to stay put. Said stay at the ticketed E27. The screens were about 1000 yards away down 2 broken moving side walks so I stayed put as instructed and watched for visual clues or announcements. Several calls from my family members later I thought I'd check again and was told 'sit tight.' It was now 6pm, flights were taking off left and right and the website read gate E14 and DELAYED. I hiked to the boards which read the same thing and tracked down to the gate. Another 1000 yards and two sidewalks later i arrived at E14. I asked the attendant what was going on and she was clueless. Luckily her partner overheard me and asked my name. Said that flight left at 6:09 where had I been?  I said I'd been at E27 where was the announcement? He then said that I must have gotten to that gate too early they'd changed it awhile ago. So my gettin there early and 'staying put,' screwed me over. They were nice enough to get me standby on a 9:30 flight that night. Even upgraded my seat to bulkhead. I went to the pub directly by the signs so I couldn't miss a thing this time. I watched as my flight delayed to 10, 11, 11:30 and 12:01 AM. At 11pm I went back to the gate to get a reading on what was next. The new attendant told me it was likely 3am but then the crews would change over and this would delay or cancel the flight further. I went to customer service and discovered that was the case. The earliest that she could ticket me to even New Orleans or Houston was 6pm the next day. I'd miss the birthday party. I inquired about getting home to the NY area. Sorry grandma, flowers are in order as is a raincheck and a direct flight. Checking all airports there was just one seat available in 24 hrs, and it was set to head to EWR at 7:45 am. I took that and the preferred hotel slip. The hotel they recommended was HORRIBLE. Dirty linens, hair in the bath tub, broken furniture, it was moist and smelled of mildew. At 1:30am I didn't care I took my $20 savings from US Airways and curled up in my $70 armchair. At 6am the scheduled shuttle was 10-15 min away. Then at 6:10. This continued till 6:30 and some other guests and I called a cab. It arrived at 6:45 with the shuttle behind it. Keep in mind the airport is just 1.5 miles away and all this thing does is go back and forth. DO NOT stay at the Baymont. After going through security, where my bag was run three times, and my purse was inspected I booked it to the plane. I got a coffee, got on board with group 1, found my nice bulkhead aisle seat and realized my phone didn't make it. Yep somewhere in security's over zealousness, my new iPhone was gone. I asked the flight attendant if could make a run for it, sprinted down 2 concourses only to have security tell me they didn't have my phone. I must be at the wrong terminal. I asked them to double check and let me see the locked drawer of lost goods, they did... and there was my phone. I booked it back to the plane thanking God I wore sneakers and got to my seat only to be told to sit further back in a middle seat because a (surprise) assistant dog needed the seat. A surprise dog?! You've got to be kidding me. We taxied down the runway only to be stalled. There are three mechanical problems. The first has been remedied. The other two are mysteries that require Detroits involvement whatever that means. It's now after 9am and we are back at the gate, sweating in no AC, all wondering just what the two promlems are, when theyll be fixed and what 'we think we fixed the first one,' means. Online says 11:01 but im tempted to go check those signs.  Oh, and clouds are gathering. It could be worse, the guy next to me is trying to get to a funeral. I'm not a pilot, but I am the daughter of one. I'm not a meteorologist, but I know the south, and thus I know the south gets storms. Now why on earth an airline based there (CTL is their hub) can't figure out the obvious is beyond me. I will never fly US Airways again. Delta might be snippy, AA might be dated, UA might have labor issues, but all of them get me where Im going.
1	We are in the midst of a very stressful transition, moving across the country from Charleston, SC to Portland, OR, in order to access better educational and therapeutic resources for our daughter Camille, who has Cerebral Palsy.One of US Airways' gate agents, Connie Owens, took it upon herself this morning to make our travel even more difficult, stressful, and inconvenient. I do not have sufficient words to express my absolute disgust and disappointment with Ms Owens' lack of compassion, flexibility and courtesy.  We have flown with our daughter many times in the past eight years, usually taking US Airways because their crews have been unfailingly helpful, sympathetic and courteous.  Until now.Camille is now twelve years old, nearly 100 pounds, and almost five feet tall.  She is non-ambulatory, non-verbal, has autistic-like sensitivities, and often will require one or more diaper changes on a long flight.  Consequently, we always sit as close to the back of the plane as possible, as she is much too large to change in the tiny bathroom, and past flight crews have been very accommodating in arranging to either block off the aisle, screen off the last row of seats, or allow us to use the floor of the galley when everything is locked down after service.  We were explaining this to the flight crew and Ms Owens when she took it upon herself to insist that that absolutely could not be done, that we were only allowed to change Camille in the bathroom, which is physically impossible, and to aggressively verbally berate my wife Christina over wanting to make some arrangement so that we could get to our destination with a minimum of discomfort and inconvenience to ourselves and our fellow passengers.  Her aggression set off our daughter into a loud and prolonged screaming fit.  Rather than wait for the meltdown to pass, or to back off and give us a chance to calm our daughter, Ms Owens immediately contacted security to have us removed from the plane, which was unnecessary, humiliating, and a tremendous inconvenience.  The security manager, Mike, was extremely kind, courteous and helpful as he assisted us from the plane, and consequently rebooked our flights for tomorrow, and set us up at a hotel near the airport. Nonetheless, this has made a difficult and stressful trip even more so, and has caused us to have to scramble to rearrange things at our point of arrival.  We are also stuck in a hotel without most of our luggage and some of our prescriptions. This has been, overall, a horrible experience, and certainly will make us think twice before flying US Airways or its affiliates again.  In addition, I cannot imagine that Ms Owens' actions were in any way acceptible per the ADA.  I attempted to call to make and resolve this complaint, but the agent and supervisor I spoke with insisted that it could only be addressed through a web form, promising contact in one to three business days, which is infuriating.On the positive side, Yvonne J, another gate agent, was tremendously helpful and compassionate.  We also received assistance from an airport maintenance man, whose name I did not catch, in replacing a bolt on the wheelchair that broke as we were bringing it up the gangway.  Special needs flyers and parents - have you had similar experiences? Advice? Insights? How do I get people to treat my child like a human being?
1	Flew in from Raleigh with an injured foot, had ordered wheelchair service - nobody there at the gate.  I hobbled up to the gate staff, who were incredibly rude.  Waited over 15 minutes for anyone to help at all, and when someone did come, they were really surly.  This, after I paid $361 to fly back one day early due to my injury.  US Airways offered $100 credit.  Not enough to entice me to fly them again.  Since I fly them about 30,000 miles a year now, guess they don't mind seeing me go.
2	Terrible customer service! I am waiting 2.5 hours now to fly home on my scheduled flight. I just watched an earlier flight take off with empty seats. I asked gate agent Miguel Cintron in Charlotte to place me on the earlier flight, as the pleasant agent in Jackson did earlier. Miguel Cintron told me that I would have to pay $75 because I am not a Silver member. Why would I want to endure more shoddy customer service to become a Silve member? I won't. There is nothing special about US Airways' routes or schedules.UPDATE: After emailing US Airways, I receivedan email from Deb, one of their customer service people. The message only reiterated the policy I had complained about. I replied with a message beginning with "thanks for the semi-canned email." This, finally, garnered some real customer service. Deb called me, apologized, and admitted that the policy was flawed. She also said that she would be suggesting a policy change at an executive board meeting. Whether or not anything comes from it, I was happy to finally get someone reasonable to consider my criticism. Boycott lifted. One star added.
2	The jet looked new but the services offered were very bare bones - for example no entertainment. The first class service is comparable to coach on most airlines. No meals. Just bags of chips and pretzels. No champagne. They have warm white wine which is served in a plastic cup. Classy. The upgrade isn't worth it unless having a little more space is really important to you. I hope they don't take over American.
1	Worst airline ever!
3	We flew from Las Vegas to Washington DC with a layover in Charlotte. On the way there everything went perfectly with no problems. On the way back our flight to Charlotte was delayed and we missed our connection by 10 minutes. It would have been great if they could have held the plane but I understand that is not always possible. We went to the service desk to find out if we could get on the next plane. The person who helped us was able to book us on the next flight to Las Vegas about two hours later. My only complaint was that her attitude and the attitudes of the other employees working the desk was slightly hostel and unhelpful. I am sure that get screamed at by angry passengers all the time, but it would have made our unpleasant experiences slightly better if she was positive, helpful, and most importantly apologetic.
2	When competition is high, airlines need to keep up with thier services to keep customers. I booked through US Airways based on a particular schedule that I needed. I never used US Airways so I was unaware of what they offer. All I knew is I wanted to get to Orlando. The planes seem older, no TV's, no plugs, no entertainment of any sort besides your Sky Mall Magazine filled with wacky gift items. On 3 of my 4 flights (I connected in Charlotte), there was no food offered, not even peanuts. They charge $25.00 for bags, but often full up the flights with no room for even your one carry on bag, so they will check it for free at the gate. I think they don't monitor the one bag and one personal rule, because people were getting away with bringing more than they should. So I decide to relax with a cocktail and ordered a Rum and Coke Zero. The credit card machines are not working, so they have to comp me since they don't accept cash. That was nice considering the situation. US Airways should really put more into thier services, the more you offer - the more people will spend. At least keep up with your competition, since you really are not that much cheaper or more convienant.
1	What is one to do when the change/cancel fee is more expensive then what my tickets cost?  I guess US Air will have a few no shows on flights this week.  Thanks for being so accomodating in such extenuating circumstances with Super Storm Sandy!  NOT!
4	Living in Charlotte, most the flights you will take will be US airways unless your dont care abotu havign stops. As much as I complain about flying, US airways does a good job.For the most part, my flights are on time. With a few exceptions, my flight attendants are always nice.  The few times that I have been bumped up to first class, my attendants were even nicer!They make you pay for a checked bag, but the over head is usually large enough to fit my large carry on roller.  (A lot of other airlines use smaller planes that dont.) On domestic flights they offer a drink and choice of small snacks. A lot of airlines have stopped doing this. On international flights, you can check a bag and they offer a meal which is okay.
1	US Airways in Charlotte North Carolina has a problem personality on their staff. Good airline, when working with people like Cola Lindbergh CLT but get someone like Marie Stevens CSS and you'll hate life! Re-train her on customer service, travelers are paying clients not inmates!My minor daughter had her passport expire.  We were unaware that minors passports expire in 5 years where adults it's 10 years.  We were all feeling bad enough, as this was a major bump in our vacation, but the passports were looked at and we saw we were good as far as expirations, unfortunately we assumed since we all got our passports on the same day, they would expire at the same time, we were wrong.Cola was wonderful, helpful, and kind as my daughter was very upset, while Marie Stevens at their "customer service" counter was mean, and very cold.  US Airways would do well to have a little sit down with Marie (I think the supervisor) and let her know there isn't a need to kick people when they are down.UPDATE....It gets better... On our flight back to Phoenix from Charlotte (1/6/2013) a passenger asked a flight attendant if she could get assistance UN-boarding the plane as she had a short connection and due to our flight running late she may miss her connection... The flight attendant replied that maybe the passenger should plan her flights better and sit closer to the front of the plane (not our family)  Really?  She was rude to others the whole flight, several people noticed it.  It's too bad one or two people can ruin a companies reputation, not sure we'll fly US Airways again.
2	We flew safely but other than that not impressed. The staff at the counter and the flight attendants could care less about their job and if you have any problems or not. let alone look to assist you.
3	Friendly staff.Disadvantages:  Do not have an App for Android Do not have electrical (USB) outlets on seat.
2	I was originally thinking about transferring my united miles to US airways.  However after tonight's experience with the agent on the phone for 10 minutes, I have decided not to do so as I have never received a ruder treatment than someone like her.  All I wanted to understand was how to get my ticket numbers for a few past flights.  Not knowing that I would need to reach out to my original booking agent, I simply asked if she could provide my ticket numbers.  To my amaze, she raised her voice and used very inappropriate language towards a customer without listening to what I had to say.  It disappoints me to know that they are represented by this type of employees.   The reason I gave them two is that I have not had a bad experience with their aircraft as a frequent traveler.
2	I flew out of Indianapolis with a connecting flight to Charlotte to Memphis.  There is complimentary drinks but if you want a snack, you have to pay, and they only accept cash. I was asked what I wanted to drink on my first flight. I told her and she handed me a napkin and nothing else. When the other flight attendant came to take my "trash", I informed him that his partner never gave me my complimentary beverage. He apologized and offered me one. I figured she had went to the back to get my tomato juice originally as she rushed back there with the cart. He must have told her as she came back to me and stated, " apparently I forgot you. Can I get you something?  I said excuse me? Since she wasn't looking at me. She repeated it and then added that she apologized for that, but her tone of voice told me otherwise. The second connecting flight was okay after the confusing airport where everyone was asking what is this flight?  They had two flights going out the same door pretty much at the same time at each of the 4 doors. The stewardess on the flight made sure everyone was on the right flight.
1	Are you kidding me?  Fly another airline or take the bus!  Rude (consistently rude), flight attendants with personalities similar to a squashed apricot and late planes (Miami to Charlotte, Flight 730 and Charlotte to San Francisco, Flight 705), with a maintenance problem (2 planes out of two!!), to boot!  Oh, yeah, that's my problem!  Right!  Avoid this airline by all means!  By the way, seat 19F on flight 705, keeps reclining without pushing the button and the magazine holder on the seat in front of it is busted and pushes against your knees making for a most enjoyable flight.  Perhaps the CEO should fly for 4.5 hours in this seat. So if the folks in maintenance are reading this, you might want to get it together and start doing your job!   Oh, Yes, FILTHY seats with snot rags left in the magazine holders (great job, cabin crew!).  If this is what flying in this country has risen to, I weep for the future!
2	No matter where you're going, you will go through Charlotte, NC and have to jump on another plane.  The staff is OK and the seats are barely average on comfort. They do not offer snacks other than beverages.  They want to charge for any and everything, yet the planes feel VERY old and dated. The interiors always appear in need of a cleaning... be it grease on the windows or seats to garbage on the floor.  There is NO TV, music, magazines or entertainment, so bring something to occupy you.  They are still a step up from A.A. though.
1	Well US Airways...you've done it again. For the umpteenth time flying your airline you've once again got me feeling like this is the worst airline service of my life. Never mind the lack of amenities...zero entertainment, barely functioning wifi, non-reclining seats in first class even (I'm serious - seat was busted), but staff is consistently the least attentive in the industry. Makes me wish I was just on United where 'mediocre' is the rule of thumb and not 'awful' Flt 707 CLT-SFOWish someone would put this crap airline out of business. Maybe if we all agree to never fly them again we can make it happen...yelpers unite!
1	How US Airways single handedly ruined our honeymoon.We had a 730am flight out of OHare airport.  They delayed our flight due to lightning which had stopped literally 15 min later where they reopened the gate.  Our flight was delayed till 1222pm and here's the reason they have, "we only have two terminals that hold a plane big enough for our trip."  The funny thing was the terminal sat empty for long periods of time.So we finally board at 1215am.  We now fly into Charlotte nc.  We missed our flight for punta Cana and after standing in a 45min line for customer service, we are told no other flight till tomorrow morning!!I have an all inclusive trip booked which starts today I tell them.  The heavy set African American customer service lady we got to speak to has 0 customer service skills and basically told us too bad, nothing we can do.  She does hand us a discount card for a $59 room which they refused to pay even though I've already paid for a room in punta Cana.  Oh and now I have to pay for travel and food expenses.Long story short they are clueless, have not a care in the world of where they dump you and I've never seen such terrible customer service, except maybe the DMV.Please, do yourself a favor, walk or swim I don't care just do not put yourself through the nightmare that is USAirways!!!!
1	Always problems and delays. Us air can suck it
1	Horrible Customer service- had a connecting flight in Charlotte NC for Raleigh - Durham @ 11:30 but arrived in Charlotte early- @ 8:30 just in time to catch a 9:35 am flight.    They would not let me changed sat w/o paying a $75 up charge fee- for each ticket mine & wife's.. Even though 9:35 flight had several open seats- they would rather send 9:35 flight half full then give us seats-     We were told- if flight was FULL she could put us on STANDBY- for free but since it had plenty of available seats, that means she has to charge us $75 ea since "the machine" won't let her remove that- apparently they're not trusted to make calls like that...    It's an airline - so I'm sure this is equivalent of yelling at a brick wall - buta) lack of customer service from any of the personnel - how can there be when they're not allowed to actually do anything by " The Machine" b) the whole airline itself and its bloated policies: no food service on long flights, up charges for every single thing you can possibly think of & building profits off fees rather than building customer loyalty through a good experience. c) lack of design and thought to its crappy process- that actually helps the traveler- plenty of thought on how to leech more money though.Overall crappy experience- will try another airline and hope it is better then what this poor excuse for a Business call an airline.
1	I arrived with JUST ten minutes between flights. And no that was not how it was planned!First delay....lady did not want to sit in the exit row she was assigned.  This is why you are supposed to ask as we are boarding if we are okay with it.  Second delay....boarding door is closed. Flight attendants have already made their rounds a couple of times.  The seat next to me won't go completely upright (off by an inch or so perhaps).  So this girl has to move.  And they have to notify maintenance.  And we have to wait on paperwork. 35 minutes after our scheduled departure time, we are finally in the air.  This was my THIRD flight of the day. I was just wanting to get home. Thanks US Air for making this trip longer and more stressful than it needed to be.
1	DO NOT FLY WITH US AIRWAYS!US Airways Flight 4427Philadelphia to BaltimoreAugust 8th, 2013Flight CancelledI was not late to my flight, I did not miss the date, I did everything correct. It was -your- airline that created the entire problem by overbooking all flights that came after our cancelled flight that day. The only resolution offered to us that would fly us directly to Baltimore would have been to take a flight leaving -11 HOURS- (9pm) after our originally scheduled flight (11am). That is not acceptable.This was the answer I received from US Airways customer service employee Edie Curt:"When a customer accepts accommodations to an alternate airport, the customer assumes responsibility for the additional expenses."To note here, we did not "assume" the extra expenses. We were given no other choice if we wanted to reach Baltimore in time. We accepted a flight to DC because it was our only alternative that would get us close enough to take public transportation to Baltimore, and to meet our deadline.I did ask if we could be provided a rental car so we could drive ourselves from Philadelphia, and that request was immediately denied. As it was, we had to spend our own money for all public transportation from DC to Baltimore so we could meet our group waiting for us in time. This is also not acceptable. It took us FOUR trains to get from DC to Baltimore in unfamiliar territory. Why should this cost be on us?This was a second answer I received from US Airways customer service employee Edie Curt:"There are no federal aviation regulations concerning what an airline must do to compensate passengers when the carrier delays or cancels a flight. This is true regardless of the reason for the delay/cancellation (e.g., weather, mechanical, crew availability, etc.)."So basically because it is not ILLEGAL, they are not required to help their customers in any way. Beware if you are flying US Airways in the future, I would consider otherwise. I have flown on other airlines and I have always either been provided a hotel, food, direct compensation for a future flight or alternate transportation to my exact destination at no cost to myself.Keeping the money we paid for services you did not deliver upon is considered theft. Your airline is a poor excuse for a business, and we will never fly with you again.Sincerely,Anne K.
1	This is worst flight experience. Made me loose connecting flight on both ways. At the end they give a 1800 number to call a hotel and book a room by ourself. The staff is so unhepful. I would never fly with this airlines. I swear
2	Thanks for nothing U.S Airways.  Good thing I purposely packed light only so you can tell me that there's no overhead space and I need to check my bag. Not gate check so I can be on my merry way but go to baggage claim so I can waste some more of my time in a bloody airport
2	My review of US Air is based on my trips after the merger with American.  I thought US Air was pretty decent before the merger, now they are getting ridiculous, for example they will find ways to charge for just about everything from a little excess weight on a luggage to selling seats at the gate.  On a recent trip and while waiting for my flight from Charlotte to FLL, the US Air employee assigned to my gate announced multiple times that for an additional $120 there are two seats available on first class, I really thought this was tacky, why couldn't they upgrade someone from coach to first class for free.   Secondly, the food choices in first class have been reduced to a mere chips and drinks and that's about it.  Lastly, by April of 2014, they are somehow downgrading those that have preferred status such as myself, one customer service person told me, you can always buy up!  Really US Air!
3	USAIR AKA USSCARE has always been a crappy airline and was one of those last resort options to the other big airlines......but in the last few years while US Air has stayed at the same crappy levels the other carriers have all gotten much worse and are now at their level or worse so it makes US Air a viable option these days especially if you are going to one of their hubs like Charlotte..like all the other carriers these days they have minimal staff...old planes and charge for everything..I expect that so no complaints...in a pleasant surprise though I dealt with some friendly staff at the check in kiosk and on the planes..I laughed out loud at 6 in the morning when the staff member just told me to answer NO to all the questions on the computer screen unless I was wanting to pay for stuff I did not really need..planes were old but got me to Charlotte early..and got me back on time as well...just bring your IPAD or I Phone to stay occupied because they have zero in flight entertainment...certainly not a luxurious experience but what domestic airline is these days?..would not hesitate to use them again if heading back to Charlotte or they were the low cost option to somewhere up The East Coast
2	I used to fly a lot of US Airways, as I live here in Charlotte. They operate 85% or more of the flights out of CLT, so you have to work hard to avoid them. But avoid them I do, after I switched to (then) Continental because I felt more appreciated by CO than I did with US. More pleasant flight crews, more modern planes and I was seeing better upgrades as Gold on CO than I was as Gold on US.I've since switched over to Delta as my primary carrier, though I do end up on US occasionally.But not for long! US is acquiring American Airlines in a reverse merger. They're keeping most of the US systems and people, but they're taking on the American name and livery. It's the same thing they did (are still doing?) with the merger with America West. They kept the AW systems but took the US Airways name.Slow to get luggage, poor IT interface and a terrible habit of selling their credit card at every single opportunity then can. Especially to a captive audience, such as those on their aircraft below 10,000 feet when you're not allowed to use your noise cancelling headphones. That's just classless.
1	US Airways lost my carry on luggage in Charlotte which I checked, as a courtesy to them, after they went on the loud speaker asking for volunteers to check luggage because of such a full flight. I waited 90-minutes and they were not even apologetic. There were quite a number of poor consumer at their baggage counter experiencing the same. And this flight was contracted by American Airlines. I will NEVER AGAIN KNOWINGLY SPEND MY MONEY TO BOOK A FLIGHT ON US AIRWAYS!
4	A lot of people hate US Airways.  On our recent trip, we were hearing horror story after horror story.  US Airways is no torture trip for Julie D.  Our flight was on time.  Boarding the plane went fairly smooth.  Lots of overhead room to store my carry on.  I even had an empty seat next to mine so I could spread out.  Sure, they are cheap and had no movie available.  But I always have lots of magazines to read.  We were late to take off because of some silly story about a broken seat that couldn't be repaired until later.  But they still had to complete paperwork right now, right now.   So, after about a 20 minute delay, we were on our way.  And surprise, surprise, arrived early in San Juan.
1	Our flight was delayed because US Airways "couldn't find a pilot" to fly our plane. By the time a pilot was found, several connections in Charlotte were missed, including ours. We are having to spend a night in a hotel with a short night of sleep. US Airways doesn't even offer hotel discounts.By the time we reached the airport, we had to wait for a gate to open because "another plane took it."US Airways has been full of really poor excuses. This has been my first (and will be my last) time flying US Airways.
1	our flight was delayed for 19hrs from Manchester to fort Lauderdale, us have offered me the $600 compensation in e-vouchers, I want cash, because the voucher can only be used on there website and there flights are twice as much as any other provider.
1	US Airways worst Airlines ever... Over sell tickets in turn downsized their flight bump confirmed passengers off flights..... Without any plausible explanation and they have the nerve to have a attitude with pissed off customers.... They are the worst airline to fly.... All happened in Charlotte March 22 on many flights.... Unprofessional, disorganized and disgusting
2	Treated like cattle
1	Our flight out is canceled with no explanation and all other flights today are over sold.  One of the flights we are on stand by for is already two hours late.   I hold out little hope that things are going to get better with the merger with AA.   Once again I am asking myself why I fly anyone other than Southwest.
1	This airline is the absolute WORST!! I've lost my luggage twice on two different occasions with them and it was a hassle getting it back both times. I vowed to never fly with them again until my company booked a flight and I had no choice. Customer service was horrible once again I. Two totally different airports. I truly believe that these aren't coincidences it's just the airline. I fly ALOT on various airlines and have never experienced anything as bad..
1	Our family of five with three children just had their flight canceled today for non-weather related (ie mechanical) reasons. Very unaccommodating with our rescheduling and hotels. Certainly not family friendly given our 3 children under 5. They wouldn't pay $10 extra for a crib for our infant at the hotel they arranged. We have 2 additional flights tomorrow. It's like our traveling has not even started. I would not fly US airways unless you were going to save hundreds of dollars on the ticket. In the end you'll just end up spending more when they cancel your flight.
1	You ever hear about the slum lords who are made to live in their own rental apartments.  I would love to make the CEO and all the board of directors ride their own airlines. I will promise you I will never fly this airline again. I have experienced the worst day of travel in my entire life. Three things that need to change:1. To short of layovers. Dozens of people sprinting through Charlotte should indicate you are cutting it too close for your customer. 2. Your customer services department needs to be trained to be empathetic.  Not a single person said they were sorry today when my flight was delayed and I missed my connection. 3. Your planes are gross. Please clean them.
1	Unbelievable.I wanted to change my flight to leave from a different city. They wanted to charge me $850 to change the flight. Even if i wanted to just cancel the front end of the round trip ticket they wanted to charge me $350.  I could buy a one way ticket for about $300 but they will cancel my return flight if i don't show up on the flight. I am trying to go into and out of Charlotta, that's what the airlines will do to you when they are the only game in town.I fly on average once every other week, you now know why US Air is on the bottom of my list of airlines to fly on.
1	Got my 85 year old mother in a wheelchair, they assigned her a seat in the back of the plane and I asked to have her moved up closer to the front to lessen her walk and they refuse to change her seat. Wonderful people here.....
1	Four flights on US Airways in the last three days and not a single one left or arrived on time.
1	I an forced to fly this airline due to limited flight from my hometown airport. In the past 24 months I have flown over 100 tine in and out of Charlotte. The planes are dated, dirty and broken. The flight attendants had to ask people to take the next flight because their jump seats were broken. So they all sat in first class while 2 customer were taken off plane. I usually sit about 30 minutes after landing on the tarmac for what the pilot describes as traffic and low gate staff. Like we showed up and suprised them. Useless Air does not have a clue about what an airline should be ran like. I feel dirty and unsafe flying with them. I'm currently sitting on the tarmac waiting....we were early. Now we're delayed. And my dawn seat back keeps going back on its own while the flight attendants are yelling at me to bring it upright.
1	If I could give it no stars I would. Poor customer service on top of canceled flights, delays, cramped old planes. Nightmare started with an omen I suppose, flying from San Diego to DC with a stop in Phoenix.  Left engine would not start, so they "jump started" it. That was a thirty minute struggle. :/  I seriously wanted to disembark and change flights, but had important work things on the other coast.On return flight, they canceled due to weather. No consideration to give people hotel accommodations, meals etc. thankfully my job provided hotel. I was waiting in line,.at this point patiently to ask a question, Michelle B.  Looks around customer ages helping , "Do you have a question?"  I think to myself, No I'm just rubber necking, but I'm so tired I ask about being at least accommodated with a seat change. "No uhn uhn, it's too full"Seriously she couldn't just finish with that gentleman and call the next customer, every person is listening to my business! What if I had a medical situation or a financial question. It was so uncomfortable to talk over a random gentleman with his ticket and credit card on the counter.  It gets better, on the plane, people were skipped for drinks or ordering snacks, the elderly gentlemen who was trying to order next to me looked over dejectedly  and said, well I'm glad I wasn't hungry anyway. The stewardess looked over and away, no apology or bag of peanuts (not that they were giving any out).And now I'm in Charlotte. My flight delayed two more hours, diverted to Columbus. I get it frontline staff doesn't control the weather or decisions made in ivory towers. But can they control gleeful smiling when customers ask for assistance or some accommodation, however slight  for  hellish conditions? Garbage I tell you. Pure garbage. I would never book my flight on this airline in the future, way too many strikes in my book all in one trip! It's a plane full of NOPE.
1	I flew yesterday from Liberia to JFK with a layover in Charlotte. The flight to Charlotte was fine. In fact, the pilot got there early, but they didn't let us off the plane until 20 minutes later until we were suppose to exit. EVERYONE on board was wondering what the hold up was and they were saying the runway wasn't not cleared, there is a plane ahead of us so no room on the exit, and then they said it was weather related incident. The majority of us was still worried about missing our connection flight.  We BEGGED them to call their departing terminal to state they we are being held up. They told us they were aware of the situation. We finally got a chance to exit the plane and customs did a fantastic job of trying to move us a long. We RAN across the airport to make sure we caught our connecting flight. We barely made it with 5 minutes to spare to see our's and other connecting planes leaving with other who were earlier than we were complaining that they made it before they even roped off the gate but would not let us in. Everyone of us was on that same flight and all the connecting flights just took off without waiting for us. The lady on the counter said NO ONE has contact them about our plane being held up and assumed that half the people on the plane just didn't show up. No only that they wouldn't compensate us for hotel or rent a car or even another way back to our destination. If you would like to be lied to, be disappointed, or gamble on your flight experience, then this is your airline.
1	Dasi R at gate B14 was so obnoxious and rude!  An out and out bitch! All I asked was if I was rescheduled on another flight since my delayed flight would cause me to miss my connecting flight!!!! "As soon as I check you in!!! " in the most unfriendly manner!! It was as though I wad asking her for her kidney!!! Whatever....
1	We had a flight to New Orleans last Tuesday that left from Richmond on AA with a connection through DC. The flight was delayed (3 times) & eventually cancelled. We had to rent a car & drive to DC to catch our connecting flight b/c we had to be in Nola for a business dinner. On our return trip back Saturday night on US Air, we had a connection through Charlotte that was sold out & we got bumped off of (although there's still some confusion on exactly what they did) and they couldn't get us out until Noon on Sunday. Once again we had to rent a car & drive home from Charlotte to Richmond. How this company is allowed to continually take peoples money over & over without providing the service they've sold I cannot understand. Not a single "I'm sorry", not even a sympathetic look.They should be shut down &/or purchased by another airline that know what they're doing.
5	weather can cause delays. The crew for our flight was delayed. us airways help desk it was also helpful . It changed our connecting flights promptly. They are so kind and helpful thank you thank you. Thank you!
1	The Stuartist were extra Inconsiderate . Safety measures were off . The guy that was sitting next to me asked the Stuartist   if he can throw his drink away . She yells over my   Emotional support animal that's sound alseep .. " I don't have gloves sir you must wait " what was funny to me was the other ones were collecting trash without gloves . Instead of her coming back and accommodating this man's request... All of the stewardess went to the back and have lunch hour . I'm standing at the bathroom and hear them acting like a sorority . The man next to me hit the assistance  button . A lady came and was more rude . My opinion is whoever is working human resources for US Airways needs to get theses leaks out of the system . It's all about leadership. US Airways and Spirit Airlines the worst reputation ever . Today I finally found out why. Flight number 1782 to Charlotte ... On June 15th 2014. 5pm eastern time but then again the guy at check in charged me for my ESA animal and he has two ID cards and a doctor note for travel . Luckily American Express & my attorney will handle Dan at the San Fran check in counter .learn ADA Laws please And learn customer service and appreciation
1	I had a 5:15 am flight at 3:30am I got a recording call advising me that the flight has been delayed until 8:00am because the crew did not get enough sleep. Trust me I want that Captain rested, but why didn't they call me when he went to bed last night and I also could have been rested for the flight.This is such an unbelievable excuse.There are other airlines, and my suggestion is to use them.
1	Would have given no Stars for rating if possible!!!! This is the worst airline experience my wife and I ever had in our life. My wife and I had a 7:45am flight from Tampa, stop over at Phoenix, and destination was San Francisco. We already checked in online the day before, had our eboarding passes,  and even paid $50 for our checked in baggages online. When we arrived at the airport 1 hour and 15 min before our flight, we were told by an attendant at the ticketing line that we had to move to the kiosk to checkin our bags, but there were so many people trying to check-in at the kiosks with little attendants to assist.  She yelled at the people stating that the ticketing line was only for people making changes to their flights. Observing that it took almost 15-20 min to get each person through tbe kiosk I was hesitant to go to the kiosk line, since I knew you had to checkin your bags at the latest 45 min before the flight but followed her instructions. It was now 7:55am still waiting for 2 more people to get through the kiosk line. I then asked my wife to go outside to curbside thinking we might just as well pay the extra cost to get our baggage checked so we can get to the gate. Tbere were two people in front of us at curbside  and  by the time we got to the attendant at curbside it was 7:05am. The attendant then said we may have to now rebook our flight, she checked and said that we missed the 45 min cutoff and now have to go back to the original line at ticketing to rebook our flight. My wife tried to explain that we were told to jump from one line to the other, and said we already have our boarding passes n paid the luggage fees, why couldnt we just drop off our bags? She said it was too late. THIS WAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE AND WILL DEFINITELY NOT FLY US AIRWAYS AGAIN!!In addition to the original rude attendant at Ticketing (heavy weight, blonde, caucasian woman) telling us that we were on the wrong line,  we were rebooked on a 8:30am flight to Charlotte for a STAND BY ticket at 3:05pm to SFO. This second ticketing attendant said that we shouldve arrived at least 1.5 hours before our flight n that there r only 3 other flights after 3:05pm flight at Charlotte that we can probably catch since she can only put us on stand by.  Fortunately, once we landed at Charlotte the attendant at Charlotte was kind enough to confirm us on the flight to SFO. She was surprised why we were not confirmed at Tampa! WORTH MENTIONING, there were at least 4 other people on the same flight that had to be rebooked because of how long the kiosk check ins were being completed even though they too arrived early.
1	If i could give zeros stars i would. This airline is a joke ! Everybody is a prick to start. Boarded the plane then only to be told 20 mins to fix a glitch then told an hour then an hour an half, then to great joy everybody had to get off the plane. Every 15 they would say a few more minutes. My 7:30 flight went to 1. Thanks guys ! Then they chose random people took there ticket & ripped it & told them due to the smaller aircraft they had to adjust there flight. Excuse me i have a cruise to attend ! If i miss this cruise all hell will break loose. Also Brent b the fat fuck is an asshole. Rolled his eyes & made a snarky face , no shame- customer service at its finest. They can seriously go suck one.
1	Don't tell me that there is no overhead room and make me check my bag just to have me walk on the plane to see half the overhead storage spaces open.
1	Hate this airline. My flights delayed every time without fail and the airplane itself is disgusting
5	I really don't understand all of the negative reviews. I flew from LAX to Charlotte, NC, then to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. All four of my flights were on time. Every flight attendant was very sweet. The flights had some turbulence, but that's to be expected because of weather.Granted, I flew first class, and perhaps my experience is different than someone in coach. My seat was roomy and comfortable. The drinks were abundant. I would definitely fly US Airways again.
1	Note: WORST AIRLINE EVER!!! We had a red eye out of LAX to Charlotte, with an hour layover, then off to Cleveland. They emailed mid flight the gate was changed(with no wifi to check the email) and they also had us circle the airport for an hour with no reason. Needless to say we plus about 20 other people on our flight missed our connection by 4 minutes. They wouldn't even hold the other plane for 4 minutes and were extremely unapologetic or even helpful after. I will never ever fly with this airline ever again. I hope their business fails and they all get herpes.
1	I had several flights scheduled with US Airways in early Spring this year.  Unfortunately, I was diagnosed with breast cancer in March, and it has been nonstop scans, chemo, surgery, etc., etc. I could therefore not fly with my children.I contacted US Airways immediately to ask for a refund or credit to my account.  I was to be traveling with my 2 small children.  They said there was no one to speak to about this on the phone.  I had to fill out an online form.  I did this.  The form required diagnosis information, a letter from my doctor, ticket numbers, etc., etc.  I submitted the online form in April.Several weeks later I received an e-mail stating that I needed to submit this form with a letter in writing to an address in Texas.  I sent this letter along with all the prior documentation in April.  I never heard another word back from US Airways.  I strongly feel that these letters are sent to a post office box that empties directly into a trash can.  I don't think anyone has read a single one of my requests for credit.  Going through cancer while caring for young children and trying to work is so terrible, expensive, exhausting, and demoralizing, I could not believe that US Airways wouldn't even grant me the humanity of a response.  I have been flying with them for years, but I never will again.It is worth noting that Delta airlines supplied airline credit after a 10 minute phone conversation, and that credit is good for one year.  I am very disappointed in US Airways and encourage you to make travel plans elsewhere.
1	Normally I'm a cool headed person but when you manage to mess up two flights and then proceed to lose my carrying you insisted needed to go under the plane. I think I have a fair reason to be upset. I understand things happen but when I have been in three cities and each person I tried to speak with was incompetent and unable to get anything done I tend to get a little upset. Sorry but you have officially lost my business forever.
2	Bad weather happens.  So I was stranded overnight in Charlotte, NC.  The Help Desk (sic) provided a blue slip with an 800 number that was supposed to locate lodging.  Instead, the recorded message said,"...sold out."  As airline employees abandoned their passengers as midnight closed in, and the air terminal closed down, the inside temp of the pretty airport fell like a rock.  From now on I will leave the tropics with an anorak, "just in case."  Standby the next day began at 6AM, and didn't succeed in shuttling my tired self out of there until almost 4PM.  The podium employees practice with marbles in their mouth and go to work on the mike in the same style.  The Service (sic) counter personnel are not completely trained in either the computer system or general civility.  I really felt sorry for the US Air personnel who were also at the mercy of standby rules.  There were five pilots and three attendants in uniform vying for the same standby seats.  Once on the plane, I realized that the interior space sadists had been hard at work.  You have to practically walk sideways while a carryon bag barely fits in the aisle.  It's not just old timers who complain that flight experience just ain't what it used to be, Useless Airways indeed.
1	Funny thing, well maybe not. My family and I Patiently awaiting our turn to get ticket scanned to board flight out of Charlotte N.C. As my young teen is ready for scanning, abruptly ROZ B. ( the scanner ) blurted out (HOLD ON!) absolutely no manners or even an attempt to make paying customers feel welcome. As it was my turn to get scanned I informed Ms. ROZ B. That my kids were taught to treat all people with common courtesy and respect. Instead of apologizing, she proceeded to bully me with taking note of my seat number like she was going to take action against me.I don't know if she skipped the common courtesy day of training or what.There was not a zero star option.Unfortunate that one person representing a big corporation can shed such a negative light so quickly. Maybe she just don't like her job. Maybe she feels like it is owed to her, maybe ROZ B. Just don't care...
4	First time I ever flew on US Airways! I enjoyed my trip from DFW to here. US Airways are another one on my list to travel on the airways. Another great thing I will say is that when my wife and I were on our way back to DFW our flight was delayed in Savannah and we barely made it to next flight. Needless to say they just closed the gate but the staff let us on board since there were at 10 others that were in the same situation. I really appreciate the customer service. Our luggage was late coming in but it was not lost. They put it on the next available flight for us.
1	This was my first time flying US Airways. The prices were cheap and I wanted to experiment with a new option. I have to say that I will never fly with them again.  Few companies now our days care about customer service. Their employees seem unhappy and poorly paid; but I could mistaken. They at least seem that way. I noticed no work culture of going above and beyond to keep customers. I don't drink soda, so I'm pretty economic. I ordered water twice. I received a cup of water each time. Really? A bottle of water would have been more than sufficient! The water had little ice and it was not cold. I stopped requesting water. I was also helped at the gate after the employees finished their conversation. I waited patiently for them to finish and acknowledge me. I was also turned back from the first restroom, although my seat was on the main cabin. Really? It is 2014 and we are treating people with outdated rules of classism! She even pointed out to the transparent curtain of separation! How ridiculous is that! Restrooms are for emergencies! Rich and poor use them the same way! Plus everyone has to walk the hall where first class is to get in! At certain hours does the presence of the coach folk is not welcome? Is that your motto as an airline?  "Keeping it classy since we lost track of how much society has changed"? That is why JetBlue keeps growing! It's not their prices, but how much humanity is in their motto and culture.
4	I'm fairly surprised by the abundance of negative reviews here. I've generally been loyal to either Delta or Airtran but since Delta is just so much more expensive and since they revamped their SkyMiles program, I've since ventured out and tried other airlines.Sure US Air charges for food and the planes are smaller and there's less attention paid to customer service (I.e, no mandatory referring to customers by their name and other minor courtesies) but they have always been on time for me and have performed the services necessary to make my flight comfortable. The planes are older than many of Delta's planes, but the pilots know how to fly them and I've never experienced a rough landing. Flight Attendants have never been rude to me, always have been polite and thanked me for giving them my business. It is annoying that I have to transfer every time through Charlotte or Philadelphia, but the airports are well maintained and the connection lay over times are reasonable. I am satisfied enough with the airline for the price and assurance that I will arrive at my destination within an hour of prediction, and I will continue flying so long as they are cheaper.Biscoff cookies are absolutely delicious, and their taste is absolutely enhanced at above 30,000 ft; however, they are not worth paying another 2~300$ for via Delta.
1	Flight delayed due to weather, no problem.  What was terrible was that I was put on the flight from Atlanta to Charlotte in the first place.  Due to the delay in Atlanta, I wasn't going to make my connection in Charlotte to Omaha.  They should have never boarded me on the flight.  I would have just gone back home and gone the next day.  Easy Peasy.  Instead we were loaded on the plane in Atlanta, my bag was taken and "checked thru to my final destination."  Because there was no room in the overhead.  The bag had all of meds, my CPAP, clothes, etc.  So we get on the plane, taxi out to the taxi way and then are notified of our 45 minute ground hold.  Now, I'm on the plane to charlotte, no way to get off, my bag is checked with no way to get it back (i'll explain that part later) and I'm destined to be stranded in Charlotte instead of being turned back home in Atlanta.  I get to Charlotte and immediately call reservations.  The lady on the phone was VERY helpful.  Rebooked me, put in a request to get my bag retrieved, gave me directions, etc.So, I headed to baggage services.  That's where the wheels fell off.  The extremely discourteous "service representative" informed me that what reservations did was only a "request" and that they had no intention of looking for my bag.  There are too many bags, they aren't even going to try.  So, I called reservations back to tell them that they should not tell people to go to baggage services if it wasn't going to do any good.  All that will do is increase people's frustrations because they will have to hear the message of "your priority is not our priority so we aren't even going to try to help you."  I was really shocked at the reply.  The second person I talked to reservations said they put in the requests because that was standard procedure and the people in baggage services at the airport are supposed to try to fill the requests.  This is the exact opposite of what they told me in baggage no-service.  There was no try to fill the request.  There was only ignore the request.  So, this got me to thinking, how hard could it actually be to pull a bag?  The bags to Omaha for the next day have to be in a specific area that somebody knows.  How else will they get on the correct flight tomorrow?  Also, how many displaced passengers to Omaha are there? 5 / 10?  So 5 or 10 bags in an area that someone should know how to get to?  Why is that so hard?  Yeah I know there are, to quote the baggage no-service rep, "6000 bags back there".  But I don't want you to go thru 6000 bags.  I want you to go to the specific bags that are waiting to be put on an Omaha flight in the morning.  Are they not grouped at all?  If a bag doesn't make a plane do they just throw it on a giant pile?  I've been delayed before, on multiple airlines, but I've got to say that tonight on US AIR was the worst.Now to the recommendation....  If they want to check your bag because they are afraid of the overheads being full, JUST SAY NO!!!  If you are on a direct, okay maybe.  If you're on a connection, NO.  You're bag is dropping into a black hole and is unretrievable.  And no one will help or care about your bag until AFTER it doesn't show up at your final destination, however many hours or days later that is.-Robert
1	I discovered that I left my wallet on my seat in the plane as I was going through customs.  We immediately returned to the gate D3 as the cleaning crew boarded.  We asked the US Airways personnel for help and a young man went on to the plane and ask the cleaning crew if they had found it, they said no but as they were leaving the plane one young man pulls out my wallet and shows it to he's co workers.  We watch  as my wallet walked away.   We asked for security and no one came, we did get a supervisor for US Air Ms.Carlyn Blek (not sure of the spelling) she tried to get her supervisor but no responds...  We have written several emails and tried calling but no one is responding.
1	Two inches of legroom.  US AIR should go the way of eastern and northwest.  Customer service, planes and even  the home airport are all terrible! Forced on here after being delayed all day!  If there was a way to give negative stars, I would.
1	Never again! We flew into Charlotte and had 45 min. To catch the next flight on our trip, which we knew. We're in our 60's and the next gate was at the furthest end of the B concourse. We arrived at E and had a hard walk to reach our next gate on time. When we got there, we found our flight delayed by an hour and a half because the flight crew wasn't expected from CHICAGO until 6:45 or so. Needless to say, we're PISSED.     YOU GOT US ONCE US AIR, NEVER AGAIN.YOU'RE OVERPRICED AND SERVICE SUCKS.
1	Shame on you US Airways!!! Such a long story but did nothing to compensate me when I missed my connecting flight due to air traffic. Lied to me where my bags were, temporarily "misplaced" my bag...... never again. I will stick with United.
2	Air hostesses were nice, but barely attentive during a long flight. Would have appreciated a bit more attention, but okay, it was a red eye and most people were asleep. Did not like that although I required assistance with boarding, when I asked for a set change from middle seat, I was given the absolute last row on the plane. Spent the night listening to two air hostesses talking about their lives. They could have told me that in the first place and I would have stayed where I was, instead of being completely uncomfortable for 4 hours. I don't like them compared to other airlines, but they had a flight that suited my schedule.
1	Hand down the worst airport I have ever flown.  I try to avoid them like the plague, unfortunately living in the Carolina they are the only reasonably price option for last minute business trips.  I cannot count the amount of times they have lost my bag.  I have been stranded in the airport once.  My connecting flight was delayed I arrived at the gate 10 minutes after the flight left, the last flight to Raleigh for the day.  They made no effort to get me a hotel, rental car, or even offer me miles or any other concession.  I can't believe their computers were unaware of a brief delay.  I was one of close to a dozen people who missed that flight.  When I asked the customer service agent what the options were and showed my irritation her response with quite a bit of attitude was "Well you chose to fly on a weather day!"  Deplorable.
1	US Airway never fails to have delays through CLT. First the flight is delayed due to "air traffic congestion" then the flight is delayed yet again due to maintenance issues THEN another delay past another flight that's headed to the same location. Would make sense to me to give the passengers the working plane first thereby only having a 2 hour delay and delay the other passengers by 30 minutes. This airline needs better management or updated equipment. Would not recommend using this airline unless desperate.
1	Not nice!
4	Incredible difference on FL# 5268 from Charlotte to Lexington. Extremely courteous flight attendant. Thank you! Smiles.
1	Most unreliable airlines ever.. Cancelled a San Francisco flight saying it's bad weather when two other flights are going to sfo airport. They wouldn't compensate or do anything. This is my second time with US airways and have had similar experience both times.
1	Avoid us or American airline if you can.  They will make u to check in even your 1 piece carry on :((.  And the staffs were very rude and aggressive when I politely asked can I check if there is room for my small bag bc it was raining and I don't wanna check in my unlocked bag...They said all space is filled, but when I walked in to the airplane, there was so manyyyyy space left to store....They still can store another 10 carries on but.... Very disappointed experienced and it's my first time flying w them probably also the last time.The aircraft temperature was really cold, and there was no inflight blankets :((....it's a 4 hours ride but no snacks except water and soft drink.
1	We were on a flight from LAS to CLT. Flight was delayed in Vegas and we were concerned about making our connection to RIC. We were told there were 7 passengers that were also going on to RIC. Myself and my gf are Chairman and Silver members and was told they would hold the flight. It made since because it's the last flight and there are no connecting flights for anyone going to RIC. I can understand if our flight was very late but we landed at 10:22PM and since it was the last flight out why not wait 10 or 15 mins for all 7 of us. In stead of wait they left 3 mins early! Please explain!
3	The flight from Lexington was on an old, small plane that could use a good cleaning. I dropped something beside the seat and the crumbage was disgusting, I was grossed out for the rest of the flight. Luckily it was a short flight from Lexington to Charlotte. The plane from Charlotte to San Francisco was bigger and cleaner. Just a random note... the dude who sat next to me smelt like body odor, I mean really who takes a flight and doesn't bathe or use deodorant? Well, maybe he was running through the airport and worked up a sweat. It was way worse then the last time that I flew and the lady next to me used too much stinky perfume before boarding. I mean really, why do I always get these people seated next to me?! Note to self: use extra deodorant when flying, just in case I have to work up a sweat. No movie during a flight that was over six hours. Really?! The $8.99 lame, small salad was gross. I didn't even finish it and that says a lot because it was merely the size of a side salad. It was called a Southwest Chicken Salad, so stay away from that. I guess they purposely named it after their competition. The chicken was jiggly, to the point that I really don't think that it was chicken. The dressing was just a bit larger than a creamer container. I guess you do sometimes get what you pay for. The other lines were way more expensive than US Airways, so I have to give them that. And they fly out of Lexington, so I didn't have to drive to Louisville, which is the closest airport to Lexington that you'll find a Southwest flight.
1	Worst airline. Waited for hours to get someone to help with ticketing only to find someone with plenty of attitude and unwillingness to help. Customer service is extremely poor compared to my usually Virgin, southwest and Jet Blue experiences
1	Yet again severely disappointed in how US Airways handles their business. Poorly operated, poor customer service representatives, and over-all lack of commitment to the patrons that frequent their business. Yet more delays without a good reason behind them and with no plan in place to resolve said delays. I would recommend paying a higher price for flights with their competitors as at least Delta, Southwest, and United are much easier to work with.
