5	best shop in town! very talented artists! the only place in vegas i'll go for my tattoos.
5	Awesome place. Awesome dudes. Awesome work. Awesome times had by all.
2	the staff was cool, the place seemed clean but my tattoo was not as good as it could be. something i wanted for a long time is now something i regret and will have to have fixed by someone who can do it right
5	This is one of the nicest shops I have been to in Vegas and I am a local! The staff there is really nice and approachable as well talented. It's a great place to get top notch custom work. the shop is clean and in a really great location if you are on vacation and staying on the strip!!!
5	Best shop around. The only place you should get tattooed at.
5	this is a real tattoo shop!!! no glitz and glamor just awesome artists and cool people. decore in the shop is tons of art and flash and cool odd things just the way it should be. i have got multiple tattoo's from Cameron and he is amazing. i also have one from Josh that i love, the owner of the shop is Buddy and the work i have seen him do is also sweet! these guys are super funny which makes getting their art work even more fun. if you want a awesome tattoo and a great experience this is the place to go! make sure you take change for the meters if you go before 6pm
5	Coolest shop in Vegas, Buddy Holiday and his staff are amazing and what a perfect setting in downtown Vegas, it's the way a tattoo shop should be. If you done believe me let the work Buddy has done for me speak for itself
5	downtown tattoo ROCKS!!!! got a new tattoo from Cameron and it is AWESOME. get down here to see these guys if you want some bitchen art work. if you want crappy tattoos don't go here! LOL
5	I found this place from a friend who wanted to try out a new shop, after seeing the results from his tattoo I was impressed. I wanted to try this shop out, I went to get my chest tattoo'd and went to numerous places at first and the pricing was ridiculous. I went here and I was hooked. I love this place, the environment is awesome, & the people that work there are ULTRA AWESOME ! Josh Adams is my tattoo artist, & he's legit. He does any artwork I throw at him and he does an amazing job. Buddy is rad too, he did one of my co-workers tattoo and it turned out perfect. If your a tourist, this is the place to go if you want local pricing and a safe sterile space, if your a local then you know what's best for you, and coming down to one of the best shop in vegas is your only resort -downtown tattoo. BAM !
5	Best place in town Buddy and his crew will hook you up
4	I want to update my review, Ive actually been meaning to do this for a bit now. So after my first review was posted the owner of the shop (Buddy)contacted me via yelp email. He explained to me that the particular artist who did my tattoo no longer works for him and that if I was interested he would like for me to come in to the shop and see what he can do to improve upon my tattoo. The thing is that I haven't had time to get down there and I really hate getting tattooed on my rib cage repeatedly but I do plan on taking him up on his offer. I want to have something on my body I can show off and be proud of. I will assure you that there will be a third review in the making when the time comes. And I really do appreciate a business willing to make things right with their customers.
5	Great shop. Very clean, very organized. You feel comfortable walking in and getting work done. Buddy, the owner, is great. He's friendly and very talented.
5	best shop in vegas hands down!i get my tattoos from only one person and its the owner of downtown tattoo which is buddy! very professional and funny as well.his work is very detailed, the lines are incredible and the color is very vibrant. i get compliments everywhere i go. thanks buddy!
5	I love the old school vibe of this shop!  It is so cool inside and super clean.  This isn't FLASHARTRUS!  The tattoos are quality art and last.  No fading out like other tattoo shops.  Their lines and details are superlative.  They know how to represent what a true tattoo shop should be.  My new favorite tshirt is one they designed.   My tattoos are heartfelt pieces I would never go anywhere else.
5	This is definitely the BEST tattoo shop in town! Very clean shop with awesome art throughout. Buddy is a great tattooist and is willing to work with you on your tattoo idea, no matter how complicated it might be. His work is extremely detailed and speaks for itself, and his japanese art style exhibits perfect balance between black and color. Get your next tattoo here! You will not be disappointed!
5	Straight Up-Town talent at Downtown Tattoo! The owner, Buddy, hooked me up with a re-constructed piece on my back which I was very pleased with.  Other tattoo shops have an unsanitized vibe, but Downtown was very neat and clean.  The shop had  ol' school flave  and a good atmosphere.  If anyone wants a good piece of artwork they can be proud of, I highly recommend that you hit this spot! Oh.. and they got freebie stickers and beer jackets to accompany your new tat..
5	Best shop in town!
5	I'm from LA and was in town looking to get a good traditional tattoo. Luckily Joey was in the shop to help me out. He drew up exactly what I had in mind! Total nice dude, light handed (a plus), and really rad shop. This is def my new Vegas tattoo spot. :D
1	The people here are cool and nice.Eight months ago I asked for a white ink tattoo. When obtaining a white ink tattoo, it's imperative that the tattoo artist knows not to press the stencil down too hard, which is exactly what this artist did. I really liked these guys but seriously, I have what looks like a cross between a burn scar/ half charchole imprint/ on my wrist. It's like this gray sottering mark. It's not even a little bit white. It isn't like I can ask for a new goddamn arm, and I'm not going to put some colored shit over it, because it's my wrist. I went in to have them fix it once and all it did was scar it. Usually people exclaim "Oh, my GOD - what did you do to your arm?!?!" Or my favorite "Wow what phase of tattoo removal are you in for that? Does the laser removal hurt." Honestly, I have a sense of humor about it all. What the fuck am I going to do ya know? I've seen the work these guys have done on other people and it's awesome, but honestly, every time I look at my arm I have to force myself to laugh at how awful it is - and at least take down my 5 star review of this place.
5	Just got a dragon tattoo from Josh. Must say, very satisfied with the results. The details were great and the lines were clear. It came out clean. You get what you pay for. Had a hard time picking out a tattoo parlor tonight but I couldn't be more pleased for finding this shop.
5	The guys here are top notch, period. All the artists are very talented and professional. The shop is clean and hygienic. Buddy did some work for us and we found him to be very collaborative and he did a great job. We'll be back for sure!
5	When in Vegas... I only get tattooed at downtown tattoo!
5	Just got my first tattoo! Great shop with a classic old school feel, clean, comfy and Steve Rieck is amazing! Found the shop via yelp and noticed that every reviewer had given it 5 stars, you won't be disappointed. Hope to come back and see Steve again soon!
5	Just had my first tattoo done at Downtown Tattoo. The staff at Downtown Tattoo were friendly and patient with my friend's and my questions. My friend got a quote for his first tattoo.  We then walked down the block to another tattoo parlor, where he was quoted a price twice what the Downtown artist quoted us! We went back to Downtown, where Joey did an excellent job on both of our tattoos. The artwork is amazing, and I will definitely go back to Downtown if I decide on another tattoo.
5	Made getting my first tattoo quick, comfortable and very fun.Buddy tattooed my friend and I, and did an excellent job executing exactly what we wanted. He was able to sketch an amazing piece for my friend right on the spot, and though the designs we got were fairly simple, it was evident, even from our brief experience, that he was extremely talented. We're both thrilled with the results, and had a good time while we were there.This shop is very clean- watched them open brand new sterilized needle before each tat, and everyone we spoke with was an absolute professional.
4	What a REAL tattoo shop looks like.Great work and nice people, too.Highly recommend.
5	My husband introduced me to this shop & I couldn't be any happier with the work I've had done. Buddy (shop owner) is an incredible artist. He's a perfectionist & has a ton of pride in his work. I have been tattooed by a few other shops in Vegas, but nowhere else has made me feel as comfortable as this place has. I wont settle for any shop other then Downtown Tattoo.Ps- white tattoos on white people are fucking stupid. Get some bright colors & wear your ink with pride.
5	My wife and I decided to get a tattoo on our honeymoon, but the travel agent in Mexico said to get it in the States, so on our next trip we decided to go for it.  My wife got a double heart design that was from our wedding.  I have had two other tattoos before so I decided to go with the largest I have gotten so far and got a Chicago White Sox logo on my left calf.  I didn't come in with the design, but they were able to get it fast.  Joey was really good.  He started with me (my wife wanted to see it done before she got her first one).  Joey talked with us the entire time.  He began to notice when I needed a break and let me take the time I needed.  He even gave me a couple of Red Vines (I love those things!).  In the end, I was extremely happy with my new ink.  He made sure everything was done well and protected afterwards.My wife got a smaller one than mine and she was shocked when her was done much faster than mine.  I have waited a while to see how the healing on both of our tattoo's went and I am glad that we won't be needing touch ups!  The healing is pretty much done and no complaints at all.  This is the best experience I have ever had with a tattoo shop.  I highly recommend them and the work they do.
5	Great place - Joey was excellent!
2	Came here for matching tats with my BF. Steve did the small infinity symbols on our ring fingers perfectly! Our tattoos were gorgeous.  Better than the image I showed him.  For a few days.  Two days after our tattoos, the ink had washed off and you could see where part of the infinity symbol on his finger wasnt tattooed completely.  We followed the after care directions (not our first tats), however, within a few days, the ink began to flake off. By a week and a half later, my boyfriend's tat was almost gone and the ink on mine had come off in chunks. Week three and both our tats have healed completely; his is about 80% gone and mine is 1/2 gone. Now, I did my research on both shops in Vegas and finger tattoos.  We opted for Vegas to commemorate our first year anniversary (we met in Vegas).  We chose this shop because of all the positive reviews and we didn't want to go to some touristy shop.  I also knew a tat in this region would need to be touched up over time (not completely redone in a few weeks) and special care was needed due to the area (hand washing, fingers rubbing, etc). I had taken pictures (both when we first got the tats done, days after and ink coming off) to send to the website.  Buddy responded to me. He felt bad and offered to fix them, but we live in Nashville. He was genuinely sympathetic to my situation.  No further communication after that.  It kills me to leave a negative review, but it is what it is I guess.  Now we are literally back to the drawing board to redo our tattoos here locally in Nashville.
5	Great place to get a tattoo!! Can't wait for Buddy to do my next one!
5	I had been searching for a good tattoo shop with artists I knew I could trust and Yelp, you didn't send me to the wrong place! I walked in and was immediately helped by Buddy, who was still doing someone else's tattoo. After he'd finished that, we both looked online for a better image of the tattoo and he went to work. I'm telling you, you WILL NOT be disappointed by this shop! I absolutely love my tattoo and how clean-ly done it is. Since my piece was on my foot he told me if it starts to fade to call up and he'll do a free touch up on it.  I'll never think of going to any other tattoo shop in Vegas after this, it'll always be straight to Downtown Tattoo! If you ever think of going somewhere else, good luck, because this is the best in town!
1	If only I could give a negative rating. Quoted $300 but told me to bring $500 in cash just to be safe.  Was told 3 times I was rude.I wasn't trying to be rude, I was hiding tears as all I wanted was a rose for my dying mother.  He said I was rude from when I walked in the door.  I was crying when I walked in the door.  When I realized this wasn't going to work I asked if owner would recommend another studio.  He told me to keep walking down the middle of the street and surely something would find me.  As I was driving, I asked him if he meant  he hoped I got hit by a car.  His reply: Yes.His site says he takes credit cards.  I have a Visa Debit Card which can be run as a credit card.. But Joey told me "I TAKE CASH ONLY" I wonder ir he just wanted to see how much cash he could get from a woman alone.
1	Why would I lie about being told to bring cash?  I was never told about a broken machine.  Ask your empolyees again if I was told to bring $300 to $500 dollars in cash and whether you ever explained to me about a broken machine but rather just to bring cash.  Now I was obviously drugged and mumbled from the time I walked in the shop  so no one could understand me? That is blatantly slanderous. Rarely are heavily drugged people called rude so many times because they are not capable of being coherent enough to be rude.Such a poor attempt at your own defense.  Say what you will but you know you have lied. I noticed all of your positive reviews are quite old. " I refuse to write incorrect things about people who lie in the middle of the day."  All I wanted was a rose.I was disappointed that I could not talk to the person ahead of time who you planned to do the tattoo. As I gave you a very detailed description of course I was disapppointed that I was explaining all of this to someone who knew he was not going to do the tattoo.I came in a day before I wanted the tattoo done as I politely explained on the phone so that it could be drawn on that day and inked on the next day.  If no one was going to be available,it would have been a courtesy to tell me that.    Fortunately there are many honest artists in town who won't call me rude, tell me I am on drugs, tell me they only take cash without an explanation,tell me to find an ATM to get $20 to hold an appointment, tell me they have never heard of a debit card when they obviously have, and then say I am on drugs.  I remember too many things too clearly to have been drugged. I was disappointed by you not your employees and to them I apologize for this ugliness.  You were unclear as to who you were among your employees and I only assumed you were the owner as you had the largest working space in the rear of the shop.  Please ask your apprentice who could not keep up with the appointment book just how drugged I seemed as in your empty shop no one else could hear us.I apologize to the Las Vegas High School coaches who said you were a good guy and I should try going to you as you said you don't know any of them and had never heard of the school.  They are very loyal gentleman and were hurt when they were told this as well as horrified to know they sent me to a person who called me rude and stated I was drugged the entire time in his shop.  I doubt you need to worry about seeing them again but as you don't know them, it doesn't matter.
5	Great shop! Walked in yesterday and was greeted by Buddy. Within 5 minutes I had my appointment set for the next day with Ross. The shop was very clean and had a great atmosphere to be in. Ross took my unfinished koi tattoo and after 1 session turned it into something even greater than I had expected. With still more sessions to go I can't wait to get back in the chair in a few weeks and see what he can do. I think I have found my new "go to" shop here in Vegas. Definitely will be suggesting it to everyone who wants some work done.
5	They do offer excellent service. I was planing on getting my tattoo for many years and we finally decided to do it in vegas. They offered excellent customer service and the artist did his job very well. I am glad i choise this plance since they did my first tattoo and it looked excellent. Just love it!
5	Most professional shop in town. Buddy is very talented and super nice. One of the other guys even rode his bike to go feed my meter while I was getting my tattoo done :) Great group of guys..I definately recommend this shop especially if you're turned off by the douche factor at most shops.
5	I started going to Downtown Tattoo last summer.  When I first walked in I noticed the shop was extremely clean.  I immediately felt welcomed by the staff.  I took a chance to check out their work and decided to have Buddy work on the sleeve that I was starting.  The work was excellent.  He took the time to talk with me about the design and gave his spin to my ideas that made the entire work come together. I spent 8 sessions with Buddy.  He is an amazing artist.  He can put an great spin on your idea and tie the piece together with little or no previous drawing.I finished the sleeve at the beginning of the year and have never been more pleased with a tattoo.  I have received numerous compliments on the quality of the color work and have seen little or no fading over the past 8 months.  Thanks again for all your time and effort.
4	Great shop!! friendly tattoo artist. Great deal and got us in and out.
5	My husband and I had gone to Vegas from Long Beach for our wedding and knew that we wanted new tat's while in town.  We both have many large tat's already so we know how to do our research when looking for a new shop or artist.  I called around to a few of the shops I was looking at just to get a feel for them.  The other shops I called just didn't give me a good vibe but for some reason Downtown Tattoo seemed right to me.  I told them what we wanted, it's a small symbol of our faith called a triple Goddess which looks like this )O( and they said that it wouldn't be a problem for them to get them both done that day so we went in that afternoon.  I talked to Joey when I called but when we got there he had someone coming in very soon so Ross did our work.  He did an outstanding job on both of them.  My husbands is solid black and mine is blue and black.  Ross has a light hand like nothing I've ever felt before.  Mine is on the back of my neck and from talking to other people they say that this is a hard spot but Ross made it very easy.  We plan to be back in Vegas again next year and will be back to see Ross for sure.  With the work he does, his light hand, the clean shop and great pricing I've got some things I'm planning on already.Funny little tidbit... while Ross was working, my husbands and I talked about different things and our barber shop came up, when we said the name of it Ross stopped... looked up and said... Wait, is that in Long Beach CA?  We said that it was and come to find out the best man in his wedding is our barber.  Our barber shop could be mistaken for a tattoo shop if you just took a quick look inside, the guys are all covered head to toe in tat's.  At that point, knowing that out of all the places we could have ended up at in Vegas for our work we found Ross made us feel great and it confirmed that we made the right choice.  As soon as we got home we went to our barber shop and told them we met Ross, we even hand delivered some Downtown Tattoo stickers and such for them.  Needless to say we couldn't be more happy with Downtown Tattoo and Ross.  We WILL be back and Ross will be doing my blue birds that I've wanted for years but have been to scared to get because of where they will be.  See you in a year Ross and thanks again!
5	This is a great shop.  I have had 4 pieces done here from a small pinup on my leg to a half sleeve that rolls through my chest.  All my work has been done by Buddy and he is a champ at his work.  Very personable people with above and beyond skill levels.  I get asked constantly who did my work.  You will not regret giving them a shot.  True Professionals.
5	I go to buddy, the shop owner. The work isn't the only reason why I come here, Buddy himself is a beautiful angel of a man with the most gentle and soft features and his angelic demeanor puts me at ease when he's got his hands on my bare skin. But seriously, not only is he super professional and his work is amazing, solid, and bright but the work holds up year after year. People ask me if I just got my tattoos even though I've had them for 4 years now. I have my sleeves done by him and most of my chest. Don't be fooled by the downtown location though, this is one of the cleanest shop in Las Vegas. Most of the work that comes out of this shop is American Traditional but I'm sure they can take care of you. All the work is custom, not some crap from a binder or poster on a wall that you pick out and get ripped off for. Don't expect "your cousin's cheap tattoo from his living room" cost or quality here, if you're looking for a cheap deal, you probably shouldn't be getting tattooed anyway. The cost here is fair but I'd consider it cheap considering how solid and clean the work is.
5	This place is awesome.  It was my first tattoo and I am very happy with it.  They were great and super easy to work with.  Ross did a great job!  Next time I am in Vegas, I may have to get another :)
5	My girlfriend recommended Downtown Tattoo to me. She had gotten a tattoo there a week before I had. She got a tattoo from Ross. She really liked his work. When I walked in I didn't know who I was getting, but I ended up getting Ross as well. I went in there thinking I was going to get an elvish lettering tattoo (Elvish is from Lord of the Rings) When I showed Ross what I had, he copied it, drew it up and showed me. Then was honest with me and told me that what I had wasn't elvish. I was a little shocked that he told me. And that was nice enough to research it.  I know some tattoo artists that will put on you what you give them, and let you walk around looking like a dip shit. We ended up doing something different, but I love it. And it was relatively painless. He did great. I would recommend him to anyone. And I would also like to add that my brother in law went in with me to get a memory tattoo for his dog. I don't know the guys name, but he was sitting at the back station. The paw print this guy did on my brother in laws tattoo was freaking amazing. These guys are down to earth, and they have a great shop dynamic.
5	This place is rad, located in the heart of downtown Las Vegas! Come for the great work stay for the stories of the neighborhood crackheads/weirdos
5	Buddy holiday is the best tattoo artist in Las Vegas period.   He does amazing traditional style tattoos at incredible prices.  The tattoo shop is close to freemont street and was easy to find parking.
5	I was going to Vegas for vacation and I found Downtown Tattoo on Yelp because when I searched best tattoo shop Vegas they came up. This is so true! Buddy is great and I love my tattoo! Most shops in Vegas charge ridiculous prices cause it's Vegas but Buddy is reasonable and worth the travel to downtown. Definitely check this place out :)
1	I hate to give a one star but my experience just keeps getting worse.   I went to Vegas as an anniversary trip with my gf. We had been wanting to get tattoos together, and after briefly looking at the reviews here we went to the shop.   We were very detailed in what we wanted, which was the yin yang symbol, half on one person, and the other half on the other. Everything seemed fine as the artist did my gfs tat. When he was done, he covered hers and put the stencil on me and asked if it was centered. I looked in the mirror and yes, it was centered on my ankle. I didn't think anything else of it as he finished the tat. Later when we unwrapped to clean, we realized that they do not fit together, they overlap on the same side. When we called to ask for our options (money back), we were told that it was our fault for not making sure they match. After all, it was my job to see through the black bandage on her leg and see if they match. All he asked me to do was check in the mirror to see if it's centered.  I was told that they do not offer refunds and all they can do is fill in the rest and completely change the meaning. Fantastic. Now, It's been a little over a week, I clean it multiple times a day and it looks like I have a burn on my ankle with spots of purple ink in it. I suppose the ink isn't holding.I should have read all the reviews on here, as the ink not holding was mentioned somewhere else as well. All I can say is that if I do send someone to this place, it will be an enemy.
5	My first time to Vegas and I decided to get my first tat. I was in downtown and did a yelp and found some nice reviews on this place. I went an hour before closing time and the place was tidy and nice. Ross was the guy. I had the tribal dragon picture on my phone. Ross took a copy of it and managed to stick it on my arm. He said he never did any dragons and this was my first tat. Ross did an excellent job. He was cool and did the job well and fast. I got it on 12/29 and it is super now. I had very little itch in the healing process. My friends love it. Still caring it until it is three weeks. He was patient, he stayed out late for me, had a nice chat. I dint had cash on me and my friends were getting it and it was delayed more, but he was cool.Overall - Nice place to a tat, crew is nice and cool!
5	After a traumatic life experience, when you realize how fragile life is, and how exactly important life is, what do you? You get a mother fucking tattoo!So, my sister and I decided, we have the cash to blow, let's go get this "sisterfriend" tattoo that we've been talking about for forever. My sister wanted to head to a place that she had gone to before, but I don't like the vibe. I don't know if it's just me, but some tattoo shops, they look at you like, what the fuck are you doing here? and they're kind of fucking asshole pricks... Yeah, didn't encounter that here at all.Once arriving at our  destination, I checked in on my faithful Yelp app (as we motha freakin' Elite do, y'all) and saw that I get One Free Belly Dance from Joey. While Joey went to get ready, my sister and I met with our tattoo artist, Ryan and Justin. I'm much more the princess type and my sister is much more Rock N Roll. We had an idea for a tattoo "So different, yet so the same, two sisters" and one day, I cleverly realized we couldn't have the same exact tattoo. They will read the same, but the style will be different. These guys got it. Ryan does amazing print work. Did a beautiful cursive flowy print that could be highlighted with my sisters and I's favorite colors. Ryan came up with this really awesome Rock N Roll font. While the guys set up shop, Joey came out and bellydanced! He was awesome and everyone in the shop was grinning ear to ear. Big props for Joey! You're awesome, dude.Justin and Ryan banged out our tattoos and they turned out perfect. Better than I could have ever, expected. Told us to come back if we needed any touch ups once the pieces were healed.The shop was clean, the guys were warm and welcoming, and if I'm getting more ink, I will for sure be hitting up Downtown Tattoo! Great artist, great shop!Pro Tip: PARKING IN THE REAR. CASH ONLY.
5	I got my tattoo here last June, so I'm a bit late, but time reveals all!I went to Las Vegas on a mother-daughter trip, and my mom and I decided to get our first tattoos together (she's 51, I'm 20). We were sketched out by the sleaze on the Strip, so we decided to head out a ways and check our options. I searched Yelp for tattoo parlors in the area, and Downtown had the best reviews, so we showed up unannounced on a Tuesday afternoon. Immediately I got a good vibe. Awesome shop (loved the taxidermied animals) and the guys were friendly. We talked a bit about what we wanted in terms of design (I favor black and white, minimalist, tribal; my mom favored bright colors and curved lines). I was tattooed by Buddy Holiday (best name ever), who could tell I was nervous. He joked with me the whole time (~45 minutes) and made the experience enjoyable. My mom was tattooed by Ryan Phillips, who was also great. The guys were incredibly professional (we got tattoos that aren't usually publicly visible), helpful and fun. They explained the aftercare to us thoroughly. When we walked out of the shop, we knew we had picked the right place.
5	Just got the coolest Creature from the Black Lagoon tattoo from Ryan He took the time to it to do it right and was very fun to work with. This place definitely makes you feel at home. Thanks I will be back.
5	Got some tattoos fixed by Buddy at the tattoo convention in reno,nevada.  ant wait to book a flight to vegas to get more work done.  He was very nice and charming cant wait to go to the shop.
4	Came to downtown tattoo about a month ago with a friend from out of town, she wanted to get a tattoo so I decided to get one with her. We came in on a Friday night around 8:45-9:00, we were kindly greeted by the receptionist boy, he warmly welcomed us in and told us to feel free to look around.My friend was getting a simple cursive name on her back, and me a small rose about 4 inches on my wrist. I had mine done by Ryan, not sure who did my friend. Both were nice but you could tell they didn't feel like working anymore that night. I realize we came in one hour to closing, however we were getting very small tats and our requests were not that complicated. They remained professional but made us feel uncomfortable, halfway through they turned off the music and then it was just awkward silence the rest of the time. They definitely seemed annoyed with us and I overheard the other guy muttering snarky remarks to Ryan under his breath. The shop was CLEAN, smelled nice and the artists were very sanitary in their work stations. Really cool vibe, lots of sample art on the walls, etc. Our tattoos came out pretty good for the most part except something about mine doesn't seem right-- looks a little unfinished. And the print on my friends ended up looking a little grayish instead of black. But both of our tattoos look nice and healed healthily, the artists did their job. I just wish they would have been a little friendlier, considering we are paying customers and tipped them both generously (over 30%).***Side note: I could be wrong as to who did my tattoo-- they didn't introduce themselves. Also their Yelp page says they accept credit cards, but once it was time to pay they had us walk to some sketchy gas station to get cash out from the ATM (reception boy escorted us though which was nice).
5	Today turned into a great day. I just got back from Afghanistan and am going through some other personal shit so on a whim was like I NEED a tattoo... And after going here I know I'll have no regrets. Joey answered the phone and I was pleasantly surprised at how effin delightful this guy was. I mean just a sweetheart! Then I saw this man dance. Oh boy he didn't half ass the dance. Incredibly seductive.... I digress. Buddy did an amazing job. Not only is he extremely talented, he's waaaay easy to talk to and he's incredibly efficient. In no way did he rush my tat, he listened to me, gave me some awesome feedback, sketched it up, tatted me up perfectly and I'm so in love with my tat and these guys. Keep up the great work fellas! See you soon.
5	I was directed to Downtown Tattoo by my boyfriend after he saw my horrible tattoo done by another shop in town. To quote my boyfriend, "it looks like a kindergartener did that." The meaning behind the tattoo runs deeper than the ink and I was ready to get it done right!I was a horrible customer, in the normal terms of complaining and fidgeting on the table. Buddy Holiday and ALL of his staff were more than welcoming and treated me with respect and understanding. The shop is very clean, with an open setup that was new to me with a bright and welcoming atmosphere.  I would go here again in a heart beat and would recommend this shop to any local or visitor.THANKS AGAIN BUDDY!
5	Nothing but yes yes yes. Immaculate shop, super talented artists and a welcoming atmosphere here. I've been to a lot of shops in Las Vegas over the years and most of the time their is a "too cool for school" air and they act like they're doing you a favor by working on you. Not here. Buddy and his crew are knowledgable, laid back and good for some laughs. I really was impressed by my entire experience with them and plan to go back soon! My husband just got started with Buddy today and is going back later this week. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
5	Buddy is one of the nicest people thst happens to do beautiful work also. His work is so good that I was in a store one day and received a compliment on it from someone that recognized his art. His prices are reasonable and in my opinion he should be charging more. Best tattoo shop in Vegas! And he doesn't bankroll me to say that. Don't go anywhere else. But schedule first because he is really busy at times. All work that comes out of his shop is beautiful.
5	Had some time to kill in vegas and called up the shop to see if they could fit in a walk in and they were great on the phone. Caught a cab and found a very clean cool shop nicer than any on the tv tat shows. Got a killer black and gray cross at a very good price the artist spent time to make sure to design was right and well placed. Highly recommended! Only bad thing was I had to walk a few block to catch a cab cause they take forever to get down there.
5	Ryan was awesome, great personality and really quick! He did an awesome job I'm just sad we don't live here so we can come back!! Thanks again
5	Worked with Ross for about two weeks emailing from the east coast to get everything set up for my arrival in Las Vegas. He was easy to work with and when I got to the shop everything was ready to go and we got started right away. Two others from the conference I was attending decided to get work done and a quick phone call to Ross an hour before my appointment got both of them in with other artists. The work was amazing.
5	These guys are awesome! I recommend Buddy! Thanks for the new ink. See you next time im in Vegas!
5	We came to downtown tat after reading reviews here on yelp & couldn't be MORE happy! Joey opened the shop up early for us,(it was super hot out)... Buddy was our artist-- he did a GREAT job, super professional! Thanks for making our 7yr anniversary more memorable!!
5	Might come to Vegas for all my tats from now on. Absolutely loved this place. Got a clipper ship in old school style on my rib cage and while it felt like lightning and wild fire in that location I was entertained with hilarious banter between the guys during my session and great music (they had on some folksy porch music like Avett brothers, drive by truckers, Todd snider kinda stuff). It's clear these guys are a special group and they care about their work. I'd recommend it to anyone and hope to come back soon for another one. They took me as a walk in, worked w me on my design, and the tat only took a couple of hours.
5	My husband and I were in Vegas for the weekend and came to the shop to have a tattoo done by Britney for our 5 year anniversary. The shop was easy to find and there was lots of parking around the back. From the second we walked in there was a welcoming vibe and the atmosphere was so chill. The shop itself is super funky...full of amazing art and tons of interesting things to look at and it's evident that the artists take pride in what they do. There were people coming in and out all afternoon getting tattoos and the artists were just so laid back and friendly - they clearly have a great time working at the shop. Everything was beyond clean and very organized too.Britney is an incredibly talented artist and so down to earth. She took an idea that we had and put her own spin on it and it turned out beautifully. She's a genuinely nice person and makes the tattooing experience very personal and comfortable. We love her work and the shop and we'll definitely make the trip from LA to get more pieces done in the future.
5	I been to a few tattoo shops and DT is a really good one. Theres a lot of flash on the walls and stuff to look at when youre getting zapped. The shop is in a crappy area (near the new bunkhouse) so be cautious if you go later in the evening. Free parking is a plus since around fremont you have to pay pretty much everywhere. My tattoo artist is Eric Ayala. Ive been going to Eric for quite a while. He is the best. He is professional and cares. He doesnt do sh*t work and will make suggestions to improve ones idea of what they want. He does mostly traditional work which is what I love. You wont be ripped off there as you would at Diversity. (Dont ever go to diversity, that is dumb.) Id highly recommend going to see Eric or Buddy (owner) or any of the guys (and girl) at DOWNTOWN TATTOO. You wont be sorry!
5	Britney is the bees knees. I've been going to her consistently for a little over a year And she has done a number of things on my arm.   Just do your self a favor and stop in and check her out!! I live in California but make the trek out to see her!
5	I went in to Downtown Tattoo August 13, 2014 which was my 36th birthday. I had called ahead and spoke with Ryan about what I wanted, by the time I got there he already had it drawn, it was the Prince symbol because I love him greatly and wanted nothing else on me. It is my 1st tattoo so of course I was nervous about the pain factor. Yeah it hurt, but I didn't die or get any infection so I am a very pleased customer. Ryan did a great job at centering the tat where I wanted and drawing it perfectly. I'm nothing but satisfied with my new art work, I love it!
5	Got my recent traditional pieces done by Eric A. He's a very friendly and cool guy who is definitely passionate about his trade. He is open to different ideas and concepts, and executes them very well in the shop. Eric is a great mix of professionalism without compromising on comfort or personality. His work has consistently received lots of praise and compliments from others, and I never forget to tell them who to go to. I'm looking forward to returning for some more pieces very soon!
5	I just went and I've got nothing but good stuff to say. Great and friendly vibe, great tattoo by Ross, good music and clean and good setup. A fantastic place which I will return to when I'm in vegas next time!
5	My husband and I decided to get matching tattoos for an early anniversary present. My Mother in law wanted to get a tattoo as well. After doing some research, I called Downtown Tattoo and talked to Eric Ayala. He was very friendly and patient while I told him what we had in mind. My husband had already done the artwork and Eric was nice enough to give us a ball park quote after I emailed him the designs.Getting our tattoos done by Eric was the highlight of our trip to Vegas! He was very professional without being stuffy or grumpy. He was very patient with me especially since I have a hard time keeping quiet and sitting still. When he was done with mine i cried with joy at how beautiful it turned out! My husband was totally stoked at how his turned out as well. He modified the breast cancer butterfly that my Mom wanted done and it turned out really lovely.We now have a family tradition that when we go to Vegas, we stop by Downtown Tattoo and have Eric make our skin beautiful.
5	Got my first Tattoo done here on my first trip to Vegas, this was easily one of the best experiences I have ever had! I called ahead after reading the abundant reviews posted here, not sure who I spoke to but they were very friendly and open about saying that they had 5 people working that night and a walk in would be no problem. We walked there from The Freemont Experience, and I'll say that it was a bit of a hike lol (11 blocks) when I got there I walked in and a nice lady working on another customer greeted me and took the time to let someone else know I was there. They were fairly quick with the consultation and got to work right away prepping for the work ahead. The artist working on me was super friendly and put me at ease (I was nervous) he gave me some great advise on the color green for my tattoo and I'm very happy with the outcome. I was quoted between $60-80 for a price over the phone and ended up paying $80 but the work is great and I feel it was well worth the price I paid.Great job Downtown Tattoo, you have a customer for life now. I'm planning on more work to be done and will be making your shop a traditional part of coming to Sin City. Thank you!
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this shop and the people in it! Good vibes, quality work and everyone seems to be really great at what they do. I've been going to Eric Ayala for the past few years now and Every time I walk out of those shop doors I've been more than pleased with his work. He listens to my vision, super creative, and patient with me. I never feel rushed or that I'm being too difficult, which I can be! Ha But I honestly love his work soo much, I now have a full arm covered in it.  Go check him out @downtown_eric
5	Had my first tattoo done here and I couldn't be happier with the results.  I originally had an appointment with another tattoo shop but they canceled for a good reason.  I had my mind set on getting a tattoo this night so I decided to try out Downtown Tattoo.  I spoke with Eric and he quoted me a great price for what I wanted.  Customer service was top notch and no appointment was necessary.  Bring cash as they don't accept cards.
5	Second trip to Downtown Tattoo - Buddy hooked us up and fixed our tats. Super guy who stands by his shop and the people he has working there. Happy to say the next time we're back in Vegas, this is the only place we will get our tattoos!
