4	They hosted #wvfn, West Valley Friday Nights. We are a group of Twitter folks who try out resturants every friday night, and just love to socialize offline with one another.We have a about 20 people there. They had great boneless wings, treated us right!I discovered their 1/2 off domestic & well drinks as well as their 1/2 off appitizers last until 9pm even on Friday. Best and longest happy hour prices in the west valley. A must stop and check out.
2	This is your typical wanna be Phoenix version of the Irish Bar.  The food was ok.  Typical sports bar fare.  I will say the service was pretty good except for the ditzy hostesses.  Do they really need three 16 year olds manning the front of the restaunt texting and pretending to be listening?  The happy hour on Friday is great, lasting till 9:00 pm which is unheard of.  But dont stick around much longer after that unless you are  into the club scene. Because out come the lazer beams and smoke machines.... Hahaha no not really but they bust out the dance floor and make you move your seat so Glendales finest underage drinkers can shake their groove things.  It is funny how this bar resembles the cheesy old town bars that westsiders always seem to bag on.
1	Probably the absolute worst customer service I have ever received and that was before we got in!! Not only did they make my friend take his hat off but he couldn't just hold onto it. They wanted him to go put it in the truck!! I'm telling everyone I know not to waste their time here. So hypocritical because there was a guy on the patio with a hat on and when we asked they said "it's ok he's an older gemtleman" you kidding me?? I thought  we were going to an Irish pub, but this place is trying to make itself a night club. Then after waiting in line for a while to get into what seemed to be a packed place, we get in and the place is empty. Come on McFadden's get serious.
4	Disclaimer: I do not party. I do not club. I no longer frequent establishments with the intent to get drunk and kiss men many years my senior. Those days are long gone, and this review reflects a chaste,  Labor Day lunch experience. No one peed their pants, or vomited $2 well drinks into the fountains outside. Be forewarned. My boyfriend decided that he wanted to take me to Cabela's...not because I am a camper or outdoorsy girl, but because I have a love for all things elaborately themed. After traipsing through a delightful faux wilderness of guns and taxidermied animals, we were famished and ready to go just about anywhere to eat just about anything. We ventured across the street to Westgate, and McFadden's is where we happened to end up.We walked in, and the place was just about empty. A courteous -  if a bit disconnected - hostess seated us at a table for two with big, comfy leather armchairs. Soon after, we ordered some nondescript beverages and surveyed the scene. Pretty classy interior for something set up like a sports bar/grill combo. No complaints about the atmosphere...lots of TVs, if that's your thing. "If that's your thing"...I use that phrase a lot in reviews. It's annoying. Sorry!My boyfriend ordered the Pit Burger, and I ordered the Turkey Club. I can't speak for the millieu in the evenings, but we found the restaurant during the day to be very conducive to conversation, and enjoyed ourselves while we waited for our food. My Turkey Club was incredibly delicious...like, I want to eat another one. Right now. The fries were great...they are seasoned, but the menu doesn't tell you that. My boyfriend loved his burger, and the mashed potatoes he got to go with it...but I found them to be a little flavorless, and too buttery. It's not a cool, hipster-points-hole-in-the-wall place, and nothing about it was special or gimmicky, but the food really was excellent for being something simple and unpretentious. Just regular lunch fare, at good prices and in a pleasing environment. The staff, as I mentioned before, was friendly enough, if a bit restrained. I wouldn't tell you to go out of your way to try it, and it really should be 3 stars, but that Turkey Club is still on my mind. Mmm.
2	Maybe a Sunday night of a Cardinals home game is not the best night to experience McFadden's but if they can't handle the football crowd then maybe they shouldn't have opened their doors at Westgate. The female bartenders were RUDE. They passed my friend up several times before letting him order his drink. And, they got snarky with people sitting next to us. They seem to be cut from similar cloth and it ain't pretty. The 30-45 minute wait for a table turned out to be more than an hour. No surprise, but they didn't bother to tell us we could have gotten a table on the patio off of the bar right away. Ordered the turkey club sandwich which was supposed to be served with bacon and cranberry mayo on Texas toast. Guess I looked like I need to trim the fat from my diet because my sandwich was baconless. And, they ran out of sliders, buffalo wings and boneless wings BEFORE 7 p.m. What kind of bar runs out of bar food before the peak dinner crowd has even arrived???? The fries were pretty good and our table service was very friendly at least. There are lots of TVs all tuned to the game and the Cardinals and Vikings fans all seemed to be getting along well. No pushing, shoving or name calling. So, the first impression was not great but I'm willing to give it another chance ... maybe.
1	So I went here for lunch the other day expecting good fish and chips...well I was wrong!They were fish sticks! Who the hell serves those anymore?I sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and nice. The highpoint of my lunch for sure.So MAYBE I had a Guinness for lunch. What I didnt expect was $7 for the pint! Am I seriously back home in NY right now?? FIsh and chips and MAYBE a beer + tip = $32 for lunch!!Total rip off--never again.
2	McFadden's found away to make a novelty out of an Irish pub.  Although they didn't do a very good job as Irish pubs are usually awesome.  The service is OK.  Our waitress was really nice.  We had 3 by the time the night was over.  The food is not terrible and is eatable but if you are looking for something worth the money you will be disappointed.  The portions are fine but a ten dollar burger is just a ten dollar burger.  Flavor was over salty and too much pepper.  The BBQ sauce sugary and the cheese lacked flavor even though it goop-ed off!  The French Fry portion was nothing to write home about either.  A plastic cup of beer (Stella) will set you back 5 bucks for maybe 12 oz.  They do have days with drink specials but I went to one of these and they water down the drinks.  I also went to a party where the drinks were only 1 buck and again it was a weak drink.  Bottom line is this place over priced, over hyped, and over used as a meeting spot.
1	Leaves a lot to be desired. We went on a night when they had "parties" because my boyfriends brother won a "party"  The good thing was the 2 dollar drinks.  The bad thing was pretty much everything else.  It turned very skanky at 11:00..  Not my thing..  And the music was too loud.   That's not a pub in my opinion.. Since when do pubs need security and people dance on the bar half naked?  Don't get me wrong, there is a place for that, but I just wish there was somewhere decent at westgate to hang out.. Any suggestions?
2	We should've known to take our business elsewhere by the previous Yelp reviews and the fact that McFadden's was not so crowded.  But I think my group of five was giddy over getting last minute amazing seats to the Bon Jovi concert, that we just wanted to get a quick bite and a beer and head into the show.The service was ok until the food arrived and it took a good five minutes to get napkins, forks, and water... The food was decent but nothing special at all.  I had the salmon entree (served with mashed potatoes and spinach) and the others went with chicken wings and chicken fingers (both served with french fries).Needless to say, our time at McFadden's was the lowlight of the evening.  (And yes, I just made up the word lowlight!) The concert was incredible!  I will not be returning to McFadden's since there are plenty of other options to grab a bite before heading in to Jobing.com Arena.
1	I came here a few weeks ago for a birthday, and that calamity was bad enough.  I held off on the bad review until I gave them another shot.  Well I did and they failed even harder.1st trip -- we had reserved a table for a birthday, and as reservations were made it was made clear to us that if we weren't there by 9:00 they would give our table away.  So we arrive at 8:45 and they make it out to be a big inconvenience to them that we arrived......15 minutes early.  Nothing was setup, and they scrambled to get a "party" table put together (which I don't think ever reached the size we had reserved).  All decorations became "we could put ________ on the table but........we'd need for you all to get up".  So after all this I thought it could be a fluke, so we gave them another shot last night......2nd trip -- Had a friend come in from England and he wanted to go to the bars at Westgate.  God forbid he wore shorts on his trip to.........Arizona, so we weren't allowed in.It's Thursday night. And no matter how hard you try, you are not a Scottsdale bar.Choke on your impending failure.
2	Wow.  I went to McFadden's 4 nights ago and I was still amped to blast them on here.  But after reading all the other negative reviews I see I was just another victim of their standard operating procedure.  I went there twice in the last few weeks(Coyote's games) and I'm done.  On the first visit I ordered a Black and Tan.  After receiving what looked like a Guiness with powdered sugar in it and waiting 10 mins for the bar tender to acknowledge, I was informed that they don't have Bass and use something else in their Black and Tans.  Naturally, I asked why this wasn't brought to my attention at the time the drink was ordered.  To which the bartender offered no apology, but replied: "It's on the menu"  Really!?!  First of all a Black and Tan should have separation whatever you use, and second, who uses a menu to order a beer at a bar!?  On the second visit my buddy was told he had won a  free happy hour for ten people, but it was actually a reduced price in drinks.  I don't know what caused the miscommunication but after the way they treated me the first time, they're not getting the benefit of the doubt.  I had about 15 people come from the East side and ended up picking up several rounds to make it worth their trip.  That was just the main peanut in a pile of poor treatment.   The customer service at this place is miserable.  I have no idea how they are staying in business.  That being said, I can concur that the Turkey Club was quite delicious.  That's why I'm giving the place 2 stars.  I suggest getting it to go....
1	This place is a joke. The food is a joke. The service is a joke. The biggest joke is the security who, in their mind, think they are above all authority. I hear horrible things about this place all the time and I should have never went. I don't understand why there is always a line Friday and Saturday nights. It sucks!
4	First of all, let me apologize to the authors of half these reviews for actually thinking McFadden's primary function was a restaurant. That's just what they do to get by during the day, and you're damned right they are far from the best at it. Where this place shines is as a bar.As a bar, this place is pretty two faced. It has an amazing happy hour. I've waltzed in with a few friends and received great service, from bartenders who gave great recommendations and were generally very amiable. It felt like one of those warm, 'hole-in-the-wall' bars where you could just chill and have a great time.McFadden's does have a wild side. Late at night it is a full blown club. Lots of security is there to check the line at the door. Scantily-clad women (hoes) are paid to dance with their ass cheeks out on the bar, or pump you a draft from a keg. Not my scene, but if it's yours then you'll love it. It has a way of being a little bit skanky, but not sleazy or full of creeps.As for the security, they (especially the head of it) are really cool guys. Don't throw a hissy fit when they ask you to take of your hat/sunglasses, and you'll be just fine. Overall this is a good place I enjoy chilling in when I have money to burn.
2	The experience started out great.  I saw they had philly cheesesteak nachos and I had to try them.  Order the large portion if you have more than two people.  There was plenty of cheese.  They even used Cheese Whiz like a true Philly sandwhich.  There was plenty of cheese, but very little meat.  After eating off the top few chips the meat was gone.  They really need to double the meat.For dinner I attempted to order the BLT, but they were out of bacon.  I settled for the chicken strips.  It was your standard issue chicken strip meal.  Not bad, but I could do the same on my own from the frozen food section at any grocery store.Our server was nice, and attentive.  That was easy though because the place was nearly empty.
2	I can go on for hours to describe the distaste I have for this place, however I will spare you the reading and simply state... This place overall, is no good!  I frequent this place, and gotta say, don't get treated as if I am a regular.  Not that I am looking for special treatment, but this bar has not once shown an ounce of thanks or gratitude for the amount of people I have continued to bring into their establishment.  I did give them two stars, because their happy hour special is what keeps them afloat.  A bar that gives the impression of an irish pub, should be an irish pub.  Not a late night dance club, who allows all girls to dance on the bar, and plays favoritism when it comes to kicking people out.  If you win happy hour, chances are, you may catch a buzz... if this is noticed by the bouncers, you're out.  And yet, they will allow all girls, even sloppy drunk, to get on top of their bar and show off for the egotistical drunken pigs slowly wallowing around this pathetic excuse for a bar.  McFaddens, I have heard many bad things about  you, and yet I continue to frequent your establishment.  As I said above, bravo for your happy hours, because I fret that without those, you would have no business.
4	I've only been here when its a "club" so no review on the food. On a friday and sat night this place is packed...plus only place i know where i can dance on the bar.
1	When you go to a Irish resturant you would think they might have Irish food, but not Mcfadden's. I'm not sure what's so Irish about a philly cheesesteak or a FRENCH dip.
1	Our group ate here during the day on a Sunday and expected to get reasonable service, reasonable food in reasonable amount of time. What we received was horrible service, nasty food and a hellish wait for it. Yes I know McFadden's primary service is that of a sports bar, but I can name 20 sports bars around the valley providing much better service and food. People are still paying for service and food and should be treated as such. The Sunday we went we had went around 1pm. We were waiting to be seated by the hostess who had her purse slung around her shoulder as she was ready to leave. She said "Well, I guess I can seat you". Sorry, all we wanted to do was pay for lunch and drinks. Sorry for the inconvenience. We were sat in a section with about 2 other tables (the bar and restaurant was 'dead') and thought to ourselves, this should be quick. WRONG. We ordered drinks and it took about 15 minutes to receive them. Then we put our order in. We had ordered items off of the happy hour (chicken strips and soup) and a sandwich. It took 45 MINUTES to receive these items. The Irish Potato Soup was separating and it looked like it had been maturing under a heat lamp for about 30 minutes. The French Dip sandwich was dry as a bone. Despite complaining about both of these items they were not taken off of our bill. As we walked out I warned a couple going in to make sure they have hours of time to waste if they want food. The guy asked if I was serious due to the small amount of people inside. I reaffirmed him and he and his girl were on their way elsewhere. The least I could do was prevent someone else from experiencing McFadden's service and food. Do yourself a favor and go to one of the other restaurants in Westgate City Center, McFadden's doesn't deserve your patronage.
1	This is an over priced sudo pub that used to be a sports bar and should be closed. The service always sucks - day or night . I've been dragged there several occasions   by friends who "wanted to check it out" each time was worse than the time before. I guess having staff that is almost nude is better than having staff that actually will bring you your order.  Some one told me it was supposed to be an Irish Pub... it's not even close.
2	A group of friends, my husband and I went to McFadden's for Talk Like A Pirate party earlier this month.   Our friend reserved a table for us.  When our friends arrived they were told there was a $50 reservation fee.  I'm guessing this is how they make money now because the place was dead, including the bar during their happy hour.  We were there to participate in the event going on as well as eat.  So we decided to eat.  We told the waitress we needed separate tickets and she never mentioned they wouldn't do it until we got the bill. Let's talk food.  The food is mediocre at best, even for bar food and extremely overpriced.  I had a salad that I paid $10.99 for that I could have gotten at Wendy's for $4 and the Wendy's salad  would have more flavor.  My husband said his food was okay but he too has also had better burgers.  Now I realize that McFadden's gets most of his revenue from the football, hockey and other events going on around it but if they don't do something with what they serve and the prices they won't last long, even with a football stadium 500 feet away.  I really wanted to like this place but I just couldn't.
1	A friend and I went to McFadden's before a recent Coyote game. The place was dead and I now know why. We were seated out on the patio and waited over 10 minutes before our order was taken. We ordered a beer, a glass of wine and an order of nachos. The nachos arrived after about 20 minutes. Our drinks were another 5 minutes after that. The nachos were horrible.  We would have ordered another round of drinks, but did not want to wait another half hour.Poor service + poor quality food =  A bad experience..
1	I wish I could give this 0 stars. I met up a girl here to have a Guinness. I had one, she had one. I order her a shot. The bartender said she couldn't serve us anymore because she put her head on my shoulder. Yeah, cuz it was 1 in the morning on a monday and she was tired. She called security and he escalated the situation and then the police were called. Over a shot. I hope this place catches on fire. I am embarrassed that Guinness is served here. Not only that, the bartenders don't even properly pour it.
3	good drink specials. the riff raff seems to come out about 10:30-11 o'clock.
2	Visited this place the weekend before the BCS.  The beer selection was pathetic, just the big name breweries, come on people!!  Also the server thought IPA was a brand name of a beer.We got our appetizers on the happy hour menu so the price was right, the chicken fingers were good, and the nachos were average.We tried to watch the Cotton Bowl, but you couldn't hear the game for the music.  Make up your mind, are you a dance club or a sports bar. The fact that you are next to two stadiums should give you a clue.The service was also very slow.  When people showed up in the reserved area, our server went MIA.
3	First and foremost, McFadden's is not an Irish pub.  Also, just judging by the location and the decor of the place, I would expect the food and service to be about the same as any TGIFs or Applebees or some other generic restaurant/bar establishment.As a bar/nightclub, however, McFadden's is alright.  The DJ played a typical set of music for a mostly young/white crowd, but he could actually beat-match songs suggesting he has more experience than an iPod on shuffle.  The beer selection is nothing special, and the drink prices are nothing special.  The servers are nice, and cute, especially when they are dancing on the bar.There's nothing extraordinary about McFadden's, but the ladies seem to like this place, which means I would like to come back again.
2	It's a half Irish bar on the westside of phx. Not bad.... But happy hour was a plus!
1	I went with friends to Westgate Center after a mediocre dinner at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville, we were wanting to check out the different bars in the center, and came upon McFadden's, it had a line, and it seemed to be happening, so we waited 5 minutes and got in, i was surprised i had to pay a $5 cover but i was okay with that and expected it to be crowded inside but was dismayed that it was only half full, it smelled like dried puke, and it was a total skeeze! ick! most of the crowd looked bad, and the bar girls in their skimpy outfits did not deserve to wear the outfit. Skimpy isn't bad as long as you fit the image, and these girls did not. Skimpy uniforms work in tempe and old town because you have women that look good for the most part. here the bargirls were tatted up and just didn't look right. Oh and what's with throwing napkins up in the air to act as confetti? it's stupid, and messy, and so the overall appearance of this bar is that it's dirty, with napkins on the floor, spilled beer, some weird funky pukey smell, and the oddest looking crowd. part of me wished i got my $5 back because that was a $3 experience or less. oh and the music was just bad. this is where djs with very little experience must play and practice their skills. so, to sum it up, it's a hole, and if this is one of the hottest spots Westgate has to offer then someone must have punk'd me coz this is a true joke.
1	The cute waitresses are usually the only draw to this bar. The food is sub par bar fare. The drinks are always weak. If you are destined to dine at Westgate I recommend the sushi joint or Yard House.
1	Whats up with this Staind wanna be band on Paddys Day? They arent good for the crowd
1	Not a fan of this place. Drinks are over priced, crappy music, and slow bartenders make it nearly unbearable. However, the $2 happy hours they pass out like candy make it a good pregame spot. Since it's one of the few dance places it attracts all the scantily clad clubrats. A lot of my friends like it but it's not my thing. It gives pub a bad name.
1	Wow...it looks like this place does not have many stars from other people...I didn't even look at reviews before writing mine. Tomorrow I'm going to try and track down the corporate office. Even one star is too much!Patron's beware! McFadden's in Glendale, Arizona has hands-down one of the worst customer service policies ever! It is like this bar runs on a crew with their heads up each other's asses! Basically, this place SUCKS!!! My experience was so terrible the only way to keep it together, without writing a book, was bullet points:* Attempted to organize an event for 20-15 employees. Had an office member contact the restaurant the week before to set it up. Relations person was more concerned with taking the credit card info to charge us if we did not show, or had less people, than sending the agreement. We never got anything in writing with these policies on it! Surprise, surprise...the only thing in the file was the credit card without a booked reservation.* Tried to call the location the day of the event to confirm. Was told by the hostess that I was not allowed to speak to a manager about this issue and she would not find someone for me to check the reservation. Called back with a different name and held for 14 minutes to speak to a manager that just said "Sarah" was off and would be coming in...Um, how is her staffing my issue? I had to badger her to even look into the issue.* Finally worked out the details and had tables reserved, the day of the event while my party was on the freeway going to the location. The first guests arrived after making our complaints to the manager and one of the bartenders made the remark "Those are some big shoes to fill" to our assigned server in front of guests. What, because we had to call to make sure we had a place to go?* The place smelled like vomit!! (Also noted in another customer's review)* Terrible, terrible, terrible service! Our server would only take one drink order at a time and often left the table without asking the customers with empty classes if they wanted another beverage. Hello...dumb ass...empty glasses means more opportunity to make more money?! Maybe the mandatory 18% tip for the party size blew our chances at having any sort of service. * Drinks and food were sent to our table that we did not order. Food runners gave us attitude and stormed off when we told them the food did not belong to us.* Bill arrived with over $100 in extra charges for drinks we did not order were on it. We asked the server about it and her response was "Well, I am NOT taking them off" and walked off. * Had to ask for another manager to come over because of the inflated bill. Took 20 minutes for him to get to us and the restaurant was not even busy. Manager was extremely patronizing and was not going to help us at first. After having to re-hash the details he took some of the drinks off, but not all of them. He claimed that the service "might" not have been that great because it was St. Patrick's Day that week. Didn't they have like 364 days to get ready for this? * Waited another 30 minutes to get our change back. After coming back to the table the server put the bill and change in my face, glared at me and walked away. No "thank you" or anything for the 18% tip she was guaranteed because the size of the party. In all honesty, I would have totally stiffed her if it were a smaller party.I was embarrassed that my group had to experience this. The only reason we decided to go there was one of my guests had won a happy-hour event there. My gut feeling when I could not confirm the reservation was to just go somewhere else, but was afraid that the only thing they would do correctly was charge the credit card for a no show. Knowing this I would have taken the group to Applebee's where we would have expected this. Our state relies on tourism and looking at the issue from a higher level the industry decline in does not rest only on the economy, but at these eateries internally. I am starting to point blame at the terrible customer in the service industry, weak and inexperienced restaurant/bar management, and shoddy company policies for their decline. If the industry truly cared about customers it would not be in this predicament.Did anyone notice that their staff member was the only one to give this place like 5 stars? Maybe she should be a customer in it instead of part of the "family".
2	Love the happy hour prices!! The promo girl defiantly keep the place going..
1	Could be the worst bar I have ever been to.  The music is terrible, the service is awful and unfriendly.  I get the feeling that the staff here hates their job.  I wish I could nominate McFadden's for the worst of Yelp!I don't think this place would even still be in business if it weren't in such a busy area.
2	This place pretty much sucks. Been forced to come here twice due to the lines at the other restaurants and bars at Westgate having over an hour wait. We didn't have to wait here and I can see why! People know better than to come. Calling this place an "Irish Pub" is like calling my Chrysler a Porche. There isn't one Irish thing about it, except they serve Guinness. Big whoop! Almost all bars do. The service is terrible and everyone seems to have a major 'tude. Gee sorry for interrupting your social time of you chatting away with your buddies on the staff. The food is average in taste I guess. There were ZERO veg options so I had 3 sides, which was interesting. Everyone else's food seemed okay, except for my husband who ordered honey medium wings and they were making ME sweat just sitting next to him. He suffered through them, but was for sure not what were ordered. When we mentioned it to our server she basically gave us a blank look and did nothing. We had quite a few drinks here before a concert thinking it would save a little money from buying 11 dollar beers in the arena. How wrong were we!? Plus, they ran out of pint glasses and had to use plastic. The place was maybe half full? We split our check in half for the 2 couples and my mouth hit the floor! 75 bucks was HALF!?! For 3 sides, an entree, 3 wines and 3 beers. Just...wow. Lastly we were in this awkward table that lined square up to the server station, and made me feel really claustrophobic sitting inches from this giant awkward wall. I read in some reviews this place turns into a club later at night! This made me LOL literally. I can't even imagine. Save your money and pride and stay the hell away from here. Seriously. I have to say, the management must not care. 99 percent of these reviews are horrible and nothing has been done. Oh well, guess they will learn when they shut down, because I can't imagine that's far away!
1	hahahahah this place wont be open much  longer !!!!!!!!!!!!underage co-works alchohol
3	My wife bought a half off deal coupon before I got a chance to review this place on Yelp. (Something I always do.) But I thought I'd look anyways before we went and it looked pretty dismal. I didn't even want to go. I had assumed from walking by in the past it was a reputable establishment but the poor reviews were so numerous.Boy, was I surprised! Now granted it was a Sunday late afternoon and it was dead. so we were seated promptly. Classic rock played medium-softly in the background. Lots of TVs with sports shows surrounded us. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. Our drinks arrived in a couple minutes. (They had happy hour pricing. Buds $2, well drinks $3, some appetizers $4.) Some drinks are limited as they don't have a blender. So you won't get a frozen margarita but one on the rocks. Our food arrived in several minutes. Everything was hot. In fact we had to wait for it to cool off!My Reuban sandwich ($10.99) was big and piled high with tender corned beef on thick marbled rye. Seasoned steak fries were hot and crispy. My wife's BBQ wings ($9.99) were big and meaty and the honey BBQ sauce made them look like jewels. All was good. I'd go back.Maybe all the bad reviews made them change their ways. I did take away one star due to high prices. They could stand to take a couple bucks off.
1	This bar is always busy on the weekends and I have no idea why. There's a cover to get in, the staff is cocky, and the drink prices are insane I got charged $12 for a loaded beer. Never again!
1	All the other reviews hit all my complaints. Poor service, horrible stench and waaay over priced drinks. The only think missing was noting that I have TWICE seen a freaking baby/toddler in McFaddens well after the appropriate hour. If the 'bouncer' is checking ID's at the door....there should not be small children in the freaking place. I wish I could go back and say sorry to all my hotel guests that i've sent there in the past. I couldn't help but laugh at loud at the many tables w/  "reserved" signs on them.  The bar was half empty LOL
1	A pitiful representation of the other McFaddens that spot the country. At CHICAGO's McFadden one can dance on the counter top, bargain shots with the bartender, and dance to Journey until you slip on the beer-slicked floor....NOT the case at Glendale's pathetic "irish pub" creation. The happy hour is the ONLY time worth going to this establishment. Any other time is a WASTE of your time. I literally wasted a whole hour at McFadden's watching a tramp-stamp competition at 10:30pm on a Saturday...The bathrooms are nasty. The music is the worst... usually just techno and trance crap that is NON-danceable!Additionally, there is no dancing allowed on the counter-tops...WTF.
1	I've given McFaddens two chances, both at incredibly slow times and both times, the service was terrible and slow.  The first time we were there, I'm pretty sure our server didn't realize she was supposed to be working and it was NOT busy in there.  I wish the food was good enough and it outweighed the bad service but it's just typical bar food.
1	we had dinner there on 7/20/11. we both had the shepards pie. what a joke! irish grandmothers are rolling in their graves. it tasted like stew out of a can together with instant mashes potatoes. we need to make them change their name because that's about the only thing irish about this pitiful place. $15 for a shepard's pie that left us hungry afterwards! we were so hungry later we had happy meals to fill us up!
1	Went there with a group of friends.  All in our mid 40s.  The Bouncers were rude, the Bartenders didn't care to serve us.  Terrible experience, definitely won't be going there EVER again.  There were a few security guards that thought they were "something".  With this economy, it's a shame that rude employees are still working.  Management needs an overhaul at this place.
2	My review is based strictly on this place as a bar, as I've never eaten here.  It's usually crowded on the weekends and for some odd reason they (staff/bar dancers) like to throw tons of napkins in the air, which is probably cool to the many intoxicated dancers on the floor.The problem is the napkins get all over the floor and mixed in with the spilled drinks, so now everyone is stepping on the napkins and they're getting stuck to everyone's shoes. Music is okay, the layout is pretty cramped... I don't ever go here by choice, only when a group of people I'm with want to.
1	The service was horrible... the food was fair, but nothing I would go back and eat. The place (structure) is really nice, but the staff is awful.  Our waitress was really nice and all smiles but her service was still lame, we were not greeted when we arrived, we were not given cutlery, napkins, etc until after the food arrived (like 10 min), we could have left without paying since no one was paying attention to us, and the place was almost empty.The food is not the best, we enjoyed the Irish Fries or something, but we had to lick our fingers, and not because they were so delish, but because the napkins and forks were making their way trough the crowds and to our table. When we left, the hostesses were so into their conversation that they didn't see us leave... oh, well! That's what we get for wanting to try something new!
2	We got there around noon on a Tuesday.  It was dead, only 1 guy at the bar.  We waited for about 3 mins before someone noticed we were waiting for a table.  I should have known better to dine without checking Yelp first.  We got seated and the hostess notified us that she is also our server.  She took our drink orders.  And she was back right away with our drinks.  She took our food order.  We both ordered a soup and an appetizer for lunch.  We waited 15 mins and our soups came out  within 5 mins our food came out too.IRISH POTATO SOUP - it came out warm, there was only a few chunks of potatoes, and tasted ok.CHICKEN FINGERS - the chicken was not crispy but hard.  The fries were  good!Service was actually good.  The food is not so good.
1	We went there after purchasing something from restaurants.com. UGH!  We went around 6 on weeknight and it was DEAD.  We stood there for quite awhile before being seated.  The keep the doors open, so there were flies everywhere.  There were TONS of open seats, and they sat us next to this completely obnoxious set of 20 something girls.  The chairs were weird.  When you sit in them you sink down so low the table comes up to your chest, I felt like I was 5 years old.  The food was NOT good.  This place needs to close up so a better place can move in.  With competition like the Yard house and Margaritaville....it won't last.  We won't go back.
1	This restaurant has the worst service.  The only reason they have business is because they are located by jobing.com.  There is nothing Irish about this place.  We got there and were given a buzzer which required us to give them our drivers license.  Then apparently the buzzers were not charged up so they skipped us until we asked them.  We finally got seated where we waited 15 minutes for a waitress.  When she finally showed up, she waited on the table next to us first and they had been seated long after us.  The waitress said that they changed the seating chart and she didn't know.  Then the food comes out and we ask for silverware and mayo.  It took 3 times and 10 minutes to get the silverware.  We finally asked for a manager.  The food was disgusting.  The fish was dripping with grease and the philly cheesesteak had horrible flavor.  The manager did give us a discount but really this place needs an overhaul!
3	Service was tremendous.  Our server was very attentive and kind.  I had the pit burger and it was awesome.  My wife had the Philly Cheesesteak.  Though it had great flavor it was too dry.  Price is o.k.  I think for typical pub style food it could be a little cheaper.  We would return for sure.
1	If this establishment were located anywhere else it would die the death it so much deserves.  We waited for over an hour to be seated only to be served the worse bar food we have ever encountered, it's hard to screw up chicken wings but mcfaddens did a fine job in doing so. Not only was the food bad but we were offered plastic dinner ware because they ran out of the metal forks and knives.There are to many other choices in the area to try,stay away from this place at all cost you'll be glad you did.
1	THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!  nuff said.
1	Mcfadden's? An IRISH Bar? In name only. Didn't eat here - met a friend for drinks and to watch some sports - He was in town staying @ the Marriott next door. Anyway, high prices for drinks and what really makes me laugh is the "Nightclub" it transforms into...Again an IRISH Bar becomes a night club? The transformation started by taking away all of the chairs around the bar and then abruptly shutting off power to 90% of there TV's - in mid game! At first I was a little pissed but, I honestly just laughed as we got our bill. It really was a joke! I will say the bartenders were very good and the gals were very hot - especially the plaid stripper skirt the one bartender changed into and gave us all a nice view every time she went into the lower coolers for beers! Thank You...Overall, I will pass. Many better options in Westgate. Unless you are a 20-something guy looking for a late night sausage fest - then it might be for you....
3	shot shot shots for birthday girl. Fun bar for girls night out. They could use better drink specials.
1	This bar is extremely lame. All the bartenders except maybe one have horrible attitudes and make your drinks extremely weak. Would not recommend this place to anyone.
2	We went to McFadden's for St. Patrick's Day last year and again a week ago.  Last year was AMAZING FUN!  I would give the place 5 stars.This year was LAME!  There was a cover charge for a restaurant/bar that was self seating.  There were no tables/seats available at 5 PM.  They were serving hamburgers from the hostess station...?  We were able to finally find a waitress for our standing only bar table.  The food was great, but I may have been intoxicated by that time.  After we finished our food they removed our table to make room for a dance floor.  The whole experience was nothing compared to last year's celebration that included bag pipes, bands, and great service.Not sure what happened to McFadden's AZ.
2	We thought we would get a beer and catch part of the hockey game from the patio bar.  First, they have bouncers and card you as you go in- classy. Second, the staff just stared at us as we tried to find our way to the patio. When we got there finally, it was a mess and there was only a handful of customers and tons of staff. So we just left and went to the faithful stand by at Westgate- Yardhouse.
1	I was reminded last night of the reason why I strongly dislike westgate late night.The bartenders pass you by as you are calling their name to get you a glass of water or even an alcoholic beverage and to make matters completely worse had pregnant looking girls with love handles for days shaking their lack of ass on the bar. Ewww. I know it isn't vegas but cmon managers hire somebody who can at least dance and has somewhat of some musical rhythm. I had this urge to get up there and push them off the bar and steal the outfit but why do it if I'm not the one being paid.  As I headed back to our table trying not to step on the endless amounts of dirty napkins that wanted to stick to my pumps last night and took a seat. This annoying females were screaming for no reason. I always run into the worst crowd at westgate for some reason, first some girl wants me to punch her in the throat for stealing my bf''s water and flirting with him and now this girl screaming. Sweet. The bathrooms were a complete disaster and I can tell you right now I highly doubt they have good food with how the ratings are looking already. Good thing my parents always eat at yard house when they drive down so that's hit or miss but probably a million times better than this joint.
1	I went to McFadden's because I was staying at the Hotel across the street, and me and my girlfriend wanted to go somewhere convenient. When we arrived, even though the Blackhawks were playing the Coyotes(in Chicago) in the playoffs, there were about 13 people (tops) in the place...which seemed strange to me.I then noticed that there were only 2 servers and a bartender working. Shouldn't have been too bad given the few people in there...but it was.It took 10 mins for the server to come to our table, another 15 for her to take our drink order and give us a menu then 20 mins to take our order. Once the food came it was decent, but nothing special. Your usual Chilis', applebee's or any other chain restaurant fare. Again, nothing special.The only reason I see that people would go here is because it's close to both stadiums and in the westgate plaza. If you are going there to only drink, fine, but don't expect the food to be great, or to get any serviceFYI they don't even try to have an Irish theme at this restaurant.
1	I wish I could give this piece of garbage a negative star but it might be the worst place in Arizona. Lots of disgusting people who feel you up in the dance floor, terrible service, the worst music. And apparently they think they are hot stuff in GLENDALE ARIZONA. Yes, they actually kicked out paying customers for wearing a hat. I didn't know we were in gang territory.  Save yourself the STDs and bedbugs. I hope this place burns down.
2	This place is hit or miss for sure, not a big fan though. I like to get my dance on and this place isn't that great for it. Drinks are the same as everywhere else but good luck getting one.
5	Came here for a VIP event and Id have to say that's was the best all around experience I've had at west gate. Brianna was our server and she went above and beyond for everyone in my group. The music was good and the crowd was friendly. If you haven't stopped by here yet its definitely a place to visit.
1	By far the worst service and disrespect I have ever received as an out of towner at a restaurant. The general manager showed little respect for its patrons which is ashame because the waitresses were so nice. I would highly recommend the other bars and restaurants in this little square. This place is ran by a young inconsiderate moron with no concept of the customer experience.Don't go!
2	A friend of mine had happy hour there so there was no need to pay for cover which was a plus. However just to get a drink it took forever and the order wasnt even correct. Bartender will walk past you and skip your turn at lest five times before you even get a drink. Pretty good sized crowd but service not so great. We even had a table and you get your drink at the table just as fast as standing at the bar.Haven't had a great Reuben sandwich in awhile and heard from a friend that the corned beef here was amazing so decided to give it a try in the day time.The sandwich arrived and it looked really delicious and tasted like heaven. I'm big on sauerkraut and McFaddens wasn't stingy at all.  The corned beef wasnt too fatty just how i like it. I got extra dressing on the side to dip my sandwich in. It came with a side of red potato salad that was also mouth watering. Will return to eat!
1	30 mins sitting at a table, waitress never showed. Walked out with nothing. Why does this place exist?
2	Sub par.I knew I should have just listened to the other reviews, but I had to see what was true. Had the blt, not bad, but cold fries. Honestly, you can't screw up a blt, but McFaddens did. Cheap pub grub, at 10 bucks a plate... Sorry ass place, dead lunch crowd. Seems like the only thing that keeps it in business is the  booze.
1	The place itself was...umm okay. Went on a Saturday night and got up to go to the bathroom when walking the security guard pushed me away in the direction of the bathroom instead of telling me. Physical pushed me. Never being there before I did not know where it was. I thought that was completely rude and out of line. Should consider your staff to treat the guests better. Totally asshole. Not going back just because of him.
2	Holy smokes. If your here for drinks, and to get saucey- then go on in. Dont mind girl dancing on the bar above your head. BUT- Do NOT eat the food!! :-/
3	Ummmmmmm not the best thing that has ever happened to me, but fun for a girls night out.  I would not recommend this place for a date-- it seems to be better for groups and hoes.Yeah, definitely groups and hoes.I have never tried the food here.Ever.This last time there was no cover since a buddy did the happy hour route-- which is: if you have like 8 people total, give them your name and guarantee those people will be there, they will give you a "host bracelet" and free drink coupons, and the rest of your group will get bracelets which gives them $2 well drinks and $2 beer (nothing fancy, so you've got to like Bud Light)It is right across from this country themed bar with a mechanical bull, so that's a fun distraction for a while... but it's not like either of these places are Vegas-class or anything.additionally...Do NOT drink and drive.Like ever.But ESPECIALLY from this place-- there are cops EVERYWHERE.Cops standing right outside the doors looking for the drunkies... cop cars parked all over the parking lot.Don't be afraid to get into the passenger seat of your car, toss those keys into the backseat and take a niiice looonnng nap until you're sober, or someone comes to pick you up.ENJOY!
2	You know how the guy on ESPN uses the catchphrase "Useful....useful shot"?Well, this review is Useful....if you want a shot. Go here, it suits you well.~Fud/Drink~I smiled when I saw Restaurant in the title for this place. The food is consistently sub-par, even the apps are lackluster. I got sick here prior to a Coyotes game, thank you McFaddens for making me howl PRIOR to the game itself. I thus, never have eaten here again, because why bother when you get sick from an appetizer. Not too appetizing. You go here to get wasted, but where is the fun in that? Speaking of drinking, the drinks are average as well. Its your average bar option, nothing with pizazz. I could recommend it if there was something of note, like Saddle Ranch's Beer Tower, but they aren't even that creative here. The beer's are expensive as well. Why am I paying so much for these suds and wretched food? It's just a lose-lose situation. Also, its a poor choice if you want something Irish, because its a saloon, right? Haha.... If you come here, later, during the game, you will be asking yourself  "Why did I come here.....?"~Atmosphere/ServiceJust when the food is bad here come the waitstaff, who are not quite bright in the head. You go in, you sit down, and they do not attend to you quickly. You would think after repeated attempts to waive your hand in the air (I rarely do this, its a necessary evil), that they would see you. They don't. They must have some kind of Ray Charles syndrome. Or Stevie Wonderitis. Can you name another blind person style syndrome? Message me with one and I can add it, because that would be what the waitstaff must have... Actually, the blind are upstanding citizens with amazing senses, they would probably do a better job, hence I feel bad bringing them up. Oh well, anyway.... ~Extras/Rating~You might be surprised they get even two stars...and heck, they really do not deserve them. I give them one star for the location and another for still, after all the bad experiences, not being the worst bar I've attended to this point. Congrats to that! They are more worthy of 1 1/2 stars, but why not, I have pity on this spot...so two it is. Just stick with me on this one, and stay away guys! Leave this place for the drunks. There are so many better options in this center. I mean, seriously.
1	Should have trusted the 2-star yelp review & tried another place at Westgate. We went here to grab a bite before an event at Jobing.com arena. There was no wait & we sat down outside. We ordered beers which were $6 and $7 a pint. We asked about HH while I turned around & read the sign saying HH from 4-7sign. They took it down after explaining there weren't any specials. The fact that there was an "event" meant NO happy hour specials.... Zip, zero, none! Really you can't have even one beer on special? Lame. Wing orders have to be ALL one flavor & you get 8. You can't get two "flavors". I guess that would be too complicated. A bit later we ordered a burger & a club sandwich. I kid you not, they came out in under 2 minutes! Obviously not made fresh for "our" order... Big disappointment. And even though the menu reads, "all burgers cooked to medium" it was well done. Honestly the soft pretzel twist & the chocolate dessert stand inside the venue concession area looked better than what we ate at McFadden's. We won't be going back to this joint. If you don't have drink specials your food better be darn good...
1	We stopped by here prior to The Who concert to get a couple of drinks and a bite to eat. The place wasn't to busy yet so we thought it would be perfect being so close to the arena. We were seated outside and asked about drink specials, which we were told there were no specials despite the sign hanging right by us stating otherwise. The hostess came and took the sign down...classy. We ordered some appetizers consisting of hot wings, which were not hot and they could not split favors. That was beyond them to do that. The wings were deep fried to the point of being dried and taking on a jerky like consistency. We also ordered some onion rings, which ran $10 for a plate. These were not your hand battered good onion rings-they were straight from the bag frozen and done in two seconds. The ranch dressing served with the wings and rings was about as thick as water and didn't taste much better. We decided to order a couple of sandwiches, which we figured would be a huge mistake but we were hungry. My wife ordered a club in "Texas toast" and I ordered a half pound bacon and blue burger. I kid you not the order came out as soon as the waitress put it in. There is no way this was cooked to order. The menu said burgers are cooked medium, mine was super well done with no hint of juice. I have no idea at what point the meat weighed half a pound because the "meat" I got was something McDonalds wouldn't serve. My wife's Texas toast was nothing more than regular dry toast. Pints of beer are no cheaper here than inside the arena. The bottom line....go somewhere else when going to an event here or go inside and eat. There's no pride in the cafeteria food they serve. I can only think that they stay in business since on event days they are bound to get a few suckers in there that haven't tried it before. It's to bad having a great spot and all. The valley is loaded with fantastic Irish pubs and this joint should be embarrassed to even consider themselves one. I hope one day this spot is taken over by someone who actually takes pride in what they serve, even on the busiest of days. A busy event should not be an excuse to serve garbage.
1	worst place i ever been to. just plan rude. girls are a -1 but they think there 10s.
1	I would have stayed to experience McFadden's but it literally smelled like a sewer. I haven't been this disgusted walking into something since the porta pottys at the State Fair. Had a drink then left.
1	McFadden's Restaurant and Saloon? It should be ashamed to call itself a restaurant, and even they'd tell you it isn't a saloon. You'd expect a place like McFadden's to be Irish. There's nothing Irish about a very dark place playing overly loud ghetto music. We sat ourselves on the patio to get away from the loudness. We counted 4 security guards, 3 waitresses, and 2 bartenders. 9 Employees and it took 10 minutes to get someone to ask us if we wanted a drink. Then it took another 10 minutes to get the drink and I think there were only about 6 other customers. Most of the employees stand around and play with their phones. There are much better places to go in Westgate. We went to McFadden's our first night in Glendale and it became the punchline for the rest of our trip.
1	This place is sad! If you're looking for food in Westgate just go somewhere else. The Lettuce is wilted!!! This place is a bar that serves bar food. They are more worried about selling booze... Not a bad place if you are looking for a typical overpriced place to have a drink. Long story short I doubt they make it through the summer. I wish it would just close down so they can get some place good in their spot.
1	Ugh...I absolutely hate this place. Not only do the bartenders dress and look like skanks, but their service is terrible. The security guys are extremely rude. Unfortunately, places are limited ta Westgate so I have been here numerous and each time, there is always something wrong. We were there for an hour, my friend literally tripped and almost fell and we were told that we have to calm down otherwise we will get kicked out, as we were all sitting and talking (at 10:00). Sucky place, go somewhere else!
1	Am I getting too old for this?Me thinks not!  Granted I'm not the youngest cat in the crowd, but I think I deserve some love don't I?  Well I guess not at McFadden's. I might not be that young lad that buys drinks for everyone and continue to pound down shots of liquor in the attempt to get myself drunk anymore.  However, I'm the guy that can actually afford it without burning a hole in my wallet - wink!  Maybe you should be looking my way next time instead of continue to serve the drunk dude down the bar who probably shouldn't be drinking anymore unless tent city is the next destination for him.  Loud obnoxious drunks and college frat party like atmosphere only goes so far.  Let's just keep it where it belongs because I really don't know if it should be public thing unless it's a place called Vegas.  Westgate is no Vegas!  I can party with the best, but even I felt uncomfortable here.  Let's just say if a fight broke out I wouldn't be surprised.  Patio is nice, but without a smoke vent is sucks -- yes I know the "patio" needs a smoke vent!  Unfortunately a bad experience this time; we'll see if I ever return to do a follow-up. - Enjoy!
1	Well, I had been warned by many people not to come here, as it seems the yelp reviews match what I've been told. So I go on a saturday night for a "night out". In what world is this an irish bar? Tip: turn it into a mexican party bar and you'll do much better. However I fear the the health of the patrons here. But I'll get to that in a minute.1) wait wait, $5 cover here while no cover at saddle ranch -which has way better service? HA! 2) service was absolutely horrendous. Yes, the bar was crowded on a saturday night, but I'm not a noob to the club scene. It shouldn't take standing at the bar for 10 minutes to get a drink when you're not 3 people deep. I've never seen so many workers behind a bar with such slow service. Everyone looking like they're working but nothing really getting done. Too many bar backs?3) Here's the most troubling. I saw at least one bar tender scooping ice with a glass. Um, are you retarded? How do you have a job as a bar tender? This is one of the biggest no nos as a bar tender. Hope you like glass shards in your drinks! Definitely won't be back.Oh and it looks like many of the TGIF restaurants in the valley are turning into Mcfaddens. Not that I went to TGIF in the first place, but definitely won't anyway.
1	Would not go back. With an hour wait at Yard House we decided to give McFadden's a try. Due to an event going on at the arena, there were no specials, and a very limited menu. Decided on the sliders, which came out burned to a crisp around the edges. Friend had the BLT and said it was not worth the price. Fries were seasoned well, but if the fries are the only good thing there, I'm not coming back. A busboy came by at least 10 times asking our friends plate. There was still food left, and they kept telling him no. He seemed to be getting impatient with them. When they did finish and he took the plate, I was the only one who heard him say, finally! Um, rude? Bathroom was in a horrible state. I get it, it was busy. But someone should be checking on them every half hour, at least.
1	My friend and I were going to a concert at jobing.com arena and my friend decided we should have dinner at McFadden's before the show.  Since she was buying I said ok.  Should have looked at the Yelp reviews first.  Also should have noticed that every other restaurant near the arena had a long wait and McFadden's... no wait at all.  This should have been a clear sign to stay away from this place but we went in anyway.  As we walked in the hostesses at the front desk were ready to seat us right away.  The male manager came toward the front desk and said "Ladies, how are you doing?"  Both of us said "Great, thanks" only to find he was looking at the girls who had walked in behind us wearing skimpy dresses.  He completely ignored us despite the fact that we were right in front of him and talked directly to him.  So rude.  Our waitress came to take our order wearing Victoria's Secret yoga pants.  Really?  I ordered water to drink because I'm not a beer fan.  The water tasted like sewer water.  It was revolting.  It was 110 degrees and muggy outside so for me to choose dehydration over that water, it was truly foul.Both my friend and I decided to order burgers (the menu has a VERY limited selection).  She ordered hers medium rare and the waitress told her they couldn't cook it less than medium.  She said ok, whatever.  She also asked for a side of ranch and a side of mayo with the burger.  When I went to order my burger I asked for it well done.  The waitress said "sorry, we can't cook it any way other than medium."  What??  I have never been to a restaurant that was unable to cook food the way a customer wants it.  What's the point of being in business if you can't cook meat the way a customer wants it cooked??  She said on event days it's too busy for them to be able to cook anything in any different way.  There were 4 tables in the entire restaurant with patrons sitting at them.  Even the tables in the bar were empty.  So having 4 tables means they're too busy to make food the way a customer wants it.  That is flat out ridiculous.  I will not eat meat that is undercooked so I decided to order the philly cheesesteak sandwich instead after being assured the meat in that sandwich is actually cooked.Our food arrived... my friend's food arrived with no side of ranch and no side of mayo.  The waitress brought them out later.  My cheesesteak was soggy because they use a runny cheese sauce.  My friend was also disappointed that they don't toast the buns on their burgers either.  The only redeeming thing in our meal were the fries - they were very good.  But you can get good fries anywhere.  I would never go back to McFadden's.  I'd rather wait an hour for one of the other restaurants in the area.
3	This is a nice spot if you don't want to wait the hour it normally takes to get a table at Yard House (which should be your first option in Westgate). It's noisy and it's loud with all the hockey fans and hockey games on all of their screens. Being a hockey fan myself, I do enjoy that atmosphere, but I know it's not for everyone. Go Coyotes!
3	Okay so I've seen the reviews and I think it just depends on the night of the week. We went Monday night and had a blast! There was karaoke, which I wasn't thrilled about, but the dj played good songs in between. The crowd was small, everyone was friendly and Scotty was a great bartender! Fries were good, wings tasted frozen but they made us food even after the kitchen had closed so we appreciated it. Overall it was fun and we'd go back.
1	I am not ok with a bar asking women to get off of their seat to make room for more people. Customer service is not priority here.
1	Most unpleasant restaurant experience. Well, the food anyway. Top item on the menu is Philly cheesesteak. When it was delivered, it was chicken. Apparently they didn't even inform the waitress that the menu item will no longer be served. Instead of asking if we wanted to order something else, the kitchen brought us a different dish. On top of it all, it did not taste good. The chicken had no flavor, the onions were microscopic and the peppers were also non-existent, like the cheesesteak itself. It happened to the table next to us as well. Poor waitress had no idea because she didn't deliver the food. Not worth my money.
1	AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL. Meathead bartender ? I guess. ? Walks up and escalates issue needlessly. Totally uncalled for and ridiculous. Next time I go, NO eats. Sip at a time & tip at a time.  HORRIBLE service by night crew. 6ish MST. #hopefired
1	The food was ok, the service was mediocre... I would probably give this place three starts but...I checked my credit card statement a few days after going to this place and found that I had been charged and extra $20! I called to try to get that taken care of. I was told that the manager was unavailable and would give me a call back. I did not receive a call back, so I called again two days later. Still no call back. I called again today and nobody answered, so I chose the option to leave a message for the general manager. His voicemail is full!Sooo now I guess I'm left with the option of filing a police report and contacting my credit card company.McFadden's, that's STEALING and it's wrong! I will not be going back here, and I recommend anyone who goes here pays cash!!
1	I ordered a chicken penne. When I received it and half way through eating it I wasn't sure if it was supposed to have chicken in it or not. Sure enough when I got my bill it was a chicken penne. Seeing how I already ate I couldn't really dispute there was no chicken in the chicken penne. How do you screw up something like that? That's like a cheeseburger without the beef patty. Yeah a chicken penne without chicken is totally worth the $15. McFadden's, your food sucks. I can make a much better chicken penne you know why? I actually put chicken in it you lazy bums. I overheard your waiters talk about having bad tips. Maybe the crappy service and forgetting ingredients has something to do with it?
1	The Shepherd's Pie listed on the Irish Faire section of the menu was mediocre, at best. It was soupy and greasy. It was basically ground beef soup. The vegetables were almost nonexistent. There were only a couple of bits of carrot. Peas, a customary ingredient, were missing. For $14.99, I expected a large serving and expected to take some home. The serving was less than generous. For a place that claims to be Irish, they need someone to show them how to prepare Shepherd's Pie. The Sam Adams Octoberfest was good.
1	Horrible service and junk food. The staff has been poorly trained or management doesn't care this place will go out of business very soon. Our whole group went after work and didn't have anyone even ask if we wanted drinks for 30 minutes after our arrival. Party of 16!
1	We are visiting from Seattle and went to this restaurant tonight with friends. It was an absolutely terrible experience. The service was incredibly slow and unattentive. We waited about 40 minutes for our food to come and we only ordered 3 appetizers to share. Our drinks took a good 10 minutes to arrive and when we asked for extra sauce or a drink refill, it never came. As we looked around, we noticed many other tables scanning the room looking for their servers as well.  The food itself was disgusting. I'd compare it to gas station cuisine only it was served on a china plate and we paid 4 times as much for it. We ordered the "Irish Nachos" which was supposed to be crispy fries with melted cheese and other typical nacho toppings. What we got were soggy steak fries (which also ended up coming with the two other appetizers we ordered-fry overload!) soaked in fake cheese sauce with some dried up chunks of tomato. The boneless wings looked and tasted like they were straight out of a frozen package and the sliders must have have been brought over from the local fast food joint...actually, I would have preferred a fast food burger to the measly meat patty on stale bread that we were served. We ended up cancelling the next round of drinks that we had ordered and left very unsatisfied. An Applebees would have been a serious step up from McFadden's. DO NOT EAT HERE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!
1	Yuck!!
1	This place SUCKSSSSSSSS. Drinks are expensive and they charge a cover sometimes. A cover!?!? Idk if they still but last time I was there they did and I was like wtf. Only paid it cuz a few friends were inside already but never again. Service is horrible and then they allow people to dance on the bars which was gross and almost knocked over my drink. Skip this place.
1	Would give NO star if it were an option. What a disappointment. I traveled 100 miles to surprise my wife who is caring for relatives in the Phx area. After shopping at  a nearby outlet mall in the area, we chose McFadden's for lunch.  We had received a coupon book at the mall that had a discount at McFadden's. I should have checked yelp first. The waitress met us at the door and told us that some of the items had been deleted or altered (chicken instead of beef on their Philly Cheese Steak????) the menu has been changed but they have not come back from the printer. A very limited menu and not very cheap either. Our burgers were obviously frozen preformed patties, like you would get at Costco. Good thing it had bacon and bleu cheese, because the patty had NO flavor at all. To top it all off. The waitress would not honor the coupon. Apparently they are null and void on game days. (NHL Coyotes next door) Won't be going back to this dive again.
1	Went here for dinner. Place was empty. Table was sticky. Soda was not carbonated. Food took over 30 minutes to be served and everything ordered was only sandwiches and a burger. The waitress was nice but nothing else about the food was worth a second visit.
1	If I could have rated NO STARS I would have.  When we walked in the hostess' are cleaning the menus and rolling napkins(didnt think this was the appropiate place for that).  Asked for a kids menu, they couldnt find them, said would look some more and bring it to the table.  She never came back, had to ask our server, she said she was looking for it. Mean while shes hugging her friends when they come in the door, almost groping lol.  So she walks by I say , hows that kids menu coming? Oh we ran out.  We get out apps, onion rings and irish nachos.  Cold stale fries onion rings barely warm.  I dont send food back because I heard what they do on comebacks at some places.  Get our food, wife had corned beef and cabbage, the cabbage was spoiled , absolutely tasted so bad.  I had shephards pie, came out luke warm, not very good at all. Mother had a cheeseburger. Came out well done and cold. I bought a groupon for this place and wanted my 25 bucks that spend on that back. The hostess sucked the waitress sucked the food sucked. The manager ended up taking care of our bill. But I still had to pay 25 bucks for shiite ! Stay away from this place.
4	Went here before a hockey game, and got wings and a local beer, I think it was the Kiltlifter.  The prices were reasonable, the wings were just spicy enough, and the beer was good.  The beer was recommended by a bartender when I told him that I usually drink Stone or Sam Adams.  Can't complain.
1	Worst place I have ever been too.Food was cold,soda was waterd down and the glass had grim around the rim of it like it was never washed before being dropped off at my table there is two tables in the whole place and it took 20 minutes to receive my check as a waitress was playing grab ass with some guy with red hair I guessing was a manager.stay away!!!!!!
1	Extremely rude staff. The service or lack there of was ridiculous. They just built a new location at Desert Ridge that I will NEVER visit because of this experience. Good luck making it there with service like this!
1	IF you are a wanna be gansta, like rude service and poor quality, over priced food......MAN, You are in for a treat. EVEN the security guards have bad attitudes!
1	Not a great place to go before a Coyote's game, despite its prime location. As usual, Yard House had a ridiculous wait and McFadden's patio was empty so we headed over there...mistake. Go eat and drink anywhere else. Their service was atrocious and the food/prices don't make up for it. Despite being deserted, we were given a buzzer thing to wait for a table (told a 20 minute wait). We went and sat at the outside bar, which only has 3 beers on tap. After waiting for 45 minutes, we checked in at the front to see how much longer it would be. The lady said she had been calling our names over the microphone...clearly the microphone doesn't work in their outdoor space and the buzzer thing never buzzed. The hostess then told us the buzzers don't work...why give it out then? And why not get us from the bar? Having clearly requested an outdoor table, we were seated indoors. The menu is small and doesn't have much of anything interesting. We ordered onion rings, and a lot of beers. The onion rings came out immediately and based on their sogginess, they obviously had just been sitting out in the kitchen. Beers weren't poured great (small pours).
1	Terrible.  Absolutely terrible.  My girl and I came here after a coyotes game celebrating our anniversary. I could live with the $5 cover. I could live with waiting 20 minutes for a drink. But when the bartender who harassed us and threatened to kick us out, after waiting twenty minutes for a drink, because the door girls didn't give us wristbands turned out to be the manager, that was it. I work too hard and have too little free time to be treated like a third class citizen. Hire new management and nicer door people. Cover charges, long wait times, and douchey bartenders aren't the key to a successful business. Ask for a receipt, I caught the dude pocketing cash twice!
2	Never have I been treated so badly. It seems every time I eat here I get treated like I am a bother.  Why have honey hot as an option if I cannot order it. I will not be choosing mcdaddens ever for my future needs.
3	Wow.  I'm reading other reviews and I am shocked.  I guess if I knew beforehand, I probably would not have patronized this place.  But I will admit I only went there before the Rams/Cards game because it seemed like they least busy place.  I walked in and was told I could sit in the patio area, where the other games were on TV's.Aside from them allowing smoking in the patio area where people are eating, I found this place to be okay.  My fish and chips were good and my waitress was very sweet.  The band was playing and everyone was in a pretty good mood in the plaza area.Maybe I got lucky and found this place on a good day.  No theft here, used cash.
2	The bar has a great location right outside the hockey/football arenas so it makes it really convenient if you are attending one of these venues. The issue I had was with the bartenders...They were way too caught up in their lives and social circles to bother with anything else. It had that feeling to where you are there for them instead of them being there for you. So expect to wait on them and let them finish their conversations, flirt and so on... Too many other good bars for me to return.
1	One word......WOW!!!!My family and I dined at McFadden's yesterday afternoon and I have a few things I would like to bring to everyone's attention. First of all I ordered the chili cheese nachos and the actual tortilla chips were horrible. I'm not sure if they are freshly made but if they were they were probably fried in rancid oil possibly. Secondly, while my wife was in the restroom, one of the waitresses came into the restroom while holding a customers dinner.  She went fully in and once she saw my wife she exited as fast as she could. I truly cannot believe that happened. Stay far away!!!!! Trust me!!!
1	Terrible!  First visit was a train wreck. ..literally out of 3/4 of their menu...was overcharged for what we did order, spoke with the manager who seemed sincerely apologetic and explained they had several people walk out and not show up that day along with a few other problems. Decided to give them another try since we had a $50 gift certificate for them... never, ever again!!! The place smelled like it was having sewage issues, it was completely empty of customers except us. We were given menus, spent 10 min deciding what we wanted and then the hostess came back and said she had mistakenly given us the regular menu and that they were on "event" menus this week because of all the extra games going on.  She explained that the event menu was just a condensed version of their regular menu... um NO, that was not the only difference. ..the event menu is more expensive and does not include happy hour (which we were there for). Apparently the manager was the one to direct the hostess to replace our menus. Clueless! We walked out, spent $60 at another restaurant despite having the gift card for this joke of a place and won't be back!
1	Bad business practices. Came here with a Groupon to try the place. We received the wrong food, bill was not corrected because we did not receive correct hamburger ( there are only 3 on the menu ), and then they refused the alcohol on the Groupon even though it Groupon includes. No happy hour specials... would not return.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. I have never given a review this bad!! The food is HORRIBLE. How do you screw up a BLT. This place did! A chicken ceasar wrap with no ceasar? No dressing at all!! I was embarrassed for the pregnant waitress. It was so bad our toddler who loves to eat, didnt eat the chicken strips. Hardly any meat and they were cook to charcoal briquette perfection. I have had better food at a hospital cafeteria, much better. If you are reading this before you enter, save yoir hard earned $
2	I read that they would get my check wrong and sure enough, it was. Wow.  I told her to not even try to explain since I knew it would be an overcharge because they are sort of known to do this.   Wow.  this place is simply not good.  Sorry.
1	Congratulations McFadden's you've done it! You've earned the distinction of worst bar in Arizona. From the dirty(not in a good way) dance floor, awful, negligent(too busy drinking instead of serving) staff, horrible food and the audacity to charge a cover?!? Really, just please make the world a better place and close already.Sincerely,Every Arizona Resident.
1	The most disgusting shepherds pie on the planet! Service sucked, prices were ridiculous drinks were watered-down. Who's  running this place? Will never be returning!
1	Just completely horrible. The $16 Shepard Pie was plain old chili, mashed potatoes & cheese. Worst meal I've ever eaten!!!
1	Stopped by for lunch on a quiet Saturday. Our server was quick and helpful with menu questions. The food was delivered in a timely manner and warm. Had a Rueben sanwich and fries. The sandwich had potential with thick slices of corned beef inside. The beef was very tenderbut it was lacking flavor and therefore the sandwich flopped. My lunch companion had a chicken sandwich that was also unremarkable. The fries were pretty good. The beer was tasty and service was good. Sorry to say it was not worth the trip.
1	Depressing. Not a good sign. Completely dead on a Saturday night in the middle of Westgate. I get that there are a couple of other choices in westgate but we decided to pop in here. BIG mistake. Their menu is the typical Irish bar fare,  greasy and should've been perfect after a day of drinking. Unfortunately, this was not the case. All we wanted were pretzels. Seeing they had it on their HH menu we assumed we could just order the more expensive plate not at the discounted HH rate. Ummm, no. They won't serve anything that's on their HH menu unless it's HH. The service was poor-my friend preferred to compare them to a smelly bottom body part. We asked them what beer they had on tap and were told "we have a lot, do you want them to name them ALL?" Huh? I'm sorry that we came into your life and inconvenienced you seeing that your only purpose to be in front of us is to serve us and make sure we have a positive experience in your establishment. Clearly, that was too much to ask for at McFaddens. I've never had such a poor experience in my life. The food was mediocre and the bathrooms were disgusting.Maybe, this space is cursed. The Other place that was here shut down too. Seeing all the reviews on here and being at a 1.5 stars should be a sign. Shut your doors and close up all ready.
1	Came here for dinner and drinks with an out of town friend. Not a good first impression for Arizona. The food was subpar and drinks were average. I ordered the Molly Cristo and she got the chicken wrap. Our whiskey sours were 99% watered down whiskey and a splash of sour. Pricing was okay but our waitress was not attentive, served our food and walked away without asking if we needed anything- we waited 10 minutes for her to walk by so we could get condiments. Took another 20 for us to grab her to get our bill. Food = C+, Drinks = B-, and Service = D
1	A table of 18 and a fairly empty restaurant with an over hour wait for food. Its ridiculous, and as our food arrives its overcooked, no condiments, and no food reprieve for the others at the table still waiting. No apologies, no checking in with us. RIDICULOUS!
1	This place is so poorly managed and aweful, it's difficult to make an emphasis. They just don't care about their service. At all... So odd...
1	Wow it was so bad We asked to sit on the patio and no one ever came to ask us if we wanted a drink or bring us water !!! Tables were left dirty on the patio as well .. We got up and left Went across to whiskey rose and the same thing !! Nobody ever came out . We walked out and so did the table next to us ...no service and no customer service. And they could care less
3	This one is pretty simple. Only good to grab a drink, maaaaaaaaybe two, before a game and move on
1	We (5 of us) went into mcfaddens  on 3/19/14 at approximately 7:13, we were sat and 10 mins went by and nobody saw us. I check the time because I'm a server myself and know about seeing people within 90 secs and we were pressed for time because we were going to a concert. So I went up to bar, after another 3 mins the bartender asked what I need and I said no one has seen us and it's been a while. The bartender came out and offered us drinks, I said we needed to order and she said go ahead. We gave 5 orders of drinks and food and she wrote nothing down. As soon as she walked away I said she would get order wrong, I knew she would because she didn't write it down. At least she made an attempt to help us because a server never did. She brought out our 1st round and some water. Then 20 mins went by and we asked about our food. The restaurant was dead, it shouldn't take that long. We stopped some random host/server and said that we have to leave and to just cancel the order. She went to tell manager after a couple mins a girl came over and said the food is ready, I said we'll take it in boxes because we have to go. Sure enough only 4 orders came out and my order was wrong. The manager said he was comping drinks for the wait and the meal that did not go out so he was going to run the payment for remainder of food. I went to go find him and tell him that my order was wrong as well, he came over and verified it was. He said we could have it anyway, and that the other order that was missing was ready. He brought it out and said he was sorry, I told him that I knew it wasn't his fault but our experience should not have happened this way. So after we left I opened up the box to the order that was missing and the bread was burnt to all 3 sliders. My friend didn't eat that, I ate part of the cold burger that I didn't order and girlfriend ate some of her wings - in the car - because we spent 50+ mins at Mcfaddens for terrible service, incorrect and burnt food that we didn't even get to eat in restaurant. Very disappointed.
1	DO NOT GO HERE UNLESS...You want HORRIBLE food, mistake after mistake on your orders and service that is worse than the food.
4	Dear reviewers reading,Went here last night after Whiskey Rose was shutting down for the night it was only 12 am and a lot of people were looking for more drinks good thing this place stayed open. Everything was super great the bartender put together a sex on the beach drink and there's is sweeter than Whiskey Rose which surprised me. A lot of normal drunks hanging out trying to talk and laugh. Nothing unusual next time I'll try the dance floor when its a Friday or Saturday night.
1	This might be the worst bar I have ever gone into.  From the moment we walked in, you could tell this place was a dump.  It is by far the dirtiest bar I ever seen.  Garbage all over the floor, and the tables a complete mess.  We decided to grab a drink outside.  The "waitress" walked by us no less than 5 times before even acknowledging us there.  When we got up to leave, one glance at the half-naked sluts dancing on the bar made us realize we were in the wrong place.  This is a strip club, not a tavern.  The bar was lined with pubescents and 50 old creeps ogling the girls.  Glendale should swoop in now and either shut this place down or make them apply for a strip club license.
3	Much better than the last time I was here but they still have a way to go. The drinks were good and came out fast, and the food was pretty good. Our server was sweet too.
3	Stopped back by there Wednesday and was told AGAIN by my server that they are going to change the menu in a few weeks. Seems like every 6 months or so they say they are changing the menu and then the fire the chef and start with a new one. This guy is the 4th one that I know of. Hope they keep him around because his jive white ass is pretty funny and the food seemed better than the last time I was there...
1	This is my first review on yelp because yeah am too lazy to type but this place needs a review coz it's the shittiest bar in the valley! In such a prime location it definitely needs to be shut down. This waitress forgot her name, oh how I wish I remembered the name, but she's not that important obviously, so I get there am the first person on that side of the counter so I sit, two other guys join me one on my right and one on my left. The guy on my left apparently is a frequenter there so he says hi to her n calls her name he gets served first. The other guy on the right gets a hi and how are u doing what would u like me to serve u, he gets his ice tea, all this time am just looking at her waiting on her to even look at me and acknowledge my presence but apparently that was too much to ask. She finally did and served my beer. It was happy hour lets just said I had one beer and tipped $0 because that's exactly what she deserves. I hate to do that but they gotta close the place up no need to go in somewhere n leave more pissed!
1	Well, after reading the reviews I got worried..Had a $25.00 Groupon coupon so figured we would try it.Dinner started out ok..We ordered our food. Burgers and chicken wrap.Food was ok. Burger seemed to be a prepatty?Well then it got interesting.Online menu shows burgers $10. Paper menu shows $11.00Bill came up as $12.00???Watch your bill.. seems fishy to me..Asked waitress about it, no kidding she asks me...."Would u like me to take that off?"And then we only ordered one soda, ran up as two..Asked server about it and she said to get the $25 off the bill had to be $50.00 so she just added the 2nd drink on???So I asked to have the $2.00 off for the Over priced burgers & $3 for the soda.. and I ordered dessert to go to allow bill to be $50. She brought bill back still with the extra Soda.I asked her about the extra $3..No kidding she asks again...."Would you like for me to take that off"Wow... this was crazy...
1	When someone tells you you won a free Happy Hour (no cover for you and your party) and $2 drinks the saying "Too good to be true" should come to mind here at McFadden's. Only limited well drinks are $2 and they are so watered down you don't taste anything and house margaritas are not included.  I ordered 2 different drinks and they both came with cracked and chipped glasses that leaked all over me and the table. I then thought "ok, Irish pub" so I ordered a Jameson's and it was awful!  I asked what they gave me and the waitress couldn't tell me, I asked what Irish whiskey they had and she told me 1 type of Jamison's and that's it!!!!  Please save yourself the time and effort to come here, it's not worth the "free" drinks!  If I could give this place negative stars it would be the full 5 negative.
1	Not impressed with the food and customer service. The prices were high but didn't match in quality. I ordered the Mongolian flavored wings for an app. The flavor was ok but the chicken was dried out. I ordered the fish and chips with regular fries which ended up being a $4 up charge?! I thought fish and chips was fish and fries?! The F&C totaled $17. I could only handle 2-3 bites of the fish and couldn't do all the breading. It was about 15% fish and 85% breading. I ordered the F&C because the server said it was his favorite and recommended it. My fault for taking his word. I was hoping he might comp at least 50% of it but no such luck. Also, we didn't get a refill until we were about to leave. We will never be going back there, even with a coupon/gift certificate.
1	Do not eat here. I would give negative stars if I could. Waitress charged me $10 more.  When disputing it, she said that's because of tax, when it clearly said subtotal. It was my birthday and I waited an hour and a half for my bill, missed my movie. The manager is even worse. He slammed the receipt and rolled his eyes. I couldn't believe it. I wasnt rude, I was just disputing the charge. Theres a whole list more to say negative about this place, but it would be 2 pages long. ALSO, check your bill, they will try to charge you extra than what the menu states.
1	Not even nice for a sports bar. The bathrooms could use a lot of work. The stainless steel stalls of the bathroom looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months. Seat cleaners were empty and one door was had duct tape holding it together as a repair job. Seems like any chain restaurant should have better standards than this.The bar was not busy but we waited forever for drinks, appetizers and refills. I was not impressed and my boss who suggested McFadden's after our event at UOP stadium, was very displeased.We had a group of no more than 8 people, who arrived one by one. The server was unable to get drinks and orders taken in a timely manner for new guests. We ordered hummus for the table and when the pita and cucumbers were all gone, by boss asked for more pita to finish our hummus. There must have been some sort of mixup with another order that was placed because the pita still didn't show up after 20 minutes had passed. The manager had an excuse about the server ringing in an order as an appetizer vs. entree. I'm aware this mistake happens in serving. I was a server for years, but in this situation I feel that if you ask the kitchen for some pita, it shouldn't take that long even if the server made a mistake with the order. It only takes a minute to heat up and put on a plate. We could have been satisfied with a simple we are sorry and we are working on fixing it right now. It seemed like even the manager would rather make an excuse than just get the job done. A manager should set the example and level of customer service for the whole restaurant. It was a sad display. I don't see myself returning to McFadden's for any reason in the future.
2	Being from Chicago,  I was quite happy to see a familiar name. Good sized place, and the music was great all night. It got a little crowded, and I bumped into the guy next to me and spilled some of his drink. I apologized, bought him a new one and shook his hand. 5 minutes later 3 security guards walk up behind me and tell me I have to leave. No one can tell me what I did, but I wasn't going to get belligerent or argue with them, but being totally classless they kept shoving me as the bartender who was closing my tab was running my card. Even he asked what happened, and was just as dumbfounded as I was. So, if you come here, be careful.
1	Terrible and unprofessional service. I work in the industry so I tend to be more lenient than others because I understand the inter-workings of a bar. However, I still expect to be treated with respect and professionalism. Upon entering I was just stared at by 3 workers but was not greeted at all. The "manager" if you could call her that was bad mouthing some of her guests to other bar guests. I found this appalling! If I were the owner I would be reading these awful reviews and making some changes. I will not be returning.
2	1 star for drinks. 2 stars for everything else. My husband and I went here because we had a restaurant.com $25 gift certificate. I've been to Westgate numerous times, but never McFaddens. We went during happy hour, & knew we couldn't use it on anything happy hour, but it was ok, because none of our drinks or food were on happy hour anyway. We'd be getting $25 off of our bill of $50, so half off. The place was dead. There were 2 other tables with people. The mixed drinks, horrible. My husband ordered a Long Island Iced Tea. A Long Island has 4 different kinds of alcohol in it & a splash coke. His drink looked like pink lemonade.  He cringed when he drank it. Me, I hate the taste of liquor. I tried his drink knowing it's supposed to have 4 kinds of alcohol in it. It tasted exactly like peach juice. There was no alcohol in the drink. I would say zero alcohol. No coke either. It was peachy tasting water. We waited and waited on the waitress to come back to send the drink back. She didn't come back. He went up to the bar and told the bartender to remake the drink while he was standing there watching him. The bartender made a new drink. It was an actual Long Island, and looked completely different side by side to the original drink. It tasted like it should have. My husband told the bartender that the next drink he orders, he wants him to make it. My husband orders drink #2, from the same bartender who he already complained to. The drink was just as bad & awful as the 1st one he sent back. He took the drink back to the bartender, again, and told the bartender it was peach juice. The bartender complained, and copped an attitude, saying they don't over pour their alcohol. We weren't asking them to over pour. We were asking them to make a Long Island, that contains alcohol, and not serve watered down peach juice. The tvs were good. The food was average tasting. The menu food was about $8-$14. They have happy hour pricing on some appetizers, and some drinks.  We were so angry about the drinks and attitudes, we had to leave. The $25 off didn't matter. I'm giving them 2 stars because we did get half off the food, my beers, and peach water. If you're going for mixed drinks, don't go here. It's the worse mixed drinks we've had. When you complain, they turn it around on you, like it's your fault.
1	Everyone was right, but for different reasons.  Most of our food was cold and our beer warm. Guess at half price, you get what you pay for.  Even bathrooms rivaled Circle K - gross.
1	This place is disgusting!!!!!! Do not come here for drinks OR food. The place is always dead and it still takes 45 minutes for food to come to the table. The drinks are over priced and they are weak. Hopefully someone will come around and buy out this place and put it out of its misery soon.
1	I have been here 2 times. The first time i went, my husband and I went it was for a date night. We waited for a table and our buzzards never went off and there was obviously 4 tables open. I finally asked and the woman said "oh, I'm sorry" and actually put us next to the bar. It took forever to get food... and when it came out it was cold. But our server she was awesome. The food was cold and it I just was not seeing what all the talk was about.The 2nd time myself and some other military wives came last night. Although it took forever to get a drink which I was not understanding why because not a lot of people were ordering drinks. I often order the same drinks... and I ordered a "Pink Pu**y" which it did not taste like it at all. I felt there was more juice than anything. It mostly felt like a boring bar... there was water on the floor when I was walking out ans nearly busted my bottom. (Can you guys mop?)
2	The service was fine,  the food was tasteless. I've never had fried mozzarella that had no flavor or seasoning. We tried to order surf and turf but they WERE OUT OF STEAK. Who puts steak on the menu and let's it run out.  The fries were like McDonald's fries with no salt. We will not be going back.
1	This place needs a better DJ. I went on a Saturday night and tried to get into it but the wackness overcame me and I left. I've been to better clubs/bars, downtown Phoenix, Tempe, and in Scottsdale. Need a better DJ with more up to date music selections. "Everbody in the club gettin tipsy" was maybe a good dance record 10 years ago.Maybe. New D.J. #Period
3	Bar review only.We stopped by to have a few drinks before a concert. The service was slow, but the bartender was always nice when she came over to get our next drinks.
1	I've been there a couple of times and did not like it at all. I think what pushed me over the edge was this past weekend.  I was out celebrating my birthday and the DJ y'all had was horrible! He didn't let the song play for more than 15 seconds! I couldn't even enjoy dancing. Also the DJ was telling the ladies to get on top of the bar for a free shot, ghetto I might add, which caused another lady to get upset that she had an ass in her face, pushed her. I understand people act stupid, but the security didn't handle it well at all. I got my foot stepped by them and pushed out of the way. That was my last straw, I will never go back.
3	Ok let's start with the pro's, the place is fun good music, and is a 49ers sports bar which we love. The Con's, food menu is small not a lot to choose from and a little over priced for what it is but besides the food this bar is the dirtiest bar I have ever been too, sticky disgusting floor, trash everywhere, the bathrooms are completely tore up, messy not stocked. Also service is slow, and make sure to look at your receipt lots of errors, and the waitresses are not to sure about anything.
1	Been to this bar 3 times now and every time I have had to correct the wait staff when it came time to pay the check. They have added drinks and food that we didn't order all three times. Was there this past weekend and they added a drink we didn't order. Out side of that its a fun place in a great location. 1 star for bad service. Keep track of what you order.
1	While I hesitate adding yet another review to this 1.5 star restaurant, I can't ignore the bad experience that I had while I was there. Firstly, I want to make it clear that our waitress was very nice and accommodating, so the service gets 5 stars. However. Upon arriving, I ordered a Long Island and my man ordered a dirty martini. I'm not that picky when it comes to drinks, but the Long Island came VERY watered down. It tasted like water and Splenda. I asked the waitress to switch it out for a glass of wine which they didn't have, so I settled for a rum and coke which was also watered down. At this point I gave up. My boyfriends dirty martini came without olives. He went to the bar to ask for olives and the male and female bartender ignored him for at least two minutes because they were too busy chatting with each other. He moved to another side of the bar and another server or bartender helped him out and added olives to his beverage. The food we ordered was sub par. His fish and chips were below average, and my nachos were just soggy beyond the first layer of a few chips, and the chicken was bland. Overall, I just can't recommend this restaurant knowing that the food and drinks were almost ok awful level. Maybe if we hear that they've made major changes to their kitchen and bar we'll head back and give them another chance.
4	Great place for a few pre-game day brews.  Never seen so many Redskins fans in one place in AZ.  Rough game though. HTTR
1	We've been to this establishment more than a few times always giving them the benefit of doubt that next time our service may be better but nope, not the case. The last visit topped it off for us to not give them anymore of our $. Not knowing that barstools are removed from the bar just before a game is over, my brother met up with another brother there  (Westgate), he is a disabled Navy vet, can't stand too long and asked the bartender if he could pull up a barstool to sit and was given the ok. Minutes later the manager comes up to him saying he couldn't use that stool and said he needed it asap, my brother told him he was disabled and the mgr replied "I don't care!" Wth? I was appalled at the treatment my brother received, disgraceful. On anther note, the service has always been bad, one visit we waited an hour for our food only to be told by the waitress she had forgotten to place our order. The bathrooms are always yucky and from what other people have said, their floors are always sticky. So never again will we be going to this place.
1	Terrrrrrrrrible service. Cheap frozen food. Never got the sides we asked for 3 times from our waitress and the hostess.
1	Shortage of menus with 1/2 empty restaurant so we're seated w/1 menu to share! Waitress huffs when she's asked what's on tap! Food is ok at best. This place needs to step it up or they'll be closing
3	My husband and I come here when we occasionally attend a Cardinals game and stay at the hotel next door. We've come in 4 or 5 times now over the last couple years. I'm here to confirm things and give my opinion. Warning, I may offend some people but this is just my observation.1. Yes, the bathroom is disgusting. The doors are nasty. It doesn't help that its stainless steel and any smudge shows up. And yes it looks like they have not been cleaned in any way for months. Theres never any soap. The toilet seat covers are always empty, and a few of them are hanging off the wall by only one screw. The only good part about the bathrooms is its open, and at times there is a friendly attendant handing you paper towels. But did anyone stop to think that most of the customers using this said bathroom were completely trashed, and the employees are tired of cleaning up after them for the day? Not condoning the employees behavior at all, but you also have no idea what went on in that bathroom before you walked in there. Also.. haven't we all been to a dive that is worse then this?2. I can only comment on the bartender service as we have never sat at a table and needed a server. I do vividly remember the first time we were there, and yes the service at first was a little rough. But my husband and I are friendly and started talking to the bartender. We were treating him like a human being doing us a service. We were joking, laughing, and having a good time. Sure, he was getting paid to make our visit enjoyable, but it worked. Then our service was wonderful. Our drinks were full and we were happy. Then, every time after that that we visited we got the same service. One specific bartender actually remembers us every time, and remembers what we drink and before we even get a chance to say "hi! haven't seen you in a few months" there is two beers sitting in front of us. If thats not service, I don't know what is.We have been there during busy times as well. People watching is a habit of mine. Yes, I see you.. yes you. The jerk that demands service but then doesn't tip. The "lady" that wants the fruitiest drink ever, and because there isn't 5 shots of alcohol in this said drink they consider it watered down. The college kid that orders 5 different drinks for his drunk friends and then tips $1. That bartender you just pissed off remembers you. He or she knows that no matter what he or she does for you, you will only demand more, and tip less. There was a tall guy quite literally hanging over the bar, yelling at the bartender who was busy making other drinks on our last visit. When the bartender continued to ignore him, the guy was getting pissed. Meanwhile, our beers were empty and this said bartender grabbed us two beers before finally helping this person. Do NOT treat your bartender like less than human and then get mad that you get horrible service. Try treating your bartender or server like you were in their position, and maybe, just maybe they will treat you how you expect to be treated. Now, there is an exception to that because this place has a long of young employees. Some I could swear are not old enough to even work. And unfortunately a lot of people don't really like their job and could care less that they just pissed you off. They just want the paycheck. So then you have a mixture of customers who have extremely high expectations, and employees that hate their job. Not a good mix. But considering this place has MANY reviews that all say the service sucks and it has 1.5 stars out of 5... maybe you shouldn't go in and then judge the place for its faults that you were completely aware that it had. Now to the food. Well, I'm no chef, so to me the food was ok. I wouldn't recommend anything. And yes it is over priced. But its food, and we were hungry. After a few beers, we just wanted to eat something. The wings are dry, the mozzarella cheese fritters are greasy, the burger isn't seasoned. This isn't a five star food spot. Deal with it. One last thing and then I will jump off my soap box. The only real issue we had was on our last visit. At a certain time the bouncers take the bar stools out from underneath you to make room for the crowd. For us to have been there for hours before this and then the bouncer very coldly yells at us "I'm taking the stools now". I turn around and ask "seriously?". And his reply was "seriously". I stand up and he takes the chair with nothing else said. Not a "thank you" or a "sorry". Just need to learn some manners, thats all. Ok I'm done. I know its a dive, and everybody hates it, but we are still going to go there.
1	Awful food, awful service, dingy atmosphere.  The only reason we stayed is we had a restaurant.com gift card for it.  The prices are pretty high for terrible food and they couldn't get the order right and it was just nachos and a burger!  If you're gonna pay that much go o to yard house instead!
1	F*** this place!! My sister in law went out in Westgate to celebrate her bachelorette party and went to McFaddens to celebrate and we were told that because she was wearing a veil and outfit we were "too drunk" to get in?? Screw you and your business we will NEVER be back and to all the other bachelorette parties don't go here to celebrate. Total disrespect and a big FYOU! #worstbusinessever
3	The food is not the best. Service is ok but they forgot to give silverware. We had 4 different servers not sure why? Very unorganized.
1	My girlfriend and I are 49er fans and we had heard that there was a very cool 49er club that gathers there so we went to check it out last Sunday. We invited some other friends, most of whom are Cardinal fans. The plan was (as it is every week) to spend the day there enjoying football, food and drink. The food was mediocre at best. The drinks were watered down. Service was slow but we stayed because we had good seats. There were about eight of us. We arrived about 2pm. At 6pm we decided to leave and paid our tab and tipped well despite weak food, drink and service. Half of our group got up and left and the other half started a new conversation. We decided to have one more beer before leaving while we finished our conversation. We ordered, only to have the waitress return a few minutes later (not the waitress that had served us earlier) and tell us that they had decided not to serve us because we had been there too long already and they felt we had had to much to drink. The manager stood behind her. I asked them if we had acted inappropriately in any way to lead them to this decision. They said no. I asked if we were being loud or belligerent. They said no. So i asked, "why are you treating us this way?" And they said it's our opinion that you've been here to long. That was their only reply. I had never had anything like that happen to me before. I told them that we had never been there before and were there to checkout a club that gathers there and brings them plenty of business. The manager, a younger kid who called himself, "Sam" said he didn't care because he doesn't like that club anyway.  I thought, "wow, people go there and spend large amounts of money to be treated that way?" We will never return to this dump and will tell that story to anyone that mentions going there ever again.
2	Noisy. Crowded. Mediocre food.I also call their cleanliness into question. Upon attempting to use a mustard bottle at our patio table, a piece of dirt/napkin/dried-out-mustard had jammed the tip of the squeeze bottle. What I thought was just thick mustard exploded all over myself and my wife when whatever was clogging the end was forcibly ejected from squeezing it.+1 star because the waiter was kind enough to bring towels wet with soda-water for us to clean ourselves up.
1	Got there on a Saturday afternoon around 1 p.m. and the place was empty. The hostess wasn't very friendly and acted as if we were bothering her. Friends and I expected quick service since the place was empty, but ended up taking longer than expected for food. The fish and chips were good, although the fries could've used more seasoning. Once we finished and expected the check, it took about another 20 minutes to get our bill. Will not be going back again.
1	I wish I could give them zero stars. There is not a single redeeming quality about this place. Dirty, rude employees, nasty food, etc. Then they topped it off with the Seahawks pep rally. Never spending money here again.
1	Tonight I heard they were holding a Seahawks Pepper alley, and I was told that they would not be holding a Cardinals pep rally the same. Why would I as in Arizona resident ever want to go here?
1	They like the Chickenhawks..they must suck..stay away! Anyplace that doesn't favor the home team sucks!
1	Place is dirty. Out server was rude & the Shepard's Pie was the worst I've ever had. How they remain in business is beyond me.
1	The service was terrible and the help was outright rude.  My best recommendation is to go someplace else.
1	If I could I would give the place negative stars. The staff was EXTREMELY rude not just one but all 5+ that we encountered. It was not for a lack of trying on our part... We were friendly tried to make conversation and tipped well but still couldn't even get a smile out of the staff. The later you are at this place the more questionable the crowd becomes. Felt VERY unsafe. I will never return and have told all my friends to do the same. Sucks to have to post such a negative review.
1	Arrived at Midnight on a Thursday to have some martinis with my girlfriend. Bartenders were very nice however the bouncer (short black guy) was extremely rude. Music selection was really good and the drinks were decent. It was 12:45 and they called out last call so we ordered a martini. 15 minutes later the bouncer starts trying to kick us out. He was super rude and said that if we don't chug our drinks he would take them away. I did not appreciate his behavior due to the fact that you enjoy a martini not chug it. I was planning to celebrate birthday here but I will be taking it elsewhere. If you want people to drink in your establishment don't kick them out when they just ordered a drink.
1	I gave this place a 2nd try - still terrible.  We went to the Westgate area to eat at one particular place, but it was closed.  I had my ent coupon book with me and this place is in it so I thought might as well try it one more time since it is a BOGO.The 1st time we went the food was OK but the service was terrible.  I thought the place was a bit run down but to be expected in the area w/ folks only frequenting it as a place to get loaded on game days.  It was a bit busy that night and they were clearly short staffed so I thought to give them a break.So when our 1st choice was closed tonight - I thought we would give it another try.  Still terrible facilities...this time there was so much dirt on the ledge beside our table I could write my name in it.  There was only one server working as waitress and hostess - OK I guess since we were only one of 3 tables the whole time we were there.The tea was clearly old (or from an unclean musty dispenser) and I had her take it back & give me a soda instead.  When she went to bring my soda back, she delivered my coke to another table and returned their credit card to us...I would have been HOT if I was the other guests - it was really shocking - very careless service!  We placed our order including the appetizer and waited.WaitedWaitedfinally our food comes - and we just said take the appetizer off the bill.  She was surprised that it never came out....Really? your are the only server in the place - do you think it grew wings and brought itself to our table?Ordered traditional Pub faire - Bangers & Mash.  Hubby had Corned beef.  It was OK - the Corned beef was tough - I can make it better at home.  All in all - once again - disappointing.Above all I can't believe how dirty this establishment is.  Obviously you are slow on non-game days....you have plenty of time to clean and GET ORDER RIGHT!Will Not be returning ever!  even with a coupon!
