5	As good as the restaurant scene is in Las Vegas, I've often lamented the fact that there are hardly any asian restaurants where one can get handmade noodles. Sure there is Beijing Noodle #9 at Caeser Palace, but revenue-sharing with the casino makes the prices for the noodle-dishes there prohibitive.Well....with the recent opening of Beijing Noodle Cafe, there'll be no more lamentations from me. This restaurant qualifies as a true "discovery", and a precious addition to the Vegas restaurant scene.Serious Yelpers know that great food experiences are never just about sustenance; they are sensual as well. Well, that perfectly describes the experience of eating noodles that have gone from the "slice" or the "pull' into a boiling pot in a matter of a split-second.  The texture and mouth-feel of the noodle is so sublime that once you've had that experience, all other noodles pale in comparison. On top of that, at 6 pm every evening, you can even watch them actually make the noodles in the middle of the restaurant as you dine.Be forewarned: they have no alcohol licence, so it's just soft drinks or iced tea.Beijing Noodle Cafe isn't in Chinatown; it's at E. Flamingo and Sandhill. Maybe a trek for some, but more than worth it. It's a trek I'll certainly be making a lot.
5	The wonton noodle soup was very good.  The other reviews got it right, the food tastes fresh and yummy.  There were some minor communication issues with our waitress, but the rest of the staff were quick to come help with whatever I needed.
5	Another favorite Chinese noodle joint for us to eat at here in town since the long-gone and not forgotten Shanghai Noon owned by HK actor, Samo Hung. We walked in right on time for the nightly noodle making/stretching. This place reminds me of the masters over at Malan Noodles that are in SoCal and all over Beijing. As mentioned in another review, English can be a bit of a challenge here. For those not interested in the noodles, they also offer a selection of  "Westernized" Chinese dishes including fried rice and chow mein. But why bother, they should be known for their noodles like their namesake.One thing for certain, I like the flavors here more than Malan which I find slightly bland. The noodles are tender and chewy. After perusing the menu, the owner's husband recommended the following: -Special Flavor Beef Noodle Soup ($6.95). Served with slices of marinated beef and wood ear (fungus). The soup base is made from beef stock and a secret blend of 28 spices (and you thought the Colonel used more spices) with Star Anise as the dominant spice. What a wonderful medley of flavors tingling my palate. -Special Flavor Tomato Egg Noodle Soup ($6.95). The soup base reminds me of my mother's tomato and egg dish; slightly sweet with a zest of tomato flavor and sprinkling of eggs. -Vegetable Dumplings (pan fried $4.95). Perfect for the vegetarian or someone who doesn't want any meat in their dumplings. Instead of the traditional dumplings that are fried individually, the chef made it into a flower shape that you separate into individual pieces. What a neat way to present dumplings! Sure, the place is in the wrong side of town for me. But, it is certainly worth the trek. Flavorful broth. Check. Fresh tender and chewy noodles. Check. Happy stomach. Check. Solid 4.5 Stars
4	The restaurant was cute and clean, primary lighting was from paper  lanterns on the ceiling, which cast everything w a red glow. My friend said the red hurt her eyes, but it didn't bother me. I expected the standard Chinese menu of paper or maybe even something laminated, but they had cute bound menus printed on pretty paper. Lol I'm impressed by the littlest things. The prices were really reasonable and they had a good selection, most of which can be prepared vegetarian. We started with the pork won tons in red chili oil and pork and chive dumplings. Pork won tons were cute little bite sized things, think it was 10 to an order not the 8 mentioned in the menu. Served in a sauce like the light sweet soy sauce you put on rice noodles at dim sum with chili oil added. The sweet/spicy was perfect with pork won tons. Dumplings were basically potstickers - loved the presentation, and filling was mainly pork. Served with the same sweet soy sauce on the side. The dumplings were a little delayed coming out, and the owner apologized saying that they could only make one order at a time (the table next to us ordered first). Does that mean they only have 1 pan?The 3 of us shared the Shanxi knife bevel w beef - homemade chow fun noodles w beef, wood ear fungus and a slightly sweet brown sauce. Noodles were perfect - a little chewy, but I wasn't a fan of the sauce. Beef broccoli doesn't usually need a description but this one was served with a darker brown sauce that was even sweeter. No clue if Beijing style cooking is typically on the sweet side. I was just more expecting the usual Chinese gravy that everything seems to come with. I miss that delicious generic gravy. My friend ordered the noodle soup with chicken nuggets, so I just had a taste of hers. Broth was amazing with complex flavors, noodles were somewhat soggy, chicken nuggets were really dark chunks of soy sauce chicken (looked like beef). I wouldn't get the chicken again, but maybe try the beef noodle soup next time. The chef offered us dessert of tapioca in chilled coconut milk. It was a nice light end to the meal,and he said it was for friends only. Awww we're friends!
4	This place is clean, servers are friendly, food is good and prices fair.I had a good experience here. i would recommend cut noodles they are very good, also the won ton noodles have a delicate flavor and is good too. I have uploaded some photos of my experience. please give this place a try ... i will be taking my coworkers.
5	I came to Beijing Noodle after I saw decent reviews on Yelp, and my best friend who is newly vegetarian said she really liked it.I called here on a Sunday night and they didn't answer. I just wanted to make sure they were open before I made the drive.I arrive with my cousin to a small restaurant with an odd red tinge in their lighting. Oh, yes! They were open, duh.I am greeted by the most awkward duo of servers. They both ask how many and wasn't seated until the fourth time; no big deal but I start to think of a possible language barrier-WHICH IS AWESOME!There menu is small, cute, and cheap.I hate when menus at restaurants are overly huge..It consists of different types of noodles and also your typical fair of Chinese food.I particularly wanted noodles! There are no descriptions of the dishes except what their title is so good luck.Also, our server needed help from the owner ( I think he was the owner ) when taking our orders, not a problem.. Just a note.After our canned sodas..We start with the pork dumplings in chili oil. I have to say, I was a bit disappointed. The sauce was not spicy. Had it been JUST chili oil, I think the dish would have been more successful. It was just 4.99. Still good.For my dish I ordered Beijing Noodles in black bean sauce. Since there is no item description, you just have to go by the title. I had no idea what type of other ingredients I'd be getting but the noodles and sauce.Also, I order sweet and sour pork and Chinese fried rice.My noodles arrive FAST for a restaurant, but piping hot. I look and see meat in the dish and the serving for just over 6 bucks is big and enough to share.The dish includes noodles, Chinese pickles, horse radish or ginger, and marinated beef chunks. This was really good! You could taste all the single ingredients so each bite was different and tasty depending on what ingredient you got. Also, the noodles are definitely the star of the dish as the other ingredients were cut small.I won't say much about the sweet and sour pork or fried rice except they were really good and what you'd except from a Chinese restaurant. The Chinese sausage fried rice being exceptionally good with nice sized pieces of the Chinese sausage as opposed to little sprinkles of it. The sweet and sour sauce was definitely home made as it had a more gentle taste than those overly sweet versions of the dish.For two sodas, our appetizer dumplings, a noodle dish, fried rice, and a chicken entree, or meal was $30.00 even.It was a really good price for the offering and I'll definitely be going back. Just some notes:The place is big but has very limited seating. Four or five booths line one side of the restaurant with a few tables on the opposing side. I'm sure this place gets busy during peak hours.Also, we were the only non Chinese group there which is awesome because everyone seemed really happy.Our waitress and our selves may have had a language barrier, but their service is very sweet/sincere/effective and also genuinely wanted us to enjoy the meal.Lunch specials I believe range from 6 dollars. This includes entree soup or salad and choice of rice. Definitely going to try for lunch!
5	Its highly unlikely you'll find fresh, hand-pulled noodles (complete with a show) outside the Las Vegas Strip or your nearby Panda Express for that matter. That combined with Beijing Noodle Cafe's prices, they can't be beat. Sure they have the typical anglicized Chinese food suspects here as well, but they obviously shine through with their noodle dishes, and boy do they hit the mark. Beijing's environment is clean but decoratively could maybe use some music and a little sprucing up but who gives a damn, this is one of the better noodle joints in town. You can clearly taste and feel the difference in texture as you take your first bite. I had a chow fun or Thai pad see ew like dish which was real good. My only complaint was that I wish our server didn't take it away before I had the chance to lick the bowl. I always hope family run places like this and Big Wong's on the Westside remain a hit as they do provide such high quality, delicious food @ incredibly reasonable prices amidst this faltering economy.
3	This place reminds me of the noodle house in the Caesars Palace, they make everything to order, which is great. I was expecting Chinese cuisine but they cater to An American palate, but it was still good.
4	Thanks to yelp, and Judd L's terrific review, we raced to BNC today for lunch.  I used his review as my cheat sheet because it sounded pretty comprehensive and great way to start to me.  Sadly the A-s aren't on the lunch menu anymore, BUT, we were able to order them from the dinner menu... And seated at a big table, our order of M1 (which is N1 on the lunch menu now), N4, P1, plus hot & sour soup along with both a chicken curry dish and the chicken nugget soup were pretty much devoured...there were only 4 of us...  No noodle making demos during lunch though.   We enjoyed everything - the noodles were delicious, slurpy, chewy, fresh and wonderful.  The pork and chive dumplings were divine, but ours today didn't come with their slurry "party hat" (seen in review pictures) which I think elevates dumplings far beyond simple potsticker status...  Their hot and sour soup - an ongoing yelp chat quixotic quest to find the best in town  - is pretty damned remarkable and worth remembering.  Theirs has that black vinegar sting that I LOVE which sort of takes your breath away when you swallow.  The ingredients are fresh and bright... the perfect cure for anything that might ail you... and if that doesn't work, try P1 - I think someone called their Beef Noodle Soup a marriage of pho and ramen...the broth was spicey, not with heat but with complexity -- and those noodles!  What we liked the least were the americanized Chinese dishes - those I'll be sure and steer clear of - but one of our guests wasn't a fan of pork so we wanted to make sure he had a little something extra - we gave this dish a definite C-, while the others were stars in their own right, even on a hot day in July.   I'd go back for dumplings, the hot and sour soup and to try the sold out scallion pancake alone... but oh, the slurpy goodness of those noodles.   And I've yet to have the beveled noodles... can't wait!This may prove to be my undoing - given that it's so much easier to get to during lunch than Chinatown... And the puzzle pieces are bhttp://www.yelp.com/eginning to fit together -- if this is the chef from Caesar's Beijing Noodle #9, then that explains why BN9 has hired the chef from China Mama...  Location: fortunately mentioned in yelp previously (or I wouldn't have clued in), this is the old Long Life Vegetarian place, located next door to Filfila, my current favorite Egyptian restaurant - in a godforsaken strip mall on the south east corner of Flamingo and Sandhill... don't let that be a put off...this is worth the excursion.  Service:  not that great, but not unbearable - but could use a little more focus...  Enjoy folks...this is a great new addition to the east side!  Yay!
4	You know how sometimes you crave really awful, cheap, greasy, Chinese takeout...and order it the way celebrities do in the movies? This is the place to try (minus the awful and greasy). I got the sweet n sour chicken and veggie chow mein and OH MY EFFING GOD it was awesome. Even the leftovers were awesome. Even the delivery service was awesome. Even the....you get my point of awesomness?My bf got the mongolian beef and pretty much ate it without trying to breathe. Perfectly spiced and tender. I just ate and I'm craving it.  Then watch some kung-fu movies and relax.
5	Ive a born and raised las vegan. Ive never been to a chinese restaurant in vegas that has HAND PULLED NOODLES. this has to be the first one! The owner/ chef comes out and prepares the hand pull noodles in the dining area. You can tell by the quality and texture of hand pulled noodles!Thanks Judd L for the recommendation!The walnut shrimp were pretty big shrimps, tasty, and not tough!Under the noodles with sauce, thats one of the selections where you can get hand pulled noodles.I got the chicken and mushroom sauce with hand pull noodles. it was delicious! it was flavorful and not salty! it's a good size bowl of noodles. You won't be disappointed with the size especially since its 6.95. I also got the pork and chives pot stickers! they were turned updown which apparently is how its done in some places in china. it was crispy and delicious!i will definitely be back because of their prices, quality, flavor, and cleanliness. If know Mandarin, most of the employees speak that dialect.
5	tried more today - the wontons in chili oil - shaped like tiny goldfish - are insanely delicious.   They're perfect for chopstix competitions and for looking like a total dork - trust me, if you're uncoordinated, use your fork - or you'll have a Pretty Woman moment and watch helplessly as one goes flying through the air onto the floor or into your dining companion's lap.vegetable pancake - delicious.  the crust is hand twisted and is art.  They make a dumpling with the same filling.  spicy noodles in the appetizer section is a refreshing noodle salad - a hidden gem. tried the beef and onion dumplings today - finally got my lacey top hat - and they were worth waiting for.  Be sure and ask for the special homemade spicy sauce... We learned a secret today - you can substitute any of their noodles in any of their dishes,even at lunch - so today we had spicy Szechuan chicken with beveled noodles.  I had to reacquaint myself with my tide to go because I made an epic mess of my shirt...but it was worth it.   These are noodles unlike anything you've had before, unless you grew up on them... Toya, the lead in the front of house, visited with me today.  She explained that her husband, who was the noodle chef brought over to be the demo noodle chef at B#9 at Caesars, still works there -- and runs this restaurant with her.  He has two students who work with him - and they alternate between the two restaurants.  (Actually I think this is brilliant - Lord knows we need to train more folks to be good noodle pullers and to love Vegas...)  and how awesome is it that we don't have to go to the strip (or to Chinatown) to have cuisine this authentic, this handmade, this delicious.  They do deliver - but only within a 2 mile radius.  Fortunately they're on my way home from work...but at night, they actually have noodle pulling demos - as you can see from the pics below.  And nothing tastes the same after a long car ride home in syrofoam... but this is the kind of Chinese food that makes you wonder why you ever suffer the injustices done by bad neighborhood delivery joints.  The rubbery dumplings (if you can insult dumplings by calling them that)...the msg laden glop, the revolting fried whatever that all tastes the same.  Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.  I just can't get enough of the appetizers...but do be kind...if they're busy at lunch, don't order them - because I learned today it takes 8 minutes to do one order of the lacey dumplings alone...  and because all their food is from scratch - she hates disappointing folks - and backing up the kitchen.  I can understand that - and respect her - and I want their business to be booming - just not when I'm there so I can drown myself in their dumpling deliciousness.  I'd die happy.go, eat.
5	This Place is Crazy Good! Wontons in Chili Oil...Are you kidding me? Off the hook!Homemade noodles are made right in front of you. We ordered four dishes and each one was a home-run. The Sichuan chicken with wide noodles was about the best noodle dish I've ever had anywhere...including Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, and China. Brilliant!
3	I really don't want to write this.  But my last two visits have been just average, bordering on not very good.My first trip I had the Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup (on the restaurant menu as Special House Soup) and it was amazing!  The flavor was rich and flavorful, every bite was in perfect balance.  I followed that up with the Beijing Zha Jiang Mein with Noodles (again it has a different name on the restaurant menu).  These were good, amazingly flavorful but served colder than I would expect.  Still the end result was I was telling everyone about the great Chinese restaurant I found and counting the days till I could go back and sample some more dishes.My second trip I made the mistake of ordering some of the "Americanized Chinese" dishes.  The hot and sour soup tasted like Apple Cider Vinegar (not good), the General Tso's chicken tasted funky (in a bad way) and the fried rice was bland.  The Orange Chicken was surprisingly light and tasty.  These were a let down, but I had read other people's reviews so I backed up the order with another Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup and a Schezuan Eggplants with Knife cut noodles.  This time the soup was too salty, too oily, and completely out of balance, plus the noodles weren't fully cooked.  The Schezuan Eggplant had tomato in it (which might have been okay if they were cooked but they were cold) and the noodles were doughy and raw in places.So I went a third time, hoping that the last visit was just a fluke.  Unfortunately, it was again just meh.  The Homemade Tofu with noodles had amazing tofu with bland undercooked noodles.  And the Beijin Wonton Noodle Soup had a beautiful aroma but the broth was lackluster, bordering on bland and the wontons were also nothing to write home about.The service here is great, the family that owns it friendly, and they are about 3 minutes from my house.  So I'll probably end up going back again.  But in the meantime, I'm no longer singing their praises.  Hopefully these two visits were just growning pains since they have only been open a couple of months.
4	Their noodles are absolutely delicious! Right when you walk in, you can tell this is a family oriented restaurant. The location is kind of far away for me which makes it a hassel. Everyone working in the restaurant is super friendly and I think the owner was going around asking all the customers how they were doing. I ordered the hong you chao shou (won ton in chili oil) for an appetizer and boy were they delish! They had the right amount of spice and hotness in the sauce. For the entree, I had the mushroom egg stir fry noodle and the beef noodle soup. You have the option of knife shaved noodle or just the long ones. My favorite between the two would have to be the beef noodle one because it had such as strong flavor and noodles were extra chewy just the way I like. The mushroom one was kind of bland but it was still filled with lots of mushrooms.  Noodles were about $7 a bowl.If you are a big fan of hand-pulled noodles, this is a must try!
5	O.M.G!!!For all the people that like noodles, your gonna fall in love with them here! Totally hand made and if your lucky you'll get to see them make it first hand like we did. They bang, stretch, pull, toss, twirl, and cut it right in front of you. What an experience to watch while waiting for your food. Very friendly service and the owner is willing to recommend dishes describing the way it's prepared. Listen carefully she is very soft spoken. Wether your in the mood for tossed noodles or noodle soup you can't go wrong. Just remember to try the cut noodles and the pork and chive pot-stickers are the best I've ever had. I wish they had one in SF.
2	I was really sad when my Beijing Zha Jiang Mein tasted really bland...My BF's Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup was kinda tasteless too.  The noodles have a good texture to them though. The Pork Wonton in Red Chili Oil was good, but the wontons are really tiny. SIGH.  :'(
5	Oh so noodley good! So much flavor, very fresh. What a great find! Perfect service. Great dining experience, and I'll be back many times, for sure.
4	On my first (and only to date) visit here - sampled the noodles and dumplings - very good quality - everything tasted very fresh in terms of ingredients and preparation - a little on the pricey side on an absolute basis for a neighborhood joint, but the quality of the food was far greater than a typical neighborhood asian restaurant, and the menu and preparation definitely had an authentic quality to it, as opposed to 'Americanized' food.  If you are a drinker  - be warned - they have no beer of liquor license (although we amusing saw some patrons, after sitting down, get up and stroll over to the 7-11 across Sandhill and bring some tall boys in to complete their meal - score one for resourcefulness for these patrons caught in a pinch...
5	Just keeps getting better....Last night had Lan Zhou noodle soup - so complex, spicy, delicious and amazing.  Not easy to share, but I watched in amazement as the chef served it up for us between two bowls and cut the noodles with chopstickx like they were knives... I wish I could do that. Bevel knife cut noodles with Spicy Eggplant - brilliant - I almost had to fight my husband for a bite...Wontons & beef dumplings - impossible to resist and still as the first time I tasted them.Spicy Tofu -- finally found one thing - only one thing I wasn't crazy about and that in itself is shocking.  But the deal is, I really hate tofu - I just figured if anyplace could make me love it, BNC could...  so I cannot hold it against them...For the first time, we were honored by their tapioca -- what a treat.  Like dessert caviar...My husband, who's incredibly difficult to please, fell in love with it as much as I...then asked if we could go every Sunday...  Yes!  I hope more folks will try it.  The owners couldn't be more charming or accommodating... Loved that we got to watch the noodle pulling last night...I'd only been for lunch previously.  They have their new menu now -- lots of dishes have been cut...but things seem to be focusing, flavors brighter, tastier.
5	Hand-pulled noodles...enough said!No, seriously...they are the star of Beijing Noodle Cafe and it would be a crime if you didn't order them.My trusty Yelp app reminded me I was in the neighborhood and not only did we recently read about this restaurant in the local paper, but Paul Y. was raving about place to the Husband.  As soon as I checked in, I realized fellow yelper Andy T. was just here and he quickly sent us a message telling us what we had to order!  Located in a strip mall, this hole in the wall mom and pop restaurant is quaint and simply decorated with pictures of the menu items and hanging red lanterns.  Of course, the very clean fish tank is something you can't miss when you walk in.We were given a lunch menu - on one side featured lunch specials, but the other side was where the specialty noodles were offered.  We shared:* Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup ($6.95) - Hand pulled noodles in a very light aromatic broth with wood ear mushrooms and sliced beef.  It was very flavorful and we were quite impressed.* Szechuan Eggplant with Noodles ($6.95) - Hand pulled noodles with a stir-fry of eggplant, tomatoes and garlic sitting on top.  Again, very good and quite rich.  Although both dishes had the same noodles, they were showcased quite differently in broth versus sauce.  Once you eat a freshly made noodle, it's hard to want anything else.While we waited for our order, we inquired about when the demonstration for noodle pulling takes place.  The waiter told us that the chef was out, but usually during the evenings.  The chef came in a few minutes later and he started making our noodles.  It was quite impressive and definitely entertaining.  At that point, the female owner explained more about the different sizes of noodles offered (small, medium or large - although she recommends medium), and that they the hand cut noodles into water as well.  (If you've seen Bizarre Foods, you know what I'm talking about here!)  She also mentioned their appetizer dumplings as being made to order.  We initially thought they weren't offered at lunch because it wasn't on the lunch menu we were given and per another yelper's review.  On the contrary, it IS available!  Sweet!  So we added:* Pork Wonton in Red Chili Sauce ($4.95) - Twelve little handmade morsels sitting in a deadly chili oil sauce.  They were fresh and light, and not your average wonton.* Pork and Chives Potstickers ($4.95) - They came in a set of six that were pan fried and just filled to the brim with pork and chives.  It also came with a dipping sauce, and you can really tell the freshness of this potsticker.  They told us it takes 8 minutes for them to make it, but I think it took less.We're loving Beijing Noodle Cafe and we think you will too!  Be sure to ask the friendly lady owner for suggestions because she is more than helpful and willing to please.  You'll find out taking out-of-towners here for sure!
5	Sam is one of the best Asian chefs in Nevada: a genuine purist with the highest standards and a deep sense of authenticity. At the moment, he's secretly elevating the Asian food at Wynn. No one will tell you that, but at least they had the good sense to hire him.As opposed to Beijing Noodle #9 who fired him, when that uber-clown John Curtas blurted out in his goofball review that Sam worked at BN9 during the day and at his wife's restaurant at night. Curtas should be ashamed of himself. But he's too busy chasing sleazy blonde hostesses to even be aware of the damage he did.Curtas defines the word "douche". When will Las Vegas foodies realize that and marginalize him? Soon I hope.Anyway, I'm still going once or twice a week...can't get enough of hand-pulled asian noodles.Now they have an expanded menu which can mean only one thing.....MORE NOODLE DISHES!!!!!Try the noodle soup with 28 spices, including ginseng. Amazing. And be sure to ask for the house-made chili-oil...none of that red crap in a bottle here!If you've ever tried to find handmade asian noodles in other cities, you know how special this is.The only downside....I don't go to my usual Spring Mountain haunts as much anymore.
4	Cayenne E. invited me on a girl's night out and we both gravitated toward Beijing Noodle Cafe on our bookmark list.  Honestly, Teri C.'s compelling review made our mouths water.  We decided we must order a few noodle dishes.  We got homemade tofu with veggies and noodles, the Lan Zhou beef noodle soup, and the vegetable pancake.  The appetizer came out last but it was so tasty - crispy but not greasy.  We got several side sauces with our meal but I liked the sweet soy the best with the veg pancake.The tofu was very delicate with cabbage, carrots, broccoli, water chestnuts, and the evil but avoidable celery.  The soup had a nice broth, lots of herbs including cilantro, tender sliced beef, black mushrooms, and green onions.  The noodles were soooo long and luscious.  I joked with Cayenne that I knew they were handpulled because I pulled them out of the soup bowl by hand (hyuk yuk ha).  I also called them octopus noodles because they had a mind of their own!We really enjoyed the dishes and the appetizer.  It was allll gone in our tummies, and the price is very reasonable.  This was almost like a date night (Eric R. out of town and I told Rob O. to be unavailable).  Then we headed off to Atomic #7 to cap off the fun.  I will definitely come back to try more NOODLES and maybe the spicy eggplant :)  Thanks Teri C.!
5	Please make my noodles BY HAND! Thanks! SERIOUSLY!!! They hand pull their noodles here. If you are lucky (or you just ask) the chef will even come out and pull noodles. Amazing! And you can taste the difference! The noodles are so delicious!I always have the mushroom and beef noodles. Oh wow! So flavorful and rich. We shared the wontons in chili sauce appetizer last time and it was so good. I don't even like spicy food but it was goooooood!This place is located in a small strip mall and you could miss it if your not looking. It is quaint and clean and the staff is always friendly. If you are looking for not only a good meal, but a neat experience you should stop by. Trust me, Beijing is not that far! LOL
5	Oh man this place is great! They have "la mian" and "Dao Xiao Mian"! Their potsticker is great too!!! Have to try!
5	If you have $3000 to spend at the drop of a nickel.  Then don't go to Beijing Noodle Cafe.  I would recommend instead buying a plane ticket and  flying to China and enjoying the local culinary delights there as seen on most of the travel channel food shows.BUT!  most likely you don't.  And it will be long time before you can save up that money and really enjoy the fine cuisine and culture of the illustrious country of China.  So!Don't be sad or disheartened by the cruel realizations of just not being rich enough to travel. Beijing Noodle Cafe brings it you and all at under $7 a bowl of steaming hand pulled deliciousness of carbs.This place deserves five stars for bringing that experience to our city. They deserve it for actually giving a shit about the quality of their ingredients and serving the best damn wontons with homemade chili oil! Who cares if it's a lil ghetto! who cares if it's in the ghettos! who cares if the tall jackass server is an idiot and mildly offends with his inability to even make eye contact,  If you deducted stars on those reasons you must have flown to China.No? well, then you are an idiot. Be thankful that we can have some authenticity in this city and go eat there now!Definitely order the wonton, pot stickers,  zha jiang mian, and beef nugget soup.  I plan on trying everything on their menu.
4	It felt strange heading east and not west to Spring Mountain Chinatown for Asian food. No crazy drivers to avoid and no fighting for a parking space. Beijing Noodle is East of the strip on Flamingo & Sandhill and parking is a breeze. The restaurant is small with only about ten tables but clean. The service was a little spotty - it took a while to get my order placed and the woman kept asking me from across the room if I had ordered with the waiter which I told her no several times. She finally came over and took my order. My order the pork and chive pan fried dumplings with dipping sauce and I followed with the beef nugget soup with the flat pulled noodles. The dumplings were decent but I noticed only one side of the dumplings was pan fried and some of the inside was only lukewarm! The Beef nugget soup was flavorful and contained black fungus mushroom which was a first I've seen in Beef noodle soup. The hand made noodles were definitely the spotlight of the soup. Beijing Noodle Cafe claims they use no MSG which is a plus too. I would probably return here again to try some of their other entrees which seemed unique compared to other Chinese restaurants.
4	i like this place, the noodle soup is very tasty. I would recommend to my friends This restaurant is comparable to the chinese restaurant in Southern California, maybe even better Impressive....
4	4 1/2 stars. Came back here b4 I caught my flight back to So Cal on a Friday. They open at 11:00 am and I was the first customer to arrive for lunch. Since they make their own noodles I wanted a dish without rice. I saw the lunch special of Kung Pao fish with rice but I requested that they make this with noodles for me and would pay additional. The waitress who I suspect is the owner said they haven't made this before and she wasn't sure how it would turn out. Well with fresh made noodles how could I go wrong? The fish was battered and deep fried and then stir fried with bell peppers, onions, chili peppers and peanuts. It was so yummy especialy with the fresh noodles!I'll be returning to check out additional dishes when I'm back in L.V.
5	We tried this on Yelp reviews and I concur.  The service was first rate, the food delicious and the prices really reasonable.  I tried curry, this was the best I've had in Vegas yet.  Will definitely be returning!!!!!
4	I stumbled across this hole in the wall after eavesdropping on a conversation with my parents' friends and whenever the subject of Asian eats comes up amongst the OG (Old Guard), I'm like the dog Dug in the movie "Up" where I suddenly lose track of my current conversation and think "Squirrel!!!" since I place a great deal of credibility when I hear phrases like "this place reminds me of dishes I grew up with in Taiwan or China."  I was specifically advised to get their hand-pulled noodles so I went with the following:Spicy wonton appetizer with chili sauce-  I was skeptical since this is a traditional Szechuan dish and while the sauce was up to par in flavor, the wontons themselves were off the mark.  They were like little flat ravioli with a hint of meat and while the pasta portion had a good texture, the ratio of meat to pasta was much too low.  Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup - A popular street food in the northern Chinese province of its namesake, this dish consists of thin hand pulled noodles with sliced beef, mushrooms, several aromatic freshly chopped herbs, and a nice sheen of chili oil with intense notes of garlic and peppercorns.  Unctuous chewy noodle nirvana which is spicy enough to warm you up on a cold rainy day but not overpowering where you lose sensation on the tongue or end up needing to change your shirt from profuse sweating.  Dao Xiao Mian(aka "Knife cut" noodles)- this dish consists of thick noodles served with a various meats/veggies (I recommend the pork which has a nice layer of crispy fat, along with mushrooms and scrambled egg) to be mixed upon presentation so called because the chef literally takes a long tube of dough and uses a knife to flick the noodles into the boiling pot of water.  Definitely best enjoyed on the premises since there is a tendency for the noodles to clump together over time and it's all about the texture.  If there was a scale for "al dente" from 0-10 where zero is the flaccid noodles soaking in water at your local Sbarro, this would register an 11 (as in 1 louder on Spinal Tap).  If you want to go healthier, can opt for a different choice of meat or request that eggs not be included.The owner's wife was very sweet and attentive and although I did not get the chance to see the noodles made, I have read in other reviews that he occasionally comes out to do public noodle pullings on request.  Ambience is a little drab with a predominant red hue, but based on the strip mall where it is located, one might as well have the complete hole-in-the-wall decor to keep it a local secret.
4	Their pork & mushroom noodles rock!
5	Wow, who would've though a place like this would have hand pulled noodles? Decidedly sketchy creepy plaza, but don't judge a book by its cover. Food is delicious and the price is right.
4	The noodles are simply delicious here.  They have different varieties with thickness so be sure to ask. We tried the #1 in the Noodles and Sauce section -- Noodles with Sliced Pork and Mushrooms.  The noodles had great al dente texture and it reminded me of simple home comfort chinese food.  Be sure to mix in the hot chili oil and other condiments they provide for a little kick.In addition, we ordered the Beef Nugget soup (#2) which was tasty - I could really taste the 5 spice in the soup.  I think the #1 - the Lan Zhou spicy one will be much better.Unfortuntately I am not as big a fan of the dumplings as some of the other Yelpers.  Don't get me wrong - they're good but I found it to be a little oily.  I like the way they serve it upside down.  If you're in a smal group, perhaps order one because they're still pretty good.  I'd still rather get dumplings at Noodle Pot.Overall, the star of the show here is the noodles.  I would recommend only ordering the noodle dishes between stir fries and soups and varying the types of noodles.
4	This is a small husband/wife operated restaurant where the wife serves as manager and waitress while the husband and his 2 apprentices make the same hand drawn noodles as at the highly (expensive) regarded Beijing Noodle No. 9 in Caesars.  We started with an order of vegetable spring rolls that were light and flavorful. We also shared a bowl of Lan Zhou noodle soup which was delicious, but a bit too spicy for Ann.
5	I have 7 days left in Vegas before going back to the military life and I plan to eat here at least 4 of the remaining days. I found my new favorite spot in Vegas. Its located perfectly in the sketchy east side of Vegas. This will keep bourgy hipsters away from here which is cool but will do bad for the business.Hand-pulled noodles, whoa. When you try the noodles, you'll be disappointed going to other chinese restaurants. This place is not americanized, and stays true to their culture.Sooo delicious, I ordered another entree. The pork wonton with homemade chili sauce was bomb. The Lan Zhou Beef noodle soup was better than any noodles I've had. Its makes Pho taste Pho-king lame. Lasr meal was the sliced pork and mushrooms, not as good as the Lan Zhou soup but still good.This is like Casino Royale, you can watch it just about every other day.Much better than Passion of the christ, and better than Lethal Weapon 4.
5	Wow. You never know what you will find in a strip mall in Las Vegas. Thank you Yelp. The noodles were excellent. We had five different dishes.  The beef noodle soup, the chicken noodle soup, pork and mushroom with flat noodles, the spicy cold noodles Szechuan style, and the small pork wontons in spicy sauce. Wow. Flavor complexity like I have rarely encountered in the beef noodle soup. Bold. Delicious. The owners care. I am looking forward to going back.
5	The Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup is by far the best noodle soup I've ever had. Period. I love Pho, I love Hong Sau Beef noodle soup, but the dish here, is by far the winner of them all. I asked the Chef forsome recomendations and he brought out a few more dishes and they did not disappoint one bit, Sam, the owner and Exec Chef there is amazing at what he does, the way he creates those magical noodles,it really is a work of art. I also had their potstickers, and their dumplings in chili oil sauce. I went with a friend and our total bill was under $25. The cuisine is more northern china and I've got to say it 100% beats out any chinese restaurant on Spring Mountain. Ignore the fact it's on the east side. If you like chinese food that doesn't taste like it's been molested by MSG and isn't a replica of Panda Express, then come here, and enjoy. Fresh made noodles!! For the love of god!!
5	OK so I have to admit, I have been putting off writing a review cause this is one of those places you worry will become too crowded to get a table when you want one...Its a real GEM! Being the selfish person I am, I was going to try and keep it a secret- but being the big mouth I am I just can't stop talking about it. I dream of their fried dumplings and their szechuan noodles constantly and wanted to return the next day to get more. What should I do? I guess I should tell you all to go there and join you! AMAZING Chinese food, probably the closest thing I have found in town to the real deal! I want to go there right now! OH YEAH!
4	Beijing Noodle Cafe is one of those blink-and-you'll-miss it establishments, tucked into a questionable shopping center that hides it's secret of tasty cuisine well. Like Cory B., I almost didn't want to share a good review of Beijing Noodle Cafe because I want to keep it to myself however the food is too good not to write about!Upon Yelp recommendations I've ordered the Lan zhou beef noodle soup which is the perfect cold weather soup and good enough to crave in the blistering summer months. The broth is rich without being overly salty and the beef to noodle proportion is perfect! The beef is tender and sliced perfectly thin, but the mushrooms in this soup are the real winner. I' m not sure what kind they are, but for me the texture was really...satisfying. They're soft with a little crunch and give the broth the edge that has me daydreaming about the soup on sad lunch days at work (you know, those days where you end up with a bag of baby carrots and a handful of wheat thins out of unpreparedness or lack of time).I've also had the Szechwan eggplant which was filling enough to make this carnivore happy.  I've had the pork and chive potstickers and the pork wonton in red chili sauce as appetizers-of the two I liked the wontons better, but both were delicious! The chives were a little overwhelming for me in the potstickers, but they came with a great dipping sauce that helped mellow them out.My only ding would be service which can be spotty but friendly. They don't  have a soda fountain so their beverages come out of cans. They also don't serve Coke products which I found out upon being served a Diet Pepsi without being asked.This place is ridiculously cheap-almost so much so that it feels like stealing when the check comes.  There's nothing fancy about Beijing Noodle Cafe but the food is all the fancy that you'll need. The dishes are large enough to share, so come with friends and have everyone order something different! Beijing Noodle Cafe is not to be overlooked and worth a quick scoot through a questionable parking lot.
5	Man I love me some noodles and I've been dying to try this place.  Problem is, it's on the other end of town and I wasn't sure if there was even anything I could eat, being a vegetarian and all.  We tried calling ahead to see if there's anything suitable for vegetarians on the menu, but we were having a little bit of a language barrier.  The super cute voice on the line told me that I just need to come in and let them know I was veg and they'll find something for me.  Well, ok I guess we'll give it a shot....We got to Beijing Noodle Cafe and it's just a small place and nothing super fancy.  But nondescript places like these are the ones I always end up falling in love with.  When I got inside, I met the cute little voice I talked to on the phone and she ended up being a cute little lady that tried her best to answer our questions.  But, unfortunately, there was still a bit of a language barrier.  I asked several times if there was any chicken broth or fish-based sauces in the meat-free menu items and she said that they were ok.  I'm just hoping that they were alright- especially since they were amazing and I want to go back.  Like, today.We started with the vegetable pancake and it was soooo good.  It was nicely fried without being greasy and it tasted great with the sweet soy sauce.  My husband ordered the Kung Pao Tofu and it had a nice blend of fried tofu, veggies, sauce, and of course those incredible noodles.  The noodles were nice and chewy and perfectly cooked.  The portion was huge and he was in love.I originally ordered the Homemade Tofu, but the owner(? chef?) stopped over to the table and said he recommended the Tomato Egg Noodle Soup.  I again asked if there was chicken broth or anything non-veg and they said it was ok.  I honestly wasn't sure if I was going to like it since tomato and egg doesn't really seem like the best combo (scrambled eggs with ketchup baffles me)- but I decided that I was in for adventure.  So, I heeded the words of the random guy.Usually my instinct is right, but I am more than happy to say it was wrong this day.  Mr. Random Guy gave me some excellent advice because the Tomato Egg Noodle Soup was amazing.  The broth had a lot of flavor from the tomatoes, egg, and soy and it worked great with those yumtastic homemade noodles.  I slurped it down and smiled contently while hoping that my husband wouldn't want to steal them from me.  He did.  My husband isn't a big fan of eggs and even he gobbled up this delicious soup.With bellies full to the brim, we got the check and saw a grand total of..... 21 dollars.  21 bucks for a ton of food!  Between the price, the friendliness of the staff, and the overall goodness of our food, I think it's fair to give this place 5 stars.
5	The environment for this place is very nice, but not too fancy. The staff is very friendly. The LAN Zhou beef noodle is a must get if you come here. It is tasty! I will definately come back here to eat it again.
5	Absolutely awesome!!! The pork mushroom noodle is my new favorite dish in Las Vegas. Unreal flavors that explode on the palate. Yes, they have the usual American items, but the real magic is the Lan Zhou noodles and the authentic potstickers and won tons (not the frozen pre-made food service stuff that most restaurants serve). Truly awesome and prices are cheap! We ordered 2 entrees and 2 appetizers and our bill was $25 before tip.
4	This was my first time here due to the Yelp reviews I had Eric take us here.  I am in awe the different between fresh made noodles to just store bought.  As I write this I'm noshing on my left over shrimp chow mein from last night's meal.  It's sooooo good. The Lan Zhou Beef Noodle was so yummy with its spiciness.  Too bad they are so far from where I live.
1	Living in Las Vegas for five years, I've learned that unless you put out some hefty funds, it's very difficult to find acceptable food at most restaurants. I'm afraid that the locals have lowered their standards for food due to availability of affordable quality restaurants.  Noodles are my favorite food in general and I've eaten street food from Hong Kong to Beijing and have pretty much enjoyed everything that I've ever had from a street vendor in China. The food at Beijing Noodle Cafe in Las Vegas was harsh while eating it then continued to cause my (iron) stomach to churn for the next ten hours. We ordered two dishes (one recommended by the waitress) and neither were even close to acceptable. Do yourself a favor and stay away.
5	I can't stay away!!  Luckily, this is 1 mile from my home, score!  Up until this week I ate the same dish over and over the M1 or Pork with Mushroom and Noodles.  The first time I went in I was going to try one of my standby orders for Chinese like Kung Pao or something.  The owner told me I didn't want that, so I asked him what I wanted and he told me this is a noodle restaurant try the noodles.  So I told him I was in his hands bring me what he thought I should try and he brought me the M1 mentioned above.  DELICIOUS, the flavors pop on your tongue the noodles are made perfectly.  Every time I went I ordered it and the potstickers (the best I've had, either kind are great).This week friends came to town so all 7 of us headed over there and we all ordered a different dish so it really allowed me to get a good sampling of the menu.  All of the dishes were delicious.  The eggplant and Kung Pao were yummy and the Sweet and Sour chicken was great too.  Everyone loved my standby noodle dish and raved on the potstickers so much we had to order more (2 more!).  The bill was $72 for 7 entrees and 3 apps and 7 people left stuffed!  What more could you want in a restaurant??!
1	I don't know what everyone is raving about, but to me this place definitely doesn't live up to the 4 and 1/2 star rating.   I went there for lunch yesterday and was totally disappointed with their Lan Zhou beef noodle soup.  I was shocked when my order arrived.  Did I just order a bowl of broth? Where's the noodles?  What came to my table was a large bowl of broth with only a few strands of noodles in it and three paper thin slices of beef.  The beef was so thin that I couldn't even tell what they tasted like.  I should have taken a picture of my bowl, definitely not like the pictures that have been posted.  Did they run out of noodles today?  What a total rip off for $7.50 plus tips.  Definitely not the place to go if you are hungry. The flavour of the broth was okay, but not worth the drive if you live far away.  I gave them one star because the service was okay.
5	Super delicious and great prices. The freshly made chili sauce is as good as it gets. I could use that stuff on everything.
4	After eating so badly the whole weekend we had to turn to Yelp for something hearty and I was specifically craving wonton soup so we came upon Beijing Noodle Cafe to try. They had lunch specials at the time we came so we decided to order a chicken and broccoli entree which comes with soup, rice, a fried wonton. I decided to get my wonton noodle soup which was also available on their lunch specials for $6.95. There were a lot of reviews raving about their dumplings as well so we had to order some beef and onion pan fried dumplings. Everything came out shortly except the dumplings since they took a bit longer. I really enjoyed our meal especially the wonton noodle soup. They used a slightly thicker noodle than I'm used to but it was still delicious. I'm sure they can substitute for different noodles if asked. Our overall total came out to be less than $20 which is not bad at all! We left full and ready for the long drive home.
4	My friend and I decided to try different restaurant every friday, and Beijing Noodle Cafe happened to be very close to us and after checking reviews on yelp, we decided to give it a try, I ordered the Lanzhou Beef noodle soup, and My friend ordered the Beijing black been noodles. the black bean noodles were a little bit salty; however, the Lan Zhou Beef Noodle soup is lip smackingly delicious; if you want to try any noodle dish, you should try this dish. Lan Zhou Beef NOodle soup has an herbal flavor into it and it reminded me of our Vietnamese pho, If you love noodles and you love Chinese foods, then you should check it out
5	it is amazing noodle place, especially in east side of town! try their mushu noodle or tamato egg noodle.
5	My husband and me went to this place and we loved it, after reading all the reviews, we decidet to try and it was worth it.  The noodles were great and the service was very friendly.
5	Got noodle?  Yes.  Where?  Beijing Noodle Cafe of Las Vegas!I was recovering from a flu/food-poisoning, and as I was on the mend -- soup, particularly noodle soup, is what this non-medical professional prescribed to self.Searching online from my hotel room on the strip, Beijing Noodle Cafe rose to the top with it's 4+ star rating and FRESH made noodles.  Next step, muster up energy.I take the elevator downstairs, and take the long walk thru the lobby of the Luxor.  Hobbling and wobbling, all-the-while not drunk, I finally reach valet to retrieve my car.  Next step, find it.About a 15 minute drive down Flamingo, east of the strip (only 10 if you're really hungry), I arrive at a not-the-best looking strip mall & parking lot.  I didn't see the sign at first...and began to worry it fell victim to the economy.  Alas, I see it and parked right near.  Next step, get it.I open the door, and find that I am a VIP today...a private place all to myself, no papparazis, no TMZ, and no bother.  At 315pm, It was a strange time to eat, even for LUNNER (lunch/dinner).  A lovely, sweet lady greeted me, and I found a nice table...with some sun on my back.  The decor was cute but not fancy, with chinese artifacts, artwork, and painted a pretty mint green.  Next step, stop looking at the decor and pick a fricken noodle.The menu was great!  They serve lunch specials late, and I was able to take advantage of it.  Lanzhou Beef Noodle was the choice (and like Seinfelds' George, I like it spicy), with a side of dumplings.  Next step, intend to order a little too much so I have leftovers.The noodles are made fresh to order, so it takes a few extra minutes.  This translated is, the soup isn't already made where they take a ladle and dish it out to you.  FRESH noodles are worth the extra 10 minutes.  Next step, Zen-like patience.The dumplings came out first.  Wow - they were huge and a bit oddly shaped.  Translation: homemade, and not pressed out of a machine.  Forgetting that I've been ill, energy came from somewhere and I furiously dig into dumpling #1.  Holy Potsticker Batman!  Dumpling #2 was even more fricken great!  It's served with homemade chili sauce/oil -- pure heaven.  Next step, stop after eating 2 dumplings or be too full for the soup.The soup comes out, and it was absolutely FULL with FRESH noodles, and lovely pieces of tender beef.  Wow.  This is a great bowl, and perfectly executed by the chef.  Tasty broth, tender beef, and amazing noodles.  Next step, slow down or splash the window.I ate all the soup, one more dumpling, and took 2 dumplings 'to go'.  I was full, and full of noodle happiness I was!  Next step, don't eat the 2 remaining dumplings in the car, no matter how good they smell.CONCLUSION -- Great place, great service, great prices, great small business to support, and 2 great cold dumplings later from my hotel.  That's a lot of great, and greatly deserved!   It's best for locals and those looking for off-strip, hassle-free dining.  Next step, your turn.
4	Get the noodles.  Hand-pulled noodles and hand-cut noodles made from scratch by a chef that has mastered the craft is hard to beat.After a quick survey of the simple menu, I ordered the appetizer Pork Wonton in Red Chili Sauce, Sliced Pork & Mushrooms with Hand-Pulled Noodles and finally added the Beijing Noodle Soup with Hand-pulled Noodles (although I had placed the order to use the Hand-Cut Noodles for comparison).The Pork Wonton in Red Chili Sauce was very good.  The dumpling filling felt dense while the wonton wrapper was delicate and soft, very good but not very spicy.  (Recommended!)The Sliced Pork & Mushrooms with Hand-Pulled Noodles (normally prepared with Hand-cut noodles) was delicious.  The noodles has that great texture, nice bite or very "Q Q Q" if expressed in Taiwanese. It definitely is in a different league compared to noodles served with machine made noodles trucked over from SoCal.  There are also a lot of mushrooms in this dish.  (Recommended!)Since I am not on a low calorie diet, I ordered the Beijing Noodle Soup (with Hand-cut Noodles, but was delivered the Hand-Pulled Noodles that it is normally prepared with).  The noodles is good, but I think it is better in the non-soup presentation.  The broth is pretty good, but not something that I would rave about. Again, I have been spoiled by trying Beef Noodle Soup from the #1 and #2 ranked Beef Noodle Soup shops in Taiwan.  It is definitely a restaurant I would come back again and again, if I am in the mood or in the vicinity.4 stars for the food and price. The value is pretty exceptional.  The repeat patronage factor is high.P.S.  Too bad the live demo of the hand-pulled noodle making process has been discontinued.
5	Far from the strip? YesFantastic Noodles? YesCracktastic Chili Sauce? Yes Cash Only? Yes Great spot well off the beaten path. A hole in the wall with great food, a clean fish tank and a kinda scary parking lot. The table had: Spring rolls - you can pass on these Green and oolong tea Lan Zhou - a bowl of awesome love and deliciousness Chicken Curry noodle - very good - just the right amount of kick Kung Pao chicken noodle - also very good. All in all worth the trek - the food will put you together from your Vegas wreck.
5	You love noodle? Then this is the place you must try. This is the greatest place I have ever been in las vegas. I love "Lanchou Noodle". It is almost the same as the lanchou noodle in China, soup need to be improved a little bit.
4	It's been a while since I've returned to Beijing Noodle Cafe but it seems gaining in popularity as a lunch spot. My order the Dan Dan noodles. Fresh pulled noodles, ground pork, spinach with what  I though was a peanut sauce.  I asked the owner and she advised me it's sesame paste. Next time your in check out the Dan Dan noodles - they are incredible. I was really surprised with how many Chinese speaking patrons there were here BC it's a drive from the strip area. I guess they know a good authentic noodle joint when they run into one?Will return here for sure!
4	Noodles great.  First place that makes chow fun without black bean sauce....make sure you request it :)
4	Beef noodle soup was delicious!Noodles with Pork and Mushroom were also great as well.We ordered some beef and onion potstickers to add to the greasy carb factor and this was the only thing I could barely finish.The dishes we ordered were around $7 and the potstickers even cheaper. An unexpectedly great meal so far away from Spring Mtn Rd...and so much closer to home. I will be back.
3	in fairness we didnt try the noodles, but the chicken and broc was decent- def not the worst ive ever had but no where near the best. the portions were kinda smallthe shrimp with lobster sauce was ok but same scenario there. (3 shrimp, small amount of rice, one cheese wanton...)the soups were pretty bad... also of my pieces of chicken had a bone in it or something... and there wasnt enough chicken....overall, i wouldnt go back but its def not the worst....
4	Noodle time! Homemade and delicious. I have had the noodle dishes and they are all pretty good. The pot-stickers are bomb.com (great!).
5	All the best things are off the menu Dan Dan Mein and some others.. Place is a joke how cheap it is. Wonton's in chili oil are insane! Stick to more traditional items I've never tried the really americanized dishes I know they have to have them to stay in business. Best Value and Some of Best Noodles in Vegas
4	It's owned by former chef from Noodle 9 in Cesar Palace. They have really awesome noodle here. Lan Zhou beef noodle is my must order here!!! I really love the spice chef put in the broth. I probably can drink entire bowl of soup if I wont get water retention on next day lol ^__^  The texture of noodles here are great because they are all hand made fresh daily. I also like to order spicy wonton as appetizer. The sauce comes with it is very tasty. Although it's kinda far from strip, but it's definitely worth every penny you spend.
4	Hand pulled noodles... delicious and cheap lunch.  Yay! I'm a fan.I've been coming to Las Vegas for work for several weeks and this is my go-to, cheap, off-the-strip, noodle lunch fix!  Like everyone says... the beef Lan Zhou soup is legit and has magical hangover curing ingredients... besides being tasty.  The other noodle dishes are pretty good... pretty much mix your favorite chinese meat dish and put it on the amazing noodles and you'll be satisfied.  If you are tired of spending your money on expensive frou frou restaurants and just want bomb food at a hole in a wall.... eat here!btw... they take credit cards
4	The noodles here are quite good and the sauces are okay. The kung pao chicken with noodles is very good it has a sweet and spicy sauce but could be slightly spicier.  Definitely best noodles I've had outside of Chinatown.
4	Great Noodles, this hidden gem has fresh noodles and a unique style; not afraid of spice. I'm all for this secret pleasure.
5	Yes, they have noodle in their name. However, I saw my favorite ever Chinese dish on the menu and had to order it: honey walnut shrimp.It's easy to mess up honey walnut shrimp, but this place did the exact opposite. It seems like they imparted a savory flavor base during the cooking process before adding the creamy sauce. They also let the natural crunchy and juicy texture of the shrimp shine through, and complemented it with a bed of shredded lettuce and the unique addition of some broccoli to the plate.The walnuts were also really good, not the typical size or shape but still good. I also have my doubts that they actually used mayo, a typical ingredient, in the creamy sauce. If they didn't, then this dish is even more of a masterpiece. And all for a relatively low price of $8.95? Wow.I also tasted a friend's egg and mushroom noodles. They were really great! I'll have to force myself to do a noodle dish next time. I also tried some fried rice in XO sauce, and it was also delicious. Based on this experience, I can't recommend this place enough. It's a hidden gem in an otherwise unassuming strip mall, and I'm still sipping on the sauce from my to-go box, trying to figure out what they put in it, while writing this review.
4	Teri's ROTD for this place made me want to go and try some of the yummy dishes she had mentioned. I tried:Szechuan eggplant and noodles-YUM AND YUMPork dumplings in chilli sauce-pretty goodvegetable pancake-kind of dry but okD had the Szechuan chicken which was probably the least tasty dish here(we asked them to limit the sugar in this dish so that may have caused the taste to be different)They also brought us a small bowl filled with fried flat noodles and a dipping sauce on the side after we had ordered. The place looked super clean....Overall pretty good! I would give the place 3.5 stars but rounding it off to 4.
3	The noodles were good, not the best though, my husband and i went there with a friend, we got the signature lanzhou beef noodle and it was tasty. We like that it's cheap there. The only down side was that there was too much MSG in the soup. My friend drank the whole soup and felt dehydrated afterwards.
4	Not good as togo but fantastic food
4	Lunch time is busier during the week now! My order - beef noodle soup. The broth is temperature hot and the beef is so lean it sinks to the bottom of the bowl. The chef also puts black fungus and baby bok choy in the soup but the bok choy was overcooked in my opinion.Because of the increase in business they added another waitress to help better serve the customers. Happy to see this this improvement.
3	Pretty good little place, but nothing sensational imho.  Walnut shrimp - based on Chris' rave review below:  Quite good.  Kind of a small serving.  Shrimps were big but not super-fresh.  Noodle with mushroom and pork:  Not bad. Not much pork. Nothing sensational.  Beef and onion potstickers:  that was the best of the bunch.
3	Tucked away in a non descript strip mall on Sandhill Road in Las Vegas, one will find the value priced Beijing Noodle Cafe.  Delicious noodles and vegan orange tofu and spring rolls allow for a non meat alternative meal.Simple decor and friendly service.
5	I had the Lan Zhou noodle soup that everyone is talking about, and it was memorable. The hand pulled noodles were perfect and had a great bite, the beef was a good addition, and the broth was amazing, unlike anything I've ever had. The broth is really what makes this dish, it's somewhat similar to Pho but with a deeper spice and star anise flavor. An hour after you eat this soup you'll still be thinking about it. And if you catch the luch special it's only $6.95! Can't beat that deal for a great bowl of soup. Looking forward to coming back and trying some dumplings in chilli oil.
3	After reading reviews for this place on yelp, I decided to give this place a try for my Vegas trip last week.  I did not have a great experience here though.  I  guessed  I am just used to Taiwanese beef noodle, so I did not like my noodle at all.  I think it was nothing impressive about the noodle soup.  The soup base was bland and the beef was small and very salty.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong items.  I don't think I'll come back to this place: (
5	True hole in the wall restaurant! Location: 3/5 not in the best part of townPrice: 5/5 very affordable lunch & dinner menu! Delicious & cheap!Food: 5/5 *Pork Wonton in Red Chili Oil -very juicy and just the right amount of heat*Lan  Zhou Beef Noodle - one of the best soups I've had in Vegas! Very tasty and just the right amount of spice! Noodles were just right and the broth was amazing, unlike anything I've ever had. Highly recommend!
5	Clean, small and well maintained, this little hole in the wall has dynamite noodles.  I tried the Beijing Mu Shu and it was not drowning in sauce. This was a welcome change. The little black mushrooms in the dish were awesome as well. Owners/staff very friendly. I'd come back for sure
3	Work Lunch, Noodle Take Out. Honestly, it was just so-so, based on what I ordered.Sliced Pork and Mushroom with Noodles:Noodles itself were good but the dish was too greasy and had little pork & mushrooms. Some extra vegetables might have complimented the noodles. Overall, it felt like I was eating plain greasy noodles.I will be coming back to try the Honey Walnut Shrimp. Update to come...
5	Man, oh, man - I wish this place weren't all the way across town!After reading all the Yelp! reviews and hearing my friends repeatedly rave about this place - we just knew we had to make the commute across town someday try it.  We were enjoying a rare day off work and planned an entire day of Eastside activities. After traipsing through the Wetlands Park, we hit Beijing Noodle Cafe on our way to Zia Records.  And I'm so glad we did!I haven't had the chance to experience much stellar Chinese food here in Vegas - until now!  It was mid-afternoon and I ordered the Kung Pao Tofu with Noodles as a lunch special.  Those legendary homemade noodles of which everyone speaks were stellar and perfectly done. And the sauce - oh the sauce!  Although no where near as spicy as I expected from Kung Pao, the flavors were deep and somewhat sweet with heavy notes of hoisin.  The tofu had been cubed and fried til crusty on the outside and served with green bell peppers and water chestnuts.  Deeeelish! This bowl of noodley goodness is the things that dreams are made of - well, mine anyway!  Service was good, friendly, efficient and we didn't experience any language barrier that other reviewers have mentioned.
4	The homemade noodles are divine! Definitely stop by for the noodle soup. Quiet, charming and authentic. Perfect place for a light dinner. I also recommend the potstickers. They're hand made to order, fresh, and delicious.
4	This off-strip Yelp recommendation for these travelers was enjoyed by all.  (Well, technically by 'both' as there were only two of us).  I tried the black bean pork noodles (forgot the actual name, sorry!) and my honey had the pork & mushroom noodles.  He really loved his.  I liked mine but they were a little salty so I'd probably try something else next time.  I really liked the noodles part of it.  The pork bits were very tiny, I actually wasn't sure which were black beans and which were pork bits until I bit into them.The place had just opened and was pretty empty when we got there, but they made our food fast and they give you a really big portion for your money.  We also ordered an order of the pork & chive potstickers which I really enjoyed.  They are traditional potstickers where the wrapper actually sticks to the pot and you cut them off - I'd never seen that before but my honey said his childhood friend's asian mom used to make them that way.  Learn something new every day.Anyway, I liked the food here and though I'd try something different next time I'd go again. If I were a local it would be in the regular rotation.
4	Quality, authentic, hand pulled noodles and hand cut noodles in the middle of the desert!If you're on a low carb diet, STOP READING.  Also, this is not for you if your idea of "authentic Asian cuisine" comes from a place that serves general tzo's chicken or beef with broccoli chow mien.  Skip if you enjoy eating rehydrated microwaved noodles from a styrofoam bowl.This is the real deal.  Extremely glutinous, al dente noodles with just the right amount of surface imperfections to hold the sauce or soup.  Enough, it's just good eats!The sliced pork and mushroom hand pulled noodles that other yelpers rave about is THE standout dish.  Loads of meaty mushrooms and tender pork.  Very flavorful, not too oily.  The beef noodle soup is also a worthy try.  Fresh herbs, ginger, garlic, chilies, and five spice create a very aromatic base for tender beef, mushrooms, and noodles.Ultimately, the strong flavors, lack of acidity, and the lack of textural contrast fill you up quick.  Avoid the "eyes bigger than the stomach" syndrome.  Nothing worse than a carb brick in your stomach and a cloying flavor in your mouth for hours.Note:  They use MSG with no apology.  You've been warned.Service is OK.  Prices very low.One of the best kept secrets in Vegas so shhhh, recommended.
5	I loved my meal here. For $7 you get a bowl of gourmet food. You can't beat that.For my meal at Beijing Noodle Cafe I got a bowl of lanzhou noodles and vegetable pancakes.The vegetable pancakes turned out to be mostly chives and they were delicious. The chives were fresh and had intense flavor. The dough was nicely cooked. It was clearly freshly made. I've had this dish at better dim sum places. I would definitely get it again.The noodles were fantastic. Really tasty. I've had hand-pulled noodles at Ark Cafe in Alameda. It's hard to say whose soup is better, because they're different. But the Beijing Noodle Cafe gives you about twice as many hand-pulled noodles as you get at Ark.The lanzhou noodles broth is also mildly spicy. It has a dark smokey flavor that I liked also. This is on my list of places to eat in Las Vegas.They also brought me pork wontons in chili oil to try, too. This also tasted very good and I would recommend it to others.Service was excellent.
4	This place is  a jaunt from the strip but if you have a car it's not too bad and the lack of wait made up for the fact that we had to drive a bit to get there. Plus it's a great value compared to the prices you pay on the strip. Lunch special of 6.95 for the noodles (list as 6.96 on the regular menu so I'm not really sure why this is a "special"). The bowl of noodles is pretty large. I ordered the Szechuan eggplant on the recommendation of the server for a non-meat option. He claimed it was the best and it's hard to argue with that. The eggplant was delicious. I ordered it extra spicy and although it was spicy I definitely could've handled a little more kick. Great option if you want a break from the strip and looking to carb up!
5	Went for lunch yesterday, I was not feeling well so soup sounded really good! I tried the chicken soup. It was amazing. The broth was light and flavorful, the mushroom chopped so fine, I did not have to weed it out (I don't like mushrooms -its a texture thing) The portion was very generous. I had leftovers, the prices, very reasonable. The noodles are so yummy.After a few visits and trying other things, it's my new favorite chinese restaurant!
4	This place has some incredible noodles!Are you craving some succulent, flavorsome, made-with-passion, Chinese food? Then Beijing Noodle is the place to try.It's a quiet place, but sadly, out of the way if you don't live on the east side of town.Good thing there's a corporate coffee shop across the parking lot for the long drive home.
5	Man you wouldn't expect such a nice place when you look at it on the outside.  It is pretty out there, and out of the way where I live but it is well worth the drive.  I came walking in and the restaurant was clean and tidy.  It was quiet and i like the little aquarium.  They took my order right away, and I ordered their wontons in chili sauce, and the pork and mushroom noodles.  THe wontons came out really fast, they were a bit odd looking, looking more like wonton sticks then actually little wonton pockets.  They still tasted pretty good, the sauce made my tongue tingle.  And then my noodles came out, the noodles hardy, the pork very flavorful, overall a great noodle dish.  This place is definitely one of my favorite places to get some Chinese noodles.
5	very authentic. it won't accept chinese reviews. this review from a chinese!
5	Definitely the best noodle joint on the east side.  I am so glad to have a good place to grub so close to my house as I often find myself driving great lengths to grub something nice.  I'm a big fan of the black mushroom noodle and usually opt to indulge in that.  But, if I plan on deviating at all, I usually go with the egg and tomato noodle soup.  Soooo goooddd!  Definitely a fan and definitely coming back for more whenever I get the urge to noodle up.
3	Beijing Noodle has been on my radar for awhile after getting several recommendations from fellow yelpers.  Finally, we found ourselves in the neighborhood, so we dropped in for lunch.  Cute place.  Clean and quiet.  We were 1 of 3 tables.  The service was quick!  Friendly too.  After great debate, we decied on the vegetable dumpling/pancake appetizer.  They were ok.  Nothing to get stoked about.  We also had the spicy szechuan eggplant noodles and the Beijing style black sauce (the name escapes me) noodles.  So...this is how it works.  Apparently, you choose a sauce, such as the two I mentioned, and you can pick a noodle to serve it over.  Well, on the day of our visit, they were out of noodles.  They only had the knife cut noodles. Major bummer.  We were so looking forward to the hand pulled noodles.  Hmphf.  Regardless, the knife cut noodles were still deliciously homemade with the perfect amount of chew. Since they are handmade, they were all different sizes which caused the texture to change from noodle to noodle.  So, the smaller noodles were a bit mushy and overcooked.   Eggplant sauce was spicy and delicious! A must.  All in all... A-OK, but you won't catch me driving the 30 miles anytime soon again.
5	Best potstickers ever!  We got the pork dumplings, sichuan chicken, and beef noodle soup.The pork dumplings were definitely home made, the chives in it tasted really fresh, and the dumplings were huge and crispy.  The sichuan chicken was definitely an Americanized dish, but the sauce on it was really good.Also, the owners are so incredibly nice!  They came out and helped jump start our car when the battery died!
4	Good authentic sichuanise food.
4	Beijing Noodle Cafe falls into the category of restaurants that have an identity crisis.  On one hand, they possess the ability to make delicious authentic cuisine.  On the other, they are faced with a consumer demand that yearns for the likeness of Panda Express. If they were located in a geographic area that had a large mainland Chinese population, I am sure they would have stuck to a menu that would have resembled something that you would find in Beijing, and done without the red lanterns.  But alas, they have carved out a niche serving a moderate Chinese-American population and at the same time catered to more Americanized tastes.  In this economy one cannot argue against the prudent nature of such a practice.To some purists this may seem sacrilegious, but somehow, they seem to pull it off here.  The center of their culinary showcase are their noodles, which you can specify whether you want the hand-pulled or knife cut variety. And the kicker is that you can order it with just about any of their other dishes such as  kung pao chicken, orange chicken, etc.  I chose to go with the hand-pulled noodles with Mongolian beef.  I didn't particularly think that the beef was all that great, but paired with the  perfectly chewy noodles, it made a wonderful complement.  I also went with a more tradiitional zha jiang mein, which is liberally doused in a black bean sauce.  The latter was extremely tasty and had the right combination of saltiness and pungency.  Another touted item, their pork potstickers in chili oil, looked more like pork sticks rather than the rounded ones that I have come accustomed too.  Despite their shape, they were very good, but it was more vinegary than oily.  Unfortunately, the 110 degree temperature that day prevented me from ordering the lanzhou beef noodle soup.  It is definitely on my list to try next time.Most people get this restaurant confused with Beijing Noodle no 9 in Caesar's palace, which is an over salted atrocity of an excuse for Chinese food.  Although the quality of ingredients may be a bit better over there, one cannot argue the value comparison to Beijing Noodle Cafe.  All of the dishes that we ordered came under $20. That is nearly the same price as the fried rice at Caesar's.  I am a firm believer that when it comes to comfort Chinese food, moderation belies value which is what most great Chinese places are about.  After all, is there really a difference in a $120 beef noodle soup made from Kobe beef? That is something I shall never know.
4	The noodles are good. But they were not as authentic as I thought they would be. We ordered wontons with hot sauce, pancake with chives, noodles with pork and mushroom, and beef ramen.Portions were on the smaller side for the appetizers, but the noodles were good portion.I have to go back to try other stuff again, but I won't be ordering appetizers. For $2 more each appetizer, I can order another bowl of noodle to try.
4	Came here for the first time tonight and I'm kicking myself for not having gotten here sooner, if only they weren't all the way across town!First, I have to say that the food was very fresh and very affordable.  I could taste the freshness in every ingredient, and the flavors were fantastic.For appetizers, we tried the pork & chive pot stickers and the veggie pancake.  Loved the pot stickers, could very well be the best I've ever had.  It was nice actually tasting the filling and not having it be just a small glob of vague meat paste inside a dumpling.  I wasn't thrilled with the veggie pancake, however, it had virtually no flavor. (and that's the reason I'm not giving them 5 stars).I ordered the chicken szechuan noodles and my hubby ordered the mongolian beef noodles.  The food arrived but my order was wrong - and, amazingly, the waitress apologized for getting my order wrong and went back to put the correct order in.  I can't recall another occasion where a wait person admitted their error - and I was impressed with her honesty.  I knew I hadn't ordered a different dish, but it was nice that she didn't try to convince me that I somehow had mistakenly said the word zucchini instead of chicken.. nor did she blame it on the cooks.While I waited for my entree, I tasted hubby's mongolian beef (we both ordered handcut noodles) and it was delicious.  My own entree arrived shortly afterwards and mine was scrumptious also.  Oh, and be warned.. when they say a dish is spicy, they're actually putting hot peppers in it!  Mine was spicy and delicious and I even enjoyed eating chunks of celery so long as it was covered in their sauce.  The meat in both dishes was quality trimmed, no chunks of fat or gristle in either of our bowls.Hubby had about half his entree to box up when we were full, I had about 2/3 of mine - and our bill was under $30.  We will definitely be going back there!
4	I was looking for a new place to have lunch.  This place is great!  Got the Pork and Mushroom Noodles.  Very delish.  The noodles have a good bite.
2	I don't know about the rating here, my won ton hot oil was not good, hardly any meat and no taste to the spicy oil, the lan  zhou noodles were undercooked and hard, the broth was not to my taste, and warm, not hot.  Who's these guys that have been eating here, where have they been?
4	I love this place!  I have tried almost every noodle dish on their menu and not a single one has disappointed.  The service here is also excellent for an Asian spot.
4	This place is great.  The food is cheap and the noodles are wonderful.  For $7 you can get different hand cut noodle dishes.  They give you the option for thick or thinner noodles which makes my heaven customizable.  The staff is really friendly and fast.  It's a little off the beaten path but well worth it.
3	Beijing noodle went downhill after new management took over. Texture of noodles tasted not as good as before. There is no more live show of noodle making. So do not expect that if you read it from old reviews.
4	I was super let down that their wasn't a Chinese guy in there pulling noodles.  Kinda like when Clark made it all the way to Wally World and it was closed.Well, no one in there was pulling noodles, but we had to eat, so this just turned into a review of a place that doesn't have a Chinese guy in there pulling noodles.My daughter didn't want to get out of the car, yes my kids have been coddle to say the least.  I basically said you can't judge a book by a cover.  The place is in a derelict shopping plaza...Smallish restaurant inside maybe 15 tables in an average looking space.  I do like this place and it would be great to have a place like this in my neck of the woods.  It has most of your typical American Chinese dishes, but they had more traditional Chinese style cuisine, too.  The service was okay, but at any Asian restaurant with real Asians the service is usually pretty bad.  So I wasn't put off by that.My daughter had lo mein noodles.  I guess stir fried nodles always taste the same, but I can say these noodles were better than your typical place.I had a pork and mushroom dish.  The sauce that it was in was soooooo good.  It was a real rich and clean tasting sauce.  The noodles were good too.This place has good prices too.  I wouldn't drive across town to eat here, but if I was going to be anywhere near here I would like to go back.
5	The BEST potstickers ever!     We have eaten noodles and dim sum everywhere and both of us agreed that these were the freshest and plum pest morsels ever!    The noodle bowls and the pancakes were terrific as well.   Great black bean sauce and appetizers.   Friendly polite waitstaff,clean, great atmosphere, and inexpensive to boot!  All in a strip mall!   Thanks Yelp!
5	The taste and freshness of homemade noodles is simply wonderful!  Courteous service and the best pork dumplings in Las Vegas!  Get the mushroom pork pulled noodles and dumplings and you'll be smiling :)
4	I have had this on my radar ever since I heard they did the in house pulling noodles.  Unfortunately we have a late eating schedule and never quite made it in time.  I saw a friends post that they no longer do the show but still decided to give it a try.  We were happily surprised to get there in time for food!  The service was awesome, the girls did not make us feel rushed even though we were cutting it close to closing time in fact a couple came in after us.  I had a few things in mind from reading prior reviews but asked the waitress for her favorites she obliged.  We had the Pork Wonton in Red Chili Oil on recommendation from other reviewers, great flavor but a bit oily.  Sliced Pork & Mushroom with Noodle  and good smooth almost creamy flavor (but no cream) the mushrooms were amazing I probably could have eaten a whole bowl of them with the noodles.  Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup the broth nice and flavorful with a bit of zip from the basil and chives.  All and all the flavors were good and the service was great, the price was great as well.So no more noodle shows make me sad but I would rather pay for good noodles then a show any day.  These noodles were not to salty as others are and they were the perfect combination of firm but not too firm, noodle fans will understand.  My boyfriend is a rice and noodle snob so if they suck trust me I hear about it!  (however he still says my rice is still the best!  (Not bad for a white girl immersed in an Asian culture)  I will gladly go here then the strip for better noodles, great broth/sauce, great service and a lower price for these better options.  I hope they will revisit the noodle show option I would love to see it and I am sure many more people would schedule a visit accordingly if they set a time for one once a night or so.
4	great service! The noodles are hand pulled. I would recommend general tso's chicken also of you aren't into eating noodles. Quality is great, serviceFast, and prices are low. Don't underestimate this place.
5	I travel to China a few times a year and I love the food there...this place is as good or better then most of my favorites in China. Trully authentic, home made noodles, flavors are intense!
4	I stopped in for lunch today and treated myself to a great meal for a great price!The pork won ton with red chili sauce was incredible, very tender and full of flavor.  I like my food pretty spicy so they brought me some chopped up chili's in oil and that put the dish over the top.I opted for the eggplant with the knife-cut, wide noodles.  The sauce was delicious, if a bit sweet, the eggplant cooked perfectly.  The noodles were fantastic, chewy with just the right amount of "tooth".  The wait staff were very nice and friendly and the place was clean.  The only negative I have to report is that there is no beer, so sad.  In summary: great food + good portions + friendly service + clean restaurant = exceptional value.
5	Hesitant to give five stars here, but there's really nothing bad I can say about this place. They're trying to do a unique Chinese style of cooking (Beijing-style noodles), with resounding quality, and offer it at a reasonable price. This place should be more crowded.I was drawn to the Lanzhou noodles, simply because I wanted something more traditional, but they had some surprises: kung pao chicken, garlic chicken, sichuan chicken... But all noodle dishes? I was intrigued and, if I come again (which I will, next time I'm in Vegas, for sure), I'll try it.$7.50 for a big, hot, fresh bowl. If they don't make the noodles in-house, then they get them fresh from somewhere. Fresh noodles make a big difference. The beef was how it should be: lots of tendon, fat, bone and no apologies about it all being there. That's flavor country.Staff was exceptionally nice and answered my questions.Probably one of the more satisfying lunches I've had in a while.
5	I love this place! I have been looking for a chinese hand-drawn noodle place here in Vegas for a while and this is THE PLACE! The staff there is friendly and the food hits the spot every time. My favorite is the beef noodle soup and their beef pot stickers. Mmm! Almost forgot to mention that prices are low too!
4	I will continue with my four star review nothing has changed they still have great noodles great flavor and they will spice it up if you so desire.  I will not, as I did not last time take away stars for the no noodle show because sadly I never got to see it to begin with. :(The service was above par with last time and she was busier but she handled the crowd well and food was delivered on time and tastiness in tact!  Mmmm So as last time I had to get the home made pork wonton in chili oil.  I had it last time but the flavor is full of tons of spices but lots of oil hence the name ;) but oh so good. We both had the Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup this time and did not waste time sharing something we may or may not like.  I know but I LOVE soup in the cool weather I will go back to trying new things in the spring until then gotta go with what I love!  I will be back thanks for the great food!
4	Where was the guy making noodles?! I wanted to watch him swing around fresh pasta so badly!  However the service and food sure made up for it! What a great little find. Our party of 4 ordered so much that our very sweet server had us move to the bigger table. I'm not sure that I can remember it all but we had potstickers, DanDan Noodles, Mongolian beef with noodle, General Tso's chicken, Kung Pao chicken, and at least 1 more that I am missing. Lets just say we all went home full and there wasn't much left. Everyone at the table enjoyed General Tso's the most. Also there was a cold spicy noodle appetizer that was very unique and amazing. I did have a strange chunk of peanut butter type paste in my Dan Dan noodles that I'm not sure was suppose to be there. If definitely threw off the taste I was going for. Small yet inviting, can't wait to try more of the menu.
4	Friendly attentive service, peaceful, enjoyable, excellent food.
4	What an interesting place this is, the decor is straight out of the 70's, the table covers are straight off my grandmothers couch and the food is good....Actually very good from the sample we had tonight.The only letdown was the order in which the food came out to us...Sweet and sour chicken, not bad at all.Chicken chow mein...Didn't order that one, but we got it anyways...Didn't try it, but it looked good.Sliced Pork & Mushrooms with Noodles, well this place is known for it's noodles and yeah, this dish was the star, the broth really added a good taste to the dish.Chicken fried rice...A slightly different than normal version, but I liked it so all is good.All in all a good meal, throw in a couple of drinks and the bill was $23....Yeah $23 whole dollars for a meal that could feed 4 people.
4	I had the beef noodle which at first bite tasted weird, but the more I ate it, the more and more I liked it, until I realized I liked it a lot.  I can see how this would be a locals place, its in the middle of nowhere.  This belongs more in Las Vegas' chinatown, where I think it would be more successful, but I guess that's not really what the owners intend, there they are in a quiet corner of Vegas, doing there thing.
4	A welcomed relief for someone searching Vegas to acquire a decent Noodle soup!Easy to miss and a short drive from all the other excitements of Vegas, Beijing Noodle Cafe serves very comforting, simple (but delicious) dishes that will fill you up and calm your soul before heading back to the slots. Friendly staff as well!
4	A good find in Vegas... Now I have a go-to Chinese place! Let's start with the pork wonton with chili sauce.. The sauce was really good, it has a good kick to it at the end although there wasn't that much pork in the wonton, it was mostly their hand cut noodle with a slither of pork (that's why it's only 4 stars), but if there was more ground pork to it, it would be really worth it!  I ordered the sliced pork and mushroom noodles and it was to die for! Not your AMERICANIZED CHINESE FOOD!!! The noodles were very tasty, soft and just the perfect consistency. The combination of flavors with the 3 kinds of mushrooms and sliced pork along with the sauce, was amazing! It's a huge portion (well at least for me) but it was so good i was able to finish 3/4 of it and you won't be able to stop eating. The restaurant itself was small but clean, the server was friendly but, didn't really gave me the option for the hand cut noodle until I asked him. Overall, this is a keeper. If you want authentic Chinese noodle, this is your go-to place and you will not regret it!
5	I just have to give this place five stars, even if there are some minor complaints I could have. It's stellar, the food is cheap and fresh, the owners are absolute sweethearts, and they deliver locally!Beijing Noodle Cafe has become one of my regular spots. They make their noodles fresh and in-house, which is something you will have a hard time finding anywhere else in Vegas. It makes a huge difference. You can order noodles round or flat, and I think each type fits best in certain dishes. So far, I recommend that everyone absolutely must try:- Sliced pork and mushroom (round noodles)- Szechuan dan dan (round noodles)- Kung pao (flat noodles)- Tomato & egg sauce (flat noodles) * this one was unexpectedly enjoyable. It's somewhat similar to tomato soup (a-la Campbell's) with noodles added and sews together Asian flavors surprisingly well.And the one thing I don't recommend is the ma po tofu. I'm a big fan of ma po tofu, but this place makes it with excessive chili seeds, and they are so hard and woody that they detract from the hearty flavor of the dish.Inside the restaurant, one of the younger servers (who is, I think, the only staff member besides the owners) is probably very new to serving at the time of writing (January 2013). She has a hard time taking orders and bringing the right beverages to the table.
5	Tried out the Noodle Cafe after searching Yelp for a restaurant that serves Beef Noodle Soup.  Went there on a Saturday night - place was empty but had a good take out business going.  Brought my wife - picky on what she eats to use as a gauge on how good of a place it is.We started with Fried Wontons, Pork Wontons in Chili Sauce, and Spring Rolls.  They didn't last long - wife was fighting me over the pork wontons - which were great.  She also finished off the fried wontons with cheese. For dinner I had the Dan Dan Beef Noodles and wife had lemon chicken (she isn't adventurous).  The Dan Dan noodle were great - had to fend off the wife as she waited on her lemon chicken  Thought the noodles could be spicier but were still good.  The lemon chicken was made with fresh chicken and was very  good.Nice clean family  run restaurant, prices are reasonable, portions are good size, and service was great.  Have no clue why this town goes nuts for Panda Express when they have little gems like this around Las Vegas.
4	The pork wonton in chili sauce is very good. The noodles are delicious. Try this place out. You will not regret it.
5	This is my 1st Yelp review...Beijing Noodle Cafe is what I call a Hidden Las Vegas Gem. I usually use Yelp when I am out of town on tour or vacation. Thankfully I was still in that mind state after returning to LV from a recent tour.  I love Chinese food but since moving to Vegas about 9 years ago from New York I accepted that it is way easier to find great Thai food in LV than Chinese. (I'll write reviews of my favorite Thai spots soon)My girlfriend and I decided to try out Beijing Noodle Cafe after reading reviews here. We were surprised no one had told this place so close and delicious! As mentioned by other Yelpers you must try at least one of their Noodle dishes. Also I am a huge fan of the General whenever I order Chinese food and was very pleased with the quality and freshness of their General Tso's Chicken. We have been back a few times since and despite making a vow to order something new each time I keep going back to that General. During lunch special it's only 6 bucks and comes with soup, fried rice and a cheese wonton. It's official, I love this spot and will be back often.Try the Pork Wontons in Chili Sauce. Try it all, I doubt they will disappoint.-Phil A
5	I love the Beijing Noodle Cafe.  I'm a little partial because it's the best place close to my house, but it is also some of the most authentic Chinese food in town.  Most people are used to southern-HK style Chinese cooking, which is also very tasty - but different.  Northern Chinese cooking has a different group of flavors and tends to be much more carb-heavy.  I've eaten here a few times and usually have some sort of noodle dish.  My favorite is the pork and mushroom noodles, but I've also had the beef noodle soup, the beef and broccoli noodles and the kung pao, along with the wontons.  The lunch specials are very generous and at about $6, one of the best deals around.  Why eat fast food when you can have a hearty meal for the same price?Everything is so very tasty.  The flavors are well developed, the noodles are fantastic.  I also recently found that they take online orders for both takeout and delivery.  An extra bit of awesomeness.
3	Good food great prices!
4	I like this place a lot!  I got the pork and chive potstickers and the mongolian beef over noodles! I didnt give 4 stars because I was eating there alone and had to wait a little more than I thought for the potstickers then once I got them my other food came out right away!  I deff recomend this place and I loved that it was less than a mile away!  The food was even good for left overs!  I love that this place was cheap and affordable.  Cant wait to eat here again and try something new!
2	Two Words.. Panda Express. OK 4. With handmade noodles. Not my thing!
5	i came here from lunch. as i entered i was greeted. the waitress was by herself. the place was clean and very homely. i ask for a to go menu and saw on the reviews that people love the slice pork w/mushroom noodles for about $7 bucks. so i went with that. she ask if i wanted the regular noodles or homemade noodles. i went with the homemade noodles! the food came out quick. wow, the noodles were so delish! i wish there was more pork and mushroom. The serving was very large could feed up to about 3 people! Def one of my favorite Chinese spot!
3	I waited several minutes for a server just to seat me and there were only 2 other customers. When the server came out, he was friendly and took my order right away. I had to eat a quick meal because time was limited so I ordered beef fried rice. Service was quick and the rice was delicious. The portion was a nice size too :) Would like to come back and try out the other dishes. Until then, I rate this place a 3
5	Ma Po Tofu was delicious, service was friendly, though food was a little slow for our party of five.  Prices are very fair.  I'll be back
4	Different style of Chinese Food...Best pot stickers ever...homemade noodles are so delicious. I had pork won ton soup and mongolian beef over noodles...tasty !!! Very clean and nice waitress...small and cute place...quiet and dim :) I found on Yelp !!! Thanks
5	Whenever we go to Vegas from Arizona I always try to find a new restaurant.  We don't like eating on the strip.  We would rather go where the locals go.  The Beijing Noodle Cafe did not disappoint.  We ejoyed our meal very much.  The restaurant was in a small strip mall but was very clean and bright.  The waitress was very friendly.  The food was great and we will be going back again!!
5	Stopped in Tuesday night about 15 minutes before close. I used to work in restaurants and know that employees don't always like the last minute customer but the people here seemed genuinely happy to see me. I ordered the Mongolian Beef and Noodles to go. I could hear the cook in the back cooking my order fresh. It came out in a good size Styrofoam container and was obviously hot. the first thing I noticed when I got home was it was a really big portion. Way more than I expected for $7.00. I tried the noodles.. OMG, the best noodles I have had in Vegas. The beef was thin, flavorful, and very tender. I gave a couple of noodles to my dog, and she agreed they were great. I ate what I could (I'm a big guy btw) and put the rest in the fridge for lunch the next day. The only thing is the dish was described as spicy on the menu. There were about 3 hot red peppers in the dish, but if you didn't bite into one, there wasn't much in the way of spice. The decor is average, the restaurant appears clean, but trust me, you are going fo
5	Beyond amazing service and food!!!!  Wonderful staff... fast accurate service.  They care about their customers and food and it shows.  I have been going for over a year and its always the same great atmosphere!!!  Great Chinese food!!"
5	The best in Vegas by far. All dishes are homemade.
3	Maybe too authentic? I don't know, but it just wasn't to our liking. Even the sweet dipping sauce for the wonton chips was kind of watery and not as sweet as it should taste. I like noodles and ate mine all up even though the black bean sauce was too over the top concentrated with flavor and you had to eat more noodles to neutralize the saltiness. My wife's beef noodles soup was just not to her liking, was this good food or just not geared for our tastes? How can you see someone pull noodles? when do they pull noodles? was our noodles pulled fresh? or did they just pull the wool over our eyes?The place is small and quaint, the service was good, but the overall dining experience was just not to our expectations. I'll have to try something else to go one day, it might be good.
5	Just ate lunch here.   Very good food and great Value.  Chicken and broccoli was awesome.
2	I have gone back a few times after I wrote the last review and food does not taste the same every time I had gone back. Last time I went (beginning of the year)the food did not settle well and I have not been back since. It is very disappointing considering I did love the food on the menu.
5	fresh food each time, very friendly and clean A graded restaurant, very rare for an Asian  place and Im....asian.....i know...
4	My boss and I love this place! Their lunch specials are rockin, $7.00 for more then enough food. They used to be all vegetarian, now they serve everything, but those healthy choices are still on the menu. I usually get the eggplant which is great. However their Dan Dan noodles are great on a cold day very hardy and warm.
5	Have always loved the food here! You must get a dish with their noodles! Or you are really not trying what the restaurant thrives at. Like going to a BBQ restaurant and getting a salad. Black pepper beef, made with noodles. Its my staple, its amazing. Lifetime customer
2	Came in to try the highly reviewed homemade noodles. Asked about them. Yes, they had them. Didn't end up getting those. Maybe there is a magic word we didn't know about? We had the chicken potsticker appetizer, the pork with mushrooms, a wonton soup, and a curry chicken with noodles. Food wasn't bad...but it wasn't great either. We were the only table in the restaurant, and the three staff members were sitting at another table watching something on an iPad. I felt a bit weird about interrupting them for an ice tea refill...so I sipped off my daughters drink. Certainly not worth driving over from Green Valley, but we'd wanted to try it based on all the other reviews. Tried it. Meh.
3	Came in out of the rain to kill time before meeting locksmith at my clients' home nearby. I was reluctant (even with the good Yelp reviews) to try out this "hole in the wall" establishment,  but my longing for a nice hot bowl of soup to warm me up was stronger than my fear. Upon entering, Beijing Noodle Cafe was the typical Chinese restaurant with minimal decor and a red glow that only seemed apparent in photos. I was greeted and seated immediately. The lunch specials looked tempting but after some Yelp research, I decided on the wonton noodle soup...wontons seemed like a popular choice amongst the Yelpers.My soup came within 5 minutes and it was DELICIOUS! The broth was nice and hearty with flecks of red chili, seaweed and shrimp, and the wontons...uniquely long rolled dumplings bursting with flavor in a thin wonton skin. These were some of the best wontons I've had in Vegas. I didn't care so much for the seaweed because it gave it more of a Japanese taste, so I must  remember to ask them to omit it next time. The noodles had a great chewy texture to them and I too was hoping to catch a glimpse of the noodle guy making them, but alas no.It was a satisfying bowl of real Chinese comfort food. This discovery was just in time for the cold weather ahead. 3 stars for now but I will upgrade my stars once I've had a chance to try other items from their menu.
4	Time for another update and it is still holding 4 stars!This will remain one of my favorites and moving to the other side of town sucks for a go to place for me like this.  I will drive over here for my hand made noodles, I guess because I have become spoiled!  The  Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup is my goto FAV and this time we splurged on calories and had the Spicy wonton appetizer with chili sauce.  OOMMGG yes a double OMG good love this stuff.  Would order every time but my waist will not allow that.  *Grumble* The main waitress is back home visiting so the service is not quite to par but I won't fault them for that because it is temporary service.  Food awesome as always and gesh I feel like I am saying good by :( a 30 minute drive will happen here and there but not as much as I would like.Love the food and highly recommend it.
5	It's very delicious,I'd like pork mushroom with noodles pork wonton in red chili sauce.
5	Food here is great. Feel like home. Black bean noodle is just like the taste of my mom. Best thing I have ever tried in Vegas.
5	Simple and fresh! Freshly made potstickers. Soup with hand made noodles. Best thing of all very cheap!
5	This place is THE Chinese restaurant to eat at in vegas. Very reasonably priced and the food is just  INCREDIBLE!!! You can't go wrong with this place.
4	Moo Shu Noodles are super yummy!Great food, slow service.  As authentic a Chinese Noodle Place you're going to find outside of the Chinatown on Spring Mountain Road.  If you're not in a hurry, I definitely recommend this place as a reliable spot for delicious and authentic Chinese food, especially the noodle dishes popular in northern China.
4	This place is awesome.I must say the first few times me and my friends came here the waiter was really rude he was a younger Asian guy.when we went back he was no longer there and our lunches were pleasant.The food was delicious. I loved to go through the menu and pick different stuff everything was good. I definitely recommend this place.
5	Went there today for first time. We loved it! I had Kungpao chicken, asked them to add broccoli. yum! My friend had the beef soup with noodles. That was great as well We highly recommend and would go back any time!
5	The noodle here are really amazing ! I favor noodle house the town. Sliced pork & Mushroom with noodle are super yummy. Must to try!
4	spicy pork wontons - 3 stars, was just ok.  just a hint of spice.  was expecting more flame.pork mushroom noodle - was very good.  the in house noodle was thick, you might sayit was fat.  there was at least two types of mushrooms, button and straw, along with tree or maybe black fungus.  pre scrambled egg was mixed in.  this was one of those servings where you had to take a nap afterwards.  i was the first one in. great service but i can see why it can be an issue.  there was only one waitress and the place was starting to fill up.
2	I stopped in for the szechuan noodles with eggplant to go. This was my first and will be my last visit. The food was good but could have had a little bit more eggplant.  The service was not friendly meaning I didn't get a smile at any point or a thank you in fact the girl put my bag on the counter and walked away.  The waitress was also not hygienic I observed her playing with her hair while taking an order and exposing her hairy armpits. My food was tasty but poor service is not part of my dining pleasure.
3	first timers at this restaurant...no crowd to speak of...just one other couple...server was very polite and my beef chow mein and wife's vegetable chow mein and vegetable fried rice did not take long at all. food tasted good, noodles are homemade and thick. since we live close by, we'll be back to try other menu selections.
4	Not a bad genuine Chinese noodle house with very affordable prices.  If your idea of Chinese noodles is Panda Express or PF Chang's, and as fellow yelper Rod U. would say, STOP READING.The potstickers were good, flavorful filling and came out nice and crispy, at $4.95, it's a great deal.  In addition, we ordered:Pork with sliced mushrooms noodles, by far the best dish.  The pork and mushrooms blend in perfectly and absorbs the full flavors along with the noodles.  For just under $7, this is a steal.The Szechuan Dan Dan Noodle was not as good, but decent.  I was expecting more of a spicy kick but a got a tangy and peanut butter flavor (WTF??).  For under $7, can't complain much.Szechuan Chicken with Noodles was more of what I was expecting, would recommend to order this.This place is on the Eastside of Vegas, about 15 to 20 minutes away from the Strip.  Would consider coming here if I'm going to Green Valley Ranch.
5	So so so yummy! Homemade noodles with three types to pick from too. Hand cut, hand made and machine noodles. Best thing is the tomato egg soup and the vegetable pancake with house sauce! It's worth the drive for authentic tasting Chinese food :)
5	Love this place! We just moved into the neighborhood and was looking for a good Chinese place. Their noodle bowls are filling and delicious. You must go.
2	Not the best atmosphere, but the Eggplant Szechuan over noodles made it worth coming. It's no longer available. Look at your reviews!!! (Several times this particular dish is mentioned with pics taken.) Why would you remove it from your menu?
1	I went there for some homemade noodle and was very disappointed. The owner and the chief have been changed. However, the new place kept the old name "Beijing Noodle Cafe" to take the credit of the wonderful reviews from the previous place. Now, the cafe offers Vietnamese-Chinese Cuisine, which is nothing different from any other regular Chinese-American food chains and the taste of the food was alright. Sooooo sad!!! If you know where the old place went, let me know! Thanks
2	I don't know what happened.  This place used to be great; the food was good, the owner was friendly.We went again today, and what a disappointment.  The significantly reduced portion of General Tso's tasted mostly of thick sauce (my friend identified it as ketchupy, with burnt breading), the spring roll was bland and oily inside, the rice tasted like mushy nothing.  There were two waiters for an otherwise empty dining room, and we were bugged no fewer than three times about whether everything was okay.  Well, no, it wasn't.There's a grand opening sign outside, so I take it someone else bought the place.  I really wish they hadn't.  This had been one of our favorite lunch spots, but I doubt we'll be coming here again.
1	The great Beijing Noodle Cafe is no more. DO NOT go here. I used to go all the time for yummy potstickers, pork wontons and General's Chicken. New owner new cook and the result is BAD FOOD.  All of the recipes start with "Open bag"
5	This review is from when I frequented a few months ago so don't hold it against me. The staff was friendly, prices were great, beyond reasonable. Their beef soup was really good. I had to steal the my husbands plate. The place itself is very casual and relaxed. There were only two other dinners when we walked in, it was about 2 p.m., we ordered and the food came out about 10 minutes later. We spent about $20 for two meals, three drinks, and two appetizers, not too shabby.
5	It's true. This is not the same Beijing Noodle cafe any more. And we definitely want to know if they opened shop elsewhere in town.  Having said that...we had a great experience here!  We ordered some of our old favorites from this place to compare: pork pot stickers, Mongolian beef, and General Tso's chicken. All were fantastic!  A nice little spicy kick in the entries and lean beef and white meat chicken. The service was fast and friendly. We will definitely continue to come here!
5	Hands down, this was the best pho I've had - and I eat a LOT of pho. The waiter was extremely nice, and very friendly. The prices are great, and the food is even better. Definitely go there.
2	We are so sad....This used to be our favorite place for noodles and Chinese but the new owners have turned it into more of a Vietnamese place.  Lots of pho on the new and much smaller menu.Since I couldn't get my usual dan dan noodles, I had some mapo tofu and the wife had orange chicken.  Like the reviews below state, we felt the flavors are nothing like they used to be.  As Chinese goes, this new place is strictly mediocre at best.Its a little deceptive to keep the name, logo and decor the same when you have new owners and a completey new menu and that is, perhaps, the biggest disappointment.
1	No longer ran by original owners. This place went down hill with their new food. Stay away. So bummed
1	Like most recent comments, mine is one of sorrow.  This used to be one my favorite places for Chinese, they had the best fresh hand pulled noodles. Anyway, I made a call for pick up the other day and was confused when the girl on the line kept telling me that they didn't have my beloved schezuan eggpant noodles, or my pork wontons in red chile sauce....I thought maybe they had run out?  I end up ordering some egg fu yung and beef & broccoli noodles (I've had both before from here.  Delicious.) I pull up to the restaurant and walk up to the door, to find a new paper menu taped to the door!  I was beyond shocked because the restaurant bares the same name, signage and made no mention as to their new ownership when I was trying to order my "the usual".   I walk in to an empty restaurant and ask the girl about the ownership.   She told me they have new owners and a new menu.  I leave feeling pretty bummed, but willing to give it a try, because I can't walk out and I'm hungry.  I drive home (15-20) and pull out my dishes....gross.  The egg fu yung's brown sauce was filled, literally to the brim of the styrofoam packaging.  The gravy was broken and had about an inch of oil on the top of it.  I took out a patty and took a bite, LAVA hot.  The noodles for the beef and broccoli weren't fresh at all and adding a traditional beef and broccoli (from PANDA EXPRESS) over some boxed noodles, was not what I am looking for at all.  That dish was also greasy and unappealing.  Total nightmare.
