5	Observations of my eight year old.  "Our waiter is very nice, do you think he's gay?".  "Lobster butter tastes like crayons" &  "How come it takes so long to get the check when you need to use the restroom?"  :)
2	This was a real learning experience, with the economic times being what they are, my wife and I wanted a good meal, and fun atmosphere.  It had been some time since we went to Outback, we found out that you can call ahead and get your name on "the list", I knew that they did this for very large groups, but not for couples. Whoops, I was wrong... so call ahead and get your name on the list! We waited 30-45 minutes and finally got seated. Things started looking up until the salad came. They forgot the salad dressing, well, no big deal, we will flag down our waiter, but we didn't see him for some time, but another waitress came by and asked if everything was ok, and we mentioned that we would like salad dressing for our salad. So we drank our water until it was gone then our waiter came with the dressing and was so apologetic, he was sorry he forgot to bring it out, but right behind him was our main meal being served by someone else.  Ok, we had our meal, so we finished our salad, they my wife had the special, and I had the Melbourne Steak plate. This steak tasted like compressed sawdust, and my wife said her food tasted burnt. We were so disappointed that we just wanted to leave, we did complain to the waiter, and he said the manager would be over to talk to us. That never happened. I don't know if we will ever return to THAT Outback again.
5	Our first time at outback and it was very good. We were seated right away and were attended to within minutes. We both ordered steaks, green beans and mashed potatoes. Moderate sized portions (but thats a good thing since we don't like to fill up too much), and the steaks were flavorful and cooked to perfection. Excellent mashed potatoes and FINALLY green beans that aren't overcooked and mushy! Overall, very pleased with the service from Josh and hostess at the door was very nice. Even opened the door for us! We'll be back for sure, it was pretty good.
3	Friendly staff. Crab-stuffed Shrimp appetizer was good. Bread to munch on while you wait for your food to come was good. 10oz. Fosters on tap was good. 10oz. Grilled Ribeye with sweet potato and veggies was good. My GF's Shrimp Caesar Salad was reportedly good.Overall a good experience.
4	Outback opened this location up in the mid-90s. The fact that me and my family have never stopped going back should say something.Outback is, essentially, an American restaurant with an Australian theme - mostly represented by the names of items on the menu and pictures/items on the wall. Pretty much any standard American dine-in restaurant fare you can find here, but they have a few other surprised on the menu as well.The atmosphere in here can get a bit crowded and noisy at times, but that's to be expected of a place like this. Wait times can be frustratingly long during peak hours - even calling ahead doesn't help much. Fortunately, outside the restaurant there are plenty of benches on which to wait, so you won't be left standing. The staff are extremely friendly and courteous - these people really go above and beyond what I see at most restaurants of the type. They are good about taking requests if you want an item done a particular way, and are very good about correcting any mistakes they may have made. One night, we were in the restaurant and they were packaging up our leftovers (which we were just taking home to give to the dogs anyway), but they accidentally threw them out. Before long, a manager was at our table apologizing, and even gave us a free dessert as a way of making it up to us.The food itself is some of the best this reviewer has ever had. There is a little bit of everything, and none of it bad. The potato soup here is to die for, easily some of the best I have ever had. The entrees fare just as well - try the Victoria's Filet with a horseradish crush, and you'll see what I mean. The long wait times to get into the restaurant during peak hours and the fact that this location is not open for lunch are my only real complaints. If you want a dine-in restaurant with great food, look no further than Outback.
4	I hadn't been to an Outback in years but their new ad for Steak + Crab for $13.99 had been calling to me for awhile. Steak and crab under $15? Right up my alley!!!Dinner started with a loaf of the brown bread I had such an obsession with in my childhood. It was way smaller than my husband or I could remember and sad looking. Husband tried it and said it has gone downhill. Bummer but I wasn't here to eat bread anways.. I was here for the freaking meat and crab!6 oz sirloin + 1/2 lb of snow crab + potato (I subbed green beans) for $13.99. I was scared the sirloin would be tough or the crab legs would be brown and mushy like the ones at Hooters. Nope, it was all fabulous! The sirlon was way better than it should have been - arguably the best "cheap" restaurant steak I've had in my life. DUH, it doesn't compare to Cut or Carnevino, but it was an insane value for the price. The crab legs were of the "good buffet" level quality (ie M resort, not Rio ). Very pleased with them as well. Served prescored with melted butter..YUM. Green beans were delicious as well. Sadly this amazing steak/crab combo is "limited time only". BOO. During it's limited time I might just become a frequent visitor to the Outback - a deal this good is too good to last !
2	I was really let down by this Outback experience which usually fails to disappoint me. In TX I used to go so often to my neighbordhood outback I had a plaque @ the edge of the table w/ my name on it, literally. Crazy, huh? (and I was only 19) .. . yeah. This place however just blah.Service: The waitress was very akward. AWKWARD. I dont know if she was brand new but she seemed almost afraid to talk to us and paused before ever doing anything. She took our plates w/out asking. However, the girl that brought us our food was more waitressy, however she still pushed my salad plate out of the way to put down my steak plate? really? FOOD: the side caesar was good. had enough dressing but somehow had a funny aftertaste that was not characteristic of my fav side caesar. We both ordered the Outback special 9 oz with grilled shrimp on the barbie. WOW the shrimp stole the show! Either it was just that good or the steak was just that bad. I had a lot of chewy parts and the steak had no flavor. I actually had to use A1 sauce. Now if you dotn knowt his already, people in TX use lots of seasoning b/c the meat should be able to STAND ON ITS OWN.. and not be downed w/ sauces. Not this steak.  Blah. I wouldnt order it again. If I came bk here again, I'd def. not order steak! .
4	I like this outback. I now realize I have reviewed outbacks in 2 states..they should hire me as a mystery customer haha...The place was pretty busy and the hostess sat me right away even though my whole party hadn't arrived..I was grateful but started to feel bad when my serve kept checking in and my family was so sloooow..Overall the salad I got was pretty good and they kept me full of bread..my son got a good sized burger and they were able to accommodate my FIL's Gluten Free Requests...Overall, pretty good, pretty quick service, etc..Writing my reviews is like de ja vu..I need to get out more and not order the same thing every time at the same place haha..creature of habit...
5	The service here was excellent! The wait staff were super attentive and knowledgeable of the menu items. My friend's steak was over-cooked and the owner himself came out and apologized and even brought him the replacement entree, potatoes and all. Even gave him a card for a free bloomin' onion as a token of apology, though it was not asked for. Very nice place.
3	To commemorate Kristina D.'s library program about world culture, my friends and I have decided to go on a food tour of the countries she covers. This week was Australia and Outback Steakhouse is as creative as we are going to get with this country unless we can find pasties and meat pies. There is nothing spectacular about Outback, but you will definitely get a good meal. Arriving at 8:30pm, there was no line and were seated quickly. After a day of amazing service, our waitress for tonight was ok. Our drinks took some time to come out, but we had bread to distract us. Once the blooming onion came out it looked like a pack of lions ravaging a zebra carcass. I had ordered the 16oz. prime rib and it comes with two sides; the wedge salad subbing the ranch with the mustard vinaigrette to begin with and a sweet potato to go along with my meal. The salad was delicious. The sweet potato was good, but I should have asked for the brown sugar and butter on the side. It doesn't need it. Everyone else ordered steaks and were happy with their meals. Outback is not my first choice when it comes to satisfying my carnivore appetite, but it will do. At $23 for my meal, you can find prime rib for cheaper at most places in Vegas.
5	Jason Bryd is the owner here and should be very proud. Food is always top notch. Love the ahi tuna. This is the only restaurant I enjoy going to... and only this location. My husband and I always sit at the bar because we love being taken care of by Adam the bartender. Adam is easy going and pays attention to details. Love Love Love the food and service here!!
5	A no-brainer.Outback Steakhouse is my favorite restaurant of all-time.  From their hot honey wheat bread and butter (with a hint of vanilla) to their succulent, fall-off-the-bone baby-back ribs and their mouth-watering delicious ribeye steaks, you can't go wrong at Outback.  You won't end up breaking your wallet here, either.First off, the baby back ribs are the best I've ever had anywhere.  And I'm speaking of Outback Steakhouse in general, not just this location.  Second off, I was surprised to learn that they don't serve Teriyaki Ribeye at this location...I've seen it at practically every one I've been to in California.  When I inquired about it, they said they can serve the teriyaki sauce on the side, which is definitely the way to go.  The Teriyaki Ribeye is also my favorite steak I've ever had, anywhere.  Just an FYI.And that bread...Jesus Christ, that bread.  It's to die for.  Seriously, if you haven't been to one of these restaurants before, you owe it to yourself to check it out.  You won't be sorry. (I should get paid for this review or something.)
5	Michelle is by far the best server here.  When you go to this Outback be sure to ask for Michelle if she's available.During the holiday's get a Gingerbread Martini.  Yum!!
1	Well, this is the "THIRD" time this certain location has tried to pass off a sirloin for a fillet!!! My wife and I eat here pretty regular but, it seems from time to time they try to slip in the notorious sirloin for the fillet.  My question is: ( HOW ) many times do they do this a day / week  to other people???  Yea, and charge the higher price and get away with it.  Some people have good pallets  ( my wife ) and others unfortunately don't. No wonder they make a killing!!!  Fillet's don't have grizzle line running through them.  So, if you eat at this particular Outback........"BEWARE"!!!!  Don't get scammed.
3	This is a good family place to bring the kids.  I like it for this and it is fun as well...a.  Ambiance - In a street mall on Sunset between Mountain Vista and Green Valley Pkwy.  With all the other stores/ restaurants here, parking always seems to be a challenge, in and out is crowded, however, not overly busy.  Inside, the restaurant is very welcoming, has seating for a wide variety of party sizes.  4 stars.b.  Service - From the moment you attempt to open the doors, and instead the staff opens them for you, to being seated and having a server, I found the Service here to be top notch and a reason to come back. They will treat you and your family like VIP clients.  I give them 5 star.c.  Food -  We had the Blooming Onion - not bad, gotta have one.Chicken Rib Combo - Tasted good, way too much fries on this and not enough meat though.  3 star.Sirloin and Lobster tail - Son ordered this and scarfed it down. Lobster easy to extract from the tail and the steak was tender. A bit expensive, however, pretty good.  4 star.Mac N Cheese - My daughter had this and the consistency was very "runny" The sauce was not thick, more watery.  I give this 2 star.  needs improvement.Ribeye - Served with Garlic Mash and String Bean.  The wife ordered this and I give it a solid 3.  Not too shabby, nothing to write home about.Salmon and Vegetables - the salmon was pretty good, about 3-4 ounce service.  Yet, the vegetables were very typical and a bit bland.  The portion I thought was a bit spartan, however, I goes for being a healthy choice, it should be.GK says check it out for a family affair.  Not shabby, especially if Olive Garden is fool and you are in the franchise, convenient and average type of food that I consider to be not bad at all.
4	Great food but portion size is small and does not "fit" the price!
1	Was the very best in town know the owner asst manager needs to be replaced along with the greeter at the door who insulted wife and I after waiting over an hour. Josh refuses to take care of problem. BEWARE !!!Crying shame I will be starting a legal process this week.
2	This place was a disappointment!  This place was to say the least stingy with there portions and have never been to an outback that gave me 3 little cucumber bits in my salad.  That was considered extra cucumbers so I ask for more like enough to cover my whole little salad and I got the dirty looks.  Plus the salad itself was big enough for a 2 year old and that was my meal.  I order the house salad as a meal all the time and I get enough for 3 people.  My husband meal was big enough for a 4 year old...what is it with this particular outback and there small portion sizes.  I was not impressed and next time I visit Vegas this place will not be on my list of places to eat.
5	The service here is friendly ,your drink is never empty! Staff is well tuned they know how work at high volume well.
4	Really nice bar for an Outback, as usual food is the standard delicious Outback fare
4	No shrimp on this Barbie. Strictly Soup & Salad Barbie at Outback in this house. The best part is I can order it online and then bump to Tupac, tweeze stray eyebrows and wait for them to bring it out to my car. Now that's VIP service playa!They have a soup and salad combo deal for $9.99. Plus tax and tip I'm back on the road for just under $15. It also comes with a loaf of that unhealthy, but super fucking good honey wheat bread. The portion of the soup has gotten smaller over the years, but still seems to be the perfect portion to satisfy me. My favorite is the Creamy Onion, but will settle for the Potato if I have to. The salad is my favorite simple dinner salad around. Cherry tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, cheddar cheese, olives and garlicky soft, buttery amazing croutons. Top it all off with their homemade Ranch dressing which I'm convinced drizzled on bubble wrap or a hairy elbow it would still rock my universe. This meal is by no means healthy, but it is my comfort meal that doesn't leave me bloated for days. Especially enjoy it during hoodie season. Beautiful salad porn take one:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zEOfVGv6DeprEzmFYMFhXA?userid=Sv48jgljDP-CRfXmU8uSgA#yHDt1iDFgHvGdrfwhFYQ6QOnline Ordering.  Only problem is they don't always have the soup you want even though the online system lets you order it. I don't like this. They need to fix this shit. The guys and girls that bring it out to your car are always cool and make sure you have your full order. In return I am nice to them.Yes, 15 bucks is a little steep for a freakin' salad and cup of soup, but it's good for the soul and I don't have to do tons of social interaction to get it thanks to the online ordering and curbside pickup. I can go home and eat it in my Underoos and legwarmers and get my Honey Boo Boo on. #fuckingwinning.
4	My Saturday  first time at an Outback in over 5 years, after a long day of Halloween shopping we finally agreed to give a whirl. Amazingly accurate wait time from the host staff and beverage jar with water for while you are waiting. Our server, Michelle, was one of the best servers I have had. She was super busy but attentive and always went a step above, even with my crazy requests and indecision. The children's meal was great. Salads were fabulous The vinaigrette on the Wedge cut the creamy dressing and blue cheese perfectly. The new crab and avocado appetizer was good but lacking in seasoning. A little salt then perfect! My only disappointment which I did for get about because of the service is the grilled scallops. The menu does not mention they are slathered in sauce and I like mine virgin with light lemon. All in all a great meal, we will definitely be back!
1	The food here was great, but the service was terrible.  Our server, Amanda flubbed the order, blamed the kitchen and never came back to let us know what was going on.  When my food finally came out, my husband had finished his meal.  This girl never checked back to see how the new order was.  Completely ignored us save to drop the bill.  She didn't offer to take care of anything.  When I suggest she do take the meal off, she became very hostile.  No manager was present.  We left angry and will not return.  There ate so many other places to get good food in this town,  why pay for crap service?
5	We went on Halloween night for dinner 4 adults and 5 kids.  All the workers were dressed up and we were lucky to be served by Anthony M.  He was dressed up as "the most interesting man in the world"!!  He did an outstanding job and were were extremely impressed.  We got a great deal/surprise thy the kids meals were free due to coming on Halloween and we were lucky to win a free future steak meal. This was an awesome end to a fun day!!  Anthony M. was a superstar!! Check out his picture.....
5	Great food!  I was impressed by the new decor and the staff was incredible. I am definitely going back soon. BEST RANCH IN TOWN!
4	What is a veg' doing reviewing Outback, you wonder? well. . .I like to give cred where I see fit. It wasn't my choice of restaurant of course, but my friend Angie gave me that doe-eyed look when I suggested that our dinner spot could be her choice. I will admit that upon arriving I assumed I'd be stuck with an option of salad and....salad. Much to my delight I had some options to choose from and this is what I indulged in:Complimentary bread-Comp bread is just that... you're stuck w/ what you get, but surprisingly it was fluffy and not rock solid when taking a bite and the waitress didn't mind bringing multiple refills to enjoy w/ our entrees. Caesar Salad- Salad was fresh and made perfectly as requested with NO dressing and blue cheese crumbles added on top. No Rules parmesan pasta-I loved this. They have an actual pasta listing where I can ADD meat if I want to or just get the pasta independently. Also, the waitress was good about asking me how "spicy" I want my noodles and made sure I was aware that they use cayenne pepper to add spice which I appreciated knowing.Strawberry Peach Sangria-Light floral notes w/ floating strawberries on top. Delicious to say the least and something refreshing I could sip throughout dinner.Not my first, second, or third choice to eat as a vegetarian, but as far as being accomodating to my diet, I'd say above average.
4	Awesome service at the bar. Really friendly bar staff. Fast service. Food was good, not great, but I'd go back.
3	Okay, so as part of my new years resolution I have been trying to eat better, more salads, less red meat etc....It sucks but oh well.Anyways, I had a craving for steak and we were right next to an Outback, oh well why not, sure it's not going to be great, but really, outback is the McDonalds of the Steak world, nothing amazing but you know what you are going to get.Which pretty much sums it up, the wife had a chicken salad, I had the sirloin.Steak was cooked to perfection, potato had way to much salt on it as ever, but nothing really negative about the meal.
1	I grew up in San_Diego and the Outbacks Ive been too there were fine. Always got a table even if we had to wait. We also always got our food which should be a no brainer but... Ive always liked Outbacks food, when you can get it. So this isnt a review about there decent food but about this particular stores service. During the week they're closed until 4pm. So me and the fam are the first ones in right at 4. We're seated and there we sat for 45 minutes. We got to watch other people eat whle we continued to wait. People who got there much later then us were already eating. We did ask the waitress before we walked out whats going on with our food and she said the food is coming out slowly but surely. The funny thing is her other tables were all eating except us. I honestly think because we got there first they kicked our order to the back. We got up and left. The manager followed us out and asked us if there was anything he could do? Im thinking '"dont fucking ask me! Tell me what you can do for us!". Just stupid because you know he wasn't going to offer anything. Richie Cunningham look alike...lol.
4	I've eaten here a few times and have never been let down. The wait can be long for dinner especially on the weekends, so don't come ravenous or you will be tempted to run to the drive thru nearby.The service we've had was always friendly and followed with a manager's check in.I usually shkoff down the filet with lobster and I must say for a local's spot, their filet is pretty good and the lobster is not an oversized shrimp but a decent sized lobster tail that rivals any nice steakhouse in my opinion.For under $30, I sometimes wonder why we bother going to the strip for steak a la cart when you get all the fixings here at Outback with your meal. Plus you don't have to dress to impress here, atmosphere is casual and you come to eat.
5	Outback is one of my favorite places for a steak and they did not disappoint. Everything fresh and cooked perfect ,  love the spice and combined with broccoli , onions and mushrooms , one of my favorite meals.
3	This will not be a happy ending for me. My husband had to send his steak back. I had to send my pork dish back it was very under cooked. I Did provide pictures of all the dishes We had. I'm doing this review as We wait on our cheese cake. Ugh the soup and chopped salad was great even the bread was good. But the last dish they are just falling on they face. I came to eat! So the manger telling me my food is done but I don't want to eat it is such a dumb statement. She made me so angry I didn't even respond to that remark. I guess she thinks I'm at the mall yeah that's it...I came to buy shoes because noone in they right mind would come to a steakhouse and wonna eat. It's like little mama look here as hungry as I am you not going to get my plate back because I'm as hungry as a hostage. You have the dish back ONLY because I don't wish to die eating from eating under cooked pork. Oh as always I provided pictures u can see I spit out bits of under cooked meat...  No I don't think I will return. She was more into telling me how the dish is cooked how its so called slow cooked. Look I'm gonna tell it how it is...Its not my job to care how it cooked its my job to order, eat,  pay, and yelp...she made me so mad I took the picture just to show you all I spit the food out. This is the only picture Ive taken of its kind. To prove a point. Even a 3 year old knows that if someone spits out food its NOT good. Pffff! But they get 3 stars for the soup salad and bread.
3	I've never been a big Outback fan. To me it's another over rated chain restaurant that draws people in because of its decent prices and average food. I went because we have a couple of gift cards and it really is close to my house. My partner got the ribs. They were tasty with a decent sauce and very tender. I got the grilled salmon. It was average, but I didn't expect more at a steakhouse. The grilled asparagus was a pleasant surprise. My other surprise is that after two days, my stomach is finally getting back to normal. I'm not too happy about that. I still have money remaining on the gift card, but not excited about returning. I guess next time I'll stick to the beef. I've tried several times to go to this place on the weekend, but the lines have been out the door. I refuse to wait at Outback. They are so darn popular. This visit was on a Thursday night and there was no wait.
1	Because the french onion soup at YardHouse did not satisfy me and I remembered that the french onion soup at Outback Steakhouse was pretty yummy, I asked my fiancee to take me there.  Initially, he thought I wanted steak so he suggest we go to the steakhouse at Green Valley Ranch.  I told him that Outback has the 4 course meal for $15, which is a steal!  Not really when you consider the quality of food served to you.Both Earl and I opted to pay a supplementary charge of $8 to get the 6 oz Victoria Center Cut Filet.  It supposed to be tender, but guess what?  Mine had the sinue, which made it tough and chewy as hell.  I tried really hard to cut the sinue off, but ended up having Earl cut it  off for me.  C'mon now Outback...Can you really call it "tender" with that piece of crap it it?I also paid the $1 upgrade to change the walkabout soup of the day to my french onion soup.  At least that was good.  Earl had the walkabout soup, which is lentil and sausage soup.  He commented that it's a good thing I didn't get that soup because it tastes like crap.  When it came time for dessert, there are only two choices to chose from, the cheesecake or the carrot cake.  We took that home and I did not enjoy the cheesecake.  What kind of cheesecake does not have a crust?  This crappy cheesecake at Outback Steakhouse.  WTF?  Seriously people.  Stick with the crust because this noncrust cheesecake is crap.Now service...CRAPPY as well.  The server breath smells bad.  Every time he talks, I have to gasp for air in a different direction.  Additionally, he happened to left his drink tray on our table while tending to other guests.  WTF again.  After he took a table's order, gave another table their to go boxes, clean some plates off of another table, he then picked up that drink tray without saying one word to us.  The night's dinner experience was crappy, nonetheless, I am OUT and never come BACK.
4	In the realm of steak restaurants, Outback has its place somewhere in the middle.  With that in mind, I give it four stars purely on a value basis.  Proportional to the cost of the meal, it's pretty good.  You will never mistake it for one of the many great steak houses in town, but at about 1/2 - 1/3 the price, you should be satisfied with what you got.  Its positioning across from the Galaxy Luxury+ Theatre has surely boosted business (true for all eateries around there), so make sure to give yourself a couple of hours lead time if you're planning on seeing an evening movie.  In terms of value oriented steak restaurants Outback is just a notch under Billy Bob's.
5	I seem to find that I can always count on Outback Steakhouse to deliver awesome food and superb service. My Mother-in-law frequently sends my husband and I gift cards to Outback so we pull up to the bar at our favorite location and every time Adam, the bartender remembers our names and has a smile on his face! We do not even bother getting a table, we just eat at the bar. I tend to order the 6 oz.filet, with the house salad and the tangy tomato dressing with a loaded baked potato. What could be wrong with that! I say nothing, it is always delicious and I am so crazy for the tangy tomato dressing, did you know you can ask to buy it to take home...or I will order the Alice Springs chicken with the same sides, and that is always just as good too. I love this place, it is great, the price is right, the atmosphere cozy and it is consistent!
5	I was super impressed by this location especially the host Aaron. He went out of his way to make our anniversary special, and was very personable. Oh and the food was amazing too. We had baby back ribs and steak mmmm *drools*
4	It's Outback Steakhouse, which are pretty much the same across the country. There is nothing exceptional about the food or menu at this location, but I am leaving a review because of the excellent service I receive every time I visit. They are always friendly and almost always get the order right, even on pick up orders.One thing I will suggest is a simple phone tree that tells the hours and lets you select to order a pick up. It can sometimes take a while for them to transfer the call over.
1	We got the avocado and lobster dip entree. It cost $10 bucks and I kid you not we only got 15 little chips and the whole thing was so salty we couldn't even get through it all. The baby back ribs tasted OK and the fries were awesome but after about 30 minutes we both had upset stomachs. Needless to say the whole experience was a letdown (it was my first time there) and a waste of $50 dollars (which is way to expensive for a casual dinner, in my eyes). However, the servers were very nice and hospitable, so that's a plus.
5	Had a really great time here this past sunday night! We hadn't been to Outback in a while, but had gift cards and thought we'd check it out.Walked in about 7pm, and were seated right away, even though they looked busy. Our server, Amanda, was great- very attentive and friendly. I was pleased right away to see that they had some new menu items- those new shakes look awesome! We ordered a couple of beers, and a Bloomin' Onion to start. Amanda asked if we wanted the half size, which was great since I didn't know they could do that! It was the perfect size for 2 people! For dinner, my husband and I both ordered the new Steak and Lobster combo. They have different options to upgrade. I got the $14.99 version, which was tasty (only comes with one side) and the hubs ordered the upgraded Victoria's filet for a little more. He said it was great, and I believe him since he ate it all before I got a chance to ask for a taste! The best part was that I had mentioned to our server that we were celebrating an anniversary, and right as we finished our meal Amanda brought out a complimentary dessert for us!!! It was the new French Toast Bread Pudding with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. I normally am not a fan of Bread Pudding, but it was so delicious!!! There wasn't one bite left. Thanks, Amanda!! We really enjoyed our evening out, and even without gift cards, it wouldn't have broken the bank! We'll definitely return soon to try some of those other new items!!!
4	Overall my family and I absolutely love the Outback Steakhouse. Their food is fresh and delicious. The atmosphere is welcoming, lively, and warm. The servers are friendly and just need to be a little more attentive, organized, and not in such a hurry. Outback Steakhouse receives an A- in my book, and could easily be bumped to an A+ if they hire more servers or retrain the ones they have.
5	Had dinner tonight at this  restaurant.  Our server's name was Theresa.  She was very friendly and treated us as if were her only customers.  There was no hurrying even though the restaurant was very busy.  My husband ordered a steak medium rare.  When our order was done  I noticed that the steak was a little more done than he wanted. .  He would have eaten it as it was but  she went and got the manager who insisted that they make him another the way he wanted.  The next steak was just the way he wanted it.  I was very pleased and will definitely return there in the future.  My only suggestion is that you make a reservation as otherwise there is a long wait.
1	We haven't been to outback in a long time cause is past experiences but I thought we'd give it a try again. All 3 Of our meals were over seasoned & 2 were under cooked. The mgr came over & said, "I'm sorry it wasn't cooked perfectly for you, I can have them lightly season it." Ummm it's not my first time here, I don't need it lightly seasoned, I would like it Seasoned the way it should be in first place. She said something again like it was our fault, Our taste buds, but I read 3 other reviews that the food was too salty. I didn't want my steak recooked by this point but my husband got his & it was so long by the time we got it so we took it to go. I think the grill hasnt been cleaned In so long it cooked a crust on the porterhouse so thick it tasted dirty. Won't even feed that to our dog. Please don't waste Time or money.
5	I really enjoyed the service I received at this Outback. I know that restaurants are often busy and I usually feel like the personal, friendly service is sacrificed but we were treated very well.
4	I love Outback. They have the best Cheeseburgers! I know normal people go for steaks but I always get the cheeseburger. They also have a drink called Wild Tea that is to die for! :)
3	After a long night of drinking, I was craving a steak.  Outback was the closest place to a steakhouse near me and since I've always had a good experience there, it was a sure win!This location is a stand along building on the south side of Sunset avenue, in the same lot as Lee's Discount Liquor and Wildfire Lanes.  If you've been to an Outback before, you've been to them all.  It's filled with wooden panels, neon lights and seems to be very consistent with every Franchise.  I did appreciate the fact that there was a separate entrance to the Take out service, as I was in my PJs, however, the take out area was SUPER small.  There was already someone else waiting there and already seemed to be very packed.  Don't get me wrong though, the staff was super nice, super attentive and more than willing to help me out, however, thank goodness I called ahead.  For dinner, I got the 12 oz. Ribeye steak for $22.49.  One of my favorite cuts of meat, well marbleized, savory and full of flavor.  I ordered my steak medium rare and on the wood fire grill.  For the sides, you get 2 btw, I ordered the garlic mashed potatoes and the steamed green beans.  The green beans were crunchy and fresh!  I can tell they were sauteed a little in oil.  The mashed potatoes were nice, not too creamy and wasn't garlicy at all.  In fact, I couldn't tell there was garlic, really.  The steak was seasoned very well.  I highly recommend having it done on the woodfire grill as you'll get a smokey flavor.  The inside was cooked to my liking, however, it seemed my steak was overly stringy.  Now I've had many Ribeyes in my days and have always had it medium rare.  This cut seemed very close to a Chuck eye, rather than a ribeye.  I'm sure it wasn't a chuck eye, but I don't necessarily think this cut was top notch.  This visit was just alright for me.  It wasn't a stand out in my book.  I've always stood behind Outback, so I know I'll be back.  Hopefully my next visit to this place offers a little more than this last time.
2	Worst steak I have ever had in my entire life! The sauce was good. My gf or I didn't even finish half of what we ordered. They get 1 star because the service was goodThey get 1 star because if I didn't have a hair in my macaroni I would have eaten it.
3	So my fiance and I had dinner at this Outback and I just had to make this review, mostly regarding the service. We both thought it was strange that our server asked if my fiance wanted his Amstel Light in a bottle when that is the only way they serve it. Also I had asked for veggies as one of my sides and I got the baked potato so had to wait for my veggies a few more minutes after my meal got there. BUT my biggest complaint was that our server poured me my 2nd glass of wine, which was a different type of wine into the same glass that I already had been using. That is such poor Restaurant etiquette that I really wish I would have said something. Food was pretty good. I tried their lamb for the first time. It had a good flavor but it was very fatty.
5	Rave reviews about our $11.99 steak special!  We had great service, got right in on a Sunday night and our dinner was delicious.  5 stars for this Outback!  Fabulous!
5	Visited Outback for mine & my wife's anniversary last night and couldn't complain about a thing. Food was delicious, staff were friendly & everything was really well priced. Our server was great and kept delivering the bread (my wife's favorite). We took our cheesecakes to go since my wife wasn't feeling too fantastic. Next day, my wife called me up all angry because I ate her entree from the night before, which I did NOT because I value a happy life! Somehow, it had not made it's way into our "to-go box". I called Outback and spoke to their manager there. His name was Dan and he was a real nice guy. The customer service was fantastic, I couldn't believe it! I'll definitely return since I was really satisfied with everything. Thanks again Dan
5	Andie who is serving our take out is AMAZING! Such beyond amazing service. We liked this place just fine before, now we LOVE! I am repeatedly blown away by great impeccable service when it's seems a missing art.
4	Had a little incident and the staff was very helpful. Jason was exceptional. We enjoyed our meal. Steak was cook to order, it is hard for me to get that everywhere I go. Thank you again to the Staff that helped us because of the incident in the bathroom. Thank you Megan as well. Max was our server and he was very patient with us too. Thank  You all.
5	I had the most amazing dinner I've had in a while and the service was amazing! I was sitting at the bar with my boyfriend and was helped by Andy (I believe) and nick and they were very happy to help us with our drinks and order. I had the maple mustard pork chops(AMAZING) and my boyfriend had the steak an shrimp. We both had a great time and dinner was delicious!
5	I wanted to pass on my utmost gratitude for the outstanding hospitality that was shown to my family by their Staff.  Our experience began from the moment we walked in to exiting! Our food sever was off the chart. How he kept up his sense of humor, enthusiasm and energy levels is beyond my belief. He helped us with our dining choices and was so knowledgeable about every thing on your menu. Checking on us to make sure we enjoyed ourselves. Our soft drinks were never empty, he kept them topped off,which is very rare in restaurants these days.Seems you have to always ask for refills in other places.I sincerely appreciate your outstanding work and customer service. I did take notice that the manager (Jason) was very visible and talked to every table, making sure that all customers were getting the service and quality of food they deserve. Jason is doing an outstanding job running this establishment. He has an OUTSTANDING  staff!  Great Management.!What an awesome experience! Food was WONDERFUL!   I cannot wait for the Outback to open on Stephanie Street in Henderson, which is closer to my home and I heard will be open for lunch.. (yea) Instead of frequenting your place once a month it looks like it will be once or twice a week!Thank You AgainService was stupendous!
5	Last night I took my Mom out to dinner she wanted Outback! AGAIN suburb service! from the hostess to our Food Server Raphael! He was great. I had a problem with my meal and within minutes the manager Billy was at our table to fix the situation! I can see why my Mom loves this place.. They are friendly and the service is Awesome. Food was great! Manager was visible at all times which shows he cares about his restaurant and the quality of service and food in his place..I give this place 3 thumbs up even though I only have two!! Keep up the good work.. We will be back! Thank You Raphael for Great service!
4	Consistent food quality with multiple people checking on us for bread and drink refills, confirming everything was okay and the manager even stopping by to introduce herself.  Hard to find the building but their new location will be great...the wait not so much.
1	Read this before coming to this location because this is worst dining experience I've ever had and I'm in the hospitality business! The wait time was 80 minutes and when we were seated we didn't have straws or silverware for at least twenty five minutes. We repeatedly asked for them and the waiter kept replying that they would but nothing happened until the manager was involved. Our food literally sat in front of us while we stared at it with no silverware and no one was proactive about solving the problem. Our food orders were wrong, refills were very delayed, and to top this whole experience off it was my dad's birthday dinner :( The response at the end of the night was "sorry, I'll try better next time" and barely anything was discounted. We were so excited for this location to open, we literally counted down the days and chose it as the birthday location but we seriously recommend you going to the location on sunset and not this one. They DO NOT have it figured out yet. The location is beautiful but the people they hired are service amateurs.
2	Food was great hats off to the cooks and the Executive Chef. But have a issue right now while I'm here at the restaurant with my family. My waiter is still missing in action and refills are never attended. I been waiting for a check so we can leave while I still writing this post. Finally he shows. Thanks for the great food!!! My waiter is a nice guy and smiles but never here to build his tips. Sorry but I do speak my mind. Please don't take me wrong we are still coming to your place. Why is because this company has a great cooks, Great Job!!! Jayson Wells702-335-1035
1	Took an hour for our steak, waitress finally served our steak but never returned to check on us.
2	My first experience ever eating at Outback Steakhouse wasn't all that great. I was really excited for this location to open. So the wait wasn't all that bad considering they were busy. I think we waited 15-20 min at the most. The server was at our table fast. We ordered the seared ahi which was delicious. My husband ordered the steak salad and I ordered ahi sesame salad. The food was finally here. My husband's salad was missing the steak. How bad of a cook do you have to be to forget the steak on the steakhouse salad????? My salad had the ahi and the lettuce. Nothing else!!! The 5 other ingredients it came with were missing. Red peppers, cilantro, sesame seeds, almonds and sesame vinaigrette. We sat there waiting for out waiter to show up. I even looked up the menu to make sure I wasn't going crazy and my salad was missing all that. He showed up and we showed him the salads. He said I'll be right back. Came back with what looked like a fourth of a steak cut up. Looked like someone was in a hurry and that's all they had so they slap it on the plate. All my stuff was still missing. And his reply was " we don't have the brightest people working in the kitchen". Really? Nice of you to talk like that about your coworkers. So after we gathered all the ingredients for our salads they weren't really bad but nothing I would go back for. I know they opened not too long ago but come on get your stuff together. I'd rather eat at miller's ale house across the street.
4	Wanted to try out this place since I think I've been to Outback only  once...maybe 10 years ago lol and because they just opened this location last week. Very clean, lots of seating and nice atmosphere.We arrived around 5:40 yesterday and they told us the wait was about an hour! Ah! But we wanted to try it so the girl took our name down, told us to come back around 6:10 and we walked to Petsmart. We came back right at 6:10 and seated us after 2 minutes. Nice! Only a 30 minute wait. Our waitress was awesome, I feel bad that I forgot her name but I do remember she was a Brown's fan lol. She was funny, knew the menu, gave us recommendations and probably stopped by our table around 10 times just to make sure we were doing alright, refilling our drinks and making us feel comfortable since the kitchen was really backed up and there was only one bartender. They just opened last week so it's totally understandable that they haven't worked out all the kinks yet.Onto what we ordered! Pitcher of Strawberry Peach Sangria: Refreshing, sweet but not like candy and a great deal at $15 since we got 4 glasses worth.Aussie fries: I loove cheese fries with bacon! However these were a 2.5/5. Not that seasoned or that much bacon and the cheese only covered the top layer of fries. Once you got under those top 10 fries, you were left with regular french fries. Wah! I will have to point out though that the bacon we did get wasn't overly cooked to a crisp like most places and I really liked that.12 oz Ribeye: Boyfriend got this and said it was pretty good. He said it wasn't a perfect medium rare but it was good enough. And he loved the loaded baked potato.Alice springs chicken + coconut shrimp combo: Yum! I got this and it hit the spot for my calorie loaded craving. Chicken had melted cheese, mushrooms and bacon with a mustard sauce on the side. And the coconut shrimp was good sized, had great flavor and came with a sweet marmalade sauce. I could definitely come back for this.No dessert cause we finished around 7:30 and had to catch a movie at 8.I don't usually go to places like this, I feel like it's just a  step up from chili's, applebee's, or tgif but everything had good sized portions, decent flavor, and service was really good. Will definitely be back when I'm craving this type of food.
1	Newly opened and here for a first time! First impressions BAD! DIRTY bread plates, waitress threw uncovered straws in the glasses from her apron pocket bare handed. Slow service due to busy day. But we didn't have to wait to be seated, so that is the only plus so far. I, of course, asked for the manager and explained my concern. I told her that if the Health District was here to observe my service that I am certain that they would have some demerits!  She arrived with new waters and covered straws "from the bar." Said the restaurant was out! New waiter came and called us guys. I had to correct him and told him I am NOT a guy! I ordered Sesame Grilled Salmon Salad. Jack ordered Caesar Salad with grilled shrimp. He is looking forward to the Skillet Apple Pie /ice cream.
2	Stopped going to the Sunset road location in Las Vegas about a a year ago because food was not good anymore. When the new one opened up on Stephanie St In Henderson, we'd thought we'd give it one more shot. BIG MISTAKE! Steaks were not cooked as ordered, even when cooked a second time. Service wasn't the best either. Only thing good was the bread & salmon. Big disappointment Outback.....
5	The dinner was a great experience !  The new building is really nice and the staff did a good job.  We had the lobster tacos, the roaster chicken and the 16oz Prime Rib, all three dishes were outstanding.I recommend this Outback to everyone, you won't be disappointed !
2	I realize they recently opened and that's the only reason for the second star.We went there for a family members birthday. Called a day ahead for reservations at 6. Their reservation system isn't reservations. They just put on the waiting list early. So we showed up at 5:40 and checked in. Since we were listed for 6 they said our time started then and would be less than 25 minutes. Well an hour and 20 minutes later we received our beverages at our table located in the bar area.As for the food. My asparagus were burned and tasted like char. The filet was good but as for the steak combo one of us ordered well ridiculous. Australians would be embarrassed that this represented Australia. The steak was so small it more resembled a chicken strip. It was a horrible experience and we won't bet back to any Outback Steakhouse!
3	Updating my terrible review from 5 days ago. The owner of the new Stephanie location personally called me to discuss my bad experience 5 days ago. With the location just opening & it being a busy Friday night it shows he cares taking the time out. I will return to check it out once more.
5	New location!!!Came here around 9:45pm. Had the half order of ribs with garlic mashed potatoes and it was so good. The service was wonderful, ask for Lindsey B!!! She's a great waitress! My hubby had the Alice Springs chicken with fries and my sister had the ribeye steak that was great. I'm coming back!!!
4	We called ahead and they told us we would not wait more then 25 minutes and they got us in right on time! Nice new location! Food was good as Outback always is. We had 8oz Filet (awesome) Outback special (good) Chicken Caesar Salad (excellent)
5	Awesome is all i can say.  Being in a new location this place does get crowded and the wait gets long around dinner time, however if you can sit at the bar, the food is the same, the drinks are better and the service is much faster.The food is awesome, the bartenders are amazingly friendly and provide top notch service.  We really like the food and the value of the $4 items are a great deal.This was the best dinner experience we have had here and will definitely return often.
3	I will start by saying that I do like the new location.  It's a very nice restaurant.  And the people who work there seem friendly.  That being said, the service is a little on the slow side.  I waited awhile to get my drink order, and even longer to place my lunch order.  The salads keep getting smaller and smaller.  it used to be the best salad in the game, but the portion size is very small now.  I ordered an 8 oz Filet medium well, and it was pretty much well done.  I didn't send it back or complain.  I just asked for some Lea & Perrins to put on it, and that took forever to get me a bottle of that.  And the baked potato looked great, but only half of it was edible.  The rest was not cooked.  I did like the new Castaway Cocktail.  It made everything else bearable.  I was already having a pretty rotten day, I really just wanted a good meal.  That's why I went here.  It was decent, but not quite the Outback standard that I've had in the past.
4	Best Outback In vegas.  The staff is always friendly and they always go above and beyond to make sure the customers are happy.  They also have an amazing happy hour until 7pm and you can't beat that.
5	This Outback is their newest prototype and I have to admit, its awesome looking w the new decor...now let's get to the service! The call ahead is awesome! I had a party of 9 booked and they told me they can take us in at 7 but maybe 20-30 min after we check in bcoz its a busy day..honesty on the phone is awesome! Don't make any promises if you can't deliver! We checked in at 7pm and sat down at 7:30..they use a tablet and have all the info in it! Cool! The server was awesome!  She was attentive and helped in our choices...the food? Well they ran out of their steak and all you can eat shrimp special!!!!why did you say I give them 5 stars? It's because when I complained, the actual manager emailed me back and explained the situation....that to me is customer service! The food we had as an alternative was good and the bread was awesome as usual...will I come back? Yes!
5	Always good and a good deal this time, too with all you can eat shrimp. Clean shrimp at that. Thanks
1	This is the first time I've ever walked out of a restaurant without ordering. I can understand they're busy but this is ridiculous. My family and I waited at least an hour and did the whole online "Wait Less" thing. I can tell you that's a hunk of bull. When we were finally seated we waited and waited for at least someone to take our drink orders. That didn't happen and only one person came up to us saying they'll be there shortly (hint: we didn't see them again surprise surprise). I think the icing on the cake was a party who got seated AFTER my family got bread. We didn't even get that. Anyways, I'm disappointed I didn't even get to eat. We'll probably never ever visit this location again.
5	Every time I go to outback, I expect the same thing and get the same thing, which is what I want. This time, I finally got to a newly opened outback and Marcus was my server. He was awesome. He anticipated our needs, was warm and welcoming and was ready when we were. Very personable and competent.  He added to the great food and gave great service. Awwsome work Marcus, we will be back!
5	Came on a busy night and they still got us a table within 5 minutes.  Service was very good (Jason was our waiter).  Was very prompt with refills and was very courteous.  Food was excellent.  Would definitely recommend!
5	Took my mother in law out for lunch . The food was excellent ! Had steak and endless shrimp. Never seen my mom eat so much! They even brought out a special desert for her birthday ! All the staff were super friendly and our waitress Teresa was the best! The prices are very reasonable ! I definitely be going back!
4	The staff is really friendly, food is good and predictable that you will get what you ordered. The place is really busy but they offer call ahead seating which makes the wait short.  Happy hour is fun and it is close to home.  All in all a great addition to Henderson!
3	Had the Victoria's filet 8 oz. It was delicious as always. The mashed potatoes were not very flavorful though. Could have used some garlic or something. I also got a side of snow crab with my order. The cream was alright. It seemed like it was overcooked and it was kinda dry.
1	Why can't establishments higher qualified employees?  This is by far the worst experience at an Outback I've ever had!  Went to eat dinner early at 3pm on 9/21 (Sun.)  Our waitress Melanie A. is the worst most miserable server I've ever seen!  She was so rude and unfriendly....I was almost waiting for the hidden cameras to come out and say it was a joke!  We had the steak and all you can eat shrimp.  What a TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!  Save your money and go to a buffet!  The steak was like shoe leather.  We ordered it Medium rare and it was Well Done and about 3 bites!  Both our baked potatoes were only half cooked!  The shrimp with garlic/herb was so disgusting that I can't even express it enough!  It was like salty mushy shrimp you buy in a can!!!!  It was not even edible!!!!  So we changed it to the fried shrimp.....after waiting 20 minutes for our server to be seen!  I still can't get over how rude she was!  Finally after 35 minutes we get 6 small fried shrimp in a dish!  Wow!!!! Don't hurt yourself Outback!!!!!  Usually "fried shrimp" come with cocktail sauce.....but nope!  Our server Melanie A. didn't bother bringing us any!  I am floored that they can hire such incompetent people to run this place and think it will succeed!  I can tell you that we will never be back here again!  I use to go to the Outback in Detroit.....and it was excellent every single time I went!  So I have to assume it's the people running it in Henderson....that will run it in the ground.  The quality and quantity of the food in Henderson is pathetic!  And almost $4 for a soda?  Are you kidding me?  And NO REFILLS?  You can go to any crappy buffet in this town and get way better food and service!  This place is an over priced joke!!!!!!!  Oh and before I forget!!!!!  The bathrooms were filthy and the floors in the restaurant were horrific!!!!  This place needs to shape up bigtime or ship the hell out!!!!!!
5	Had lunch with my folks. Great lunch menu and prices. The endless soup and salad is delicious. The waiter, Adam, was very friendly and has an infectious unique laugh. Make him laugh and you'll find out!Also, bathrooms were very clean, other staff members were friendly, and prompt with bringing out food/drinks.
5	We come here often and food and service is always very good.
5	One of the best Outback experience I've had.  The service was amazing and the place has more modern decor and even outdoor seating.  They recently moved to this location from the Green Valley / Sunset location which was a good move because it was hard to find being off the street.The family decided they wanted steak, and we have a lot of history with Outback, so why not.  When our family goes to the outback we have 3 traditions: Bloomin Onion, Foster Draft and Steak. The bloomin Onion is worth the trip alone.We were very lucky as we were seated in a booth patrolled by one of the best waiters I've known.  He was better than waiters I've had a 5 star places like Double Eagle.  He was informative but didn't talk too much, and he emphasized that we are there to relax and enjoy the food.  I feel like most of the waiters today see customers as burdens because they let how busy they are take over their attitude.  He did not give us that vibe at all.The food was way better than I remember.  I had a salad, herb encrusted prime rib and a fully loaded baked potato.  All of it was excellent.  The salad was crisp and fresh, the prime rib was hot and tender and the baked potato was soft and packed with flavor.We also treated ourselves to the Oreo mini-milkshake.  It was so good it will be added to the outback tradition as #4.
1	A few years ago I didn't know about Pink Slime meats. It is a process in which meat has additives and ingredients that are pressed hard together to make meat look and taste better. So they say. . There are several companies who are using PERFECT looking meat. No flaws looking do you know what i mean. THE Perfect piece of meat is not really what it seems. I call it Fake Meat. I visited Outback 2 times in the last year due to friends going there. And I saw FAKE meat on the plates. NOT your geniune butcher cut meat straight from a cow. Now I dont know their process or where their meat comes from But I have to give them a thumbs down. As for service always seems good service, but your there to eat, question what you eat and where it comes from. I do.
5	I'm back again at OutBack Steakhouse. I really have to say Adam is awesome (waiter). My son birthday is going off like I expected to be. The only thing I would suggest name tags will help. I really love this restaurant better then Claim Jumper!!! Keep up with the service Adam your awesome. My family will ask for you when we come in at OutBack. Thank you,Jayson Wells 702 335 1035 Findlay Toyota Rep.
3	I am a fan of outback in general, it is a decent enough meal for what it is.  Perhaps it was that I went close to closing time, but the blooming onion wasn't cooked all the way and the chicken that I got was unimpressive.  Waiter was pleasant and the look/atmosphere was the same as any outback I have gone to before.
5	During the last years we decided not to return to this chain due to the bad experiences. Nevertheless, it can be very expensive to eat always at the Strip so we went to the new Outback near Macy's. Lovely interior, not too cold inside.Our waiter was awesome : very polite and giving enough attention. Food came quickly and was warm enough. The new tuna was very good. My husband got the wooded grilled ribeye (njammie !) and our son the spareribs with barbecue sauce. As desert we ordered a Kahlua coffee (just piccobello !) and a cheesecake.We ware happy customers this time. Keep up this level of serving meals...
3	Offered a table by the busy entrance/exit for the kitchen, ni. Next offered the lounge???? Hell to the no! I didn't come here for Aussie beer, but for lobster! Once again, we are NOT "guys!":When I asked about what type of vegetables,  the reply was mixed with broccoli,  snow peas, and squash. So why did my husband receive  all broccoli?  Again, we are not guys! And why did you ask about my coupons before you get the correct veggies? Yew!
4	This location opened a few months back.  After the craziness of a new restaurant opening, enough time passed.  We stopped in for lunch to be greeted and seated immediately.  Our waitress gave us great service.  Polite and friendly is all I ask for and she nailed it.  The manager even stopped by our table to make sure we were enjoying our meals. Very nice!I had ordered the lunch portion chicken Cobb salad.  It was the perfect size with plenty toppings.  The chicken had a wonderful flavor.  I'd order this again.  My husband ordered the filet.  Of course I had to try some.  It was perfect! Medium rare and so tender.  I loved it.  For a chain, I enjoy outback.  This location did a good job!
4	Great date night with the boo. Hostesses were nice, wait was shorter than quoted, food was delicious, food runner was nice and helpful, everything on point.... But the server had the personality of a dirty dishrag. He seemed like he wanted to be ANYWHERE but where he was, didn't smile once, wasn't engaging at all, and not much of a thank you at the end either.
4	This new location is great! Steaks are always delicious! We had a bad experience with the hostess seating people before us who had come in after us. The hostess explained that they were 'regulars' so they received preferred seating. My husband complained to the manager who later haves us dinner and dessert on the house. Can't beat that!
4	Love their salads....  Wedge w/Roquefort dressing. The rib eye ~ seared (was perfectly cooked), salmon (catch of the day)was excellent, and kids menu, medallions of beef, was very good too. Ordered the onion blossom and spicy wings for our family as appetizers. We were a large group, party of 19, and the servers did not make any mistakes. How about that?
4	For a chain, this is an AMAZING place to eat. I was shocked at the great prices. I really enjoyed my time here. Not the best salad but for typical American Cuisine this is pretty good. Enjoyed my sirloin, had a much better taste than anticipated. Had it with the portobello mushrooms and garlic. Amazing french onion soup!
5	Awesome service from the entrance reception to Max the waiter he was attentive, friendly, and nows his stuff, he was also helpful in helping me choose my lunch and never forgot to come by to check if I needed refills for my soda or anything else. I looked around and he was nice to everyone I specially liked that he was very nice to an elderly couple next to my booth. The food was nothing to cry about the stake was just perfect specially since I have found out how hard is to have medium/rare since they either come out medium to well done, definitely not what I asked for, even the baked potato and vegetables were good as they were not under cooked or over cooked. Overall from the service to the food it was excellent I even got a soda refill to go. And they now serve lunch at 11am, hurray!!
3	Had the prime rib and blooming onion. Everything was great. The service was awesome and the restaurant was very nice.  The only thing I can say is the next morning my stomach was not feeling so good. My wife had the same problem. It might have been the blooming onion because we're not used to eating that much onion. I still like it there though and I'll proly just steer away from the onion
2	Hair in my salad. No refills. Didn't ask how my food was or how my steak was cooked. Unpleasant waitress. Need I say more?
5	Best server is Leah!!! She is amazing!!! Best service we have ever had!!! Food and drinks were great! I love their Mac n Cheese!!! Ask for it!!! Coconut shrimp is my favorite!!!!
