5	This is a great new Southern California chain restaurant that just opened (December 2007) in down town Tempe.  They took over for the former Cap Company space on the southeast corner of Mill and Sixth Street and offers a menu of tacos, burritos, enchiladas, etc.The mood is mellow with Mexican folk art paintings, shelves of T-shirts, and an overall unfinished look.  They have 3 hree high-def TVs that hang over an eight-seat bar, and a garage door opens to a sidewalk patio.They have an excellent menu of fast Mexican food that is exactly what you'relooking for while enjoying a game or ending a long night out.
4	Stopped in here one night with a friend, it seemed like a good place to grab a late-night bite, as long as you don't mind sharing a small space with some seriously trashed college students. It wasn't too crowded when we went (around 10 on a Saturday night), but the realllllyyyyy loud drunk girl made up for it. They ended up cranking the music after half an our or so and that forced us out. The food was good (i had beer-battered fish tacos... really filling and spicy) and the bartender was extremely friendly and easygoing.
3	This place probably rocks after a night of drinking on Mill when your taste buds are numb, but for lunch - not so much. Been there a few times now, tried a few different options and I've never been very impressed. Usually order the tacos or a burrito - tortillas are kinda stale, lettuce definitely not as fresh as could be, and the rice and bean sides are just plain gross. Did dig the shrimp though. Small, but tasty. They always blast the TVs too (one at a time of course) - there are 3 over the bar - my friend and I could barely hold a conversation. There are definitely better Mexican places on and around Mill.
2	Yuck. This place is gross. Tortillas and lettuce are not fresh, salsa sucks - tastes like tomato sauce. TV's are annoying. That aside the patio and happy hour are decent - just go for drinks.. Or get so drunk you can't tast how bad the food is. Or better yet, walk down to Taco Del  Mar - it's actually better than the food here.
2	This place has a sleek look to it, but with plasma televisions all over the place the customer ends up getting stuck with their trickle-down cost on the overpriced menu.  Speaking of the menu, it is fairly generic in terms of Sonoran-Mexican cuisine. If you want a better meal, friendlier service (not being rushed through like cattle), try Restaurant Mexico one block north on Mill, it is better food at half the price.
4	We stumbled in here in need of nourishment after an afternoon of bar hopping on a game Saturday.  Busy, but still really quick to get food, drinks and a seat at the bar.  It was some sort of Saturday special on Miller Lite and plenty of TVs for football.
2	A friend of mine works across the street from this place and he gets food here all the time.  He once took me there and this is what I've concluded:  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ TVs for games.  I'm a football girl and I like big flatscreens to watch games on.+I'm not 21 yet, but this place has a nice feel as far as bars go.- Food is gross.  Plain and simple.  Yes, I am a vegetarian, but the only thing I didn't eat was the meat... and it still wasn't good.  A burrito should be good with or without meat.- Open seating.  It's a garage-turned-restaurant (or it least it looks like it) and so the place is WIDE open.  There tall bar stools and tables everywhere and the only nice place to sit is on couch-benches that don't have tables.-/+  I guess if you're drunk and need a little something-something to eat, this would be a good place to go.  But it's not a good place to get a good meal.- Prices suck.  If you're going to do it Chipotle style, at least be cheaper than the chain.
5	I have been a fan of this place since it opened. The Tequilaria style is a big plus for me, because it allows me to get my favorite beer with my "fatty tacos". I normally have to get the same thing because it is one of those places, when you find what you like, why change? (carnitas tacos)Although they have a larger selection when it comes to entrees, meats, and toppings than Chipotle. Everything from Mahi Mahi, to shredded or grilled steak. Going there for games if great, because they always have  3 large HDTVs above the bar. Little secret of the trade, if it is a slow Sunday/Monday/ect. night you can get them to play Rock Band on their PS3. Oh yeah, and the other Wednesday night I saw they were holding some kind of Madden Tournament, I think. Pretty cool to have in a bar I thought.
3	Four reasons I come here: it's downstairs from where I work, they have decent prices, the bartender makes a pretty good margarita and I like the patio.Not a huge fan of their food and in the summertime when the windows are closed it kinda stinks when you first walk in, but overall it's a good place for drinks on a patio-type day on Mill.
4	While in Tempe for work, I discovered Chronic Taco....and fell in love!  It kind of reminds me of a nicer version of Chipotle with a much larger selection.  The refried beans are made right there in the restaurant and they grill the shrimp fresh to order.  They also have a large menu, with a lot of different choices.  I would give Chronic Taco five stars, but I just wasn't a huge fan of the salsa.  I enjoy my food HOT, and their hot salsa wasn't hot enough for me.  I would've also liked to have seen a bigger veggie selection.  All in all, I REALLY miss Chronic Taco.  I live in Ohio and I would be deliriously happy if we had one here!!
4	This place is the cat's ass. It's cheap, the food is pretty good, the service is great, and it's just a good place to watch a game. It is never going to get 3 Michelin stars, but it certainly deserves better than some under-21 year-old vegetarian saying that it's gross. It's a bar that serves cheap tacos, what do you expect?
3	Any night that includes Chronic Tacos is sure to result in blacking out.  I just can't escape their reverse Chronic Hour specials.  $1 Landsharks (used to be Tecate, I actually prefer the Landshark though)$2 Jager Bombs $3 Rockstar Vodka$4 Long islands (?)$5 Cabo Wabo shotsI don't exactly remember if that's quite right.  That whole blacking out thing.  All I ever remember is going up the ladder from $1-$5. . .then doing it again. . .then again. . .Then waking up the next morning puking their horrible horrible food and swearing off drinking.  Until I recover and start drinking again.
4	Best reverse happy hour in Tempe. 4 stars is only for the bar -- not the food as my liver was in charge that night. Chronic Tacos is one of those places where things can go downhill quickly - but all in fun and cheap drinks. The $3 rockstar/vodkas were our poisons of choice. Busy, but not crowded Chronic at 9-ish was fun and likeable wih their comfortable black leather booths.Our happy hour last week that turned into a reverse happy hour resulting in free acrobatic entertainment by yours truly on the light rail. At Chronic Tacos, just remember: buyer beware.
3	I would give the food 2 stars.  I've only gone once so maybe I need to give this place the benefit of the doubt and try it again.  I got the carne asada tacos with the works and the meat was just awful and grainy/mealy.  The soft taco even fell apart on the first bite.  The place itself  made up for the experience entirely.  It was super cute (fun ambiance and decor) and great for watching sports with a small group of friends (Suns game was on when I visited).  The drinks are pretty cheap too and decent beer selection.  I love me some negra modela with my mexican food :-)
4	Very casual and a lot of fun.  Food can be good, but drinks are cheap and the bartenders are great.    Pat is the man.
3	My judgment was severely impaired when I visited, but I think I enjoyed the food and sitting at the bar.
4	Grabbed some "fatty" carnitas tacos to-go with extra cilantro, lime, onion, and tomato.  I have to say they were pretty delicious with a bit of gristle (in my mind, that's a good thing).  The fact that you can get them in the wee hours of the morning bumps this place up on The List.  What amused was that we went around 10:30am the day of the first home ASU game of the year and people were already getting drunk before the the kitchen opened.  Regardless I'll definitely keep this in mind the next time I'm around.
2	Pub crawl stop 3: By this time, the rum drinks, vodka and beers were catching up to me as I made my way to Chronic Tacos. There was only one other person with the Light Rail shirt on, so maybe they didn't know either. The flyer promoted 2 pints of Bud Light, Land Shark, Stella, Kona or Widmer...I ordered Stella and it came in a plastic cup for $4. The bar was packed with people, both inside and outside...I sat at a booth and worked on my drink...I finally had to find the bathroom and I wasn't impressed with that either. It appeared to be a one-person room, but typically two guys went in together. It had an open seat toiled and a urinal, but I would classify it as recommended for one person...so I was a little displeased when another guy walked in with me. After sitting back at my booth, I was starting to feel a little hungry and thought mmm tacos...but maybe that was a different part of the bar? The portion I was in only had drinks and I didn't see anyone else eating...which in my drunken state of mind I wondered why is it called Chronic Tacos if there are no tacos? I didn't like this place because I was screwed on the drink price, I wanted a taco and the bathroom situation.
1	If you like blonde bimbos waiting on you and sports on tv with none of the patrons, workers, owners, even being a bit friendly, then go here. As for me, I don't think I'll ever give it another shot.  Fail.
5	I have to say, I absolutely LOVE Chronic Tacos. I was initially hesitant to check it out, but ever since my first experience I've been going back consistently. These days I hit it up at least once a week for their lunch special (a huge burrito, chips, salsa, and a drink for just over $8), sometimes even twice a week. Personally, I prefer the chicken, but the carne asada wasn't half bad either. Once I find something I like somewhere, I don't tend to venture too far outside of my "usual" order, so I can't really comment on much else on the menu. That said, the service is always good, the food is delicious, and there's always something at least moderately entertaining on the tv's. Seems like they've got a good selection of alcohol and beers, but I've never really gone there with the intention of getting drunk. Overall I gotta go with 5 stars, keep up the good work!
4	The name of this place is a bit off putting but regardless the food is totally decent, if not good. My boyfriend and I had been craving tacos since we moved to AZ and have failed to find any really good places. We were told Chronic Taco was a good taco joint and stopped in last week. In all honesty it was pretty awesome. The interior was not exactly my style but I loved the food. The salsa was not very spicy but the chicken was tasty as were the re-fried beans. All in all it was not perfect but definitely good for a quick lunch or a late night stop. (And fortunately we did not run into the blond bimbos or drunken revelers that other reviewers mentioned.)
2	A "build a taco" style place tha i s always full of a larger than average number of sports-obsessed folks and only an average (or less than average) number of extremely high people.  This is counter to my expectations, given the "Chronic" portion of the name.  However, they so reliably live up to the "Taco" portion of the moniker.  Bsed on my, primarily lunch time experiences, I have made the following conclusions:  They offer a drink special during ASU games.  The fish taco is okay, as is the potato taco.  Is this the best place on Mill Avenue?  No.  Is it better than Taco Bell?  Yes.  Is it a pretty good deal?  Also a yes.
3	Whenever I am in the mood to be a raging fat kid at lunch, this is my go to spot on Mill. Its seriously all disgustingly fattening, and all disgustingly delicious.. because usually, those two things go hand in hand. They've got the build your own burrito thing going on, which also applies for the tacos, nachos, quesadillas and tortas.. I usually get the carnitas burrito, with all my favorite fixings, and holy loaded burrito Batman, they do NOT skimp on the fillings. Its always too big to fit in my mouth, and always too big to finish the whole thing. Perfect for sharing. Today I tried the steak quesadilla, and on the side, just for fun, I decided to get the enchilada sauce for dipping. Its homemade, and perfect. Try this immediately. The staff are awesome and wicked fun.. They also don't nickel and dime you for salsa & sauces like other burrito/taco joints do. I hate it when that happens.The best part about this place is that its not just a place to scarf down fatty deliciousness while widening your waist size, they also have a full bar with tons of different tequilas, extremely eclectic decor, the chandelier is my personal fave and they are really big supporters of saving the tata's. They sell coozies that advertise this and all proceeds go towards finding a cure for breast cancer. So basically, if you love Mexican food, booze, and boobs, this is where you need to be. mmm.
3	they have great drinks and great service... but eat at filibertos before if you want mexican... the food is less than impressive.
4	My new favorite happy hour spot on Mill Avenue! $2 beers ($3 Guinness) until 8:00. And at 9:00, reverse happy hour starts with $2 you-call-its for ladies. Good beer selection, lots of liquor and a build your burrito/taco/nacho bar. The owner was friendly and remembered me when I came back later for reverse happy hour. The outside patio area is small, but perfect for getting your "happy hour" on after a long week.
5	My picks:Grilled Shrimp TacosBaja SauceBeerChurroSuper happy hour.  Cheap food.  Great value.  Awesome bar.Plus the owners work and hang out in the restaurant all the time!
3	I'm changing my mind and adding a star.  I came here for lunch and had the tostada bowl with shrimp. It was so delicious I went back the very next day and got another one. Take a big tortilla and fry it into a bowl (don't eat it). Fill it with fresh lettuce, cabbage,  lard free pinto beans, roasted corn blend, onions, cilantro, grilled shrimp and your favorite salsa and you have a fast, healthy and delicious lunch.
4	Neat looking place with a nice patio and good food.   The first time I went, I ordered the potato taco.  Hey, it is the cheapest thing on the menu ($1.89) and was something new to try!  They make the taco and then you choose the toppings.  A tear of joy practically came to my eye at the first bite.  It was topped with a thick layer of guacamole, salsa, and cheese.  Bravo!  I have returned to enjoy the potato taco goodness twice since my original visit.  Unfortunately, the lady behind the counter was working those times (unlike my first visit) and is what I call "the guacamole Nazi".  Go enjoy Chronic Taco and cross your fingers that the middle aged woman isn't plating up your food.  The toppings are what makes the food so amazing....and she isn't very generous with them.
4	GImme generous goops of glorious green guacomole, oh greedy gitchy guac gal!So, I have passed this place often enough to recognize the commotion from outside the venue, and wonder what all the hub bub was about.  Clearly popular judging by the always seemingly crowded entryway ( not to mention the small sized venue that you might not get a seat at if you arent lucky), I finally left early enough for lunch with Marnie to try this place out.  On and on about the potato taco and even you would give in to Marnie's suggestion!Glad I did.  But here is the warning.  Get the guy to give you the guacomole.  The older gal there is a bit stingy and barely drapes the tacos with this green gravy.  Loosen up lady!  Your stuff is a bit expensive and the guac is good enough for me to complain about not getting enough!  So let it flow!I got the carnitas as well and all was groovy.  A Chipotle Grill alternative, I feel.  I will return.  When I do, guac-gal better be generous.  :-)
5	For what Chronic Tacos is - a cheap, fast, and tasty Mexican restaurant - it's perfect! Great lunch spot - the combo options are great. My favorite is the fried shrimp burrito!
2	Typical bro bar. but great food.Lets Start out with the good:I Looove their chicken Quesadillas. I eat there everytime i do girls night out on mill.Now the bad:This place is a Brodeo. everytime im in their im the ONLY GIRL there. The Bouncers are Egotistical douches. The guys there are a bunch of billflipping Metal mulisha/stars and straps wearing BROs. I gotta get out of AZ. The food servers are nice tho. The Bartenders Suck I dont know why anyone would allow people so slow to be bartenders. Some guy called fish was OK but slow. then there was this completely retarded blonde girl who was obviously hired for her looks I mean shes a complete Bro-Ho Bitch. Rude, Slow, i mean ur a bartender not a spokesmodel. UHHHH! whatever. Its a miserable experience, but ill keep coming back for the quesadillas. anyway I just turned 21 and will be reviewing all the bars on mill like Que Club, Robbies and Zuma which r awesome! and cherry and margarita rocks which suck.
3	Still another american-taco place, that won't ever resemble mexican style tacos. My friends claim their burritos are better than the ones at Chipotle. Wouldn't be able to help with that, as I refuse to try any one more of those yada yada things.I had carnitas quesadilla...which the moment it has meat or something else, also can't be a quesadilla anymore. More like a gringa. Even though the use as many other places flour tortillas, the whole thing is not bad served, good wacamole and salsa (not spicy at all). For all you fake taco lovers, another place to dream you are eating so called "mexican" food!
4	I had this on a great day, why was it a great day you ask, because I love tacos, and tacos make my day great.I enjoyed their fish taco so much that I almost was going to get another one after I finished the one, and I was not even hungry.This place is a Mexican food slash bar with lots of tattoo and day of the dead like art around the place.  I enjoyed both the food and the atmosphere, plus it is very affordable.  Good for groups of 1-6 people or lovers of mexican food.Recommendation: to anyone who lives near mill or goes to college in the area and want something mexican other then Chipotle and that is just as delicious.
3	This place is like Chipotle, but more like a bar version of Chipotle. The people behind the counter are friendly, and you can get mostly the same options as Chipotle that taste the same and seem like the same if not a little downgraded quality. It's inexpensive and a great place to go after you've been running around drinking in downtown Tempe all night. They offer happy hour beer specials, but they are 12 oz. beers not pints so it's not as good a deal as you'd think, but still a discount.
3	This is a pretty okay place.  The food is Americanized for sure; it's decent but a bit bland.  I had to douse my burrito with hot sauce both times I was there.  Major thumbs up for running with the notion that one should be able to sit at a bar and eat a taco that doesn't taste like bar food, though.  They are open late, which makes me happy, and never seem to be very busy during the day.
1	Copy of a letter I sent to the President of Chronic Tacos:Dear Mike,Today I decided that I was going to walk further on my half hour lunch today to get a fish taco from your establishment.  Since I only have a half hour for my lunch I needed to make a phone call to my Doctor and while on the walk there they had me on hold.  When I entered Chronic Taco, on Mill Avenue in Tempe AZ, I was greeted warmly and a young woman took my order.  While the fish was cooking my doctor came on the line and I had to proceed talking to her knowing that my order would be coming out soon but when it did I politley gestured that I would be just another minute.  The young lady knodded at me and set my taco aside to help other customers.  Then to my surprise the older blond haired lady that works there yelled at me very rudely and said, "Mamn!  Your taco is ready!"  I was still on the phone with my doctor so I gestured again to her that it would be another minute.  She then proceeded to pick up my taco and walk it towards the kitchen while rolling her eyes to the cashier then slamming the tray down on the kitchen counter.  I saw this and was flabergasted!  I reacted by saying you can keep it and that I won't be coming back!  I love your food and and to be treated this way, as if I don't have a right to talk on a cell phone on my half hour lunch, was completely out of line.  I hope that you can do something about rectifying the situation with the older blond lady, I mean she never smiles when she greets anyone!  Then this!  You have lost a valuable customer and probably more of a steady customer base from my office since I had to share this story everyone around my office.  Customers should be treated with respect no matter what!  Aside from the fact that I had to immediatley walk back to my office with no lunch and an empty stomach the rest of the day.  If she just could have waited for me to finish my phone call all would be well.  Please respond as I will not be setting foot in your establishment ever again due to this woman's bad day or bad attitude she has towards her customers.
3	A Copy of the Reply from Rich Rush... I will give them one more chance, for sure... NIce letter, I am happy Kay has declded to take some time off.  I have worked in the restaurant biz myself and I know exactly how she felt that day.  I can respect that.  Thank you for your offer for a free lunch.  When I get the spirit to leave the building I'll come in and order the fish tacos, till then, adios! Ayren, First I would like to apologize for taking so long to respond to your message.  It can take a while for messages to corporate to make it back to us at the store.   Second, I'm sorry that you had a bad experience! The woman you refer to in your letter is named Kay. She is a sweet old woman and the mother of the owner.  She is heavily invested in the business and has not given herself a day off since we opened nearly 3 years ago.  This experience has finally convinced her to take days off!  We take painstaking strides to make sure that our patrons have a good experience and want to come back.  Even though we are franchise, our store is privately owned by a local family.  We try to win our customers one at a time and we would hate to lose you over this experience. If you would please give us another chance, I would be glad to give you and a friend lunch on us!-- Rich Rush
4	Great bar, great tv's, and good food to boot! This place gets UFC ppv's with no cover... can't beat it!
3	I've stumbled (literally) into this place a couple times when on Mill avenue. Its like a smaller version of San Felipe's Cantina. They have basic drinks (beer, alcohol), and pretty decent tacos. I find it pretty funny that the tacos actually cost more than the alcohol. It's a place located in the midst of the ASU vicinity, therefore very casual, cheap, and a place to people watch while watching some sports. You'd be surprised how much fun this place is on a Sunday night. They clear tables out, bring in the DJ that mixes awesome music, and screw on a dance pole for the ladies to practice their moves. When you have nothing going on Sunday, come to Chronic for some music, tacos, beer, and watch girls try to shake their tail-fetha on the pole. (Not saying that I haven't done that once or twice *wink*)
5	OMG this is seriously my favorite place to eat on mill. I love that you can get a super tasty burrito quickly and hang out and have a drink at the bar. And they are really cheap. I would highly recommend the pork. It's shredded and has a nice kick to it.
4	This place is great, it's right off of Mill Ave and besides having awesome chips and salsa, their tacos are huge. I only need one to fill me up but I always want more! The atmosphere is cool and I love sitting out on the patio . I get the breaded fish tacos, which is what I get at pretty much every taco joint and they are delicious!
3	We stopped by after our Sunday Funday on Mill. My first impression of Chronic Tacos is that it reminds me of So Cal. A hangout for Bro's and Ho's. I couldn't decide what I wanted so I let the guy working the counter choose my meal. He made me a chicken quesadilla. My boyfriend who is perfectly capable of making decisions for himself ordered a chicken burrito. I thought the quesadilla was okay but my boyfriend LOVED his burrito. There was a band singing Sublime songs while we were eating and they were awesome. I wasn't impressed with the food but I think I'd come back to drink a Corona and listen to live music.
4	definitely a solid 4 stars :) - it's actually pretty decent Mexican food for a pretty good price! tasty tacos - might even go there again today! lol
3	This is a place that serves alcohol and pretty good Americanized tacos. All of the ingredients are right on, but the meat seasoning is unexciting. If you don't like Mexican food that is spicy, this is the place for you. Everything was very fresh, and the guy making the taco was very friendly.Things you can have on your taco:tomatoonioncornlettucecabbagelimeguacamolecilantroWhile the tacos aren't particualarliy special, they are huge.  They call them "Fatty" tacos, because they are pretty big.  I ordered one, and probably couldn't have eaten more than two.  If I was having a few drinks here with friends, I'd eat a taco, but I wouldn't come here just for the food.
4	I went with my sister like 2 hours ago. I got 1 al pastor taco and another shrimp taco. They were both good, the only thing was that within 30 seconds the tortilla got cold. So 4 stars for you :)
3	Mill Avenue is probably one of my least favorite places to go to hang out simply because it is insanely crowded all of the time, however, Chronic Cantina is sort of tucked away off of Mill. It's still pretty busy here on any given night, but a lot less so than some of the MAJOR Mill destinations. I went here with a group of friends the other night because they were spending time with a friend from California. The DJ plays a pretty good mix of today's hip hop and even some Dubstep upon request (yay for Skrillex!). The bar is packed full of great choices for ANY type of booze your heart desires. I love that they have Blanco Basura. What a hilarious name for a beer. The dance floor isn't huge, but they have a pole in the middle for those girls (and possibly even some guys) who get drunk enough to utilize it. I haven't had the food here, but I intend to make another trip, so I will update my review after that!
4	Great happy hour beer special with friendly bartenders.  This is a good place to start and end the night.  There food is decent (gringo Mex) as well and I like the Mexican out door atmosphere feel.
3	I knew better than to expect greatness from this place, but I didn't care.  For all I knew this place could produce the best taco around.  What I found wasn't a hidden gem rather a typical ASU joint.  Everything is sticky and is just what you would expect from a bar on Mill.  The place is kinda funky, kinda douchy blah blah blah, yada yada yada.I'm still not sure why I chose this place for a regular evening dinner.  It wasn't horrible but it really is day/night-time drunk food type of place.  I had 2 tacos and they were ok.  Nothing special.  The chips and guac were also ok.If I ever find myself on Mill during the night and it isn't too crowded I could see myself stopping in to have a drink.  However, I'm definitely heading to Filiberto's for my late night eating.This place is worth trying but don't expect anything phenomenal.  And do yourself a favor and go to Local Dines and get a gift certificate ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ).  Sure you might feel like an idiot going to a bar with a 1/2 price gift certificate but it will save you some cash and is totally worth it.
1	When it's late I use the filters on yelp to determine what's still open. After finding Chronic Cantina listed as open around 1AM I decided to stop in for food. While walking in to the restaurant the cook signals that they're closed. So I turn around and start to leave. A man near the entrance then states that he is the manager and they are still open. Since I'm not interested in dining on saliva I decided to continue to leave. I will not return to this establishment... Unless I'm in the mood for eating another mans saliva.
4	At the ripe old age of 31 I was the oldest person in the bar. What a bummer. Tacos were good. I will go back when I leave my suburban cave.
5	Awesome Carne Asada Burrito for under $5! They are killing it here with a line out the door for lunch most days. This is the best bargain in downtown Tempe. They have a well stocked tequila bar too - which looks like it sees regular use at night.
4	I love the decor of skulls and surfboards. Been a fan of this place since it was called Chronic Taco and that's why I'd go there. But I liked the quesadillas and a Dos XX. Still a good place to go when out on Mill Avenue. One complaint: They have Rockstar over Redbull. Great view of "A" Mountain from the patio.
4	Good cheap food that will fill you up!
3	I am only giving three stars for convenience and the friendly peeps that work behind the build your own burrito station.Other than that, this place is gross, and super dirty. They need to close down and do a complete cleaning overhaul. Also, for the amount you charge for food (i.e $4.99 for a CHEESE quesadilla, so a tortilla and handfull of cheese) buy better ingredients! Everything here tastes and feels like e coli.
2	I give this place 2 stars because the customer service was very friendly and great! other than that the place is kinda dirty (grungy) and the food was over priced. The food was not horrible but nothing to brag about either. I felt like i could have made the same in my own kitchen but probably better. drinks are over priced as well. they have a happy hour but not really happy hour prices. Personally I wont be going back.
4	I love the deep fried potato taco and Grilled Fish Tostada bowl (no tostada)!  Chronic Cantina is fast and delicious and located just up the street from my office.  The staff is always super cool and helpful.
4	I've only been once, for lunch, and I'm fairly impressed. The staff was very pleasant, and the Al Pastor burrito was quite tasty. Try the fire-roasted salsa; it has great flavor with just enough kick.I wasn't very impressed with the ambiance, but it's not bad. The TVs were a bit loud, however.Overall, I'm pleased with my visit and will be stopping in again.
3	Tucked away on a side street off Mill Ave, Chronic is a great late night food option when it's 1am and you realize you are starving. Their tacos &  burritos are good, and if you are looking for a less crowded, mostly "locals" place to grab a drink it's a good spot.
4	After I'm done with dancing the night away I come here to relax and have a burrito.  There was one time that I did not enjoy the food so much, that is because I added a hot sauce that really did not fit my meal.  Overall I give this place two thumbs up!  They are not shy with the food...there boritos are filling and taste great.
4	Fantastic!  Went there with my boyfriend and some friends for drinks and a bite.  I got a veggie burrito (definitely a thumbs up) and an assortment of drinks, all delicious.  You can tell the bartender cares about what he puts together, and it was fun chatting with him before we ate.  The atmosphere is almost trying too hard, but that really only adds to it's charm, as you notice more and more interesting details as you look around (parachute frogs on the vent, etc).  I'm hoping to stop in again very soon to try their veggie nachos or tacos.
1	Went there for a bite tonight and its gone from a decent food stop to a run down craphole that smells like rotting chicken. Also, its manged to give me an awesome case of Chronic Diarrhea. Thanks.
2	I've never eaten here but have been here for the drinks and music. This place is always beyond packed so my husband and i decided to check it out. It's a nice venue with nice staff. What I don't care for is the music. If you love top 40s, then this is your place to be.
2	The crowd was all old creepy drunk men , one was drooling and bragging about how much money he had, and then got kicked out bc he stole my friends iPhone!!!! music was so loud I couldn't think.. bartender was awesome though.
3	Stopped by here around midnight on a Monday night so not much was going on.Tried to order a chimichanga, and a friend tried to order a shrimp fat taco, and we were both told they couldn't be made after 10pm. Settled with a pastor burrito which was okay. Service was friendly and fast, but I probably wouldn't try this place again unless a friend wanted to go
2	Food ok. Service needs improvement. Restaurant hot and uncomfortable. Staff unprofessional and unattentive. Bar has great potential with improved management.Made initial REVIEW...2+ years ago. No closed . enough said
