5	Joseph is incredibly helpful. He has helped me with pesky traffic issues and always gets them dismissed. I just send my ticket to his office and he does the rest. It's a very easy process and certainly takes the stress out of receiving a traffic ticket. Thanks Joseph!
5	Wow! The best, Lv Traffic Ticket Guy is the best. My ticket was taken care of, no points, no insurance increase. Joseph was extremely helpful, I just gave him all the information and he did all the work, no worries for me. Thank You Joseph!
5	So glad I went online to find someone help with my son's ticket. Your office was fast, I love the online format, and most of all, took care of a ticket that made our lives easier again. Some people may be afraid of being contacted by attorneys, but LV Traffic Ticket Guy did all of our communication through email and their webpage and really made everything easy. Thanks again A+++
5	After 2 traffic violations and my court appearance coming up within 4 days I was hoping to use my day off to take care of my traffic ticket on Friday, well low and behold the Las Vegas courthouses are closed on Fridays.I was always skeptical about these services however I didn't want to take another day off of work so logged on LV Traffic Ticket Guy's site, paid the minimal fee for his service, then waited. Tuesday rolls around and received an email stating my citation was reduced to half, saving me about $100.. That's a Benjamin more than I expected. No points or traffic school. Clean, prompt and simple. That's what's up!
5	They were great. Got my speeding fine changed to a parking violation and the fine reduced. Highly recommended after having spent hours searching for a someone to handle this.
5	Great, amazing, very dependable service.  Got my very first traffic ticket in life and was at a loss when I looked on-line to find a reputable company to handle my case.  I found Joseph's info on yelp, did a google search on more reviews, and decided to give the office a call.  I'm so pleased that he personally handles the case and really did a very good job.  For such a small 5-miles-over speeding ticket, Joseph still gave his full attention and time to follow through and close the case pretty fast.  I will definitely tell others that I now know an LV traffic ticket guy!Thanks Joseph!
5	This was so easy and amazing. I got a stupid speeding ticket and never even had to leave my house to deal with it. I submitted my ticket online and LV traffic ticket guy half my fine in half, got me no points, and I didn't have to show up to court. Wow! thats service. I DEF recommend this service A+++++
5	first time ever got my ticket!!!! after looking it upp then i found him joseph!! i just got an email that my case ran over red light solved!! omg i was so happyyyy!! no point, no traffic school. from $255 deducted to $95 only!! what can i say?? :ddd veryyy professional. very quick response, answer all your questions!!!!  would highly recommended if you get any tickets and thinking which one is a good lawyer; lv traffic guy is a best choice for you!!!
5	THIS IS THE REAL DEAL Please don't waste your time and look for someone else, I've  had several tickets in the past and each time I end up paying the full amount and I was OK with it as long as i don't have to take classes and spend more money on the insurance.My ticket was reduced from $495.00 all the way to $90.00 and all this process was done by few clicks on the attorney's website, no phone calls or any other B.SI just payed his fee 49.99 and send him the citation number and that' all, few days after and everything was taking care of.sweet ahhh... Proud to say that I have a good lawyer who is not lying about what he is claiming his truly the truth and you will end up paying a lot of money if you don't try him out...
5	Thanks so much! After speaking to several offices about my particular violation and circumstances, I found Joseph, who listened to my situation and gave his full effort and attention to my case even though it was rapidly approaching the deadline. He was able to get two of my three citations dismissed, the other reduced, and a fine with no points and no traffic school, nor did I have to show up to lose a day in court. Quick, efficient, friendly, and cost-effective, I will definitely be recommending him to others!
5	Incredibly fast and simple. I loved that everything was done via my scanner and the internet which meant no time missed from work. Their website was user friendly and their service excellent. I received email updates and real time information when I logged on to their site. I have already recommended their services to friends. Thank you Joseph R. Maridon, Jr., Esq.!
5	Wow! This guy is the legit. I got a speeding ticket for going 95mph on the 215 and driving with a non-nevada license. Then I forgot about the ticket and didn't stumble across it until a week after my scheduled court date. Now I was worried I had a warrant out for my arrest and possibly a suspended license plus a failure to appear. Immediately I began researching different ticket lawyers. I first looked at all the ones I saw commercials for, billboards and even the one with a app. But none of them had any reviews and if they did they went very good. So it made me feel uneasy. After some more research I stumbled across the LV Traffic Ticket Guy. To be honest when I first read the name I thought it would be like these other cheesy traffic lawyers, I sure was WRONG. I saw all the reviews were 5 star and figured yelp hasn't let me down yet. I contacted Joseph's law office, I received a quick reply. This was on a Friday, I emailed them with a question over the weekend not expecting a reply till Monday but instead they replied over the weekend. I was very impressed with that. So after about 1 1/2 weeks I was contacted that my case was updated. I checked it out and they had reduced my speeding ticket to non moving violation, 0 points, $95 fine and the license violation was dismissed. Also I did all this through email. I did not make a single phone call or trip to his office, convenient! Thank you so much for helping me out!!! I will definitely be recommending this place. I was so moved by this place this is my first yelp review, I usually only leave tips. Thanks again Joseph!
5	Attorney Maridon is amazing! I received a ticket for expired plates & texting. I was sitting at a red light, picked up my phone to check the address of my destination & was pulled over. Officer basically advised I can't touch my phone at all while in the driver's seat. I also didn't receive the notice for my registration renewal due to the DMV not updating my address, even though I filled out their form. Officer sited me, but actually suggested I fight it because he thought I could get the charges dropped.So, I searched online for an attorney for several days, looked at sites, read reviews, etc. I Initially I called LV Ticket Attorney because they had several reviews & their ad online showed a $30 fee. I spoke to the receptionist who was very rude. She advised it was a $100 fee. I asked about what to expect...can charges be dropped, fees reduced, etc. The receptionist told me that they won't fight the charges for me, but will try to keep me out of traffic school. Any fees on the ticket apply. She advised YOU can fight the charges if you want, but it's usually too time consuming, so WE don't do it. Umm, okay so I'm paying $100 for what?? I then turned to LV Traffic Tickey Guy because he too had great reviews. I called & left a message stating my case & asking if they could help. I immediately got a call back from Attorney Maridon himself. He advised that it would be no problem to get the charges dropped for my registration as long as I can show it is current now. He also thought he could get the charges for texting at least reduced. Attorney Maridon was realistic with me, helpful, & informative. To say the least I was relieved he was so willing to help. I immediately made my payment of $49.95 online. A couple days later I receive an email that the registration charge was dropped & the texting charge was changed to illegal parking. My fee was reduced from a total of $257 to $72. I RECOMMEND EVERYONE USE ATTORNEY MARIDON. HE IS PROFESSIONAL & SO VERY HELPFUL!!
5	What a great service!I've got speeding ticket near Vegas driving to the Death Valley. I've googled just in case if there any way to keep it off my DMV/insurance records.  I've found  www.lvtrafficticketguy.com and decided to try. I was pretty skeptical as it seems to be too easy: just fill a form online and pay ~$50 with a credit card.Few minutes ago I've got email that my case status changed. On the court web site I've found that my alleged 11-20 speeding was reduced to a non-moving violation (zero points) and payed $90 instead on $195. It is before the court date.  Greate job! Thanks!
5	Great experience with Joseph Maridon, Jr..  He got my ticket changed to a parking violation and reduced fine!  He is very helpful and responsive to questions.  The process is easy through his website, especially since I don't live in Nevada.  Hopefully I'll never have to use his type of services again, but if I do, he'll be person I call.
5	HIGHLY recommended. Efficient, quick, and responsive. I can't thank Mr. Maridon enough for answering my questions/emails in a timely manner and taking what would otherwise be a stressful situation off of my shoulders.
5	I got a speeding ticket that I totally forgot about until the day I was supposed to show up in court.  I called Half Price Lawyers (my usual go to)  3 times and sent them an email with no response.  I was sweating bullets because I really couldn't afford to miss a court date and I couldn't swing the time it would take away from work.  I called the Traffic Ticket Guy and was totally surprised to speak to him directly and immediately, where he quickly and politely answered my questions and solved my problem.  I didn't think attorneys like this existed!  Half Price Lawyers, you just lost a customer - the Traffic Guy is getting all of my business from now on!!! (not that I plan on speeding anymore, but you know.....)
5	This man is incredible!!! I'll cut right to the chase: I received a ticket for speeding 21 mph over the speed limit on the 215. I payed his $49.99 fee online and sent a copy of the ticket and my ID through e-mail. The day after the court date, I receive word that the court reduced my ticket to a non-moving violation, 0 points on my license and no traffic school. A $215 ticket reduced to $95. AMAZING!!! Plus, this was all done online! Didn't need to show up to court at all. As a graduate student and a full time worker, I was worried about taking time off of class and work to go the court house. With the LV Traffic Ticket Guy, you don't need to worry about a thing. He's the real deal!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! I'm definitely referring him to friends and family. Thanks so much for the help!
5	I found this law firm on yelp. I paid $49.95 via paypal on their website. . I was hesitant at first despite great reviews on yelp...I was hoping for more of a  "face to face" consultation. Paying through paypal before I even get to talk to an attorney was unsettling for me ..yet I took a shot. They had proven my worries were unfounded!I received an email the next day requesting a copy of ticket and such. Throughout the process, John Maridon was the one communicating back and forth with me...so my initial worry was total waste of energy :o The short version of my long story is basically in one word : "RESULTS"  -  my ticket was a whopping $648 !! (no judging here ok  :-(   but he managed to reduce it to $95 - And...."No points, No traffic school" tops off a very sweet sweet deal for me. Yep, I'll be sure all my friends and clients call this attorney for their traffic tickets!Need I say more????? .....................
5	Like all the reviews stated before-- I payed the fee via paypal but Joe gave me a free consultation before hand. We went over details and within 10 days my record, fines, and "warrant" were eliminated. He was super professional & it almost seems too good to be true. Big thanks!!
4	I got a speeding ticket and LV Traffic was the best way to eliminate the hassle.  There was really no reduction on my fine- I paid $50 for the attorney's fees and got $50 off of the ticket, but I don't have to do traffic school and I don't have any points on my record.  Subtracting a star because the correspondence stated that I would be able to call the court to set up a payment plan and when I called the court they said that it wasn't a possibility.  Joseph called me back instantly and apologized for the misinterpretation however and I thought that was great customer service.  Hopefully won't have a ticket again, but would definitely recommend and use their services again!
5	I search on yelp and other website found good review for Mr  Joseph Maridon . we are new in las vegas , so we dont know what to do . my husband got a speeding ticket after his work and it seems unusual why he is lucky to have ticket that he just turn on that corner  but anyway  on some i  read that they got ticket for paying 300 to 400 dollars but " Thank you so much for Mr. Maridon !!! its alot of savings since we are struggling of expenses . "0" points and no schooling so it means no additional money to spend that speeding ticket. and we are so happy for the result . I 100% recommend him and i keep telling it to my co-workers and his co-worker . If next time i got problem on street again or anything he will be my lawyer  again (GOD BLESS US) . thank you so much for all the help.
5	I had doubt, but this is real. I called Joe and His assistance picked up but i got to speak to Joe on my first call. He walked me through the issues and said that he can get the tickets dismissed for me for a fraction of the cost that i would have to pay. Whats interesting is that Joe's fee is considered cheap for what he did for me. ($50 or $59, cant remember). I live in Los Angeles and I didnt even need to travel to Vegas at all. Hope LA traffic lawyers were like that.
5	Like some reviewers here, I had some doubts with the site originally. But I took a shot and paid through Pay Pal. It was a right decision. Joseph took care of my speeding ticket and fine was reduced to $98 from $198. Ticket was changed to illegal parking instead of speeding and no point was added to my driving record.
5	I could go on and on about how solid of a service this is...but you see the stars and you see the other reviews. Ill just say LV Traffic Ticket Guy is your man, go nowhere else as i have tried two other services similar and nothing even compared to the results, service, and communication. Simply...quality!
5	Completely Honest and To The Point. Not Trying to Take Your Money Like Other Attorneys...  I was shocked at my conversation with him.... My niece recently got a speeding ticket for 5 miles over.  I contacted two different law offices but wrote the wrong number down a couple days ago. With the other law office once they got the details down, they informed me they would reduce the ticket to a moving violation, there would be no points and no traffic school required. After speaking with LV Traffic Ticket Guy, he was like what court are you in. I told him and he right off the back stated that since its less than 10 miles and she has no prior tickets they will automatically reduce the ticket to a moving violation, no traffic school or points will be assesed. So then I asked him why should I pay him then. What would the benefit be and he said nothing.  He then looked it up to make sure and said yep. You shouldn't hire me because I really cannot do anything the court already did it for you. Plus he was $25 cheaper that the other two companies (if I would have paid him).  In a nutshell, he is trustworthy and legit. Thank you LV Traffic Ticket Guy for saving my niece $50 and for being honest!!! You are a good man and have great values.
5	Hire these guys!! Unbelievably easy and they saved me a ton of money and time. Thank you all, what a blessing it was to find you.
5	As good as it gets.  Fast, responsive, good result.
5	This lawyer comes thru big time. I referred a client to him who had a speeding ticket (under 100 mph). In under two weeks, the ticket was reduced to a no point parking violation and the fine reduced substantially. The cost: under $50! Great price, very professional, quickly done, and always kept me informed on every step of the way.
5	have used LV Traffic Ticket Guy several times and referred friends and family members. They are AMAZNG!!!! Quick results, excellent communication and unlike other companies, not only are they able to ensure there are no points on your driving record, they also work extremely hard to get the fine reduced (my fines were reduced drastically each time)! I am very satisfied and would highly recommend this company!
5	At first I was a little skeptical doing everything online even paying but I did it anyway and let me tell you it was well worth it the LV traffic ticket guy help me a lot no traffic school no. Points off no going to court didn't have to go anywhere just did it all in my house by phone thank you Ticket Guy God for bid if I get another ticket you will be my LV traffic ticket guy
3	I got a ticket in Henderson for driving 15 MPH over speed limit (which is 35). The LV traffic guy came highly recommended so I paid online for their service. Unfortunately, at the end of the day, the fine was exactly the same, and the point taken away only with additional traffic school. I called him and got through easily. He was very honest and said with the Henderson court this is the best he could do at this point. So I probably should have called him first before paying online to see if this is something worth doing.
5	I am someone who always checks for reviews and take them with a grain of salt, I was a bit skeptical of what I read here about this company, but I am very happy with the result.A few months ago I turned down a street I don't normally use and ran straight into a speed trap, the officer said I was going 40 in a 25, didn't know it was 25 and thought I was doing 35.This company LV Traffic Ticket Guy just communicated with me that I ended up with: "You will need to pay a fine of $208.00 and the violation will be amended to illegal parking-no points, no traffic school. You must pay the fine by September 15th, 2014"That ends up costing me $208 + $50 for the Ticket Guy service. I don't know what it would have been if I just paid it, but I'm very happy to avoid traffic school and it not being a moving violation so it doesn't have a chance to change my insurance.I've very satisfied with the service, if you follow the instructions on their web page you don't have to go anywhere, or do anything except pay the fees, also, they did a great job of communicating through the web page. I highly recommend this service.
5	Fantastic service.  Mr. Maridon delivered on everything he promised.  I was ticketed for a having a registration that was about 2 weeks expired.  When I called the court house, I found out the fine could have been as high as $1,300.  I read through the reviews for LV Traffic Ticket Guy and figured I had nothing to lose by emailing my situation.  My initial email was answered promptly and I was given a very clear explanation of how the process would work and what information was needed of me.  During each step of the process, I was sent email notifications whenever there was a change in my case status.  I just received an email stating the case has been dismissed and it only cost $49.95.  I would highly recommend the services of LV Traffic Ticket Guy should you find yourself in a similar situation.
5	Two police officers on dirt bikes gave me a ticket at Las Vegas Blvd and Harmon Avenue - was turning right onto Harmon and did not come to a complete, rocking back stop at the stop sign. Be aware that this is a stop and not a yield situation - the soft turn to the right makes it seem like more of a merge/yield scenario and the stop sign is not situated right at the end of the curve. When I looked up my case on the Las Vegas Justice Court website, I found that the fine they quoted for this would be $258 and that I would get 0 points on my license with completion of five hour traffic school. This is a 4 point violation if you just pay the fine.I looked over the LV Traffic Ticket Guy's website, submitted my ticket information online and paid the fee, then contacted the office to ask a couple of questions and was really surprised to be connected with the attorney Joseph Maridon himself. He answered all of my questions and told me up front that things have changed with the way the courts handle tickets and that the resolution of cases are different than they have been in the past. My major concern was avoiding any points on my license and the insurance rate increase resulting from them, that I really wanted to get the charge knocked down to a non-point violation. Getting a reduced fine and no traffic school like other cases have in the past would be a bonus. I told him my main concern was to avoid the points and he said they should be able to do that for sure, worst case was that I would end up paying and doing exactly what the court had stated on their site. We spoke about this again a week before the attorney was due to meet with the judge on my behalf and he again said there was not much leeway in the handling of these cases lately. I understood from the beginning that it could go either way as far as getting the fine reduced or avoiding traffic school - told him again that I'd do whatever I needed to do to avoid the points. Obviously that was with the understanding that he would do his best to get the best deal he could for me - it wasn't a free pass to just roll over or whatever. The results of the attorney session with the judge were just posted online yesterday - zero points !! - and the charge was reduced to just illegal parking on my record - but it will be the same $258 fine and I will have to go to five hour traffic school. I would've loved to get a reduced fine, no traffic school and no points like attorney Joseph Maridon has been able to do in the past - but that was months ago when things were different. The thing I wanted most of all though was no points on my license and avoiding the insurance rate increase and this was the result. After talking with him the first time, I felt my chances were better having this attorney handle it - really didn't totally trust the court to knock it down to 0 points because I've always heard that if you pay the fine you get the points. Some might say (and maybe it's true) that I could've just paid the fine, gone to school and the court would've given me 0 points anyway just for doing what they said to do, but I felt like it was worth the shot based on his experiences in the past to see if the attorney could do better for me as well. I'm not sorry in the least for signing up on the site and using this process. It was really very nice to just hang and wait for a result and have him take care of everything. Great communication both on the phone and through their website, you always know what's going on with your case. This is a friendly and straightforward attorney who who is so easy to talk to and was honest with me about things from the beginning and all the way through. Very nice telephone/front staff as well. Here's hoping I never need an attorney in the future, for tickets or anything else - but this guy is the first one I'll think about if I do.
5	Yelpers are right again!Thanks to your reviews, I found the LV Traffic Ticket Guy. The site is legit, kept me informed of my case, and got a quick resolution. I highly recommend this legal service for your traffic ticket needs.
5	AMAZING! All I did was pay through PayPal and got an email that my ticket was reduced to a moving violation! No phone calls.. No office visit.. I'm so happy to have found him! I work A LOT so court and traffic school were not options. LV Traffic Ticket Guy worked everything out perfectly!
5	Joseph Meridian is a ROCKSTAR!!!!!! Two tickets one dismissal one fine no points. THANK YOU!!!
1	My Traffic ticket 205$ I went this guy's office to give my ticket he wasn't there and I paid 50$ lawyer fee my court will be sep 9  he went to court yesterday to speak with judge and I received an email today that you need to pay 208$ my friends they got ticket from speeding their lawyer lowered the price they paid 124$ I spoke with him today he said that I did not give you promise that I will lower your fine if I wouldn't go to the lawyer I would pay 205$ and I would save 53$ +gas+time thank you for your business
5	Awesome, honest advice.I called them and spoke to an attorney directly. He told me I didn't even need his services and helped me with the process of paying my citation online !No joke !
5	WOW, WOW, WOW!! This is the best $49.95 I have ever spent! I emailed the attorney and actually received a personal reply back. He set up a time to speak with me the next day ( I emailed around 7pm) He actually spoke to me on the phone and offered great advice. HE WAS HONEST- who knew!? Most lawyers are not. He provided me with what would happen and it was completely accurate for me. YOU DO HAVE TO PAY THE FINE!!! LV and NLV are broke and not waiving fees anymore. He got my 21-30 MPH over ticket knocked down to a parking violation so no points and it will not be reported to my insurance (huge $$$$ saver). My entire case from point of contact to it being taken care of was 3 days. Incredible! You cannot go wrong with LV Traffic Ticket Guy. Pay the Money- don't waste your time at court.
5	He's the real deal! Best money I've ever spent! LV traffic ticket guy -fast, efficient and amazingly convenient. Not once did I have to drive down to the office. I was able to email photo copies of anything they needed. Their website is set up where you make an account and they update your case log whenever there's something new in your case, you log on and check what's happening. He even kept me personally updated by emailing me and talking to me about my case and what I needed to do in order to help. He got my case dismissed for suspended plates and license. He even took on an older case for me that's currently in the works. Another great thing, I had court in a week and submitted my ticket they were still willing to take it in such short notice. Amazing! Thank you LV Traffic Ticket Guy! I will continue to come back as well as recommend others!
5	First time going this route of using an attorney. I must say I regret not knowing these guys sooner! The entire process was simple and very easy!Received a speeding ticket, waited a week then I contacted these guys. Paid online, received emails to give them more details to the ticket and drivers info. waited for them to do their work. Came back with reduced violation to non moving so no points, and no traffic school! These guys are amazing! Thanks LV Traffic Ticket Guy!!Submitted on 8-13, settled 8-28.
5	Got a speeding tic en route to Vegas.  He got it dismissed with $199 fine.  Their website never worked so I couldn't pay after several attempts over 3-4 weeks.  I could've sent in a check/MO but life was rough, so I never made it to a bank or MO house.  Got a WARRANT and a fee for nearly $500.  He stepped in again, for a fee of $100, had the warrant removed and dismissed with fine of $238.  Except for the legal fee of $100 (which he totally deserves!) he helped me incur only $40 more for my irresponsibility.  I'm so grateful.  He was also fast, turnaround less than a week for both dismissals.  He's fees are unbeatable for the time, service, and follow through.  I highly recommend his services to anyone with a ticket in NV.
5	This guy rocks! I had a warrant for not having proof of insurance at the time of being pulled over and the ticket was a year old. He saved me $700!!! Thank you LV Ticket Guy!
5	I was able to save a lot of money and headaches because of him! I was driving 20+ over the limi; but he was able to reduced it to illegal parking.
5	Extremely pleased - Very efficient and quick!I called yesterday morning not knowing what to do about a forgotten ticket that turned into a warrant - I was frustrated and did not know where to begin and called another "ticket fixer" before here and the girl was not only rude but they were $50.00 more just to get started. I was relieved when the girl who answered the phone was not only very pleasant but put me through directly to the attorney. He was very friendly and open and answered all my questions on getting started and how we would proceed if i went with them, needless to say i did and EXTREMELY HAPPY that i did. He not only kept me posted through emails (which i love cause i was at work) during the entire process but less than 24 hours later i got an email to log in because there was an update - I was out of warrant and a new court date was set - WOOOOHOOOOO! I would recommend him a thousand times to anyone needing a ticket or court case resolved!
5	This entire process was a breeze.  I was cited for an unsafe lane change and submitted my ticket.  Within a month, the citation was dismissed and I never had to leave the house.   I was able to submit all of my information online and the communication was phenomenal.  Even if I still had to pay a fine, the $50 I paid for legal fees was worth not having to take time off of work and appear in court.  I hope I never have to use this service again, but, if I do, I will be a repeat customer.
5	As bad of an experience getting a traffic ticket can be at least LV Traffic Ticket Guy softened the blow.Simply logged into their website and entered my ticket info. Paid a $50 fee for them to go to court for me and they had it reduced down to a parking ticket with no points and no traffic school. Best part was that I didn't have to waste my time at the courthouse.I would recommend these guys for sure!
5	Great customer service! very helpful with any questions I had. I'm not from the area and they made it so I didn't have to go across states.  Thank you!Will definitely recommend
5	This service is amazing! LV traffic ticket guy keeps you updated online through the whole process. My speeding ticket was reduced to a parking violation, no points, no traffic school!! I went to ticket fixers previously ( the pink building) they didn't show up for the court date my ticket went to warrant, it was a nightmare!!!!  LV traffic ticket guy is the best!!!!!
1	These guys can't even walk away from BS throw away tickets without a fine, and they are super optimistic when they tell you the amount, like they did you a solid. They do absolutely NO extra arguing that would be worth while to pay for their services, just go to court yourself and get the same or BETTER results. What a Rip-off.
5	i have used another attorney before to handle my tickets and they always seem like i am bothering them if it is not a felony so i decide to try maridon.Hes about 5000% better . They respond immediately with email and call. Case was hendled at a very fair price and communication was detailed and prompt. I will recommend him to anyone . my ticket was erased to a parking ticket and no points on my record. what more can one ask for?
