3	This is a small and very plainly furnished establishment on Pecos.  They serve the basics you would expect of a Middle Eastern restaurant: kabobs, salads, taboule, baba ghanoush, hummus, pita bread, gyros, etc. plus a few things I am less familiar with. You place your order at the register and they assemble your order behind the counter. I've been here when service has been slow, but the food has always been good and tastes fresh. The tables and chairs have always been clean during my visit.   Parking hasn't been a problem; if you can't park at the storefront there is parking in front of the other nearby establishments.
4	I love this place for lunch! I'm a chicken kabob lunch special girl. It's not a large portion, but perfect for lunch. And I love the salad dressing. What is it? Small and quaint. The staff is always polite. Food some time takes a little while but they always prepare everything fresh. I've been here many times and will continue to go!
5	I love this place so much. Their rice is a thing of beauty. I've been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience. It's very small but there always seems to be a clean table available. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Food is consistently delicious and my husband loves their baklava.
5	The place has a happy feeling around it and the people are really nice. Their lunch special is a good value and I like the fact that you can customize it even more by switching around the side dishes.
5	100% satisfied love the food and gr8 service thank you
5	I used to eat Kabob grill on Sunset and Pecos, too bad, the place closed, the food is very good, I love the rice texture and its flavory, I am Asian and It has been my first time experiencing Middle Eastern Foods, the staff is very nice,the price is decent,would recommend
2	Ok, let me tell you about this place. FYI: I am a real customer, not a family member. So be warned, this is a real review.The only thing truly Persian here is the attitude.I wish this was a friendlier place. The food is ok. Not bad, not great. Has a clean Plebeian atmosphere.The food is overpriced and they wont give you half rice and half salad with your meal, a standard in Los Angeles. No, you must eat 3 pounds of rice with your meal.They are also super slow. If there is a line, you will wait!The Kabob is a little undercooked. No caramelized meat here.The staff does not know a lick of Farsi. So dont ask for ghormeh sabzi.They dont have  most home made Persian dishes. Why cant they open up an authentic Persian restaurant here?One more thing, they give you a pat of butter for your rice with the to-go dinner. However, they put it in the same box so if you have to go more then 100 feet before you eat, its melted all over your food. And the close very early.
3	First time here ... it was alright. i ordered the chicken kabob nothing special and nothing bad. The service seemed kinda slow. Chicken was tender the rice tasted buttery. Give it a try you might like it. For me i think i will pass next time.
5	If you want great-tasting and authentic middle eastern food you have to try this place out! All the kabobs are delicious - juicy and full of flavor - but my favorite is the chicken. The portions are huge, the prices are decent and the service is awesome! What more could you ask for? Plus, I don't consider this fast food. It tastes too good to be fast food! Your stomach will always be satisfied after eating here. :)
4	We have been to Kabob Grill many times since they opened their new location on Eastern. We always get the Chicken Soltani [Ground Beef & Chicken Kabob] dish which is served over a bed of rice, with raw onions and a grilled tomato and their Hummus [with pita bread]. We once tried the Eggplant Dip [which contains Grilled Eggplants blended with Tomatoes, Eggs and Garlic) and is served HOT; it was good, but their dips are a little overpriced. It is a great place to get authentic middle eastern eats at a "reasonable" price with quick service. I will say that while their prices in general are "fair", their charge for their "dips" [i.e. Hummus] is a little much, but I guess it is a tough economy. The service, in general, has always been above-par.
4	Amazing food. My hubby loves the chicken kabob here. Must visit place. But the serving dish quantity changes everytime we visit there. Its not consistency.
3	A bit pricey but healthy and tasty.
5	The veggie kabob lunch special is delicious. Zucchini, tomatoes, onion, mushrooms and bell pepper all seasoned to perfection and grilled. Paired with rice and salad then add a side of hummus to complete your meal!!! Yummy!!
3	Awesome service here! The lady who took my order was very kind and helpful! I LOVE it when I have great service at any place (shops, restaurants, etc)I wanted to eat outside and she was more than willing to bring my food out side for me (after I told her I was eating inside when ordering.) But I decided to be spontaneous since it was a nice day out (yet windy.)  One of the many reasons why I had to go back in to give them a tip $, since it was rather windy outside. I'll be back! :) I forgot to use the 10% check in offer though... :( oh well, next time!Btw... the food was great, I had the greek salad. It was more than enough, huge plate of salad and huge slices of lamb and the sauce automatically came on the side. :)
4	Best kabob place in the area! Service is quick & it's always hot & fresh. We always start with the hummus. I order the chicken skewer and hubby orders the combo skewers. The bell peppers and onions are delicious too.
5	Do It. This place is clean, fast, affordable, and TASTY!
2	Very disappointing. Ordered delivery and Kabob was overcooked, appetizers were bland, pita was cheap, store bought kind.
4	Shish Kabob & Chicken Gyro is so good with the Shirazy Salad yummy!!!..;)))
4	Food is fantastic, service is quick, atmosphere is like chipoltle or baha grill, very clean, set up for speed not ambiance.  Prices are a bit high but everything is fresh and made to order.
4	First time - and we'll be back!Had the Chef's Special of a combo chicken & steak.  Yum!  Tender and juicy and the rice is addicting.  Also had a side of vegetables.  Great combo and plenty of food for two under $20 (used a 10% off coupon from checking in on Yelp).
3	So I really wanted a Greek salad, and I stopped here b/c the place down the street was closed for repairs. Dang it, my luck. Im glad I read the menu prior to ordering because it states that all the salads have CARROTS, onions etc....carrots? In a Greek salad? I questioned the guy behind the counter, he confirmed it, I asked if the salads were from a pre mix bag, because that's what I'm thinking now, he said no they make them, then the dressing is a creamy house dressing? Huh? He saw the disappointment on my face. How can you call it a Greek salad? So I went with the beef tenderloin kabob, it was ok, saffron rice was good, that's how they got bumped from 2 stars to 3.  I asked for the optional tomato and onion, but the onions weren't grilled, just sliced with some cilantro, bummer. I should have went to Pin Kaow.
5	Amazing food & exquisite service. If you live in Vegas make sure you stop by Kabob Grill and see for yourself. Fun, different, and authentically Persian. The combination of quantity and festive atmosphere goes hand in hand with the consistent food quality. I will definitely go back!
4	Let me say that my palate is pretty vanilla. I don't really like to dive into new cuisines. A coworker convinced me to try this place during lunch, and I did so hesitantly.I stuck with something simply - chicken kabob lunch special which was about $9 bucks. It came with a drink, salad, rice, grilled veggies pita and of course chicken.To my surprise it was actually good stuff. The rice melted in my mouth, and was nicely decorated with a sprinkle of saffron flavored rice. The chicken was moist. Even the salad was amazing, and I usually don't like greens. It had a very tasty dressing, which made it irresistible. I have been back a couple of times, and will be back. I will say that you don't get that much chicken, so if you're really hungry order a double kabob.Other than that - enjoy!
4	I work right upstairs!  They deliver! :PI've had this place quite a bit..and I enjoy it every time.  I especially love the tzatziki sauce.  I actually had my first gyro experience unbeknownst to me that it was in fact lamb.  I forgot that I wanted a beef gyro instead... and ended up with the lamb.   Though I don't want to knock it, it was delicious... but lamb texture is not what I'm used to.  For some reason I was a little queasy, which I'd like to say now that I'm sure it was just me... and not the food.  I enjoyed it!  But there was just something unsettling about eating lamb.  ... but that's just me.  Second time around I had the single ground beef kabob and it was delicious!  I had it with rice, pita bread, & grilled onion and tomato... Love this and had  it a couple other times following...I've also had a beef wrap which I very much enjoy... but not as much as the ground beef kabob with the rice.. Again, I love the tzatziki sauce... with EVERYTHING and not just the salad.  Since I work right upstairs, I will probably become a duchess or regular sometime soon!  I've very happy that it's in this plaza...[WHICH IS A BAD ASS PLAZA... it has EVERYTHING!]
2	This was my first choice to satisfy my sudden gyro craving. We park and immediately smell the deliciousness of Kabob Grill in the air. The restaurant was busy, which is usually an excellent sign. The inside is bright and clean, with the employees in uniform. We mosey to the counter, totally ready to order my gyro combo and had my check-in coupon ready. Yay, gyro craving is about to be satisfied! And then my hopes and dreams were unceremoniously squished: "I'm so sorry, but we're out of gyro meat." Whaaaaat? This was hours before closing time. How do they not have enough gyro meat ro get through a day?!Ill go back and see if I can get a gyro some other day (could have just been a superbusy day in the gyro business!), but I admit my excitement has soured a bit.
5	I love Persian food. This place is amazing. Its clean, fresh, fast and delicious! I ordered the joojeh kabob & beef koobideh with shirazi salad on the side.plus drink included!!! Loved it.It is a little off the strip but they Said they would deliver for a nominal fee. I just might do that next time in town. Highly recommend it.
5	So last time I came here, I left without food because they had run out of gyro meat. Now I know why. I could eat a metric ton of the stuff! I had a gyro combo (there's a picture here somewhere!) to go. I'm pretty sure there were angels singing somewhere when I opened the box. There was a pile of fries, a small cup of ketchup (how thoughtful!), a big cup of tzatziki sauce (literally, about a cup of sauce) and the foil wrapped gyro. The gyro itself had tomato and onion slices, a bit of parsley and a heap of meat so big it didn't quite fit in the pita. That meat...mmmm. Perfectly spiced and sliced! The whole thing was huge and I snarfed it down with gusto!Plenty of delicious food at the right price. I can't wait to go back and try some more of their menu. There are some very Mediterranean items on it, but this restaurant makes them seem completely accessible, rather than intimidating.
4	I've ordered Kabob Grill from Eat24Hours.com a few times on Sundays when I was feeling exceptionally lazy (if laziness was an Olympic event, on any given Sunday I'd be the Usain Bolt of it).   I love that it provides a delivery option in my area that isn't pizza or chinese/thai, though I have mad love for both of those options.   Respect due to pizza hut.   Anyway, the thought of hot and fresh gyro meat and falafel balls being delivered to my doorstep as I sit on my bed unshowered watching reruns of No Reservations sends me into euphoria.  On this day I had a $5 off coupon emailed to me from Eat24Hours which made it all even more appealing, and I ordered some falafel appetizers, a gyro salad, and chicken soltani, which consists of a chicken kabob along with a piece of kabob koobideh, which is a skewered minced meat kabob, all on top of a heaping of basmati rice.  Delivery was estimated to happen between 45 and 60 minutes, and I was happy when a delivery driver from Kabob Grill rang my doorbell 30 minutes later.  The first item I tried was the falafel.   I found it to be a nice version of one of my favorite foods, though texture-wise it was a little different than I'm used to as I could still make out little pieces of chopped up carrots within the fried outer shell.  It wasn't off-putting in the least, but I do slightly prefer a uniform texture throughout that I'm used to.  Next I tried the Gyro Salad, and while the gyro meat was plentiful and tasty, I was a little disappointed that there was no feta cheese.  Now I must say the menu doesn't mention feta so there shouldn't be any expectation of feta from me in that sense... no, I take it back, I WANT FETA!   The veggies seemed fresh and crisp and overall I was pleased otherwise.   Lastly to the Chicken Soltani.  The pieces of chicken skewer were large, moist and flavorful, which is about all you can ask for from chicken in my opinion.   The koobideh kabob also had a great flavor to it, and I enjoyed stuffing a piece of pita with rice and one meat or the other and some veggies.   This actually brings me to my biggest disappointment of the entire order (feta notwithstanding).   There were only 2 pieces of pita provided with this meal!  I don't mean two large pieces either, I'm talking two small triangles that would normally last 20 seconds in any given mediterranean restaurant I might dine in.  Instead I found myself rationing them out like I was stranded on a desert island.  Maybe I'm used to being spoiled with Pita from Hedary's, but  I felt like there should be some extra considering the amount of food ordered.When it's all said and done, I can highly recommend Kabob Grill to satisfy your delivery (and probably take out/dine-in) cravings, though you might want to have some feta in the fridge and order an extra side of pitas to make yours a 5 star experience.
1	I do not recommend. This place is expensive for what it is. They were unaware they even have this Yelp promotion. They hesitantly gave me 10% off one of my entrees but not my entire order. A group of 3 people(that looked like they knew the worker) arrived and placed their order after me, but got their order before me. Just bad customer service.
3	I go here quite a bit and am always astounded by the poor service given by the owners. I asked for my side salad to be switched out for fries. Their salad is made with cheap lettuce and a disgusting dressing. They can't do it because "it's a free small salad", well then why can't you exchange it for free small fries? The cheap fries from a bag you serve can't cost more than the salad. I'm not asking much, throw 6 fries on my plate and make a customer happy. The food is pretty good which keeps me coming back for more and is pretty reasonable. Don't go there expecting quick service though. Considering you order at a counter it shouldn't take as long as it does. The falafel is a little greasy and I am not even sure if they are homemade. Their hummus is good though. I can't account for any of the meat dishes as I am a vegetarian. I also have gotten great service from people who work there who are not the owners. Don't go in expecting to be treated nicely though, go for the cheap mediocre food.
5	Went there for the first time yesterday.  My wife got the Steak Sandwich, I got the Gyro Plate and we got a side kabob for my two year old.  We all loved our food.  My son is  super picky and he finished all his food with no problem.  Service was quick and the food was excellent.  Will definitely go back.
5	Love the food. Go here a lot and they are very nice too.
5	I was originally going to Elixir but apparently they were closed. It was pouring and I was hungry and I saw Kabob Grill glowing in the rain. So nice. Very clean, very friendly, very helpful. And so yummy, especially on a rainy day. If it wasn't so far from me, I would probably be here once a week!!!!
4	Very friendly service followed by good food! We had beef kabob and gyro wrap, and they were very good.  Only thing I found odd was the appetizer was served last and without pita.
1	Yelp. No. I've noticed that yelp reviews in vegas from off the strip can't be trusted. I cannot believe this place has 4 stars. I came in for lunch and ordered from the lunch menu. I was either jipped or the picture on the menu lies to you. I only received one small kabob for my order that cost me $9. Rip off much? My favorite part of the meal was probably the rice..... Sad, I know. Not to mention it took me 20 minutes to get my food when I was the only customer there. Isn't this kind-of a fast food joint anyways?
4	This is pretty much our go-to lazy weeknight delivery place. Hummus and babaghanoush are outstanding, and the portions are great, if you get the sampler it's easily enough food for 2-3 people. They also have the best falafel I've had in a long time. The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is they don't deliver after 7:00 pm, when I asked them why, they said because they close at 9:00. It obviously doesn't take more than 2 hours for this kind of food, so that was a little confusing, and just a little inconvenient.
3	This is a review of our visit this week.  This was our second visit as we always give places a second chance.  Our first visit was when they had just opened and so it's been a while now.  I had the falafel wrap ($6.99) and the eggplant dip ($5.99) with a side of rice ($3.99).  My hubby had the falafel wrap ($6.99) and a grilled chicken wrap ($6.99).  Our order came up to about $30 after we received 10% off from checking in on Yelp.  When we walked in there was a group of 4 ladies eating dinner.  We overheard them talking about their food saying how good it was so we were very excited to get our food in hopes that it is better the second time around.  We ordered for take out.  The order took longer then the normal wait for the place to be empty but we were in no rush.  After we received our order, we rushed home to eat.  The eggplant dip (Grilled seasoned eggplants blended with roasted tomatoes, eggs, and garlic sauce.) was served with warm pita bread was out of this world!  From what I remember of their baba ganoush...this is certainly much better as I didn't care much for the other (and I love just about every eggplant dish there is!).  I ate the dip with the pita and also on top of my side of rice.  The rice was also amazingly nice and fluffy; however very greasy from the looks of the bottom of the to go box.  It didn't stop me from inhaling all of the rice.  My wrap was filled with 3 good portions of falafel.  It was served with a side of salad (nothing special as it was just some ice berg lettuce thrown in the to go box).  There was also a side of Tahini sauce which went well on top of the wrap.  Will definitely be back!
5	Great, great, great serviceThe food here was awesome, the price was right, and the staff is I-N-C-R-E-D-I-B-L-E.I got the Chicken Breast Soltani plate with rice and a green salad. The meat was juicy and flavorful while not being overly seasoned. The rice was buttery and well cooked while the salad was crisp and fresh.The hummus was awesome, but the best part of the meal was the pita bread. They bake it in house and it was hot when we got it. There are few things better than fresh bread. There are even fewer things better than fresh pita.
5	Eastern's hidden Mediterranean jewel: Kabob Grill.  It's not your typical Greek fare with the blue and white decor, cheesy photos on the walls (and or a mural).. No, it very much feels like a fast foodie sort of place with the exception that the place is super clean, not tacky, and I concur with other people's comments about the stellar service.The food was outstanding!!! I ordered the chicken salad (thanks to the Yelper that recommended this) and my boss ordered the Gyro lunch special.  We both agreed that the salad dressing was incredible!  Alas, everything looked so delicious (and after confirming this with one bite), I ate my entire meal without so much as a thought to take a photo of it. I'm sorry :( Bright side is, I crave delicious Greek eats often so there will be future opportunities for me to try and capture the tastiness in a photograph.There were complaints about price, and sure, they are a bit high but consider this: have you really come across quality ingredients, friendly staff, clean establishment, and delicious food that IS super cheap? Ok, maybe, but it's rare.D-LICIOUS. That is all.
5	Absolutely amazing! Their lunch portions are very tasty and perfect portion size. I never leave hungry!!
5	If you love Mediterranean food, this is a great place to dine on the southeast side! Although its a fast food spot. The food was as good as any sit down dinner that I have experience. I ordered the appetizer sampler where you get to pick 3. I chose hummus, babaghanoosh and tabolleh salad. Served with lots of warm pita bread, this is enough for more than 2. After eating all of the tabolleh which was fresh and lemony, I then tried the hummus and babghanoosh. Both full of flavor. Plenty left over to take home along with the pita bread. Looking forward to having the leftovers tomorrow. I'll be going back to try a beef kabob soon. I'll be sure and take someone with me so I can have it and split some more appetizers.
4	My first time in here. Overall the food was great but It just took especially long to receive it. The manager said that their ticket printer for the cooks messed up, maybe ran out of paper so I sat there and waited for 20 min. I asked about the long wait and at that point the manager had just then told me about the mix-up so he offered to comp my meal which I thought was a good way to handle the situation. He was very apologetic and sincere in the way he handled this. That's about all one can ask for when something like that happens. I got a beef tenderloin wrap and their chicken wings and rice. The meat in the wrap is tender and cooked right with good flavor. The chicken wings I liked they had flavor all the way through from whatever they marinate them in. Both dishes I got I would order again. I also tried the hummus and pita bread which was really good as well. Great meal overall I was very pleased. Without the comp it would have cost about $23 for this meal. I feel it's a little pricy but it is good quality food though so I will return and give them more business.
4	Chicken kabob, baba, must o khiar, falafel, baklava, hummus, all really good. If it did not feel a little "fast foodie" it would be better.I recommend the chicken kabob highly. The baklava is, according to my wife, fantastic. The hummus was good, and the baba ganoush was awesome.I will be going back.
4	When I walked in today, I was pleased by how friendly the staff was- this was the most memorable part of my experience. It was obviously my first time, and the cashier was happy to answer my questions and tried his best to describe the rice to me. I should have asked for a sample but I digress.I ordered the Gyro combo plate, which comes with fries and a fountain drink. I should have ordered an extra side of salad (which comes with the regular gyro wrap, but is replaced by fries in the combo), because the wrap was brimming with delicious meat but could have used more onion and tomato (I like a little more crunch in my gyros). I was also happy that the pita bread was as good as other Yelpers described. You can tell it's fresh. I would have tried the hummus or babaganoush, but was afraid the portion would have been too big for one when followed by a gyro.Overall, solid place, but definitely wouldn't drive past Yassou! to get here.PROS:Friendly StaffGood GyrosTzatziki sauce and pitas were especially wonderfulCONS:Not enough veggies in the wrap (YES, I SAID IT!!)No individual appetizers (more of a suggestion)
3	I've been here a few times to satisfy a gyro sandwich craving but decided to try one of their lunch specials during this visit. I had the gyro plate and unfortunately, not as good as their gyro sandwich. The plate includes: gyro meat, rice, pita bread, a side salad and fountain drink. The meat was definitely the redeeming element of the plate but everything else left a lot to be desired. The rice was mediocre, the salad consisted of low quality iceberg lettuce with a pretty bland dressing and two small pieces of pita bread. Kabob Grill makes a fantastic gyro sandwich but the gyro plate at Stephano's Greek and Mediterranean Grill (located 5 minutes away down Eastern) is far better. To be clear, if you're looking for a top notch gyro sandwich, give Kabob Grill a shot.
5	Was just there for second time.  We had both a chicken and beef tenderloin soltani.  Excellent!  Also had an order of hummus.  This is the best hummus I've had in Las Reminds me of the best hummus I'd get in SE Michigan, and as good as mine.  No added flavors to distract from the tahini.  A definite place to go make a regular.
4	So, Cafe Zupas was closed because the kitchen had a fire. "Wtf" was my initial reaction. My second reaction was "now what do we eat?" My stomach was growling and I could feel the grump emerging from within. I didn't want to travel far, so across the parking lot we ventured to Kabob Grill. Arrived around 830 pm, they close at 9 and it was busy. 3 families already eating when we got there and 3 more arrived during our meal. For a small place, it was pretty crowded. I saw a free appetizer with yelp check in (obviously with a purchase of an entree). My friend and I decided since we were getting a free appetizer, we might as well share the entree. We opted for the hummus and the chicken kabob plate. The hummus was smooth, rich and tasty. I added their flavorful olive oil to it, which made it even more amazing. The pita bread that it was served with was warm, thick and soft. I could have made that a meal in itself, but alas I ran out of pita bread :( The chicken kabob plate arrived and I'm glad we decided to split it. The meat was tender. The rice cooked perfectly. And it came with tomatoes and onions!!!! I was freaking ecstatic over the onions. I'm glad we picked this place. Like I said, it's a little place and the tables are cramped together. It must get crazy busy during lunch times. Will def be back to try their stuffed grape leaves and gyros.
5	Mmmm love this place chicken is perfectly seasoned and so tender. My favorite is the chicken kabob with rice it's so good I haven't really tried other stuff there. But staff is great and I love it's a mother and son duo that opened it.
5	The best food, service, quality & value! Try the "Wing Kabobs" I here they are amazing....
4	I love finding little hidden gems while driving around. This little tiny place I found and so glad I tried them!The service was great, considering my inconsiderate self strolled in 15 minutes before closing! :-/ (rude!) Anyhow-they were polite, food was great and never felt like I needed to inhale my food and go. I ordered the Grilled Chicken Soltani and it was made to perfection! Chicken was flavorful, nicely grilled, rice was fresh, overall just delicious! Good job to the owner and staff!
3	Driving by and hungry not close to my favorite place I thought I would give it a shot.  Walk in the place is clean service is friendly.  Check out the menu I decided on the Grilled Kafta one of my favorites.  I did not want the extra pita so I asked and paid for a small amount of salad instead + a tip.  After my 20 minute drive home I found out no salad.  Oh well, plenty of other places to eat on this side of town when im here.  The flavor was good but just not like my favorite place.  Not bad but not great either...
4	I go to school nearby and someone had told me about this place.  I went in and the gentlemen at the front was so nice.  He explained the menu without me having to ask.  I ordered the grilled chicken and the hummus(of course) to go.  I was surprised when I got home how much food I got and how good it was.  The chicken was cooked just perfect.  The hummus tasted really fresh and I got plenty of peta bread.  Other places never give me enough with the hummus.  I will be a regular here.
3	We (4 of us) were regulars here - and loved the menu, food and service - I would have given it 5 stars.  HOWEVER.....We went there this week and were very disappointed that they changed their menu format.....It's almost ala carte style now.  My favorite used to be the chicken combo which included a salad and half a grilled tomato.  I ordered the "New" chicken kabob, and did not like it with green peppers and onions and did not care for the whole grilled tomato that was not .75 extra.  And the plates that they now use seem "cheap".  Needless to say we will not be back.
3	For Persian food it was pretty good.  Persian food is one of my favorites.  However the portion size of the kebabs was small.  Great rice, great mustomusir.  I will be back.
5	Hubby and I have only been inside a couple of times, but it's easily one of my favorite places. We used to get delivery from here a lot, but they stopped delivery so we were forced to stop by! :) I'm not complaining considering the service is very good. I always get the falafel wrap and my husband and I share the sampler platter. The hummus is absolutely amazing! Very creamy and the olive oil they use has a nice, light flavor. The Israeli salad is my favorite, I pretty much put it on everything. Their falafel is also one of the best I've had and it never disappoints! Being almost 8 months pregnant, I pretty much crave it constantly so I can't wait to grab some soon for my birthday.
5	Sooooooo good! The staff is amazing and so nice. We ran out of Pita and I went to order more, willing to pay and instead the brought more out for us, plus more samples of food to try. Chicken kabob, falafel and gyro, Greek fries and hummus were perfect.
5	5 stars because it's fast, soooo tasty, reasonably priced, and they have lots of somagh on deck for the rice. Not in those little packets either! Take it from me (I'm Persian) , I know good kabobs and this place is super awesome!
4	Great little place for Mediterranean food. My favorite is the gyro salad. They give you plenty of meat and they use romaine lettuce. Dressing is also delicious.
4	Good food, the restaurant atmosphere is more of a fast food atmosphere with good quality food. Last time I was there I found out they no longer offer tabouli which is what I gave them a four star instead of a five.
4	My favorite gyro and kabob spot in Las Vegas.  Consistently good quality with superb flavors...  Additionally,  the best tasting rice anywhere!!!
4	Serving persian food in fast food setting. Very clean and well done food. I had chicken kabob plate and cucumber and yogurt. Liked the quality of food and the atmosphere. The lady un the counter was noce and helpful. The food was reasonably priced. Liked the freshly baked bread as well. I recommend if you are passing through the area of working close by. Not suitable for parties of dates ! Lol
3	The food is delicious, but I thought it was a little over priced for the amount of food I received.  I had a take out order of the beef soltani and eggplant dish. For 14.99 the soltani came with a small and slender piece of kubideh and beef tenderloin.
5	One of my favorite lunch spots near my office. The food is always fresh and delicious. I love the chicken and ground beef kabobs!
5	Great food and friendly people, the grape leafs were smaller than I am used to but still good.
5	My girlfriend had been going here for over a year so I decided to stop in and give it a try. What I quickly discovered was that Kabob Grill has one of the best chicken kabobs i've ever had the pleasure of stuffing in my face, thanks guys!
3	I'm used to this awesome place in Chicago but this place is pretty good. I had the chicken kabob platter with pita and hummus. I got two skewers of chicken kabobs on top of a large portion of rice. The rice looked plain but when you add the lemon that they include to it, it is fire! The hummus was ok and the two pita rounds that they give you are plenty. 90% of the skewers were chicken. I like veggies so I was a little disappointed with the amount of them on the kabobs. I do wish the chicken and the hummus had more flavor but the rice made up for that. The service was great and they were fairly quick with my order. They even bring it out and hand it to you while you're seated. I'd like to try the Gyro next time and see where that stands but I'll try it again for sure! :)
4	This is a terrific lunch option. I had a chicken kabob platter over their house salad with a side of pita and hummus. The chicken was well marinated and delicious, but the real winner was the hummus! It was incredible! I actually took my leftover hummus home and snacked on it afterwards. And the pita was so soft and delicious. The prices are fair and the restaurant is very clean. Good location on Eastern. The service was friendly and, although it did take a little while to get my platter, it was well worth the wait!  There was a check-in offer for a free fountain drink, which is a plus. Will definitely be back for lunch soon.
4	We eat here often! It's a bit pricey for chicken & rice but it's healthy & it's a great alternative to fast food other than pizza & like I said, that's healthy!! Love their hummus & pita bread & their house dressing for their salad is so yummy. Their customer service is always good, they just seem like nice guys.
4	I've had take out here about 3 times now and it has always been good! I always call in before  I go so I don't have to wait and it's ready in about 10 minutes... The service is friendly especially the gentleman who I assume is either the manager or owner. You order the counter and there is both indoor and patio seating available. The prices are fair as well as the portions.. The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) are addicting and have a delicious lemon taste to them! HOT TIP: If you like vinaigrette for your salad then request the lemon and oil dressing upon ordering.. If not, they usually give you a creamy sauce.. Also, they can toss the salad for you in the dressing and some special Mediterranean seasoning if you request it!
5	Visited for the first time yesterday and had to come back again today.... Fresh, delicious and definitely has it's own touch. I love Mediterranean and this is my new #FAV!
4	I absolutely love Kabob Grill. Their chicken is fresh and juicy. I was a little intimated by the amount of rice they give with their kabob plates, but the rice is SO good, you won't be able to stop eating it. They are also super fast. I called, placed my order and they said my food would be ready in 15 minutes. I came 5 minutes earlier and my food was handed to me immediately. My plate came with a side, so I asked for hummus. I don't know if it was a goof up, but the hummus did not come with pita.  Make sure you ask for pita with the hummus. I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for fast, healthy Mediterranean food.
4	I love this place. The food is  perfectly seasoned, the Greek fries are amazing, and the service is always with a smile! Great lunch spot for me...but I'd drive the 20 miles from home to enjoy it as well!! Everything is made with LOVE!!!
3	Hella long wait time for a to-go order: I was literally waiting 25 minutes.For a walk-up-and-order establishment,this isn't an acceptable wait- either speed up or rearrange to offer wait service.Chicken kabob platter came with two skewers, rice or fries, a side salad, and a side: opted for the dolmas. Everything tasted good, including the new cilantro sauce that I was encouraged to try at the register.Dolmas were served warm, the way I like them, instead of cold. Creamy house dressing on the salad is delish.Suggestions for management: rice is in a cooker, salads and sides should be assembled and ready to go so that only the chicken needs to be made to order. Even from a raw state, this shouldn't be 25 minutes. Especially considering you have two guys in the kitchen.
5	I was  looking for a healthy spot for lunch and spotted this place so figured I'd give it a try.  Of course before going in I did check the Yelp reviews and that solidified my decision.  I ordered the salmon kabob platter which came with two salmon kabobs,  salad and for my side I chose the rice. Fair price for $12.99.  My drink was free with check in.  This is definitely a place I would eat at again or order take out from if I'm in the area.  There was no wait on the Sunday afternoon that I went and the people working there are beyond friendly.  I wish they would open a location on the Westside.
5	Today marks my 5th time being here so I feel like it's only appropriate I write a review.Delicious healthy food. You can tell it's fresh ingredients and meats/chicken (very juicy) It's not made until you order. It gets you full and satisfied without feeling horrible about yourself like other fast food joints lol! It's very hard for me to give a restaurant five stars since I'm picky but this deserves it!Thank you kabob staff for the great food:)
2	The food tastes good. A little over priced but I won't be coming here anymore. Waited 45 minutes for two entrees to go and nobody else was in the restaurant, For the entire time.
5	My husband and I pick up food from here way too much.. and there's a good reason for it. Everything is fresh and so unbelievably tasty. I refuse to go anywhere else for kabobs as it's always a letdown!
4	It's somewhat fast, but definitely fresh and authentic food!  Worth the wait.  Killed the chicken skewer plate!  Will go back for the falafel next.  I would say it is within that paleo diet if you skip the rice!  Happy eating!
5	Well it's friday before labor day and we tried out The Kabob Grill for the first time. I was worried we wouldn't be able to get a table, but to our surprise we were the only ones in the place at 6:30 on a friday night! We placed our order and as we waited for our dinner, there was plenty of phone orders and people coming in for take out (some taking out 4 to 5 bags full of food!). The place is nice and clean, with nice mellow music playing in the background. There is one TV with a college football game on, so if you need to watch something important, they can probably change the channel for you. I was glad to get a seat in there and I keep comparing the place to another Greek place that we always go to and that place is near impossible to get a table unless you are lucky, but enough of that because this is some place else. The good thing is the food is really good and fresh! I had the chicken kabob dinner and Lana had the beef, since each comes with two each, we got to trade so we could try a taste of both. Greek salad was good, french fries were perfectly cooked and the rice pilaf was very nice and light. Pita bread is excellent and in small half circles that I have never seen before. Hummus and Babaganosh was just like Mama used to make (ha ha!). Dine in food is served on attractive red plates and presentation was a step up from the norm which is refreshing for a simple place. Do a "check-in" and they will comp you your soft drinks. The price per person is about $10 each and the portions of meat a just a tiny bit smaller than we are used to, but if you are not a huge appetite person the entrees are just right. The sides and pita bread rounds out the meal very nicely so there is plenty to keep you satisfied. Hmmm? this was our first time and we hardly ever have dessert, but I don't remember seeing that offered on the menu, but I could have overlooked it.One word of caution though, if you order fries there is a area where you get your utensils, salt and pepper and such; well the red plastic squeeze bottles are not ketchup, it's tabasco sauce! No big deal though, I didn't put that much on my french fries before I figured out the watery ketchup is hot sauce. South Eastern Ave sure has alot of restaurants and it seems this area close to Big-5 sporting goods is one of our favorite spots. Good Indian food, Great Crepes and now Greek!
4	Stopped by this place for lunch before making the drive home to So Cal.  We wanted our final holiday meal to be a relatively healthy one having eaten heartily all week in beautiful Las Vegas.  I had the chicken kabob combo with the Greek salad & cucumber yogurt.  My friend had the beef kabob combo.  The food was delicious.  It was low salt & low grease and tasted great.  We were glad not to have eaten a heavy meal because we didn't want to feel bloated for the tedious drive home.
3	Nice little place. Very friendly counter staff. We ordered the chicken and steak kabob platter, mine with french fries, hubby's with rice. The five meat chunks on each skewer were bitesize and while the chicken was tender and tasty, the steak was somewhat tough. My seasoned fries were really good, and I stole some of hubby's rice....it was perfect--fluffy and tasty! However, the salad was only ok with a sorta Thousand Island-y dressing. And unfortunately, I didn't like my cucumber yogurt or hubby's babaganoush at all so that and the less-than-stellar meat kinda ruined it for me. Not to mention the prices, which were way too high. I've had more for less elsewhere. So, it's back to "elsewhere!"
4	I've been coming here since they opened. Honestly, I'm in love with the chicken kabobs. I think my emotional affair with the tzatziki sauce should be illegal. They started off small and with a pretty diverse menu and to see this Resteraunt grow has been amazing! The food is always fresh and comes out quickly. The family that owns it is amazing and so friendly. Not to mention they keep the dining area clean as can be. I love Persian food, Mediterranean food of all kinds, but this place is top knotch. The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because the dining area is smaller than i would like. A little crowded. But that's a good thing too, that means that butts are always in the seats. Way to go kabob grill.
5	This place been here for a while and finally stopped to give it a try. Glad we did. The service is good and the food is exceptional.
2	The food is still delicious but unfortunately, we've decided we won't be going back. They've slowly reduced what you get with your entree & increased the amount they charge. Your no getting enough "bang for your buck" as they say. They started off strong & the food is very good, but you can't expect to keep long term customers when they know you used to offer so much more....and for less money. No more roasted tomatoes, sliced onions, much smaller cuts of meat on the kabobs & more veggies. I love my veggies, but I'm not paying $10+ for a veggie kabob & some rice.
3	Good flavorful food, long wait for food to get done, myself and two kids, above the "average price"
5	So delicious the food is incredible !I can eat here every day !Great service I really love it they are the best! Highly recommend Kabob Grill for any occasion.I enjoy the food very much and now they offer great menu large or small portions.:))
4	One of my personal favorite lunch spots, I'm always trying to convince the gang to come here. It's the perfect lunch trifecta of Affordable, Fast, and Tasty. On top of that, we can get low-carb, no carb, vegetarian...thank you, Kabob Grill, for making my life this easy.I usually get either the basic Kabob Meal, or if I am feeling "craaay-zay" the gyro meal, because I am a creature of habit, and lame. Hummus is also awesome, as is cucumber salad, and I'm not sure but I think they make the pita in house? Either way, I think Kabob Grill is my favorite "generic middle eastern" place in Vegas, however pedestrian that might make me. Love em. Can't wait to head back.
4	Enjoy eating at this restaurant. We primarily do take out but the food is always great. Staff is also very friendly and helpful with suggestions from the menu. We usually do Chicken and Steak Kabobs with Basmati Rice and Baba Ghanoush! Always tasty! They also now have a phone app to help make take out orders easier.
4	I've only tried the gyro and loved it.  Place is very clean, prices are affordable and staff is friendly.  Will definitely come back.
3	The food was ok.... But not real mediterranean food style.I try a lot of places before, Good but that's it
3	What's up with this place always running out of the ground beef kabobs??? I come specifically for this dish and they always run out. Apparently they ran out this morning and it is now 6pm and since then have not made more. I doubt I'll be coming in without calling ahead to see if they have ground beef kabobs. I'm pretty disappointed with their lack of preparation otherwise I would give them a 5 because the food is pretty good here.
3	Gyro wrap ($8.99) was good and flavorful, but the falafel wrap ($7.99) was flavorless.  Each comes with your choice of tzaziki/hummus with your wrap, and a side.  I chose French fries and babaghanoush.  Both were good.  I like it that they seasoned their fries.  I can eat them without ketchup.  Babaghanoush is good, but beware,  your breath will be garlicky for the rest of the day.  Brushing and rinsing does not help.Check in via yelp gets you a free drink.  The staff were friendly, and the place is clean.
5	First time trying Mediterranean food and it was delicious!! I will definitely be back for more, the staff was friendly and informative. Your meals come with sides like : rice, hummus, salad, fries, among other tasty ones. They have different sauces to go with your meal ,i recommend the cilantro sauce. Didn't wait long for our food which was awesome because one of our friends was on her lunch break so gave us time to actually enjoy our food. You also have the option of seating outside and for today that was an awesome option cause the weather was perfect. Try it if your around the area looking for a quick healthy meal.
5	Great food, fresh, fast and delicious. First visit both my wife and I enjoyed the large combo plates. Hummus was full of flavor and you can taste the freshness, shrimp was flavorful, chicken was popping and the streak was tender. Sides are all just the right portion and the cilantro sauce was very good. Kabob's you have some new customers NOW!!!
5	Affordable and delicious Greek food. Try it out as these guys deserve your business
3	I really wanted to like this place. The food seems great but that cashier/server was just an ass. He said there's no yelp special "July free" when it's clearly on yelp and at their location. He claims its not their restaurant. Well whatever, I don't even know what that is. I didn't really mind that but when I was asking suggestions for meals he was being very unfriendly. Kudos for the food and place but you get 3 stars because of Carlos. Thank him for that. Boom
5	Friendly folks and good food. Would be awesome if they had appetizers like cheeseballs :-) Definitely will eat here again!
