4	A delicious healthier version of Mexican food! Best pinto beans in town!
4	I LOVE @Rubios_BeachMex . REAL grilled steak tacos and 4 great salsa to choose from.This visit I was redeeming my Birthday Email for a $7 Entree!!I ordered the 2 Steak Taco plate with Chips & Beans!Fantastic. Friendly Service.  I had intended to take it to go but it smelled so good I had to tear into it right away.I would have given 5 stars except the nearest location is in BFE:(Don;t forget to sign up for the Beach Club to get YOUR Free Stuff!:-)
4	Yeah it's another chain mexican type place but I'd say it's the best chain mexican type place out there.  I like this location for it's extra clean store and competent staff that didn't scowl, grunt, mumble or slouch while taking my order.Lobster Burrito, $8.79, ugh, bad price, but great burrito, it's not all that big but it sure is tastey.
4	Our morning at work consists of Getting set up and preparing for the daily business prior to opening our doors and a few other small things. But most importantly we have to all come to Agreement on what to eat for lunch.. Well today we had a tough time figuring it out but the underlying theme was Mexican. Someone shouted Chipotle, then someone shouted, " Ugghhhhh, are you serious?" Then From the other side of the building you hear a faint, " Baja Fresh", and again you hear, " What? Are you kidding me?" and finally someone suggested Rubios and there was a moment of silence and  the tension in the room Mellowed and the calmness of Agreement was among us. We all put our orders down and I chose to devour a Veggie burrito. Veggie Burrito? You ask... Yep, Portabellos, peppers, beans, rice, and a nice kick to the hot salsa i had them add. Once the order arrived in our office we all headed back to the lunch table like a heard of Lions to a large................. salad..... Okay i know lions don't eat salad but just in case you are reading this as a bedtime story to your kid i did not want to say we headed to them like lions on zebra.. Moving on. The Burrito was plentiful, and they did not skimp on the portabello which i have to be honest I was expecting. This thing was stuffed like a thanksgiving burrito and was really really filling. Everyone elses food looked great and smelled great as well. I now think that this is going to be moved a little closer to the top of our lunch picks for the future feasts. If you have not been here, and are in a hurry and like Veggies i would recommend trying out the Veggie burrito that they execute with perfection.
5	Great place to eat with friends during lunch.I've been frequenting this location for a few years and I have never been disappointed.  The wait for the food is reasonable, even when they're are exceptionally busy.The employees are very friendly and even though we become a "regular" once a week, they even know what we're going to order before we can open our mouth! :)My usuals consist of one of the following choices:- 2 Fish Tacos Plate- Nachos Grande w/ Grilled Chicken- Fish Burrito & Taco PlateAlways a good choice here.  Food is a great deal for the price!
5	I'm a big Rubio's fan and this could well be their best location. We were served by the manager who correctly prepared our tricky order with a smile. Worth visiting for a nice lunch.
5	I eat at this specific Rubio's very frequently and I'm never disappointed. I absolutely love eating here.The food is not the most amazing food you will ever eat but it is above par. It is also not extremely expensive so it is definitely worth it.After the first two times going there, they remembered my name and the chefs knew our order and started cooking when they saw our car. Even when they are busy, our food is ready in very little time. And not bad for being so quick.It's close to home and has good service and I would recommend it to anyone.
4	As a general rule, I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, but I do enjoy a good fish taco. For some reason, it seems that the vast majority of Mexican restaurants do not offer fish tacos on their menus. That's probably because it's harder to get it right compared to a chicken or carne asada taco. Fortunately, there is Rubio's. Its whole claim to fame is the original Baja-style fish taco and as far as I'm concerned, Rubio's makes one of the best. Crispy beer-battered fish is served with shredded cabbage, mild salsa, and a tangy white sauce in a flour or soft corn tortilla. It's just as delicious as it sounds, but it tastes better if you eat it right away before the batter has a chance to get soggy. On Fish Taco Tuesdays, the original fish taco is only $1.25 after 2:30pm.We also enjoy their carnitas rajas taco with its tender and tasty pork. My wife often orders their balsamic and roasted veggie salad with grilled chicken. Their salsa bar has 3 different salsas: mild green, spicy red, and my favorite, the chipotle. For the health conscious, they offer a grilled Mahi Mahi version which is very tasty as well. Sure there are other items on their menu, but we typically stick with our favorites.Rubio's is a great choice for an inexpensive meal that tastes good. With friendly and efficient counter service and surroundings that are clean and comfortable, what more could you ask for? If you join their "Beach Club" email list, they will send you coupons on a regular basis, including a free meal on your birthday.
4	I am a HUGE fan of Rubio's Fish Tacos with flour tortilla of course. I don't think I have had fish tacos anywhere else that was so yummy! The fish is always crispy and tender in the middle and the cabbage isn't overbearing and overstuffed. I also love the fact that Rubio's has a salsa bar that you can pick different salsas out. When I'm feeling for something a  lil healthier this is the place that I go to....although I'm not sure how deep fried anything is healthier.
4	Oddly enough, this was my first time eating at a Rubio's.  I was in the area and decided to give it a try.  After browsing the menu for a while, I decided to go for the Steak Burrito w/Pinto Beans instead of Black Beans ($6.29) and a Carnitas Taco ($1.69).While I was waiting for my meal, I went to the Salsa Bar and filled up 4 cups of their spiciest Salsa.  The food came out relatively fast.  I decided to go for the Carnitas Taco first......it kind of like the "Street Tacos" found in Mexico.....Corn Tortilla, Meat, Onions, Cilantro, Lime Juice.  I poured some Salsa on it and took a bite.....it was pretty good, but not great.  It's very small and in my opinion not worth $1.69.Next, I went for the Steak Burrito which came with a side of Chips.....bonus!  I took one bite of the Burrito and became a fan.  The Steak reminds me of the Carne Asada I had in So Cal growing up.  The flavor of the Burrito hit home for me.  The Salsa was pretty spicy too, so that was awesome!  The Chips weren't that good though.....good thing I didn't pay extra for that.Overall, it was a good dining experience.  Glad I found a new quick Mexican joint.Return Factor - 80%
4	These are not the best fish tacos you will ever try, but they are good.And of you go after 2:30 on Tuesdays, the fish tacos are $1.25 each - which pretty much makes them very good.
3	Mentioning my name in certain circles is verboten. Never mention Rex Marvin at the San Antonio Community  Quilting Bee...apparently quilting the greatest moment of your sexual history isn't appropriate for a 12 year old looking to enter the competitive world of quilting.  Never mention Rex Marvin at the National Bowling Stadium...apparently streaking across the lanes with "This Isn't A Real Sport" on your buttocks is a faux pas.  The beer and bratwurst crowd can be a touchy one.  Never mention Rex Marvin at the Birmingham Alabama "Is This Your Sister or Your Wife" Blueberry Festival...apparently screaming "anyone who didn't take a bath with your future wife as kids aren't really married in this state" is a little too close to the truth for most. (On a side not, moonshine, incest and the bible is a dangerous combination. A lot of bad ideas are formulated.)  And never...ever...ever mention the name of Rex Marvin at the Kentucky Apple Festival...I will just say this...when someone tells me there is an apple festival...and there is no Apple Spinach Lasagna then you get what you deserve...and if that means holding the Apple Queen down (a guy in a dress by the way)...and putting apples in every cavity...then you take it like a man...a man in a dress with shaved legs and a date that couldn't tell he was a man. In most Mexican food restaurants...chain restaurants... there is a written rule to ban Rex Marvin on sight. They won't announce this policy...if you mention Rex Marvin they will call the cops and have you escorted out.  Only Del Taco has publicly stated on a Danish Crime Show roughly translated as "Man Who Can't Salt Fish Correctly" that I will be killed even if I try to go through the drive thru.  I have taken that on as a badge of all that is right in the world.  (Secretly, I go in to Del Taco's and eat their crappy food while writing 'Tom Sizemore banged your mom' on bathroom stall walls.)  I take Mexican food very seriously, because it is great when you just take great ingredients and don't mess them up. Most places use over processed crappy ingredients and used heavily handed sauces.  Fresh, simple and flavorful. Chain Mexican food restaurants seem to remove the flavor when they defrost the meat outside in the sun.  Canned vegetables. Premade sauces. Frozen food. Is there any reason that 4 of my 9 felony convictions have been committed in a fast food Mexican place? Instead of the Twinkie Defense I used the Canned Crap defense. When I woke up behind a Rubio's after 3 days of snorting bath salts and Pine Sol. Trust me it is something that is really best left to the professionals.  I woke up to a great smell...actually I woke up to 3 guys carrying trash cans and drinking low grade sake out of a plastic jug.  Three shots later I was ready to eat. Nice guys. Bought two Chinese stars and some fireworks.  They kept smiling and speaking Finnish...weird blonde bastards. I went into Rubios and it was a revelation. Very reasonable priced. Very good food. All of the chips are made fresh daily. The standout is the fish taco.  I have gone back several times and I have bought the battered fish tacos (I suggested calling it the Rihanna but they didn't go for it) and they were great every time. Get the Especial, very good guacamole and cilantro. Worth the 40 cents.  The Burritos are very good and a good size for the price. The salad has a lot of good things in it, not just lettuce and the blows are good if you are into that. They are light.  The taquitos are good, but not crispy enough the time I got it. The main thing is that this place uses great ingredients. The times I have eaten there I have loved the food.  Is it as good as a great local place...no, it can't be. It is still a chain, but a good chain...like the one from my scrotum to my nipple. It does have a decent sauce bar. The three sauces range from very good to okay. They have roasted pepper sauce and the best one. There is a salsa verde, but it is the weakest one. They have a spicy piccante which is good, but one note.The bad...the sides are not great. The beans are just awful. Very soupy. Not much flavor. The rice was dry. The sides are very important and seem like an after thought here. Sad, because it would be better rated if they cared about their side dishes. I won't eat there all the time. I won't eat there when I have better alternatives, but I will go back. I like it. I don't love it. It is how I feel about the girl who I peep into her windows. I like her enough to look...not enough to stalk. Fine line? Yes. A line nonetheless? Yes.
4	I think Rubios deserves a shout out! Especially because I ate there three times in a row and ordered the same exact thing every time. What was so delicious that had me addicted three days in a row...the Gourmet Shrimp Tacos! They were so good and it was even topped with bacon. The tacos had a sweet smokey flavor to them. They were cheap but didn't taste like it!
5	I usually go for the garlic herb shrimp tacos- 2 taco plate. You get yourself some picante salsa, tomatillo salsa, pickled carrots and jalopenos, sit down and start eating. 2.5 seconds later when you've inhaled your food- you can thank me. swing by on tuesdays for $1.50 fish tacos (after 2PM). You're welcome.
4	The menu's a bit more pricier than the typical but the food is good. Star deducted because there are a lot of locations on the west side of Vegas so I only stop by if I'm visiting family on that side of town.
4	The salads here are very underrated!  I opt for the chicked ranch every time.  Add the homemade hot sauce with some fresh limes and wow not a bad lunch for like 6 bucks!I'm a fan!
5	this place has the best fish tacos !! woo!
4	I saw a special on the food network about their fish tacos so I had to try them.  Well I must say that it was love at first bite.  I can't say anything about any other menu items as I only have eyes for the fish tacos.
4	She was a past lover. I used to visit every Tuesday.. I decided to check on her. She's changed; charged me extra this time. A whole quarter more for her "fish taco." I told her: three, flour; chipotle and white sauce on the side, PLUS cilantro, AND Guac n chips. She complied, as I slipped the payment for the goods. I prepared the routine strategy. Handful of limes and four stacks of roasted chipotle sauce. No lemons. I waited for her arrival. The surprise lime embedded in every taco.. old moves, trying to play on my memories. She was different now, she changed. Yet, I still loved her. Not a bite wasted. It was done. I told myself I wasn't coming back next time; that it wasn't the same anymore. She smiled, she knew I would return, & at that very moment, I also knew.
3	I cannot stand inconsistency, and that is what you get here at this location. Sometimes it's great, and other times it's just not.  So, I find myself coming here less and less.Plus side the staff are very friendly.
5	I've never had a bad experience at this Rubio's. The food is always good and they have never gotten any of my "special requests" wrong which is impressive.
5	This is my absolute fav place to get fresh mex in las vegas. People are always nice, food is always good, and it's cheerful and clean. Fish tacos are amazing and I never get sick of them. Bean burritos are my kids favorites. I've never had a bad meal and the price is good.
1	The grilled ono burrito is now nearly $8.00. Thats like a 25 percent increase overnight! Want cheese? .95 cents more! I couldn't believe my eyes. As the guys rang me up, I realized that with tax, a lousy burrito from an average at best fast food mexican hut was going to be over $10.00!!  I looked at the clerked and said, " are you out of your mind?". He just shrugged, I mean, what the f&$@ does he care, anyway? Then I promptly said, " uh, bu bye." People, their food is marginal on a good day, and now everything is way too expensive. Chipotle anyone?.
4	I am a huge rubios fan and prefer them over Chipotle. However rubios prices have been getting a bit too high.  They are over priced now just by a little bit.  However their food is fantastic and I love their chips and all their fresh made salsas to pick from.  Their restaurant is always very clean and comfortable to sit inside or outside.  I love their fish tacos too.  Their beans are never refried and I love their black beans too.  I wish they had a location a little closer to where I moved to but that's ok it's still worth the drive.
4	Can't beat taco tuesday... $1.25 fish tacos after 2:30pm.  Good salsas.  Overall great value.
4	Haven't been in for a while, but I had to get one of their new Smoky Red Chile Hand Battered Shrimp Tacos...it was really good. The sauce is sweet with a hint of heat, very nice. Had to get a Fish Taco as well, always a favorite of mine. Love their Chipotle salsa. Staff is always friendly, helpful. I think their food is worth the price, I'd rather eat here than a fast food burger joint.
4	Free birthday meal!? HECK YES!Sooo on your bday they email you a 7 coupon for your bday, as long as you sign up for the email club prior. Now Ive been to Rubios in San Jose and really liked it! My son enjoys their classic fish tacos, and on Tuesday after 230 you can get them for 1.25 each! DEAL!! I on the other hand do not like fish, but do like shrimp, Im a weirdo lol. Anywho we ventured here after school a few days before my bday (they send the email on the first of the month) I scanned the menu for chicken and shrimp options, and asked the cashier what she recommends, her answer were the street tacos. Now I wanted to get more bang for my freebucks so I ordered the chicken burrito sans tomatoes. My son chose 2 fish tacos so my total was only 3!! SCORE!! We went to the salsa bar and got some hot salsa and FRESH cut limes!! FRESHHHHH! We always opt for water bc soda is the devil, I went ahead and squirted (dirty!) a lime into my water and enjoyed how yummy it was! We only had a short wait and our food was BROUGHT OUT to us! WHOA! I couldve walked my little fat ace up there and when I seen him I stood up and he said no and walked it to us. Talk about hospitality! I cased my burrito and noticed it needed to be mixed up and needed more crema. I was a little afraid to ask, but he gave me a generous helping of it. YUM! So I put my crema and salsa and salted that bad boy. Now typically I do not like beans in burritos, unless theyre from Chipotle. Here the burritos taste like a more Mexican chipotle and most def make you feel fuller. The burritos are long and medium, not short and fat like Chipotle. We both bit into our yummies and honestly I wasnt crazy about the burrito... it was kinda a fail : ( It honestly had no seasoning and was pretty bland even after all the stuff I added. I even added lime to give it a light taste, but negative! Also the tortilla dried out pretty fast bc the AC was on in there so my burrito pretty much stooped over and died mid meal. Thank goodness they give you chips otherwise Id be eating it with a fork. My son only ate 1 taco bc they also got a little soggy... we are the weirdos who take like an hour to eat, but since the ac was kickin it kinda died up our tortillas. No biggie! Cant be all grim over almost free food!!Now I give this place 4 stars bc of the customer service, as mentioned above both the cashier and food runner were very courteous. Also, my son was wandering and seen a beach ball so I asked if they sold them and the cashier gave him a FREE RUBIOS BEACHBALL! How nice right?!All in all we'll go back to try the other yummies!!
5	The dining experience is more than I'd expect from a place like this. It's like I'm dinning at a 5 star restaurant-- I'm exaggerating, of course--with people coming over and asking how my food is, asking if I need anything else, taking away my plates. Can I give you a tip for god sakes? I'm always impressed when people learn my name and that definitely earns points from me. Right now, I'm obsessed with their pan seared salsa verde shrimp tacos.  You gotta try them! I have horrible cravings for those bad boys.They also make sure you keep coming back.  One time, they messed up my order and because of it, they gave me a card that entitled me to one free taco for my inconvenience.  I wasn't even mad or upset about it, but I wasn't gunna pass up a free taco either.
5	Best food ever and the service is very great! I have been going there for years and always had a great experience with the servers and the food is always as I order it. The only thing this location needs to do is make sure there is plenty of chips and that they are fresh. Make sure you say plenty of chips and fresh! This place is great!
5	My wife and I are hooked on your fish tacos. They are the best we have ever eaten and we have gone coast to coast and have tried some amazing fish tacos and other tasty  bites. The fish is always fresh and delicious and put in a warm fresh corn tortilla grilled to perfection makes this taco such a treat. Incredible and tasty and truly the best fish taco on this planet!!
3	Decent food. Had the fish tacos, good but nothing to get excited about.  Clean. Really good service.
4	Rubios is a version of a fast mex food... their specialty is "sea" tacos.. Tilapia, shirp, lobster tacos... their prices are very good and their food very delicious. also if you sign up online you can receive discounts and a free meal on your b-day.. i would recommend their combos.. half salad + any taco or their bowl..the chipotle salad was amazing!!
5	They have a wonderful ambiance! I really like their cleanliness and openness.  I'm grateful they are on my way from work and they are very quick and thorough.  Thanks to your wonderful staff!
4	I love everything they make. My 'must haves' would definitely be the chick/tortilla soup. The portabella taco is always good. The shrimp/mandarin salad is fabulous. Fresh brewed ice tea and the most unexpected music playing. I like it, I don't think most folks even know what they are hearing, and that makes me giggle. Hooray, Rubio's!
5	I wish this was closer to me. I'd eat there once a week if I could.Obviously the fish tacos are the BEST and the Gourmet Steak taco with bacon is addicting.The staff is always super nice, another manager, who has been there forever - you can tell he loves his job and Rubios!
2	Fish taco plate is composed two tacos, a little cup of refried beans and some tortilla chips.If you also get a drink, you will have to pay almost $9.I do have to say, the fish taco was very tasty.
5	For fast food, their fish tacos and shrimp tacos combos are tasty. It comes with beans and chips. I love all their salsas too. Rubio's is my favorite Mexican fast food.
5	First time I went here. It was so delicious. I cannot wait to go back.
5	This place is great!  George the shift leader was incredible. His team was friendly and happy especially since it was a half hour after closing. The music was upbeat and hip. Ill definitely be coming to this location more often. Oh yeah, and of course my food was great!
5	ten years I think I've been going here and always yummy! People are super nice too!
4	I went for dinner on a Tuesday night.  I did not order the $1.50 Original Fish Tacos.  They were located on West Sahara Ave/S Ft Apache Rd in Las Vegas.I had a coupon for free chips and guacamole with the purchase of an entree.  i ordered my favorite Chipotle Shrimp Salad.  i was disappointed that there were no fresno chiles on the salad like they have at other locations.  Maybe the person making the salad forgot to put them on.I will be back!
4	This place is a healthy alternative to fast food Mexican food places. They have good fish tacos too. The one reason I come here is that they don't put lard in any of their food. The pinto beans and black beans are vegetarian. I would recommend this place over any other fast food Mexican restaurant.
1	I live around the corner and had been wanting to stop and eat here. So I finally did. It was horrible. Paid over 35 for two average combos. The picture had a drink on the combo but at the counter they told me the drink wasn't included in the price. False advertisement.
4	The last time before this visit that I went to a Rubio's, it was in Long Beach and they were hella rude when I asked if they could make tacos without meat.While vegan tacos aren't on the menu at all, this location is perfectly willing to not only meet my request, but make it just as delicious as anything else they offer. All their tortillas are dairy-free, and their corn tortillas are gluten and dairy-free, with the nutrition info made easily available on their website, and the staff is careful to make sure you don't accidentally get cheese on your order.Not too shabby for a chain. Come to Canada, please.
4	I use Rubios for catering through Restaurants On The Run all the time. I consistently get great quality, presentation, and the people I cater for LOVE it. Their food is always fresh and tasty, and they work hard to keep customers coming back. Highly recommend for catering!!!!
5	Excellent Fish Taco Tuesday! The fish tacos are amazing and for $1.50 each on Tuesday what a deal! I highly recommend a visit on Tuesday.
5	Work lunch take out....they deserve a 5 star for having our order ready when we arrived and for them confirming all orders were correct. We were in and out in 5 minutes. Great job Rubios!!
4	Ordered the shrimp tacos----was really good.  Will come back again.  The California bowl is good too.
4	They are known for the fish tacos & they don't disappoint. The fish is always so fresh & the baja style reminds me of my old hometown which I sincerely miss. It's a casual & very affordable place that is always quick & delicious. The salsa bar is also appreciated & I'm a regular here.
2	The food is good, but unfortunately they have new people working the register that aren't as good - in fact, rather lazy. On 8/22, the girl at the register went and sat in the back of the kitchen rather than tend to customers out front. When our order came out, an item was missing. We figured no big deal, maybe she is new. On 8/29, we called our order in at 5:50pm to pick up. When we got there it was busy. After several people came in after us and got their orders before us, we asked about our order. Except for two items that had been made (which were ultimately cold), the rest hadn't been made - she hadn't followed up on our order and couldn't have cared less that it hadn't been made. We asked to speak to the manager who wasn't there. The other girl wrote a message, but of course I doubt the manager ever saw it. So, forty minutes later we got our food and left and I doubt we'll return unless they can muster up some better customer service.
4	Even though it's a franchise the shrimp dishes are phenomenal and the black beans are good. Clean & friendly. $
2	I haven't been to Rubio's in years, but after overhearing some coworkers talking about fish tacos, I had a hankering that I finally have in to. I stopped in at this location on a Tuesday thinking they had discounted fish tacos, but much to my chagrin, it was only after 2:30. Darn, but I decided to order a fish taco combination plate anyway since I was already.The fish was ok, but the tortillas were stale and chewy and the sauce was just so bland. Nostalgia is a crazy thing, as I remember loving these tacos, but I don't think I'll be stopping by again any time soon.
3	14 years ago after moving to Las Vegas, this was a place we thought had some good fish taco's but we had so many other places to eat, we had't returned. Today, on this side of town I thought I'd try it again. I got the costal trio, Original Fish Taco, Salsa Verde Shrimp Taco and Regal Spring Tilapia Taco. The shrimp and fish taco's was good, fresh, crispy with crunch, however, the tilapia was a little fishy smell, it turned me off. I like their choices, you can mix and match and the have a fresh salsa bar. And i love the fresh mango tea!
5	I come to Rubio's at least once a week for their gourmet tacos. The gourmet sauce is so delicious. Like seriously stop reading this and go try them.
4	A little pricey for what it is but the food is delicious. I am a big fan of the shrimp tacos with avocado and bits of bacon, and they pair nicely with rice and black beans. A step up from your generic fast food taco joint, but worth the splurge.
2	Manager and her employees are rude, and could pretty much care less about any sort of customer service. Burnt my food and I had to wait around for approx 20 minutes for them to remake my food. Have had much better experiences at other Rubios. Steer clear.
5	I have been on a quest for quite sometime to find the best fish tacos in town. I've tried them at bonefish grill, yardhouse, wahoo fish tacos ect... Still I always come back to rubios for the best fish tacos out there. The pieces of fish are large and crispy. Better than any restaurant I have tried fast food or not. Highly recommend!
5	Fantastic food lower priced the f*** it I think the lobster burritos are going to get me laid.
4	I love the fish tacos from here, I've tried a few different ones and they're always great. There's a ton of fish in the tortilla every time too !
