5	Delicious food, reasonable prices and very knowledgeable staff. I recommend "The Favorite" omelet!
4	My coworkers and I were exploring the Summerlin ArtWalk at The Trails Center and was approached by a Rachel's Kitchen employee. She handed each of us a menu and welcomed us to check them out for their grand opening across the street.While browsing through the art, we read through the menu, looking through all their salads, pasta, wraps, sandwiches, and burgers. Their menu also includes a breakfast menu served all day, a kids menu for the little ones, along with a lighter menu for the calorie-conscious. Dunno about my coworkers, but I was hungry and won over by the sweet potato fries or onion rings. We decided to head over.Situated right next to Kumon, the restaurant is well-lit and is bigger than it appears from the outside. You can order at the counter and they'll assign you a number so someone can bring your food to your table. The dining area is spacious, although the drink station is a bit hidden at the back. Their service is quite friendly and efficient too.I had the cheeseburger with the 1/3-pound patty done medium. When I picked the burger up, it was practically dripping its juices onto my plate. Their sweet potato fries were made well, not too thick and still crisp. Yum. I really like that they have clean, healthy dishes that have this fresh vibe to them.Might have to come by for a smoothie or one of their freshly squeezed juices sometime! It's a nice place to grab a typical breakfast, lunch, or brunch.
4	I love the fresh salads that they have here...it's still in semi construction about a month before its really finished...friendly and fast service...great place to meet up with some girlfriends for a light lunch...just glad it's only down the street from me...
4	Stopped in for lunch yesterday. I work across the street, which is convenient. The place was very clean. The service was quick and easy. The food was delicious. My burger had great flavor, juicy and cooked to order. The french fries perfectly seasoned and crispy. My smoothie was perfect and cold. I like the outdoor seating. The weather is still nice enough to eat outdoors.  I look forward to going again.
5	Stopped by after the gym to see what Rachel's offered for breakfast. take-out. I ordered a breakfast wrap and added turkey bacon.  Any place that offers turkey bacon, vegan and vegetarian options is awesome in my book!  The wrap was amazing!  The food is fresh and hot.  Even though the food was perfect, my favorite part was the super-friendly staff.  Can't wait to go back.
5	I heard so much about this place, that I had to check it out.The people at the counter are super friendly and patient - especially since it was our first time there.During our whole visit there, we must have been asked how we were doing at least FIVE times.  They people here really care!I ended up ordering the "440 Sandwich" which is grilled chicken breast, goat cheese, avocado, roasted red peppers, roasted tomatoes and romaine lettuce. It comes with a choice of mixed green salad, french fries, sweet potato fries, or onion rings.From just the sandwich I was pretty full.  I loved the peppers, goat cheese and chicken breast.  A refreshingly different kind of chicken sandwich from other places I have eaten at.It may not look like a big establishment, but being in a corner retail space, it really opens up towards the rear of restaurant.  When I was last there, they were also building a balcony to where you can eat outside.I hope to come back here again soon!
2	Friendly service, but the food was terrible. The onion rings and smoothies were pretty good but everything else was pretty bad. My burger was over cooked and over seasoned. My husbands French fries had no salt or flavor. The Hawaiian bliss smoothie was great. We might give this place another shot before we write it off.
5	Well, I FINALLY tried Rachel's Kitchen! So glad I did! This will be a weekly thing for sure :)I ordered the "French Toast". The slices were thick and the amount of maple syrup was just right.  I have to warn you that after eating the french toast you will not leave hungry! Next time I am going to try the "Ultimate Grilled Cheese". The prices were great and portions nice.  It was very clean inside and the staff very friendly. There was just a good vibe all around.  I asked the cashier if they had phone ahead ordering and I was told not only can I place and order for pick up I can order it online! They have the option on their website apparently.  I will be taking advantage of this!They have tons and tons of healthy options from food to drinks. I also noticed a sign for catering. You can also "like" them on Facebook.
5	I stopped by for a smoothie after a grueling morning. The place is like the Tardis. Dr Who fans will immediately understand what I mean but for Less nerdy Yelpers, I would describe Rachel's as being a lot bigger on the inside than it appears from outside.It is very clean, the staff are smiley and efficient and my Acai Berry smoothie with soy protein was tip top.I'm going back for real food, maybe one of the delicious sounding breakfasts on the menu and I will update my mini review.
4	Had this one bookmarked once I heard this location was opening soon.  Didn't even realize it was walking distance from the gym that I hit from time to time.  Also didn't realize that it finally opened.  First visit was a couple of weeks ago and didn't put in a review because all I had was their Peanut Butter Blaster.  I had this minus the banana and added a scoop of whey protein. Simply delicious and a perfect post-workout since there's at least 30 grams of protein between the scoop and peanut butter. Had their Smoked Turkey and Avocado Sandwich on my most recent visit.  I had the avocado deleted and it was perfect.  Usually a turkey sandwich anywhere is bland unless you have condiments.  This sandwich wasn't.  The smoked turkey is a good touch and so good that I can't wait to come back for more.  Friend of mine had their Curry Chicken Salad.  She loved it and killed it so I know it was good.  Rachel's Kitchen has a lot to offer.  From oat meals to burgers, smoothies to healthy sandwiches, you really can't go wrong dining here.  Service is great as usual and the restaurant is clean.  With this location so close to one of my gyms, I'm sure that I'll be back very very soon.  Word!!!
5	The newest location is right next to my gym, so I'm a happy camper.  I love their oatmeal with strawberries and bananas, a great post-workout meal paired with iced green tea.  There's something on the menu for everyone.  Great service, great food, great googly-moogly.  Happy New Year!
4	I frequently made the trek over to the Hualapai location, but now I don't have to.  OK, it wasn't that far, but the Trailwood location is now so much more convenient.  It has become a  regular stop for the kids and I after our weekly visits to the Summerlin Library.  I have yet to try something on their menu that I do not like. You can't go wrong with the Grilled Chicken, Ultimate Grilled Cheese, or Turkey Sandwiches. The sides options of fries, sweet potato fries, mixed green salad, or onion rings round out the meal. But, my absolute fave is the Chinese Chicken Salad.  And just for kicks, I'll switch it up every once in a while with the classic Chopped Salad.  The best part however, is the fact that if I have a napping baby in the backseat, I don't have to risk waking him up by getting him out of the car and back in.  I can simply place my order over the phone and pick it up curbside, and be on my way.  And I have yet to try it, but ordering online looks super easy and convenient too. My kids also love the smoothies, as do I, but I have recently become a fan of the Popeye's Secret- thanks to Christie O's frequent pics and cheek ins :)  This fresh juice blend of apples, spinach, carrots, celery, beets and parsley just hits the spot and puts me in a healthier state of mind.  Thank you Rachel and Rachel's mom!The service is always friendly and the restaurant is spotless.  I am so glad that Rachel's Kitchen offers such healthy and tasty options, helping me keep my new year resolutions!
2	Visited Rachel's for the first time ever on 1-16-2013 for breakfast with my wife.  Service was not the best, in fact, counter girl had somewhat of an attitude.  Ordered a burrito and a wrap.  When the food came, my wife asked for extra salsa and the same counter girl only offered us hot sauce.  So much for that...so the food to our taste was a little dry.  I was surprised to find Scotch tape on the paper wrapper on my wrap.  All the serving cups are advertising franchise opportunities...a little tacky I thought.  Next time they might be advertising for a lawyer...Need a Check?All in all, ok.  I would much rather go to Jamms or Babycakes.
3	had the vegetarian sandwich and it was awfully greasy and fell apart. but the grilled cheese was good.I wish they had more vegan/veggie options, but overall pretty yummy.
3	Ordered the Ultimate Grilled Cheese with Bacon...I was expecting more honestly.  And the cost...hmmmmm a little over my budget.
3	Everybody loves this place, but I just don't!  I'm sorry!  I hate it when everybody loves a place, but I just can't get into the hype.  Rachel's Kitchen is ok, but it would never be my first choice of places to eat.Everytime I come here, I always think, "Damn, this place is really expensive for what it is."And then everytime I look at the menu and think, "Ohhh, this sounds really good.  I'm going to like this."  And then everytime I order I think, "Damn, this place takes a really long time to make a freaking sandwich."And then everytime I eat it, I think, "Ahh man, this isn't that special."And everytime I leave feeling mildly annoyed that I spent money here.
5	Friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere,and healthy menu options make this place a great choice any time of the day.
1	I thought I would give it a try because I like supporting local places. Terrible choice. I ordered a cheeseburger and my girlfriend ordered a chicken curry wrap.  I asked for the burger to be cooked medium and I got my burger back and it was cooked well done. The first bite I took it was the saltiest tasting thing I've had in a while. The only decent thing on my plate was the sweet potato fries. My girlfriend asked for no cucumbers in her chicken wrap but the mix is already pre-made.  We were told the cucumbers were small diced pieces. She opened up her wrap and there were huge cucumber slices and very little chicken. She was only able to have not even half an ounce of chicken.  This is the last time I will be dining here. What a waste of 20 dollars.
5	I was really sad when Daily Kitchen, through some nefarious lease issues, unseated Rachel's Kitchen and made them move to DI.  Their location at DI is next to a smoke shop and I dont need that kind of second hand action.  I love that this location is so near my house.  I love everything from a tasty BBQ burger to the bacon muffins.  I am glad they are also opening in my secondary hood. . . Downtown.  So now I can eat a little healthy when I am enjoying the hacker space.
4	Tried the Trails location for the first time. Our visit was on Sunday for breakfast. The place was crowded with a few people ahead of us in line but it moved quickly. After ordering at the counter the food is delivered to your table. The refreshments are self serve so you can drink while waiting for the food. I guess the kitchen was backed up since the wait was longer then I expected. The nice background music and good coffee helped pass the time.Our food was delivered with a smile and was followed up to check on our satifaction The Breakfast Burrito was large and very tasty. The breakfast potatoes (cubed) were nice and hot and the portion was larger than necessary. We will be back to try the lunch menu. This is another great choice in the Summerlin Village and we look forward to supporting a local business that seems to be growing.
4	My co-worker bought me lunch and she got me a Cobb salad and she ordered a Chinease Chicken salad to go. Both salads were delicious! lot's of protein and veggies and very filling!
4	I enjoy that they have Gluten Free options. Not many restaurants do. Staff is friendly and food is good. A little  bit expensive for a cafe...
3	I went today for the first time with my I inlaws. They go regularly and love it. I thought the place was ok. The food was ok but nothing special in my opinion and the cost seemed a little high for what we got. I did like the outside patio though because we had my 17 month old with us. She doesn't like to sit still and would rather wander around. It wasn't too crowded so we were out there so the kiddo could walk around, enjoy herself, and not bother other patrons, and we could enjoy our lunch as well. I would probably go back with my inlaws, but it really isn't my first choice in the area.
5	Cafe is tucked into a nice corner of the shopping center. Really nice atmosphere and very clean. Staff is helpful and friendly and they do deliver your food to the table if you are eating in. I ordered the chicken Caesar wrap with fries. Food was very good. I can taste the quality in the ingredients. Chicken was very tasty and the dressing tasted homemade. Big wrap and good amount of food also. You get what you pay for. I would recommend this place and was very satisfied with my visit as being my first time here.
5	One of my favorites!!!  I love this place.  Take my word for it...I have scoured the Vegas area for a grease-free, all natural, and healthier restaurant to eat at, and rachels kitchen is at the top of my list!!  This food needs no further explaining, for it speaks for itself.
1	Ordered Cheeseburger with fries. Very dry could not see the cheese. 2 thin slices of tomato and a few pieces of lettuce, fries were undercooked and tasteless.Wife hadRachels chickensalad sandwich on cibatta bread. There was no chicken we couldFind in the sandwich had mostly grapes. First and last time. Wasted $20.00
1	First time and last, we are healthy eats and this food is absolutely bad.  Chicken salad sandwich and all it had on it was watery grapes no taste.  I don't mind the price but when I leave feeling they should have paid me to eat it that is not a good thing.  Will never go back.
3	I have had "healthy" food from the Bay Area and I might have to say that I may have a slightly distorted high-standard but a standard nonetheless. With regards to Rachel's Kitchen, I would say that their food is mediocre. It is pretty ordinary and slightly pricey for what you do get. The juice is watered down and not as full/rich as I am used to (or how it should be).The one thing that I would go back for (and have) is the Incredible Hulk shake. I am slightly lactose-intolerant so I appreciate when some food is dairy free. This one comes with silken tofu, peanut butter, honey, and banana and tastes like a PB and banana sandwich - THE BEST. Other than that, Rachel's is just meh to me.
5	Rachel's Kitchen is the perfect after work out place.   I can fill up on a smoothie or get re-energized with a fresh squeezed juice.   So happy I can get in and out easily from the gym.  Fav dish is the grilled chicken Caesar wrap with a Wilshire Smoothie.   Suggestion... Call ahead and your order will be ready and waiting
5	Great place! The man who greeted me was so patient and helpful. I got the turkey sandwich on the lighter side menu and he had them make it how I wanted it and answered all my questions. The food was really good and healthy and I look forward to going back and trying more.
3	I like the chopped salad and club sandwich.Not necessarily "healthy" but wholesome.The outdoor seating area is nice in the fall or a spring day.I throw this in to the mix for lunch once and a while, but only on days that I have more than 60 minutes available.
4	The 440 Sandwich with sweet potato fries is one of my favorite lunches. The salads are also great, and I can't wait to try the pasta dishes (and I will...one of these days).I really like this location because it seems quicker and less crowded than the one on Hualapai.
3	I have finally tried Rachel's Kitchen again, but at this location.  Usually I went to the Henderson location because I used to live near there, but now this location is literally down the street from my house.I went here with my mom and we were not too impressed.  The workers are ever so friendly and we took our time trying to order because my mom didn't know what to get.  But we ordered the Chicken Alfredo pasta, the tuna sandwich, and I believe I got the peanut butter and something smoothie.We received our order and my mom tasted her tuna sandwich and she hated it.  My chicken Alfredo was good and I liked it, I would definitely  order it again if I ever chose to come back here.However, what really gets me is the prices for the food.  I cant help think how expensive they are.  All three items cost me about $36! All i kept thinking was I could have gone to M buffet. LOL. With that being said, the place is nice, has a lot of space, and it has a cute out-door eating area.
4	nice patio
4	Rachel's Kitchen has been on my bookmark list for a while now and I finally visited it a couple of months ago (bad yelper....but better late than never).  My first thought upon entering the Trailwood/Summerlin location was "huh....clean space, nice colour scheme, but the decor was kind of sparse."  Less is usually more, but I thought that the walls could have used a *bit* more decorative love and/or larger wall art.  Service was friendly and the food, which is the most important thing, was very good.  I had the garden veggie burger and sweet potato fries and hubby had the Cobb salad.  We enjoyed our meals a lot and were happy with the freshness, quality of ingredients, and overall flavour.  Prices may seem a tad bit on the spendy side, but 1) Summerlin location = $$ and 2) quality ingredients cost a bit more than mediocre ingredients.I plan on coming back here to sample the baked goods and brunch items.  I'm glad that this location is so close to home!
3	Very tasty. I went for bring with some friends and had the breakfast burrito with bacon added. I can't usually eat a full burrito so I asked if they could only use two eggs, this was a great choice because it was still a big meal! Potatoes on the side were fluffy inside crispy outside. Great food, not the fastest service since it wasn't very full. I will definitely return here.
4	TIP: If you don't want to wait the 10 minutes it may take to prepare your food/drink, order online ahead of time.This Rachel's Kitchen is much bigger than the one on Hualapi (Spring Valley). My co-worker and I went there around 3:00pm so the place was pretty empty. I ordered my usual Sweet Greens and an oatmeal cookie, and my friend got the Peanut Butter Blast Smoothie. Man, his drink looked good, but I'm limiting my dairy intake. I decided on doing a juice fast every Tuesday, so I'll be back here once a week. I hope that sometime in the future, they will consider using dairy alternatives for their smoothies.
1	Skip this location at all costs. The Hualapai location has hands down better food and employees. The food at this location is always sub par, and the staff is ALWAYS very rude, short, and cold. I LOVE Rachel's Kitchen, but this location gives RK a bad rep!
3	A healthy Alternative, food is OK have some good selection of sustainable foods more of run of the mill kind of American Foods.
4	This was my first time here. It was very clean and had friendly service. We sat outside and the chairs and very comfortable with cute glass tile tables and a nice water feature. We had scrambled eggs with bacon. Eggs were a perfect consistency and the bacon was cooked perfectly. The potatoes that came on the side were hot and crispy. I would come back again.
5	I have visited this Location several times and I'm always happy with them! I love the freshness of their  food. I had the breakfast wrap and my friend had the breakfast burrito both served with yummy potatoes and they were both wonderful! I tried the acai berry smoothy and wow it was great fresh made. And you can add protein into any of the smoothies how great is that!  If your lucky enough to go there on a day they have tomato basil soup get it! It's the best!
3	I've been here plenty of times due to me going straight from school to work and this is the only place to get food in the compound. This is a good restaurant with very nice and friendly workers. The establishment is very clean and it's very relaxing. I usually get their Hawaiin smoothie and it is absolutely to die for. The reason I give it a three star is because the service isn't the fastest, which is understandable since it is made fresh, BUT still very slow considering whenever I go it's not busy at all. Also, I find it a bit overpriced for okay food that is a smaller portion. So far I've had the burgers and the sandwiches and their alfredo pasta, but I feel like I can just make that at home for half the price and for a bigger portion.It's whatever though, because I can get over that when I'm really hungry.
2	They advertise vegan but there's nothing that's vegan other than a bowl of lettuce. Forget about getting anything quickly even a  smoothie 20 minutes minimum... Really bummed...
1	Nasty!!!!!!! My wife WAS addicted to this place when it first opened but they are opening locations around town so fast that consistency is a major issue. The burgers here taste frozen and cooked too long. When I place an order online I still end up waiting 15 plus minutes for my food after arriving. Seriously, McDs tastes better. My last order was wrong and yet again... Burnt! I will say that the eating area is always clean but the food and service should be more on par.
1	What is the big hype about this restaurant? The food has no flavor, the atmosphere is boring and cold and the staff has NEVER gotten an order right. The only upside to a wrong order is they sometimes have a "no problem" attitude and fix it. Salads have too much dressing, pasta is over cooked. I so wish my kid didn't like it here. I'm done and next time she craves Rachel's, I'm not going.
4	I always seen this place when I went to 24 hour fitness next door so I decided to stop in & see what they had. I ordered a sweet greens juice it was really good! Especially to have sooo many greens in it, they balanced the taste perfectly! The mood was peaceful when I came in (around 9am), very clean & spacious. The employees could've been a little friendlier but I guess that's what you can expect at 9am lol? Anywho overall I was really happy with the experience & will be returning. The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars would have to be the prices they should definitely come down a little, other then that it was great!
5	Came here for the first time today and fell in love! I got the energizer juice and shared a salad with my friend and was delighted by both! Staff was so friendly it made the experience that much better. Can't wait to come back again
5	I love this place !!great service and food is always amazing :]]] I love stoping by right after work, it always hits the spot. Great for ordering lunch for the whole office.
3	We finally tried this place and I must say I was mostly disappointed. We ordered a sandwich, a burger and two smoothies for $30. I would pay $30 for lunch, but not here. The burger was bland and prepared well done when I had requested medium. On the positive side, the smoothies were outstanding. They tasted like fresh fruit. I would go back for the smoothies and to try the baked items, but definitely not for a meal.
5	first time today and what a surprise! ! they have live music. I ask one of the girls and she said is every Sunday.... Me and my wife we both had some soup perfect on these weather, next time I'll try one of the pastas..
4	Very likeable small chain that features fresh ingredients, delightful variety and stellar service. Have been here to drink coffee while watching a salad (with salmon substituted) enjoyed and devoured. Think of the new kinds of fare Starbucks is offering, now imagine a real kitchen making a lot of this happen --- plus a larger range of items. Breakfast is served all day, and people looked happy the couple times I showed up. Good place for parents of younger ones, or just people needing a quick bite that won't cost an arm and a leg. Yes, it's reasonably priced. While there is table service, per se, you do have servers bring your food, after ordering it from the counter. Tip at time of purchase, or as you leave. The bakery stuff looked great --- yogurt parfaits, muffins, cakes, et al. The first day I showed up, there were lemon poppyseed muffins that looked perfect. However, the next day, when I came back, they looked just OK. They were smaller and didn't look as big and vigorous. The server told me that they had a different chef today --- and I was glad to hear that at least there is some human touch to all this. She either took pity on me, or perhaps the smallish muffins themselves, and stuffed a second one in my bag, without me even knowing. Very sweet. I, um, should really go back to that tip jar and make an adjustment.Located in a mini strip with a Curves, a Nutrition Blast, a pet care store, Nail salon --- this place looks well-suited here. And the food is darn good, too.
1	"Best burger ever" said the person who hadn't eaten in a month. But seriously, this burger was horrible. It had a taste and consistency of meatloaf. The meat was either borderline sour, or it was the seasoning that looked funny. The bun was just over the edge on the left half of the bun(betcha didn't know that there is a left side and a right side to a bun). This after they took my $10.49, which included the $1.75 up charge for fruit, which consisted of 4 red grapes, 2 little pieces of pineapple, 6 pieces of honeydew and and 30 dice sized pieces of watermelon.  And to top it off, my plate sat in the order window for 7 minutes. So the burger was almost cold.I get people want to have a place that they can "rave" about, but this isn't it. I'm likely not their key demographic as that appears to be housewives and teenage women, oh and those that don't seem to get how rude it is to let their children run around screaming at the top of the lungs.
3	Love the food, hate the online ordering. They get the order wrong every single time. Be sure to check your to go order before leaving!
1	It has been 6 hours since I've eaten at Rachel's Kitchen and I've been feeling nauseous for the past two hours. I almost feel a little fever coming because I eat some messed up food from this place. The chicken in the wraps are not freshly cooked but precooked and served cold in the wrap. Mine was grilled and my date's chicken was breaded. WHAT??? Why isn't both of our wraps made with grilled chicken? Anyways, The meat was dry and probably over a day old and they probably didn't keep the food in a cold fridge to hold off bacteria because I'm starting to have symptoms of food poisoning.1. Make food fresh and to order.2. Don't think your customers are stupid enough not to know the difference between freshly prepared food and precooked.3. LEARN TO HANDLE TO FOODS IN THE KITCHEN SO PEOPLE DONT GET SICK.
1	Thoroughly disappointed in this place. My mom was sick so I decided to get her a FRESH salad and this place was close to my house. When I got there, their system was down, so I wasn't able to order for 10 minutes. On top of that, when it was fixed, the woman at the register didn't even bother to tell me. A guy had to come up to take my order. Poor customer service. I ordered the Signature Salad and it already was not worth it with the ridiculous prices, costing at about $8 for a simple salad. Some salads even sold for $12! Basically, they gave me a pre-packaged salad that made my mom throw up. Everything was old and soft and I came in there, looking for something fresh. I went back in, complaining, and they gave me a new complimentary salad. I appreciated that but this place is not worth the time or money. I will never be coming back here again. Ever.
3	Went here for the first time after hearing about it from some friends. The counter and entrance area are nice, but the tables and seats are awkward and uninviting. The space feels like someone turned a patio into a cafeteria. Regardless, my group decided to order our food to eat there. I started off breakfast with the Skin Cleanser juice which is Cucumbers, Carrots and Celery...but I substituted the Celery with Apples, because - well, I hate celery...and it was delicious! For breakfast I ordered the oatmeal, which was a giant bowl of oatmeal with some fruit and brown sugar on the side. It could have had a lot more fruit on it, but I wasn't disappointed. My friend ordered the breakfast burrito and my dad got The Favorite. The presentation was lacking. The dishes came out with a side of potatoes, and the main dish, and it looked like it was thrown on the plate cafeteria style. At least throw some fruit on there that's cut in a fancy way, or a flower, or something that makes the dish look pretty. Thank goodness, the taste of the food made up for the presentation. The goat cheese on The Favorite is addicting, and the breakfast burrito was awesome.Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be back to Rachel's kitchen, unless I'm ordering my food to-go.
4	Love it - but it is too expensive ! Ends up @ $20 per person for a salad or pasta you pick up yourself at a counter .. Lower your prices
2	There are a few people there who actually have a clue about what is going on and give a damn about people's time. The staff for the most part is dismissive and rude.  The girl with the face piercing especially. I think Gabriela is her name. There should be a line for call in orders.  I have never waited less10 min. The only reason I go there at all is bc of location but I'm done until something changes with the snooty staff.
1	I'm just not into this place anymore. I was so stoked when it was being built and even after it opened I was a weekly regular. With nearby options like Burger King and McDonald's, I was excited to have a place that would be different and have a variety of menu options. The online ordering is pretty much useless. I place my order online because it is supposed to be convenient yet I still end up most of the time waiting in my car and having to go inside and get my food only to find out it isn't even ready. I have no issues with going inside and ordering something and waiting for it, but when a place offers online ordering so that you don't have to do those things and cut down on wait time and can't get it right it becomes useless. Then when I finally get my food it is overcooked. This wasn't an issue when they first opened however maybe because they are expanding around town too fast consistency is an issue. This last time my Omelet was yet again crispy and brown (overcooked) and hubbys breakfast burrito tasted awful (we used to eat these a couple times a week) and the tortilla was hard and the pancakes had a burnt flavor. The potatoes that came with my breakfast were dry and clearly came from a frozen bag. A lot of people think this is a "healthy" only food establishment... Wrong! After too many failed attempts... I give up!
3	Food was very average and the inside wasn't very welcoming or cozy. Very cafeteria-esque. The food was a little over priced. But if I was really hungry and I needed something convenient I would go here again...
5	Rachel's kitchen over off trail wood is the best! The staff is my favorite and the food is absolutely amazing. I eat here at least every other day. They should create a salad and call it the Lindsey salad since I'm always changing things and adding to them. :) Great place always something different to try.  I could eat here for every meal. My choices are Caesar Salad with Grilled chick and the macaroni and cheese!
4	With Vegas full of corporate chains ie Mcdonalds, pizza hit, subway etc it was finally refreshing to find a place like Rachel's Kitchen. The menu is full of great healthy fresh options which are hard to find in Las Vegas. The service is always great but when it is a little busy it might take a little longer to get your meal. Any of the juice options can be a little strong if it's your first time trying them. I recommend this place if your looking for an healthy alternative to the regular places
5	We had a group of 25 women that had a get together here. We warned them ahead of time and they were completely prepared. Got confused a bit on where the orders went but that was to be expected. The service was faster than expected. The food was great as always.
4	Food was good and came out quick. The service was excellent. I had an issue with my order which was fixed immediately and my check was adjusted for it. The employee even came back over to check to make sure everything was ok
4	Food was pretty good. Nothing to really rave about but it was my first time so I would definitely go back and give it another chance. They had lots of options...burgers, sandwiches, wraps, salads, smoothies. Cute little place in a nice area of town :)
3	A little pricier than I'd like, but non meat options are often times far and few. Also, the alternative to the regular bun was just plain wheat toast. I ordered a grilled garden burger, which I thought was pretty good, but not particularly special.  The patty on this one looked like it had quinoa mixed with the other vegetables, which was cool, but I was sooo hungry, I felt like there was barely any patty! Cereallly, that patty is like so thin. Anyhow, the avocado added to the sandwich was an awesome idea! Avocados over everything. Every sandwich comes with a choice of salad, fries, or sweet potato fries.  I got the sweet potato fries, which were also good...as normal? They're pretty hard to mess up lol. But maybe I'm a hefty eater, I just thought the portions were small. Oh, I also purchased the Triple Berry Smoothie! (See?? So famished!) And I thought it was refreshing and not overly sweet. I also appreciate that they can omit the yogurt. All in all, decent lunch spot. Prices range from about $8 up (my 16oz smoothie was $6), and I thought that the portions could have been larger considering the price tag, but that's just me.  I will probably return as they are in the neighborhood of my usual whereabouts if I tire of the my regular go-to's.
2	Haven't really tried anything from this place but their fresh juices (which were great by the way) but my two stars coming from the service and price of this place. If you are in a hurry don't even consider going to this place because they will take at least 20 minutes for you to get a juice/smoothie. The workers there are very slow, even when i see my drink by the kitchen window, they still take more than 5 minutes to give it to you. Only reason why keep coming back to this place because its more convenient for me to buy than to make my own juice. Did i mention that this place is also a pricey? I got a regular oatmeal with strawberries and banana for $7! without the tax.
2	You walk in and immediately smell cheap burned oil from the grill. Thought it was just a whoops that first time in the morning but no.  Every time we've been there. Would never order something cooked on that grill. They make great smoothies and coffee. Have to go to the patio due to the smell. Very unexpected due to their "healthy" focus. Staff great.
1	What a disaster, not the food but the service. I would immediately fire the management. 50 minutes of hell waiting for food. Which never arrived. Asked for a refund. Will never go back. If you see a line leave as the management is a disorganized mess.
1	What a disappointment, this was our first and will be our last time eating here. To start the girl who rung us up was very rude. We got there about 11:30 and beat the lunch rush but still waited 30 minutes for our food to come out. I order the vegetarian sandwich on ciabatta bread, when it finally came out it was on soggy wheat bread and cold fries. Christian got the veggie burger which had avocado and lettuce and nothing else on it, he also got the sweet potato fries which were also cold and lacked flavor. Dont recommend,  save your money, go else where
5	I used to dine at the Hualapai location a lot but had an incident and never returned. I was a little skeptical to return to a Rachel's Kitchen again, but I am glad I did return! I was sitting outside at the Trails location and this lovely gentleman came and turned the heaters on for those that were dining outside without even being asked. I spoke to this gentleman and was surprised by his charismatic attitude. He went above and beyond with his service and made sure to share that if I was to need anything to just ask for D. Glad he gave me his name so that he can get credit for the wonderful work he does. It was nice being able to chat with him about home, Colorado, what a small world we live in. Anyway, the food was great, my juice (the energizer) was such a perfect concoction of veggies and fruit, and its great how fresh the meal was unlike other restaurants that do not even compare. All in all my experience was great and D had the most to do with it. Without service being up to par, a restaurant can not fully call themselves a restaurant. 5 stars to that!
4	I love Rachels Kitchen- but I do agree with quite a few reviewers that this might not be their best location (Hualapai4LIFE) in terms of consistency. Let's be honest though- a bad visit to Rachel's kitchen is still substantially better than just about anything else in a few mile radius. I have gotten good meals and bad here, but the good occurs more frequently. When some friends came in from out of town and wanted a close place for a good breakfast I told them Rachels. They went and saw the outside, thought it was a hippy place and drove away. This prompted a heated exchange in which I questioned their honor, family lineage, and level of impairment. After a civil discussion they agreed to try it the next day and low and behold they thought it was awesome. Point being get past your skepticism and give Rachel's a try.I have had a lot of things on the menu (I used to use a delivery service to get it for lunch pretty frequently) - so here are the highlights as I see themMac and Cheese- this isn't the Kid Mac at Outback (which coincidentally is also awesome) - its a more sophisticated "adult" (not in that way- get your mind out of the gutter this is a family show) dish- i.e. it has onions and mushrooms in it. I have downed probably 25 or more of these in my lifetime.Signature Pasta- this is pasta in a tomato sauce with chicken and a ton of vegetables in it- great for convincing yourself you are eating healthy when you may or may not be. Garden's Pasta- don't be fooled- despite having Garden in the name this is not a vegetarian dish, it has chicken in basically a carbonara esque pasta. 440 sandwhich- chicken and tasty tasty goat cheese (which is pretty strong)- not for the feint of heart.Grilled Cheese- pretty good, although I would suggest subtracting all vegetables as an "ultimate" grilled cheese should not need them/they aren't a cheese. i know this- I put the ill in grilled cheeseProtein Scramble(again, mind out of the gutter)- this is a pretty good breakfast- recommend a side of bacon... or fivePancakes- Not my favorite but certainly passable/better than most breakfast places pancakes.
5	I had Rachel's Kitchen cater an open house/brunch for close to 100 people last weekend. Let me tell you..Tony, the manager, was FANTASTIC in handling everything we needed. I met with him about 2 weeks before the event to select the menu. His recommendations for food, the quantity, and presentation was spot on!  I ordered both from the breakfast menu for my early arrivers and from the lunch menu for my guests that arrived later in the afternoon. Tony delivered the food in two shift to make sure that it arrived and stayed hot. The food was exceptional!!  We had eggs, potatoes , bacon, French Toast(amazingly good!), breakfast wraps, sandwiches, salads, pasta, fruit salads and desserts. He also included paper goods, napkins, and utensils!  My guests would not stop raving about the food!  I would highly recommend using Tony and Rachel's Kitchen for an event!
2	Shame on you Rachel's Kitchen for letting this location fail. Bad reviews all over the place you'd think you'd do something to fix it. 30 minute ticket time is AWFUL. Staff is rude. I've been here a handful of times because its a mile from my house, everytime I leave angry. This is a perfect example of why some restaurants shouldn't franchise.
3	Could be 5 stars but they need to fix a lot of things. I got a breakfast burrito which was a 'not bad' $5 burrito...too bad it cost $7.25. It was supposed to come with avocado in it...I only counted 3 little pieces :(I also asked if they had salsa, to which they responded "yes", but when I asked for it with my burrito I was told I had a choice of Tabasco or Tapatio's...hot sauce. That's not salsa :(Lastly, the music playing was awful! I don't understand how the workers didn't snap!
4	Thought I'd try something new after work. Decided on the turkey burger with sweet potato fries and was not disappointed. The meat was seasoned perfectly and the fries were delicious. I sat outside which was very relaxing, as the patio is a bit private with a small waterfall. I will be returning..
3	I've been to three locations and as far as service goes...their workers could use a shot of personality. They weren't rude, but not very welcoming either. At one location I ordered a smoothie that took a good 15 minutes. What's that about?  They get three stars because the food is always on point. I've tried their burgers, salads and smoothies. All have never disappointed me.
2	We ordered the mushroom burger w/sweet potato fries and off the light menu the veggie wrap w/salad. Also a side of onion rings. Our order was messed up, but that doesn't bother us as long as the food is good. Plus the guy that took our order was very apologetic and gave good service. I want to believe it is just this location that the food was disappointing. For the price, you would expect high quality food and it was the complete opposite. The $10 burger patty did not taste or look fresh (frozen patty??) and was a bit on the rough side (med.well, but it's ground beef!) and salty. The veggie wrap was more of a lettuce wrap because that is what I can taste the most of, even though it had other roasted veggies. The sweet potato fries were ok and the onion rings were good. The greens for the salad and burger also did not look fresh. Will not be going back to that location and will give Rachel's another chance at a different location. We've been to the Henderson location and that one was really good.
2	Food: AMAZING and it makes up for the horrible service. Cons: the service is horrible. The girls are so incredibly b*tchy it's ridiculous. If you hate your job, get another one. Sad. This place could be amazing.
2	As much as I loved the food , the service was just so awful that I have to rate this 2 stars. The food was absolutely amazing :) I came here with a friend on 6/17/14 at 2 o'clock. We ordered our food and the two people up front just looked so miserable and unhappy. They acted like they were so busy too. There were very few people in the restaurant.  My friend and I both got wraps. Hers came out really quick. One of the girls then asked if everything was fine and we noted that I just needed my food. She then came back out with a salad. The salad was for somebody else. After waiting another 15 minutes , my food finally came out. I literally waited 28 minutes for a wrap while my friend had hers out in less than 10. I then asked for a side of ranch and that took another 5 minutes.  I was so frustrated and hungry that I actually went up to the kitchen and had to ask for the ranch. It's like they forgot about my order completely ! They didn't apologize once for their mistakes. The food was great, I was extremely pleased. Hopefully,  they work on their service some more however.
4	Fresh, healthy and most important to me - made to order. I am willing to pay more for a freshly made meal or smoothie than a machine or microwaved one!! Great lunch place to have a business lunch or catch up with a friend.
1	I'm sitting here now rotting away. Waiting and waiting for an omelette and a salad to go. I'm the only customer here too. Not even another take out order. Every time I come here it just gets slower and slower. They've messed up my order during my past 2 visits here. Let's hope they at least get this one right. I hope the original founder of Rachel's, who built an amazing business in Summerlin, reads this. Get over to this location and crack the whip. The staff is slow and spend too much time chatting with one another. Oh, and the last time my order was messed up, I sent it back, and caught a nasty glare from a chef in the kitchen. Real welcoming and comforting. I just got to my office with the order and had to add...No wonder the order took so long, they were burning omelet. Dry and gross. This is my last time coming to this location.
3	3 stars for the food! Not the service! My food was yummy today! Got the pancakes with banana and I was pleased. Unfortunately, I will not come back to this location. I'm not sure why, but the hualapai and DI location is the only one that knows how to balance food quality and service. Been to this location three times now and service is just eww. I thought maybe my other visits were on "bad days"; however, I'm sure that's not the case. Slow food and staff here so don't be alarmed. I understand it takes time for the food to be prepared, but how long does it take to say "Hello! Thanks for coming to Rachel's kitchen...how can I help you [without a perturbed visage]" Not sure because I had to get the gals at the fronts attention...& I was never greeted or acknowledged, so someone let me know. I will go out of my way to hualapai and DI from now on.
1	This place is the worst!  The food is good but the staff there has a "I don't give a $%*# "attitude.  I waited 20 min for a salad and then when i got it - it was wrong.  I always have a wait there - even if i order and pay online.  When I called to let them know my order was wrong the young lady asked me "what do you want me to do about it." Not a damn thing...I was calling to let you know so perhaps....just perhaps you can tighten up quality control.  I am not going back there.
2	Most likely will not visit again. Overpriced for what you get. Slow service and cold food is unacceptable when there was one order before us.
5	Really good clean food with great customer service - I absolutely will be back here when in the area
2	Service was slow waited for my smoothie for like 20 minutes.My wife liked her smoothie I didn't like mine at all
3	The food is usually good and the menu has mostly healthy options so that's nice. For the type of food, I'm always surprised by how long the wait is. It's really like a 15-20 min wait for salads and sandwiches. I don't get it. Also, it's really expensive. I'm sure they use better quality ingredients so I can get past the price, but I know for me and my toddler to eat I'm in about $20. :( Lastly, the paint colors/decor is atrocious. I mean, who decided that peachy orange and avocado green should be the only two colors in the place??? And why only like one piece of art on the walls?? The tables are pretty if you pretend the walls don't clash with them. And I thought it was maybe just this one location, but they're all the same horrible color scheme. It actually really bothers me. Orange and green aren't appetizing colors. Not even a little. That's real- do some research- I'm not the only one with that reaction. Anyway, at least break it up with more things on the walls. It's really depressingly decorated. I guess that's enough about my hatred of the decor. The Chinese chicken salad is delicious and huge. The rest of the food is generally forgettable but not usually too bad. And I like the Hawaiian bliss smoothie. Ohhh! And one last thing that gets me: like I said, the Chinese chicken salad is delicious and huge IF you order it to stay! If you order it to go, of course, you pay the same amount, but you get a salad that is about half the size or smaller. It's really a big difference. I hate that. You've got to standardize things like that.
3	Please clean up the out side seating :) its still warm outside and i wanted a shaded place to sit but there was all this food and a water cup i personally cleaned up and the space inside gets crowded quickly.. expecially now that theres free wifi ! ;)
5	I have had Rachel's Kitchen twice and both times the food and service has been phenomenal. On both occasions I have used the online ordering which I love because it gives wonderful descriptions on every dish. When I got to the restaurant they had my food ready to go with no wait. I was helped by Ceanna who was great. She was very prompt, very polite, & made our experience very welcoming. I was very pleased with her excellent service. We got our food to-go and I must say it travels well. I ordered the Veggie Wrap and absolutely LOVE it! The vegetables were cooked to perfection and the eggplant and roasted red peppers are so yummy. Portion sizes are perfect; my meal was very filling and everything tasted very fresh. On my first visit I had the 440 sandwhich which is also VERY VERY delicious. I love that Rachel's has vegan and vegetarian options. They make it easy to eat healthy. I will return to this location. Thanks for being so great.
1	This is ridiculous! 20+ minutes waiting for a to go salad..... A SALAD!!!!!  There was only two orders ahead of me and I saw people behind me getting served first!
3	This place is simply okay. It's not great, but I'm not upset that I tried it. I considered giving it two stars, because they completely forgot to give me the smoothy I ordered. I had to go back and ask for it, and then still had to wait a while to get it. I was almost done eating my meal by the time I finally got the drink. I decided to settle on three stars, because the salad was pretty good and the restaurant was decorated nicely. The have a pretty wide selection which is nice, and the portions are fairly large. The pricing is a little high, especially considering there is no table service. The selections are all pretty standard, and I wouldn't say that there is anything special about Rachel's Kitchen. It's a very average restaurant with okay food.
4	Nice local place with healthy food options. I like sitting on back patio which has a zen fountain that creates a nice outdoor ambiance. Also a good alternative to the nearby competitor the "Egg works" restaurant which can have a solid waiting list, as it did this Sunday morning. I like the espresso bar at Rachel's as well.  I have ordered take out online without issues, everything ready and hot at scheduled pickup time.
2	When this place first opened it was great! I found myself coming back again and again for more. The lunch dishes and smoothies were great. As time went on food quality went down hill a bit. Last time I went for breakfast was terrible. Eggs were cold and potatoes were soggy. If anything I recommend their sandwiches or wraps. They are pretty good, priced a little high for what they are but not bad for a quick lunch on the go.
4	So today was my first time trying this place out, and I'm certain I'll be back.  I have a very sensitive intolerance to gluten ( I have celiac disease) so I have to be careful where I eat.  I am so glad they had gluten free options.  The one thing that really bummed me was that the sweet potato fries (that I love to devour) aren't cooked in separate oil from the breaded chicken, so they are contaminated and aren't gluten free. If they had separate fryers they would have a great addition to the gluten free menu.  But maybe one day they will and I can try them! But until then, I'll be happy with the sandwiches, burgers, pasta and calm, bright atmosphere (perfect for after yoga)!
2	Update: we just waited almost 55 minutes for a salad and pasta. Really? I called the order in ahead since I know they take forever. Called in at 12:18 and told them I'd be there in 20 mins. Got there after 25 mins and no food. Waited until 1:05 to go to the front and ask where my food was. The front girl was embarrassed and got us our food ASAP and gave us a free cookie (looked awesome but was rock hard). All in all, Rachel's just isn't worth the hassle or the expense- a salad, pasta, and 2 soft drinks was $28+. ...and almost an hour wait (got the food at 1:11). I just don't think I'll go back anymore.
2	Their food is overpriced and average at best. The service is also consistently slow.
