4	Grand Opening!!!Located at the Las Vegas Outlet Center right between Buffalo Wild Wings & Dunkin Donuts this place has finally opened. Yah!!!!I had been waiting for this place to open ever since I recieved their email newsletter telling me about this NEW Vegas location.I knew from checking out their website that it wasn't "smoked" bbq-they give instructions on how to bake them low & slow.So I had low expectations but it's BBQ it's NEW and that's really all it takes to get me in the door.The place was fairly busy with quite a large staff prepared to handle any rush. The mgmt was busy cleaning,greeting and making sure everyone was satisfied. Very friendly people.-The manager told me the lunch crowd was out the door & around the corner!!I was already starving having just got off of work so I went big and ordered a 3 meat plate with 2 sides & a roll. I got the beef brisket,pulled pork & pork ribs-$12 plus a Big Yellow Cup $2.The place smelled great so I was hoping the bbq would be as good and I was not at all disappointed.The meats were very tender & moist, fall-off the bone ribs and the sauce was sweet but had a little something to it I can't describe but it was pretty good. Kinda Caroilna-style.The baked potato casserole was an unusual yet delightful side and the mac n cheese was really mini shells & cheese and was nothing special it was NOT baked and kinda plain.Everyone in the place seemed to be enjoying themselves and the FREE ice cream was quite a hit, the BBQ was better than average, the sides ok, but the rolls were fantastic & it was super-FAST!They pride themselves on being a fast-food bbq stand. So for fast-food it totally rocks, for Vegas BBQ its better than average for a chain-store BBQ.Bring your kids in on Sundays to eat for FREE(12 & under)!!FREE ice cream all the time.Check it out!
4	So on my way back to Los Angeles, My friend and I were looking at a joint to Grubb, and after two well known places were packed, we ended up here.What a great choice, I tried their 3 meat plate (sweet pork ribs/brisket/spicy sausage) with Mac & Cheese and baked potato casserole, their side dishes were wonderful, their house roll was sweet and rich.Free Ice Cream (cone or cup)Try this place out and you will not be disappointed
3	Hot links were not hot and texture was "mushy". The pork ribs were large and had plenty of meat. The side dishes were good. If you buy a combo with 2 meats and a drink, it will cost you over $13. For that, you can eat at Memphis BBQ or Lucille's BBQ. Also, what's the deal with the plastic "souvenir" cup? That may have been souvenir material 30 years ago, but we are over the marvel of plastic cups now.
2	This ain't barbeque! School cafeteria food is what it resembles. wtf? Way, way overpriced. Potato salad that looks and tastes like baby food. If you grew up in America, this food will be a culture shock.Only upside: tourists will dig this place.
2	http://www.dickeys.com/bbq-cravin.aspxAnother Grand Opening!!I got an email saying they were giving awayy a 32" TV & $2.99 BBQ Sandwiches, so I bit.It was from 12-2 so I waited until 1:30 and the place was I packed after I ordered I had to wait for a seat to open up to be able to dine-in.I ordered 2 sandwiches To Go-Pork & Brisket.I also ordered a 3 meat platter-Pork Ribs(2),Beef Brisket & Pulled Pork plus 2 sides and a roll. I ordered mac n cheese & potato salad.The food came out fast & the staff was very attentive BUT....Disappoitning to say the least. The meat was cold, the food was altogether bland and mushy.The ribs were ok but bot good enough to justify $22!!This place is pricy and NOT my kind of BBQ. I like it with a little crunch and a little smoke flavor if they are claim claim to smoke it. BBQ sauce is sweet,watery and warmI will NOT be back.
3	Dickey's is traditional Texas barbecue. I had the pulled pork and beef brisket with baked beans and coleslaw. The barbecue sauces are not added and not cooked in. You need to add your own sauces to your own taste. People who say this food is too mild or tasteless are people who don't know how to season their own food. They slow cook the meat until it is perfect and still tender. You then add your own barbecue sauce, which you can dipper as much sauce as you want. They have Dickey's house sauce and a spicy sauce. They have a lot of free stuff. Gigantic dill pickles or jalapeno peppers in large jars, extra large souvenir cups for a self-serve drinks. There is a soft-serve vanilla ice cream dispenser for the customers to self-serve themselves with small cups or ice cream cones. Their biscuits are tasty too, and fresh-baked. This is only for people who like barbecue and can season their own. If you want the sauce added for you then go elsewhere.
2	I got the 3 meat plate (beef brisket, polish sausage and ribs) and I have to be honest it wasn't very good.  The brisket was good, sausage very boring and the ribs were below average.  No flavor.  The mac n cheese was like a creamy soup and they were small shells.  I got the waffle fries and they were lame.  Best thing I had was the biscuit they include with every meal (I guess).  Over all I would put this as the worst BBQ restaurant I have had in all of Vegas.  Its near K's BBQ which I used to drive all the way across town for.  Between these 2 restaurants you have a good representation of how you can F up BBQ.  Avoid this place.
4	I walked in with a Texan and he nearly flipped his shit. Doesn't that say it all?No? OK, moving on: a meal will run you about $7. The meats are smoked and tasty and come in a multitude of combinations (the pulled pork was my favorite) and instead of soaking the meat in sauce all day waiting for you, they pull it out of the smoke and cut it up and hand it over to you where you are able to dress it with one of 3 sauces. Also, there's a jar of pickles the size of your wrist on the counter, how good is that?My Texan was moaning and saying that it tasted just like it did back home, seriously, how can you argue with that?So pardon me if I don't tear this place to shreds for being imperfect; None of us are, after all. All I know is it was a really friggin' good lunch for a decent price and it put a smile on my friends face.Oh, and it's located right next to a Dunkin' Donuts! Im from MA and *THAT* put a smile on MY face ;)
3	Fast Food BBQ-They gave me a FREE Sandwich for my Birthday!(sign up for E-Club)This time around it was pretty damn good. Still no bark but good smoke flavor and tasty beef brisket.KIDS now eat FREE Sat & Sunday!! Always FREE Ice Cream and its pretty cheap. A-ok!
2	I really wanted to like this place because I love the idea of the restaurant concept.  Imagine actually finding delicious, fast barbecue?  Well, this isn't the place.The meat was actually pretty good, but the portions were ridiculously small.  I spent $13 and was still totally hungry afterwards.  I got the "beef brisket poorboy" with 2 sides and a drink.   The poorboy was about the size of a hotdog in a bun.  However, I thought The bbq sauce was good and you get free soft serve ice cream cones if you want.
2	Dickey's is a small but clean restaurant located in a strip mall next to the Factory Outlet Center.  You walk in, order your food and have a seat.  They will bring it to you if you are dining in or call your name when your takeout is ready to go.  They serve Texas BBQ with the traditional accompaniments: dill pickles, raw onion and jalapenos if you choose.  I find the brisket to be good.  It's very tender and juicy.  That's no small achievement with brisket.  One odd thing though.  I've been to Dickey's several times and never experienced the smoky flavor the other reviewers describe.  I'm not complaining because their meat is really good.  The outside of the meat is black, and you might think it is what BBQ fans call "bark".  Not so.  Even if you eat a small piece of it with nothing else, there is no smoky taste.You can help yourself to a small selection of BBQ sauces.  Their standard sauce is good.  It is not as sweet as typical Texas BBQ sauce.  It has a little sharper taste.The sides are ok.  I've had most of them and can't say they are particularly remarkable.  The do have fried okra which is a nice choice.The Great Mystery ContinuesAnother trip to Dickey's and still no smoke. It's bizarre. The sign on the wall says "Big Yellow Cup And Hickory Smoke". They have a smoker. And yet, the meat is not smoked. It's not bad, but why not smoke it? The brisket is more like roast beef that the fabled Texas BBQ brisket. I have no idea why this is the case.
3	If your looking for 'real home-style BBQ', go BBQ at home.But for strip mall Vegas style BBQ, Dickeys is alright. The ribs are decent and the sauce is worth a try. If your a rib snob, try the brisket. If your a brisket snob,  just eat a napkin as a sauce vehicle. I'm sayin' the sauce is pretty good. However, If managements goal is to attract less costumers to the restaurant, then they have succeeded thanks to recent changes in their menu. I used to get a rib plate and a drink / side for under 9 bucks. Now i get a rib plate, and 2 sides. With no drink for over 11 bucks. W?I just traded my drink for an extra side, for an additional 3 bucks. Do the math. But it doesn't take a Mathematician to know that sitting in that place for 30 minutes listening to pop-country, isn't worth the best BBQ in the world for free. Another thing that bugs me is the plastic yellow cups. They encourage costumers to take these home, but look inside the trash bin on the way out. Filled with plastic cups. Waste of money.Aside from this, the place is clean and service is prompt. Also, It is in every restaurant owners best interest to install a self serve ice cream machine. Good call here. Its a great gimmick and it works. Advice to stay alive: Hire a business major, kill the PA noise (silence is the savior) and spend less on high-grade plastic cups, charge less for low-grade BBQ. Thx
2	My friend and I were on our way to the infamous Studio B Buffet at the M Resort when we realized that we only had an hour to eat. I had a plane to catch at 3pm today and I was debating if I should miss my flight so I can enjoy my meal at Studio B. Alas, we knew it was impossible. In the end, we came upon a strip mall and decided to eat fast food. It was a choice between Dickey's and Buffalo Wild Wings. Instantaneously, we chose Dickey's, only because we just had Buffalo Wild Wings recently.Walking into Dicky's, we realized that we probably picked the right choice because it was super packed!This was another casual restaurant. The first thing I did was get in line. While in line, I checked out the big blown out menu. There were a lot to choose from.  I ended up with the Big BBQ Sandwich combo with 2 sides ($7). Now, my order didn't end there. I now gotta order the type of meat. There were a lot of meats to choose from and I ended up with the beef brisket. As for the sides, I added waffle fries and fried onions. I also added a side of fried okra to my order. The total bill came out to be $9.19 ($1.50 for the third side, plus tax).The condiments were at the self serve station. At the station, you can get unlimited dill pickles and BBQ sauces. There were 3 kinds of sauces:1. Dicky's special sauce2. Sweet BBQ sauce3. Spicy BBQ sauceOverall, the sauces pretty much taste the same. The only difference was the flavor of the sauce being more bold, spicy, or sweet.The brisket itself was ok. It was lacking flavor and it wasn't tender. The sides definitely made up for this. Overall my experience here was ok. I came to the conclusion that the reason why this place was packed was because the patrons were just like me: we couldn't make it in time for the buffet at M Resort!Tip: The Big BBQ Sandwich itself costs $5, BUT on Mondays, it is only $1 !!!!
2	I may have caught them on a bad day but... Overall, I have to say this place gets a tentative thumbs down from me. The food itself is decent. Nothing spectacular, but somewhat tasty (I did enjoy their fried okra).The problem I have is their service. I think it stems from the fact that they only have ONE cash register to take orders. The person behind that register was extremely slow. In addition, I didn't even get one of the side dishes I ordered! I didn't realize until I got back to work (I took it to go). Fortunately, the place is on my way home, so I stopped by again. They did give me my side dish and I ordered an extra pulled pork sandwich; it had no BBQ sauce on it!So for me, that's three strikes. They are kind of minor, but enough for me to leave with a figurative bad taste in my mouth.
4	These folks make barbecue that is far better than any found in Los Angeles. However it isn't like having barbecue in Texas. The meat was nice, and the sauce was pretty good. I had the spicy sauce and was quite impressed. The place is obviously a fast food type of place, but you have to give them credit for making pretty decent barbecue.
2	I travel all over in my job and as often as I can I try the BBQ.  I had the opportunity to try this restaurant.  I passed by it three days before deciding  to give it a try, it appeared to be a small hole in the wall place.  Sometimes they are the best.  As it turned out this is a chain.  I tryed to order a slab of ribs, which was a waste of item the order taker kept saying we don't sell them by the slab we sell them by the pound.  asked for two pounds and guess what I got a slab, what a surprise. On to the ribs, they were very tough and chewy.  They needed to spend at the very least two or three hours more in the smoker.  The sauces were tasty but you cannot make up for bad meat.  They also have a large pickle jar loaded with dill pickles, another mistake they were soft and warm.  I may give dickeys another chance but not at this restaurant.  I expect to be in San Jose in July and I understand they are opening a place there.  If I go I will write a followup.
1	No beef ribs? Forget it, this ain't a Q place.Where are the guys chopping hickory? How do they actually smoke anything?$$$ to high for a hole in the wall prefab Q place.(Sort of an update) My wife said the above was unfair if I had not even tried the food so she brought me some to make an informed opinion. So here it is:The brisket was dry and the smoke taste was I think injected, I could not locate a smoke ring. The ribs were drown in sauce and for good reason, the hog was overcooked, sad. The sides were nothing to cheer about, I have had better beans and slaw from Walmart, and that is truly sad. The original single star is exactly the same after eating the food. I may have made some assumptions based on what i saw when I walked in the first time, but I seem to have been right. Still looking for great Q in Vegas. (There is good Q, but still looking for great Q.)
3	The wife and I like to eat at Dickey's BBQ every time we come to Vegas.  For the price and the amount of food you get, you really can't beat it.  Are there better BBQ place, yes, but you definitely will have to pay a lot more.  I would say they need to improve their side items.
3	One must rate a place fairly.  This is a fast food BBQ.  Its not going to taste amazing, Its mass produced fast food after all.  The sauce is alright.  The meats tend to be a bit dry, but the sauce helps.  For fast food, this place is pretty expensive.  $11 for a sandwich, 2 sides, and a soda.  Waffle fries are pretty good.  The soda cups are made of a pretty thick plastic; I take them home and reuse them.
4	Maybe it was the hangover or the lack of sleep but I thoroughly enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich here.  Dare I say....the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had??  The big slice of raw onion really was money on the sandwich.   Mondays are an awesome deal.  For $5 you get a pulled pork sandwich, 1 side dish and a large drink. They claim they cook the pork for 12 hours overnight on premises and it sure did taste like it to me.
3	I have given this place a second-chance.I rate this restaurant 3 stars (A-OK) because of consistency of quality and consistency of delivery and appropriate price.It isn't so bad if you do NOT have high expectations of a barbecue place. Plus, any place that lifts a finger to serve Fried Okra is A-OK in my book!Footnote: Pickles in a 5-gallon barrel, self-serve fountain drinks and barbecue sauce, and (hilariously) self-serve soft-serve ice creamsortofstuff. A-OK.
3	I went here today for lunch and I was very excited b/c it smelled so good as soon as you walked in. I ordered the $7 sandwich that comes with 2 kinds of meat and I added the 2 sides to make it a combo. I went with chopped bbq and spicy sausage. OMG the sausage was delish! but the chopped bbq got cold quick..that or it was already cold - and kind of dry. I'm from West TX and brisket shouldnt be dry if prepared correctly and cooked to perfection. I wouldnt order the brisket again but i'd def. order the sausage again. My sides  fried okra and bbq beans. Both were very good. and to top it off they have ice cream as you leave.. oh and someone mentioned banana pudding... mmmm what? and pecan pie.. ooh walk away..walk away.  . slowly out of the restaurant b4 you order something so deliciously sinful. And I did.. and decided to go to the outlet mall right behind the restaurant. I walked for 3 hrs hoping to make a dent in my caloric intake of delicious lunch. I'd def. try this place. oh sides were addl $2.00.  nOTE: the nicest workers there.. the guy taht took our plates away was so sweet and genuinely nice.. i was w/ my bf so his niceness was genuine!.
3	Decent place with decent food...noticed that they had a "B" from the health inspector but it was after we had already ordered and paid, otherwise we would not have stayed. Used a coupon for a buy one get one from the entertainment book so that saved a few bucks. Ordered the two meat plate, the brisket was decent but had a fair amount of fat on it, the virginia ham was also okay but not great, the green beans were good and the potato salad had a different taste and texture to it...sweet tea was good and they give you a big yellow cup to take with you for only $2. They also have the free ice cream, cones and cups, as well as the pickle jar and two different sauces to choose from...the salad was also pretty good. As this place is far from the area where we live we may not end up going there again, unless we are on that side of town for a reason, not to go specifically to the restaurant....
4	Since the closure of RUB, I have been on a quest to find good BBQ in vegas.So far Dickey's is top of the list. I worked down the street, and had lunch quite a few times here.The BBQ is good and it's served pretty fast. The menu is rather limited, but the few things they do, they do well.Plus they have a 5 gallon vat of pickles, and I am a pickle freak, and they have free ice cream bye the door on your way out.They usually run some good specials, so keep an eye out and you can score a sandwich for under a buck.In a town with limited bbq, Dickey's works when I need my brisket or pulled pork fix, it's not the world's greatest but amongst the best in vegas (which isn't really saying much)
4	Love to try new places.  So here I am in Vegas staying with friends. Wanted to try something that I can't get back home. Since we have kids to feed plus multiple adults, my friend suggested this place. It is good. And for the very reasonable prices, worth it. We had the family pack with 2 meats (1lb each), 3 sides & 6 rolls for $30. We decided on pulled pork & chopped tri tip. They were both seasoned and smoked very well. It was a little dry for my taste (I like rare) but with the sauce (mild, med or spicy) it was fine. The sides we chose were BBQ beans, green beans w/bacon, & onion strings. The bbq beans were just right (not too sweet) and the bean w/bacon were really good. The onion strings were lightly battered and seasoned just right. Oh, there is a big barrel of very good pickles & free ice cream.  It is not the best BBQ but they are up there based on taste, quality and price.
5	For fast food or take out the best of it's kind. Obviously not your Uncle Bill's chuck wagon with the family secret sauce, but reviewing it for what it is quick and easy it is amazing . Always my last minute go to for picnics or busy nights. The speciality baked stuffed potatoes are great.
3	This place was OK, I gave them 3 stars because the service was a little slow and the food was luke warm. Other than that, FREE ICE CREAM!
4	I was lured into this store through the succulent aroma from their smokin' BBQ! I'm not a huge BBQ fan but I do appreciate good BBQ when I crave for it. It was hard to decide what to order for the first time since they had so many tasty sounding dishes. Well, I decided to try a little bit of whatever I was feeling and save the left overs for later. Meat Orders:Sliced Beef Brisket: Wowsers! Meat just rips apart with no effort, mild but evident smokey beefy flavor.. Just smother their bbq sauce and enjoy!Pulled Pork: A mound of thinly shredded pork, doesn't explode with flavor but has a good sublte porky taste to itPolish Sausage: Plain ol' sausage goodness. comes sliced and doesn't need any sauce to accompany itSide Orders:Green Beans with Bacon: When I saw Bacon I was sold! Goes great with the green beansBaked Potato Casserole: Its like a Baked potato thats been mashed. Goes hand in hand with any of the meats mentioned aboveMacaroni & Cheese: simply a southern comfort side you can't go wrong with* Their Deli Style PIckles bathed in their jumbo jar aren't bad and their Bread/Dinner Rolls are so buttery, a must have!I like their original bbq sauce but their spicy wasn't bad either. I Defiinitely recommend all of the above mentioned but most of all their Sliced Beef Brisket.. MMMMMMmmmMMMMM!!
4	Stopped here on the way to the airport - just looking for a place with good food to run in and out of quickly. Dickey's complied to our needs.For $7 they offer a double meat sandwich with two sides. I ordered pulled pork (one can order two different meats however). I was expecting a little more meat on a double meat sandwich - glad I didn't order a "single meat" sandwich. The pork was quite good though as were the waffle fries and cole slaw sides. Free drink refills choice of 3 different sauces.Glad I stopped in here - I'll keep it in mind for future airport runs and whenever I'm looking for a decent BBQ sandwich in Las Vegas.
1	Don't bother, unless you are like most vegas folks and enjoy imitation bar b q. The food is dry, and obviously not smoked. Vegas is in desperate need of authentic Q !!!!!
3	The Husband is all about some good barbecue and first heard of Dickeys during a recent visit to Reno.  When I mentioned that there was a location in Vegas, he was all over it.One of the bigger pluses on our visit was that I had an Entertainment Book coupon for BOGO free!  Score!We both decided on the 2 Meat Plate to maximize on the coupon and the variety of food to try.* The 2 Meat Plate ($10): Signature Chopped Beef Brisket and Sliced Beef Brisket, Waffle Iron Fries, Mac N Cheese - Although it's their signature chopped brisket, the Husband preferred the sliced one more.  The waffle iron fries could be seasoned too.  The mac n cheese was very creamy though.* The 2 Meat Plate ($10): Spicy Hot Links and Fall Off the Bone Pork Ribs, Fried Onion Tanglers, Baked Potato Casserole - The spicy hot links weren't all that spicy or impressive, sadly enough.  And the pork ribs were just okay.  We were expecting something different from the baked potato casserole when all it ended up being was mashed potatoes with some fixings.  The onion tanglers were just limp onion rings and were only okay as well.Both orders came with a bread roll and you can help yourself to dill pickle slices and barbecue sauce.They also offer Sweet Tea in their signature plastic yellow cups that you can take home.Ultimately, it sounded like a lot more food but in reality, it wasn't all that much.  Overall, it was just an okay experience with only okay food.  On the particular day we went, there was a line going out the door because of a promotion they were offering.  Other than that, we probably won't be back.  It just didn't live up to the barbecue hype we were expecting.
2	The Yelp review I was going to write when I left the store lost a full star by the time I got home, for one simple reason:Dickey's can not get an order right to save their effing lives.Every time I've had takeout from there, something has always been missing. Sometimes it's something small, like the onion and pickle that are supposed to come with every platter but only show up about half the time. Sometimes it's something medium and annoying like a missing side. Sometimes it's something mission-critical, like the bacon on a baked potato. They did, however, make sure to include BBQ sauce! With my baked potato, so the bag had a smoked meat aroma that taunted me in the absence of the missing bacon. #failIt's a shame too, because the food here is actually decent. At $4, those giant stuffed baked potatoes are a great deal. Their BBQ isn't the best I've ever had, but it's certainly good for a quick-service counter joint, and I'd sooner eat here than the flavorless Famous Dave's and the stupefyingly overrated Memphis Championship BBQ. And they get bonus points for serving smoked turkey year-round.Other good meats include the pulled pork and the hot link. The best sides here are the waffle fries, cole slaw, potato salad and baked potato casserole. The sweet tea is as it should be, and they offer complimentary pickles and soft-serve ice cream, which is a nice value-added touch.The BBQ sauce is perfectly acceptable but nothing special. They have sweet and hot variants for a little spice of life. I prefer the hot, although I don't think it even has the slightest bit of heat to it.Bottom line on this place? Decent BBQ, especially for the price, but be sure to audit your order, because the only thing you can depend on with their service is its complete lack of dependability.
3	I think after my experiences here, three stars is about as good as it gets for this place.I've been to Dickey's quite a few times and while the lure of soft serve (and self serve) ice cream is interesting at best, the BBQ is decent.  I'm not saying it's the best I've ever had, or that the service is fast and attentive.  What I AM saying is that if you like BBQ it's a place to try.  It's not usually packed (even though it's not a really big place) but it somehow runs out of food on occasion.  I've been by Dickey's to get some ribs and the ribs are on the "Sorry we're out of..."-sign.  How does this happen??  I guess perhaps I'm spoiled by Vegas being a 24 hour city and I expected too much.  I guess BBQ places in other cities run out of product occasionally...perhaps.
4	It took me 2 years but I finally found it...A proper pulled pork sandwich.I really wanted to give Dickey's 4.5 stars and round to 5, but I couldn't.It's honestly a 3.5 that I rounded to a 4 (but a solid 3 in the south).Don't let the shopping center location and chain restaurant appearance fool you. This place is the real deal...For certain items. But...they just try to go in too many directions. They want to try to compete in all these genres of BBQ, and as anyone who is a die-hard BBQ fanatic knows, you just can't combine it all under one roof without compromising each item.The prices are in line with the quality and certainly the quantity.A Sandwich plate with side, and drink averages about $7A combo plate with 2 meats, 2 sides, and dinner roll is about $10Unless you are going to chug down a 32 oz tea while you dine in then take another with you don't bother with the BIG Yellow Cup. It's a $2 upcharge.5 Stars for: Pulled pork, Sweet Tea, Okra, Baked potato casserole, Loaded Baked potato stuffed with pulled pork, and FREE soft serve ice cream cones. 4 Stars for:Brisket-Not the best i've ever had, but Damn Good for the price.Sauce-3 types: regular, hot, sweet) I mix them together and it finds a decent balance depending on the meat. The pork sandwich really needs a savory, spicy vinegar based sauce, but this thicker sweeter sauce still has a little brine to the flavor so it works ok.Having Waffle friesSuper friendly service3 Stars for:The sausages (They are now advertising that they have trippled the cheddar in the spicy cheddar sausage...so i guess pretty soon they will just have spicy grilled cheddar?) & Almost everything else on the menu.Friendly...but sometimes forgetful service. (There is no waiter service but there's small order mistakes about 25% of the time.2 Stars for:The Ribs...& How the HELL do you mess up Mac N Cheese.My recommended order:  2 meat plate with brisket and chopped pork (add a bun on the side) sides of Okra and Fries; and The pork stuffed baked potato. (If you are from Memphis, the coleslaw is decent, and works well enough for a Memphis style sandwich.)
2	2 stars is high for a biased Texan. It will do in a pinch, might be the best around, and reminds me of home down to the Imperial Sugar.The facility is clean & well run.
4	I love Ribs when the meat just falls off of the bone when you bite into it. That's exactly what these did. Their sauce is just right and is tangy and sweet just as it should be. I didnt enjoy the mac & cheese as much but I wasn't there for the mac & cheese anyways. I saw everyone had ordered the baked potato casserole as a side and it looks delicious! I've tasted the okra, the fried onions, & the BBQ beans and those were all great sides, totally recommend.At the drinking area they have a big jar of pickles & you are more than welcome to take as many pickles as you want out of the jar for yourself. The pickles aren't too salty either, they have a great crunch and are so fresh. They also have three sauces  beside the jar of pickles that you could choose to bring back with you for your dipping pleasure. They are all great, but I prefer the original. Right next to the exit they have free ice cream, it's French Vanilla and they have ice cream cones or cups you could put it in. Very cool place, I loved my experience!
3	Its BBQ fast food, not the best, but not the worst either. If your wanting a switch from burgers & fries its a good change, plus kids under 12 eat free on Sat/Sun. The soft serve frozen uh, ice milk translucent looking stuff was kind of scary, but my 2 year old enjoyed it. The yellow take home cups were cool though.
4	Great BBQ fast food!  The food was VERY filling and tasty and the prices were great!  This will be going on our MUST EAT list whenever we visit Vegas again!
5	Let me start off by saying how thankful I am to have found a little oasis of Texas comfort food here in Vegas.  I've been missing my Texas staples like Tex-Mex and real, authentic BBQ.  I got to Dickey's about 20 minutes before closing, so they were out of a lot of stuff, but the service was amazing.  The host / assistant manager was extremely friendly, offered suggestions and samples of a few of the sides, and went out of his way to make up for the fact that he was out of a few things that I really wanted.  The food - amazing.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  The potato salad was creamy and dilly - just like my mom's.  The mac & cheese was perfect.  The BBQ was nothing less than I would expect from a bona-fide Texas BBQ pit.  If you are hungry for BBQ and happen to be in Vegas, then go to the experts, and in Vegas, that's Dicky's.
4	Dana and I stumbled into this barbecue joint today and it was actually pretty decent. I've found it next to impossible to find any excellent barbecue in Vegas since Lil' Joe Orduna's Texas BBQ closed years ago, and while this place doesn't even come close to Orduna's, it does an alright job of BBQ at a cheap price.There was hardly anybody in the restaurant, so we were able to make our order pretty quick with a friendly server at the counter. We had the 2-meat plate with Chopped Beef Brisket and Pulled Pork. For our two sides, we ordered the Waffle Fries and the Mac N'Cheese. It came out as $10.80, which wasn't too bad since the meal filled up the both of us.We were pretty pleased with the meal overall, though the Pulled Pork was definently better than the Beef Brisket...and the Mac N'Cheese was pretty bad. TOO much cheese with really soggy noodles. Next time, I think we're going to opt for a double order of the waffle fries or maybe some extra tasty rolls :)We didn't try any of the free soft-serve ice cream on the way out, but we'll be sure to try it next time we swing through Dickey's :)
5	Amazing BBQ ribs, meat, salads, fries. Very inexpensive and very good. Free ice cream :)Awesome spot to go to when visiting Las Vegas.
4	I discoved this place at Bite of Las Vegas a couple of years ago and lets just say after trying the pulled pork at Bite I went to the store 3 times in the next 2 weeks.  If you love bbq but don't want to spend a lot this is the place for you.  The pulled pork is insanely delicious especially when you put their coleslaw on top. The ribs are tender and fall off the bone like they should.  The chicken is juicy and has an amazing smoky flavor to it. The ham was even a treat. The only meat I wasn't so impressed with was the brisket, it was a little dry for my taste but with enough sauce its okay. I haven't tried the sausage yet.  The sides they offer are a good range for everyone to find something they like. I adore the coleslaw, the baked potato casserole is yummy and filling, the waffle fries are crispy and even good cold, the green beans have onion and bacon in them-can't go wrong there, the ceasar salad is always crisp and fresh, the mac and cheese is creamy and sooo cheesy and the onion tanglers go great on a sandwich smothered in one of their 3 sauces. I tried the pork and tangler tater and wasn't so sure about it but the flavors came together wonderfully. I'm still trying to get through the whole menu. Oh, and don't forget the free "ice cream" on your way out, its soothing after stuffing your gut.
4	Delicious food, great selection of meats and sides and even free ice cream and pickles.  I love that they offer every kind of meat..pulled pork, brisket 2 ways, chicken, ham, turkey and sausage and that the sides are a good size for the money and they have a good selection of sides so no matter what you are in the mood for this is the place!!
3	My brother suggested this place because its one of his favorites. The free ice cream & pickles were delicious, I was NOT impressed with the BBQ.  It's was very greasy & the sauce was mediocre. They have 3 types: original, spicy & sweet. Unfortunately they all tasted the same and all I could taste was ketchup and a hint of spice. The mashed potatoes were awesome I do recommend them as a side. I would only eat here again if someone else was paying.
2	Having been a fan, and this a weekly habit - particularly when the Batali farmers market was just over the bridge, it pains me to say that Dickey's has become a sad caricature of itself...dry, tasteless, bbq, stale bread, bad sides... ugh.  The best part of going is getting their perfect ice in a giant yellow cup to make a DIY muddy water with their freshly brewed tea.  I used to love the pork.  no more.  I thought the turkey worthy of the trip; not any longer.   The stuff they pass of as free ice cream?  bad icemilk on a good day.Service?  no.  Sticky tables?  yes.  I've pretty much given up on the idea of finding good genuine bbq in town.  I'd even settle for genuine, imitation, real pit bbq... (an inside joke for my dearly departed mother...)
2	My boyfriend really liked it but I got a bit of ingestion.
3	Not a bad place to go for the great American epicurean feast of SMOKED meats...I have used this place for both single meals, family meals and even catering for business meetings.1.  Parking - Strip mall parking, it is what it is. 2.  Ambiance - Nice sized restaurant, about 21 tables approximately, so usually it can accomodate most busy days.3.  Food - Very nice overall. The pork ribs, pulled pork, the sausages are awesome. The chicken is nice too.  The sliced beef brisket is very dry, however, I have not had the "texas" style chopped brisket which they claim is "juicy".  That I will try next.  My kids like the kids menu, the mac and cheese and all the sauces.  Next time, I am trying the ham, the cheese sausage and turkey. I will be back as it is a good priced deal overall.4.  Prices - I find it overall that the prices are reasonable. Besides all the meal deals and combo's, you are paying roughly 12.00 per pound for the meat, any meat and if you have a large family, the 42.00 XL Combo deal includes 3 lbs of meat, 3 sides, bbq sauce 8 rolls and that is reasonable.  This can feed a lot of people and at least 5 adults.  Be careful though, as if you all order a drink, they do charge 2.00 and that is an additional 10.00. A good deal is that at the exit, they have a soft ice cream maker and you can get a free dessert. That is a good deal.5.  Service - Interesting. I find some of the cashiers are very friendly and knowledgeable. Some of the servers that deliver your order to your table are also very friendly and hard working. I find that the cooks or food prep people, and even the managers are not as efficient as the cashier or server. I spent 100.00 there in past two days for two group lunches and on the second day, it was take out and I ask for a serving tong, and the manager did not even look at me, but told the cashier "Well yeah we have them but he has to pay 1.00."  Why not address me when I am 5 feet away and instead marginalize me by telling the cashier who is right next to me?  Then the cooks had to be reminded by me that they left out the rolls, the extra pound of meat I ordered. Do you think that they were apologizing or service friendly?  Nah. I am concerned as this was a take out order and if I left without checking , it would have been an issue.Overall, the food is about a 3.5 to 4, and the service from the top, their manager and cook, is about a 2. And, by the way, I actually called used them three months ago, called in an order for a meeting while I was on vacation in Hawaii for a business meeting coming up and you know what, the manager told me to call back when they were less busy.  For sure i will be back, I just have to be careful to manage what I order to ensure that I am satisfied, since the management here is a bit challenged.GK Says, it is smoking, check this place out.
2	I went here with a few coworkers and splitted the XL family meal, costing about $9 a person with a drink, 6 people total.  A few of us left full and satisfied. I just left full from eating  a bunch of bread, sides, and soda, not enough bbq to go around equally to get full. I would not suggest splitting the XL family with 6 guys even though it says it serves 6-8. It's an ok place to eat. I mean we got quick and friendly service, free pickles and ice cream. But the food wasn't as good as I hoped. I love bbq and have been use to hefty portions when it comes to eating them.  I ate one tiny rib and some chopped brisket and turkey a kids meal portion.  As for taste it was all wrong like eating at a bad buffet. Nothing wrong with eating bbq from a grocery store like albertson or smiths but even those were better than what I ate.I probably wouldn't be back to get my bbq fix on but I'll stop by for a free ice cream cone and maybe sandwich .
2	Ehhhh. Ordered the 2 meat plate. Texas Brisket and Spicy Cheddar Links, Waffle Iron Fries and Mac N Cheese. The whole plate was cold the first time so I asked if they could warm it up and the remade it. The fries were just OK and they were the only good part. The texas brisket was just a pile of mushy fat and the links were gross and inedible. The mac n cheese was from a Kraft box for sure. Only reason for the 2 stars was the big drink and free ice cream. $25 for 2 people at a fast food BBQ place is a little bit too much. I'd go to Famous Dave's anytime over this establishment.
4	Dickey's is a pretty delicious barbecue joint for the price you pay. It's cheap, and there's free ice cream and pickles. The Westerner is a classic barbecue sandwich that's hard to pass up. Not going to lie, the people who work here are sort of sketchy, but they're friendly enough for the price you're paying. I'm definitely going to be back. In terms of quick tips, the pulled pork and beef brisket are delicious. So is the mac and cheese. If you are off the strip, maybe even if you are staying at the Mandalay Bay or other hotels at the South End, don't pass this up.
3	This is a good place to go with the family. The food is good and fresh. The staff is nice and helpful. As long as you eat in the restaurant, it's good. I don't recommend taking it home. It can get cold and isn't nearly as good. This is one of my wife favorite places. This isn't the best BBQ place in town, but it's pretty good considering it's a chain.
3	Came here again with some co-workers. Lesson learned from the last time we were here, no more splitting family meals with a bunch of hungry adults. I think this time we all got our own meals. Two meat meal was my choice no sharing. Texas style brisket was good but probably should have done the sliced brisket, looked bigger and not chopped up. The turkey was juicy and good too. There was ice cream.They were fast with bringing out our food. Don't mess with hungry peoples food. But still pricey didn't have any lunch special prices.
4	Great place for a quick bite. Nothing fancy, but the BBQ is really good. I don't recommend the sausage however, a bit too greasy without much flavor. Staff has always been friendly while we were there, so I wouldn't be hesitant to ask for advise. The texas BBQ beef tip has become my favorite. The rolls are fresh and super soft and if you're an okra fan (like my partner, not me) I'm told its excellent. We spend about $10 ea when we go. Recommended
3	Pretty good, nothing really special. Good bread would have made a huge improvement in the sandwiches, because the flavor of the meat was quite good. But it takes bread to make a sandwich, and this bread was mediocre. With a little focus on the bread and this would be a four instead of a three.Good value, good service, and pretty good food. Too bad, it could be so much better so easily.
1	I had the 2 meat plate.  I had "pulled pork" and "turkey".  For sides I had laoded potatoes and macaroni and cheese.  The meats tasted the same, and it wasn't a good taste. The sides weren't hot and nothing special.  Guy who worked there wasn't personable at all.  Never going back, and wouldn't tell a friend.
3	A good friend of mine took me to Dickey's yesterday, to have a birthday lunch.  I have not been to Dickey's before, however, I've had many of BBQ, including southern BBQ, so I knew going into this, that I was going to compare.When we walked in, we noticed a long line of people which meant a very promising meal.  To the left is a big menu for you to decide and the to the right are tables, about 20 of them.  The wait to order was very long.  We spent about 15 minutes in line before we got the opportunity to order our food.  Here's what I got:2 choices of meat and 2 sides for about $10.  After we ordered, the food came super fast!  I got the Texas Style chopped beef brisket and pulled pork with the fried okra and the dill potato salad.  The pulled pork was delicious and nicely smoked.  The brisket was nicely marbleized, but didn't have as much of a smokey flavor as the pork did.  The okra was crunchy and super good!  The dill potato salad was too sour for my taste.  My plate also came with a couple of pickle slices, onions and a butter roll.  The roll was ON POINT!  So light and fluffy!I think the BBQ sauce tasted nice and sweet.  This places offers free ice cream to all guests.  Not the best BBQ I've tried, but it was good.  Overall a cool southern vibe that makes the experience comfortable.
2	The place was nice and clean and the staff was friendly until I asked for a change in the order. It was changed immediately but the delivery of the replacement item was, shall I say less than friendly. I was surprised by the price of the iced tea, my bill went from 17 dollars to 25 dollars when two cups of iced tea was added. I should have complained immediately, but as it was my first time there, I was willing to blame it on  my not asking for the price prior to ordering. We ordered ribs, brisket, and an additional half pound of sausage. The meat was horrible, and I am not talking about just one item, or the item we asked to have replaced. I mean all the meat was awful. The ribs were old and had no taste other than wet pork. There was no glazing or any kind of preperation to the meat that would rate as barbecue. The brisket was completely tasteless and had the appearance of sitting on a steam tray for hours. As they do catering, perhaps it was leftover from a recent event. I won't even address the so called sausage, it was just that bad. On a brighter side the beans and coleslaw were excellent... to bad this wasn't called Dickeys beans and coleslaw house. So one star for the friendly reception and fast service and one star for the side dishes. If you are reading this prior to going, do yourself a favor and just dont go.
2	I really really wanted to give the 3rd star, bu the "A-Ok" text that pops up just didn't accurately describe my experience at Dickey's.I'll start by stating that the Beef and Cheese Baker (stuffed baked potato) was actually very tasty.  But it's a baked potato stuffed with extras.  I also enjoyed the fried okra and coleslaw.  Was wishing for a little more bite or horseradish in the slaw, but I like the chunky cut style.The sliced brisket and pulled pork were both very dry and somewhat bland in flavor.  I wasn't really getting the layers of smoke and spicy rub I would expect at a BBQ joint.  I did appreciate the sauces being heated for serving, but they were all kind of sweet with different levels of spice.  This place is not terrible.  Very clean, and the service was just fine.  It just reflects more of that "big chain" bbq shop that doesn't put the extra love into the food that's plated.  It's obvious that there is a play book that is followed where the meats are prepared early in the day, and likely sit in a heated area waiting to be served.  By 7 PM, smoked meats get pretty dry.With some of the other choices in town, this is likely my first and last visit to Dickey's.  Good BBQ is worth the drive.
4	Love their Macaroni Cheese & Potato Salad. It was delicious. Customer service was awesome. TY. Will be there again soon!
3	This place is one of my favorite spots, however sometimes its incredibly inconsistent. ie... last time i got the brisket plate 2 of the 3 slices were just complete utter fat.... no meat at all.... then theres times where its just amazing- it just makes it difficult to want to go back if your unsure which experience your going to have.
4	I like dickey's. Their daily specials are a good deal and will fill you up. Or those with heartier appetites I say 2 meat combo. I always feel soooooo full afterwards. The spicy BBQ sauce is very tasty. Free pickles are yummy and a great appetizer. Top that off with free ice cream and you're good to go. If you're in the neighborhood, stop by. You won't be disappointed. The turkey is amazing!!!
3	Grabbed some carryout. Got the ribs and pulled pork.They were out of Brisket and Ham. Meat was good, not outstanding.The pulled pork was much better when sauce was added. The ribs were tender with a fair amount of meat on the bone.I also got the potato salad and green beans. I like their green beans cooked with bacon. The potato salad on the other hand is pretty bland with maybe a bit too much dill. Overall, not great BBQ, but not bad BBQ.
5	My boss is a big powerlifter so when he says a place is good (it may not be on the healthy side but more the meatlover side) IT'S GOOD.I went in here after a long hike one time with a group of coworkers and absolutely pigged out.Service is FAST here because they already have the various meats cooked. Even with this, the meat is very fresh. The only thing I'd ever ordered from here is the westerner because it is a roll and you can choose two different meats. I usually get the westerner with a beef brisket and pulled pork. Cheese, pickles and onions are also what they include in this but are optional. My favorite side items are carb loaded though with my usual mac and cheese or garlic mashed potatoes (with chives and cheese). They have a wealth of condiments such as 3 flavors of barbeque sauce: spicy, sweet and their special combination sauce which I love the most.Also, they do have weekly specials from Monday-Friday.Love how these guys cater as well.Free vanilla ice cream on your way out at the exit is the bonus!I am a regular at this place and recommend it to any of my friends who love meat.
2	Nothing I hate more then dried out BBQ and it doesn't get any drier then this.  Maybe next time I should order the shoe leather
5	I had the pulled pork sandwich. Very tasty!  Good service, good food and clean restaurant. I highly recommend!
4	I am almost embarrassed to say that our kitchen cabinets hold a large set of big yellow cups.  They are the perfect size!  We usually end up here on Sundays.  What makes Sunday so special you ask?  Well, kids eat for free on Sundays.  Dickey's has daily specials.  I really like this place a lot.  It's a simple bar b que place.  I don't have to deal with overpriced meat and rude waiters.  You go in and order various smoked meats.  The sides are great too.  I love their loaded bake potato casserole.  The green beans are great too.  I f we have guests in town we take them her most of the time.  When you are done with your meal enjoy some free ice cream too.  If you are in the area you have to stop in and try Dickey's out.  Make sure to get your big yellow cup because it will end up in you kitchen cabinet!  Cheers!
2	Agh the Barbeque wasn't all that. Even drowned in sauce the meat was dry. It had the taste and texture as if it was cooked the day before and warmed up for service. It was a bit chewy and the meat itself lacked flavor.
4	Simple barbeque that is best on Sunday when kids eat free.  Barbeque is best when moist and tender, hence going on busier days ensures freshness.  As good as Famous Dave's and without the lively atmosphere of Lucille's, but then again this establishment is in a strip mall in front of the Las Vegas South Outlet Mall.  Disclosure...I'm from Texas.I have eaten wonderful barbeque all through the South...this is as good as I've had in Las Vegas.  If you like BBQ, you'll like this family friendly restaurant.
5	One of my favorite BBQ joints in Vegas. They have $2 chicken sandwiches on Mondays. Prices are decent and food is excellent.
4	Good food. Had the brisket sandwich free ice cream
3	Good place if you want quick barbecue food, the taste of the food isn't bad, but does not come close to Famous Daves which taste by far better, and only over the freeway by Target.. The prices are ok for what they serve, customer service is always good when I'm there.
4	As a former Texan raised on good brisket, BBQ sauce, and pickles - this place delivers.  I would have given 5 stars but they mistakenly forgot to include a big part of our meal in the bag for takeout.  Once home, we were too far to go back . They did reimburse us the money on our CC.  The brisket here is about as good as you are going to find in Las Vegas.  Believe me. Trust me.  I have tried them all.  The sauce is excellent.  And they are one of the only places in town that automatically provides pickles and onions - a necessity for a brisket sandwich.  Today we also ordered the fried okra (pretty good) and the tanglers (aka, fried shoestring onion rings).  Both were good.  The meat is very tender and falls apart easily.  It's not the "rubbery" brisket you might find at other places in town.  All in all, I wouldn't travel to Las Vegas looking for good BBQ.  But for those of us who live here and appreciate good BBQ, Dickey's is one place that just never disappoints us.
4	I just discovered this place and I really like it! The food is fairly consistent but depending on the day and time you go and who's in the kitchen, you might get a drier or a fattier brisket, an overcooked or undercooked turkey breast, etc. The meat combo plates are a great way to try different items and are perfect for someone as indecisive as I am. I adore the green beans with bacon side and I usually get a double order. The chopped brisket is the best thing here, followed by the chicken breast. The turkey has been hit or miss and the sausages are just "okay."All drinks come in a big, sturdy plastic yellow cup. They have sweet and unsweetened tea and free pickles and ice cream (eat 'em together or separately, whatever floats yer boat). Not much atmosphere to speak of but I like how you order, pay, and a runner brings your food to the table. You fix your own drinks.
3	The BBQ was ok.  It is cooked without any sauce.  I think it would have tasted a bit better if it was cooked with one of their popular sauces.  I tried both sauces that they had in the crock pots and they were very good and added a lot to the meet.  I really enjoyed the hot and spicy sauce.   I had the pulled pork and Texas brisket.  They were good, but definitely not the best I ever had, but then I am now used to NC BBQ.  If you are on the strip and want to get some decent priced BBQ, go to Dickeys.  I will go back.
2	I had the two meat combo with beans and slaw.  The brisket was dry and the hot links weren't.  They did have never-ending pickles and soda.  I'll stay with Famous Daves or John Mull's.
3	I want to find good BBQ in Vegas. I really do, I have been all over and yet to find that place that  keeps me coming back. Well, Dickies is OK. I'm not sure why people rate it 5 stars just because of free pickles and ice cream, lets talk about the actual food quality....Brisket - underwhelming, but, was tender. The consistency bothered me a little since it was a "plop" of soft meat on the corner of my plate, I was trying to find some smoke rings as well but, none to be found. The flavor kicked itself up when I added some of the sauce. Remember - everything at Dickie's is sauceless. You can head by the drink area and select from a few choices of sauce. A regular sauce and a Hot & Spicy if I recall. The Spicy Cheddar Sausage - I read some reviews on how they "Trippled" the cheese and everyone raved about it. I liked the zest and kick it had but there was something off about the cheese, sort of reminded me of a 7-11 cheese sauce but in a little tiny block form. Maybe needed to be cooked longer?Sides - Fried Okra, can't really go wrong with anything fried, it is what is is. A standard staple.The Mac & Cheese was tasty and had a good thick consistency to it, I would get that again. The roll - Terrible, mine seemed like it was microwaved, had to dunk it in BBQ for some added flavor, I was really hoping for a fresh roll, some of these reviews spoke very highly of it. =((Sauce - The sauce selection is good, the Hot & Spicy was  my favorite, had a good kick and zing to it, way more memorable than the regular sauce which was fairly water downed. If it was thicker, they flavor would have stood out a lot more.And yes, you can dig free pickles out of this giant communal jar and a soft serve machine by the door that has free ice cream when your done with your meal. (no opinion) haha.
4	Amazing food for a fast food BBQ......the pulled pork sandwich was so good. Loved the onion straws as well. My boyfriend had the ham an it was also great..love this place. Definitely going back..
1	Do not even try this place... The WORST food I have ever eaten... I love BBQ and have lived in Central Texas for awhile... I thought a BBQ Place by my house was bad... I need to apologize to them... This place is the worst place I have ever eaten... Ever... I have never had food this bad ever...
3	Pretty Good for the price. They got our order wrong but quickly fixed it. The free ice cream doesn't hurt either!
4	Texas BBQ chain that reminds me of home! Their plates are inexpensive and you get a hefty size portion. You'll leave fat and happy (literally). This is fried, southern comfort food. They have their different sauces as self-serve, which is a great touch. Also, self-serve all you can eat pickles, yum!
4	I've finally found a cheap BBQ place that's delicious. I've passed this place so many times over the years while going to eat next door at BWW. I don't know why I never walked in, I love BBQ. Man, I've been missing out this whole time. Their chopped brisket is amazing. As is their pulled pork. I was pretty dissatisfied with their ribs though. They weren't "fall off the bone" tender as I hoped they would be. Actually they were pretty tough. i'm hoping it was just an off day though. I keep meaning to give them a try again, but I can't pull away from their damn brisket. They have a good 2 meat deal, which comes with two sides and a biscuit. It's usually the option I go for. It's a great amount of food to feed me when I'm super hungry, and makes great left over when I'm not so hungry. They also have daily specials which come with the aforementioned plus a drink. All in all, a great place to grab some quick BBQ if you don't want to do a sit down restaurant.
3	At Dickey's, you're not going to get the best tasting, fall off the bone, melt in your mouth, type ribs here.  What you will find at Dickey's is decent BBQ with super prices. When I think of Dickey's BBQ Pit, I think of having that "wine taste, with the beer budget".  Dickey's was a last minute decision for us.  We were looking for BBQ, but wanted somewhere quick and close to our current location.  Dickey's fit the bill.  I ended up getting their 2 Meat Plate which consisted of 4 oz of sliced beef briskets, 4 oz of chicken breast, waffle fries, and beans.  All of this was only $10.50, which is a steal of a deal to me.  As for taste, I've had better.  Both the briskets and chicken was a bit dry. However, a huge plus was that both were lower in calories than the other BBQ joints out here.  The waffle fries were also dry and the beans tasted like they were just out of a can.  The kids had good ol' fashion mac n cheese, but good was far from it.  Both teens stated that Kraft Mac N Cheese was better.Looking for great tasting BBQ, Yelp other places around town or go somewhere else. Looking for quick BBQ and cheap prices, then give Dickey's a shot. PS:  Was overcharged close to $10 on both Mac's.  The Manager took care of the issue by crediting my debit card.  My advice, check your bill.
5	I'm a transplant from Texas. I'm not into the whole "happy cow" thing. lolWhen I saw Dickey's was in Vegas, I immediately called to see where their meats came from - air shipped straight from Texas. O M G.I found a place that has REAL BBQ! Not that weird stuff at Famous Dave's, which is not BBQ btw.This place made me feel like I was home again.
5	Second time eating here this week. Love the chopped beef brisket. Okra, Mac and cheese, sweet tea! This is comfort good at its best. But the staff is the best part. Super friendly and helpful. To top it off - there's free ice cream. The place was clean, the line was short, everything was great. Hooray for the big yellow cup!
5	This place is amazing food always cooked when we order and the service is great the cashier made me and my girlfriend laugh quite a bit he had good jokes and they have free ice cream and delicious bbq sauce.
4	BBQ fast food at its finest. Better than most BBQ places in Las Vegas . Recommend the Westerner sandwhich
2	Well this is the first time and the last time we will try this place. It smelled awesome when we walked in. I decided to get the two meat plate (chicken,pulled pork) with two sides (load bake potato, fried okra) and a drink. My husband got the two meat sandwich (brisket, pulled pork) and two sides (fresh dill potato salad, coleslaw) to GO!!When we got home we were shorted a side my fried Okra!! They gave us to little containers of BBQ sauce which was not enough since the items were very dry. For my plate it was 10.50 and the portions were very small as well as my husbands sandwhich. We could have gone to Famous Daves and gotten better BBQ for lunch and cheaper. Since we were not happy with the food and know we are not going back we did not call and tell them of our missing side.
5	Love the pulled pork sandwich. Even get it on a combo special on Mondays. Always get the fried okra and never walk out without the free ice cream cone to go.
5	This place is great, simple, fast, and really great food, if you like BBQ you have to definitely have to give this place a shot
3	Nice food and good prices.
5	Best BBQ in Vegas! Turkey is my overall favorite. They have great daily specials and kids eat free on Sundays. Everyone loves the free soft serve ice cream.
2	I was working in the area and in the mood for BBQ.I ordered the two meat plate, two meats and two sides, and a drink. Price just under $15.For the meats I had pulled pork and sliced brisket. For the sides I had bbq beans and baked potato casserole (loaded mashed potatoes).I'll start with the sides. One of the things I like about bbq places is trying the different sides each place offers. The baked potato casserole was excellent, the bbq beans average at best.Before I get to the meats, a little background is needed. I have three smokers at home a vertical, a side box and a gas vertical. That being said, I'm no stranger to bbq, so my bar may be a little higher, than the average bbq eater.Both of the meats were dry from being over cooked, they needed sauce to make them moist. Good bbq is kept moist while cooking, it doesn't need sauce, after cooking, for moisture. The sauce, after cooking, is something you add to personal taste, if at all.The pulled pork was less dry,  I tried it without sauce and it had a decent taste on it's own. I still ended up putting sauce on it because it was dry and I wanted to sample the sauces. The portion was generous, I had leftovers of the pork.Now the brisket, totally over cooked and dry. You have the option of sliced or chopped. I ordered it sliced, though it didn't make much difference, you couldn't cut it without it breaking into little pieces. It's suppose to be tender, but retain it's structural integrity. You should be able to cut a piece off and pick it up with a fork, not a chance. I tried to pick the bite up with a fork and ended up with little pieces on the tines of the fork, the rest of the bite was sitting in the basket in pieces. It was so dry it absolutely needed sauce. The portion was less generous, no leftovers.Since I mentioned the need for sauce, they had three sauces, normal, hot n spicy and sweet. Since I had plenty of dry meat that needed sauce, I tried all three. They were all three good sauces. I liked the regular, the hot and the sweet, in that order, but that's a personal taste. I don't care for sweet bbq sauces in general, if I'm using store bought sauces, I prefer Chris and Pitts, to KC or SBR's sauce, because it's less sweet.Summary:The above being said, the place is not terrible, I've had far worse bbq. Would I go there again, probably not.
5	This review is for the new Dicky's on S. Rainbow Blvd. I pass this place on my way home from work everyday and since there are really no good BBQ places in Las Vegas I thought I should consider trying this place. I called a friend of mine that lives in Texas and asked him about this place and he said Dicky's is very good. This week I just happened to get a coupon in the mail for a buy1 get 1 free so I figured what better time to try. Me and my husband went in at 8:00 pm on a Sunday night. They close at 9:00 pm.There was no one in the place but when we entered we received a warm welcome from a man who seemed to be the manager. He asked us if we had ever eaten there and we said no. He immediate replied. Well you know what that means . You will be back again. I told him I really hope so. We then ordered. My husband got a huge baked potato with chopped brisket and cheese on top and I ordered the chicken. The man said they were out of chicken and ham. I then ordered the chopped  beef brisket and two sides. Mac & cheese and coleslaw. We decided to take our food home. The sweet tea is the bomb. The man who gave us our to go order advised us that since he didn't have the meat I requested in the beginning of my order he gave me extra meat to make up for it.he then thanked us and we said hope to see you again .once we got home and started to eat we couldn't believe how tender and delicious the beef brisket was. My husbands baked potato was huge and I had enough meat to feed two people. The Mac and cheese was great . The coleslaw was awesome. My husband kept eating my coleslaw.Overall from going into this place on a Sunday night an hour before they closed. They exceeded my expectation and have new customers for life. Cuddos to the African American guy behind the counter. He had a great attitude and  was a very helpful person. I look forward to going back  because of the customer service and the food. Good Job Dickey's
2	As I start my new quest to find great B.B.Q I thought I would give Dickey's a shot. The reviews were favorable so I went for it. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was there was no B.B.Q smell usually you smell smoke, the sauce or something. I ordered the full rack, the guy turned to a warmer and grabbed a rack of wrapped ribs. Yes they were already saran wrapped. He didn't even throw them on the grill, just chopped them up and into the box they went. the ribs were so over cooked it was difficult to tell when the meat ended and the bone began. When I could find a decent rib the sauce was so bland it took away from the meat. My 2 sides were the creamy coleslaw (I think someone owes K.F.C for stealing the recipe) and the loaded potato casserole (mashed potato's with melted cheese on top).You can't beat the prices but I would rather pay more to get flavor with my meal.
4	I was craving BBQ one day, so I pulled up my trusty Yelp app and found this place close by. The prices are a little expensive, but I figured it'd be okay to try it at least once. The guy at the counter helped me out with ordering and suggested I get the daily special to get a deal, since that's what I wanted anyway. It didn't take long for them to get my order ready and I took it to go.The food was delicious, both the big barbeque sandwich and the sides of green beans with bacon, mac & cheese, fried okra, and waffle iron fries. It filled me up so much that I had to save the sides and eat them later that night.Because the food is pricey, I wouldn't eat here often, but I wouldn't mind coming here every once in awhile to eat.
2	I was going to give this place three stars until I had my leftovers yesterday... Definitely a two star place with a few three star characteristics...Service - GoodFood as follows:-Ribs - Actually decent-Turkey - Tasted like deli-warmed turkey. Even with sauce, it was horrible-Ham - Asked if I wanted it glazed. Even with glaze and sauce...the worst I've ever had-Pulled Pork - Dry. Did I say dry? Dry...-Brisket - Not a bad taste, but a little dry-Chicken - Ummm...Didn't have any because they were out...-Sauces - OK...Three of them (regular, sweet and spicy)-Roll - Hard-Beans - Average-Mac & Cheese - Very "Krafty"-Fried Okra - What's the hype? It was ok-Ice Cream - Yuck! Taste like ice milk with ice in it. The service was good. The restaurant was clean. The prices were very reasonable. The food portions were plentiful. I had part of my leftovers before I threw them away. There would have been enough for a third day had I not thrown it away. If I ever went back, I would get the rib plate and bbq beans. That's it...
5	If Dickey's was located in a Strip hotel they would clean up.   Terrific BBQ especially the sandwiches.
4	I used to be the duchess of Dickey's Pleasanton. I can't wait to be the duchess of Dickey's Las Vegas! This location has a great set up, but the service is something to be said for. Every employee is super warm & welcoming as well as very knowledgable about the menu. Portions were very generous and I loved how custom the brand has become.
4	This place reminds me of home without having to go too far out of my way. Being from Texas, I used to eat at Dickey's quite a bit, especially during lunch when I needed a quick bite, along with other fast casual or quick service BBQ joints off course. Although this one's a bit smaller and slower than the ones back home, the food more than makes up for it. Most of the time I'm here the meats are well smoked and flavorful, although the pulled pork and brisket could be a little more moist and less lean, which makes it dry when you smoke it. The sides are pretty delicious and I tend to go with the mac and cheese and bacon green beans, but half the time I can't even decide which 2 I want to pick. If you stop by on a weekday during lunch, they have a special of the day now and for $8.99 you can grab a BBQ sandwich or entree with 2 sides and a drink! The most recent time I was here I opted for this deal and I felt like there was more than enough food I could barely finish. They also have a free ice cream machine here, as does every Dickey's location, but I wouldn't recommend it except for kids...it isn't very good ice cream...but hey it's free right?There are typically only a couple front line employees and 1 register so it could take a while if you come in during lunch rush. But since this is a pretty small location, I doubt it could be streamlined any better. I believe they just opened a new location near S. Rainbow, but I haven't had a chance to check it out yet.
1	I liked the old store set up better. The baked  bean recipe tastes different (on the bad side) and the prices have jumped up. $13 for a small 3 meat plate- I would rather go to tony romas for that price or Memphis BBQ which is just down the street. Oh and the Mac and cheese sucks! Even microwave crap tastes better.
1	i was very disappointed i ordered a half slab of ribs to go just to see what they tasted like because  i have never been to dickeys before. well the good things first . the people that worked there were very nice; thats about it. the ribs were dry hardly any bbq sauce on them even though i asked for extra sauce. no bbq flavor at all . they tasted like they were cooked in an oven . i paid $14 for a half slab of ribs what a joke.
3	Came here with my lady and I got the pork ribs, mac n cheese, and fried okra. I will mostly likely never come back to this place. The mac n cheese was good but everything else was ok.DO NOT BRING A GIRL OR GUY HERE ON YOUR FIRST DATE PEOPLE. They may think you have bad taste. Wait till date 100.The ribs come with no bbq sauce and you have to put which ever flavor you want on them. The ribs were tender but the sauce wasn't that good. I really didn't like how water down the sauce was. Fried okra - theres nothing to discuss. But if your high as a kite or pretty drunk im sure the food would taste better then average BUT HEY FREE ICE CREAM IS ALWAYS GOOD RIGHT?
5	When I lived in Dallas this was the thing iodized most when I left. Seeing that beautiful yellow and red sign brought back so many happy memories. There is literally nothing here that isn't good. I would eat this every single day if I could!
2	I thought this was pretty awful, gave it 2stars instead of 1 because at least the sides were ok. Good pie. I had Mac n cheese and potato casserole. And their BBQ  sauce is good. I ordered 3meat meal. Got two fairly skimpy ribs, asked for pulled pork but 90% sure it was Turkey, either way it  was super dry, and the chopped brisket was also dry, I not only went through the sauce they gave me, but had to use a bunch I had at home from my own stock (ordered take out) since all the meat was so damn dry. I usually am a light saucer and just like to enjoy the meat. I have a smoker at home,I have little experience and even still I'd say if I stood outside the door and sold it for DOUBLE their price, people would go for mine, it was that bad as far as BBQ standards go.
2	Pretty good BBQ but I find the prices to be a bit over priced. You get huge portions though. I consider the food closer to 3 stars but I received really bad service last time we were there. Which normally I would chalk up to someone having a bad day but the gentleman behind the counter who happened to be African American was much nicer to EVERYONE who he helped after us. I not usually one who notices if I am treated differently but it was blatant as he was giving out samples and being super friendly with everyone else when he barely even spoke to me or asked what I wanted to order. I don't know if race truly played a part of he just didn't like my smile but it put me off for sure and was pretty upsetting. Overall its nice because they give you free ice cream and my kids (who happen to be bi-racial) LOVE the ham! I will be back again I just hope that I get treated better next time.
4	Great "fast food" concept applied to great home-style BBQ. This place is good for the soul! Fast, fresh, flavorful. I like that the meat is tender and juicy and you put the sauce on yourself so that it's not hoppy or over-done. Totally satisfied my craving.
5	BBQ brisket sandwich was great. Meat was smoked well, moist and tender. Nice soft round bun. Good sauces. A good amount of brisket is put on the bun. For $5.50, this is a real good deal. I will go back to get the brisket, but to try other items. Nice greeting and friendly people working here. It took less than 5 minutes to get my food.
1	Horrible!!! Meats were dry sweet tea was watery mac n cheese taste like boxed kraft. Bbq sauce runny. Never Again
4	Catering, take out, free delivery within ten miles! Plus free soft serve! What more can you ask for? The homemade BBQ sauces are so delicious. Shared the meal of the day and the smokehouse salad with my husband. Such a smart idea. Gets a better sample of what they have to offer here. Only thing I wished for was a better selection for kids meals. The first employee you see coking through the door needs to be more friendly and make eye contact. But everyone else was awesome, especially Aaron. Comfy, and mostly clean.
2	Lindsey was very nice and attentive! We tried the picnic pack..was enough for 3people.food was okay! Bread really dry.we try brisket and pulled pork.meat was dry...
4	I'm from Texas and grew up eating and making BBQ, so we're always looking for amazing BBQ anywhere we go. I've tried a few in Vegas and only like one other place in north Vegas (a small drive through place), but today we decided to try Dickie's for Mother's Day because my mom wanted ribs for lunch. We almost decided to go to a chain place, but we knew it was going to be busy. I'm SO glad we decided instead to go here-- a small business, family friendly, clean, fast and super generous spot. The employees were amazing! They were so nice, making recommendations, giving us honest opinions/samples about the food, and being very amenable when we changed an order. All 3 employees behind the counter were friendly and went out of their way to ensure we were satisfied. Plus, Sundays, kids eat free! I paid about $40 for 3 adults and 2 kids. And we had plenty leftovers. The adults had the 3 meat combo and a rib plate. The baked potato casserole and fried okra sides were awesome. You could actually taste the okra. They weren't over fried and greasy. The fries also were nice--the oil for the fried stuff was not old or overwhelming.  Even the kids apologized for thinking they weren't gonna like it. They both had the chicken nuggets and mac & cheese with a drink. For dessert, there's free soft serve ice cream. This place was almost perfect. The only thing I didn't like was a huge Ronald Reagan photo on the wall. I'm assuming with the owner. I'm not a republican and not a fan of this racist, classist president. Although all the workers were white and most of the patrons as well, they were all nice. So I hope Reagan is not representative of the politics or bias of the owner. You have to be careful with what message you send to customers of color.
2	It was ok kinda sad and way too expensive for what you get. If you want fast food bbq (which is NOT how bbq should be) come here if you don't mind the spending the not so fast food prices.
4	Solid 4, used to rate beyond the 5 stars and shoot for a 10. First, my last visit was today and my order was messed up, but quickly fixed. The place was a bit of a mess, especially around the ice cream machine. My trip, a couple weeks ago, was a great one though. I went to lunch with my little girl and we finished up our meal, and wrapped it up. Decided on a quick trip to the lady's room and came back to find our table cleaned up, including our to go bags and drinks. I went up to the cashier and let them know and she said "oh, must have gotten trashed." My heart sank, no leftovers... She verified with the cook, and he admitted to throwing our to go bag away. Then they did the unexpected, they offered to remake everything! Down to the sweet tea, we got an entire meal to go! No onto the 4 stars: the price has shot up, and unless it's a Sunday (kids eat free), it is very costly! Pickles are gone (dunno about you, but I looooved dem pickles!) this used to be my weekend stop, not it's very few weeks as the cost is too much, so I just make my own. Other than that, I will choose this place over more popular places in my area (Lucille's, Memphis, and Famous Dave's).
3	Considering this is a quick-serve, almost fast-food style BBQ place, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of their BBQ. It was easily among the best I've been fortunate enough to enjoy. We had hot links, ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. All were smoky, juicy, and tender. No complaints there. Their selection of sauces was on point as well. Standard, sweet, and spicy. Loved the spicy variation. Loved seeing the crushed red pepper floating around in there. The service on the other hand -- nothing to write home about. Like I said, Dickey's should be a quick-serve restaurant. When we visited, it wasn't quick serve at all. Line out the door -- even being 20 minutes before closing -- and the folks weren't exactly moving the customers through. I spent 15 minutes in line before I ordered, and probably another 7 before my order was in my hands ready to eat. Like I said, the BBQ is great, but we had to wait forever for it.Convenient location too -- just south of the Strip, past Mandalay Bay in the south outlet center.
4	All I can say is kids eat free on Sunday I have a Family of five and it's not cheep to go out to eat I feed everyone foe 25 bucks it's great and the kids get free ice cream
4	I would rate this place a five, if the staff was nicer. Nevertheless, I cannot overlook that the food is so delicious, in that "southern comfort, greasy, totally unhealthy" for you type of way. I ordered the beef brisket, and oh my was it worth it. Juicy, flavorful, and not too salty, just how I like my red meats. For the sides, where do I start! The baked potato casserole was so scrumptious, as a matter of fact, I liked it better than the meat, which is saying alot. The green beans were fair, not out of this world but good. The Jalapeno beans are a must try, smoky, not too hot, just right in accordance to southern style cuisine.      The all you can eat, self serve ice cream is a plus. Sure it was a little watery, but for "all you can eat" it suffices. Once again, my biggest reservation is the staff. No one says you have to love your job, but at least make me feel like I am somewhat welcomed at the establishment, a simple hello would be nice. For what it is, Dickey's is a decent BBQ joint. Try it to get it out of your system, wouldn't blame you if you decide to return despite the solemn staff.
4	Great food, reasonable prices. I love their biscuits and fries and especially love the chopped brisket with the sweet sauce.
5	I visit a different location on a regular basis. I was shopping at the Outlet Mall, and decided to pop in and get my 3 meat plate.Seeing a familiar face, Mary from the Rainbow store cheered me up!! Her hospitality made my day!! It just feels comfortable like HOME.I'll be returning here as a trip on my way to work. Thanks for the consistency.
5	First time here and I don't think we have this place in California. Really good sauces and they have free ice cream! Their whole concept is great and they have the food to back it up. I'd come back again when I visit Vegas.
3	I ordered the Brisket/Rib combo plate. Brisket was dry and had no flavor. Ribs were even worse. Lacked any smoke flavor and i had to drown the ribs in sauce to make it taste edible. The only reason i'm giving this place 3 stars is because the workers are all very nice and for fast food it's a nice change. If you are desperate for BBQ this place could work.
2	Have come here since it opened.  Haven't been here for a little while and ate there this evening and was disappointed.  Side portions got smaller.  Had side salad that was over chilled in frig.  Lettuce was slightly freezer burned and wilted, ham was dry, not as good as it usually has been.  Must have been and off night.  Ice cream always a delight.
5	This place is great. I have tried: Brisket, Pulled Pork, Spicy Cheese Sausage, Chicken, Green Beans, Cole Slaw, and the Onion Straws.The Pulled Pork and Chicken are a MUST! Also, their coleslaw is on point. Doesn't get better.Pricing is about average for BBQ but totally reasonable because of how good it is.The customer service has been great every time I go there.  Eating there is an overall enjoyable experience.
4	I'm from Texas and grew up eating and making BBQ, so we're always looking for amazing BBQ anywhere we go. I've tried a few in Vegas and only like one other place in north Vegas (a small drive through place), but today we decided to try Dickie's for Mother's Day because my mom wanted ribs for lunch. We almost decided to go to a chain place, but we knew it was going to be busy. I'm SO glad we decided instead to go here-- a small business, family friendly, clean, fast and super generous spot. The employees were amazing! They were so nice, making recommendations, giving us honest opinions/samples about the food, and being very amenable when we changed an order. All 3 employees behind the counter were friendly and went out of their way to ensure we were satisfied. Plus, Sundays, kids eat free! I paid about $40 for 3 adults and 2 kids. And we had plenty leftovers. The adults had the 3 meat combo and a rib plate. The baked potato casserole and fried okra sides were awesome. You could actually taste the okra. They weren't over fried and greasy. The fries also were nice--the oil for the fried stuff was not old or overwhelming.  Even the kids apologized for thinking they weren't gonna like it. They both had the chicken nuggets and mac & cheese with a drink. For dessert, there's free soft serve ice cream. This place was almost perfect. The only thing I didn't like was a huge Ronald Reagan photo on the wall. I'm assuming with the owner. I'm not a republican and not a fan of this racist, classist president. Although all the workers were white and most of the patrons as well, they were all nice. So I hope Reagan is not representative of the politics or bias of the owner. You have to be careful with what message you send to customers of color.
5	For this place being "fast food" I found it absolutely fantastic. I ordered the 3 meat plate with brisket, chopped pork, and cheese sausage. All of the meats were great and would compete with any top notch BBQ in town. The sides were incredibly delicious, I ordered the baked potato casserole and jalepeno baked beans.  Both were so good. It was my first time here but couldn't find any issues to complain about. They even serve FREE soft serve ice cream, how can you beat that??? We'll done Dickeys!! I will be back!
2	I will give 2 stars because food and value are good. The service was a mess. You now order at a wall that makes no sense and then food sits and gets cold while making others and waiting to be rung up after. I think the old numbers and bring it out as great so unsure of why changed. The lady on the register was making food and touching the register and credit card. That is not acceptable. I have eaten here too many times to list and use to always be perfect. Hope you can work this out!
5	Being from the South, I'm always in search of good BBQ.  Typically on Sundays we have Italian Family Dinner!  Well, husband was out of town (he does the cooking on Sunday) so we decided to get "Take Out".  I've tried BBQ all over Vegas, never been happy!  Found Dickey's on Yelp, well Emily did.  We decided to give it a try.  It was wonderful, from the minute we walked in we were in LOVE!  The employees were amazing! They were so nice, Mark stated off making recommendations, giving us honest opinions/samples about the food.  Family was very excited about BBQ Sunday, but I think they were a little scared.  Well not for long everyone loved it.  We experienced everything they have; ribs, brisket, chicken, pulled pork, sausage, BBQ beans, Potato Casserole, Cole Slaw even the green bean with bacon.  It was all delightful.We will go back really soon!
5	WOW, I never knew what true BBQ tasted like til I had a Pulled-Pork, Shredded Beef BBQ Sandwich, it was so good, I couldn't wait til I got back home in Palm Springs to slap my momma, I still dream about that sandwich!!!
4	I discovered Dicky's Barbeque Pit today and was greeted by the smell of BBQ as soon as I jumped out of my car. As I was the only customer when I walked in I was unsure of how good it would be but I'm always up for trying a new place, especially for BBQ.  I ordered a 3 meat plate and a 2 meat plate with pulled pork, beef brisket, chicken breast and BBQ honey ham. The sides were coleslaw, barbeque beans and potato salad. It also came with rolls, onions, pickles and BBQ sauce. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed it. The meat was flavorful and tender. The beans were spicy and delicious. Coleslaw was reminiscent of KFC but the boyfriend liked it. I wasn't fond of the potato salad, it tasted like it had dill in it, it was just OK.The employees were also very nice. Patient with my indecision, which is a plus since everything looked and smelled so good. Lol I'd say we got our money's worth and we will definitely eat there again.
2	I expected more from this place even though it's a chain restaurant. I ordered a half a rack of pork ribs and brisket sandwich. The meat on the ribs was dry and had the texture of the kind of ribs you get when you buy a precooked rack of ribs at your local supermarket. The brisket sandwich didn't impress me either. Maybe I just came here on a bad day.As for the prices they are reasonable, but I can not justify coming back here again for the food. At least the BBQ beans where good, but then again it's hard to mess that one up. Famous Daves or Lucilles BBQ is much much better in my opinion. And the best BBQ rib joint in Vegas is John Mulls road kill in North Vegas.
1	So today at work was safety meeting day. For lunch Dickey's CRAP B Q was delivered to us. We had pork spare ribs, BBQ chicken breast, ham, Mac and cheese and beans. One word ALWAYS comes to mind when I think of Dickey's, "DISGUSTING". A few observations I have about this so called "BBQ"You never see a smoke ring on ANY of the meat.No smoke taste, ever.Drowning food is BBQ sauce does NOT make it BBQ.I ask of anyone to tell me if you have ever seen smoke coming from any Dicky's restaurant? I sure haven't!! This is because IT'S NOT REALLY BBQ!Several co-workers and I started to feel ill a couple hours after lunch. Must have been the semi warm baked chicken breast swimming in a gallon of sauce, or maybe it was the bone dry ham, could have been the so called Mac and cheese. What ever it was, I will never eat Dicky's wanna be Q again!!
4	Great place for quick and friendly BBQ. First off I would not recommend any chain restaurant to a 'die hard' BBQ fan. In a pinch, Dickeys offers juicy meats (I've tried the chicken, turkey and chopped brisket), excellent sides, and some tasty sauce options. Perhaps the most authentic thing about this restaurant is the people who work here. They are extremely friendly and accommodating. For what they are doing, fast food BBQ, Dickeys is top notch.
1	The foods not bad. The prices are reasonable. But I will never go there again. I ordered a kids meal since I had weight loss surgery and they refused to serve me. I explained my situation to the girl @ the register and even showed the card the surgeon gave me for this situation,but she said she'd get in trouble. I asked for a mgr and was told there wasnt one. Hard to believe no mgr at lunch time. I sent a email to their corportate officr and never recieevd a response
5	Horey sheet...bomb.com. This some good BBQ. Must be kind of a secret place because I can't remember hearing about it before and I found it by accident. Really good. If you've never been here, try it! Menu is a little complicating but it's like that in new places for me usually. I usually just try to listen to what people are ordering in front of me. I'd say they need more advertising but I don't think they even need it. Place was busy but quick.
4	Had a wonderful lunch time here yesterday like it was a blast. I didn't expected this place to be this good. Their food is not the only thing that make this place really good. Because their service was also recommendable, love how they treat us, their customers. The staff was well trained on having a conversation with the customer which is nice.Great place for food and for service. Expect me to come back again.
5	This place was soo good! Their pulled pork was super delicious! Their sides are fabulously yummy. The prices are just right. And the best part.... FRE ICE CREAM! Where can u go wrong!
2	If you're craving the McRib at a time when it's not offered at McD's, then Dickey's has got you covered!Don't be fooled by the smell.. Dickey's is to BBQ what Taco Bell is to Mexican. I went to Dickey's for lunch and ordered the Westerner, a sandwich with pulled pork and sausage, along with macaroni and cheese and loaded mashed potatoes. The sandwich wasn't horrible. It just wasn't good. The bread was pretty nice. Someone on here described the Mac and Cheese and being Krafty. To that I say, don't get your hopes up. Kraft is much better then their cheese sauce concoction. The loaded mashed potatoes were actually pretty good as was the sweet tea. I finished my meal with a complimentary cone. It was labeled ice cream, but don't get your hopes up. It's cold and has an appearance similar to ice cream, but it's definitely not ice cream.The service was good, the place was clean and the prices were reasonable. I think it's a great place to take kiddos. I don't think I'd make an effort to go back, but I wouldn't be opposed to it if I had a coupon. Bon appetit.
2	Not impressed. Did not like the atmosphere of the establishment. Seemed dingy and dirty. Food was ok. I would recommend famous Dave's if you're in the mood for laid back inexpensive barbecue.
3	I would say this place was alright. I've had better bbq. I prefer my meat smoked and the meat here was all oven cooked. I had a 2 for 1 coupon so that made it even better lol.. We ordered 3 meats with ribs, brisket and turkey. Ribs were good but a little fatty and I prefer my brisket cut in slices and this was like pulled pork style. Mac n cheese, potato casserole, and baked beans were excellent. When u leave you get a free ice cream! Overall I probably will come back but not often!  This place is basically the fast food of bbq!
1	Not much has improved with this place since the last visit. No mentionable smoke flavor in the meat whatsoever and the pulled pork had little flavor to begin with. The sides were average at best and nothing stood out. If you want good bbq hit up rollin smoke instead. Oh and People still praise the free ice cream. Let's just call it free frozen water with powdered milk product bleh.
5	This place is always packed at lunch... probably because the have great prices on their deal of the day! I just placed my 3rd catering order with Aaron. Their prices are phenomenal for bbq. Dine in when Mary is working the register.... it is a completely different atmosphere when she is off. Call ahead if you know what you want and skip the crazy long line!
3	I have been to Dickey's twice now during my lunch break at work since my employer is so close to this particular location. I have been twice now within the span of one month. The first time I ordered the brisket meal with sides of coleslaw and BBQ baked beans. It was good and resolved my hankering for some barbeque.  I really enjoyed their sweet tea.My second visit I decided on the pulled pork sandwich combo with sides of coleslaw and macaroni and cheese. They were skimpy with the brisket though, I paid $12 for this meal, I expected a little more meat. Their macaroni and cheese leaves a lot to be desired. It is much the same as the processed cheese macaroni and cheese that they serve at KFC. I make a  delicious 50's style macaroni and cheese and if they used my recipe I know they would be tops! It is a common and wanted side that should be really good, I was disappointed with theirs. Anyhow, I do like the serve yourself hot caldrons of the BBQ sauce that you can pack up yourself. I am a sauce girl so it is nice being able to take as much as I want with a choice of three flavors.The staff is super friendly and helpful I have to happily say.
1	Line was soooooo long. Whoever was taking orders was sooooo slow.  I stood in line for 15 minutes, moved about one inch and left.  The food is good if you can take advantage of one of their combo nights (Monday - Saturday).  Sunday is kids eat free but who wants eat somewhere with a bunch of noisy kids running around?
