5	Do you want to spend some time in Italy but cannot take the time to travel abroad?  Try eating at Tutti Santi's ristorante located at the Citadelle Plaza in Glendale.  A true Italian family-run business with the best pizza made fresh from the pizza oven.  The service is wonderful, the atmoshere is inviting and don't miss the desserts!I want to go here every week for the rest of my life.
5	I've been to this particular Tutti Santi a number of times and have never been disappointed by either the food OR the staff. We had our company dinner there a few months back...20 of us and the service was impeccable, the food unparalleled. All of the Tutti Santis in the area have outstanding food, yet each of the locations has their own particular ambience. The Glendale location is elegant and the manager there has always stopped by my table to make sure all is well. FWIW, I am a horribly critical foodie...Tutti Santi never fails to pacify.
5	We love Tutti Santi! We have been going to the 16th street location for over ten years! I love when we walk in they know us. Service is amazing - relaxed but attentive. don't be fooled by the seemingly casual pase of your meal. Great place to chill on a date or bring the family for a celebration!
4	Somewhat upscale atmosphere with a good selection of wine, pastas, & handcrafted thin crust pizzas.  Very busy and reservations are probably a good idea.  Prices are reasonable as well, and service has been fabulous on several visits.
4	This is a nice Italian joint for the Arrowhead area.  A little upscale and slightly pretentious but that can be overcome with the great happy that they offer.  There are many items offered for a discount from 4-6 Monday thru Friday and well worth it.Located in the Citadelle plaza amidt other eateries, salons, and empty store fronts it's a little hard to find with no street exposure.  You would never know that this place looks so amazing inside.  Very nice seating area, a little dark but I think that's the way it's meant to be.  A beautiful enlongated granite bar that is very inviting and will enitce you to pull up a seat.If you haven't been here it's definitely worth it to pop your head in here.
4	Tutti Santi by Nina in Glendale has only been open a short while in the Citadelle shopping area.   We went there on Saturday evening with friends and it was a great evening.  My ravioli was melt in your mouth tender.  My husband had cioppino w/white sea bass and loved it.  Our friends also loved their meals.  For dessert we ordered 1 chocolate mousse to share and wound up fighting over it.  Simply the best mousse I have ever had.  The wine list is lengthy and  the staff is knowledgable about the wines and how to best pair them with the dishes.  The service is superb and the restuarants tradition of ending your meal with sambuca for all is the perfect way to end the evening.
5	This place is the bomb. It's tough to pay high end for pasta and sauce, but these guys do it right.   Service is always superior and the food... to die for!
5	A long time since my last visit. Here is an update: MELT in my mouth gnocchi (and that was because I stole from my daughter's plate); hearty, umami stuffed mushrooms; perfectly seasoned risotto with osso bucco; dreamy, creamy, light as a feather tiramisu, all delivered with great service and the best of humor for a picky, demanding table of five. Many thanks to the staff for a great evening. This is an experience worth driving 20 miles. Truly.
5	I really like this place and was surprised to find such good Italian food in Glendale, AZ...or in Arrowhead to be more specific. I've been here several times now and the food is always delicious, the wine selection is very good, and the service is always terrific. It's a little bit pricey but worth the money. It's also good for date night or bring the kids if you have to........I mean want to.I've tried the lasagna, the cioppino, the spaghetti, and various specials and they were all tasty. The best thing I had there was this amazing lobster -bisque pasta but it was a special so it's not always available. The shimp pasta dishes are also excellent.I hear they have great happy hour deals so I plan to check that out soon.
5	My story goes a little something like this.......I moved to Phoenix, met a cute guy who took me to eat at this wonderful Italian place and then I promptly married him! We have since moved to the Northwest Valley and we couldn't be more excited about having this new location. The food is just like homemade, pasta melts in your mouth, seasonal specials every night of the week and a casual laid back atmosphere. This is the place you take your time at, relax, enjoy your glass of wine and know that you are about to eat the best freakin raviolis of your LIFE! The service is great, they never rush you, very helpful and polite. If you are in a rush than I suggest you go elsewhere! Try the Caprese or the Calamari to start. House salad is spot on and the desert of choice is Creme Brulee and coffee. Ok..........I need a date night, this is making me hungry!
1	Seriously?! $60 later my family still has empty belly's because their food was so terrible. We left all 3 of our plates full on the table. The presentation was sloppy & the taste left little to be desired. I would hardly consider their food authentic italian. Its a good slogan though. Honestly their food is more like over priced & overcooked slop. When we spoke to the owner about our food we were insulted & told that we don't know good food. My husband ordered lasagna, my son spaghetti, & I ordered the gnocchi based off of the snobby waitresses recommendation who said I would not be disappointed. She promised. The owner did nothing to resolve the situation. I would not recommend this overpriced, pretentious, dump to ANYONE.
5	Love the service and food. Nice, trendy Italian restaurant without the upscale cost and a fine dining experience. On top of that, our waiter was also Italian! The Chicken Parmagianna al Pomodoro was amazing as was the Penne Alla Casa and the Ravioli Checca. Food was delicious and presentation was stunning. The salad that came with the meal was also wonderful seasoned and served with perfection. No complaints whatsoever. Definitely a treat and a hidden gem in the city of Glendale. Five stars! :)
5	Our food was absolutely delicious. Service, wine, atmosphere- all great, and the food.. well, I'm still dreaming about that food!Everything was handmade and super fresh and amazing! It was filling, but a little small; I definitely wouldn't have minded a few more pieces of ravioli- (hint hint!) Everything I've had with white sauce has been delicious!
5	Last night was awesome....as usual.  We planned a double date with some good friends that had never been.  The night started out with caprese and calamari appetizers.  The caprese is always fresh and flavorful and my wife dies for the calamari.  Our friends ordered the flank steak special and the Ravioli alla Nina, the ravioli is one of our favorites.  We ordered the lasagna and the Penne de la Casa, the lasagna reminded me of a burrito but it was pasta surrounding the ricotta cheese, meat, and sauce made it so good.  My wife thought the Penne de la Casa was average for this place since she usually gets fish or the ravioli.  My usual order is the Veal Marsala and I cant say enough about that dish.  As the night wound down our fantastic server who was so funny and energetic throughout the night (place was packed!) brought us out the famous sambuca shot with the 3 coffee beans that represent past, present, & future.  Because we could remember what the beans were for our waiter brought us out another round and of course we had them all on fire!  We could have spent hours there just drinking and having fun but we had friends holding our seats for the UFC fight at a bar nearby.  Our server quickly ran our check and sent us on our way.  I have to say that Tutti Santi is one of the best date night places in the North West Valley, the atmosphere is beautiful and the food is just awesome.  I have been here many times for birthdays, anniversaries, and just regular date night and we always enjoy ourselves.
5	Authentic italian in the desert?  That is what I thought before I came to this place, what a delight.  Matteo and his family are great host's and if you want to know what food in italy taste's like, you need to visit Tutti Santi.  The Ravioli is something special and try the wines, have Matteo recommend you one from his old neighborhoods in Italia.
3	Let me preface by saying I'm not one to seek out Italian food for din din.  We had a family dinner and this was a restaurant in the middle of where everyone lives. We have been to the one on 64th and Greenway for a birthday before as well, so we were a little familiar.  This restaurant (Glendale) is quite larger than the one in Scottsdale and decorated beautifully.  The staff was very friendly and courteous.  The app menu was a little weird.  Some apps were suited for 2 people and others were suited for our table of 8.  Meaning, if you and a date wanted the carpaccio or the calamari, it would be enough for a meal, but the Ravioli plate only came with 4.  Also, don't miss out by reading the menu too fast - the apps are separated by cold and hot.  i.e. there are two sections on the first page.  We ordered both the carpaccio and the calamari by request of our waiter and were pleased with both.  The portion sizes are decent and not too large.  Plus they offered a shot of sambucca at the end of the meal, on the house.  Overall not bad, but it was a little pricey for the quality and portion sizes.  ($10.95 for the Ravioli app).
2	To start, I'm ONLY giving this place 2 stars because the service wasn't terrible. Also, if more people in Phoenix reviewed we could probably avoid most of these overpriced robberies. I ordered a cocktail that was actually pretty good. Something with sparkling wine and muddled sage I believe. My Mom had a mango martini. That was also pretty good. They are apparently 'known for their martinis'. Though I find it really hard to believe that they're known for anything. As an appetizer we had caprese. It was 12 bucks and came with four tomato slices that were not ripe, four pieces of impostor buffalo mozzarella and a flake of basil. Hands down the worst I have ever had. Next came the salads. These were made up of a few greens and half a tomato. Seriously? For my entree I ordered a mixed veggie type pasta with oil and garlic. 20 bucks down the drain. My boyfriend had the 'special' which was Cioppino. It was 36 dollars and his stomach is feeling ever dollar of it. We took our left overs because we just do that and don't want to be wasteful. On the way home the smell of it was so bad we had to pull over to toss it out. This place is a crock. They couldn't get me to eat here again at fast food prices. For 4 people (And only 2 cocktails) our bill came out to 180 bucks. What a rip off.
4	I had a version of a beef wellington that the owner recommended and it was delicious. I was surprised to see some bad reviews on yelp but we know the owners and always get whatever they recommend. We'll be back, I like their food and their service has always been good. It is a bit pricey but we've always had a good experience.
3	We went to Tutti Santi tonight *hoping* for some kick-butt Italian food. We're recent NYC transplants, so good food is on our minds. Tutti Santi wasn't bad. The wine list was actually quite good. Calamari was eh, not great, but not bad. Our entrees were, again, not bad, but nothing to write (literally) home about.. and prices were, well they were NY prices. Was it better than a chain restaurant? Hell yes! Was it worth double the price? Probably. Will I continue looking for a good Italian restaurant to meet my NY standards? Yup.
5	All I can say is this place is wonderful
4	really good Italian food i go there thinking i will try something new but i can never say no to the raviolis
4	My husband and I had a really great dinner there.  Very nice presentation, good wine and cocktails and exceptionally delicious food.  My only complaint was that my husband ordered the Ciopinno, which was the special of the day.  We didn't ask the price, and when the bill came and it was $36.99, we were surprised since most entree's were $15-25. In fairness though, we didn't ask... and it WAS fantastic, served on a stainless steel skillet at the table, but our server should have mentioned the price when she listed the specials. I loved the tortellini (house specialty).  We were rather late diners, so by 9:45 pm on a Thursday, the place had cleared out and it took us 10 minutes to flag down our waitress to get us the check.  All in all, we enjoyed the restaurant, and will likely be back.
5	Pizza is great! Angel hair super good!
5	We have been coming here for years. Every time we come here we realize that this is truly the best Italian restaurant in the valley. We are done being adventurous about trying Italian restaurants. When we want Italian this is the place. Its fun. Great ambiance. Not its not pricey for what you get. Love it. Excellent service.
3	We were the first customers in and service was fantastic. We are uncertain if that was the reason. Water was kept filled the entire time. The food came out quick and hot.The first course was Calamari and it had a great texture. The marinara sauce provided a good compliment. Hubby ordered the linguine with fresh clams. The dish was tasty. It could have used a tad bit more linguine. I had the tortellini Rosa. It was OK but a little salty for my taste. We shared the tiramisu which was the highpoint and simply put, perfect. Needless to say I found the price too high as just traveling from New York all last week I ate at some top notch one off non chains that were better, and better priced. I probably won't return for future dining here.
3	Had a business dinner here Tuesday night. I love that it is near the Hilton Pointe Squaw Peak. It is tucked in the corner of a strip mall, you could almost miss it. Just look for the giant green Galleghar's sign and it is in that same parking lot.Just order the ravioli. Best thing on the menu. At $16.95 it is the least expensive thing on the menu and it's the best. The meal comes with soup or salad, I opted for a simple green house salad. My colleague ordered a ceasar salad, that was$4.95 extra. They also serve a tasty garlic bread.We ordered a stuffed mushroom appetizer. The veal sauce reduction was delicious. The Stuffing was made of sausage and was quite tasty. The only drawback was that the mushrooms were "springy."My plate of ravioli, mushroom appetizer and glass of house Cabernet came up to $36.00. I thought was not bad considering this is an expensive area.
2	Over rated! Food is like eating in carrabas or some fast food place. Bartender is snobby! Never coming back!
5	Tutti Santi is amazing! The waitstaff is very attentive. The food is phenomenial! I had the chichken della casa with asparagas & mushrooms. It was tender & moist. The only thing that I didn't like was the penne that accompanied the dinner. The cheese sauce it came with didn't really go with the rest of the chicken. I look forward to going back there next time I'm in the area.
5	My wife and I have enjoyed Nina's cooking for years.  Met Nina at the Bell and 36th Street location before the 51 took it out.  Best Italian food in town, 5 stars on the Ravioli, 5 stars on the fried calamari, 4 stars on the salad, but what the heck, it's just salad.  Actually 5 stars on everything, including the wait staff!
5	Superb service. Guys were so nice and the food delicious!!!  Definitely will go again!!!
5	Fantastic food, great company, friendly and Relaxing.
5	Very tasty!
4	Tutti Santi is excellent Italian food in an relaxed upscale setting.  The service is great.  You feel attended to but not rushed or hovered over.  The menu is not extremely extensive and healthy choices are somewhat limited.  What they do offer is delicious.  Highly recommended.
5	Came here for a work dinner- excellent excellent food. great ambiance and service. Was told it is a hot spot on the weekends. Did I say how excellent the food is? Can't go wrong with this one.
4	Good. Large place plenty of parking  my only complaint was our large group made reservations we walk in the place and its totally empty and they had us wait for over 10mins, really?
3	The service was excellent, however the food was just ok. My wife's salmon and pasta was good, buct my lasagna was watery.The wait staff and busers were very good.I thought the prices were out of line with the quality of the food.
5	Great food, excellent service. Love sitting outside too when the weather is nice. A great go-to place in the neighborhood!
1	One word..."Ewww".... It seems typical that americans think garbage is authentic italian cuisine .... just sad.....Italian is truly amazing, when done right, and clearly at first bite, this place doesn't....Anyone who is "truly" italian, or has traveled there abroad, would Never recommend this place (let alone give it 4 stars).... bc it would be like recommending "Taco bell" as great or authentic mexican....However, the staff was extremely friendly, and the atmosphere was okay.... so i will give 1 star
5	The Top, Number One, Er Mejo!Tutti Santi is by far the best Italian restaurant on the westside, if u havent had the pleasure to dine @ this fine establishment yet make this the first choice on ur next time dining out. The Resort casual attire is as easy as getting there just off of 59th ave its plaza is as elegant as the restaurant inside. Great Great Great Authentic Italian recipes and family!!!!!
3	Overall a "nice" dinner place.  Clean and impressive looking with outdoor seating.  My dad and I shared a carpaccio appetizer that was quite good.  Good wine list.  He went with the orange roughy which he raved about (he even sought out the Manager to compliment him).  I had the veal canneloni.  While it was probably prepared as it should be, be warned that it's VERY creamy.  Cream doesn't sit well with me and the menu said 'a dash of cream', which I felt was a bit misleading.  I got a bit sick after eating it.  Not their fault, really - it's just a sensitivity I have to creamy foods.  I will have to try something else on the menu next time.Our waiter was a bit quiet and stand-offish but fairly attentive overall.  We skipped dessert but he brought a shot of sambuca with little coffee beans in it at no charge (those "little" things restaurants do are kinda nice, no?).Outdoor seating overlooks the shopping center, but as shopping centers go, it was a nice one (trees, etc).A solid B- for Tutti Santi.
5	I have eaten at Tutti Santi on 16th street and am a fan. We were on the west side of town and decided to try this location. The menu is slightly different, however the food was equally as delicious and the service was really great. My dining companion had a salmon/mushroom/asparagus spaghetti and I had orange roughy in the divine lemon caper sauce-triple yum. Both meals were outstanding.
1	Poor Experience and way overpriced for the quality of food and service.  I might think about going back if the Olive Garden were closed.  The Service was poor, servers circled and were shooting the bull at the bar, had to go find the server to get the check.  It was so hot we sweat so much the booth was wet when we left ...yuk.  The pasta tasted overcooked and cheap, and my steak was full of fat, overcooked on one half and raw on the other.  $150 dollars for two for a bad experience and mediocre food at best.  What a let down, wish I could take it back.
4	First visit last night.  Food was excellent - two entrees - linguine w/clams and eggplant - both outstanding.  Superb wine list.  Service extremely professional and friendly.  Waiter very helpful and anxious to please without being overbearing.  Not inexpensive but worth every penny.  We will go again.
5	If you want Olive Garden go to Olive Garden. Tutti Santi is better quality and is very delicious in my opinion. The service and quality of the food we have eaten there makes this place one of our new favorites for really good Italian food. Do I recommend? Well yes I do!
2	There are people who are going to travel to Italy at some point in their lives, and others who are from metropolitan areas around the USA who  have experienced much better Italian food than this. I'm certainly not  a 1 percenter, or snob or whatever, but I have a valid basis for comparison. Tutti Santi is good relative to whats around the West Valley. But it falls far short of excellence.Lets begin with the appetizers. My wife and I were going to share the mussels and clams in red sauce. Of course I realize that getting fresh seafood in the Southwest is difficult. Allow for the fact that seafood on the east or west coast should always be fresh. But the mollusks brought to our table were badly decomposed. I tried a mussel and a clam and spit both out. I wanted to try the sauce by dipping the bread in it, but the rotting taste was even imparted into that. I returned the dish and asked the waiter to advise the kitchen. I think my advice was ignored because I saw more of the same coming out of the kitchen, no doubt to smiling future five star reviewers.  Our friends ordered the calamari in white sauce. It tasted alright but the calamari was chewy. There is a secret to cooking tender calamari. I would tell you what it is, but it's a secret.Veal parm is not on the menu but I ordered it anyway and there was no problem getting it.  It was tender but the two small pieces were paper thin. I love veal but I couldn't taste it at all. The sauce was great though. Tangy, sweet and garlicky, I liked it a lot. The cheese however was a thin round slice, like Krogers sliced provolone.  The spaghetti side was a small portion but fresh if a bit dry.  Look. Raise the price of the dish a few bucks and serve a robust piece of meat and ample fresh mozzarella. The wife had the seafood and broad noodle dish. Earthy tasting and overcooked shrimp and company. She hardly touched it. The Tri pasta dish my friend had was OK but the cream was heavy. The chicken parm was similar to the veal. The table bread had lousy taste and texture and was brought to the table without butter. We just put it to the side and forgot about it. OK, this isn't Arthur Ave.(Da Bronx) but awful bread at an Italian restaurant is really lame.I'm sorry Tutti fans.  Even though it is good for the West Valley, and better than Buca or Tagliones or Olive Garden (ugh), Tutti misses the mark by a disappointingly wide margin.
5	This is our favorite date night place. The food and the staff have always been awesome.
5	We really enjoy this place and don't come as often as we would like. The sauces are unreal and we haven't had a bad meal yet. The staff is attentive and the setting is nice.
5	Loved it. Nice atmosphere. Food was excellent. Service was fantastic. Our waiter was patient and informative. Can't wait to go back and try some other menu items.
1	Stuffy, pretentious and not even close to delicious. Went there for dinner.  Got seated in the dining room as far away from every other customer.  Only to be neglected for 10 mins before seeing a server.  The food came. Mushroom app was disgusting and chewy.  Pasta Sauce was bland.  Wife and I split our meal because we eat small portions.  Server brought bread plates to share with.  Not sure plates get any smaller.  Really?  Maybe dishwasher was on vacation.  Would not recommend this place to unless you really like the smell of stale seafood, because the restaurant smells like the belly of a fishing boat.
3	Nice place. Everyone friendly and helpful. Can't remember our waiter's name, but he was very knowledgeable about the menu and made several good suggestions.Food was good. I ordered a pasta dish (gee...WHAT a surprise!). I plan to try something more adventurous next time.The only reason this place get three stars is for the very loud noise level. Didn't know (as this was my first visit) they have live music in the bar area. It was a quartet and actually played very well and at a nice volume to enjoy dinner. The singer, on the other hand, thought she was in Carnegie Hall. Waaay too loud (and not always on key). It was almost a shouting match to have simple dinner conversation. I'm sure the dining room side of the restaurant thought the volume was okay. I'll be back. Just not on Friday or Saturday night...unless I'm ready for a loud bar atmosphere.
2	I was really hoping this place would be great, based on the good reviews. Our group did go a little on the later side, about 8:30 p.m. We waited almost an hour for our dinner to arrive. We did get drinks and appetizers to pass the time. The stuffed mushrooms and bruschetta were very good. A lot of the things we ordered weren't really what we expected though--the wine ordered was not the correct red wine; I got a salad when I asked for soup; we didn't get bread, the pasta was very al dente, almost hard; and I asked for linguine in my dish (spaghetti Vesuvani) but they used spaghetti anyway. I don't like to complain much, but there was a whole lot of wrong that went into that meal. The restaurant is not very easy to find; unless you know exactly where you are going, it is easily missed. The only sign is among a group of other names like most plazas/strip malls.
5	My husband and I love this place. We took my parents there recently for my mom's birthday and they loved it!  We all ordered the evenings specials. The creamy asparagus soup was amazing. Hats off to the chef for the amazing flavors and to the table service staff for being attentive but not over bearing. We will continue to recommend this place because we have yet to have a bad experience.
5	Very good food and nice ambience
2	I must preface this by saying that I don't normally leave bad or mediocre reviews for restaurants but felt I should share my experience. I'm not angry or hostile, I just was expecting a lot more from this restaurant especially on as big a holiday for restaurants as Valentine's Day. And note that we were there about 6pm which was quite a bit earlier than the normal crowd.I had gone to Tutti Santi in phoenix about 10 years ago and remembered that I liked it so I planned a valentine's day dinner for me and my wife. Overall, the experience was decent. The wait staff was working really hard so I am not faulting them for the experience. It is just that I was expecting much better food for the price. The holiday menu was significantly different than their regular menu posted online.Calamari/shrimp appetizer - Fried with a tempura batter. The shrimp was actually great but the calamari was tough and rubbery. They also would benefit from a dip that was designed specifically for that dish instead of just their standard marinara. Not worth the $17 price at all.Cheese tortellini in a type if Alfredo sauce - Definitely seemed like the dish was just thrown together without any care or thought of presentation. It had decent flavor as expected of alfredo but nothing to write home about. This was priced around $24 but should have been $10 tops.We left with a feeling that we would not go back because we can get better food for half the price elsewhere.
2	My wife and I decided to go to Tutti Santi for Valentine's dinner.  It turned out to be a mistake.  I read online how good it was, but it was not.  First, they ran out of Lobster Ravioli.  How in the world can you run out of anything on Valentine's night at 8:30pm?  Preparation obviously was ill-conceived.  After having to pick something else on the menu, we were very un-impressed with the taste and quality of the food.  Second, after making a reservation, we still had to wait 30mins.  I understand a short wait, but 30 mins?  That just does not seem right.Lastly, service took forever and my order was incorrect.  Awesome...way to go.  Maybe the restaurant is normally really good, but with what happened on Valentine's night, I will be telling friends and colleagues to avoid it. I am sorry to have to leave a bad review, but Tutti Santi, you really need to catch back up with the Italian roots as well as prepare and produce food like you should.Cheers!
5	This is our second time at Tutti Santi in two weeks. We are visiting Glendale for the month and the food brought us back. The food is affordable, tasty, and flavorful. And, the service has been great!
3	The place was beautiful. The service was nice. The price was affordable. We weren't that impressed with the food though. I'm not sure what it was lacking, but my wife and I felt the food to be a little bland.
3	Everything about this place seems very upscale. And we did not have any issues there. We actually really had a good time, interacting with the one-man-band. But nothing about the food justifies their prices. Considering the upscale setting, we expected much more. The food and service were goode. I guess we just expected it to be exceptional and therefore were a bit disappointed.
3	Closed for remodeling until Nov 2014. And I was so excited to try this place tonight :(
1	Went there several weeks ago. I was not impressed. Food was bland, over priced.  Will not return. The evening we went the place was dead.I see why.
5	Best original Italian restaurant in town!  Great food, wonderful servers...Have eaten here several times with my family and it is always consistent and delicious!
4	My wife and I ate dinner here last night and we ordered the bruschetta appetizer and it was excellent. After that we had the shrimp scampi & the cannelloni which were both excellent. Very traditional italian cuisine and ambiance. Overall the food was excellent. Our waiter was a little distant a little standoffish and distracted. My wife and I eat out alot and we would rate this restaurant very good.
