5	This is the best non-huge lounge club in Las Vegas. The drinks are pricey but the crowd is right sort... It can range from easy to impossible to get in but in general, this is a good place to come if you don't feel like waiting in line for a million years to get squashed between people and their drinks.
4	We were staying at the MGM and wanted to grab a couple of drinks on a Thursday night.  We came in when the club opened and sat at the bar.  We ended up conversing with everything from a 72 year old Lamborghini dealer from Arizona to a 38 year old margarita drinker from Wales.  My sister in law and I laughed our ass off.  we had so much fun and enjoyed the ambience so much that we ended up at the strip clubs.  What a great time.We tried to go back on Saturday evening after a crappy experience at Tao and found a long line.  Best to get to this place early as it is small and gets a crowd quickly.
5	Wooo!From the crowd, music, drinks, bartenders, cocktail waitresses, to the music, Tabu was HOT!! Of all the bars and clubs we went to, we had the most fun here. If you're a girl, they'll let you dance on the VIP tables and the bouncers will fend the gross ppl away for you. CARDIO!!
3	We somehow ended up bypassing the long line (thank you very much bouncer man) and I was instantly transported into some non-descript loungey yuppie bar. (Wasn't my idea to come here in the first place, I just went along with the group.)If you want hot 20-something sorority girls complete with frats boys - this is your place. (and this wasnt spring break season - it was the week after the 4th of July)If you want something with a shred of character - forget it.Oh and the drinks are super expensive and not very strong. Go figure when you're in a tourist town.
5	Pseudo-stripper haven!!!  Happened upon this place with four friends a few weeks ago.  There was a long line but a guy gave us passes that allowed us to skip the line and have the cover charge waived.  There was little room inside but my friend convinced one of the bouncers to let us hang at a reserved VIP table until the party who had it arrived (they never showed!!!).  Got to dance (protected by velvet ropes & said bouncer) on the table showing off all my "moves".  Only in Las Vegas (sigh).
4	Small, intimate ultra-lounge in the MGM that I like a lot. The vibe is very upbeat and the music is always great at this place. Definitely a dancing place for the ladies as well (they can get up on the tables and shake that @$$) which provides some great viewing. As with almost every Vegas club or lounge, the bartenders and cocktail waitress are gorgeous and for the most part friendly and provide good service. For a fun alternative to the super big clubs, Tabu is a good spot to check out.
4	Now this is more like it.  If you're looking to get your drink and dance on in Vegas then skip the mayhem of Pure and head here.  Of course it depends on which night of the week it is.  I've been on a Wednesday two years running, and it was less crowded this time but still fun.  Best bet...talk to someone who knows what's up to find out which place is happening on a given night.
3	Tabu was the origional ultra lounge in Las Vegas, and it remains a super fun place to go out. The place is super small compared to other clubs in town and even other lounges! Everything you have heard about the lighting and the moving tables is true, and yes after a couple cocktails it is fun to play with. They have different themed nights so the music varies. It is another hot spot in Las Vegas so dress up and get there early if you don't have a table.
4	i was at Tabu in August and it was definitely one of the better places I've been.  it's a pretty small place but the crowd was great and getting a drink at the bar was no problem at all.  the music was good, the bartenders and doormen were all very accommodating and the drinks were reasonably priced.the one downside, was the wait.  i think we were in line for almost an hour.  though Tabu is easier to get in to than Studio 54.i will definitely be back.
4	I've been here a few times and every time we go here there's always a line.  Luckily, I know someone who can just let me in without having to wait.  It's a good spot to go to for good music and drinks.  There's really no wait as the servers are very good at seeing their customers.  I also like the fact that I don't have to always dress to impress.  I can come in with Jeans and a cute shirt, and that will be enough.  The only thing is that, like every place in Vegas, drinks are pricey.
5	Been here twice and I love it! My friends and I always get right in ( i refuse to wait in line for anything). This place is a little more classy than the average club, meaning....you don't have to dress like a hooker to get a drink from the bartender or anyone else. And you won't have sketchy guys humping your leg. Both times the DJ was good, had a great time dancing!  The place has a great atmosphere, and the drinks were tasty. Expensive but the men that come here actually buy girls drinks so I wouldn't worry about it too much. Just a super classy fun place to go dance, have a couple drinks and if you're single meet young businessmen who don't look like they just came out of jail.
4	I actually liked this place more than LAX.  Its a smaller venue that was easy to get in.   There were some pretty damn hot chicks in this place.  But as usual I got stuck with the uglies.  After drinking a storm I went to play $25 BJ and won $500.  Thank god because the next night LAX and the stripper took that all away.  WOOT!
2	This place wasn't bad...worked to get our group inside without paying for cover...music was decent...a lil too much britney at times but when your drunk you dance to whatever crap the dj playsdrinks were pricey like anywhere else on the stripMinus one star because the bouncers can kiss my ass..how do you kick out someone for looking at somebody else 'wrong' and say we were trying to start something when we PAID to sit down at a table and not let me close my tab at the bar?
3	It's Vegas, so I forced myself out of bed at 11:45pm to celebrate my brother-in-law's sister's 21st birthday.  After a slew of long lines, trashy women and disappointing music the extended family (in from Milwaukee) stumble into Tabu.  Even though I would have liked all hip-hop, the mash up mix of rock and pop suited our mid western party fabulously.  Since I'm not really dancing (again no hip hop)  I hit the bar.  Holy crap!  This must have been the first drink I actually paid for because I was  floored.  Did he just say $14.00 for a Jager Bomb???I guess that's just Vegas for you.  And like all trips to Vegas - this one too has a story.  I know that Jesus says that all good deeds should be done in secret, but this good deed deserves to be told - because unfortunately, at one point in time, all of us will experience the pain and embarrassment of puking in our hands at a club.  So, I just finished my $14.00 shot and I notice this very pretty girl sitting on the couch in the corner in a red dress.  She's got her hands to her face and is hunched over.  Poor girl is make a soup of vomit in her hands and it's overflowing all over her red dress.  Apparently when I'm drinking I not only have the urge to break up bar fights, I also like to rescue lonely drunk girls.  I grab some napkins and a cup and approach on my white horse.  Now all cleaned up and sent home with a friend a gentleman needing a rest from the dance floor casually walked right over to the barf infused coach and took comfort in its warmth.I didn't have the heart to tell him he was relaxing in red dresses' breakfast, lunch and dinner
1	I had a horrible time at Tabu last night, and my evening would have been ruined had I not ended up at Pure.I was with one other girl and two guys, and we were already staying at MGM. They were handing out passes so we figured we'd just go to Tabu since lines to get into clubs were long everywhere and cover was free for girls and $10 for guys.The line wasn't that bad when we got there at about 11, but it was definitely slow moving. I went to the front and asked if we could go into the VIP line as we were staying at MGM - answer was a curt "No, please get in the general admission line."I wasn't happy, especially as service was so nice the night before at Tryst, but my group waited in line anyway because we didn't want to have to try and get to another hotel, and there was a special event at Studio 54 for the boxing match after party.The guest list and VIP lines were moving much faster. What was weird was that I think I saw the bouncer reject a bribe from three people trying to cut in line. He also told us that the club was to capacity.My party discussed leaving the line but we were already at the front. Finally they let us in, and honestly, that was a MISTAKE. I was not at all impressed by anything - not the tiny space, the decor, nor the people. It's supposed to be a trendy lounge, but people were walking around in orange T-shirts and khakis. The music was awful. Nothing that you could really dance to at all.I really didn't think it could be so bad. Maybe it was just too crowded but there was nowhere to go and dance, as the tables to dance on were all roped off for VIP events and all that was left were the walkways. (The female bartender was pretty, if that matters to some guys.)Looking now at the promo image for Tabu: I wouldn't have even recognized it as the same locale! All I can recall is the bad service, the not-at-all Hollywood crowd (to put it nicely) and bad music that made me leave after 20 minutes. I will never be back again.
2	Pretty lame for a vegas bar.  I guess I was expecting more for my $20 cover.  And the $7 bud lights after your cover are unecessary.  The decor was alright but nothing I haven't seen before at home.
1	This place is horrible.  I don't know why we waited in line for 45+ minutes for this place.  The bouncers are rude, the people are ugly and the music sucks.  Our group left after probably 20 minutes (too long).  Don't waste your time.  Many better places.
3	The only reason why I came was because I only had to pay $50 for my two bottles. Besides that, it's kind of generic inside and our table waitress wasn't very good--at least not as good as the one we had the night before at the Bank. I can't imagine why anyone want to go in if not to get bottle service. It's getting three stars because of the pour it myself bottle service (I had to ask for a shaker, mind you.) It would get less if I was forced to go here.
3	Nice place overall...they have many booths for seating, although it's for bottle service reserves only. I somehow expected something better, but instead it was just mediocre. The dance areas are a little small and scattered; they were in between seating areas in the club/lounge. I think I might've liked this place more had they played Hip/Hop R&B music instead of house. They have a nice bar area and drinks were free for ladies till midnight...nice, very nice. But it's not like ladies have a problem getting free drinks in Vegas anyway, if you know what I mean. I didn't take advantage of the free drinks on the house because I thought it'd be funny to let the guys pay for it since it seems they didn't know we could get it for free. The light features on the bar were pretty interesting in a trippy kind of way; when we put our drinks down, it looked like they were moving. No, I was not drunk. Ladies, if you do want to come here, just walk around the hotel casino and you will find someone giving out VIP passes, which also admit guys at a "reduced price."
3	a promoter stopped my girlfriends and i to go to tabu and that he would get us on the guestlist and straight in, with no wait. so that was cool =) the music was good, very loud but absolutely no place to dance! we danced in a small walkway anyway. there were a lot of people smoking which made me kind of afraid our hair would catch on fire or something. the crowd was pretty mixed. im not sure if i would go again though
3	got in for free. would never pay to party here.everyone there had a "table".i can't believe they paid for it.the drinks were strong, the decor is nice, the music is okay. i can't imagine spending hours here.
2	I can't give this place more than 2 stars because I didn't like it, and I got in free AND got free drinks....that should make me love it.  It actually is more of a 1 star place, but it's decent looking inside.  The second star was really for the random grape tasting vodka drinks we had, they were tasty!  but still....I agree that it's really surprising that someone would buy a table here.  there were 21, maybe 22 year old guys in blazers and khakis and equally lame barely 21 year old girls trying to get their attention by dancing on their table...and then breaking a glass all over.  The crowd was bottom of the Vegas barrel.... it was a Thursday, but it seemed like everyone there was new to drinking and clubs.  Or they hadn't been to a club since the 70's....either way, I got a good enough buzz from my free drinks to laugh at everything, and then leave.
4	I'm giving Tabu 4 stars, but that's based on you getting in for free, which will rarely happen if you are a guy.  Basically, Tabu is a club for people who don't like big clubs.  It's small, and it's super nice, but people are still dancing, drinking, and having a good time.  I liked the vibe in here when I went on a Monday night, but with a cover charge, you'll find me elsewhere.
4	We came here for a gathering. I only had a little food, but the decor was very nice.
3	Tabu was kind of disappointing.It looks great on the outside and gives you a feeling of exclusiveness when entering. Upon entering though the door staff does it's job well, maybe too well as the lounge is usually quite uncrowded and only filled with good looking patrons. Not saying it's a bad thing, but when you want to party... think about a club first, then lounge second.
4	This place has a really nice look inside. The lighting is interesting. The decor was lavish with everything colored a sultry red. This is a pretty small place compared to the other ultra clubs in vegas. However, the big let down was the crowd. The people that were there on a saturday night were a bit old for my liking. Seemed like a lot of middle aged people trying to seem young again. It's kinda creepy when you see a 70+ year old man dancing on the dance floor. Overall i did end up having an awesome experience with lots of good drinks and great music. The main draw to this place is if you want a nice place to be with friends without being packed like sardines in a place like pure or tao. Also since we had a bunch of guys, this was much easier and cheaper to get into. So for ease of entry, great music and great drinks, 4 stars. minus 1 for the old people.
3	Nice feel. Loved the leather, loved the bar, and the lounge area behind the bar. That's where the love ends. The dance floor was definitely too small, and what really takes this place to three star-status is the acoustics. They were really bad. Even though you were surrounded by sound, the quality was tinny.  They had a decent DJ spinning, he played good music but he wasn't that great the transitions...So maybe it was the DJ and not the acoustics but either way, it left me unimpressed. There are no go-go dancers but the "tables" in the private roped-off areas are low enough and strong enough to support several girls. So there's definitely entertainment to be had, either ogling and drooling or betting on whether the brunette's going to pop out of her top before the blonde does. Or you can do the roger rabbit and try to clear a space for you and your friends on the dance floor.
2	I've definately found better places in Las Vegas and in MGM for that matter. This place only really won our choice of destination because the line at Studio 54 was too long. I'm not for the smoking in Bars (heck I'm spoiled in CA and I love that) especially when the place is small and there's little relief. The music selection was decent but some of the mixes and transitions were definately lacking. The  dance floor was way too small but I always have my booty shake to make room. The $10 cover for girls wasn't horrible (It's Las Vegas after all).I didn't buy a drink so I can't speak about that. The bathroom ...hmm I don't remember being turned off or disgusted so I guess it was ok.
5	My friends and I were heading over to Pure, but we were stopped by a promoter who convinced us (quite easily) to check out Tabu.  Hey - they offered us a free table with bottle service, so how could we resist?  The place was relatively empty when we went in around 11, but the couches were comfy, the music was good, and the Kettle One made me extra happy.  After awhile, we left and went to our original destination, but since Tabu is an after-hours club...we came back at 3 a.m. and found the place to be PACKED.  The music was amazing - they had switched from hiphop to techno/trance...I was in heaven.  To top it off, the drinks here are reasonably priced, unlike everywhere else in Vegas, so I was able to sip on some more oj/vodka ($8) without damaging the wallet too much.
3	Came after Studio 54, fun but much smaller than a club.  Don't remember that much because it was like 3:30 am and it was my 3rd club that nite.  But the bar and loungy areas were cute and comfortable.  Nice if you wanted to be in a smaller, more of a bar feeling club.  I would go again.  Clearly not that exciting or I would have written more.  But better than some.
3	It's a nice little ultra-lounge inside of the MGM.  The bartenders are good and they pour a good drink.  Don't expect to dance here.  They used to have a nice little dance floor but most of it got gobbled up by bottle service tables.  You can still dance but that's your 1.5 foot square and this ones mine...haha.  Somehow, this place still gets a nice crowd.  It's a nice change from the super crowded mega clubs.
4	This place is the spot! Not only do we enjoy goin there to see our FAVE bartender Will, but I love the environment!! It never gets TOO crowded in there which is great. Music's dope. Im a huge fan of Tabu. haha
1	This place is horrible!! We should have know that when we got free passes to go there. It was our first night in Vegas and we figured we'd check it out since we were staying at the MGM. Our guy friend got kicked out for- get this After washing his hands in the bathroom there was no garbage can so he tossed his paper towel in the women's bathroom. He got kicked out, even before that the bouncers were way rude! I would never go here and trust me there are far better places you could spend your money at.
2	the first time i came to this lounge was in 2006, i was already inebriated so i had a awesome time, met this cute guy and what not we hit it off, needless to say he bought me a drink instead of getting a cosmo, sex on the beach or a midori sour i asked for water, LOL. Partied with my mom and sister and we had a blast.August 2008 went to vegas with my boyfriend and our friends and had an amazing time, however going here again i had high expectations, so i havent seen my best friend in 2 years so we tried to get in but to our disappointment  the bounce made us wait for at least 5 mins there was no line to get in but he let this blonde, fake silicone boobs in before us, can you say whack!! terrible service on the bouncers part.
5	This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas.  It's very classy actually for a club, and I disagree that you shouldn't expect to dance.  We were dancing MACHINES here!  Dancing by the bar, dancing in the aisles, dancing on top of the tables!  The tables get lit up bright white and if you clear the champagne bottles off you can just get right up there and dance as if you're on a stage.  Also, their house vodka shots are only $10.  (Only, ha!)  I mean it beats the $12 at other clubs.  Also I loved their music, the bartenders were super nice and the people here were all very cool.  We got in free through a promoter... who was actually working at the alternate entrance to Studio 54, it's on the second floor next to the doors for the bridge over the strip.  His job was to get people over to Tabu.  So you can trust him, he will in fact get you in for free.  I think he gets paid per person that comes in.  Plus Tabu made a lot of money off us that night... my friend bought freakin EIGHT mojitos the second she walked in.  Who drinks mojitos?!  Then, my other friend thought they were just "mint water" since he'd never had a mojito before, and made his girlfriend drink it to "sober up."  Hahaha!  Needless to say, it did not work, and she spent an hour in the MGM casino restroom, asleep next to the toilet.
4	The music on Halloween was SO good! The bartender made my Washington Apple killer, so I loved every sip of it. The only down side to that night was, my friend put his drink down to fix his shirt because it was so tight on the dance floor... Didn't know it was a VIP table, and so the host of that booth said he was stealing his drinks... My friend's drink was an Adios and clearly, it was SO the color of blue that the VIP table had nothing there that was blue at all! So the bouncers came because, I guess the guy had a fit and was so drunk to even realize that my friend's drink did not come from his share of bottle service. I looked over and all they had was cranberry juice, orange juice and some dark substance... None of those could make a BLUE AMF mixed drink. All and all, the VIP guy won and tried to accuse him of stealing a water bottle (I didn't see any on the table either!) and so my friend had to leave. I didn't get to dance to the rest of the awesome music there because it'd be pretty mean to leave my friend out. But I bet it woulda been fun!
4	Never been here with the girls but I've been a few times with my fiance.  This place is great if you don't want to deal with some of the bigger ultra clubs.  The line wasn't long and I've always gotten in for free and my fiance has gotten in for half price cover, I think $10 bucks or so.  Make sure you grab a free pass in the lobby, just strut your stuff and should be easy.It's tiny but has ample room for dancing or just watching drunk chicks make fools of themselves on the VIP tables on either side of the dance floor.  The music is great & the DJ was hotttt.  Tabu has a wrap around bar and plenty of room to stand and drink.  The lower side also had a few chairs to pull up.  The bartenders (both male and female) were very nice and poured stiff drinks.  The drinks are slightly cheaper compared to other mega-clubs and other ultra lounges (like Blush).  The ambiance is cool and refreshing.  The back wall has projected images that change colors, textures and pictures.  It's a little bit of a trip after a few hours of drinking!I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for an alternative to a mega-club (ie. Jet, Tao, Pure etc.).  Great place to dance and drink.  Tabu never disappoints.  Check it out if you are looking for an alternative to the usual clubs.
3	This place... probably more of a 3.5 and I already can tell I wouldn't come here unless it was an off night.It was a Thursday night and majority of the group had arrived in Vegas. We weren't looking to go all out but wanted to drink up and relax. I suggested Tabu since it was in the hotel (we all stayed at MGM). None of us were dressed up and luckily when we asked the guy in front what the dress code was, he said they weren't strict that night. Also there was no cover for that night :)The place itself isn't big but the lounge area was comfortable and for our mood, the whole place fit the bill. That's why I wouldn't want to go there on a happening night because the wait in line would probably be ridiculous (unless you have a table). However, most of the club (almost like half) is closed off by ropes for VIP section and it was the nicer lounge section too.Thursday night proved to be more of a low key night and very chill. The drinks were pretty strong, the bartenders were very attentive, and the music was good. It was a good, relaxing night watching the drunk girls (who thought they could dance) dance all over the place. haha
5	I was VERY impressed with Tabu. Its not one of those huge warehouse clubs with a million people banging into you constantly. The bartender was knowledgeable and friendly. We called to get on the guest list ahead of time, and that worked out quite well. There was dancing (although the floor was small) and the DJ was good. It had an older crowd the night we were there (25-35). I would suggest Tabu to people who are looking for a combined dance/lounge experience, and I would suggest calling in ahead of time to see what they have going on that night .
2	I fail to see why this place is called Tabu ULTRA Lounge. Inside the MGM, it was a convenient night spot for us because we were already staying there.The line was short and somehow, we didn't make our way on the guestlist (a mistake on their end I'm sure). Once inside, it was quite crowded, with most of the loungy type seats not being used but just taking up space. It was hard for anyone to get our boogie on, but my group somehow pushed and elbowed enough people out of the way to the point where one could do the butterfly.The music was alright, though I felt it catered to 30 somethings more than young 20 somethings. I guess if I plan on coming back here, I will need to drink much more.
4	Just got back from Vegas with my friend and I and on our first night we hit this place up. She and I have come to the conclusion that we're not much nightclub fans being that we don't have the cash for tables and we don't want to stand up and dance to shitty music. Now this place, was much different. We love lounges but hello, this place is amazing! You can lounge AND dance. Our bartender was super nice, unlike most of the assholes in Vegas and we got great drink deals. We danced the night away from probably 11 to 2. Met some European people and had a good time with them.. except for this really chubby girl (no offense but the girl just didn't put herself together well) and she kept using her finger to try and draw me in. GROSS, NO THANKS.Other than that, I will DEFINITELY be back to this place. So much fun, especially for a Thursday night! Great music too, I forgot to add. I was shocked, every song that came on I was dancing to in my seat or on the dancefloor. Then I look up and realize the DJ is middle aged! Hilarious!
2	Ambiance and service are fine.  But to charge $475 for a bottle of Grey Goose at this place is ridiculous.  Here's a list of places I would rather buy a bottle at for that price:TrystLAXBlushXSTaoBody EnglishWasted SpaceJet The Banknot Pure but still.......
4	The Tabu is a good alternative option if you are looking for a smaller laxed atmosphere type of lounge/club. It's technically not a lounge since the tables and booths are all meant for VIP, however if they do not get sold , the general public has complete access to them. I think that is a great move on their part.  The music here is pretty much banging with a little bit of hip hop mixed in with some trance/house.  The crowd generally ranges between 25-35, a little older in comparison to most Vegas clubs. There is only one reason why I would have to take a star away from Tabu is because they can never get the guestlist right. I was placed on the guestlist, and for some odd reason I still had to go back to the line to get my ID checked. Then not to mention I still had to pay the standard cover, which I got for half price because I got a promo card from a promoter.  Overall, I had a good time here and the drinks are 'slightly' cheaper then your typical Vegas club. $10 instead of $12.I wouldn't mind using this as a B option, since other joints do rank ahead of this place.
2	This was a bad idea. Maybe if I wasn't wasted the whole time in vegas i would have realized this was a lounge and not a club. there was no dance floor so you have to pretty much get down in a walkway or isle. I saw probably the most grotesque woman ever dancing on a table. i think the only good thing about this is that i was staying at the MGM so if i wanted to lower my standards i could probably take a skag up to my room in a matter of minutes.
2	Was placed on the guest line earlier in the day by this girl who stood before the doors to the pool of MGM. The three of us got there around 11.30pm and since it was under my name I went up to the guy with the list and without even looking up he told me to stand in line!! We stood in line which was pretty short. Finally my friend asked him what the point was of being placed on the guest list and he was like "o i thought i recognized u and u were here the day before" like that makes a difference and we should pay this time? if she didn't ask we would have to pay to get in.The drinks were decently priced. The music was pretty good.Not much room to dance.A LOT OF OLD NOT HOT GUYS! And theres like a 10:1 ratio of guys to girls.
2	The place is very small and it really is just a bar. The Drinks are expensive (each round for my wife and I was $30) the setting is not as "ultra" as they would like you to believe, and I think the DJ only owns four CD's, Kanye West, Rhianna, Brittney Spears and "now thats what I call music party  mix" as he just played  the same pre-mixed set of 20 songs and when it ended he would just loop it.Here is the funniest part of the whole thing. They rope off the tables and reserve it for bottle service, problem arises when no one buys the tables.So the room is packed with a bunch of people standing around, there is no room to dance and no where to sit. Most of the room is taken up by the VIP sections that are empty. I thought the point of VIP is that only a small portion of the bar/club was VIP. Why is 80% of this places floor space for VIP's?Any way there are so many other better clubs or lounges in the LV. Skip this one.If you do want to go still here is a little tip. Go there at 10 when they open, there will be no line and no one there, Pay the admission, before 11 women are free, get stamped, this takes less than 2 minutes. Now leave to enjoy your evening...go to dinner, go gambling, go have drinks whatever. Go back around 12 when there is a long line and the place is packed. walk to the front show your stamp and walk right in.
2	When I got to this TABU I was already under the influence so from my memory this place was meh eh!I got in for free and was able to dance on the tables....Sorry MOM!The music was the best out of all of it! that's pretty much it!Security kept harassing my friend literally for no reason, so we just ignored them until they left him alone. I was pretty much in-n-out within 30 min!
5	I have been here on both the company sponsored level as well as the personal party level and both times I have been very pleased. My company did a few private events here in the early part of June. Three nights in a row we had this venue locked down for guest of different areas of our conference. The service was amazing, the manager was so on top of it and polite. All the staff was great to our guests and the food... OMG the food was AMAZING! The times I have been on a party level have been great too - just be ready to spend some bucks to get to sit! :)
4	the picture for the tabu makes it look bigger than it really is. it's really small, BUT the music was awesome! out of all the nightclubs i went to last weekend, this was the only place i actually danced at! i have to be a hater and say that there were alot of old people there (mommy&daddy looking), but hey, as long as i can dance, i'm happy
2	Seriously, you're a bar inside a hotel and you serve a transient clientele.  Transient as in "people who are in Vegas to party."  LOSE THE ATTITUDE!Ugh.  This is one of *those* places... you know, the kind of place that just might be cool if you're 20 and score a good fake i.d.  But, if you're over 25, run!The doormen had oodles of attitude.  I'm pretty sure the head door guy was a person I recently saw on an episode of Intervention.  That made it all the more perfect!I showed up around Midnight with my friend.  We decided not to go in after we learned the cover is $20 for women.  Seriously?  WTF?  SO NOT WORTH!!!  A dozen of my guy friends REALLY wanted to go in, and their cost was $30 a head... they got us in free, which was one of few redeaming qualities.The club is small and full of smoke.   Sure, I'm spoiled by our California laws, but my God, three days later and I still smell of stale cigarettes.  The dance floor was tiny and crowded.  There was some good energy in the crowd, but... well, whatever!We had two rounds of shots at the first bar - the bartender suggested jolly ranchers after I asked for something strong.  They were good and he gets a star just for him.  EXPENSIVE, but good.  $13 a shot!Then we went to the other room, where the bartender was a complete ass.  Seriously.  He ignored our crowd, then came over and asked as what we wanted.  When we told him, he said "I can't make that at this bar" and WALKED AWAY!  He didn't even ask if he could make us something else.  Dude, you work in a bar in a hotel.  I'm all for employment, but you're so NOT all that!The music was decent - dance music with the occasional hip hop anthem (yay for Luniz "I Got 5 On It").It was an awesome night out, but Tabu had little to do with that.  I'm being generous with the two stars.
3	Nothing turns the heads of everyone in a casino (including pit bosses) like parading  a dozen hot tattooed girls in evening dresses (and one big drag queen) through the floor on the way to the club. 3 stars because, admittedly, clubs are not my scene. We went over for a private party being thrown for the Miss Tattoo Padget girls.Lets start with the guys at the door. UNLV linebacker types no doubt brought in to cut an intimidating figure, for what reason, I don't know, this isn't a bordertown saloon.One of our friends had trouble getting in with a foreign ID, thanks for that guys.Inside, the decor was neat. I enjoined reclining in the large seating that was made available and having the girls make drinks for us while our friends danced on tables. I had no interaction with any of the bartenders as we had bottle service (thank you Jen!) and didn't interact with anyone else who was not in our party. We stayed about an hour or so before retiring to the safety and quiet of our room.Take it for what it's worth..
3	I do the "club scene" every so often.  Mostly when my out of town friends want to hit up a lively venue.I've never been to Tabu.  We decided to go.As a local, I was surprised/pleased that I got free admission.  That earns a star right there, and perhaps a cookie, if such an application were to be added to Yelp!The drinks aren't bad, the music was a mix of classic, catchy stuff, and the usual modern fare that consists of the following four phrases: "Uh", What", "Yeah", and "In Da Club".  Seriously, what is it with current "dance" music these days?The worst part of the club is that there is no feasible way to talk to anyone.  My friends were trying to engage in a conversation with two girls, and after realizing that I was screaming at the top of my lungs to be heard, I also realized that I had absolutely no idea of what they were saying.  Seriously.  You can look someone in the eye and scream "I wear a shirt made of grape jelly" or "I drive a car made of pencils", to which they'll nod and say "I totally agree" before returning to their drink.Did I try this?....Let's just say that great discoveries are not made through simple theories alone.The clientele seemed good.  A group of tourists were goodly enough to invite me to their table for some vodka and cranberry drink mixes poured from their little vases of booze.  They had extra, you see, and decided to share.  If you read this, oh new drinking friends that have long since passed, you have my appreciation.  Next round on me.I gave up on trying to scream at the bartender to close my tab, so I wrote a message on my iPhone for him to read, and that worked well.  Fast service.  Nice plus.I left the club feeling comfortable about my experience.  Completely deaf, but comfortable nonetheless.If you want drinking and dancing, it's got what you need.  Being able to converse or retaining a need to preserve your long-term hearing, not so much.Not bad.  But there are better.
2	Sometimes, our hero bypasses the line at clubs and gets in for free because he's kind of a big deal.Other times, he gets in without cover or waiting just because he acts like a big swinging dick with no regard for anyone else who's not as ballerific as he is.  Tabu was one of those times.One would expect Tabu to be a lot bigger than it is once they are inside.  Our hero had imagined it would extend behind the cashier's cage outside in the MGM Grand Casino, or be at least three times as big as it actually was.  Instead, the lounge is occupied by a lot of booths and roped off VIP tables.  Aside from a bit of dancing by random couples on top of the VIP tables -- which are fairly low to the ground -- there's not a whole lot of booty shaking here to the Top 40 play list from the DJ.Our hero left with his party after about fifteen minutes and wouldn't recommend this place or any of the other nightlife destinations at the MGM Grand.  There's definitely a lot of other better clubs on the strip at other casinos.  Boo you, Tabu!PROS:- Slightly cheaper drinks than other huge clubs in the Las Vegas area (but not really by much).CONS:- No specific dance floor area.- Not very packed with bodies for the weekend.- Too many VIP booths and not enough general seating.
4	Compared to XS at the Encore this place is much smaller, but not so small that you can't find room to hang out or feel completely cramped. Whoever designed this place did the most with what little space they were given.Compared to XS the music at Tabu was much better (but it could have been the night) and more current than what they played at XS. The staff in the front seemed kind of rude, especially the girl who takes your money (she was hot though). If you come on a busy night you may be able to scam your way in the way my cousin and brother did and if not, the cab drivers give coupons that you can use if you get in before midnight. I was very happy to hear Michael Jackson and Jackson 5 songs at Tabu during the weekend of the King of Pop's passing, unlike at XS.Overall, I like this place because its smaller than XS, seems to have better music, and definitely a younger crowd than you would find at XS though Tryst still has the best music overall.
3	My friends and I went here for after hours and it was so-so. The lounge itself is nice, but small! Music was louder than any other club I went to while I was in Vegas. There was no cover since it was after hours and I actually got a free drink by talking to the bartender for long enough. Fun spot for late night, and I had heard that Carmen Electra was there earlier that night!
3	Certainly cooler and more fun than Studio 54! I liked the vibe of this lounge - it was small but a young, fun crowd, and the music was pretty good. Bathrooms were way nicer too. Just had more character overall. Still not sure if I would make it a destination, but definitely the coolest place at the MGM!
2	not cool at all!!! the lady you pay to get in  is a bitch..the blonde one with the fake tits!!!! no room to dance .. pretty lame20 for females and 30 for guys!! not worth it.. we asked for ur money back after one minute of walking in.. didnt even buy a drink and i was still standing at the host stand when i asked for a refund and barbie said no...
4	Loved the vibe and the DJ was quite good. Its a very small place but I enjoyed it and the bartenders were actually pretty good and nice.
3	Cool little club, nothing specatcular.  Music was okay but that's more relative to the dj, and I'm not sure if he was inhouse or featured for that night only.  I would go back, however u wouldn't call it my first choice to start the mayhem when in Vegas.
4	yes, this place is SUPER tiny but it's still fun.i came here with my girl friends and had a blast. we got seated by all the single guys (which came in handy lol) and we got a discount on bottle service since it was only girls.we had a great time, the music is good, the crowd is good looking, and you forget about how tiny this place is.
3	This was the first club I went to in Las Vegas. Ladies are free before midnight. There is a VIP section with table service. After midnight, ladies are allowed to dance on the tables. This place is rather small and the dance floor isnt really one. That being said, the DJs were decent and I had a blast dancing on the tables :)
1	I didn't really enjoy this place.  Didn't like the vibe as well as other places within the MGM.  Service was really slow.  It seemed like it was trying to come accross as pretentious, but without anything to really back it up or make it truly spectacular.  Doubt we'll ever go back.
3	My boy Matt and I had a good night here back in June 2006.  Hundreds of Gladiators and Duck Farts later, we woke up at the Tropicana in a similar state as the Hangover before it even was green-lit for production.....
2	Tabu was one of the original "ultra lounges" to hit Vegas many moons ago and unfortunately has not evolved much from when it was first concieved. The lounge is small and intimate but cover is steep at $30 USD to get in. If this was Pure or Tryst, $30 is a whole other story now but hey, this is an old ultra lounge at the MGM! For you first time folks, try and get some free passes from a club promoter  and check it out. Maybe it's your speed but definetly not mine. Try and avoid the cover charge when  you can.
4	Got in for free one night because of all the massive gambling my friends were doing. No line, no cover, we were definitely there. First impression had to have been the size. It is SMALL. However,the decor is gorgeous and the music was really good. There really is no where to sit if you don't buy a bottle, but I loved the fact that the crowd was having a great time dancing in between couches and on top of tables. If I had an opportunity to go back I definitely would. Just don't make me wait in line of pay for it ; )
1	Don't pay for a bar.... that's all it is... one bar with a small circular seating area and that's it... I had more fun chatting it up with the woman in mine than going inside
3	girls got in free, but guys had to pay $15. it's not bad considering all the other lounges in vegas! i'm not a big club person at all, but i was here with all my friends, so i had a good time. they were VERY strict about sitting down, and going into certain areas that you're not suppose to. but they don't segregate those areas or even put up a sign or anything! so how are we suppose to know except by getting yelled at numerous times??
3	A little on the smaller side for lounges in Vegas but Tabu was not bad at all.  The dance floor is no more than 15 ft. x 15 ft. so don't expect a big dance floor to boogie on.  Maybe there was more real estate to this lounge that I didn't know about?   It was nice that we were able to get bottle service and VIP for free.  The music will vary depending on the DJ spinning at the time but I enjoyed the good mixing and music while I was there.  And best of all, you don't have to walk no more than 5 steps outside Tabu doors to hit up the blackjack tables!
4	What a great little lounge. My girls and I were walking through MGM in the afternoon and some guy comes up and hands us passes for the Tabu Lounge. We had not been sure what we wanted to do that night so we took them. We stopped in at around 11 thinking we would get a drink and then move on to one of the more well known hot spots. By the time we finished our 1st drink we knew we were staying all night. It was such a cute place with a really great down to earth crowd. Everyone was social and friendly both guys and girls. We stayed all night and had the best time.
3	Meh. So we got free access to all the clubs at the MGM Grand so we checked this place out. Well at least this place admits to being a lounge, not a "boutique" club. The dance floor here is small so don't expect much. Bar service here was pretty good. Even though the bar was pretty crowded, the bartender did a great job in getting everyone's order.Good: It was free. Fast bar service.Bad: Tiiiiiny.Final: If you get a chance to stop by, take a quick look.
3	+1 star: got in for free+1 star: each of us got a rose+1 star: each of us got a free champagne glass+1 star: free VIP table, and yes, you can dance on the tables (or at least we did and didn't get in trouble for it lol)-1 star: not my kinda crowd/club LOLThe people in here were much older, and definitely CALMER than our group of 8 girls.  We were getting crazy stares from some of the other women. Timeeee to gooooo hahahaha. In-n-out in less than an hour. A good spot to stop by and get free drinks to get your night started right though!
4	I liked this place. It was pretty crowded by the time I made it so I had to wait for comfortable seating. But the atmosphere was nice and played overall pretty good music compared to the other clubs. There was a short time that some old school breakers came into the middle spot and showed off. That was cool, it made the night for me. Drinks were good, I didn't have any complaints.
3	We got free passes for Tabu when I met a promoter in the casino at the MGM. We were supposed to get free vodka drinks until midnight. Not having to wait in line was a plus, but I was not pleased with how we were treated when we got inside. We waited like 15 minutes for a bartender to finally give us attention, only to find out that the free vodka drinks ended at 11PM (it was after 11:30 at that point). I felt like the one bartender felt like he was hot ish for blatantly ignoring myself and my friends, but in actuality man, you're just a douchebag. Anyway, I really wanted to like Tabu. It seems like a super fun place. The DJ was spinning really good tracks and I loved the decor and the crowd. Maybe I will give it another chance during a future trip to Vegas.
4	I unexpectedly ended up here one night with some friends since we were given bracelets to get in for free. We also had plans of taking advantage of the "free drinks for girls until midnight" bracelets that we were given & planned on leaving for another club but ended up staying here ALL night long! The bartenders/servers are adorable and I loved their outfits! The DJ played awesome music...just enough mixture of today's hits with the stuff I remember listening to when I was in high school. I kept finding myself saying, "Oh my god I had completely forgotten about this song! I used to love this song!!" My group had bottle service which was right around $250...not bad when you're splitting it with 5-10 people and you get your own server who makes the drinks for you. Our server was a blast and was very attentive. The dance floor looked extremely crowded & the people were packed nuts to butts out there but since we had a table(and were the only people that night to have one) we had quite a large area to dance in. Overall a night I will never forget :)
4	I liked this bar/dance club.  Free pass and good house music.  I know going in there on a Monday night isn't going to make the place busy, but there were still groups at 2am.  I gotta try it out on a weekend.
2	Eh. We didn't exactly enjoy ourselves here for a number of reasons (even though it was free and we were staying at the MGM). The biggest reason was that we were def looking to party but the crowd seemed really subdued and that made us feel really awkward. We stayed for  like half an hour and then left.
4	I'd give it four stars, if for nothing else then my wife and I had fun here. She got in for free, just look for the promoters near the slot machines. I had to pay I think $20 to get in, then drinks. We only had two each which was about $40 ($10 apiece on average). The dance floor was packed and small. We were smashed literally and figuratively, bodies upon bodies basically. It was Saturday so there was a ton of people. The music was your standard top 40 fare, nothing mind blowing, definitely not worth a shoutout to any DJ since anyone could have mixed it. It may not be the most exclusive, but pretty standard as far as clubs go. It's up to the crowd to make it fun and I'd say everyone did a good job of that.
1	Tabu, I hate you. I really do. Small, crowded, enclosed space with unfriendly and boring people smashed into each other... My husband turned on the charm and bypassed the line, we had reduced admission passes from the casino floor but I was not paying attention and my husband paid full price, $20 for him $10 for me to get us is, not bad. We hit the bar, 2 shots and 2 tiny drinks came to about $50, typical for the Strip. You know when you are trying to get your groove on, sip your drink without spilling it on your sequins and shake your booty without falling out of your big ass heels and somebody bumps you, but you smile and as you look up you realize they aren't smiling? That defines Tabu. My husband was getting all alpha male protective, and I was starting to feel the tequila, so we escaped the stuffy little prison and never looked back.
4	I like this lounge as it is located across the hotel from Studio 54 and is fun to go to after a large club experience in the same night. This lounge has several solid concrete tables that people, mostly ladies dance on. Getting here after midnight is a good idea, as most of the out of town people have left, which gives you some more room to move around. The door people can be difficult sometimes, even with well known industry people, so be sure to have the right clothing on.Other people have said the cover charge has gone up so it is a good idea to grab a few free passes, but ladies are the only ones that will probably get these just casually walking around the MGM. For guys, you'll need a connection to a Las Vegas VIP host, to get passes.In the secondary smaller room, you'll find top shelf over 100 year old Grand Marnier. Friends have ordered a shots of this before, which is expensive and is so strong, that I wasn't even able to try it. One of the rooms that I've enjoyed spending time in with friends was adjacent to the smaller one and it is shaped like an igloo. The colors are bright and the seating plenty, which is always good for a nightclub.
2	We got hit on by a guy who was promoting for Tabu one night while walking in the MGM Grand hotel. He gave us free passes to get in and told us that we could have "any drinks" from 10-11pm. I used to be a promoter before so I asked to make sure he wasn't lying. We ended up getting in with no problem, and it was a cute small little club with loud music. There was barely anywhere to sit except the bar and really ground level couches so we headed to the bar. I thought the bartender would be great because he seemed like he knew what he was doing. I was so wrong. First, he was a douche, then he told me I could only drink vodka (cheap kine) and jack daniels. Anyway I ordered vodka cranberry and I swear that guy didn't put any alcohol in my drink. After a while, I swear that stuff made me feel sick - this is not the kind of club I was expecting while on my crazy Las Vegas vacation. Tabu? I pass!
4	Hey, it's not XS.  I like the fact that the crowd is a little older, little more down to earth.  the music is top 40, which is fine.  It's a nice lounge, had a good time!
1	-5 stars - shitty service- crappy music- dumb b*tches- cramped- poor selection of alcohol- a miracle.... hopeless... worthless... should belong off the stripTabu. I dispise you. I loathe you entirely and i hope your club burns down to the ground....So my friends and I were bored and wanted to just kick back and didn't want to go any where far... So out of our stupidity we hit up this sad piece of shit. Here's why I hate this place so much:TABU CHARGED MY CARD 2X!!!!! SCREW THAT B*TCH "SASHA". YOU WORTHLESS PIECE OF CU*T. YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE.Wow i saw some shitty clubs/lounges in my day but gdamn this has got to be some sorry a** piece of sh*t I have ever seen. So scandalous cause one of my friend that was there was piss drunk so they took advantage of that situation and charged my card 2x!!!!! Now I have to go and deal with my banker to get this sh*t disputed. How worthless and shitty does this club have to be that they have to charge you TWICE for the same shit. News flash bitch I check my statements. I'll freakin notice it if I see two of the same transactions!! and don't forget I have the receipts from that night. AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST!!! I refuse to waste anymore time writing about this place....
1	**update!! : Okay got my money back so yay!! :D so it seems!!! that Tabu punched in my number for the second transaction. I had my bank look at the charges and only one was swiped and the other was keyed in. SO BEWARE OF THIS PLACE!!!! - it's hilarous how they think they wont get caught... plz.... u guys fail... be smarter than that plz....
4	Fun...I went for Scotty Boy, and wasn't at all disappointed.  Bottle service!!!
3	It's a smaller club (inside MGM) to hang and the dance floor is really small (which I guess is inherent in the name "Ultra Lounge" and not Tabu "Ultra Club")I am not exactly sure what makes this place an Ultra Lounge though... it seems to lack certain elements that would make it ultra to me, like a view or seriously picky bouncers at the front only letting pretty people in...I do like the ambiance, the way they make drinks and the music that is played.  I've been here twice and wouldn't say no if someone asked to go back again.
3	Decent multi-use space, and never a problem getting in here after I make millions playing Casino War at the MGM Grand.Only games of skill for me, friends.
4	Tabu is small, and has a very small dance floor with limited seating. If you're ok with that, then you'll have fun. Girls can get free entrance and vodka drinks before midnight. The music is great, the DJ plays what's popular on the radio. The crowd is mature and classy. I would go back again. Recommend
3	really fun club to hit up if ever in MGM Grand. Pretty small little club though. The drinks were ok and the music was pretty good. Just a small place.
5	i love the DJ mixes it was amazing and the bartenders were super nice. got to dance on the little stages. it was a good night :)
2	Another bomb. Just a very strange crowd.
4	n a word clubbing in Vegas is hell. We had passes to the "hottest clubs" handed out by swarmy promoters and found ourselves in our 4 to 5 inch hells waiting up to 2 hours in a cattle round up just to get in. Forgivable if the club was actually CROWDED- otherwise RUDE to women trying to come correct with hottness.  Can you say OUCH???? I thought Vegas was supposed to be FUN not TORTURE. Tabu was a welcome burst of fresh air.  Diverse, less pretentious,  attractive mature crowd (25+) and only about a 15 minute wait in my pumps which left me a good two hours of dancing. Too bad we found it by accident on our last night.  Ladies in free and a free vodka drink before midnight.  It's a LOUNGE so the dance floor is small.  Want actual hip hop and top 40? It's here.
2	Tabu Ultra Lounge is just Lounge...nothing ultra about it.It is disguised as a club but has an inconsistent crowd, inconsistent music, and incosistent bartending (prices change/lie about drink specials/sometimes good drinks/sometimes bad).  Ladies on the one star added for you because if you are looking hot you should have no problem getting in free if your willing to put up with the rest of their crap this could be a good thing.
2	My husband and I were at MGM Grand for a show.  Someone approached us offering wristbands for free vodka drinks for ladies all night and free admission for men.  This club promoter said we could use it for Studio 54 or Tabu.  Since we had been to Studio 54, we decided to try Tabu.  The line wasn't bad...we maybe waited 10 minutes.  Both of us were free, regardless of the wristbands, because we are local.  If you are a tourist, or don't have your LV license yet, be aware!   Between the 2 of us, they were going to charge $20 ($15 for men, $5 for women).  First of all, it was supposed to be free....second of all, I wouldn't say this ultra lounge is worth $20 to get into.  Once we did get inside, the first thing I saw were 4 white, mid-aged women dancing on a couple of tables.  The dance floor was totally empty, except for them.  Totally random!  The other patrons and the music playing were very ethnic.  It seemed like a weird mix of people.  We made our way up to the bar, once again, not much of a line.  We asked about the wristbands for free vodka...apparently that ended at 1130pm, we were there at 1136pm...they told us we weren't going to get a free drink!  Just as it wasn't worth the $20 to get in, it wasn't worth the $15 for a drink.  We decided to opt out of Tabu for the evening.  I also don't see us coming back.
3	We got in for free - can't beat that..and we drank for free! Drinks were poured insanely strong which seems to be the trend for free drinks in Vegas. The venue itself didn't impress me - it didn't make me want to stay and pay for more drinks. While the bartenders were very good looking men, the crowd itself was sparse and the music out-dated (also like many places in Vegas). If they had more seating other than VIP I might have stayed. How can you have a lounge if you can't lounge? !
3	The bar is one of a kind. The club is very,very small. I was offended by the club since we were not allowed to sit down being as we were with a group of crawlers and didn't pay a cover charge (came with the price of the group). We left the club and sat down at McDonald's which was much more friendly to us common folk and met back up with the rest of the group at departure time. I say this place is all hype and a disappointment.
4	It is a fun, small club, good for a short night out. Very simple really -- A dance floor surrounded by private seating areas opening up to this dance floor, and a bar in the middle of it all. Very small, very intimate a scale. Good for a group night out, feels like you'd be taking over the place -- living room scale. Music was good, prices as expected. Servers A++
4	Horrible dj on Sat. Night, he played a mix of hip hop and r & b and techno, but the music was all over the place.  He would bounce from Biggie to Kecha. He played cheesy techno and hip hop songs that you listen to, but may not be inclined to dance to.   However, on Friday the dj was good.  He played songs that had everyone dancing.  He played techno that everyone was familiar with along with hiphop that made you want to get up.  You can dance on tables, around he bar or on the dance floor.  In terms of dress, it ranged from guys wearing khaki pants to nice suits with ties.  Girls wore nice jeans with a nice shirt, to short tight dresses. All ages were represented.  I would go back.  It was a lot of fun, nice atmosphere.
4	I've been to Tabu about 5 times and I must say...the place is fun! The dance area isn't that big but the place itself isn't really that big either. There are private seating areas surrounding the dance floor. Usually girls can find the wristband guy outside in the casino and that allows girls to get free drinks from the house liquor. The music is always fun, the DJ spins top 40 and hip hop. I hate that people are allowed to smoke inside but that's Vegas =/ Not the best club in town but a good place to get my night started and move on to the next location.
3	We went for a club crawl and Tabu was the first location on the list. The lines were not too bad for a Friday night and we got in after only 5 minutes.The lounge basically consists of reserved seating, a bar, and a very small dance floor. It bothered me that there wasn't even enough seating at the bar for those that didn't have reserved seating. We stayed in there for an hour and my feet were killing me from just standing around.The crowed in there is very mixed. They had some younger, hotter chicks dancing in the middle on some low tables. Then some old guys were standing to the side and checking them out, and the rest was just young and old mixed. I'm glad we had pre gamed a little bit, cause the drinks were super expensive. Still, I think we just weren't drunk enough to last in there for more than an hour, so we decided to leave and move on to the next club. Definitely not my favorite party location in Vegas. I'm glad we got in for free, because I would have been upset if I had paid for an hour of nothing. I don't think I'd go back.
4	We got there around 10 or 11 I think, We were in line for maybe 15 minutes, Think a party bus tour was leaving and the bouncers were waiting for some group of some very belligerent very drunk people to get impatient and bail - which they did, we got in about then, We got a good little hook up and got in for free/cheap.  Very mellow small-midsize club. Dj played great music & the Bouncers were amazing they didnt bother us once and were very polite to us. Drinks were roughly 11-17 dollars each that we had.  We Just stayed on the Dance floor, by bar the whole time it was awesome, good group of people. We stayed till about 3am it was a blast. Very very mellow casual club with a good crowd totally worth the evening there.
4	This review is only for Tabu as a viewing lounge for a UFC fight.  Stayed at the MGM over the weekend and we wanted to watch the UFC fight, Tabu was offering a viewing party for about $65 per person which included the fight, snacks and open bar.  The price was reasonable and they had chairs lined up in front of a big screen and the fights were also on the regular tv monitors placed around the lounge.  Hint:  Get there early and you'll be able to snag a more private area rather than sitting in regualar chairs lined up like a conference.
1	GIVING one star because the music was slapping! I went last friday night after having a great time at Vanity. We had a free table and comp bottle since a friend hooked us up. From the kindness of vanity, we ran into the opposite at tabu. from the start of telling them my name on the list they were snotty. once we were seated at the table the guy leaned into my ear saying "since this is a free bottle you need to tip your waitress pretty big." Seriously?! your telling me how to tip I base my tip on how well I am treated douche. Lemme tell you she ended up getting a good but not great tip because she was horrible! she never introduced herself to my group she hardly came by and when she did, she was so snotty! and even the bus boy dbag! he had this pissed off look the whole time and didn't seem like he enjoyed his job. so they were such a buzzkill! I had better  customer service at the MGM food court afterwards than at tabu! but the dj that night was bomb.
1	MGM just needs to bring back studio 54 and ditch Tabu. We were hit up by a promoter who gave me a wristband and my husband a black card.  He told us that I would be able to get in FREE with the wristband and that my husband would pay a $10 cover.  We had plans to see Phantom of the Opera but decided if we got back early enough we would stop in.  We got back just after midnight and got to the entrance.  There was NO line. One of the bouncers (there were 3 guys up front) checked our I.D.s and we walked up to the entrance.  The dance floor was small with a group huddled up. Probably from the same group.  The music sounded like some good dance music. Then the cashier tells us I was $10 and my husband was $20. I showed her my wristband and my husband his card but she told me the same thing.  I decided the club wasn't worth $30 after looking in. Since we were guests of the hotel, the lady told us that I would be free tomorrow if we were there before midnight. Skip this place. There are many other true clubs. We're trying a Sin City Club Crawl Friday -4 clubs- 2 people no wait in line and transportation $74  w/ yelp coupon (otherwise $168), posting an update for that once we experience it.
2	Aaaa
2	This club is getting better. It still has a long way to go, but it's getting there. The first time, I went there, was a horrible experience. There were racist woman and bigots all over the place. Everytime I would go up to a female, she gave me a stuck up attitude. There was no vibe, in the club at all. I got no dances and no play. The second time I went, things got better. I danced with a few woman and felt some vibe. I actually had conversations with woman. I made up my mind that I was going to be aggressive that night. My game was so strong that night, that some dude tried to interfere with me, grinding on a female. Talk about a PLAYER HATER. I guess he had to cool me off, because I was on fire. Definitly more vibe in the club this time.
3	Tabu, what can I say about 'choo? :P  We had Pure AND XS guess lists set up for our choosing pleasure but alas, our early morning flight made us change our minds to do something not too crazy on our last night in Vegas.  Since we stayed at the MGM, we found the guy who was giving away wristbands for ladies.  It was to our advantage to go here because the guys would be able to get in free with their room cards.  The only restriction the guy gave to us was that girls would get open bar from 10-11pm but that was it.With that in mind, we headed back to our room for some much needed naps.  4 nights in a row of heavy dancing and drinking will do that to you :P  After getting ready, we decided to drink and wander the casino a bit.  It was great to catch up and just talk while sipping our drinks.  Not sure exactly what time we headed over to Tabu Lounge but I do remember that since the guy had put us on the guest list, we were able to walk in right away.  That's not saying much because there wasn't a line anyway.  Haha.We were ready to boogie on the dance floor, unfortunately, the girl at the front told us that the "girls get in free with a wristband" and the "guests of MGM get in free with a room card" promotions ended at midnight.  Bullshit.  There was no mention of this at any time when we talked to the guy who hooked us up.  I was pretty annoyed so I sweet talked her out of my (girl) friend and I having to pay.  Unfortunately for my friend's boyfriend, they slapped him with a $20 cover charge.  Luckily, we still had room credit to burn before our flight out so it actually worked out well.Since I was planning for a chill night, I was actually happy that there weren't that many people because it meant I had more room to get down and dirty.  I'm half kidding.  I love dancing and I hate when there are people rubbing up against me, invading my dancing bubble.  How am I supposed to bust out my best moves if there's some chick just standing in the middle of the floor sipping her drink?Even though it wasn't very crowded, there were lots of guys on the prowl, that's for sure.  Many came my way and I blatantly danced away.  Haha.  Sorry boys, maybe next time try talking to me first before you try to rub your dick all over me.I'm not exactly sure how much drinks were because we charged those to the room too but I think it was like thirty-something dollars for 2 drinks, that's a bit steep in my opinion but hey, it's Vegas so I didn't think much of it.The DJ was kind of shitty because she kept playing her remixed songs for waaay too long.  At least play the whole damn song for 3 minutes instead of playing your version for that amount of time that just freaking repeats.  Regardless, I was still able to dance my heart out so I was happy.We left around 2am to grab some grub.  If I wanted to have a "quiet" night of dancing and just hanging out with friends, I would go here only if I stayed at the MGM.  Otherwise, definitely not worth it.  But check it out if you have nothing better to do.  Make sure to get on that guest list though!
4	Came here one of the nights I stayed in Vegas feb. 2012.  Due to a friend that works at the MGM we got a free bottle which I thought was nice.  Inside the place wasn't that big, but was very nice.  I didn't order any drinks from the bar so I can't comment on that.  But the music was good, and there were plenty of people dancing.
4	I thought this place was a blast. Easily one of the best nights out I've had in my 24 years. We came in at probably 1am or so and danced for hours on the tables. I can't say much about the drinks because I didn't buy any, but the DJ was awesome (90s rap? Yes, please!) which is 90% of the battle as far as I am concerned.Great place to check out if you're around and are a dance-aholic like myself!
2	Every seat was reserved and there was not a large enough space to dance. No room to dance, no room to sit, all there is to do is stand around, drink watered down drinks, and try to hear each other over the ridiculously loud techno music and bass. We were hotel guest and got in free, otherwise cover charge is $35 a person. Line gets crazy long after 10:30. There are better clubs at hotels along the Strip, even with a cover.
4	Went there with some cousins. Can't say much about the prices because my cousins paid for the drinks and the entrance (yay). I must admit, I was one of the creepy guys on the prowl LOL. Got rejected quite a few times, but eventually I got to dance with some average looking women (hey, better than nothing). The ambiance was below my expectations, but at least the dress code wasn't strictly enforced. Overall, had a good time.
3	Okay so this isn't one of the top night clubs in all of Vegas but it is pretty fun. I'd say the music was pretty good and got better though out the night. This place is so small!  I wouldn't mind coming here again but I'll definitely try some different places.
