3	i also wandered over to this patio after peeking in at Wildflower on a Sunday morning and seeing a long line and no tables. i would have waited but my guest would not. so we walked out and right over to Mac's. feeling like a traitor, i decided to go for lunch, not breakfast, cause, you know, that's me and Wildflower's thing. i had an uninspired chicken salad sandwich with cajun fries that were coated in so much red flakiness i should have had a finger bowl like they use for rib eatin'.dad had corn beef and hash. he ate it, no comment on it, so imagine it was average or below. the patio is decent sized... service was ok. i probably won't go out of my way to come back.
4	This is next door to where I work sometimes. I have been here about 25 times as of this post, and it is a wonderful, quaint lunch spot with an excellent club sandwich!They have great daily specials, and burger/brew deals.Overall a good value for some good grub.
5	I am a vegetarian and this is my favorite steakhouse.  I am not even kidding, I really like this place.  This place actually has several really good vegetarian options.  I love the grilled cheese sandwich, they make it with excellent bread, different types of cheeses and tomatoes.  It's amazing.  I also had a pasta dish that was really, really good if a little gigantic.I am always tempted to see if I can just order all the stuff that comes with a steak without the steak.  My boyfriend orders steaks, and the sides are really amazing.  They do vegetables, rolls and everything really well.  I love the onion side thing.
3	Stopped here unexpectedly last night (Friday) and was seated at a four-top even though it was pretty busy indoors.  I don't recall the name of my server, but he was oh so very patient w/ me as he tried to answer my food allergy concerns with everything from beer to specialties and the fish and chips (turns out his ex-girlfriend had food allergies, too). I asked him for a beer recommendation since I've only started to appreciate beers; I've always liked fruity cocktails and sweet wines.  I've NEVER liked the taste of beers, although I did enjoy the sips of San Miguel light beer mixed with Sprite or Seven-Up that relatives would let slip for us kiddies to try.  However, with micro-breweries and seasonal brews a-plenty, I find that beer-tasting (and seeing which ones match well with food) can be as much fun as wine-tasting.  (Sounds like I've done a lot of beer-tasting, huh?  I can count the times I had a couple sips of beers on one hand!)  But I digress...  My server suggested a Blue Moon, which I almost didn't get to try since it looked like I was allergic to every dish I selected (he'd go to the back to double-check).  I think he could see I was about to bolt, bec. he suddenly appeared with a cold glass of Blue Moon, w/c came w/ an orange slice.Since I didn't want to leave with an open bar ticket unpaid, I decided to throw caution to the wind and ordered the Fish and chips platter, even though the kitchen couldn't confirm that the batter was *-free.  Am I glad I did!  The platter took about 20 minutes to arrive, but when it did I was happily munching away on crispy, fresh-tasting beer-battered haddock, w/c I sprinkled with fresh lemon juice and occasionally dipped in tartar sauce.  Yessir, I was really living on the edge now!  *-allergy be damned!  I even sampled the itsy-bitsy side of coleslaw, w/c I'm pretty sure had * in the dressing.  Oh, and the beer tasted fine.  So much so, I almost bought a six-pack from Sunflower a couple of days later.I'll be back to try other specialties and their burgers, of which Mac's is famous for.
4	I have yet to have an unpleasant experience here. Besides the fantastic beer options, everything I have ordered from here I enjoy from salads to sandwiches and pasta. I mean a nice tasty cheeseburger with fries(or salad if you choose to avoid fried objects) and a pint of beer for $9. How can you say no? I just wish it was open a little bit later.
5	Being called a Broiler & Tap , you may mistake this place for a bar of some sorts. While the setting is definitely bar-like, with the plasma t.v.'s on the wall and sports theme. Mac's is much better at being a restaurant than anything in my mind. If you're going, make sure it's somewhat early, they close at nine on weekdays and ten on weekends, I believe.Every time I stop by Mac's I'll order the sourdough chicken melt, which is always delicious. I would branch out for a different entree, but with this one you can't lose. I still wonder if they get their bread fresh from the Wildflower Bread Company next store because it's always so fresh.   They always have perfect, crispy fries and yummy side dishes as well. Sometimes I'll order a glass of Blue Moon, but I prefer to dine at Mac's.  There's not a whole lot of seating inside the restaurant,  but they do have some more seating on the patio (as long as it isn't summertime). I love the atmosphere here and can't wait to go back there.
4	I stopped in for dinner with friends and thought it was a great little place. It was only $5.50 for a huge spinach/queso dip with salsa and was enough for the two of us to split as a main course.The menu is very affordable...$6.50 - $7.50 for a burger with your choice of a side and they had some great looking salads for $7.50. I think the most expensive thing on the menu was a $12 steak.They isn't a lot of seating, but we got in fast, even during the Satuday night rush, and the service was great. I'll be back!
4	I've heard about this place before, but last night was the first time we went there. We wanted to grab an ice cream nearby at Baskin Robbin's but it was too busy. I mentioned food to the wife, and Wildflower is good but boring (if you go there a lot, like me). We were with our 4 year old and were told we could sit wherever we wanted, so we grabbed a large table in the back (all the booths were taken). Elizabeth immediately came over to get our drink order. She was oleasant and never stopped smiling. The menu looked fantastic, and because we'd not been there before, we skipped the more expensive specials menu. Burgers are a staple of bar food so I wanted to begin there. I ordered a blue cheese and pepper corn burger with fries, the wife got the Maryland crabcakes, and we ordered the kid chicken fingers and fruit. My wife also got a cup of French onion soup, which came out relatively quickly. We both love French onion soup, and it was pretty peppery the way I like it, and it was more of a tomato base like she likes. Good for both of us. We asked for the kid's food as soon as possible since it was after 7pm. A short period of time, her battered chicken came out piping hot. We cut it up and the wafting aroma made our mouths water. We both tried a bite the battered breading cover was savory. We're not sure what it was but it was really tasty for fried chicken fingers. The fruit bowl was perfect for a child, and every  single piece looked great.My burger did take awhile but that's because I always get them well done (can't stand reddish beef). It was more like an angus patty, and well formed. It was a light brown throughout, and the swiss I asked for was perfectly melted and a nice balance between a tasty bite and smooth finish. My wife was in the mood for seafood when we went out, and she did order the crabcakes, which came with a house tartar that was different than I'd had before. It was a little spicier and richer. That smothered across the cake, with a little of the pickled cabbage from the plate, was to die for. I am not a big crab cake eater and I liked it; the wife said it was the best she's ever had. The only reason it did not get 5 stars is 1) there is no wireless. I could run business meetings out of this place if it had wireless! and 2) my fries were burnt and terrible. They have those thin ones that get to crispy too fast. They should change to steak fries and I'd be very happy.
1	What has happened to Mac's? Geesh! Saturday afternoon, ordered a tuna sandwich on multi-grain toast, little mayo, light on the sprouts. Half hour later, got a mayonaissy mess, no toast--just limp bread, bland as all getout, crunchy stufff in it. I asked the BF, does this taste like tuna to you? Turns out it was chicken salad. I hate chicken salad! Waitress offered no remedy at all. His steak asiago salad had a few grisly pieces of steak on some greens.  Both sides of the booth seats had gaping holes in the upholstery. Used to love going here, but never again!
4	This place has a wide variety of food for extremely reasonable prices.  You can get a delicious and huge meal with a beer cheaper than most places definitely.  They have a really good bar with beers like sunbru, kiltlifter and smithwicks on tap.  Good salads, REALLY good burgers and fanastic sandwitches.  It definitely gets busy sometimes and they aren't always perfect, but I've been to Macs probably 50 times and I think its great.  I also know the owners and they are fantastic people, who are usually working hard at something on the premisis.
2	I really really wanted to like this place. We have been looking for a close local bar & grill in Tempe with good draft beer choices, good food and a comfortable atmosphere. We got there early (around 5 for dinner) and pretty much had the place to ourselves. The server was friendly and sweet, and pretty attentive but....and this is the main issue...the food was pretty awful. I ordered a patty melt which turned out to be a thin, dry hamburger with a few onions on top and very bland cole slaw. My husband tried a steak (over cooked for his med-rare order) and once again, bland potatoes and veggies. Overall nothing to rave about. Darn. We live in Tempe and like to spend our money in Tempe establishments, but I guess it is back to Chandler and Teakwoods!
1	Frankly, I think I would find a more enjoyable meal from the dumpster down the street. Clearly NOTHING is homemade, the dessert I ordered was still frozen in the center...YUM.  And where do I start with the service...I don't...there is not enough space alloted here to properly express the disappointment.  When my server was not ignoring me, she made up for it by being extremely rude. When I asked to speak to the manager...she told me her "DAD" was not available???!!!!   What a SHOCK!!!!   Steer clear of this dive.
1	I got there about 6:30pm with my fiance and my son. After 20 minutes of being ignored, I left. On our way out, someone finally came over.
3	So first off, I love this place. I'm only giving it 3 stars tho because the service is sooooo SLOW! It's always packed when I go in hungover for brunch on the weekends. Lotsa families - which is fine, but I've never seen a manager or anyone else out on the floor helping those girls out. I've tried a few different things there...from the lunch and the breakfast menu. Everything's always been great. When it comes out an hour later, you're so hungry that I guess it would taste better than usual. They make great bloody marys too. Overall, it's a good spot if you're patient.
4	Mac's is my local "go to" spot.  I've been a customer for years now and it's the standard Sunday morning meet up spot.  The breakfast is great (although they changed their bacon recently and need to go back to the other one) and the BLTTA is fabulous!!  Nice variety of dishes so you're bound to find something to fit whatever you might be craving.  So, in easy to read bullet points here are the pro's and con's:Food - Great! Never had bad food here but of course haven't tried everything.  Portion size is more than adequate for the price.Service - super nice but yes...sometimes a bit slow.  Of course they occasionally surprise me with breakfast before I get thru 1/2 of my Bloody Mary!Music - they play older rock and have decorated the walls with album covers.  Way cool!Booze - Good beer selection (Four Peaks, Kona & standards.  Super Bloody Mary's!  I get double, spicy w/extra limes!Atmosphere - casual and a very local neighborhood hangout feel.Wi-fi - they don't have it but sometimes if the breeze blows just right...you can get a decent signal from nearby Wildflower.Kid friendly - i suppose but why bring them?  :-) Happy Hour - basic happy hour prices but the board will announce daily specials.Specials - They always seem to have the burger and a pint special for about $9.  I recommend the burgers!!  Yum!I hope you try it and have the same great experience I do.  Just don't make it 'your' local hang out too or I'll never find a table at happy hour!  This place gets busy!!  Cheers!
3	Mac's is fine for local casual non-chain dining. IMO this is a good substitution for generic chain places like Friday's which is why it merits a recommendation.They have a cute little patio. The service is a a bit slower than I would like - however the overall experience is pretty good.Go here for a burger and a beer and you should leave happy.
4	You have to judge Mac's as what it is : A bar and grill.  If you want a sandwhich and a beer it's great.  If you're looking for elegant dining you should probably move on.  All the food I've had there is good.  The only drawback is it's not vegetarian friendly.Great neighborhood restaurant.  Sit outside if at all possible, great patio.
4	My wish is that everyone could have a place like Mac's that's a short walk or bike ride from home. I've been known on occasion to drag my tired self in there on a Sunday for breakfast and mimosas. The food is good pub/American fare and the wait staff is pretty friendly. (I snarked at one poor server for calling me "ma'am" but he rallied and we're now on a first-name basis.) I'm a fan of the breakfast burrito. The huevos rancheros are okay but not very spicy. The queso is tasty and they have a sinful grilled cheese sandwich. Plus, I like that they have Sunbru and Smithwick's on tap.Mac's is sandwiched between two fantastic Tempe gems - Changing Hands Bookstore and Hoodlums Music and Movies. I definitely recommend you shop BEFORE you eat/drink, though. Trust me! I've learned from experience...
4	With a little trepidation... I will leak my new favorite breakfast spot.  Mac's is a nice little neighborhood bar, nice selection of brews on tap, good food of a great variety and excellent staff.  Its location is what helps make it a standout, it is in one of the best strips in all of Phoenix.Book-ended by Tempe's best bookstore and Tempe's most in-touch record store, this is the perfect place to start or finish a weekend morning.  The thing about the breakfast here is that it has two of my favorite qualities:  good and cheap.  Not cheap ingredients, nope.  Apple cider bacon, pecan pancakes, heavy and delicious huevos.  All of their offerings center around 6 bucks.  In Tempe, which is notoriously over priced in the early morning offerings, that is very cheap breakfast.The light enters the room just right in the morning, casting amber hues around the room as you sip coffee, listen to pretty bad music and enjoy your hearty breakfast.  Take a stroll to Trader Joes, buy a few albums at Hoodlums and work up an appetite for Tott's (which is right across the street).
5	There isn't any way you can give Mac's anything less than 5 stars if you haven't had the spicy roast beef sandwich. WOW!!! I've been to Mac's at least a dozen times this year alone for lunch since I work near there. My coworkers and I love coming here on a nice Friday afternoon for lunch, split a pitcher of kilt lifter, talk, laugh and eat. It is hands down my (and a few others in the office) favorite neighborhood place to go for lunch. I mean, a kick ass burger, fries and a pint for under $10.... C'mon now!! I shouldn't even mention the view of the patrons of the bookstore or bread company from the outdoor patio. SHAZAAM!!!
3	We visited Mac's for the first time tonight.  I'd often wondered how it was, but it's nearly impossible to lure my husband away from the ceasar salad at Wildflower.  But this weekend, Mac's is participating in Hoodstock and donating 10% of it's proceeds to my stepdaughter's school, so we gave it a try.  We waited for about 15 minutes for a table, but were able to get a snack for our girls and a couple beers while we waited.  Toddler meltdown averted.  RIght when they seated us, some friends of ours came in, also looking to have dinner.  We asked if our table could accommodate three more people and another baby, and since it couldn't they opened a bigger table for us in the back.  Pretty cool, if you ask me.Once we ordered, it took a while for our food to get to us.  In their defense though, I think they were pretty slammed with additional business coming in from Hoodstock next door.  I ordered the spicy roast beef, my husband had the a California chicken sandwich (something along those lines) and our girls split some fish and chips (hold the chips, sub a side of fruit).  The spicy roast beef is no joke.  Now, I'm no stranger to spice.  I like my wings HOT, I add extra tabasco to my bloody Mary's, hell, I ate hot sauce straight out of the bottle when I was pregnant.  But this sandwich took it overboard.  Heat can be a good thing, but not when it's the ONLY THING you can feel in your mouth.  I couldn't even taste anything else in the sandwich.  Finally, I picked off the jalapenos and it was much more tolerable.  My husbands chicken sandwich was great, and the girls fish was mediocre.  Not the best, not the worst, but pretty good.  I'm not a fan of skinny little french fries.  There's just not enough potato for me.  But, the service was fine, considering it was a packed house with big parties and lots of kids in there.  And I have to give them props for donating money to Broadmor.  Next time we're in the area and in the mood for some eats and drinks, we'll stop in again.
5	"The Mac's Attack"   I assure you this is not about Mc Donald's, But instead it is about Mac's Broiler and Tap in Tempe, ArizonaI actually crave food from here!  That all by itself says a lot!  I am a "foodie"  But I don't really crave any certain kind of food.  That is until I tried the "burger and a beer lunch special at Mac's Broiler and Taproom.At home my wife resticts us to white meat...Turkey, Chicken, Albacore Tuna.  One day a buddy and I tried out Mac's Broiler and Tap  6430 S. McClintock Dr. Tempe, AZ 85283  480-755-3050   Join their Fan page on Facebook It was a pleasant surprise!  Both of us thought the burger was the best we have had, I hear the French dip is also very good!  http://macsbroilerandtap.com/I have been there three times in the last month and I am never disappointed,  The burger is cooked to a "Perfect Medium-Rare"  My favorite is the Jalpeno Buger, cajun fries and a pint of O'dells IPA.  The Sunday Breakfasts are fantastic too!                                             This place has ties that go back to  The Firehouse Restaurant that served great steaks to patrons of Tempe from their location on Apache Blvd. for many years.If you live in the area stop by and give it a try.  If you visit Phoenix, make this a must do!I wish I lived closer to Mac's!!!
4	If you live in Tempe you know there is no shortage of bars in our blazing college town. What happens when you graduate from college and walking across that stage to get your diploma also means you grow into a need for local hangouts where everybody still knows your name...just without the fight song sing-alongs and the floor so sticky you can't make it to the bathroom without losing a shoe? Mac's Broiler & Tap is a quiet neighborhood hangout that still has that ever-present Tempe college spirit...for grown ups. Delicious bar food is abundant, beer is flowing from the tap, great daily specials and the service makes you feel right at home. I stopped by on a Saturday night and found it crowded with enough room to move around and enjoy the place. We easily found two seats at the bar at cozied up for a few drinks and some good conversation. Drinks are reasonably priced and you will nearly always be greeted by a stranger with a friendly hello. What may be it's strongest selling point is Mac's phenomenal location. In what may very well be one of the best corners in Tempe, Mac's is nestled in between one of the state's most amazing independent book sellers, Changing Hands and Trader Joe's grocery store. With so much going for it, make a day out of it!
5	Great mom and pop owned resturant, serves breakfast on the weekends for a very reasonable price and lunch and dinners are delicious. Great beer selection and friendly atmosphere. Great place to stop by for a lunch and a few brews.
5	This is an absolutely fantastic local restaurant!  The burgers and sandwiches are great; the service is friendly; and the atmosphere is family friendly.  We live nearby and Mac's is a regular stop for us.  We are also fans of their breakfast menu--my personal favorite is the huevos rancheros.Support a great local establishment!
2	About 2 weeks ago I moved into to an apartment complex that is 1/4 mile away from the intersection of Guadalupe and McClintock. At this intersection there is upwards of 10 different dinner choices, the majority of them chain restaurants or fast food. Being of the "shop local Tempe" mindset, I ventured to Macs Broiler & Tap, a mom and pop joint sandwiched between 2 of my favorite places in Tempe: Hoodlums Music and Changing Hands Bookstore. I figured since it was in such good company, I would give it a go. I walked in the door and walked to the (empty) hostess stand where a sign read "Please wait to be seated." Being a good drone, I did just that, I stood there looking for the hostess for a good 3 minutes, waiting to be seated. Finally a girl busing tables looks over at me, apparently confused over why I'm just standing there, and says "You know you can just sit where ever you want." So I go and grab a table, situate myself. And I wait. And I wait some more. About 10 minutes later a waitress comes over to me and tells me that she will be right with me. Five minutes later, she comes back and asks if I would like a menu. At this point, I've now been in the place for about 20 minutes. I wanted to say "Yes, that would be just dandy. I would like a menu so i can order some food, which is the reason why I've been waiting 20 minutes." I bite my tongue and just say "Yes, thank you."The waitress grabs a menu for me, doesn't stick around for me to ask for a drink, and walks away. She returns with a water 5 minutes later, putting it on the table as she walks by, not stopping to ask if I had any questions or want something other than water to drink. By now I've looked at the menu, figured out what I wanted, and wanted to order. I try flagging her down, finally catching her attention, only to get a curt "I'll be there in a moment." She meander's her way over, takes my order, and goes to walk away. I stop her and ask if I can get an iced tea with my meal and the look she gave me had to be akin the one she'd give someone who just demanded her 1st born child, a combination of confusion and incredulity and disbelief. A bit later, she walks by again, nearly drops my iced tea onto the table (she never stopped walking), and continues on her way without a word. Armed with my glass of water and my reluctantly given iced tea, I began the long wait for my order, the Chicken melt sandwich. Continuing what appears to be the M.O. of Mac's, I waited for my sandwich. And I waited. And I waited. Then, get this:  I waited some more. I waited for over 35 minutes for my food, and not once did my waitress come around to see if i needed more water (i did) or more iced tea (I didn't, but could have used a top off on the glass as it's free refills). Just when I was about to flag the waitress down to ask why they didn't pluck, slaughter, and carve up the chicken into the appropriate parts BEFORE I placed my order, a she walks out of the kitchen with a plate in hand and brings a plate to my table, puts it down and walks away barely saying a word. In front of me is my chicken sandwich. There was bread, chicken, bacon, cheese, and tomato's. Beautifully, they got my order correct. The cheese was melted, but kind of cold (as if it had been sitting there waiting for someone to bring it to my table), the bacon was very good. The chicken was a bit dry, but by this time, I was starving. All in all I was there for an hour before I got any food, and when I did finally get it, I was not about to voice a complaint and wait even longer. I understand that Mac's is not a fast food joint, nor was I expecting it to be. However, being "Joe, party of One" in a 1/4 full restaurant, I feel that I can expect to receive my food in WELL  under an hour. Hell, just by being by myself I should be in, fed, paid, and out in under an hour. The waitress never checked to see if the food was OK, never offered me refills on my water or tea, and basically pretended I didn't exist. For a local restaurant situated between two of Tempe's best Local businesses, I expected a lot more. Needless to say, I am sorely disappointed with my experience at Mac's, what with high expectations due to positive reviews on here and from people I know. I never got my waitresses name and was basically treated as a nuisance and not as a paying customer, from the minute I walked in and stood at the empty hostess booth looking like an idiot to the minute I walked out the front door.  Bottom line? I could have gone to Trader Joe's to buy the ingredients, gone home, cooked, ate, and cleaned up in the time I wasted over at Mac's. Will I be returning anytime soon? Probably not.
1	Horrible service, we were there for almost 2 hours. It took so long for our food, it wasn't even busy when we got there. I ordered a cheese burger well. It came out about 40 minutes later still mooing. I told the waiter about it, he said he would take care of it. He came back with it and you could tell someone just through it in the microwave to cook it the rest of the way. It was nasty. Everyone else liked their food but they said they would not come back because of the service. I wish I could remember that waiter's name. I hope he doesn't make waiting tables a permanent profession.
5	Absolutely my fave local spot. I can always count on delicious fries (regular, cajun, steak, cajun steak), awesome burgers, and a completely delish grilled cheese sandwich (swap out the tomatoes for avocado). With great customer service, this genuine neighborhood bar and grill has a fantastic atmosphere and probably the best wing sauce in town. LOVE IT!
5	For a neighborhood restaurant / bar, it is hard to beat Mac's. They serve really good food at a fair price. The people are nice and the atmosphere is comfortable.I often visit for lunch, the burgers are hard to resist.Some of their happy hour specials are hard to beat. Try the chicken quesadilla, I think it's a few bucks during HH and it is really good. Weekend breakfasts, tasty dinners, fun beer tastings and a good place to watch a game are a few more reasons to visit Mac's.A true gem in Tempe...
5	BEST Burgers in the Valley!! Great people that work there, and they always have great beers on draft. The spicy beef sandwich is superb, as well - Full of flavor! Happy Hour is always fun and full of fun people! One of the BEST places to eat in the entire valley!
3	Great beer prices at happy Hour. The wraps are pretty darn good too.
4	Constently good service, always have a great view of the game.
5	One of the best burgers around. Great burger and beer combo offer.
4	Good American food. Beer is pricey though.
4	It's Mac's! It's your friendly neighborhood bar and grill!This is a cute little place next to the infamous Changing Hands and Hoodlum's Music. It's pretty inexpensive and decent quality when you realize that you're in a neighborhood bar and grill type restaurant. There's no pretense that it's anything else. I always get the southwestern shrimp that comes with wild rice and mixed vegetables (which are always great veggies, never overcooked and always fresh). I've had great experiences with sandwiches here - but everyone else has had great luck with whatever they ordered. It's just a really chill place, and I would come here twice a week if I lived closer. Friendly service, and although sometimes a little slow, it's just a great neighborhood joint.Also, they have Malibu, so of course I ordered a Malibu and Dr. Pepper because I wanted to relive high school.
4	Mac's is our favorite go-to midweek dinner. I always, always, always order the same thing. The first time we we in there I tried the Blue Cheese Peppercorn Burger and since then I have been hooked. I travel around North America for work and I always try to get a burger on the road that is as good as the Mac's burger. I am always disappointed.My fiancee orders something different each time we are there and he is pleased almost everytime. He always goes back to one of the burgers though.  Our little guy loves the kids steak and potatoes. The atmosphere is comfortable, although we like the bar side much better. Our only complaints are that there seems to be quite a bit of employee turnover and the wine glasses. The wine selection is decent for a neighborhood restaurant, but the glasses are so tiny!
4	Reasonably priced breakfast with large portions.  We had the huevos rancheros ($6.50) which was very flavorful and filling, and the pancake breakfast ($6.50).  The pancake breakfast comes with your choice of pecan or banana inside the pancake batter.  I chose pecan, and there were lots of toasted pecans in the pancakes providing a nutty crunch.  It was served with 2 eggs and breakfast meat.  I chose the ham, and it came out in a thick, large, grilled slice, a very good value for your meal.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, and the pancakes themselves were fairly large, and came in a stack of 2.  The coffee was nothing special ($1.50), but it did get refilled often by our attentive server.  All in all, a pleasant brunch for a Sunday late afternoon.
3	Food was tasty  - chicken salad and alfredo pasta.  No drinks.  Way casual atmosphere.  Waitress took her time, but wasn't unpleasant.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, but it's fine if you are hungry and in the neighborhood.
4	Have yet to have anything here that isnt delicious. Great atmosphere, good beers, and great food. Couldnt ask for more...except maybe a discount.
3	I shop local when I can, and my little slice of Tempe is loaded with some local success stories including Changing Hands bookstore and Stinkweeds.  Mac's is sandwiched between the two and right across from my favorite national chain, Trader Joes. I like the low-key atmosphere at Mac's, the decent food and nice mix of local patrons enjoying the patio. Unfortunately like so many other establishments they seem to hire really clueless young servers who leave you waiting in the front or are mystified about what you ordered.
5	Great beer great staff great food!
3	Good place for beer and good eats. Nothing super spectacular but the salads are good. Have not tried much with the food besides salads and apps, but they have Odell's on tap which makes me happy. Fun little local joint.
2	MAC's used to be a favorite place. 3 years ago, we'd have given them a solid 4, but no more.Unfortunately, we were VERY disappointed with breakfast for a second time. Went Saturday 10/01 for breakfast and service was just so so, food prep was EXTREMELY slow (nearly 30 minutes from order to table), pancakes were undercooked on 1 side (not even lightly browned), worst coffee we can remember, our check total was incorrect AND our credit card charged for somebody else's order. The only enjoyable part was the Bloody Marys Seems like since they expanded their space they lost touch with the things that made them a great gathering place. Not going back again for a LONG time and when we do return, it will never be for breakfast as there are dozens of places that offer a far better breakfast value, service and food.If you decide to try MAC's we suggest thay you confine your visit to Happy Hour as that seems to be the only time you'll get a good value.
5	Great food! I work in the plaza and eat there a lot since the prices aren't bad. Breakfasts are home style and fresh and who doesn't enjoy a bloody Mary in the morning? For lunch I usually get a burger or sandwich, the salmon Caesar is loaded with fish and the cross buns they serve with the entrees is super yummy. The meat is hand cut, ground in house and burgers cooked to order. They have many side options instead of fries. Happy hour is fun out on the patio. The food can take a little while to come out sometimes but well worth it. This is not a chain restaurant were half your food is microwaved. All the food is awesome except I don't recommend the fish sandwich.
4	3.5 stars.  Mac's is a cute little neighborhood grill that offers up some big screens to watch the game, good food and a decent selection of beer.  It did take a while to get our food but if you're absorbed by the game, it's really no big deal.  Maybe the cooks are into the game too. hahaI'd recommend the mushroom burger.  It was pretty tasty!Might see ya there.
3	I cannot speak on the whole dining experience, but I got take out from here the other day for an office meeting, and was very satisfied. Everyone enjoyed their mean, they even wrote the person's name on the box so as everyone got the correct meal. I had the BLTTA (bacon-lett-tomato-turkey- avocado) minus the bacon and it was very tasty. Their cole slaw is a little blah, but the fries, fruit and potato salads all looked very good. The only hang up was that the person who took my order via the phone, conveniently forgot two of the people on my order, myself included. I had to stand awkwardly int eh bar area waiting for my food to finished. It didn't take long though. I would have appreciated an offering of water or a soda while I waited, but oh well. I would recommend the food for sure! I live on the other side of town so i doubt I will be in again anytime soon, but if I were closer I think I would add this to the rotation.
2	Had a bad experence there. Food was OK but we were treated badly.
4	Went here on Sunday with a large group of 8 people for breakfast.  They had traditional choices and the people in our group ordered the Classic Breakfast (2 eggs, hash browns, toast for $4.95), the breakfast burrito, eggs benedict and veggie omelette.  My eggs over medium were perfect and everyone liked their meal.  The staff was very accommodating of our large group and had no problem with us adding on a person well after the rest of us had been seated.  I would definitely go again.
4	Great place and food.  Sat out on the patio with large party and had great service and food.  I will go back for sure and see what else they have to offer other than a yummy sandwich.
5	An excellent local restaurant. The regular menu is strong. The daily specials are a different kettle of fish. I have tried several and they are very hit & miss. The chicken Caesar wrap is my favorite. The staff is friendly and welcoming. They remember you when you come back.
5	Mac AttackBy The RueIt's 11:30 and I say damn I'm hungry,Getting the shakes like a methadone junkie,I think, do I want this or do I want that? Are kidding me? I'm going to Mac's. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh,I've eaten here before,I get the spicey roast beef,Even if it's dropped on the floor.My order is in with a side of fries, Cajun style is no surprise,Love that pickle spear it comes with,I'm telling you all, this is THE dish. Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh,I eat here all the time,They never screw uppppp,It's a favorite of mine.The tea is always topped off,When in Germany I listen to the Hoff,Sit on the patio and go ahead and stare,Hotties all around who just don't care. OhhhhhhhhhhI love my Mac's,Awesome local broiler,And great beer on tap!That's All
2	Ate here just because I was going to a book signing at Changing Hands and needed to stay near by.  The food is a bit overpriced for what you get and the vegetarian choices are almost none.  I got a 4 cheese grilled cheese.  It was good but not what I would usually order for dinner.  It came with a choice of sides and I got fruit.  It was a little over ripe. The mojito I had was yummy though.
4	Stopped in for a cold brew after a out if town trip. HAPPY HOUR success!  Good, attentive service and fresh food. My salad was perfect.  A nice place to hang out and visit with friends.  Could have stayed a few more hours!  There are TV'S on the wall for game watching. I have to keep that in mind once football season is in full swing. MACs has a different vibe than loud sports bars and I get the feeling most of  patrons live in the neighborhood. I will be going back.
4	One of my favorite breakfast/Blood Mary spots in town. Cool atmosphere of classic rock records on the fall, with a great staff of people. Family-owned business.
4	Consistently good food, large variety on the menu. Good pours on drinks and cold beer on tap. Try the Four Peaks Peach Ale. Yum!
4	Very friendly and laid back atmosphere. Food was delish and drinks went down easy. They were tasty.
5	My favorite burger joint. When I want a fresh ground beef burger with steak fries on the side this is where I go. They ask how you want your burger cooked so it is just right and  which fries you want. I love being served by Julia Stiles doppleganger or Silent Bob. They do have deals for burger and a beer. Often there are only one or two tables open when we arrive for dinner which is a testament to the popularity. I would take friends from out of town here.
4	A couple of weeks ago, I had dinner here with friends. I ordered a French dip, without the melted cheese, and a side of fries. The sandwich was excellent. The beef was lean and tender, and the au jus sauce was very good. If I have one suggestion, it would be that they offer a couple of vegetarian options, as I was actually interested in ordering something meatless that day and was not in the mood for pasta. How about a good spicy black bean burger and/or a good lentil loaf entree? These would be two vegetarian options that could fit in well with the menu's comfort food theme. Other than this, I had a good dining experience at Mac's and would come here again. I also love its convenient location near Changing Hands Bookstore. What could be better?
4	Decided to take a couple of my clients out to lunch today to a restaurant that I had been to before.  As in my prior visits, the wait staff was very attentive to our needs, check back multiple times to see how we were doing and in our drinks needed refillings.For Lunch I ordered the California Chicken Sandwich on 9 grain bread  and Steak Fries.  The sandwich was very tasty with just the right amount of seasoning and mayo, so that it was not soggy and messy.  The others in the party ordered the French Dip with French Fries, and the Fish Sandwich with French Fries.   Both liked their sandwiches and on the way back to the office asked for the address several times, so they could return.My only issue on this visit was that the steak fries were not as hot and crispy has I have had in the past, otherwise it would have been a five.
4	Beer & burger is great deal. So is weekend brunch
3	I want to like Mac's.  I do.  I keep going back hoping that there are changes, but no dice. Food is average (steak, burgers, and fish and chips), but not bad.  Service is sloooooow, which might not be a big deal without kids.  Nice little bar though, so it's a good place to grab a beer after going to Changing Hands.
2	I was at Mac's this Sunday for breakfast. I wanted to take my mom somewhere in Tempe for her birthday where we could have a relaxing breakfast and some mimosas. The breakfast menu was pretty short and offered NOTHING in the way of healthy. I understand it's a "bar" but I expected some oatmeal or something light I could snack on. Regardless, I did order the short stack pancakes with bananas and they were yummy (not healthy but worth it) and my mom's eggs benedict were tasty as well.  Our server was SUPER friendly and helpful! My issue was the $5 per mimosa, I asked several times to go light on the OJ but everyone came out the same, a little more than half filled and still heavy on the OJ. I drink out often enough to know my monies worth on alcohol and 3 half filled mimosas later I felt neither a slight buzz nor satisfied, neither did my mom (and she is a light weight!). In general I like this place and have good experiences but in the future will look somewhere else to have breakfast and a mimosa.
4	Mac's is great. It's a neighborhood joint with fantastic food and a great selection of brews on tap. I highly recommended any steak or salad on the menu. The wait staff and bartenders are very friendly and a lot of fun to talk to. My advice?? Go to Macs
3	Decent is a good word to describe this place. Decent food, decent service, decent atmosphere... Food was different but not necessarily good different. Simple things like Mac and Cheese they didn't get quit right. A for effort but C for results.
4	I am surprised at the semi-low reviews for this place. We have been here several times and thoroughly enjoyed it. The baked ziti is phenomenal!!! The sauce has a little spice and a whole lot of flavor; I crave it on a regular basis. They double grind their own meat in house which makes for a wonderful burger. The service has been fine and the atmosphere is nice. This place deserves a solid four stars.
3	Ok so been here twice now service slow but friendly both times. Food is OK not awesome not bad. The burger seems to be the best thing we have has here. I want to love this place but they should get the basics down before trying to get all fancy. So I won't be rushing back however I won't avoid the place either.
5	Excellent!  One word is really all that is needed to describe this place. It's a family-owned, cozy restaurant with a bar. Even before they expanded it was still family friendly, now it's somewhere I can go with friends for drinks or with my family for breakfast/lunch/dinner. I used to be a regular back when it opened and I can't believe I forgot about this place. It's the right size, not too big as to be loud, not to small as to have too much difficulty getting a table (at most times- watch out HH). Their happy hour is decent, their food is scrumptious and the staff is amazing! We had drinks on Thursday and then came back on Saturday for some biscuits and gravy last week. They are my new favorite place for biscuits and gravy! And a strong contender for spicy bloody Mary's. I love the wood interior. I think that's what gives it the warm and inviting feeling. Totally a neighborhood upscale restaurant. It's now permanently added as one of my go-to places for meeting people. Thanks Mac's for keeping it the same for so many years! Don't change a thing!
4	Another establishment where you kinda have to question the sanity of a negative reviewer.  What is not to like about Mac's?  Sometimes they are understaffed, which can be a bummer if you're hungry.  Aside from that, their food is top notch (for a bar/grill), the environment is warm and friendly, and the drinks are always good and cold. Try the cajun shrimp appetizer or the spicy roast beef sandwich.  Hell, even the chili is great, especially paired with a frosty Odell IPA.  I could probably eat here three to five times a week if Providence allowed.  Support your local family eateries!
5	Best burger in town.  Everything else is great too
4	Been going to Macs for years and we our favorites. Their burgers are great, fresh quality hand ground beef grilled to perfection with thick cheese and bacon on top. The only thing missing is sliced pickles! Reviews are a tricky thing because you don't know what the writer's frame of reference is, so I will tell you I like the burgers at Zin burger, the Grind and Deluxe. The steak fries are nice too. Their broccoli Alfredo, add chicken, is amazing. The chicken is amazingly tender and the sauce is flavorful, albeit thick, and rich so I suggest sharing it with a friend. Love this dish. The sauce they make for their chimi appetizer is fantastic too - rich and flavorful. This is a great little spot, yes the service can be slow at times when they get busy,  but its good food in a sea of mediocre and national chains.
5	I eat here a few times a week for lunch. The service is great and the food is tasty. I like the frequent lunch punch card program. The beers on tap are rotated with gems. I highly recommend Mac's.
4	Love Mac's Great food and good service.  They could use additional beers on tap though but they do have featured beets which is great.   They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.
4	2nd time was a charm. 1st time was not too great but we give every place a second chance!  Glad we did. Food was great and service was great. Adrienne was our server and she was awesome!  We will be back!!
5	I have to give this place 5 stars. I was expecting bad service and bad water (according to one yelp review). However, I'm drinking water as we speak (and it's just fine) along with a fantastic mimosa (which may be why the water tastes fine). Mimosa is $5 and it's large and in charge, unlike zipps up the road, for example. I can't stand mimosas in tiny flutes. Garlic wings were badass. Servers (two) are outstanding and very mindful of making sure we are taken care of. She even asked for permission to serve my son another sprite. I thought that was very polite. 5 stars and nothing less.  Btw if u order a burger u get your first beer draft for under $2. Just sayin.
3	In my first visit to Mac's,  I had the same experience as many others,  food good,  service terrible. I had the patty melt.   My burger was cooked perfectly,  and grilled onions made the cheese and rye bread taste amazing.   On the service side,  our waitress didn't keep up on our drinks,  didn't offer us napkins or silverware untill after she brought our food out,  and my wife's ultimate grilled cheese was cold because it took her so long to bring us our food.   My daughter was the only one who received silverware,  and only because had the scampi linguini,  which she loved,  but it was not mentioned in the menu that the sauce included capers.   Overall I will recommend the food, but beware of the service.
4	This place is great.  The owner must be my age, because I would swear that my exact record collection from high school is on the walls as decoration.  I love that you can bring your kids here and watch the game out of the corner of your eye, in an environment that is totally kid friendly. The food is really good. I like the hand ground burgers and the cheese steak and my kids think the chicken tenders rock.  They have a couple good Odell beers on tap, which doesn't hurt. It used to be nestled between a great book store (Changing Hands) and a great record store, but alas the record store went out of business.  Glad Changing Hands is prospering here since moving off Mill Ave way back when.  Nice work Mac, wherever you are.
1	I was there for breakfast and football this morning.11am that's morning on Sunday,anyway I've been here before and he food was good,but...today it was just completely crappy.the service was piss poor,the coffee was good but the waitress was worthless I had to flag down two other ones to get refills.my wife got the corned beef hash which was good on a prior visit but today it was cremated before they put it on the plate,not bad if you like hash ashes. I had the chicken fried saw dust disk which was listed as chicken fried steak...the sun has more moisture than this thing!!  The gravies only flavor was salt. When I told the disappearing waitress about the food she couldn't have cared less!! They sucked today and it's enough that I won't go back anytime soon, with so many options in Tempe they are now at the bottom if not off the list as they should be with you.....Happy Yelping
4	I love this place. Have been several times during the week for lunch and always order the grilled cheese sandwich. It is so yummy!! Service has always been good too.
3	We had a gift card so decided to stop for dinner. The food was average. We got The Beast burger. It wasn't bad but a little on the dull side...could have used more seasoning. We were disappointed with only receiving a few fries on a menu item labeled The Beast.Service was good and the staff was very pleasant.
4	I came here with a regular over the weekend and really enjoyed it.  Granted, I wasn't sober when I arrived and surely didn't remain sober while there.  But, on a Saturday, when the work is done - there's nothing wrong with that.The bartender, who was fantastic, recommended the Cuban sandwich - which was on special.  My buddy swore up and down that the bacon bleu cheese burger was spot on.  So, like any respectable men would do, we shared half and half.  The only negative on the burger was that the bun wasn't worthy of every other ingredient.  Some times the meat and cheese are so perfect, that an ordinary bun takes away from the delish factor.  The Cuban, while good, was very messy.  When sandwiches are finished in a press, I expect there to be minimal mess.  That said, the pork inside was roasted to perfection and the pickles were tasty.Add to this a couple of delicious micro-brews and it was a very nice surprise.  I will be back, and would recommend trying this joint to anyone in the area!
4	We love Mac's! The food is always delicious, the service is excellent, and the atmosphere is perfectly casual. A great neighborhood grill for outstanding steaks, burgers, sandwiches, salads and pasta. We like everything on the menu!
5	Not only is the staff some of the friendliest in town, their food rocks.  This not your typical bar food scene.  Everything is fresh, the meat is quality and the drinks are stiff.
3	The food is decent and everyone seems to be pretty nice, here.  Nothing very bad to say about the place - if you are looking for a good chicken club sandwich, I would definitely suggest this place.
5	A FANTASTIC burger featuring beef that is ground fresh every morning! Add a toasted brioche bun, plenty of toppings and potato salad that's better than mom's, and you have a meal fit for a king! Great service, and the beer selection is great too. Try the Oak Creek Nut Brown Ale.
4	Macs is my go-to for comfort food. I absolutely love this place. The selection isn't huge, but they always have what I'm craving. I was just here with my inlaws and some of their friends from PA. Apparently, we've convinced them this is one of THE places to go for food when in the valley. And I couldn't agree more. I absolutely love their fish sandwich. It's one of the few that is grilled and not fried. Their French Fries are the perfectly addicting kind of shoe strings and their rotating selection of craft beers keeps it interesting. Their mixed drinks are a bit of a crap shoot- not a fan of their "macarita". Plus, as a local establishment, they keep things local. For example, this week is AZ beer week and when we ordered the Huss beer (another one of our local favs), the Huss beer rep came over to thank us personally for ordering their beer, gave us some free Huss swag and talked to us a bit about beer and running (a personal hobby that she overheard while I was eating dinner). Macs is the kind of place that makes you feel like a local and that you belong there. It's my "cheers". Don't worry, I won't start singing...but I'm tempted.
4	I go this this place all the time.  I always have great service and consistently good food and cold beer.
3	Visited on a Saturday night with group of about 7.Called ahead and seated fairly quick.Drink orders taken and served relatively fast but dinner took awhile. Had the Reuben Burger which was served medium as ordered and fairly large order with fries.My wife had the salmon which was overcooked (maybe they meant smoked). Perhaps done before the rest of our meals and sat on the warmer?Overall food was OK and service kind of slow.I'd go back but since not from here, might look elsewhere first.
5	Best burgers in the state in my opinion. They actually know how to cook to order. You have to try the Cajun fries also. I really haven't ever been disappointed. The beer on tap is always an adventure as well.
4	Great food and beer. Loved the service and my kids enjoyed it too. Locally owned a bonus!
4	Mac's... you're growing on me! I didn't like you so much at first but now - not only do I love your popular beer selection but your food has gotten better and better. Our party of six enjoyed (truly enjoyed) a burger, the chicken pecan salad, the salmon (yum), the ziti, a patty melt, and the fish/shrimp and chips. Everything was seasoned perfectly and flavored appropriately. Your wait staff even had a smile for us as we messed up our drink orders twice. We messed them up, not her!! Thanks so much for a great evening. We'll be back.
4	We had a happy hour planned at Flanny's but when we remembered it was tap takeover night, which is always such a zoo, we decided to head up to Mac's. Our server was very nice to us even though we were just having drinks and not food. I have eaten here many times before and the food is respectable. It's not going to thrill anyone but it's good at typical American bar food. I like that they always have an IPA on draft.
4	Just stopped in for a few beers with a few friends and we were met with friendly staff, a moderate selection of brews, and a relaxing atmosphere to enjoy each others' company. The prices were reasonable as well. I'll probably be back to try out their menu in the future.
3	Love the concept of Mac's a friendly local neighborhood small business eatery/bar. Breakfast too.  Looks like they've been trying to change things for the better and staff service seems to be improving. Great place for regulars to hang out but was totally turned off by the owner drinking pints at with the bar patrons while we ate breakfast...made it not so family friendly and took off the professional edge and a few stars. Can't see how the improvements will last when drinking in the AM without regard to the impression this leaves customers is a priority to the owner.  Time to think about the underlying issue here. Too bad as the potential was there.
3	Went last night with friends. . Great menu,  lots of choices. . Noisy environment, difficult at times to carry a conversation.
3	Good food, but very slow.  Service was friendly but rushed.  We were the first in the door at 11, and didn't get food until 11:40.  I will not go back for lunch.
4	This is a hidden gem. I'm in this complex all the time and never remember that it's here. That said, it's great because they aren't slammed busy and you get seated right away and the service is fast. I ordered the lunch special which was a roast beef sandwich with green chiles and pepper jack cheese. It came with a side of sweet potato fries. The lunch was good, but not great. My friends ordered sandwiches and salads. The sandwiches are huge and we all had to take home one half of our sandwich. The salads looked delicious and I wish I would've got one of those also. I loved the sports themed atmosphere and the relaxed ambience. The price was right between 10 and $20. I have been here for breakfast before and must say that I enjoyed my breakfast more than my lunch today. Overall I really really like this place and will definitely be back.
5	First time here, couldn't decide so I got the ultimate grilled cheese and the hubby got the California grilled chicken sandwich, both were ah-mazing!! can't wait to come back!
4	What a nice surprise!  We dropped in for lunch.  A lot of variety on the menu.We both ordered the Southwestern Shrimp. It was delicious!  Larger grilled shrimp on a skewer, rice pilaf, served with a medley of vegetables. It was all cooked to perfection. Price was very reasonable too!  They have my favorite fresh brewed ice tea too. (Passion Fruit)   We will definitely be back.Nice waitress...
5	Ordered the Siete Mares and it is out of sight!  If I were ordering this anywhere in Scottsdale it would have cost triple what they charge.  5 blue mussels, 5 clams, several large shrimp.  Spicy, served on a bed of angel hair pasta with Texas toast to die for.  Oh, and did I mention their  beer menu is awesome...
