4	If you've been to the original location, you'll be disappointed to find it's smaller with less seating. But there is plenty more outdoor seating in comparison. The usual treats and drinks you crave from Sambalatte are still available here. And there's a kicker: a drive thru!! Not sure if it's open or in use...only time will tell how well that will go.
5	You did it again Luis. Best coffee in town - this time it's easily accessible and parking is readily available. The wait time is shorter and the new barista from LA that made my coffee was amazing! I can't wait until you are on every corner in America.
5	I'm so happy about this new store. The original is impossible to get a parking spot at. Now I can ride my bike to get my Flat White. Which I highly recommend. Coffee is so good in the steam punk brewer. Store does not have the 'charm' of the original, but coffee is just as good.
4	First time in a coffee shop in a very long time. Not a big coffee drinker. But since it's within walking distance and brand new, thought I'd give it a try. Interior is very nice and spacious, yet maintains a sense of coziness. Decor is what you'd expect. The pastries are expensive. I guess it is normal for these types of places, but $8 for an ham n egg n cheese muffin is a bit much. With that said, it all looked delicious. Now to what I ordered. I have a chai latte. It was warm and not hot, which I don't really mind because I could drink it right away. But for those who like their drinks piping hot, you'll be disappointed. $5 for a chai latte is not something I'd do everyday, but when I'm in the mood for a fancy drink, I'll stop by again. Besides, it makes me feel snooty haha. Go in and have a drink, I'm sure you'll be happy you did. I liked my chai latte.
4	Was a fan of the Boca Park location.  Great to have a location nearby now.  Wish the inside seating was a bit bigger but now that the weather is doing well, there is plenty of outdoor patio seating.
5	I wish they would throw in a couch or two, but the place is lovely anyway! Nicely laid out & laid back. No hectic vibe, but still very quick. Everyone seems as green as the store ( I've had 2 small mistakes, nothing big), but they were super attentive & apologetic about it. Seems like once the staff gets into the groove, this will be a top notch spot to get a top notch coffee.So, be kind, cut them some slack for these first few weeks. I sure am!
4	Yay ! New location finally opened (and lol i totally thought it was opened for a while already) Smaller location compared to the first location in Boca Park. Curved glass wall with bench seats for individual customers facing the outside. A much larger, and covered sitting area outside. Ordered a matcha latte because i randomly thought of the one i had in Berkeley, CA at Asha Tea House. As with all other drinks, if you plan to drink there, they will give you a cup and saucer to use and return. Nicely presented as always and a large cup as well. The Matcha flavor was fairly light, compared to the other matcha latte i've had. And the drink, overall, was not that hot. Possibly due to the use of a large cup that was cold. Probably suggest to make it extra hot for those who like a hot drink ! It was nice to sit outside to read. Quiet. Lots of seating. Will definitely come back just to sit outside on a nice day, and try different drinks too ! Wish places like these stayed open later at night. Would be a nice place to socialize/read/work at.
5	I love their cappuccinos and those definitely deserve the 5 stars. But I am REALLY bummed they close at 7pm. This isn't Summerlin where everything closes down early. The same complex has two 24hr businesses and a restaurant that closes at 2-3am. 10 people just had to leave and more were coming in because they said they close at 7. They don't have to stay open until 2am (though I'd love it) but at least until 9 or 10pm like most other things in this area. Even Starbucks stays open that late one block away. I've been waiting for months for this location to open and it's great, I just hope they change their mind on their hours!
4	Really excited to try this place out since I have never been to the Boca park one.I don't like drinking coffee but I still wanted the foam art so I got the green tea latte and it so good! If you've ever had those Japanese green tea kit kats it tasted like that, so yummy every sip. I also got 2 macaroons the almond and caramel. I was pretty disappointed since they have so much hype. They were both way too sweet and overwhelming. Maybe I got the wrong ones. This place is worth a try and they have plenty of seats outside for nice weather days. I want to come back and try the Nutella latte.
5	Macaroons are great (almond) and nutella anything rocks! I am so glad this is close to my work!
3	I gave the Summerlin location 5 Stars. The Jones location just opened so I'm going to give it a few chances since I love the coffee. All the foods and drinks are great. I give those 5 Stars. My 3 Stars is because of the service and the price. I don't mind the $5 price for coffee but $8 for the ham and cheese croissant! Really?! The service is VERY slow at the moment. It's understandable IF it was busy and if they're under staffed, but there's 5 people behind the counter 3 people in the coffee section and 2 cashiers. I found myself waiting there to be acknowledged, finally someone took my order and my coffee took forever to be made. It's because the baristas are just socializing talking about their plans for the night! Really?! Come on! I can hear you and see what you're doing or NOT doing! Then I ask the cashier about how much some of the pastries are and they respond with an "I don't know." At least have the employees know the prices of the small amount of pastries that they have at the top of their head! I'm going to give them a chance though because of the coffee! I really hope they get themselves together! I really want them to succeed and close at a later time! Closing at 7pm is ridiculous when there's Serenade close by that closes at 3am.
4	Came here on a tuesday to work on my laptop and read. Picked up a nutella latte. Much stronger than the matcha latte i had before. Weather was nice that day too so, as usual, opted to sit outside. I wish their seats were more comfortable outside though. So straight and hard. (LOL..) Causing me to readjust my seating quite often. Aside from that, pretty good. When i was there, seemed like there were two guys working on building a table top? I'm not sure if those two tables are for the area between Sambalatte and Tropical smoothie but they created quite a mess. Overflowed material was sprayed away onto the ground, making it difficult for some people to access Sambalatte from the side door. Aside from that, good place to hang outside and away from sun :P
3	First visit was today.  The staff was VERY friendly, and informative, welcoming me to the store, and explaining their rewards program.  I personally found the prices to be a touch on the higher side...I paid $6 for a coffee that is about the size of a small at other places...and to be honest, I'm not really thrilled with the flavor of the coffee.Of course, it doesn't help that my drink order was made incorrectly...I ordered a nutella late, with a little bit of white chocolate in the drink.The people making the drink made a nutella late, and a white chocolate mocha instead, and then we just combined the two cups into one, since I was running late to work.I'll admit though, seeing a little heart in the first drink was pretty cool...I just wish it tasted better. I'm going to give it another go, for sure, because I can't believe that a place would have such high ratings if it was really this mediocre...and the service was wonderful... I'll just have to order something a little less complicated next time, maybe.
4	I am really excited that Sambalatte opened a second location in town and can't wait of their third on the Strip! So let me just say, this location isn't really convenient for me during the week but, during the weekends in the spring you will now find me sitting outside in the courtyard, sipping a nutella latte.  This location still in the process of getting the kinks worked out (the other day it took about 20 minutes to get two lattes, as some guy grabbed the wrong drink and screwed up the barista) but when they get it all done it should be amazing. This location is also going to have a drivethru, (it's already installed, just not being utilized yet) which will be totally convenient for early morning coffee on trips out of town as it's right off the 215 and Jones.  Go check it out if you like really smooth unburnt tasting coffee
3	Ok second visit today...I have to say, I'm still not impressed.Today I tried the Nutella cappuccino...easier than yesterday's attempt at a Nutella latte with white chocolate.$3.75 for a smaller than a "tall" other places, and...I can't taste the nutella.I'm sorry, but if I wanted a plain cappuccino, I'd have paid less.  I wanted to taste the nutella.The staff is still great, and the place is really nice...if I want a cup of regular coffee NOT at home, I'll probably stop by here with my laptop, but...I'd honestly rather drive a little further and go to Grouchy John's.
3	I have never been to the one in the Summerlin area so this review will be completely unbiased (although I am planning on going there one of these days). I have never tasted the Nutella cappuccino but my god, the one I ordered definitely did not taste like Nutella whatsoever. Not even a hint. It just tasted like black coffee with milky froth added to the top. I like black coffee but I ordered a Nutella cappuccino so I expected to at least taste some Nutella! So that's one star off of my rating. Certain drinks also come in one size so that's a bit of a down side for me. Now I repeat that I have never been to the other location so I don't know if they do it there too. There's another star taken off the rating. Other than that, it's a really chill and laid-back coffee place. I'd most likely be visiting every once in a while to study or have a chat with a friend or have coffee dates with the boyfriend.
4	I suppose the most important thing to focus on when attempting to duplicate a successful business is making sure the quality of product translates. They succeeded in this...... But somehow for me.... It isn't quite enough. This location will be a HIT with people who have never heard of or visited the boca park location. I however will only go when I'm in the area.... And let's be honest, it's spring Valley.... I'm never just "in" the area. I will however continue to frequent the original location. Some perspective on my rant for you.... The original location has all the charm and charisma of a real hipster, trendy coffee shop in NYC. No windows, loud music and loungers. This new location is a converted Starbucks, lots of windows and a DRINK fridge sitting in the middle of the place like a 711. Maybe it's just me, but all the light really makes me take notice of the wretched uniforms they had these folks wearing..... Does the original location have that? I'm not sure and I don't pay attention because  they REALLY know their coffee stuff and by all accounts have the same level of adoration for these drinks that I do!I know there is another one scheduled to open at the mirage..... It's just my fervent hope that these chains don't water down the character and atmosphere of the coffee house I have grown to love so much.
5	The coffee drinks and macarons are fabulous!! My son loves the penguin hot chocolate. I can't wait for the drive thru to open, but that could be a bad thing for me ;)
4	Uff! I was super excited to hear they'd be opening a Sambalatte literally a mile from my house. I really like the. Boca Park location with it's plush sofas and live music in the evenings. But it is a bot far from my house for me to go regularly and I prefer to avoid. Summerlin crowds if possible. I came last week around 6ish and ordered a small cafe con leche. It was $3 dollars exactly and the barista kindly asked me if I needed the wifi connection, which I thought was extremely nice since most places are stingy about it. The code appears on your receipt. That new to me!Anyway, I sat around waiting, perusing the local mags while my coffee was made. They have a little section in the back with a booth-like area, but I chose one of the cafe tables up front. They also have a a countertop with stools facing outside. They had some music on that wasn't too too loud. As far as ambiance and seating goes, I don't know if I LOVE it for getting work done. But it's great for catching up with friends or light reading.The coffee was perfect. Truly. I don't know what they do to it, it feels so rich and creamy, I mean I must have consumed 1000 calories right? Actually no. But that's how delicious it is. In my book, if you are on this side of town, it makes no sense to get coffee elsewhere.
3	I have been looking forward to the opening of this cafe for weeks. I am now sad that it is taking up retail space where another, more reasonably priced, coffee shop could be. If you browse thru the pictures of pretty lattes with fun designs and an oh-so-flirty feel about them, you will also come across mine. It is the one that has my very boring cup standing next to an iPhone 5. I did this to give you a real sense of my shock when I handed over my card to the tune of $6.42, Yes, $6.42 plus tax, for one measly chai espresso. This awkward concoction was bought at the recommendation of the very helpful and friendly barista. It is because of her I am giving 3 stars. If it were based on price alone I would be demanding a negative star rating. As you can imagine, now that the shock has worn off a bit, I am still feeling just a tad violated. On a side note, the almond macaroon was delightful (this was not included in the $6.42 price, just so we are clear). So, I suppose not all is lost. Just be careful when you pick your poison here. You may end blowing your week's coffee budget in one fail swoop.
5	super super love this coffee shop! if you are looking for a good morning boost u must come  here and get your caffeine! i always look for a good crema on espresso and on my latte. ENOUGH SAID. love it.
2	They lost the vibe of the original cafe with this small weird choice of  location.  I agree with another reviewer feels like Starbucks and when am I in this area.  A one and done for me as Sunrise and Grouchy Johns deliver a better overall experience.
4	I have always enjoyed Sambalatte in Boca Park and am so elated that they opened their new location off Jones and 215S.  The decor is unique, great customer service and the outdoor seating is inviting. Their cafe lattes served in a real cup is my favorite.  Expensive? I don't think so as the prices are comparable to the mega chain coffee "stores." The big difference--this is a local cafe, with local owners and not some big chain where all profits go to Seattle!
4	Pretty much the same vibe as the original Sambalatte but less crowded with rich people. The location is perfect for me (I could walk here from home) and I've always wanted a convenient study location.That being said, I tend to study at night and this place closes SO EARLY. I was surprised when I had to leave 30 minutes after arriving! I should have checked the hours, though. The drinks are on par with the original, as well as the prices and service. I think the service here is actually better because employees don't have to rush orders.For some reason, this place draws in incredibly friendly and polite customers as well. I love it! Great little place to study or catch up with friends or just have your morning coffee on the way to work (there's a drive-thru). Convenient location by the 215 as well.One strange thing I noticed was that there was absolutely no music playing the entire time I was there...Conversation filled the air but it was still silent at times. Is this normal at the original location as well? I honestly never noticed because that place is always bustling with people.In any case, I'll probably go back soon if I need some intense studying during the day.
3	The coffee is great, but the prices are overly expensive (even for the clientele they cater to), and you do not get your moneys worth. They only offer 16 oz. drinks, and some drinks are only 12 oz. When asked for a 16 oz. drink, the sales person said, "we will give it to you, but we will only add more milk, there will not be additional coffee." I am not sure that is the best, customer friendly approach. I think I will stick with Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. Coffee quality is the same, but at reasonable prices.
4	I jumped in joy when I saw this place opened up not too far away from my house! I agree with a previous yelp reviewer the taste is true to the original. The real treasure is the ambiance and customer service. The workers are so nice and welcoming, that you almost want to love their drinks. The ambiance is amazing but inside and outside, they do have music playing inside not really outside. It's a great place to study or talk with a friend if you get here early. Outlets inside are easy to find, not so easy outside unless you're sitting at their big conference like table. I really want to love this place, hopefully I'll find a favorite drink. I will be coming more!
4	I didn't get as much of a wow factor walking in as I did in the original location, but it's still a great spot to hang out.Plenty of seating all around, especially outdoors. For the laptop campers, there's a few outlets spread out throughout the place, but not super plentiful. No huge co-working table in this location too. I really liked working on that table in the original location.Coffee is still great (my favorite is the flat white) and I'm always served happily. Another good spot to get caffeinated on the southwest part of Vegas.
5	Not as extravagant as the one in boca park but this location has a drive threw!!! Nevertheless this location is still relaxing and has the samba vibe when you walk inside. For first timers this is nothing like the Starbucks of coffee bean you are use too.  The coffee and tea here is more authentic and there is more exotic flavors like a Nutella latte.    If you are a chai fan the chai latte is the best I have ever had.  It has more of a spice too it and you can taste the layers unlike other places where it is on consistent flavor
5	Second Sambalatte location in the same mall with Kyara.Since we moved from San Francisco, we had hard time looking for great coffee shops that offer consistent high quality espresso drinks. Sambalatte in Summerlin was great, but was too crowded and loud.This location is in a much quieter neighborhood which is a big plus.Prices are on the high end, but the quality is well worth the buck.I'll come back often.
5	Literally the best coffee and lattes in vegas
4	Although this location doesn't carry the same charm as the one in Boca Park, I find it more welcoming, comfortable, and convenient.It's located on Jones just off of the 215 next to Tropical Smoothie and near Sierra Gold/Kyara. Small inside but ample outdoor seating with shade. Working drive through for those on the go. Baristas here are awesome and are very consistent. I've had my drinks taste very milky at the other location but here, my drinks have been a perfect balance between coffee and milk. I always opt for the nutella latte, nutella cappucino, or chocolate cappucino with almond milk. Heads up, their shots of espresso "are large enough that they count as two"-according to the baristas. No tall, grande, ventis here-size availabilities are 12 oz for hot drinks and 12 oz or 16 oz for the iced lattes. If you get one of their cards, after 15 drinks, your next is free. My only complaint is that your tab can rack up here. Their drinks and pastries get pretty pricey.
3	This place is EXPENSIVE. The drinks and baked goods we got were tasty but nothing special. Their sizes of drinks are relatively small compared to other cafes and the prices are too much. The specialty drinks sounded like a great new fresh idea and the taste didn't match up to our expectations. We liked it but we probably won't come back. Oh and there aren't any trash cans outside on their eating area which was also weird.
4	Only second time here and admittedly expensive but so worth it.... As a treat great coffee frappe is delicious!  And the almond croissant is amazing!!! Unreal thing is the cashier remembered my name after only one other time there!!! Cashier wonderful great friendly personality ..... True alittle stuffy in there and people tend to just stay long after the coffee is gone using their wireless and not allowing other patrons to sit but all on all a great place to treat yourself
3	I like this coffee shop mainly for the flat white.  It's in a convenient location, has friendly staff and qualify product.  I wish they were quicker at making the orders and clearing the tables.
4	Classy coffee joint. Expensive, but the frothy hearts in the lattes make it worth it.
2	On my way to an appt, I decided to stop by.  This is the weirdest tasting latte I have ever had.  Not sure what type of almond milk and/or flavorings they use.I do not like drinks handed to me without a lid.  What is the purpose to have a customer walk a few feet to get a lid?I do LOVE their cups.  The heat guard is built in.  Brilliant.I wont make any effort to try this place again but will swing by if I am near and need coffee.
4	Nice!  At least I could find a seat! :)  Good coffee, nice to see their expansion into more locations.  Beans are good.  Iced coffee good. Internet good.  Music good.  People not super loud at this moment.  Good mix of people Han style (solo) and in groups.  Parking not a problem.  Stamp of approval!
5	I have had half a dozen visits here and enjoyed every one. Ambiance is great and the drinks are well made. This place is worth passing up Starbucks for.
4	Cute new location! Fun and really nice employees. LOVE that is has a drive through and it's usually pretty quick. Only draw back is that it's kind of small and corded inside. They do make up for that with ample outdoor space though...
4	Great atmosphere but a little pricey...
3	Love the location, it is easy and quick. The courtyard is lovely. Great place to hang out and enjoy. The inside is beautiful and open. I tried the steam punk coffee maker and was not impressed. The machine  looks cool and is fun to watch in action.  The reason that I am here is for the coffee,  I don't care if you are the only place that has this fancy machine - I care about the taste. The coffee: It was weak and not much flavor. There are no pour-over or french press options, think of this as Sombalatte Express. If you are serious about good coffee go to the original Sombelatte location or  try Sunrise Coffee.
3	I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but on the rare occasion that I am in need of a caffeine fix, drive-thru is always my preferred method. Having this option in the area is nice, but I didn't love the drinks. Service was friendly, albeit a little slow for there being no line. My iced coffee was a little watered down and I wish they had used more ice to keep it colder. It all seemed to have melted quickly and was lukewarm, which isn't particularly appetizing. For a quick morning jolt, this is a good option, but I don't see it becoming my go-to coffee spot.
5	Great place to hang out with friends & loved ones for great cup of coffee n great pastries too....luv this place
4	Coffee shop out of no where!Had a delightful cup of Nutella Cappacino! No need to add sugar, the nutella gave it enough sweetness.Really enjoyed the toasted ham and cheese croissant breakfast sandwich. The croissant was warm and flaky and crispy. Yummy.A wonderful substitute morning coffee place when I can't get a cup of Philz nearby.
4	Very nice location off the freeway. Iced mocha was very good. The ham and Swiss croissant was amazing. They have a wide variety of macaroons for you folks. I would go back for sure. The decor is what you would see in most coffee houses of this genre.
3	Does not open until 7am??? You serve breakfast/coffee on one of the busiest intersections in Vegas and you don't open until 7am?  Rediculous!
4	Love that Sambalatte is now open on 215 & Jones, don't have to drive all the way to summerlin~This location is a lot smaller than the one out in summerlin but there's more seating available outside vs inside I think. It's great to sit outside on a warm day but not on a hot vegas summer day of 104+degrees...I went around 6pm on a Wednesday and there were only a few people there so the service was quick! I ordered the iced macha latte. They didn't ask me for a size so I thought it would be a regular or something but when I got my drink it was in a large cup! It was delicious & worth your money.I also ordered a nutella latte before and that was great too.They have a variety of pastries/desserts that you can purchase as well; including  macaroons! Great place to grab a coffee and chill or catch up with friends.There's tons of parking outside of the shop too!
5	Thanks to in-the-know Las Vegans, I was introduced to this cafe loved by all the locals. It has everything you want from a coffee shop: coffee, tea, food, lots of indoor and outdoor seating, clean bathrooms, wifi, and even plenty of outlets for laptop users. Not so much in the coffee mood, I had two iced teas and a packaged Greek salad. I liked one iced tea more than the other, but they both came in large glasses to keep me refreshed for a long time. The salad was surprisingly fresh and tasty for sitting in a fridge. It was great to have a healthier alternative than the usual scones and cookies (which they have plenty of as well). Most impressive to me was the friendly service. The people who work there are happy to make suggestions, give you the wifi code, and won't give you the stink eye if you stay there a while. A great spot if you're in the area and want a place to hang!
4	Super expensive and long wait but the coffee and pastries are delicious!
4	Nice, relaxing good cafe.  I  had Latte, and I like it.  Also, it was served in a big white nice mag!  Staff is also nice.  I want to come here again if I come nearby and want to have a chat over a coffee, I think =)
5	This is by far, the BEST coffee shop I have ever been to. I was so used to going to Starbucks every day, and having just mediocre lattes, but this coffee shop opened near my house and has drive-thru, so i thought i'd try it. I am hooked. I come here about three times a week. Their iced nutella latte is the best coffee drink ive ever had. Also their muffins are the size of boulders (and quite as dense as one). I have had the chocolate muffin and the blueberry muffin. They are so delicious. I have also tried the almond croissant. Incredible. I dont post on yelp alot but I felt I had to being how delicious this place is. I never go to Starbucks anymore. There really is no comparison. Seriously. Oh, and the staff is super nice also. it gets 5 stars from me easily. Try it. You wont be disappointed.
3	A bit over priced, and usually a bit of a wait for your order.... the coffee is alright but the pastries are delicious!
3	I had tried this location three times, but the coffee flavor is better in the first. Nutella flavor is plain, the service is very slow.
5	My favorite place in town to grab a latte, but they are overpriced on food items. Great coffee and lovely atmosphere.
5	Great place to meet friends, study and enjoy yourself! I love the unique coffees, like the Nutella latte.
5	Great diner-style breakfast place. Clean. Well-cooked eggs. Fluffy pancakes. Service is attentive and super-friendly. Will be my go-to spot when I'm in Vegas.
4	I've been here several times already. I was impressed to find such a nice establishment in this quaint little suburb.Overall the venue is pretty large, with plenty of seating inside and plug outlets for those like myself that like to sit and get some work done. There's appropriate music that isn't too loud playing in the background, and plenty of seating outside for larger parties and when the weather is good. I haven't tried any of the food, but so far I've enjoyed their iced black ginger tea, and their Ethiopia coffee. I was surprised because I didn't recognize their siphon vacuums, and also because on the menu they're called "steam punks." But they were able to make a pretty good cup of coffee, and have a few flavors that I have yet to try. I wouldn't recommend their iced coffee though -- it's like Starbucks. They basically make a batch of hot coffee that they pour over ice, which isn't a very good way to make it. But overall, I've enjoyed all my experiences here and it's been one of my default places for a nice setting to use some free wifi, enjoy some indoor AC, and get some work done while sipping on a drink!
5	Great spot. Great coffee. The only thing that could make Sambalatte better is if there were a Henderson location. :-d
5	A great feel to the atmosphere. Great for meeting a business partner at a semi-casual coffee shop, meeting your best friends or just studying. Must try a stream punk coffee. My favorite is the Brazilian.
3	This place offers good coffee and the lattes are yummy but the price is pretty steep and the vibe is really stiff.  You almost dont enjoy your latte like you should because of the stiff vibe.  The interior is decorated nice and there is plenty of seating.  This would get a 5 star if the pricing was better and/or the drinks were provided with a cheerful smile. What is a coffee shop without the comfort?
3	First let me start by saying I am a die hard Starbucks fan so I might be a little bias. I will say I wanted to try something new because I'm a little burnt out on Starbucks snacks. I went to Sambalatte to get some coffee and their ham and cheese croissant that I saw so many pictures of on yelp. Lucky me I got the last one and it did not disappoint! Unfortunately though my white mocha with and extra shot was not hot and only just okay. I also spent at least 12 mins in the drive thru with only one car in front of me. I might come back just for the croissant but over all the coffee was cold, service was slow and prices are quite steep.
5	The baristas here are really nice. I've come here a few times now and I always enjoy my iced hazelnut latte
2	Let me start by saying that I love the location in Boca Park and my two star review is based on the condescending service I've gotten at this location. I've been here a few times and I've always left in the mindset that I wont come back. My last visit a few days ago was really off. The woman behind the counter stopped to answer the phone in the middle of taking my order. After hanging up she says to me "apparently I am not competent or intelligent enough to answer simple questions, only the owner can" followed by rolling her eyes. ....ok....? Anyway, after waiting 15 minutes and noticing people who had come in after me all getting their drinks, I asked if my nutella latte was on the way where the same woman told me that someone must have "stolen it." No apology no empathy... whatever it's a coffee shop I guess. But when I told my friend that I met there that the service is always off at this location she said that she asked for 3 ice cubes in her espresso and the same woman said "ok I'll make sure it has exactly 3 ice cubes and no more" in a condescending tone. I don't expect amazing service at a coffee shop but it would be nice if they realized they have a job because of their customers, whether some have picky requests or not. I'll definitely keep going to the Boca Park location where I have an amazing experience every time, but I think next time i'm in this area I'll go to Starbucks which is less than a mile away.
3	The coffee and everything is good. They don't have a very large breakfast/ lunch selection, Starbucks beats it when it comes to that....
4	This is the best place for me to study. The shop is big and open. I don't like going to small place and full of people talking. Weekend is normal for here to be packed, but I usually come here on weekdays before or after school. They have outside tables that you can sit and chat with your big group of friends and enjoy the summer heat. Oh well you know fall in coming, enjoy the best weather in Vegas at this time of the year!I love Nutella and their Iced Nutella latte is my favorite for summer coffee. I used to order Nutella cappuccino when the weather was colder. Oh don't forget to try matcha if you like milk greentea. They also have smoothies, and my fav here is Acai smoothie which is a Brazilian berry. Desserts are good but a little pricy. If you like sweet, chocolate crunch is awesome. The staffs here are awesome and friendly. When they are busy, it might be a little slow. But give them times. You don't come to a good coffee shop and rush to go somewhere. Come here and hang out. Have a good coffee with a great conversation with friends. Or put your headset on and study. Too bad they close at 8pm, kinda too early for Vegas. I'm a night owl that I would love to stay till midnight or later.
3	I love Sambalatte but my experience today was just "okay." I was waiting in line and a woman blatantly cut the line in front of me, the barista saw, and said nothing, a "I think she was next" would have been the appropriate response.  That aside, I usually sing Sambalatte's praises to anyone who will listen, but my experiences at the original location are far more favorable than at this store. Maybe I'm just cranky, but in the future I will fight the crappy parking at Boca Park, and go there to get my fix instead. (The pastry/salad/sandwich case seems more fully stocked at BP too.)
3	Aside from my experience today ... the barista took some time to acknowledge me, then I think forgot about me cause my one small iced drink took fooorreverrr...THEN sent me off with the wrong drink!!! (I ordered an iced white mocha and was given something w caramel) I was extremely irritated, but at least the wrong drink still tasted ok. Not the best, but whatev I dealt w it... Anyway. .. it's usually a pretty yummy place for coffee.. but with my experience today I had to lower the rating. Hopefully it was just one bad day w that barista. We all have those days.
5	This place as great espresso!  But the last few times I've been here I've had their loose leaf teas.... They put it in a little french press so I can determine how long I wan it to steep, it's really fun:)  I love to come here to read and mess around on my laptop... The best part of this place, I think is the ambiance, although their other location is bigger and has a really cool second story... I like this place location better. There's less distraction.  The staff puts such a positive vibe in the air... And I've only been here 5 time in the past month and they are already recognizing me. I think his is my new "me day" spot:)
5	I tried the Nutella cappuccino and it was delicious. Not too sweet and just the right amount of Nutella taste. I complimented my coffee with an almond macaroon. The macaroon was tasty, and they had a wide variety of selection of flavors! I will be coming here again to study, work, meet a friend, and enjoy the ambiance. It's very spacious as well and has outdoor seating.
1	I really wanted to love this place. It's a great location complete  with a drive thru. The baked goods are yummy and the service is great, however, I go to a "coffee" place for great coffee. The way I judge a place is based on their espresso shots. On two different occasions their espresso tasted burnt. I tried this place two times and I was disappointed both times. So I will not come back nor do I recommend their coffee.
2	Ok so major customer service problem, ordered drinks and ask if they would bring them out to us because we are on the patio, two different people said sure, but after waiting a while one of the servers come out and say your drinks are ready......but doesnt bring them out. The 8$ sausage muffin was cold in the middle. Besides that the choco crossiant was good, sausage muffin tasted good even cold. The nutella coffee does not taste good. The shots are only okay but the nutella only tasted like pumps of hazelnut with no sugar. Also ordered a veggie quiche, it was decent not great, definitely not 7.75$Total bill for 3 food items and 2 lattes is over $30 with a bonus of horrible customer service.If you really want food not pastry order from trop smoothie and just get subpar coffee from Sambalatte. Save yourself $20.
4	Love the coffee. Nice break from *buck's. They make me smile with the pretty designs in my foam. Trance music, comfy seating both in and out side. Overall, a nice interlude. Wifi pretty dependable, as is coffee quality. We tend to be the geezers, but that doesn't matter much.
5	That's some dang good coffee! Wow!!!! Friendly staff too :) it's a bit expensive, but they use local products and they're like the corner coffee shop, so I don't mind :) definitely worth checking this place out!
3	I was looking for some iced green tea to help me cool down on a hot day and Sambalatte came up in my Yelp search. I also tried a few of the macaroons and a biscotti on my visit. The macaroons were bite size and packed with flavor but the biscotti missed the mark. Very dry and lacking in flavor I would not try another one. The green tea was excellent and was waiting for me while I picked out my macaroons. Service came with a smile and she was very helpful answering my questions on other tea and snack options. Having a drive-thru is a plus.
5	Awesome - love this atmosphere, food and drinks. Everyone is super friendly.Better than starbucks by far
4	Use to be addicted to my coffee and reading a great book to start my days off. Just seems recently not something do as much. Sambalatte Torrefazione though is one coffee shop that I have had my radar on for sometime. I meet friend at the Rampart location for conversation catching up more so then coffee. So just happen hanging out with friends looking for place kill half hour before dinner reservations. Perfect opportunity it was on the way! I had the white mocha. Talk about some serious coffee artwork. I am sure we all take it for guaranteed go fancy coffee shop the little things. Like the foam on top not just scoop of foam. I know I was impressed. Or fact that we all come use too Starbuck or brand name chains forget what its like to get great cup of java in nice wide rim big coffee cup. I got my coffee felt bad not sure the best way to deconstruct the artwork. I did. It tasted really good.I really enjoy looking at the menu. It has that old coffee shop vibe with the long chalkboard menu. They write all the different selection and the names on it. Not only coffee they sell. Sure you have your pastry section, pre package sandwiches, and assortment of other bottle beverages. They have another section off the side with healthy option comes too beverages like coconut waters and healthy bottle water options. The macaroons looked really good again nice diverse selection of macaroons. I like that they have few outside patio seating options. Inside is decent size for coffee shop. The service was fabulous. Everyone was very attentive, friendly, and  made the half hour go by quick. No doubt found my new go spot get my coffee and reading on. Or just want hang out with friends over great cup of java and great conversations another go spot for me.
5	Espresso is the best in Vegas.  The only rival that even comes close is tucked away in the Cosmo.  So this is great coffee without the hassle of the Strip.
3	This coffee is so amazing but it really sucks that every single time I use the drive thru my order gets messed up. One time they never answered the intercom so I went to the window to order after waiting 15 minutes. Multiple other times I ordered and came to the window and they said I'm sorry I didn't get your order can you tell me again also after waiting 15 minutes. It really sucks because I love this coffee but it has forced me to go to Starbucks
3	Matcha latte is really good & to crave for, but just giving it 3 stars because they ran out quick too, 3 out of 5 times I was here! Pistachio flavored French macarons hmmm!  Nice atmosphere & they have a little corner in the back if you want a little bit more privacy or just hangout in the patio side & enjoy the nice weather with your perfect drink!
5	Sambalatte blows starbucks out of the water! Amazing, flavorful, QUALITY drinks and food. I go to the Jones location once or twice a day. A bit more expensive than other places but worth the extra $2-$4.
5	Imagine a coffee  shop where you walk in the door and you hear angels singing in all there glory and smell the aroma of what coffee fanatics think is heaven on earth .. Smooth coffee brewing and sugary pastries filling the air!I was a twice a day Starbucks addict for about 14 years. I stopped going to SB because of some things the CEO said that put me off, but I digress! I was looking for another coffee alternative. Well I had to look no further than this amazing coffee joint! The coffee was smooth and amazing! I've never tasted coffee so good before! I was so used to over roasted coffee that my palate was destroyed to what true beans should smell and taste like! The white mocha ( iced ) had the perfect balance of creaminess and acidity! I'm in heaven! I love that this location has a drive through and may options for food. I will recommend this joint to everyone! Especially because it has a great ambience and its rooming as well as warm and inviting! The baristas are friendly and it's clean! You can't go wrong! Try it out! You won't be disappointed! My only complaint is that the don't have more locations in town!!
3	I like the coffee, but the reason for the 3 stars is because of the price. Seems a bit steep for coffee, so I don't come here everyday to get one. Bought macaroons here for 1.50 each. It's a bit pricey when I can go to manon for cheaper. Also, I used to come here a lot to study, but it is always busy with young teenagers and the music is sometimes insanely high. I feel like I'm in a club. Even with headphones, the music takes over. The baristas are nice though and always accommodating. They have free wi-fii and a frequent buyer card (for every 15 you buy, you get the 16th drink free).
3	I finally got to check out the infamous Sambalatte, and I was not disappointed. I would like to give this place more stars, but I really can't after having seen the menu prices. The ambiance is quaint and cozy. There were a couple of Christmas trees to add to the vibe. The tables are somewhat sticky. I set my books down and was disgusted when my finger got stuck to the table, but nothing a little water and scrubbing couldn't solve. The workers are SPECTACULAR. Specifically Diane and Christina. I came in at 7 AM in the morning, and they were as nice as anyone could be at that time in the morning. They taught me about how different coffees are made, gave me a sample of the Brazilian brew, etc. For them alone I'd give 5 stars to Sambalatte. But then there are the dreadful prices. I can not, in good conscience, spend over $5 on a small non-alcoholic, only slightly-better-than-average drink. To each their own, but personally I'd rather be spending that money on FOOD. I was about to order the matcha latte until I realized not only is it a whopping $6.25, but it doesn't even contain coffee. I thought it'd be a special fusion of green tea and coffee but guess not. So I switched gears to the white chocolate latte which was less wallet killing at $4.25. The latte was ultimately better than Starbucks, and it was served in a much more appealing cup. But personally if I'm going to be spending this kind of money on coffee, the coffee has got to be amazing. And such great coffee does exist ... just unfortunately not at Sambalatte. I'm not sure how often I'll actually come back, despite the wonderful service, but I'm glad I tried it.
5	This was my first time here and I enjoyed the matcha latte greatly. The service was prompt and the ambiance of the cafe was very warm. It was a quiet place to be for me to meet with a friend. I am going to be on this side of town more often so this will become a regular stop for me.
5	My first time at a Sambalatte...I'm not a huge coffee drinker but this was the best coffee I've ever had. I am a flavored coffee fan so I got The White Chocolate Mocha, yum. If only there were Sambalatte's on every corner like other coffee joints. Staff was friendly and helpful with a first timer. The crowd was a bit odd on this particular Sunday but we were there to socialize with friends, not people watch. I will definitely go back, probably not as much as I would like.
