5	Blueberry Cheesecake. Nutella. Pistachio. Raspberry. Black Cherry. Coconut (!) Good, yes. Very very good. But nothing comes close to the gelato perfection of ginger. Why, oh why (please please tell me why) can the Mulberry Creamery not have ginger gelato on their menu every day? How dare they lure me in on my first visit with the spicy creamy wonder, only to yank it away? Even worse, there's no way to know when it will make a glorious reappearance. I keep going back to the spot where we met last, but it's not the same.Ginger gelato, I miss you. Please come back to me. Pistachio with black cherry is good, but only ginger holds my heart and my tastebuds.I promise to visit you every day if you just return.
5	I fell in love with the Samoa gelato: coconut & chocolate.See www.mulberrystreetcreamery.com
5	Bob and I ducked into Mercurio's today after a long day of wandering around Shadyside.  We were stuffed from lunch but we ate a bit of gelato anyway, and here's why: one ounce is 64 CENTS.My mind reeled as I took in the array of gelato tubs.  They have at least 24 flavors, more than I've ever seen at any other gelato place.  And all of them are made fresh locally!  I asked!This is my absolute frozen dream.  Crazy variety, fresh, and CHEAP.  You can go in and ask for one ounce of five different flavors and end up paying under four dollars.A quick comparison: a small size at Ben & Jerry's is 3.50-ish for four ounces, and you can only get two flavors per scoop.  Premium ice cream like Ben & Jerry's is made with heavy cream, and gelato is made with 2% milk at most.  This is why gelato equals more flavor (not as much butterfat coating your mouth) with fewer calories.  Yum.I'm going back as soon as I can for a multi-flavor fix.  Today I tried pistachio and chocolate almond (for a total of 1.85), and they were both excellent.  I'm only getting started though.  There are enough delicious things in Mercurio's to keep me busy for a long, long time.
5	A scoop of cookies and cream with a scoop of confetti hit the spot on a 75 degree summer evening!  Oh man was it good.  I like it when my ice cream actually tastes like something other than opaque ice, and this did for sure!  I wasn't quite sure what the confetti was going to be flavored like when I ordered it, thinking maybe cake batter but it looked good so I got it anyway, and after about 3 bites I could tell it was flavored like that confetti cake mix (or is that stuff flavored after something even else?)!   Flavor!  I want to go back a million more times to try them all!
5	OMG, 42 gelato flavors!! Every other gelato place I know max out at about 12 flavors, haha. If I was living in Pittsburgh about now, I would so go on Mercurio's Gelato Journey and try a different flavor every time I was there... and that's not just because I'm trying to escape the hot and humid Pitt summer. Fiancee and I each got a medium: hazelnut and peanut butter... at under a dollar per ounce. Very good gelato, and open until quite late. I'm under the impression that they're open as long as Girasole downstairs is. (Italian ice cream after an Italian dinner, anybody?) Quite awesome.I'll definitely be back. It calls for at least another 41 visits from me.
5	Mmmmmmmm.....I must go to Mercurio's every time I'm in Shadyside. I love that you can get multiple flavors, which is a big help for indecisive people like me.
4	OK, I'm slow to the party, but I'm happy to have finally stumbled onto this gelato place tucked away from the busier Walnut shopping corridor.They have a very good selection with some interesting flavor combination -- for instance, cinnamon pear.  The texture of their gelato is not as dense and custardy as I'd like, but it was still pretty damn tasty on a hot summer afternoon.
4	Very cute place with tons of flavors - everything looks yummy and it's almost impossible to make a decision.  The mint chocolate chunk was yummy.  The raspberry truffle was not as good - not much raspberry flavor and the truffles didn't have that distinct truffley texture.  Also, a medium is pretty big - even for me, a big girl with a big appetite and a major sweet tooth.  It may be because the density is higher than ice cream.  If you stick to a small, it's affordable.  (There is a $5 credit card minimum.)  It will be crowded on weekend nights because of the traffic for Girasole, but during the day on a Sunday it was practically empty.  There's a nice bench across the street to enjoy your treats and people-watch.I will definitely keep returning to try as many flavors as my food allergies will allow.
5	Why oh why can't you stay open through the winter? I want ice cream...
4	fruity, decadent, and bursting with flavor, oh my!mercurio's, modestly tucked away in a little nook, is pretty sweet (no pun intended..okay maybe).upon entrance, you are greeted with colors that razzle, dazzle, and entice you, along with a friendly staff. the gelato all looks so good that you can't help but ask to sample a few. and sample a few i did.i flirted with the cinnamon bun for a while, and it was incredible, but also incredibly rich. the mango was good, but they went the sweeter route when i was more interested in a tangy one. the pistachio was creamy and not too sweet--just the way it should be.after all was said and done, i decided i wanted a medium cup that consisted of one fruity and one rich gelato. cue pink guava and gianduia (a sweet chocolate that contains about 30% hazelnut paste..think a light and fluffy nutella). it didn't matter what flavor you picked..the gelato was the same consistency as the gelato i had in piazza navona. pink and brown is a good combination on its own, but the flavors worked surprisingly well together. the heavier gianduia was balanced by the pink guava, which made me nostalgic as it reminded me of the philippine pomelo. sinful yet refreshing.at 62 cents an ounce, my medium cup (which is 5-8 ounces generally) came to about $3.50. i took a star off because i happened to get the coagulated, thick top part of the gelato that has a texture similar to a cheap sugary bubblegum that you can't fully enjoy. in the scheme of things, that top part is so tiny compared with the rest of the gelato you get, and if i'm ever back in the 'burgh, i'll be hitting up mercurio's for a new creative pairing.
5	So many wonderful choices, and hearty portions for the price. I love their unusual flavors, like honey-sunflower, as well as their stalwart selections like pistachio and raspberry truffle. If you want a solo small, be prepared to pay cash.
4	Independent ice cream and gelato shops are always intriguing with some of the creativity that can go in their flavors. With an enormous array of flavors like blueberry muffin, apple pie, and cinnamon bun, figuring out which flavor to get is difficult as getting a sample of 42 flavors would be a faux pas. I opted for the apple pie on a sugar cone and came out happy with a creamy ice cream with cinnamon and chunks of pie crust and apples. It was a perfect treat while strolling around the neighborhood.
5	Best Gelato in pittsburgh. HUGE selection. The place is small and usually the line is out the door. Be prepared !!
4	I am a fan because you can totally get 4 different kinds of flavors under 2 dollars. They weigh the ice-cream by ounces. So you can totally say you want this, this, this and this flavor but all together in 3 ounces! And the options are limitless. I go there quite a bit (even have a frequent diner card) and the flavors keep rotating. The gelato is pretty delicious and healthy (being gelato) and you can absolutely indulge if u can/want to or get small portions if that's your style.
5	After recently discovering the joys of gelato on a trip to Seattle, I was eager to find a decent place in the burgh. Mulberry Creamery not only stands up to the Seattle establishments, it beats them in terms of flavor variety and waffle cone tastiness! More flavors than you can shake a stick at? Check.
3	Maybe it's because I don't know my gelato, but I thought this place was just A-OK. There was nothing memorable or special about the gelato or the creamery shop.
5	We went here tonight and it was so yummy. I had the chocolate chip cheesecake. It was delicious and didn't have that awful fake cheesecake flavor. It was buttery. Almost like a toffee flavor. And rich/creamy!I was surprised at how cheap it was. Plus, the place is clean and the staff are friendly.
5	My favorite ice cream place in the city.  Technically this is a gelato place.  Creamy, strong flavors.  Nice place to go if you are wondering around the Walnut Street Shops in Shadyside.
4	Quality Comes At A Cost.Okay, that's not entirely true, right? I mean, who hasn't seen Avatar? Prime example. Wads and wads of cash that could have been used to help starving families in this country were squandered on a lackluster film whose Cheese Factor would have risen only if it were a musical. It was a lame duck. A pretty duck, but a lame one.So quality doesn't always come at a cost, but it does at Mercurio's.The flavor selection is off the charts, causing the brain to atrophy temporarily into indecision only to be kickstarted again by the sheer incomprehensibility of the situation. Expect the following cycle:Caramel green apple? -- yum, I want... -- OMG, mulberry with chocolate chunks? Mmm -- No! I want blueberry muffin... -- Ack! Brain... dying... can't... -- ... -- ... -- ... -- Raspberry & truffles? -- yum, I want... -- OMG...Every flavor I've had is heavenly, sending me into a Stratosphere of Happy for the next 60+ minutes.The only downside is their absurd pay-by-the-ounce scheme, which is really a bid for more money. When faced with so much Deliciousness, are you really going to say, "I only want $2 worth?" No, probably not. And, really, $2 worth of this insanely lip-smacking gelato isn't enough. Hell, $20 worth wouldn't be enough. So, Mercurio's: change the pricing, and I'm yours. Forever. I've already picked out your ring and the China pattern.
5	They have a TON a flavors to choose from! And what made this place stand out wasn't just that, it was the amazingly reasonable price for gelato.  They offer you three different sizes, but they charge you based on how many ounces they put in your cup, currently 62 cents per ounce.  I'm glad that there's a decent gelato place near me, and I will probably be coming by again.
5	I got hooked on gelato in North Beach in San Francisco. I discovered this fantastic little place this weekend (there is gelato that tastes like blueberry muffins; how did I not know of its existence until now!?) and spent a few glorious minutes eating some of the creamiest, yummiest concoction.The best part here is the variety. Literally dozens of flavors to choose from. While standing in the line that was nearly out the door, I read a printout of yelp reviews--one of which suggested ordering a variety of flavors in one cup. Brilliant. I ordered half dark chocolate stracciatella and half strawberry cheesecake in one cup (ugly cups, sorry-- plain white would be classier! but how am I complaining when there is heaven. in my mouth.). The strawberry cheesecake won me over far more than the chocolate, but that's the beauty of ordering different flavors.I officially have a new Saturday ritual in the form of gelato. I think I'll spend weekdays devising strategies for choosing gelato flavors only to order on a whim when the weekend arrives. Mercurio's Mulberry, you are my new obsession.
4	I saw the sign for this delightful gelato shop after dinner one night and rushed in (even though my pasta fish dish was enough to feed 3!). I was glad I did. I caught them during the end of the day but the friendly staff was still glad to serve me. I sample of everything, I shouted. A few of their daily flavors include: Butter Pecan (No Sugar Added),  Banana Strawberry Swirl, Blueberry Muffin, Chocolate Marshmallow, Coconut Cream Pie, Cookies n Cream, Dark Chocolate Stracciatella, Death By Chocolate, Fior di Latte, Gianduia, Hazelnut, Key Lime, Lemon Sorbetto, Mango, Mint Chocolate Chunk, Mulberry Cream w/ Chocolate Chunks, Peanut Butter Cup, Pistachio, Raspberry & Truffles, Strawberry Cheesecake, Tiramisu, Vanilla Custard, Dulce De Leche, Birthday Cake, and Caramel Latte --- but that's not all! There is another listing of Rotating Flavors for you to enjoy!
5	Yum, Yum, Yum and YUM!  The gelatos at this place are delish.  I've gotten different flavors and have never been disappointed.  You can satisfy any sweet craving with their variety of flavors.  I got the Blueberry Muffin a couple of times and it was heavenly.  I'm looking forward to their new Shadyside location in 2011!
5	After discovering that Mercurio's reopened on Walnut St since closing their Copeland St location, I have been there twice in the last week which is huge as I am or think that I am not a huge ice cream/gelato/frozen yogurt eater. The two flavors I had were splendid - blueberry muffin and peanut butter cookie dough in cones. The space is empty which I think they have plans to fill in and it feels uncomfortably warm in the store but as long as my stomach is satisfied I intend to continue indulge myself for the unforeseeable future. I am hooked!
5	I love this place! Their pistachio gelato is amazing! It's the best pistachio ice cream I've ever had... mixed with LOTs pistachios! I always try a whole bunch of flavors but every time still end up getting the pistachio... Although after they moved to this new place it seems like they haven't been able to get their AC working. One time i was there and it was so hot inside that one of their freezers stopped working or something.
4	Great gelato! I loved the nutella flavor... perfect portions, too
5	This place is awesome, the flavors are true to the taste, if that make sense. For example, the blueberry muffin, actually tastes like a blueberry muffin. That's usually my go to flavor, but I've tried others and they've always been delish. I've frequented their previous location on Copeland and happy to see them back on Walnut. I read from the other reviews about the discomfort in the store due to the lack of coolness or overabundance of warmth...I either didn't notice it or I was too busy with my eyes glazed over at all the flavors...it could be that once I order, I leave the store immediately, so warm or cold, doesn't affect my enjoyment of the deliciousness known as Mercurio's.
5	The place is very good. It has high quality italian icecream
5	I absolutely had to try every flavor and I encourage everyone else to do the same. Once you start you realize they're all going to be really good! It was really difficult to choose and then the guy behind the counter said why choose one, when you could have more? The heavens suddenly opened up so many choices! So go in, try 'em, get at least 3 flavors, and then go back the next day and get some more!!
3	Maybe I'm a bit of a miser, but for over four dollars, I should get three times that much product.  But let's get real: this is Walnut Street, so it's going to be overpriced!The ice cream (or gelato or frozen dairy treat or whatever it's called) was delicious, though.  But I still felt that little pit-in-the-stomach feeling of "Crap, I just spent way too much money on something I didn't need," while I was eating it, which sort of ruined the experience.If money ain't a thang, this is probably a pretty awesome place.
5	Cutting to the chase:*Samoa: coconut-y goodness, tossed with chocolate shavings and caramel. The best (do not argue) Girl Scout cookie, molten and churned and chilled into its gelato form. 5/5*Nutella: a balanced chocolate with the perfect amount of hazelnut aftertaste. 5/5*Pistachio: copiously flecked with purple/green pistachio bits. I love nuts. 5/5*Hazelnut: no visible hazelnut chunks. Too weak of a hazelnut flavor for my nut-craving tastebuds. 3/5Flavors rotate, so not all flavors may be available on a given day.
3	Really like the selection here.  However, it's a bit expensive for the amount you get.  I had the birthday cake and caramel latte.  Nonetheless, I'm coming back because I really want to try some of the other flavors.
2	Could no believe my mother and I paid over $10 for a small cone and a microscopic dish.  The prices here I think are absolutely crazy, and the Gelato isn't even made fresh there?That was my first problem with the place.  I asked the girl if the Gelato is made fresh, and she responded yes.  But then when I questioned it because the Gelato was so hard, she admitted they order it from a place that makes it; then, it is shipped frozen.  I'm not trying to sound like an ass, but if I am paying over $10 for two Gelatos, they should be freshly made that morning.  FAIL
4	What's not to love about Mercurio's?!  They recently reopened at their new location right on Walnut Street and are in the process of putting in a pizza oven as well.  My personal favorite flavor is the strawberry cheesecake gelato but unfortunately it's hardly ever on rotation.  I keep going back for more of it with limited success.  Mango, key lime and peanut butter are almost as equally delicious and those aren't even their "bestsellers."  They have so many flavors to choose from that you'll have to go back to try them all!  It's a little more pricey than your typical ice cream but it's well worth the extra cost.  I always go with the small size and it's just enough to quench your craving without making you feel guilty.  You know it's good when you're trying to find excuses to stop in Shadyside so you can swing by and grab a cup of gelato when you live in the North Hills!
4	I'm really leaning towards gelato over ice cream these days.  I just love the creamy consistency.  I also feel like that you don't have to receive a hearty helping (although I do love generous scoops!) to feel satisfied.  You really don't have to worry about not finding your fav flavor because they've got TONS of different flavors to choose from!  And it's not just vanilla and chocolate...it's creative combo's like caramel latte, dark chocolate cherry and coconut cream just to name a few.  I opted for the Amaretto because I can't seem to not choose it when it's available.  I just love that flavor....and it translated perfectly into gelato too!  The absolute only thing I could even complain about, and it's not really complaining, just something I thought was odd...was that they measure out your gelato and you pay by ounce.  I get it when you're getting self serve (like at yogurt places) but when you're not helping yourself, it's just weird.  I suppose if you came in and had only $3 dollars to your name and the total range up at $3.01 they could lop off a little. But I guess it could also work in your favor if you wanted more or less.  I'm pretty sure it's now gonna be my mission to try all the different types of flavors....because they all looked so gosh darn good!
5	I have been a big fan of Mercurio's since the first time I visited.  I'm surprised I didn't get to writing a review about it in the time I lived in PGH. Better later than never, I guess. Let's talk about Mercurio's in its latest location reincarnation. The quality of the gelato is superb, and I haven't disliked one flavour I've tried. Personally, I like the texture and the flavour punch of gelato better compared to its sister, ice cream. Some of my favourite flavours at Mercurio's are: lemon basil, chocolate hazelnut (Nutella), raspberry chocolate chip, and the dark stracciatella. Seriously, you can never go wrong with Mercurio's. The people that work there are super friendly too, and it's a family-run business. I'm glad they moved to this spot right on Walnut, but they have a lot of traffic during the hotter months no matter where they are located. Try it out if you're ever in the Eastside.
4	Raspberry & Truffles...yes please!  Mercurio's definitely ranks as the top gelato shop in Pittsburgh.  They have tons of flavors, and each and everyone is delicious.  I also appreciate that you pay by weight, and the prices are reasonable.  They let you sample unlimited flavors until you decide, def a nice perk.  I haven't had a chance to try their pizza yet, I hoping it's just as good as their gelato.
3	Mercurio's is back -- bigger and badder, if only in its space. The serving size seems to have shrunk a bit and/or the price seems a little higher than in my (granted, not always infallible) memory. The gelato is still good, and the selection is still wide, but a lot of the bins looked more than half empty without being replaced. The space is pleasing and airy and spacious. Instead of the cramped little second floor store of yore, Mercurio's now has beautiful picture windows that look right onto Walnut. It can now accommodate more than one group of sit down customers. However, I feel like it lost a bit of its quirky charm in the process. Now, it looks like any other Walnut establishment -- polished in a generic way.The people who worked the counter, however, didn't seem to really want to be there. I suppose I did show up on a late Saturday afternoon, so the servers may be anxious to end their shifts. I was so excited when I found out that they've re-opened, but I have to admit, my first re-visit was something of a disappointment. Maybe I just caught them on a bad day, or maybe they still have a few more issues to work out during their transition period. I'll try them again in a few more weeks. For now though, 3.5 stars.
4	The ice creams/gelatos here are excellent.  I have tried the pistachio, cheesecake, and mint flavors and they are all great.  Their ice creams/gelatos are creamy and rich (not watered down), but I never feel guilty after enjoying my snacks here.  I especially love their milkshakes!
3	This place is a good place to get gelato, I just think its overpriced.  But if a serving of creamy sweet cold melt-in-your mouth goodness is what your looking for this is the perfect place.  Everything is sold by the lb, so the price of your gelato will always vary.  As with many ice cream/gelato dessert places you can try the different flavors to see what you'll like, so taste them and pick the flavor that you will love!  you won't be disappointed.
4	I love gelato!Went here before heading to the airport and it was as good as usual.I am particularly fond of their key lime gelato which is a great mix of sweet, sour, and tangy.  Other than that I found that the dulce de leche was a bit too sweet, but overall I really like gelato and this is a great place to get it.
5	Great pizza if you dig real pizza! Just like Europe! Big ups!
3	Gelato quite good, but capogiro in Philly wins for me.
5	In every scoop of Mercurios Gelato there are over 13+ years of research, study, testing, obsession and love in their dozens of freshly made daily offerings.  Mrs. Mercurio and her husband took endless culinary workshops and university courses studying every aspect of ice cream and gelato production and you can experience the fruits of their labor in every taste.  They recently added pizza to their offerings.The Mercurio's son trained at an authentic Sicilian pizza shop and they had an italian pizza oven imported to give an authentic product.   While many rave about the pizza at piccolo forno in lawrenceville, I found Mercurios to be much more authentic (and delicious) compared to the pizza I had in Italy.  The pizza dough is paper thin and savory (almost like crepes) the toppings are all fresh, generously administered and the crust is perfectly crispy.The raw brick walls and black and white photos of italy complement the atmosphere and the staff were all extremely friendly and enthusiastic.  I'm not normally a huge Gelato or Pizza fan, but Mercurio's does not offer normal gelato or pizza.  They are the finest example of both I've tasted in Pittsburgh, I look forward to many more happy meals and desserts here, Mercurios has made me a believer!
5	Such a lovely little find on Walnut Street!  Gleaming glass displays of gelatos await as you stroll through the door...it looks like a painter's palette of deliciousness all ready for sampling.  So sample away!  Friendly servers/scoopers are generous with tiny silver spoons laden with whatever temptation tickles your curious gelato fancy. The staff is so friendly and helpful!  After extensive sampling, I chose Blackberry Merlot for my first scoop and the totally decadent Dark Chocolate Salted Caramel.  Rich, smooth, cold, creamy luscious frozen cream teeming with flavors that made me swoon with happiness.  Bravissimo!Oh, and lest you think Mercurio's is for sweets only, the pizzas, salads and other treats are authentic Italian masterpieces, as well!  The pizzas, straight from the brick oven imported from Italy, were gorgeous!  Word is (that old gluten devil prevented me from sampling the pizzas) the flavors matched the beauty of the crusts and toppings.  Speaking of toppings....Mercurios makes their own mozzarella!!!!!  Wow.That gluten issue regarding pizza at Mercurios may soon be a thing of the past.  Linda Mercurio's husband (Dr. Mercurio!) is diligently working on a gluten-free crust!  Once he has perfected it, gluten-free pizza will be on the menu and I, for one, cannot wait!
2	Cute ambiane. The professionalism behind the gelato counter? Not so much.Hankering for some gelato after dinner at Girasole, we came to Mercurio's for dessert. They have a good variety of flavors, as well as the sorbettos. I asked one of the girls at the counter if I could sample some flavors. They give you so little to sample! I then asked another girl if I could sample another flavor and she too gave a teeny little scoop! Come on now...I settled on the Tiramisu and the girl did a poor job scooping. It looked so sloppy, unprofessional, and the size of the scoop was also pretty small. Good tiramisu though, but beware of their stinginess. Disappointed.
3	I wish I could write separate reviews for their gelato and for the rest of their food. The gelato would easily get 5-stars. It's not as rich as real Italian gelato, but the flavors are excellent. As for the food, well, it's just okay. After the Yelp Elite event there (which was awesome!) my wife and I went back for lunch and had the bufala mozzarella pizza and the portobello salad. The pizza tasted okay, but the consistency was all off. The dough was soggy (too much sauce??) and limp, and nothing actually stayed on the pizza (it all just fell right off). The salad was also okay (the lemon zest was a nice touch), but it was pretty uninspired. Just a bunch of arugula and maybe 1/2 a mushroom cap...that's it.  If I were in a pinch, I would probably go back...but it won't be my top choice.That said, get the gelato!
5	After trying pizzas from various places in the Burgh, this place provides the best experience. The basic margarita pizza is filled with so much flavor and try and combine this experience with a cappuccino or a gelato!
2	Being a pizza afficianado, I make it a point to try every new pizza place. In the past 2 wks, I have gotten both the pizza margherita and the pizza marinara to take home and try. During both visits, I had the same lackluster experience with the employees, The first time, I stood by the register waiting for one of the many servers standing talking at the register to even notice my existence. The 2nd time, I awaited at the register yet again while 2 employees had a heated discussion about how to change the register tape. Nobody acknowledged my presence until one of the pizza makers thankfully exhorted them to help me. Overall, the pizzas were fairly good; however, I think they could afford to add a bit more cheese and tomatoes; the items on the pizza were a bit lacking in quantity. Their biggest hurdle, though, is to perhaps better train and supervise the employees.
5	Mercurio's now has a brick over, so any of you that remember it in its past location, atop Girasole, may be wonderfully surprised to know that you can now get the most authentic Italian-style pizzas in the Burgh at Mercurio's new locale.  I was extremely impressed with the new pizzas, as they are definitely the closest thing I have found in Pittsburgh to an authentic Napolitan pizza.  The brick oven is even imported from Naples.The mozzarella is fresh and homemade too, and if you have ever tried fresh mozzarella on pizza, you certainly know the difference.The gelato here is fantastic as well - best in the city, and all homemade.  There are too many flavors that sound delicious for me to try, so I will certainly be back for more.FYI, last time I ordered the pizza topped with arugula (my favorite pizza topping ever) and finished with the Lemon Basil gelato.  Yum.
4	First, its beautiful inside. I really like the decor and it's so clean!Second, ummmmm, they have a gazillion different kinds of delicious gelato! Added bonus - they let you try a few flavors before you buy AND they let you pick more than one! :) I had birthday cake and blueberry muffin, the latter being my favorite. It tasted just like a muffin and I could have easily had another serving.I can't wait to go back and try some more!
5	I've been going to Mercurio's for several years now, but their new location on Walnut is definitely an improvement on the old. They still have the same excellent gelato flavors and waffle cones, but now offer a full array of lunch and dinner options in addition to wine and beer. All the food I've had here has been excellent, but I especially like their wood-fired pizzas and salads. This is now near the top of my list for Italian food in the area, and makes a wonderful spot for both lunch and dinner.
3	Needed a quick dinner after a long drive. Ordered a margherita pizza, salad, and a glass of montepulciano. The pizza was definitely the highlight. Not the best ever, but very good and fresh. The salad would have been good had there not been huge chunks of salt in every bite. Kind of killed it. And the wine was terrible, but I guess you get what you pay for.We grabbed some gelato on our way out. I had the hazelnut and could only finish half of it. M had the chocolate peanut butter and wished he'd stuck with regular chocolate. They have a lot of flavors but if none of them are excellent, what does it matter?Overall probably not the best meal on Walnut St. but they're definitely trying.
4	Damn you, Mercurios, for opening within walking distance of both my gym, and my apartment.   Go to hell, for having convenient hours into the evening and being so accomodating as to let me taste all the gelatos before I buy.  THEN you had to go and open your pizza oven and serve delicious pizza at great prices with nice outdoor seating.  TOTALLY NOT NECESSARY.My thighs will never be the same.After tasting the Amaretto gelatto, I discovered that my life had been missing something all along and that amaretto gelato wsa its missing piece.Sounds like I've got a food addiction.  Don't judge me.  Try the gelato and pizza and then you tell me how you're doing SO MUCH BETTER than I am.;)
4	Someone recommended Mercurio's to me yesterday and so I came in for dinner. The pizza is great! If you like brick oven pizza, you will enjoy this place. At the recommendation of our waiter, we ordered the Pizza Del Re, and also ordered the Primavera at our own volition. The Primavera was pretty good, but the Pizza Del Re was out of this world. All of the ingredients were great, but I think it was the truffle spread that put this over the top.These pizzas can be a little tricky to eat without losing all of the toppings. We tried knife-and-fork plus the usually pizza-eating techniques, but found that the best way to eat it without making a mess is to fold the piece in half (so you are essentially creating another pie-shaped piece that is half the size). This keeps all of your toppings on and lets the "juice" seep out the back.I tend to go to an unnamed (3-star worthy) frozen yogurt place just down the street when my sweet -tooth kicks in, but this will definitely be my new go-to. I tried the caramel latte and the pistachio, and if you are sitting down for dinner, your waiter/waitress can serve it for you so you avoid the line. I want to try to Salami pizza next and there are a few more gelato flavors that I was tempted by, so I'm sure I will be back soon.
4	I would love to come back to try the food and some wine, but I was content with the gelato and the superb service! There were plenty of flavors to choose from. It's definitely more of an American-style gelato, but that didn't matter to me. It was delicious!
4	I came here for the pizza the other night as I've heard other friends raving about it.  I was a bit skeptical that a gelato place could make good pizza, but I was proven wrong.I ordered the Pizza del Re, which sounded absolutely splendid.  Truffle oil, mushrooms, fresh mozzarella, and prosciutto di parma.  As I suspected, it was pretty friggin amazing.  The prosciutto and the truffle oil made it stand out though.  It was such a wonderful medley of flavor.  The only reason I couldn't give this place 5 stars was the crust.  It got kind of soggy and reminded me more of a pita rather than pizza crust.  It was OK... but definitely could be improved.  However, I can't wait to try some of their other pizza options.  This definitely has become one of my favorite pizza places in Pittsburgh.
4	Mmmm... Gelato here is awesome. Came in here for my first time and was impressed with everything I saw. A ton of different selections of Gelato, I had the coconut cream pie which was incredibly good. They also have a brick oven pizza and some beers on tap set up although I didn't try it. They sell the Gelato by weight which I think is a great way to sell these types of products in my opinion. The woman behind the counter was very friendly. I can't come back here soon enough matter of fact I'm going here today again.
5	This place was fantastic! I'm a fanatical pizza lover and generally prefer just plain pepperoni but the menu here is static and this wasn't an option. And yet, I couldn't be happier.We tried the Oliva, with tomato sauce, black olives, basil, and mozzarella, and let me tell you, it was wonderful! The man I was with has had pizza in Italy and said this wasn't too far off from what he tasted there.The crust was delicate and light while still having a rustic feel and enough body to carry the heaviness of the cheese. The mozzarella was clearly of a high quality, the tomato sauce was gorgeous in both color and flavor, the olives gave it pizazz, and the basil complemented everything else beautifully to make a wonderfully well rounded flavor. It is probably the second best pizza I have ever tasted, the first being Memphis Pizza Cafe in Memphis, TN, and as much pizza as I have tried, thats really something!  And for that, we paid 10$. It was really remarkable. Afterwards, we each got a cup of gelato for the walk home, and this was splendid as well! There were sooo many flavors, it was very difficult to choose! Many had things mixed in like chocolate pieces or cherries or pie crust. The flavors were very diverse. The toasted coconut was a perfect balance of toasty coconut and soft creamy chocolate. The caramel latte was the best coffee flavored ice cream I have ever had. I don't generally like coffee, but this was perfectly subtle in its coffee flavor with a punch of caramel after it sits on your tongue for a moment. It was really a fantastic treat and we paid less for this than we would have at a Cold Stone or Marble Slab.All in all, if you do not like pizza, this may not be the place for you, but if you're fond of Italian, do not miss this place!! I will only be in town for another three days and I am already planning to go back for one more round before I leave. Worth every penny of the less than 20$ tab and a fabulous experience!
5	I went to Mercurio's because I got an Amazon Local deal and I must say they impressed me and I most certainly will be going back! The pizza was amazing! Each pizza is a good amount for one person. When we were done, we were full and satisfied but not stuffed (and still had room for a little gelato). The pizza crust was perfect, thin, light, but had the perfect bite. All the ingredients are SO fresh, you can taste each ingredient but they all mesh together perfectly. They definitely earned a new regular!
2	The food here was good, but the prices are outrageous.I am by no means stingy, and I was expecting to pay a little more for a gourmet pizza... But $17 for a 12" diameter pizza with a couple pieces of prosciutto on top? Never again. It's a shame, because I did like the pizza and it would be nice to have a good Italian-style pizza every once in a while.The gelato is really good, so I'll just stick to that in the future.
4	I only stopped into the cute little shop for a quick gelato with a friend and I'm glad that I did!Its a very cute shop that offers food and gelato.I tried the Mango Gelato, and also the Salted Caramel Gelato and it was good!  :)I'll def revisit, I'd be very curious to try some of the tasty flat breads that were coming out of the kitchen area!
4	I've been to Mercurio's a couple of times. A decent place for some gourmet pizza and dessert when in Shadyside. The carne e fromaggio appetizer is good; the bread that comes with the meats, cheeses, and arugula plate is nicely toasted without being so crisp that it falls apart. Their pizzas are hit or miss, and light on the toppings in my opinion, but still make for an enjoyable meal. Off of the pizza menu, I've had the Prosciutto and Pizza Roberto. The Pizza Roberto, in my opinion, is not worth the try (or price)... the home made burrata cheese makes the pizza watery and soggy. Do yourself a favor - save $7 and get the Margherita pizza instead. Luckily I used an online voucher deal during the meal that I ordered the Pizza Roberto, so the disappointment wasn't too damaging.
5	This is now my favorite Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh. I love the pizzas, salads, and of course the gelato. The staff are friendly and the restaurant is clean and even kind of cozy. I usually go there with my boyfriend and we split a salad and a pizza, then we each get a small gelato. I leave feeling not overstuffed but perfectly satisfied. My favorite pizza is the del ray pizza. So delicious. This place has never disappointed me.
4	Was very happy when this place finally opened. Walnut Street has been lacking in decent restaurants, with the exception of Girasole. The pizza is pretty good. They also have a nice selection of salads which are interesting and big enough to share. Nice to have a decent glass of wine with your pizza as well. I think the outside seating is best, the inside can be somewhat cramped and a little odd with the people standing in line for gelato, which, By the way is fantastic.
4	Decided to wait out rush hour here tonight. Nice staff. My BF and I shared the Primavera Con Carne and the Pizza Del Re.  Both were good Neapolitan style pizzas.  I am not very partial to white button mushrooms, so I had to ask the server about the mushrooms on the Del Re.  They were white button, but the pizza was still awesome.  The truffle spread was RICH!  I personally don't recommend eating the Del Re by yourself.  Don't get me wrong, I'd order it again in a heartbeat..... but it would just be too much by itself.  Doing a salad and half this pizza for two people would be the right amount.  Or like I did, mixing in the Primavera Con Carne which had the acidity from the tomato sauce and the marinated artichokes to cut the heaviness of the Del Re.  We finished with a sweet and creamy, yet tart acidity Key Lime Pie gelato, which was heavenly.  The girl behind the counter said that she was happy that I did a taste test of the key lime and liked it.  She said it was her favorite, but 90% of the time she recommends it, no one gets it.  So she just stopped recommending it.  Sometimes the best things are left undiscovered.  Leaves more for me :)   I will be coming back for your Key Lime Gelato.  It was a perfect ending to a rich and filling dinner.
5	Their pizza and icecream are delicious. I haven't find any other place with so good pizza nor icecream in Pittsburgh.
5	The key lime pie gelato was delicious - boyfriend always knows what I'll like :) Death by chocolate was rich, satisfying, and definitely not what I expected from gelato. Yummmm :)
3	If your in the mood for some good Neapolitan Pizza from the brick oven...M's is a good place.  The pizza's are handmade with very tasty ingredients including San Marzano tomatoes.  The Margherita pizza did not disappoint.  The crust was thin and crisp on the edges but soft in the middle.  Why 3 stars.  The poor waitress, one, had a lot of tables and was falling behind but very mindful and stopped to check on us,   Finally, received some assistance from someone from the basement kitchen but it was just to slow.   The salads and Gelato looked great...so next time.
4	My husband and I tried Mercurio's for the first time tonight for a light dinner before happy hour at another restaurant in Shadyside. The restaurant was pretty quiet - even for a weekday (Thursday) night - with only about 10-12 customers in the restaurant throughout our dinner.Our waitress Ivy quickly greeted us when we came into the restaurant. She was attentive throughout our meal, bringing my husband a couple drink refills and checking on us several times. All the pizzas on the menu looked tasty, and we asked Ivy for recommendations. She listed four of her favorites, most highly recommending the Bianco (garlic, basil, parmigiano reggiano) and the Pizza Del Re (truffle spread, mushrooms, and prosciutto). The Pizza Del Re looked like the more unique option, so we decided to split that.The pizza was a unique and delicious combination of toppings. The $6-16 price point for the various pizzas is very reasonable for both the restaurant's Shadyside location and the quality of food delivered. The size of the pizza is either sharing size for a light dinner or will probably require a takeout box if just ordered by one. The wait was about 15 minutes for our pizza. Though the wait time was very reasonable, I would be concerned about how long the wait would be if the restaurant was packed.Though we just tried pizza tonight, walking by the gelato was nearly resistible. The flavors were extensive and looked absolutely delicious. I came so close to ordering some, but then thought it best to wait until next time since I was heading to happy hour. Cannot wait to come back and try the gelato in the future... it looks no less than heavenly!
3	Good gelato at a high price.Mercurio's is a neat little gelato place located in the heart of Shadyside. The atmosphere is very classy and feels very much like a place where adults would enjoy a sweet treat. The selection is great and the flavors all sound very delicious. I was a little confused by the menu located behind the freezers, which may have contributed to the high cost of my gelato. Ultimately I ended up buying the medium-sized, two flavor gelato... which can range in weight up to 3oz (or $2.50) depending on how the server decides to scoop it.While the gelato is excellent, it is overpriced in my opinion. I don't think I can justify spending $6 on a tiny dish of frozen goodness, no matter how good it may be. This place will be an occasional treat but isn't likely to be a frequent stop.
3	I stopped by here this past Thursday for a snack of sorts with my girlfriend.  Both of us had been wanting to try Mecurios as we both used to love the place whenever it was only a small gelato shop.  The inside of the restaurant was interesting with what seemed like half of the shop for employees and the other half for patrons.  This was further divided by the gelato area which had around 20 different selections and 2 reserved tables and the restaurant which had a nice looking wood brick oven and the rest of the tables.My girlfriend and I decided to start off out meal with the pesto pistachio antipasti which was pistachio and basil pesto with cheese and orange zest served on a pizza crust.  The flavors were good and I enjoyed both the pesto sauce and pizza crust but the real winner was the orange zest.  It was prevalent enough that you could taste it and its citrusy flavor but did not overpower the pistachio and basil.  For our main pizza to split my girlfriend and I decided on the salame calibrese which was a pizza topped with tomatoes, basil, EVOO, mozzarella and salame.  The crust tasted the same as the first and was good but I didn't think the bottom was firm enough.  Now I don't want to go arguing with the AVPN but I want to be able to pick up my pizza to eat it but with this I could not and had to use a fork.  Even with that being said the pizza was still good and the salame giving a nice saltiness to it.The bottom line for me is that I will probably head back here in the future.  Granted that it may be for Gelato but there is always the off chance that I could order a pizza again and I would shy away if someone else wanted to go here.
1	My wife and I met another couple for pizza and gelato on Saturday night.  It was moderately busy when we arrived but we were seated quickly.  The food was good except for the sausage pizza which was super greasy.  After our meal we got gelato, but it took multiple attempts to order because they were out of half of the menu selections.I didn't mind that our bill was $80 for 4 small pizzas and 4 small cups of gelato, but I did mind being shooed out of our seats by a waiter who said that they had a private party coming and that we had to leave.  I have never been treated like this before and we definitely will not be going back.
4	Gelato review only - although I must return soon for the pizza.  From the other reviews and the look of it, I can't wait to taste it. We came in at like 7 on a Friday night.  It was packed, but they had left 2 tables in the front for gelato eaters, which I thought was really nice.  I agree with some of the other reviewers that paying by the ounce is weird when you aren't filling up the cup yourself, but after tasting it, I could care less how much I pay for it. J got the birthday cake which had huge chunks - huge! - of birthday cake.  I got the caramel chocolate latte.  Wow.  It was ridiculously creamy and flavorful.  I also really like that the cups are biodegradable - always nice to give back to the earth. If you haven't been for the gelato, you must go.  Tons of flavors, something for everyone!
4	Tasty brick oven pizza awaits you in Shadyside.  Mercurio's is a great place to eat some pizza and gelato.  Very good Neapolitan pizzas to choose from, including some exceptional veggie options.  Don't come here expecting greasy NY style, cholestorol-laden deep-dish, or incredibly saucy Little-Ceasers-esque pizza.Service is solid, and the price is reasonable.  Quantity of food is plenty.  The gelato selection is relatively robust, and is quite flavorful.  All-in-all, a very strong establishment which I highly recommend.
5	YUMMMM this place is delish. And, the pizza takes no time at all to make. The gelato is great too and if you have the loyaltree app you can get free stuff. We had a plain pizza (boring but good) and a Med.?? (can't remember but there were artichokes). Both were great and there is WAYYY too much for one person, you can def. share these.I really want to try a gelato milkshake! Looks delish.
4	Although the staff are a bit inattentive, as you could possibly stand there waiting for a table for a few minutes while the college aged waitresses walk by sweeping or cleaning menus, the food is to die for. I ADORE the pizza with truffle oil, prosciutto and mushrooms, the caprese salad is ripe and plump, and finishing off the meal with 4 different types gelatos (shared with my mom, of course) makes for a scrumptious night!
4	Been to Pittsburgh many times, have eaten all over the place. My favorite for pizza is Mercurios. Baked in the neopolitan style in a wood fired oven the along with use of  fresh ingredients is their recipe for success. The shop occupies a bright cheery space in the Shadyside section of Pittsburgh. As an added bonus enjoy a tasty gelato a great way to top off your meal. Good prices good service and pleasant atmosphere. Belisimo.
4	Authentic brick oven pizza! Thin crust ... And delicious !! The atmospheres is like a normal pizzeria with gelato ... For starters we had the bruschetta fresh and amazing !! Then We ordered the traditional Margarita pizza and mushroom pizza .. Both were very good !! Wrapped it up with a lil gelato ,, fig and almond, different but good
2	I tried the gelato. It was not very good.
4	I've been here many a time for their gelato. My favorite is the cantaloupe, which is super hard to find in the States!But I finally tried the pizza here, and was pleasantly surprised at how authentic it was! Props for NOT adding oregano to the sauce! I thought the crust could use a little more char and chew but this is me being picky...it's really, really good pizza. Way better than overhyped Piccolo Forno!I have to say it's sad that they only have one pizza topped with Mozzarella di Bufala, and when I asked if I could get another pizza with Bufala, I got the "no substitutions" BS. Come on, it's not really a substitution...it's more like I'll pay you extra to upgrade my cheese. Nope, they wouldn't have it.The pricing is also weird. The Margherita is $9 (very reasonable) but the exact same pizza, with Bufala, is $15 (overpriced, IMO). Il Pizzaiolo only has a $3 difference between their regular and Bufala Margheritas, which are more expensive, but much bigger.While my heart still belongs to Il Pizzaiolo, this is a great option if you're craving DOC pizza and don't want to leave the East End. Especially if you want gelato for dessert!
4	Ice-cream here are soooo yum, not too sweet, the right natural flavor and the creamy texture.And you have to try their Pizza, they are all handmade and homemade with the best Italian-certified ingredients. Based in the brick real fire oven. My favorite is the PIZZA DEL RE, with truffle spread, mushrooms and Prosciutto, brilliant combination.
5	Having lived in New York, Chicago, and San Francisco, I am spoiled when it comes to eating out. In any of these cities you can get a fabulous meal for a great price. Whenever I talk to friends from any of these cities, they always ask me about the cuisine, to which I say: Fries. Cold fries. Cold fries on your burger. Cold fries on your salad. None of my friends have come to visit. But now I have something to entice them with. Mercurio's is AWESOME. I have eaten pizza straight out of an outdoor pizza oven in the middle of wine vineyard in Tuscany and the pizza at Mercurio's easily tastes as authentic. We also had an appetizer of olives and bread, a carafe of wine, and a gelato to top off the meal. Our entire bill was 40 bucks. Terrific food does not have to be expensive, and it also does not have to be topped with fries. Thank you Mercurio's!
4	love the selection of gelato flavors. next time I go I definitely want to try their food! seating is a little tight but the gelato is just so good!!
5	Great pizza and gelato in Shadyside.
4	This is probably the only place to bother eating at on Walnut street. Fresh, artisanal pizza. Great tasting, light-textured gelato.  Friendly servers and staff. The pizza? Fantastic. It will take time for the to make it, and it is not any damned Pizza Hut where they stuff you full of dough. The veggies are fresh, the cheese like velvet, and dough complements all the textures. I actually got accustomed to *not* being full just for the flavor and refreshing nature of a meal here. Some issues I have are with the setup of the restaurant itself. It is hard to tell where to sit/stand for pizza or gelato. I walk in and am not sure who to talk to or where to go. Grab a server? Go to the register? Just sit down?  Maybe a hanging sign above where you should go for what you wish to buy would help. (Though that would totally destroy the decor, I know). It may just be too small a place given its popularity. It can get crowded and loud with all the traffic. The gelato brings large families, kids, etc. This is kind of cool, but can detract from the dining experience if you are unprepared. If the staff seem harried or aloof, it is more because of the bougie restaurant goers that are denizens of the area, than the staff not caring about customers. At least, that is my opinion of all my experiences there. The menu is one-page, and it may help if there was some general categorizations of the pizzas there. The list is flat, but since I try to be veggie, it would be nice if there was some breakdown on the pizza types based on general toppings.
3	I'm a little baffled by the high ratings for the pizza!  I have traveled the U.S. and have had thousands of pizzas.   This pizza is mediocre.   Bland sauce, 3 slivers of basil and a couple of small droppings of cheese on a dough that looked and tasted like a crepe!   Wife and I will pass!   There are Sooooo many other places in the burgh for better pizza!     The service was very good and  the gelato was yummy! That's where the 3 stars come  in!   We really wanted to like this pizza!  We ordered and literally 2 min later, pizza on table???
3	The gelato here is wonderful. Mercurio's offers an extensive variety of flavors, from chocolate to vanilla, Nutella and pistachio, etc. Lots of choices for people with different palates, and best of all, each size allows for scoops from 2 or more flavors. A lovely, creamy texture, and not too heavy or rich.The pizza I am on the fence about.Mercurio's offers artisan flavor combinations and I love that it's fired in a brick oven. The crust is both crispy and chewy, a nice consistency in my opinion, but the sauce is SO bland. My companion and I shared a Caprese appetizer (deelish) and a Funghi pizza. The mozzarella on the Funghi was fresh and firm, the basil was strong and flavorful, the mushrooms had a delightful texture, but the sauce was like a wet blanket over all of it. It needs a dash more .. something. Salt, perhaps?Another gripe I have: the layout. If you're just walking in for gelato, the case is right up front and it's quite convenient. But if you want to dine in, you have to try to squeeze in-between gelato-goers at the front and seated tables on the side just to get to a manager or someone on the wait staff to let them know you want a table and some menus.Otherwise, service was prompt and friendly. I could see myself eating here again, or, at the very least, coming back for that yummy gelato.
2	Mediocre food and service.  Poor layout.  Some friends and I decided to head to Mercurio's on a whim.  Although many of the complaints revolve around the price of the food served here, I did not feel the costs were extraordinary.  I did, however, feel the food was mediocre.  I ordered the portobello salad that amounted to a huge over-salted pile of arugula with a measly mushroom on the side.  I also ordered the meat and cheese plate, which was adequate.  But, when we asked the waitress what cheeses were on the plate (1) she did not know and had to ask the kitchen and (2) after she asked the kitchen, she claimed there were 3 cheeses on the plate.  There were not 3 cheeses on the plate.  There were also little things that the waitress did that suggested a lack of attention and experience.  For instance, we asked for 3 glasses for the wine carafe because one my friends is clearly pregnant.  She brought 4.   We arrived a little after 5 and were seating immediately by the gelato counter.  Initially this was fine; but as the night wore on, the counter became increasingly busy and we ended up with rear ends at the backs of our heads.
5	My favorite on the walnuts street
4	casual place. good gelato.
5	Five stars for the gelato, including a *delicious* no-sugar-added butter pecan for us sugar-avoiders.  A bit of a stylish joint though so don't come in your flip-flops and sweatpants!
4	Went to this place over the weekend, when you first walk in it's kinda confusing. You have to walk to the back to get pizza. I had gotten just a plain margarita pie, which is just enough for you. The pizza is very good the only down side is that it's not crispy. And it does take a while, about 15 minutes per pie you order. But overall it was very good, order from there twice. Will go back!
4	PIZZA DEL REY. I have not tried the gelato yet (gasp!). But the pizza is one of my favorites in the city. Again, PIZZA DEL REY. So amazing. I hate to seem all trendy and such, but damn, I love truffle oil.The pizza crust is incredibly thin--almost too thin at times. It is not always crispy enough and can get quite soggy under all the toppings and cheese. But the crust has a nice, simple flavor.The pizzas have fresh toppings and are fire-baked, so they come out quickly and (usually) cooked to perfection. The problem with those ovens, though, is sometimes spots of the crust are burnt while the rest is a little underdone.They offer some wines and some beers, but it's not a very large selection. Likewise, the salads and sandwiches do not have a ton to offer, but I have not tried one yet, so I can't say anything about their quality.I guess since they just semi-recently expanded to serve pizza, I will cut them a little slack for the lack of boozing options and limited food menu. I hope they expand a little to add more space and maybe pasta!Service is always pleasant, but usually kind of slow. I guess that's ok because I am never in a rush if I sit down to eat there. I find it a little strange there is no host or anything because if you go in on a super busy night, you'll find yourself awkwardly in the way or seemingly standing in line for gelato. Meh. Oh well!
3	I've been here twice so far. Once for the pizza, and once for the gelato. Both in the same night seemed like dairy overload.The pizza was pretty flavorful, but I was very disappointed with how watery it was. Since I've only had it once, it could certainly be due to the particular ingredients that came on my pizza. The crust seemed properly cooked and everything - but there was just too much water on top.I quite like that they use the hotter-than-hell-flash-cook method for cooking the pizzas. I much prefer the thin crust and nice charred taste that it provides compared to the thick crust baked wonderbread taste.The gelato was all delicious. Nice selection of flavors.The staff was very friendly as well. I'll definitely be back to see about getting a slightly drier pizza. Hopefully they can get bumped up a star or two if they deliver.
5	One of the best pizza restaurants I've ever been too. Started with the panzanella salad which had a delicious dressing. Then shared the Margarita which tasted light and fresh and the pizza Del Rey, house made mozzarella, truffle spread and prosciutto - amazing! Ended with one of the award winning gelatos. Great meal! Our waiter Justin served us well, was friendly and full of good information about what kinds of fun things there are to do in Pittsburgh. We will be back
5	I go here with my friends all the time. I get the margarita pizza- it's simple but deliciousssss. The tomato sauce must be house made because it certainly doesn't taste like the sauce you get from the jar- therefore it's not salty and the red is a soft red but very flavorful. The toppings are drops of actual mozerella cheese not the packages frozen one. And there's always three to four leaves if Basil on the center of the pizza which is approximately 8-10 inches in diameter (I think). Their gelatos are also delicious! Such a variety of flavors and it's not too thick or sugary. It's a perfect casual dining place. Even a simple date.
4	Come when the weather is nice so that you can sit outside, drink a glass of wine, and enjoy some delicious pizza. The Funghi is a must!Make sure to sample some gelato after you eat. There are tons of flavors to choose from, chocolatey as well as fruity.
5	Great Food!  Try the Pizza Del Re.  Incredible!
4	Neopolitan pizza is not like other pizza, so Mercurio's food will not suit everyone.  That being said, the pizza tastes exactly as Neopolitan ought to--chewy in the middle and browned /crispy on the crust.  It's light on the cheese and toppings, so it tastes much healthier than other pizza.  I've had the Fungi, Primavera, Prosciutto, and Regina(?)/Bufalo mozzarella pizzas, and my clear favorite is the Regina/Bufalo mozzarella pizza.  Given how delicate and flavorful the Bufalo is, I agree with another reviewer that it would be nice if they allowed you to switch the house-made mozzarella with the Bufalo on other pizzas.  The simplicity--while usually delightful--can occasionally translate into blandness; for that reason, I like Il Pizzaiolo slightly more-- it has more options. Another thing that makes Mercurio's feel authentically Italian is the reasonably priced and tasty glasses of house wine.  I have to mention the Caprese and Prosciutto Paninis-- these are so big, filling, and flavorful, with gooey mozzarella and balsamic vinegar!  They come with a side salad or soup, so this is almost the better option if you're really hungry and wanting some melty comfort food. Given that the restuarant has a popular gelato shop right in the middle of it, it's more of a lunch or a casual dinner place--don't go expecting an intimate, romantic setting.  If the hubbub bothers you, you can always wait a few minutes extra/ request a table in the back section away from the gelato line.  And Yeah; Dulce de Leche gelato is sooo delicious.  The more I have Mercurio's pizzas, the more I crave them.  I'm definitely trying the Pizza del Re next time.
5	Mercurio's pizza is so good, baked in a wood fired oven!  And they have the best Gelato so many flavors.    They have nice outside seating also!  I love to sit outside and have a glass of wine and watch the people go by while I'm waiting for my pizza! We love to go to shadyside and take our dog with us for a walk, its real dog friendly there. And I love to eat outside at Mercurio's when I have my dog with me!
4	The pizza here is very idiosyncratic; let me explain. The mozzarella is housemade. I could taste that the dough was housemade too. It was very soft, almost pita like, yet it retained char from the brick oven giving it a smoky taste. Simply, a unique crust. The tomato sauce tasted fresh and unique too. If I was a betting man, I'd wager that the tomato sauce is housemade too. I'll also mention that most of (if not all of) the pies cost $15 or less. The quality certainly places Mercurio's pies in Pittsburgh's elite class of pizza..Now the gelato. There are about forty flavors. I settled on the Salted Caramel Truffle. Honestly, I felt like I was in a TV commercial for ice cream as I enjoyed it. The base was luscious and creamy. The gooey caramel and the crisp chocolate truffle bites created for textural contrast. Altogether, it was rich and delicious, yet not overbearing.A few final points: The service here is very fast; I sat near the oven and witnessed my pizza being taken out of the oven and brought to my table within a minute. The waitresses were very attentive. I also liked the atmosphere. The staff seemed to enjoy working there. There were small subtleties which indicated that this was clearly a small business striving to offer a completely gratifying experience.They also have several beers on tap (Peroni, New Castle, Stella, and a seasonal draught which was North Country Brewing Co.'s Buck Up Black Pale Ale - a beer from Slippery Rock) - all of which were $5 or less.Mercurio's does not settle on quality.
4	I was intrigued by the fact that they are a gelateria and a pizzeria in one. I wasn't intrigued enough to order a pizza. I had been a good boy and was walking by when I decided that I could actually indulge in some form of ice cream. I really like chocolate. I love hazelnut. Seeing that I could get both I had them give me half and half in a cup.Yum!Definitely some of the better gelato I have ever eaten. I will definitely return here when I get a chance. I cannot eat a lot of ice cream at any given time and the sheer power in the flavor that comes through makes up for the small amounts that I can eat.YUM!
5	I went here starving with my boyfriend and we each ordered our own pizza. I have no shame in saying that I ate it all and then some. Even got some gelato. It was all AMAZING! I'll be there at least once a week! That was a joke, I think.People say perfection isn't possible... those people have not eaten at Mercurio's.
3	This place was recommended to me by some fellow yelpers so I gave it a try. Along with the livingsocial deal that I purchased for half off. It was a good deal too spend $10 get $20.So the atmosphere is very italian with a lovely wooden floor and tables. The menu was a traditional one with the titles of the foods written in Italian. We sat directly outside the oven with a glass window covering the view of the pizza making process. We ordered a funghi pizza to share along with a house salad all for $20 bucks. The salad was tasty with a balsamic vinaigrette dressing and a delicious piece of toast along with the tastiest cherry tomatoes i've ever had. So some of the things I disapproved of here was the climate in the building. It felt like it was 60 degrees forcing me to keep my coat on the entire time. The pizza had a great crust but the toppings were not that tasty and were very watery. On a thin crust pizza, a pool of water is the last thing you want. It was like eating a bread soup bowl. I think it's because of the water in the veggies and cheese but there has to be a way to fix that problem. After finishing our pizza we decided to grab some delicious looking gelato.Even though it was 20 degrees out we ordered the ice cream. I grabbed 3 different flavors on a sugar cone which ended up being about $5. Somewhat disappointing because the cone was so small. I chose apple pie, somoa and blueberry cheescake. The blueberry cheesecake was definitely my favorite even though I was sure I would prefer the apple pie. The samoa was great too, tasted just like the girlscout cookie with a decent coconut flavor.Our total bill was about $30 including tip which was ok but I wished the pizza would have been worth the $10 i paid for it. I don't know if I will be coming back here for the pizza but I will definitely return for some gelato.
4	I am a huge fan of this place. Two favorites in one. Gelato & brick oven pizza. I tried the tiramisu gelato & it was heavenly. I could eat this every day. I also enjoyed a pizza. The brick oven is lovely & the staff is very friendly. I sat at a table so I had a view of the pizza maker. Wonderful!
5	Best pizza ever! It's so fresh. You don't feel bad at all eating the whole pizza! :) the cheese is amazingly delicious. The sauce is not salty and In fact you can taste the fresh tomato perfectly. Another great thing is that everyone is so so nice and you feel so welcome there:) a MUST go ! Pizza and gelato: fantastico!!
4	This place was one of the Pittsburgh Restaurant Week choices, and I was not disappointed in the least bit. We received great service, and everyone working there was super friendly. The atmosphere is authentic, and the brick oven from Naples makes it even cooler. For Restaurant Week, the offer was a salad, pizza, and gelato for $14.01. Very tasty. The serving of salad was huge and a lot more than we expected. It was fresh, too. The pizza was great, too, and a large serving. Even though it didn't have as much cheese as I would have hoped, it was definitely cooked perfectly in the brick oven. The gelato choices are awesome, and being dessert, it was obviously the best part. I only wish the scoop of gelato would've been a little bigger.I would recommend this place, especially because of the prices and service. Walnut Street needed a nice addition like this, and it really fits in perfectly for the area that it's in.
5	Absolutely delicious!  We tried a bunch of different pizza's and all were great!  We also had to get some gelato at the end...which was just as yummy as expected.  The prices are reasonable.  It's a small intimate setting and I can see how there could be a long wait for a table.  The tables are very close together as well, so it seems slightly cramped.  The woodfire pizzas are some of the best I've ever had and the gelato/dessert selection is great!  There are so many dessert options that it's tough to make a decision!!  I definitely can't wait to go back and try it again!
5	The real deal!Was here when I was visiting Pittsburgh for the Memorial day weekend and stumbled upon this place when me and the hubby decided to get dinner when our daughter was asleep in the stroller. Our waiter, Justin was great in suggesting vegetarian pizza options for us. We ended up getting the Margherita and the award-winning pizza with mushrooms and truffle oil. I can't say enough good things about the pizza, it was like we were back in Italy. They have a good simple wine list to compliment the Italian flavors. When I whispered to Justin that we were celebrating my husband's b'day he lit up some candles on a large cup of b'day-cake gelato and made it special.. Thanks for making the evening a very memorable one!!
5	I came here for some good gelato on a sunny week day and that is what I got. The gelato was delicious and the small was certainly enough for me. I decided to get the dark chocolate with chocolate pieces in it and my friend got the chocolate turtle flavor. Both were amazing and I will definitely be back to try some more this summer. They also have outdoor seating, which is perfect.
3	I ordered the Margherita pizza with mushrooms. I thought the sauce and the fresh mozzarella were both excellent quality and had good proportions. The mushrooms were also perfectly cooked and were nicely distributed over the pizza. I also appreciated that the pizza wasn't overly oily, like I find so many Margheritas tend to be. On the negative side, I thought the crust was extremely doughy. It was thin enough in the middle of the pizza so the doughiness wasn't as noticable, but the outer crust was super thick and doughy. The crust didn't have much flavor and was not the crisp chewy crust you'd expect to find with a Marghertia pizza. It was also on the salty side. Further, I wasn't quite sure, but the overall pizza was extremely salty. Nothing besides the crust tasted overly salted alone, so I'm guessing too much sea salt was sprinkled over the pizza. Aside from the food, our waitress was also very standoffish which was annoying.
5	Mercurio's is my go-to place in Pittsburgh for gelato. They frequently change their flavors which provides even more incentive for me to go back. When I went, I got a waffle cone with samoa and blue muffin gelato. The samoa gelato had every component of the samoa cookie and I could taste the shredded coconut. The blue muffin gelato tasted like a blueberry cheesecake which is my favorite type of cheesecake. There is absolute nothing wrong with their gelato and I will be going back as many times as possible.
4	My husband and I seem to find ourselves visiting Shadyside a lot especially now that the weather is better.  And we always seem to gravitate to Mercurio's.  The pizza is good, especially the truffle one, and wine to go with it is always nice.  The gelato's offered in the front are delicious.  This is one of our favorite little spots fast becoming a habit.
4	Being a frequent visitor of Walnut street I have visited Mercurios several times as well.  I first visited the venue when it was still serving only gellato.  They have a large variety of flavors and you can also taste them before making your choice! They will also make a milkshake with the gelato if you want to.  A great place to get an ice-cream! During the last years they have also created a nice restaurant.  Their wood oven made pizza is delicious.  Only catch is that the seating is limited so there can be a bit of a wait on busy nights.
5	Best pizza I've had in this city by far. Oliva for the win! The straciatella gelato, however, tastes like soap. Just say no. GO FOR THE PIZZA NOWWWW.
2	Maybe I'm a pizza snob. Maybe I caught them on a bad night.  But, I will not be giving them another shot.  My pizza was burned and they lost my order so it took 15 minutes and 3 people to run a credit card.  True pizza lovers, there is a good chance you will be disappointed, especially if you're use to quality pizza outside of Pittsburgh.
5	I can't believe I hadn't tried Mercurio's until today! I love wood-fired pizza so much, and this is some of the best in Pittsburgh. The menu is perfectly sized, with plenty of options but not at all overwhelming. Simple, straightforward food--antipasti, salads, pizza, some pasta. I'd like to return for dinner too because their wine list looks great, and you can get many wines by the half carafe. We ordered the rustico salad with prosciutto, artichokes, olives and cherry tomatoes, which was light and simple. It was served with delicious grilled bread and just the right amount of balsamic. We then shared the Pizza Del Re. If you're a fan of truffles, this is divine! It has baby bellas, mozzarella, prosciutto and truffle spread. The crust was soft yet thin, and was cooked perfectly.Of course we had to try the gelato as well, which was good but hard to live up to the deliciousness of the pizza. We will certainly be returning soon!
5	Best I've ever had in my life, and great gelato.. It was the best pizza ever.. And with that Italy imported oven it made it take on a different type of pizza... I felt like I was in Italy.. Definitely 5 stars
5	This is probably my favorite dine in pizza restaurant in Pittsburgh.The pizzas are more "Italian style" that feature fresh slices of mozzarella as opposed to the shredded stuff and there is no pepperoni to be found.  I've probably had every pizza there is here and they are all good, but my favorites include the margherita, prosciutto, and quattro formaggi.  The mozzarella is really the star of the show and it is really top notch.  When combined with the rest of the tasty ingredients and excellent preparation, the result is a really good pizza.The salads are also excellent and the gellato is good, but good luck having enough room left over after your meal to be able to eat any.Otherwise, the restaurant is attractive and comfortable, and the staff is attentive and helpful.
4	Great selection of ice cream--I'm a big fan of the black cherry and caramel latte.  Pizzas and salads are great--I always ask that they make my crust 'crisp' or else the make it to gooey and soggy for my liking.  Location is excellent and the staff nice.
4	The Nutella Gelato was delicious.  I imagine all their other flavors are good as well. I plan to go back and try the pizza.
5	Some of the best pizza and gelato in Pittsburgh!I never knew about this place before our Yelp Elite Event. All the food was so good during the event that I've gone back quite a few times since. They offer amazing Neapolitan style pizza, salads and gelato. Our favorite pizzas are the Pizza Del Re (House made mozzarella, truffle spread, mushrooms, Prosciutto di Parma, extra virgin olive oil) and the Quattro Formaggi (Mozzarella di bufala, fontina, parmigiano, provolone, extra virgin olive oil)The space is small so a lot of times there will be a wait, especially on the weekends so use the No Wait App. Also be sure to download the free Loyal Tree App for your smart phone to get a free gelato when you join the Mercurio's loyalty program. You'll even earn points with each visit and be rewarded with cash back to spend at Mercurio's.The gelato is just as good as the pizza. My favorites are The Vanilla Custard, Dulce De Leche and Strawberry Cheesecake. Thank God for my waistline that this place didn't exist when I lived in Shadyside! Service is always great as well.
3	I enjoyed my first foray into this time-honored spot. My wife and I were welcomed into the establishment without difficulty, and were led to a clean table in no time at all.We were served by an efficient waitress, who made sure we had a great lunch experience. It would have been a 5 star review, except for the dead flies on the windowsill... All 4 of them.It really was a shame - we had heard so many great things about this place - my mouth salivated when good amigos presented their plea.... We ordered simply  - two pizzas - a Margherita and a mushroom pizza.I will also add that these pizzas were tasty and clean, but were not of the quality that you would get at several other close-by establishments - Piccolo Forno (5-star) and Dinette (5-star). Now, the price point is very much different between all three restaurants, but I absolutely KNOW that this place can achieve more with some oversight and guidance... The brick oven can be used for much more quality, rather than volume.Will definitely be back - I want to see if this place will up the game!
5	I wandered in on a whim. Fantastic pizza! As long as you like your crust thin and chewy, anyway. The fresh mozarella- mmm!! I enjoyed the pizza della casa. I didn't think I was hungry enough to finish it, but I did. And the nutella gelato was utterly fabulous!! I also tried the mint chunk, which was fine, but it held no candle to the nutella.
4	I had the prosciutto pizza, my fiance had the calzone. Both were very good! The sauce tastes fresher and you can tell it's more authentic. Our food was hot and the gelato was delicious. If you want better service, it's probably better to sit inside, however. The waiter took our order and gave us our drinks and didn't return until after we finished eating. It would have been nice to have a refill before the check came but the food was still delicious!
5	All I can say is wow! We're from Texas and I'll admit I was shocked to be serve Italian food from an Italian waiter! lol I think that just elevated the whole experience. We went there on the back end of an art festival and had great service, delicious salad and pizza  (we ordered one of each and split it) and house wine. We sat right next to the "kitchen" and had little puffs of flour come out way. It was lovely experience. My only gripe would be the restroom, could do with a little upgrade, but the job gets done I suppose :P
4	Excellent pizza both times I've been here. Service was great and the gelato is out of this WORLD!
5	VERY PLEASED. Clean and nice environment. Our service was phenomenal. I strongly suggest the house chard and PIZZA. We will be back.
2	I live down the street from Mercurio's and have been there many times; a few for food and countless for the gelato. The food is good; the pizza is good, the calzone is very good and, despite what my bf thinks, the gelato is great. My problem with this place is the STAFF!!!!  In all the times I have been there I've had 1 positive experience with the staff. ONE! The staff are frequently goofing around, talking, texting (my favorite) and generally treat you as if you are interrupting their day by patronizing their establishment. It's not just the actual sit-down wait staff either. The gelato servers are always young and bitchy. Sometimes it seems the only constant in this this place is the revolving door of young and bitchy staff. I know some people who have worked there and from what I understand the owners know about this and overlook it. They hire friends, and friends of friends, and no one gets reprimanded. That's the worst part for me. I work in a service based industry where there is no excuse for poor service and my BF is a long time bartender/bar manager. I know good service and how to tip for it. Having said that, we don't seem to want to go to Mercurio's anymore, and it's not because of the food.
4	I tried Mercurio's gelato at the big Yelp Tech Shop event in 2013, and I was impressed.  Now that it's only a mile away, I think we're going to have a beautiful relationship.My dad loves gelato, and when I first tested this place out, I told him he had to try it.  Being the wonderful daughter I am, we hiked South Negley to get over to Walnut street.  The gelato is around $.71/ounce, and they have three different size cups.  The employees are really great about listening to how much you want too, which is nice.I love the mint chocolate chip, lime, and tiramisu!  All safe choices.  Make sure to sample flavors if you aren't sure what you want.The pizza is also delicious.  The white pizza ($11) is good, but the prosciutto pizza ($14) is my favorite.  These pizzas are personal sized, but I could split one with a friend and order gelato for a full meal.The only downside to this place is that the service is pretty eh at the tables.  Not bad but not good either.
4	It is so much more than gelatos!  Sure gelatos are a must here, but wowza, what pizza, what salads, what fresh ingredients and much more!
4	Some of the best pizza I have ever had; thin crust, light sauce and just the right amount of toppings. It is an affordable place to eat with pies salads and sandwiches ranging from $9 to $15.  They have the best gelato I have ever had with a gigantic variety of flavors.  This is one of my top 3 places for pizza in Pittsburgh!
5	I'm actually really surprised that I hadn't already written a review for Mercurio's. I've been to this place more times than I can count! They have an amazing pizza menu and I have yet to order a pizza I didn't like. One of the owners has been certified by the Italian government to make pizza, so its definitely legit! The dough is perfect and I'm usually not a crust kind of girl and I gobble the whole pizza up! My favorite is the Pizze del Rey and Salsiccia...oh and you can't go wrong with the Ricotta or Quattro Formaggi! Let's be real. I love 'em all. Another notable menu item is their house salad. Its simplest yet most delicious salad my taste buds have ever had the opportunity to dine on. The dressing is light and flavorful and salty. There are chunks of fresh mozzarella and cut grape tomatoes and its served with a to-die-for grilled bread on the side. You were probably thinking this place couldn't possibly get any better, and in most situations you'd be right, but THERE'S MORE. Decadent, creamy, delicious gelato is also a must-order at Mercurio's. The owners' mother makes all of the gelato and the flavors are out of this world. My favorite is the blueberry muffin. Its full of blueberries and crumbled cakey goodness. The best part of Mercurio's is if you really want to, you can walk out of there spending less than $50 for a couple without a problem and you don't have to sacrifice quality of food or fullness to do it!
4	Went there on a Wednesday around 9pm. Service wasn't that great. Water wasn't refilled in a timely manner and we were never asked how our meal was. The girl dropped one of the slices of bread from our salad onto the table and did not bring us a fresh slice. Our server wasn't rude exactly but I just got the vibe that she was bored and had no interest in being there. The food is the reason why I'm giving this place 4 stars. The bruschetta was delicious, as was the house salad. The pizza was pretty good although I much prefer Piccolo Forno in Lawerenceville. Piccolo Forno has better pizza and service. On a separate occasion we went for gelato. It's overpriced but it brought back memories from my semester in Italy so if was worth it.
4	Best brick oven pizza in Pittsburgh. I have eaten @ Mercurios many times and everything I've gotten has been so delicious. Every time my husband & I split the house salad, pesto pistachio pizza & one of their pizzas. The house salad is perfect, it has fresh house made mozzarella, shaved Parmesan & just the right amount of dressing. I absolutely love the pesto pistachio pizza. It's so original, I've never had anything like it anywhere else. I've tried about 4 or 5 different pizzas & they are all very good! My favorite one is the Olive. Also love their gelato. There's about 30 different flavors to choose from. My only complaint is the staff puts away the gelato before closing time. So if you eat there close to closing time don't plan on being able to get any gelato after your meal because it'll be all packed up & put away. Nothing should be put away until all customers are done eating or gone. I think that's only courteous.  I highly recommend eating @ Mercurios you won't be disappointed!
4	Their pizzas are good. I do however wish that they would add more cheese to them. The service was also good even when it was the day after Thanksgiving and they were pretty packed for lunch. Will definitely go back again.
4	I tried Mercurio's gelato two years ago and, more recently, at the Yelp Burgh Bash this past Sept., and I finally had the chance to stop by for dinner last Sat.  Based on my experience with the gelato and what I'd heard from Yelp and elsewhere, I was eager to try Mercurio's savory offerings.My dining partner and I shared a house salad (insalata de la casa), as well as a prosciutto pizza.  (Thanks for the great recommendation, fellow Yelpers!)  The house salad consisted of spring greens, tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and parmesan dressed with balsamic vinaigrette dressing, and included two pieces of toasted Italian bread.  I found the salad to be quite fresh and flavorful, and large enough for two people to share comfortably.  In terms of flavor, I found the pizza to be quite solid, with the prosciutto being the standout, with just the right amount of smokiness and saltiness.  It also hid a few key shortcomings, such as a sparser-than-preferable amount of cheese, quite effectively.  If you've read my reviews of other pizza places around PGH, you'll know that the aspect of pizza that I tend to be persnickety about is the crispness of the crust. While the crust was light and airy, which was great, it unfortunately lacked the key crispness on the bottom that's essential to a perfect pizza, in my view.  Nevertheless, I was generally pretty satisfied with the quality of the pizza, esp. compared to other wood-fired pizza places around town.Needless to say, after finishing the savory portion of our meal, my dining partner and I had to order the gelato, since that's what Mercurio's is best known for.  I had a small, which I split between mint chocolate chunk (my favorite!) and triple chocolate, and my dining partner had a medium, split between chocolate and caramel.  The gelato was just as delectable as I remembered, with satisfying creaminess and flavors.While the ambiance was a bit minimalist, I didn't mind. My one complaint about the layout was that the dining area was quite small and could feel a bit cramped at times.  (At one point, we had to move our table over a bit so that our neighbors could squeeze through.)  I found the service to be a slower than I'd like, but this was probably due to there being only one waitress responsible for serving all of the dining tables.  Even one more waiter probably would have sped things up and reduced the stress on her significantly.  Overall, despite a couple of shortcomings, I had a pleasant experience dining at Mercurio's, and would definitely return.
5	Great little pizza and gelato shop. It reminded me of being back in Italy. If I ever return to Pittsburg it will be to eat here.
1	Went there on a Groupon.  Started with the bruschetta, and the bread was soggy and the tomato toppings were ice cold.  Next up was the pizza.  There were burnt areas of the crust, which is ok on a brick oven pie, but the dough was not cooked thoroughly and was disgusting.  There are many other places that offer good pizza in the area without wasting time and money here.
