4	This PIta Jungle is based inside the food court at Scottsdale Fashion Square. Service could be a little better from the cashier(having eaten here twice now, it is hard to get a smile out of her) but the food is excellent. When I went there the first time I ordered the tuna pita wrap but I actually got it in a salad form with the pita on top. They are not very clear about that in their description. Sure was a Humm-dinger. The tuna is great, lemony and just has the right amount of seasoning. Some people might find it slightly salty but that's how I like it. They also serve little cups filled with Sriracha sauce which is not greek or mediterranean at all but it absolutely added a little pizzaz to my salad as I was getting tired of it by the end. There is only so much grass one can chomp on before you start looking for something else to eat...Did I say this is a big salad?This place is new and doing a grand job. Go there.
3	It's hard to keep up with all of the new Pita Jungles in the Valley, but I'm doing my best to make it to each one.  Today was the day for me to finally try the Fashion Square Jungle location and it did not disappoint!Laura L and I were doing a tad bit of shopping and we worked up an appetite for lunch.  We would've likely gone to one of the sit-down restaurants in the mall but we were limited on time since she had a flight to catch.  It's nice to have a decent option in the food court as in the past I've gone to Paradise Bakery or Panda Express.Laura went with a gyro and I had a small greek salad with a falafel ball on the side.  I enjoyed my meal despite having to eat it in the middle of the crowded mall food court.  The extra bonus?  They even have Sriracha in little cups on the side!While I wouldn't seek out this PJ location, it comes in handy when you're at the mall... Keep up the good work Pita Jungle peeps.  Next stop? Downtown in the works I hear!
2	I've been going to Pita Jungle since it was a twee, one-room hovel on Apache, back when we had to walk uphill in the snow with no shoes for eight miles and shit. Seriously, I'm a long-time devotee. Back when I worked at that Planned Parenthood next door, it was 1000 Beans for lunch... every day. (Many apologies to my former co-workers and patients.)So I've watched the gradual growth of PJ with some interest. Who doesn't want to see a locally-owned business thrive? When I saw the latest installment of the Great PJ Takeover occur in the form of a food court presence at Fashion Square, however, I have to admit I was somewhat befuddled. The dirty dreadlock crowd, attempting to permeate the premium-gas-only-SUV Louis Vuitton crowd? Doesn't this shit only happen in the movies?I've been to this location twice now, both times out of desperation - staunch refusal to eat excrement from Panda Express versus inability to maintain attention span long enough to wait in line at Paradise. I had a falafel salad that was just covered in the most rank and odiferous onions known to mankind. My second visit, I wised up and got the falafel sandwich-no-onions, which was wrapped in a half-reheated and totally dried out pita and covered in said devil onions. Now, mind you, lunch and a pop there will easily put you out $10. That's too much money to leave unsatisfied, with roaring heartburn and breath that would singe Satan's chest hair off.Plus, the people taking orders are impatient and a little snotty. Sorry if you've run out of patience trying to explain falafel to Middle America. Please don't take it out on everyone else.Three times may be a charm, but I don't think I'll be back to this location...
3	Never grocery shop on an empty stomach, or when you're about to pass out.  So I stopped at Pita Jungle before leaving the mall.I ordered a shawarma pita (chicken, greens, tomatoes, onions, pickles, garlic sauce, and tahini).  The thing was huge.  While that's normally a good thing, I didn't love it enough to want that much of it.  But I have some sort of eating disorder that prevents me from leaving food on my plate, so I stuffed it down anyway.The pita bread was a disappointment.  It was too chewy and dry.  Not the soft, doughy pita I prefer.  The filling was okay, although I'm not sure the pickles were a good idea.Pita Jungle is not a bad option given the choices in the food court here, especially if you don't want to stand 5-people deep at Paradise Bakery, but certainly not a destination for me.  And just for the record, don't shop after lunch either.  You'll find you need something sweet.  Hence the giant cupcake in my cart.
4	Us tukee girls don't always make it out to Fashion Square for shopping.  With the Chandler mail just a hop, skip, and a jump down the 202, that ends up being the usual mall of choice, simply out of convenience (and being a pretty good mail, too).  However, when we do make it to Scottsdale, you better believe we try to get as much shopping in as our feet, and our credit cards, will allow.Last Sunday was no different as far as the shopping goes, however when we decided to get a snack and made our way to the food court, I was silently dreading having to eat food court food.  I wanted to Yelp about somewhere delicious, darnit!  Then, just as I was sizing up my options . . . there it was . . . could it really be?!  Did that sign say 'Pita Jungle?'  By golly, it did!!  BTW, Pita Jungle is another thing we tukesters have to make a special trip for.  Must have been my lucky day!!After trying to decide what my sister and I were going to split (so that we could partake in more than one plate of deliciousness) we went with the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and the Hummus with Chicken.  She got the Lemonade and I got a fruity Green Tea.  Everything was fabulous.  The salad had so many fun flavors going on and just the right amount of dressing to hint at flavor, but not weigh it down or make it soggy.  The hummus with chicken was huge!  The seasoned chicken on the hummus was juicy and very nicely seasoned.  The pitas that came with were not my favorite, but hey I didn't really need the extra bread anyway.  We couldn't finish it all, and didn't really want to carry it around the mall to take it home, but I was still happy that we got it (though feeling a little guilty for being wasteful).In the end, a successful shopping trip and a great meal!  What more could this Yelper ask for?
3	Im glad they put this in the food court at the mall. The food here is amazing except this location does not have the full menu as to the regular resturant locations.
2	my wife and i ate at the chandler locale once because of all the great reviews are love for the food was not there and the cocky wait person wanna be hippy child also left us wondering what was so fab about this place......now i know this review is about the sd location in the mall and it happens to be convient to hit now and then but every time i finish eating a meal ther i wonder why ......I have tried salads, hummus which is flavorless, gyros ....the chicken they serve is xtreamly dry as well
4	Please be aware: the serving sizes here are Ginormous! So share most items - - including the side salads unless that is all you're getting.  Hummus is super good (and I'm pretty picky on this front).  Though when getting a wrap (I got the chicken version at the Waterfront mall), I probably would get the sauce on the side (it was abundant) as well as the pickles.  Maybe it's just me, but I've never had pickles served on a Mediterranean wrap before?!  All in all, quick, good and on the healthy side :) PS, I hear there is a humus trio that's not on the menu that's damn good!Cheers
4	If I ever get stuck in the jungle with only one meal, I want it to be a wrap from Pita Jungle! Not only was my meal tasty good, but it took me FOREVER to try and finish, and I didn't even come close! I went with the spicy chicken wrap; spicy marinated and grilled chicken, brown rice, mixed beans, tomatoes, squash, zucchini, cauliflower, broccoli, bell peppers and onions. It was a bit late to be eating dinner, so I decided to sub out the pita and asked them to wrap it in lavash instead. What a creation?! The chicken was perfectly seasoned, the veggies were cooked but not mushy, the beans and rice added depth and gave the whole thing texture, and the lavash was crisped to perfection but not burnt. The thing had me swinging on a vine!With a huge menu of choices, everything from burgers to pizza, salads and starters, the place is out of this jungle. Check out the nutritional facts online if you'd like to go and make a healthy decision (which is pretty easy to do there). Tons of options, good for you food and reasonable prices-Tarzan would be proud.
4	One of our favorite lunch spots to eat while in Scottsdale. They have a nice affordable wine list and the Hummus Trio is outstanding.
1	Yuk! It's probably one of the worst meals I've had at Fashion Square. I always get the gyros at the PV mall and they are amazing! I figured I'd give Pita jungle try at Fashion square and I could barely get through the meal. The beef was dry and the pita it was on was so stale making it hard to bite through. I'm not sure what it was but I asked for lemonade and it tasted unlike any other lemonade I had before. What a waste of 10 dollars!
3	Service was quick and efficient. I ordered a beed gyro and 2 extra pitas. The beef was cold but had good flavor. I got the feeling my gyro was pre-made because 1) it came out really fast and 2) the pita was falling apart like it had been sitting with the filling in it for a while. It was a fairly large portion. I had their home made lemonade to drink and it had a kind of funny taste to it. Probably would not order it again.
5	Healthy options.  I got a salad,it was huge and delicious.  Ill be back next time I visit that mall.
4	It's a pretty good quick service version of the Valley's best Mediterranean restaurant. This Pita Jungle has a drastically reduced menu that is perfectly suited for Fashion Square's food court. It's also probably one of the healthiest food choices in the mall. I was on a shopping mission that the mall after work and got pretty hungry, so I hit up the food court for a quick bite. I had the Philly Chicken Pita. The food was ready quick, was very reasonably priced for the portion size, and had an excellent flavor. It's not quite as tasty and fresh as what you'd expect from a regular Pita Jungle, but it's certainly better than most fast food. However, The pita was way too soft. The wrap was falling apart in my hand even with the aluminum foil still around it. The set up is pretty good for a small food court spot.  You order on the left side of the counter, then move over to the right side to pick up your food when it's ready.  It's pretty much the same as the Paradise Bakery that's also in the food court, but somehow it doesn't feel as crammed.  Most of the menu has pictures of the food, the rest is written in a big enough font that's easy to read.I don't find myself in the mall all too often, and I wouldn't head to this Pita Jungle as a destination. But if I'm at Fashion Square and feeling hungry, I'd happily stop by again.
5	I ate there 3 days ago for the first time and have gone back every day and ordered the same thing. This also happened to my coworker so becareful, you've been warned. The food is supreme. Their chicken is so good. I've only gotten the mediteranean pita which after I eat it I feel better, like I got the nutrition I needed, made with real chicken and fresh lett & tom. They put hummus and pickles in the wrap which brought a tear of joy to my eye when I discovered it. They also have interesting fresh brewed iced teas like kiwi green tea, black berry tea, etc. Totally recommend it, even in a food court in fashion square
4	I didn't realize there was a Pita Jungle in Fashion Square... I was so happy when I saw it! The BF and I really just wanted a snack, so we to the garlic dip. The girl behind the counter was miserable and looked really mad that she was working. So not such good service, but the garlic dip, like usual, was delicious! I think they should probably give you at least 2 pitas with the dip.... but whatever. Also, the pita at this location didn't taste the same as what I remembered having at the sit down location.
5	Love this place...can't beat it for a healthy meal. Tons of good options that are tasty without all the cheese.
4	We really like this place! The food has always been delicious. We have even started buying packages of lavosh from them. We love eating healthy here.The only drawback so far has been the service, which has so far been just so-so.
4	I am def going to miss this place!  Back when I lived in AZ I went or picked up food from here at least once a week.  The greek salad and broiled chicken salad has the greatest dressing ; not too heavy not too light!  The chicken shwarma wrap is good as well, get extra pickles on the side, they are very tangy and have a different flavor to them.  The trio hummus for an app. is always a good bet and their local organic wines are quite flavorful!
4	I recently had some friends over at my house for a impromptu dinner party, and needed some solid grub. Mostly because I was feeling lazy and didn't want to cook.Judging by my past experience at another Pita Jungle location, I figured that it would be a safe bet, and of course, I was a winner. Again!If you want to see my review on the food and whatnot, you can read my review for the location on Shea. This location promptly took my order, I picked it up, and was on my way in no time at all.They even set me up with all utensils and napkins, without me having to ask for everything.Portion size was fantastic, as always. We had enough food to feed an army! The sides in particular were a hit. The garlic potatoes and the beans were a hit.Solid work as always Pita Jungle. I love you long time.
5	the workers here are nothing like the brooding, hipster wanna-bees at other pita jungles--they are actually nice!they let me order from the kids menu and i got a chicken pita, hummus and drink for 5 bucks plus tax!i will be back!
4	delicious veggie wraps.
3	For mall food, this place if pretty good. Not the best Pita or Hummus I've ever had (that would have to be in Athens!), but enough to satisfy a Greek food craving and probably one of the healthier options in the food court. I tried the Broiled chicken pita and roasted red pepper hummus. The pita was pretty good, I felt it needed a little more flavor so I added some of the red hot sauce they have by the register. The hummus was a bit disappointing, It lacked flavor so again I added the red sauce. I feel I could get better Hummus from Trader Joes, but the upside is they give you a whole plate of it! I was also sad that the pita they served with the hummus seemed like it was just taken out of  a bag. I mean....at least throw it on the grill to warm it up !!
2	I didn't think this place was that great, but probably because I have such great Greek places in San Diego that I'm used to so that I wasn't impressed with this place. The food was pretty expensive for what you get but I guess that's what you would expect from a mall food court. I got the Mediterranean chicken salad without the raisins (ew yuck raisins in salad) and didn't really think much of it. It wasn't really that flavorful so I guess the dressing could do some work. The salad was really big though and I couldn't finish it all. It had tomatoes, onions, corn, parsley, cheese, and chicken. I really think that the salad could do without the parsley and would probably taste a lot better with cilantro, but that may just be my bias love of cilantro :P. Since the flavor wasn't doing much for me I got some of the hot sauce they had and mixed it in with the salad and after that then it actually tasted a lot better. Even after the hot sauce I wasn't able to finish the salad so I brought it home to eat later. Usually I don't think it's a good idea to bring home salad because it usually gets all soggy and gross, but for some reason this salad was oh kay when I ate it later that night. I actually thought it was better when I ate it later that night for some reason. Maybe the salad absorbed more of the dressing? Or maybe because there was less parsley in it? But either way, I finished it later that night and it did taste better. Overall though if I had to chose a place to eat I wouldn't chose this place again.
2	If this were a review for the Chandler or Tempe Pita Jungle, I'd give a solid 4 stars. But, Pita Jungle's food court cousin unfortunately falls short of that mark. I come here from time to time because it's close to my work, fairly healthy and fairly priced. But, the food just isn't up to par. I almost always go with one of their pita sandwiches and by god, if it's not a gamble each time. Sometimes it will be warm, crunchy and full of crisp vegetables. Other times, it's a stale pita filled with wilty lettuce. If I was a high-end manager @ Pita Jungle I'd take their food from any of there sit-down restaurants and share it with their food court staff so that they know what their food is *supposed* to look and taste like. It's easy to tell when food is just sloppily thrown together with little regard, and that's make for an unpleasant meal. But, I guess, if you are looking for a $6 grab-and-go meal, Pita Jungle beats the hell out of most of Fashion Square's food-court options.
2	My friend and I decided to stop by and get something to eat after we got done shopping. I usually eat at the actual resturant instead of inside the mall. I ordered the garlic dip and a side of seasoned chicken, my friend ordered the chicken del sol. All these are my favorites everytime I dine at Pita. I don't know if its just because its located in the mall and they don't have everything that the actual menu does at the resturant. The seasoned chicken had way too much seasoning on it. The chicken del sol looked different and tasted way different, they did not put the chipotle sauce on the cheese pita.
4	For a food court fast food vegan style establishment, I have to admit it was great. The chicken greek salad was delicious and I paired it with the Moroccan gazpacho. I should have other one or the other, the salad alone was huge; enough for two to share.
4	I have a serious crush on all Pita Jungles. They serve me absolutely delicious hummus and let's be honest, I could probably finish off the entire serving by myself. Oh wait, I have! The hummus and chicken platter is one of my all-time favorites. However, it's not the healthiest, so most times I try to go with the Broiled Chicken Salad or one of the broiled chicken pitas. However, on a fat kid day, I love the Philly Cheesesteak Pita or the Chicken Cheesesteak pita. I also enjoy the Chicken Lavosh without the garlic sauce and hummus as a substitute (see? More hummus. I'm obsessed). Just recently, I ordered the Mediterranean Chicken Salad (trying to be healthy) and holy salad Batman. This salad could quite easily feed a family of four. I got through about 1/10 of the salad before getting full and it looked like I hadn't even started eating it. The salad also has enough flavor on its own that it doesn't even need the dressing. If I were to order that salad again, I would share it and add an order of hummus on the side. I like this location because it's convenient and a relatively healthy (and quick) option while on the go at the mall. I can run in and grab something to go or I can take a break from shopping and eat in the food court. I was very happy when they opened this location years ago and I definitely hope they stick around forever!
5	I have never seen Pita Jungles before cuz I live in Northern California, but having tried them during a recent trip to Phoenix for Spring Training, all I can say is: CAN SOMEONE PLEASE OPEN A PITA JUNGLE FRANCHISE IN NO CALI??I had the broiled chicken salad and my date had a chicken pita, and we shared a roasted pepper hummus appetizer.  The hummus was wonderful, and since my date had never had hummus before, it was a great introduction.  Our entrees were massive.  I think mine had two full chicken breasts worth of sliced meat on it, and the veggies in the salad very fresh.  A light dressing completed it to perfection.  I took my leftover chicken home and the next day wrapped it in a pita for a nice lunch.Service was great, food terrific, and prices reasonable.  I really really hope these start catching on in California so we have some up here.  I'm certain they'd do great business!
4	We've eaten here a long time ago and forgot how good the food was. We decided to eat outside since it was a beautiful afternoon and the sun was just coming down. All of the seats that were situated in the shade were taken but loving the sun we sat at a table near some palm trees. The trunk provided some relief, but lets get back to the food.We started off with a large half regular & Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus. The pita bread was much larger than I have seen and was enough to finish scraping the plate. My wife ordered the Roasted Garlic and Portabello pizza and I had the Mediterranean Roasted Chicken (shawarma). The pizza was thin and crispy which was really something delicious along with the roasted garlic and mushrooms on top. My Shawarma was a handful. You needed both hands to hold this as you deiivered this wonderful morsel to your bite down on. I didn't think I could finish it. Our server was wonderful and kept on checking on us and filling our water glasses. The outdoor area was clean and inviting. We were able to find parking in the 1 hour slots around 5:30 PM.We'll definitely return.
4	So YUM! Fresh. Quick. Party of 5 we each loved our meals. They were so delicious. I live in NJ and wish I had one closer. Honestly cannot wait to get back to one. Great lunch spot. We had the hummus, chicken salad, veggie burger, lamb pita, mahi sandwich all GREAT!!!!!
4	Always sooooo good. The portions at this location aren't as gargantuan as the original location, but still a great deal and super yummy. Love love love
5	This Pita Jungle is located in the food court at the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall. Out of all the eateries in the food court, this is by far and away the healthiest. There are some vegetarian and vegan options for those looking for a meat-free dish. The lentil soup is super yum and they have some great dishes I haven't seen anywhere else. They have several locations in the valley. The one on Ray and Dobson has a patio right next to a small lake. It's a great location, but can get crazy busy, especially during lunch on the weekends or on gorgeous days.
5	i dont know why i didn't fall in love with pita jungle sooner. i work right next to the mall so the food court is super convenient for us. let me tell you a story of how i ate here everyday for lunch for a week. i ordered a standard gyro with no pickles (they put pickles on their gyros and i find that disgusting) my coworker, jen, ordered the pasta salad with chicken on top. mine was delicious and i tasted hers. hers was so good! i was like, that's what i'm ordering tomorrow.the next day we went again and i ordered the chicken pasta. while waiting for the food to come out someone in front of me picked up their order of a hummus trio with chicken on top and a side of pita.the next day jen asked where i wanted to go to lunch. i said pita jungle and i got my hummus trio. and the trend continued. their food is so good!!!! and its like $8!! and since i work nearby i get a discount! today i had a side of chicken breast with super fresh mushrooms. i watched them steam them, then put them in a pan with w tons of garlic, red wine, and seasoning. some of the best mushrooms i've ever had and it was a HUGE order of mushrooms.i love this place!
3	My first visit to Pita Jungle. Met a friend for lunch and she recommended this place. Some typical offerings you would expect from a restaurant with "pita" in the name. (By the way, in this instance, "pita" does not stand for "pain in the ass").The Philly Cheese Steak pita was really, really good. An a little messy. The soups really caught my attention; however I did not order any. Tomato-based soup and the white shirt I was wearing are natural enemies. (No, I didn't get any cheese steak on me).I know they had desserts on the menu, but didn't try any. While I don't know if I would race back here again, I will consider it as a good place to go.
2	Food is always good but never have good service.
3	I am obsessed with the Lentil Fetoosh salad and I don't really know why. I have had it from nearly all of Pita Jungle's locations and this one used to make the best and biggest one. It is seriously not consistent throughout the different restaurants, which is kind of upsetting. I go to the 3rd Ave & Roosevelt location the most, because of its proximity to my work. I'm usually ordering to go and the salad is much smaller this way than if you were to dine in the restaurant. Lately the actual salad portion has been so small that I think twice about spending the close to $10 the next time I'm craving it. I don't think the order should deviate from what  is served to those dining at the restaurant. I'll most likely keep going, but I just want things to improve, or go back to the way they used to be! :o(
4	About as good as a mall food court is going to get. Almost as good as a stand alone Pita Jungle location. Great Gyro's and Hummus. Plus, really fast service.
1	I used to love this place and eat here all the time. But over the past year this place has been consistently disappointing with the quality of food served. The amount of meat that they put in their salads and pitas  is now about half of what it used to be. Not eating here again.
3	In some ways I like this Pita Jungle's location the best!Pita Jungle's other place near the Harkins Shea 14 can seriously be congested at times.  The place is always packed and parking can be scarce  But, here inside the Fashion Square food court, the line is short and the food just as good.  My favorites continue to be their Falafel and Gyros.  Both remind me of the middle east food that I enjoy.  Also, their Roasted Bell Hummus, Tzatziki, Garlic Dip, Grilled Chicken and Hummus Trio are all fabulous.  Very much the same as in their sit down restaurant. The only thing missing from their menu is some Tahini and Baba Ghanoush.  Well you can have everything can you?Enjoy!
3	Since working in Scottsdale Fashion Square I have stopped at this location many times. The service is usually pretty good and whoever takes my order usually has a smile and a friendly greeting. I enjoy the vegetarian chili and occasionally the philly chicken pita. The reason I am only scoring this location a 3 star is because my coworker has found a fly in her falaffel pita not once but twice in the last two months. The only reason she found this was because she eats her pita open faced rather than folded. The manager of course took care of the situation and profusely apologized and we have since given Pita Jungle another chance but I'm not sure how many chances a restaurant that serves bugs should get. Just be wary that while the food generally tastes good the kitchen quality may not be the best. I am very cautious every time I eat here.
5	I had seen Pita Jungle around but never got around to trying it until I saw this mall location. I got the Philly Cheesesteak Pita (I know, the unhealthiest one, right haha), and it was just FANTASTIC! It was filled with meat and yummy melted cheese, mushrooms and green peppers. I usually hate green peppers, but these were cooked in a way where they were so soft and sweet, I almost liked them better then the rest of the pita. The pita itself was warm and fresh tasting. I've gone back for this same pita multiple times, and I've noticed that it seems to taste better when the dude with the beard makes it :)
5	I love having a healthy option at the mall. Pita Jungle is one of my favorite restaurants.
5	I had to draft a review for the guy who helped us.. Rob! Thank you! We are from Cali and you totally hooked it up! Thanks for being kind to us at the end of our crazy night!
3	06/16/112.5 stars.Was hungry and decided to try the new addition (a few months, anyway) to Scottsdale's Fashion Square's food court.  Decided to see if the hummus http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pita-jungle-scottsdale-2?select=AxUkQfJnvEHNTadsybTnsw#AxUkQfJnvEHNTadsybTnsw was just as tasty as the ones at the restaurants across the valley.  Decided to round the meal with a salad, as well.  The presentation of the food wasn't very appetizing...** The prices of what you pay for here are about the same you'd pay at the stand-alone restaurants, so i'd suggest just dining at the restaurants to get the added ambience, rather than sit at the food court using styrofoam plates and plastic boxes and utensils.***  Atmosphere would be more relaxed, as well.  However, if looking for healthier options at Scottsdale Fashion Square's courtyard, then Pita Jungle is one of the very few.**I tend not to return to places that use styrofoam cups and plates.  Sorry, but it's my way to help reduce the amounts of styrofoam that enter landfills.***Note to PJ: Please consider sourcing paper plates and biodegradeable utensils, instead.  Most people in your target demographic won't mind paying slightly higher prices for the switch!
5	I love the workers at this location. Always friendly and helpful!!!   Pita Jungle is delish!
4	Great service, friendly staff, excellent food!  This location is in the mall so it has a limited menu.  I just wish they had more options from their regular menu---like pizzas and a food happy hour!
5	Love this place. Food is always amazing and I get the hummus which everyone should get if you ever go here because it is so good! All of the portions are huge which leave you very full and you definitely get your money's worth here. The place can be pretty loud though because of the super high ceilings and the concrete floors but that's fine with me and you can always sit outside where they have a bunch of fans and umbrellas for hot days. Employees are always nice smiling and asking if everything is good or if you need anything else.
4	Love the broiled chicken salad. The wait tends to be a long time. I recommend calling in your order.
4	I really love Pita Jungle and this is really convienent right inside the mall! They have great salads and sandwiches as well as hummus. I have tried several things now and I haven't had a bad item yet! While the chandler/gilbert location is 5 stars, this one the service just isn't what it is at the other location. The person taking orders this past Saturday just wasn't pleasant at all. The food is just as good as the regular restaurants though. My favorite item here is the chicken philly pita. While it isn't the healthiest thing on the menu it is very tasty! It is worth the extra calories! This is probably the best meal you can get at the food court in a mall!
2	Yes, it is cool to have a pita jungle in the mall. The falafels are good, as is the chicken and hummus. However, I asked for no onions and got a LOT of them, all the pitas were cold and so hard they hurt to chew, and the girl who took our order was cold and expressionless. I prefer the restaurant locations.
5	Great Mediterranean food. "Quick on they're feet" wait staff. Reasonably priced and a great light meal after our hike to the summit of camelback mountain. It had an open kitchen and wood fired menu items like pizzas and pitas. Amazing falafel, great hummus and other Mediterranean sauces. Very authentic, sampler platter.
4	very kind customer service, and I love their humus trio or Mediterranean salad.
5	We love going to pita jungle. The food is always fresh, the restaurant is tidy , and the staff pleasant.  Its a family favorite!We appreciate them giving back to the community!  :-)
5	Healthy options, great tasting food served by friendly people. All the hummus choices are tasty but my favorite is the jalapeno cilantro. Don't be afraid - it's not too spicy! The chicken shwarma is amazing and big enough to share if you also get the hummus. My kids love the nachos and the pita pizza. Great place to grab lunch or a quick dinner before a movie.
1	It's unfortunate that the staff can't recognize a new customer when ordering. The register person was impatient and surely while trying to school me on what "they" call a chicken wrap. I was made to feel inferior for not understanding how to order the dry overlooked expensive food I ended up with. They failed to accommodate my request to cut my "schwarma"? In half. Gave us no napkins and charged $6.50 for the pictured hummus.I love the concept and tried to support local but unique and kitschy is all this place has.
4	These guys are very successful and deserve it.**If you are ordering a chicken dish, ask them to switch it out for the chicken that is added to the humus.*Their green and black tea is great and they will hook you up with a to-go cup.
1	I am so completely blown away at the lack of quality at this location!  I have eaten at and loved Pita Jungle for over 15 years.  I understand this is the mall but they didn't even bother to warm up the pitas.  It was such a disappointment because I have never been let down by their food.  Lesson learned.  I would recommend to not come to this location if you are a fan.
4	I really really really enjoy hummus with check and pita and this place does all those things so well! Some locations also have great appetizers and happy hour specials. Can't be beat!
3	I find my thoughts and opinion on this pita jungle are similar to others who have been here.  The staff that were working, looked like they  were not happy and did not seem like they wanted to be there. Kind of scary looking to. Even tho i know thats not nice to say. Anyway this place seemed to lack quality compared to other pitas. ordered pickup and got the macro platter but when i got it was cold and they added no pita and  and you get more of a roll out attitude and presenentaion that is less caring and not up to the typical jungle pita standard and that the employers don't care for their jobs there and have no real desire of providing food in a desirable presentation either overall pita jungle is awesome and i really recommend but disappointed to report not this location. What shame its the closest one to me but my favorite spot is the one on e shea
4	I love Pita.  You can get $2 chicken with your salad at this location!
1	I know this is in a mall or whatever, but when I got my pita, it was cold and full of everything I asked them not to include. Of course it worked out that I couldn't check my to-go order until I was far away. Just unsatisfied and still awfully hungry right now. tl;dr: check your order after you receive it.
