5	Tonight my wife and I went to the softy opening of this great new concept in good eating.I can honestly say that EVERYTHING was outstanding.  The food was fresh...hot...beautifully presented and packaged...and the price is more than right. The place will open this Thursday and I can;t wait to go back.The staff was very plugged into the heartbeat of the operation...and I will wager that the place is an instant hit.I had a 'Pellini' that was awesome.  I would imagine that there are (seriously) over a million different combinations of things you can create to individualize your meal.  Pasta bowl...Pellini....salads...LOVED IT.  Do yourself a favor and stop in.PS:  The previous reviewer that gave this place a one star...must be mistaken. They haven;t opened yet...so how could Rick M review it?  And..Pellini's is NOT a sandwich shop.
4	In short, a solid addition to the lunch scene in N. Scottsdale. I'm happy to have another unique food option so close to work that comes at a pretty good price tag.The easiest description is to think of this as an italian Chipotle. You get in line, & choose either a salad, an angel-hair pasta bowl, or a "pellini," (which looks like a burrito. With pasta. Hm.) and then pick your meats / veggies / sauce from there. I had the past bowl with sausage, grilled eggplant, and can't remember the name of the sauce - it was the spicier one - and it was all really good. Def. filling. (only odd thing was that the eggplant was cold. Not sure if it was supposed to be? Once the sauce warmed it up, I enjoyed it much more.) And not a bad price - a hair under $9 for the bowl and a small drink.All in all, I'll def. be back. Curious about that burrito thing, and the spinach dip looked good. (for the record, this is a vegetarians wet-dream. Tons of veggies.)* word to the wise - this parking lot gets IN-SANE during the 12-1 lunch rush. I actually despise this parking lot. Good luck with that.
1	I would not recommend. My Husband, future son in law and I went out to lunch together. We needed a simple quick delicious lunch and wanted chipotle (which is nearby) and discovered this place. First off when you walk in it's very confusing and I almost left but didn't however as I ate, several others left without eating for the same reason. We decided to try the Pellini which is your pasta plate in a huge tortilla. I almost went with the bowl and wish I did. Still may not have cared for for the following reasons. It was bland bland and blander! I had the three meat Italian and added Italian sausage. I love Italian! It had not flavor and the sausage was cold and hard. The prosciutto had such a strange smell I took it out and feel nauseous thinking about it. The tortilla fell apart and was pretty much a meal you have to shove in your face as fast as you can without enjoying. That's what we all tried to do and none of us felt well after. They had the chicken and have the same thoughts as me. We ordered 3 altogether and the cost was $26.00. We should have went to Chipotle as planned and would have spent less and had food with taste.I am giving them one star for the customer service as it was excellent, however that is the only thing I liked! I don't like to write bad reviews very often but save our money of if anything try the pasta instead. It will still be bland but at least you can add salt or hot sauce or anything! I love Italian food and am a foodie so trust me it needs something and needs some freshness and warmth as well. As for the strange smelling meat...ugh (I am not sure what that was)!!Good luck!
5	Great new restaurant near Kierland and Scottsdale Quarter. Fresh veggies, great sauces and really reasonable prices.  I had a chicken Pellini (kind of an Italian burrito) with arribiata sauce (kind of a spicy marinara) with mozzarella, artichoke hearts, pepperoncini (I like it hot), chopped tomatoes, some diced zucchini, and a couple of other inredients (they have something like 25 different add-ons).  It was excellent and a deal - something like $6.50.  My wife had a salmon Caesar salad which she loved - she said the salmon was as good as she has ever had,  You get your own drinks. Atmosphere is very cool - modern Italian. I recommend it and I will be back.  BTW, people have commented on the parking at this center.  It sometimes seems worse than it is (because there is a big parking lot in the back that had a lot of empty spaces when we were there yesterday).
5	Y.U.M.Addicted.
5	I would love to write a long review on how great this eatery is, but I will keep it short and simple. Chris- the owner was very welcoming and nice. He gave us a discount since we worked in the quarter. I had the Chicken Parmesan Pellini and it was amazing. I am very pleased with this new business!
5	Stopped in today to try this new place and was more than pleased.  Had a pellini, kind of like an Italian burrito.  It was filling and delicious.  All ingredients are fresh and you can make it healthy!  I added the chicken Milanese, cucumber, spinach and roasted red pepper with the extra yummy vodka sauce. Such a refreshing change from typical fast food. Perfect for when you want Italian but not a heavy plate of pasta.  Such a unique concept!  We sat outside and enjoyed it all. Easy parking and a super friendly staff.  We will be back!
5	I actually came across this place yesterday while I was on my way to Chipotle. I didn't know what it was so I didn't stop in. I really wanted to see what type of restaurant it was because I love trying out new places. So, I researched it when I got home and decided that I would try it. That is exactly what I did today. I must say that I was very happy that I tried it. It was great!! The food was very tasty (I had a chicken salad) and the service was great! This is going to be one of my hot spots! I highly recommend this place!
5	This place is right by my work & the manager came in to give me a gift card & tell me about the place. I am very glad that he did because they have delicious food. You can choose from a pasta bowl, salad bowl, & a flatbread sandwich. This restaurant is basically an "Italian Chipotle". You get to choose everything one by one that you would like in your bowl or sandwich. I highly recommend it. The staff is very nice as well.
4	Fast, Fresh, Friendly, and Frugal; the perfection description for Pellini.  The market for fast-casual Italian food is surely lacking, especially since all the Fazoli's closed (yeah, yeah, I know it was a Fast Food place, but it was a step up), so I was excited to check out Pellini.  We went on a Friday night, and it was not crowded at all, probably just because they had only been open 2 weeks.  But it was nice that it wasn't crowded, we didn't get overwhelmed by all the choices and were able to make our decisions without pressure.One of the owners, Mark, was extremely nice and walked us through the process, everything there is made fresh from their own recipes, and the quality is excellent.  I tried a "Pellini" which is essentially an Italian burrito.  I went with the chicken Milanese, red sauce, white sauce, noodles, cheese and some spinach, it was excellent!  My sister got a gluten free pasta bowl with the Pesto sauce and chicken, she devoured it!  I love the concept, the flavors are spot on and it is so reasonable, the Pellini and a drink was just around $8!This place fills a great void in the market and I think it has long term potential!P.S. If you aren't too full, get a Nutella Pellini....AMAZING!
5	Didn't know this existed until tonight! Food was great, fast friendly service! Food was fast but wasn't fast food. I'll definitely be back.
5	Leaving the quarter on Saturday I drove by and the patio was packed,  I was intrigued.  Went home and looked up the menu and the novelty of the idea sold me.  I love burritos, I love Italian, a sort of combination of the two?  I'm in.  So I grabbed the Chicken Parm Pellini to go for dinner that night.  Needless to say I took the whole family back Sunday for lunch.  This is going to be a new staple for quick, affordable, healthy & good food.  Plus the owner Chris is a super nice guy.  I hope this place does well.
5	I was a little skeptical at first since casual Italian restaurants are typically awful like Fazolis. My boyfriend liked the decor so we decided to try it.  The staff was excellent: we were greeted at the door and the manager made sure our visit was fantastic.This place far exceeded my expectations, it was great!  I had the Italian burrito filled with delicious fresh ingredients.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for something tasty, quick and different.  We will definitely go back!
3	The piada concept is golden and time will tell if Pellini manages to execute this.  First impressions are fairly positive although I did think that the piadina was too thin and the flavors were a little too bland. A potentially good lunch option.
4	Pellini is a solid Four Stars.After reading Ryan J's post on Yelp's "Near You" section online, I walked across the street to have a late lunch.  I arrived around 2:30 and there was less than a dozen or so diners, both inside and out. Apparently at lunch time, they had a line two deep outside. This was after being open to the public for three and half weeks.  A good gauge as any for a new restaurant.Like Ryan, my first impressions are pretty positive.  The concept if you will, is an Italian version of Chipotle.  I'm not sure if the owners would agree, but here are your big three choices.First, you could start with a Pellini.  What they say is a classic Italian Piadina.  A sort of Italian flat bread (think tortilla) that you can stuff with meat, veggies, cheese and dressing.Or, you could have a Pasta Bowl with an angel hair base, then the grilled meats, veggies and cheese.Lastly, you could have a Salad Bowl, again with all of the above added on.  Got it?The meats range from two types of chicken (breaded chicken breast or grilled), steak florentine with olive oil and garlic, italian sausage, scrimp scampi, salmon with rosemary and lemon zest, or you could just go Vegan.  The prices range from $6.55, up to $7.95 for the two fish entrees.  At this point, you can add from nearly two dozen ingredients, like artichoke hearts, pancetta, grilled eggplant, arugula, et cetera.I had the Pellini with grilled chicken with spicy marinara (Arrabiata) and various veggies.  It was very good (photo) and filling.  I had a chance to meet two of the managers and they were very excited on how they have been received with very little marketing.  I understand this is their first restaurant in the concept and are looking at other locations in the valley.Pellini offers free WiFi and they have an Italian radio station playing music in the background for ambience. Enjoy!
5	I can't believe it took this long for somebody to come up with a fast casual Italian restaurant.  I'm glad it was these owners because they got it right and we are possibly seeing the start of a new nationwide Italian concept.  The food is fresh, great, and mostly healthy.  The decor is clean and modern.  I won't go into detail on the food as you can read the other reviews.  However, I don't understand the one "one star" review.  To each her own, I guess.  I assume you could create a bland Pellini or pasta bowl if you didn't have much of a clue how to mix and match.  If you are that person, they do offer cards by the menus that give suggestions on different ways to create a Pellini.The service was like entering a five star hotel.  We were greeted by one of the owners, Chris.  He explained everything and made sure to check up on us during our meal.  The rest of the staff couldn't have been nicer.  Even the chef came out of the kitchen as we were leaving to say goodbye.  impressive!  All in all, a great experience and we will be back soon.   Try it!
4	Basically the Italian version of Chipotle, except with much more choices. I decided to try this because all of the customizations sounded appealing. Being that I can't eat certain kinds of dairy the menu was very accommodating. When I first entered the restaurant there was a manager there that explained the whole concept. You basically decide on a pasta, salad, or piadini (sandwich) and then add the sauce, meat, and toppings that you want. I decided on the pasta bowl with roasted red pepper pesto (which was dairy free, the manager was nice and checked). I added chicken and a bunch of vegetables. With a drink it was about $8, a pretty good value for lunch. My meal was filling and very good, I will definitely return.
4	Had the chicken Parmesan flatbread and a side salad. They were both really good. Service was excellent. I would definitely recommend based on my first experience.
5	I drove by this place last night, came home and googled it, and was determined to try it today. So glad that I did! I had the Tuscan Steak Pellini with angel hair pasta, artichokes, mushrooms, black olives, and arugula, and the Nutella Pellini. The ingredients were fresh and my Pellini was bursting with flavor (seriously why has no one ever thought of this??). Such a delicious concept!From the moment I walked in I felt welcomed! The guy who made my Pellini was great, he was friendly, shared with me how the Pellini is made, and gave me a suggestion of what to start with (which I wish more people would do...it's my first time, like I know what's good?!). Right as I ordered one of the owners, Chris, introduced himself and gave me a gift card (and I thought Christmas was over!). It was fun to see him interacting with the younger employees, he is setting a great example, and I told the girl who checked me out that I'm pretty sure she is in for a wild ride, and to enjoy it! I took my food to go (study break = over) but I look forward to eating in during future visits.  AMAZING food, WONDERFUL people, INCREDIBLE value...go try it!
5	It took me about 18 months of living in Arizona to stumble on this and it was by pure accident.  This place is DELICIOUS!  Think of a chipotle/subway-esque place but for Italian food.  You can choose between an Italian-style "burrito" (the Pellini), pasta bowl, or salad.  I got the pasta bowl and not only was it amazingly good, there was enough for two meals so I got to enjoy it all over again the next day.  Everything was fresh and tasty and I can't say anything bad about this place.  So many different options for an extremely reasonable price.  You decide between the three styles and then choose your meats, sauce, and extras.  Once my b/f and I move to Scottsdale, we'll be making many more trips here and I raved about it to several of my friends to try out :)  They had already beaten me to the punch and I was upset they hadn't told me about this place earlier!!
3	The place is crazy.  They have italian radio blasting from the loudspeakers.  The decor is pretty cool as well, I guess some sort of contemporary italian post modern something or other.  I had the shrimp scampi.  I'm not really into the whole build your own thing.  I'd rather have what the chef thinks tastes good.  I'm glad this place has a wall of recipes, because it would drive me crazy trying to figure out what combo is good.  The food tasted just okay, the bruschetta was pretty good though.
5	This may sound redundant, but I have to give this place a good review because I love it! The food is absolutely delicious-I've been here a few times and have only tried the pasta bowl with grilled chicken and basil pesto sauce because it is so darn good. Besides the food, the employees are some of the friendliest, and most helpful I've ever encountered. Everyone is so welcoming and will start conversation with you, which helps when the line is long because this place is getting popular. One of the managers (he's always there) is always checking on people to see if they need anything, if the food tastes okay, and how they can improve. Today he gave me and my friend a gift card because I brought her in for the first time. Overall, food is great and the customer service is ever better! I really hope this stays!
5	Pellini is a fresh take on Italian and is just what the restaurant industry needs! The food is awesome and the staff is even better! The Nutella Pellini is a must!!!
1	First and last time customer, I ordered a vegetariano salad for pickup and when I got it back to work I noticed they had put bacon/pork in it.
5	So glad to stumble upon this place! It's refreshing to get great food, quickly that I actually WANT to eat. So often we eat fast just because we have to:) Reminds me of the "Chipolte" of Italian!
4	Was looking for something to eat for lunch that's tasty and healthy. Found this place on Yelp (it's fairly new) and decided to give it a try.Overall I would come back again. However, my personal opinion is that if you're a true New Yorker or an east coaster with large italian population this place can hardly be considered italian eatery. May be my idea of italian is just different. Good points: (I had grilled salmon over salad) - pretty tasty, fresh ingredients, good portion of salad, small portion of salmon.The place seem to be serving the same style as Chipotle - you pick salad bowl, pasta bowl or wrapped in a panini, then you add your choice of salad ingredients and meat/fish. That's it.Like I said before I would still come back as the place seems clean, friendly, tasty and fresh! Cute patio outside with free wifi! ;)
1	I thought this place would be interesting and recommended it to a friend. Unfortunately it didn't meet any of their expectations and as a matter of fact they left after tasting their meals. The meals were cold, bland and tasteless. I was very embarrassed that I had recommended the place without having gone there myself. In the past any place recommended by Groupon has been exceptional. This place wasn't.
5	Incredibly good food, amazing, friendly staff, reasonable prices! It's the Chipotle concept with fresh Italian ingredients! Built in front of your eyes and ridiculously good! Add them to your list of favorite places!
1	Ordered online. Went to pick up meal and it wasn't ready. They quickly prepared the meal and when I got home I found that they had prepared everything incorrectly.  We were missing 2 items, one item mistakenly contained shrimp (which one patron in our party has a sever allergy), we had one pasta dish that we didn't order. It was a disaster. When I called toilet them know the manager told me there was nothing they could do because they were busy but did offer to give me a $7 off coupon the next time I came in, all I had to do was let them know when I order again...I won't order again.
4	This is an interesting concept.  It's basically Italian food in a wrap or a bowl.  I had the Florentine steak wrap.  The beef and extra ingredients that I added made for a tasty and inexpensive meal.
5	seriously....this place is delicious!
4	I took my two teenage girls here tonight and was pleasingly surprised. They've taken the Chipotle concept and adapted it for Italian food.  We all had pasta, which was angel hair, and then each added in our meats and veggies.  It was quite good....certainly not gourmet, but a nice change for a quick meal.  I had a pesto sauce and it had good garlicky flavor.  Price was right too.  $7 bucks for a pasta bowl was certainly reasonable.
5	Love this place for quick eats. Been here twice now for pasta and the food is great. Portions are huge for 7 bucks! Service has been very friendly both times. Justin and Eric went out of their way to be super friendly and inviting. Overall, great job.
5	Good pasta for an amazing steal. The most friendly staff I have ever encountered. I will be back many times more.
5	Soooo amazingly good!!!! You have to get past the 'weirdness' of eating pasta out of a 'burrito' but once you do, you'll agree it's really good!Here's hoping they open another one on the east side of the valley!
3	Been here a couple times for lunch now.  Strangely enough, I've found myself avoiding it even though I generally liked it.  Why?  First, the pasta portions are way too small to fill up my kid.  It's also easy to end up with a bowl/sandwich that looks and tastes like a garbage disposal if you put the wrong ingredients together.  And I don't look forward to the loud volume of the music they pipe in.So even though I liked the food and cleanliness of Pellini, it's just not calling me back.
3	We got a groupon, but the reg prices are reasonable - around $7-$8.It's basically an Italian Chipotle, pick the type (wrap, salad or bowl), the protein, the sauce and then add toppings.What is great is all the options for the proteins, the sauces and all the fresh toppings.  I can see how vegetarians could LOVE this place.  The pasta was kinda weird in the wrap and the whole thing leaked too much liquid, wasn't sure if it was from the sauce or what so it was messier than expected.*We didn't like the bruschetta, it had a very high onion to tomato ratio.*We did like the beer and wine options (popular now at some fast food places like Rubios, Pei Wei, etc.)*The decor was modern and refreshing - orange everywhere and they had a great patio.*My daughter loved the nutella panini and whipped cream.I'm not dying to get back anytime soon, but it might be a nice place for a healthy and refreshing change from time to time.
4	Yup, just like an Italian version of chipotle. But I have to say that their toppings are pretty impressive and expansive. I got the pasta bowl with sausage.  There were lots of fresh toppings to choose from which was great. Zucchini, cucumbers, mushrooms, basil, arugula, eggplant, spinach, Parmesan, feta, etc. For the price especially, it's a really great deal for all the fresh ingredients you get. Price is by the meat you choose and you get all the toppings you want. I love pasta so this is a great option for me.
3	I saw these reviews and decided to try this place. The Pellini is an Italian burrito. You get to pick you meat (chicken, steak, italian sausage, shrimp), sauces (tomato and white), and topping (cheese, veggies). There are lots of choices so you can really have fun and personalize it. I had the chicken and Italian sausage and I thought that it was ok. Not great. I didn't think it had a lot a taste but maybe it how I put the Pellini together. My wife had the chicken and shrimp and the shrimp really brought out the taste. Her Pellini tasted really good.The decor was up to date and clean. It thought the the service was pretty good. They were very helpful and friendly. Not to sure if I will return but my wife enjoyed it, so we'll see.
5	I love this place! I work very close and needed new lunch options, so I was happy this restaurant came along. I'm a big salad person, so I like to mix it up once in a while and this is the perfect place to do so. They have many veggie options along with picking your meat and dressing. The workers are always nice, and I noticed they have many regulars that come in. That's always a good sign!
3	Pellini is a great concept with some wonderful design and branding. Even so, their execution could definitely use some fine tuning. The restaurant is neat - very clean and modern, with an orange and white color scheme that puts me in a cheery mood and makes me think of delicious creamsicle ice cream bars :) The furnishings are comfortable and upscale, with nicer than usual chairs at the tables. The design of the interior is unique; lots of curves creating unexpected nooks and crannies and allowing the guest seating area to have maximum exposure to the large windows. The bright orange umbrellas for the outdoor tables put me in mind of a beachside eatery, which is a nice escape from the reality of its North Scottsdale strip mall location :) The Italian pop music played in the background is refreshingly fun and very annoying by turns.The concept is as many other reviews have described: Chipotle with Italian food. You choose a wrap, pasta bowl, or salad, a protein (various chicken options, beef, salumi, shrimp, salmon, etc), and all of the sauces, toppings. The description of the classic piadina "a flatbread made from flour, sea salt, olive oil, and yeast" sounds way more impressive than what it actually is: a tortilla. The pellini is also strange in that it includes pasta in your "burrito"... I'm still not entirely sure if I like it or not. I LOVE that there are so many fresh veggie options to include - artichokes, tomatoes, pepperoncinis, red peppers, and more and more and more - so good! The sauces, however, are a let down - I've dined there several times and each time I'm left wishing for more flavor ... the sauces, even the "spicy" one, are extremely mild. Highlight: the spinach and artichoke dip! The artichokes are way larger than I expect, and the dip is more brothy than usual, but the flavor is delicious and the piandini chips are just perfect. The service/cleanliness are another place where there could be improvement. Service is sort of strange - not overly friendly, also not offensive. On two of our visits, there was really only one person helping customers, cleaning the dining room, etc even though we could see additional employees either in the back, or on our first visit, making herself food in the midst of the line while we waited to be helped. Last time we were there, we went to sit down at the only remaining four person table, which was extremely dirty. I was able to flag an employee down to clean it off, but it had been sitting there dirty for quite some time (since before we came in, while we went through the line, etc)  As I mentioned, their branding is on point, but the multiple spelling errors that I noticed in the ingredients on the menu, slogans, etc detracted from the otherwise very professional look of their collateral and logos. Ultimately, the prices are inexpensive enough that I think it is a good value, and its a fun option for something different.
5	I really like eating here. It's clean, cheap, tasty and they have sriracha on hand, whats not to like?? i especially love the pasta with spicy marinara and grilled chicken. I add so many veggies and then have them top it off with green pesto. Then I douse it with more hot sauce from their condiment area and, voila! Perfect lunch under 10$.
5	Working in the area, I come here frequently for lunch and am yet to be disappointed.As others have described, it's essentially a Chipotle style concept but with Italian food. However, you have far more meat and fixings options for whatever you get. The food is always great, seems fresh and well prepared. The service goes fast (it's always far less crowded than its more popular Chipotle neighbor next door) and the place always seems clean with enough seating and a quiet enough atmosphere to easily converse with others. The service however is always great. All employees seem remarkably upbeat and helpful, willing to walk first timers through the (what can be inundating) process and choices. They were quick to set me up with a loyalty card and remind me to always ask for the local business discount for working in the area.Simple, tasty, comfortable, and friendly. I will continue to frequent here and suggest it to others.
4	Really delicious!  Fresh and different.  Well priced.  Kind of an Italian Chipotle.  I'll be back!
5	I work close to Pellini and would routinely hit Chipotle for lunch on a regular basis.  I LOVE Chipotle but since Pellini opened, I have not been back to Chipotle.  Pellini is basically an Italian version of Chipotle.  Fast, gourmet food done right with healthy eating in mind.  On my first visit, I was greeted by the owner and he gave me a gift card for my lunch.  He was very nice and you can see by the look and cleanliness of the restaurant that he understands how to run a successful operation.  I look forward to seeing more Pellini restaurants opening up soon.
2	Worth another shot, but not with high hopes. - Bland, mixing is tricky, and nothing was quite like we thought it would be. Can definitely do better in the area, go to Chipotle, Jimmy Johns or 5 guys, you will be much happier. I work in the area, and decided our next office lunch would be Pellini. We ordered a salad, a pellini and a pasta bowl, spinach artichoke dip and nutella cookies. We placed our order online, and the system was easy to use, but we weren't exactly sure what we were getting into, and some options seemed to be missing. For example, when you go to "chef's suggestion" it mentions feta cheese, but there was no option for this, so I made a note asking for it, and it was not in the pellini.Salad - they neglected to put the parmesan ranch (or any other) dressing on one of the salads, making it nearly inedible. Both salads were warmer then they should have been, which was a little odd, but overall they were good. Pellini (the one I actually ate)- from the description and pictures I was expecting a flatbread, almost like a peta, but it was literally a tortilla, absolutely no difference at all. They probably share tortillas with Chipotle.  There were too many flavors going on, making it a a lot less appetizing then it looked.  I selected regular tomatoes, but got bruschetta tomatoes, which did not go well with the rest at all.  The eggplant was less done then I like.  It was ok, but I would definitely order a pasta bowl next time. Pasta bowl - the best of the three, it is exactly as it sounds, a large bowl of pasta mixed with whatever toppings you would like.  Can't go too wrong here as long as you are careful about mixing flavors and sauces. Spinach Artichoke dip - very runny, and bland, needs to be thickened and spices added. The chips were made of something more like what I expected the pellini bread to be, but again were bland.  Cookie - soft and good, BUT it is just a chocolate chip cookie that they put a bit of nutella on, most of which comes right off when you remove the plastic.
1	The place is like subway/chipotle in the idea that you look over some glass and say what you want in your meal. They do have a variety of food to put in your meal which I give them props. However, I feel like I could buy a jar of sauce and cool noodles at home and they would be the same quality(I really am not that great of a cook). There noodles and/or sauce have a taste of plastic.  I would give them two stars mostly for food taste but the two experiences I had there, I don't plan on returning. They were extremely slow, even when I was the only person there. Also, this happen to my co-worker, who is to nice to write a poor review. The manager there(I'm pretty sure she was the owner) decided that it was okay to insult the company that we work because she took some feedback about the experience we had as customers personally.  I don't know if they happen to be having bad days on those visits but regardless it wasn't a good experience.
4	Fun place.We had heard good things and we had a Groupon, so we decided to give it a try last weekend. A few hiccups but mostly a positive experience. We walked in to bright colors and loud house music. Hmmmm... not really a fan of either but I kept an open mind. We were greeted by a friendly guy behind the counter that walked us through the process of ordering. I was impressed by all the options. One thing I found to be particularly annoying was what they called their "Italian flatbread." MALARKEY!! It's a flippin tortilla. Which is fine, I'm sure the wrap still tastes good but they shouldn't try and fool people. The vast array of meats, sauces, cheeses, and veggies to customize your meal was dazzling. I had a pasta bowl with both Alfredo and pesto, mozzarella, eggplant, zucchini, mushrooms, and spinach. Yum. My only complaint about the veggie toppings is that they are served salad bar style and either cold or uncooked. Popping the pasta bowl in a toaster oven for a minute or so would solve this issue. Husband also have a pasta bowl with vodka sauce and meat. He said it was good.We also had the artichoke dip and the bruschetta. Artichoke dip was not good. Bland and mushy. And it came with also very bland flatbread *cough-tortilla* chips. The bruschetta on the other hand was very flavorful. I was impressed... it tasted like it came from a much fancier Italian joint. My biggest complaint was that their AC was broken. But we didn't notice until after we payed and my bottle of beer was opened. After we mentioned the heat the guy behind the counter said the AC was broken and they were having issues with the landlord fixing it for awhile. I kind of wish they would have told us earlier or had a sign up for customers. We would have ordered to-go instead. My opened beer couldn't leave the premises so we ate as fast as we could while wiping our sweat off our brow every second. Despite these minor complaints I really enjoyed eating at Pellinis. Friendly service, reasonably priced, and yummy flavors. We will be back, but we are only eating in if that AC is fixed.
4	We have now been here 3-4 times and although they are still working out a few kinks, overall, this is a fantastic place to get a very healthy & delicious protein & salad lunch or dinner made to your specifications. Steak & chicken in salad are both very good, balsamic dressing is awesome & choice of veggies for salad is great.   Portions good for the price. So nice to have low-carb, low-sugar & low-fat options that taste even better than the stuff I'm trying to avoid!
3	Thanks to Groupon I found this place.  Since I love Italian & Mexican food, I've always wondered what would happen if you mixed the 2 together.  I've dined in various restaurants who have tried to mesh the 2.  This was the first one that I've tried that's tried to do it in the style of a Chipotle....you walk up and 'put together' their version of a Burrito, Bowl, etc.  A Pellini = a Burrito.  Here's what I ordered:Chicken Pellini (like an Italian Burrito), $6.55http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pellini-italian-eatery-scottsdale?select=ZlAypm0ztBYuLm9yDDKfIg#ZlAypm0ztBYuLm9yDDKfIgSpinach Artichoke Dip, $4.25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pellini-italian-eatery-scottsdale?select=zb3gVJGxAPHV5UZE6aSZXA#zb3gVJGxAPHV5UZE6aSZXABruschetta, $2.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pellini-italian-eatery-scottsdale?select=ch-WNynk3QDA7DxvIMgSjQ#ch-WNynk3QDA7DxvIMgSjQThe Chicken Pellini was pretty good...above average.  However, the sides fell short.  The Spinach Artichoke Dip was bland and the Bruschetta was *meh*....I'd pass on those next time, but since it came with the Groupon I'm glad I got to try it.They also offer Beer & Wine here....which is a plus.  They also have Sriracha and other Hot Sauces to dress up your Pellini if you choose...the Sriracha was a nice touch and complimented the flavor of my Pellini well.I can see this catching on.Return Factor - 70%
4	I had a salad and absolutely loved it. Since Salad Works and Scottsdale Salad Co closed I needed a good place to get lunch from. I never eat in, it's always to go and I think I have found my place. My coworker had pasta and didn't like it. Since neither of us had been there before we weren't exactly sure on some things. We expected all the veggies in the pasta to be cooked but they weren't. Everyone was extremely friendly and I can't wait to go back and try some more stuff. Just please move the cookies with Nutella away from the register, they were toooo tempting!
5	Excellent customer service and delicious fresh Italian food.  I placed our order online and when I arrived to pick it up I was promptly greeted by a nice young man at the cash register.  He checked to make sure my order was correct and let me know that they just started a new promotion where kids eat free on Sunday.  I ordered a Pellini, my hubby had pasta and the kids had pasta bowls.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal and the kids even finished their bowls.  A first in our house! We finished off our delicious dinner with a nutella pellini.  Delicious! Thrilled to have an affordable, fresh and friendly restaurant in the neighborhood.  Will definitely be back!
4	We were on vacation in the Scottsdale area and were looking for something different to eat that we hadn't had back in LA.  We were shopping at the nearby mall when I came across this place on Yelp and it fit the bill in two ways:  we hadn't seen it before and it was just altogether different.  Think Chipotle but the Italian version.  My wife and I both had wraps with chicken, angel hair pasta, spicy marinara, and tons of veggies.  The wrap s were huge - more than enough to fill you up.  Truthfully, my wife found hers to be a little bland, but I really enjoyed mine.  Not only was the food great, but the service and cleanliness of the restaurant were equally as satisfying. I would definitely recommend if you're in the mood for a unique food experience.
3	So...this place was kinda weird. It's Italian meets Chipotle. Interesting concept but it honestly fell a little flat in my opinion. Like Chipotle, you go down the line and pick what you want. First you choose a wrap, a bowl or a salad. I went bowl (angel hair pasta is the only option), the boyfriend went wrap. Next you pick your sauce, then you pick out what you want in it. Boyfriend thought it was kinda weird when they put pasta into his wrap. I agree. I also thought it was kinda weird that some of the veggies that go into the pasta are raw - like the mushrooms. Cold, uncooked mushrooms in warm pasta is a little strange. Also, they just kinda piled everything on top of my pasta. Usually when you get pasta the ingredients are tossed. I guess here you toss it yourself. In reality not a big deal, I'm capable of mixing up my food but to me it showed there was no concern for presentation.So I mixed up my pasta and dug in. It was fine. Nothing special. It just tasted like something I could make at home. Except I would cook my veggies... But the portion size was big so I guess there's that. Boyfriend felt the same way about his wrap - it was just okay, not worth getting again.Overall I don't think we'll be going out of our way to go here again.
5	This place is AWESOME! Been here 10 times last month. So much variety, that you can get something different every time. Ask for their loyalty card.. 10th one is free!! That's how I knew I was there 10 times. I work near by and they also give a discount for local businesses. My pregnant  wife loves this place because she can treat all her cravings. Will recommend to all my friends and co-workers.
3	Just okay.  I think the people that work there think a little more of it than its true quick service roots.  My wife brought me here for dinner, and thought they had a meat sauce.  They didn't.  When we asked about it we got a bit of a snotty answer that with "all the vegans, we didn't want to offend them with a meat sauce."  Really?  That's the reason?   You have 5 or 6 other sauces, and you don't want to offend vegans that you have a meat sauce with all of the other meat selections on the menu?  The food was decent, fast food type pasta.  I would probably try a salad next time.
5	First time here. I got the Chicken Ceasar Pellini. Yumm.. And Nutella Piadina for dessert. So good, reminds me of Nutella crepes. I'll definitely be coming back. The guy that helped me was friendly and they give a 10% discount if you work in the area.
5	After a few more visits by 4 stars have turned into 5. These folks never disappoint!!Met my boyfriend here for lunch and wasn't excepting him to love it but he did. His only wishes were there had been more sauce on the pasta (but that can easily be fixed next time) Today was the first time I've ordered in person, I usually place my order online and pick it up. I was impressed with how quick they were from the second I walked in until I was eating, they were fast and super friendly!
4	My new favorite!  It's not the healthiest option in the world- although I haven't tried their salads yet- but man this place is good.  Carbs on top of carbs?  Yes, please!  Think Chipotle... but italian... and more of it.The hubs and I (along with the kiddo) are all big fans of this place.
5	I just ate at Pellini for the first time and loved it!  I had the pasta bowl and it was delicious!  The pasta was cooked perfect and I loved that I got to choose the veggies I wanted in it.  I will for sure come back.
4	Went back to Pellini to give them another shot, and was pleasantly surprised by the service, cleanliness (last time I ordered online) and flavorful food. I again ordered the Pellini, and artichoke dip, both were quite good.  The artichoke dip was VERY flavorful and was the highlight of the meal.  The Pellini was much better this time, but still some fine tuning on selecting the ingredients could have been done on my part.  Tip: Put the artichoke dip on the Pellini, it takes it from a 7 to a 9 instantly. Cool concept restaurant and definitely worth checking out, have some fun and create something unique!
5	I've had Pellini several times now and it's become something I crave. I always order the same thing, and it's really good as a cold wrap. Grilled chicken, pasta, tomato, romaine, parmesan cheese and LOTS of their gorgonzola dressing (it's so good)! For people who say that they wrap their ingredients in a "regular tortilla", I disagree. I haven't confirmed this, but I suspect that the tortillas they use are the local Red Eagle brand (no yucky taste of lard, butter or preservatives). Very light and flour-y. I have loved them for many years, and they are so good I like to eat them plain. Whatever Pellini uses, they prepare them with a little olive oil and sea salt. Super tasty!
4	Great, new fast casual concept that is completely reasonable, fresh and tasty!  I tried a pasta bowl with veggies and vodka cream sauce.  It was delicious and a huge portion, so I had the leftovers for lunch the next day.  Very friendly service too...they walked us through the entire concept, so we could order exactly what we wanted.  I will definitely be back!
5	This is a nice place to have a quick lunch, great food at an affordable price.  The ingredients are great, you pick what you want in your pasta bowl, and the sauces are great.  Perfect place for a quick an delicious lunch.
4	Spaghetti filled burrito seemed odd but it was very tasty so I'll be coming back.  Service was friendly.  And don't forget to leave room for the nutella filled cookies :)
1	This is probably the worst restaurant we've ever been to. We came in with a groupon soon after they had opened and both ordered an meal and an appetizer. The combination of foods/flavors were just awful. We took a couple bites and ended up trashing the rest-- which is so wasteful and rare considering we will usually eat anything and everything.Additionally, we heard the manager, who was friendly enough to us, yell at the guys in the back and say if they messed up one more order they would be fired! Hopefully they've gotten their act together but I honestly can't believe this place is still open.
4	This place can be overwhelming when you walk in. The manager was very enthusiastic about the food. My wife and I both got the salume trio pellini and a side of artichoke dip. Our 2 year old got a mac and cheese bowl. My wife and I had some trouble deciding what we wanted in it at first, but eventually got it all in. We tried each others and were amazed that both tasted great and were completely different. The mac and cheese was bland and watery, but they replaced it with the pasta bowl, which was nice. unfortunately the kids pasta bowl wasn't amazing either. My 2 year old devoured the dip, which was good, not $5 good but good. I think the pellinis are a cool idea. the pasta in it makes for a great texture and you can mix it up. If you are wanting a good pasta dish, I'd say not here. Go with the pellini. And the manager said after we ordered that she could make a tiny pellini for my daughter. that isn't on the menu, but it should be. I don't think the current kid options are very good.
3	Much better lunch today then what I had with my family on Sunday. I'll stick to my normal sausage and breaded chicken Pellini. It can't go wrong then.
3	Pellini is a fast casual build your own concept eatery with an Italian healthy twist. They feature locally sourced meats, produce and Arizona Durum Wheat Pasta in a sleek cool modern atmosphere. You can build your own Pellini that's basically an Italian Burrito, a salad or a pasta bowl and other items. I tried a salad. The salmon was better than I expected it to be and the greens were very fresh. Some of the ingredients I picked didn't work out so well in my salad as the broccoli is slightly cooked and cold and is not a good choice in salads nor was the grilled eggplant. I saw crunchy fresh cubes of cucumber and asked for cucumber and didn't notice a bin of old soggy cucumber that got used and tossed on my salad instead. I know old before new but that old should not have been tossed and not into my salad. My husband tried a Pellini. The sandwich looks very much like a burrito. The chicken didn't seem breaded but might have been and they added spaghetti to the fillings. The sandwich doesn't get reheated so your cheese (if you pick cheese) stays cold in your sandwich.Pellini is a unique fast casual option and is much higher quality than Subway or Panda Express. 2.5 stars
1	Seriously the dumbest dining experience ever. My first visit consisted of 10lbs of pasta with 2 tablespoons of sauce (not what I wanted clearly). My mom wanted to go again a few months later so I was like ok im willing to give it another chance. My second visit consisted of 3 rude people as I made my way down the line to make my pasta bowl,  the same pasta to sauce ratio, & oh goodie cold toppings. I literally looked at this slop of goulash they just served me and wondered why the h*** between my mother and I it was almost 30 bucks. I honestly would have been happier with McDonald's slug nuggets from the 90's before they were "all white meat" and an apple pie. Don't waste your time at this place.
5	The food was great and Margie bumped the experience up to five stars with her knowledge and enthusiasm.
5	On our way next door to the famous chipotle we noticed a sign saying Italian eatery. Decided why not. Best decision I've made in a long time. Service was the friendliest ever. Informative. The food was absolutely amazing. Margie is the best!!!! Love love love! 6 stars!
1	Not really buying into this concept. The last time I had lettuce mixed in with my pasta was never and it just doesn't work. I was hungry a few minutes after I tried their $7 pellini concoction. First off, you had some moron kid with the personality of a doorknob making my food and then he has a "blowup" which in their cute little minimum wage world means he doesn't know how to roll a burrito that he has been trained how to accomplish. So, I get a thin tortilla with a layer of noodles and a tiny, tiny scoop of whatever veggies and protein I want. I see how this company is going to rip off customers by short changing them on chicken with a scoop that was literally a teaspoon size. The noodles need to be rigatoni or penne because the burro has no density without rice and beans. This is just another concept that Scottsdale people will probably enjoy for  awhile before the next dude wastes his daddy's money on the next big thing. You want a tiny bowl of watery noodles with chopped veggies and cold sauce or a spaghetti burrito that should be eaten by kids then get your butt over to this joint.
3	I've been here a couple of times. It's decent cheap food. The owner's like to call it the Italian Chipotle. Basically you go thru the line like an assembly line and order your pasta and then the toppings and then pay. I think the angel hair pasta works perfectly for this type of eatery. First timers usually get crazy and load up on the toppings. I just get a meat item and some marinara sauce. They give you a bunch of pasta in your bowl so you won't leave that place hungry.
4	Was excited to try the pizza.  I like the Chipotle idea of Italian! Love the pasta for a quick lunch. For what it was it was good. But Saturday at 2pm doors locked! Is it gone for good???
5	YUM YUM!  Great concept and always great food!
1	Well..I have to say I actually love this place but I was sad this evening when I went there for dinner but only to find it closed?!?  I found a sign on the door that says closed until a new permit is granted.  Not sure what happened.
