5	Very good brew coffee, free Internet, Thursday night music, open late over weekday, what else do you expect a Internet coffee shop do for you? This place has been the best social place other than bar. Many people bring their own laptop and sit there for a whole day. I am one of them. It's a place that I have my business deal settled. The family owned  coffee shop. It's never to rush!!!
5	High Speed Internet. Famous last words, lol. I kid, I really do! This place is much more than the internet......... It has great coffee, great service and great conversation! I can spend hours flanking the bar surfing the internet or doing my homework. If I feel social friends are surely to join as well.      Rush is set off of a small man made lake which is very nice especially with the weather changing to the "fall" temps of Arizona. Seemingly cool breeze and the slight buzz of a coffee house are two qualities that make for a wonderful mix in this coffee house.      There is a barista behind the counter whom I am not sure of his name, but he is very meticulous about his espresso shots. I can testify that I have seen him spend ten minutes working on shots to get the most perfect shots. (This is a great quality I know of since I worked in a stuffy and particular coffee house for years.) Check out him and Coffee Rush for their shots, drinks, vibes and lastly, the internet :)
3	Love this place. Good iced coffee and italian sodas, great come-as-you-are/everyone's-welcome-here atmosphere, free internet. When I go there, i usually just grab an iced coffee, but occasionally I'll indulge in one of their blended frozen concoctions. For a non-coffee cold drink try their Italian Soda - club soda vanilla flavoring is my favorite, but they offer a wide selection of flavors like coconut, raspberry, white chocolate, and many others, including sugar-free flavors. Yum!
4	Funny, I don't actually drink coffee. But sometimes I love a good coffee shop. High Speed Internet and delish scones, for one thing. Wait that was two things... Anyway, Coffee Rush has a terrific view of the lake and a nice vibe. Although I'm disappointed to hear of Mackenzie's experience.
5	The espresso foofy drinks here are incredibly strongly caffeinated.  You*will* get a rush.  The caramel rush is delicious but heavy.  Coffee delicacies that drink like a meal.
3	I personally give this place 5 stars being a visitor. Nice customer serivce didn't seem inpatient to me. I had time to pick then sat on ,my laptop with my siblings chatting and laughing the afternoon away. The ambiance is nice but the people were a bit stuffy. Main points go to free wifi with purchase but deduction for the nazi like approach to usage.HOWEVER I lowered the score because my siblings said they are always treated poorly. They blame it on racism because the patrons and staff are predominately white. I like to think society is above that and am just blaming it on poor management. They experienced the same"hassling" as Mackenzie below mentioned. I would like to see their service upgraded. but there selections of coffee and decor were nice.
4	I have frequented this place quite a few times, and its okay.  The things I like about it are the late hours, "free" internet as long as you buy a drink and the indoor and outdoor seating.What I don't like is how they now regulate the internet.  When you purchase a drink, they give you a reciept for only 3 hours worth of internet service.  It's not that I personally need more then 3 hours of service at one time, but why regulate the Wifi?  Maybe its to stop people from camping out and hogging up space or something, I'm not sure.The staff has always been nice to me, but I'm only there on average about once a month at best, and its usually to take advantage of thier late hours.
4	Okay, your standard coffee shop.  I do like the ambiance of sitting outside on the lake though.
4	This is one of the few real coffeehouses I've found in the east valley.  There are pretenders in the area, but the 2 Coffee Rush locations in the EV are definitely authentic coffeehouses.What sets apart a real coffeehouse from a pretender?  Tough question.  You'll know when you're in one.  There's a more connected feel.  There's a sense of community.  The employees know coffee & tea.  The employees take pride in a quality product.  There's a relaxed vibe.Both locations feature Baklava-one of my favorite pastries.  Yum.Bonus:  free wireless & several PCs to use.
5	One of the best independent coffee shops around...Owners and staff are gracious, the coffee is strong, the wifi is free and flowing, and they even have a waterfront location. Great atmosphere at night - not what you would expect from a coffee shop in a strip mall.
4	I have been here a handful of times and every time it is the same pleasant experience. I can only comment on one drink: large vanilla latte. If I am going to a place to get coffee that is my drink of choice. Here is it consistently good. If you go here frequently the staff recognizes you and remembers your name and drink. I often find myself standing waiting for my order having the baristas calling being by name and being very friendly. I wish that they didn't have a $5 minimum credit card charge. I understand the reasoning, but that doesn't mean I have to like. As a person who has cash burn a while in his wallet this can be an inconvenience. This is a nice coffeehouse that sure beats Starbucks or Coffee bean
5	I love, love, love this place! It's so much nicer than Starbucks; the ambience is much better, the coffee tastes way better, and it's cheaper! There is definitely a sense of community about The Coffee Rush, with local businesses leaving business cards by the door and photographs of regulars dotted all over the place. The owners are very friendly and know people by name. Free Wi-Fi always gets my attention, but the beautiful views over the lake outside and the hoards of intellectuals with sunny dispositions, who seem to congregate here, and their way-too-interesting for words conversations, seems to keep it. I tried the black cherry mocha rush frost, which I thought was just delectable. I will definitely be coming back for more in the very near future, since I think this could quite possibly be my beverage of choice for the foreseeable future. What more could a girl ask for than free Wi-Fi, great company, scintillating conversations, and wonderful coffee. The Coffee Rush receives a huge thumbs up from me.
4	I cannot believe this.  I lived in Chandler for eleven years and never discovered this place until I moved to Tempe for college.  Either way, it's a blessing to the earth.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ Coffee is fresh and never burnt.  I drink lots and lots of this drug, I know what's up.-/+ Lots of places to sit, but I just can't get comfortable.  It's too bright inside and the music outside is usually too loud.  However...+ The joint is located on a lake (man-made of course) and it's beautiful.  Once a friend and I passed on the tables and just sat on the edge of the water. Despite the dead fish smell, which wasn't harsh, it was fantastic.+ The employees always ask how you are doing.  They are quick to make drinks and never get distracted.+ Prices are below average.  There are a few items that are a tad overpriced, but in a nutshell this is the place to get an inexpensive good time.+  PUNCH CARD!! As some of you know, I really like punch cards.  Coffee Rush has them.  Get one.
5	Regular visitor (4+ times a week).The best independently owned coffee shop in the east valley. Moe is a terrific owner who is usually hanging around outside talking with friends and customers. The staff is always friendly and fun to talk to. While I usually order tea (chamomile for hot and iced black tea with passionfruit for cold), their blended drinks (rush frosts) are delicious as well. Prices are reasonable and they offer a punch card so you can save up for a free drink.The store itself is beautifully decorated and perfectly placed on the lake.  Art on the walls is frequently rotated. It's always clean, bathroom included. Plenty of seating on the inside and during the late night, seats may be hard to come by outside.It's a smokers paradise. Only one table outside is a smoke-free table. A good majority of the people outside smoke (especially at night). Pipe, cigar and cigarette smokers are regulars.All in all, it's an amazing shop.
2	Caveat: I don't drink coffee (gasp!) so I'll be commenting on every aspect but that. Read other reviews if you want to know how the coffee is.The biggest selling point of this place is that it's open late. Yes it has free wifi, but forgive me for being underwhelmed, considering that pretty much every coffee shop that doesn't have a green logo does. Even then, their obnoxious password system resulted in problems getting the wifi working on my iPhone.The indoor seating arrangement is odd, which has left me feeling uncomfortable if I don't get one of the few seats I like. The outdoor seating is nice, but you won't last long in the evening if you dislike smoke nor in the day if you dislike ducks.Some fools who go here see fit to feed the ducks, which during the day results in ducks coming to you begging for food and crapping nearing your feet. And god help you if you kick them way, you'll have to suffer the disdainful looks of the high school girls who often congregate here.The various non-coffee/tea drinks I've tried aren't good. They're usually just a blend of ice, some sort of syrup or soda, and (depending on what you order) milk. A little fresh fruit, or frozen fruit, or any sort of 'real' ingredient, would go a long way. Instead they seem concerned with making these drinks as cheaply as possible.The baklava I only tried once, since it tasted like it had been sitting out way too long. It's possible I just had some on a bad day, but I won't be ordering it again unless I'm really craving baklava.Most of the baristas are friendly, but a couple are real pr*cks who will wipe the smile off your face if you interact with them. I've also been harassed about ordering quickly, even in situations where the place is relatively empty. Sorry if I don't want to order and have my ice melt before the rest of my friends arrive!As I said, the primary draws of this place is that it's open late and (for indie types) that it's not Starbucks. But as far as I'm concerned, that doesn't excuse the crappy non-coffee drinks and occasional unfriendliness I've experienced.
4	The only realish coffee shop I could experince in the burbs for xmas vacation:  very entertaining/enthusiastic staff, nice interior that makes you almost forget you are stuck in the land of strip malls, decent coffee, pop art and kitsch, free wi-fi and computers, seems like this would be the place to hang if you lived around here.
5	This place is the bomb.  Great coffee,  Super service.  Indoor/outdoor.  View of the lake.Smoking outside, but enough room outside if you don't like smoke.Free wireless, free desktops (30 or 45-min/drink).  I think there are even wired connections if you prefer.  Great vibe.  They learn your name (or make up a nickname for you).They give you the coffee, they stamp your card ... then you pay.  it's a small thing, but it symbolizes the difference between this place and the big guys.
4	Went here for joe and a FRESH baklava this morning. Both were good. Been here 4-5 times now and the service has always been friendly. Atmosphere is above average as their large patio borders the lake. Free Internet. No drive thru.Why don't I go here more often? It gets busy and parking here is a real pain in the ass.
4	I don't think there's much to write about this place that would be new or groundbreaking but this place is really good nonetheless.  The atmosphere is great.  Inside is nice and chill, and the patio has a really good vibe to it.  It's a great place to chill although is a little busy later at night.  The people here do recognize the regulars, and while it's great once you are one, I can definitely see some of the previous comments ringing true where the service can seem rushed & not as personable at times.  However when I go in to get a drink I generally like my drink quickly & this is where they are absolutely dialed in.All & all, it's a great place to hang out, enjoy the wi-fi, & relax..... plus the drinks aren't too bad either.
4	I met up for coffee with a friend, @MsHerr, at a nearby Starbucks.  She asked why I didn't have her meet me at the Coffee Rush.Since then, Coffee Rush has been a top priority to try.  And it does not disappoint.  This is a great place to go for fresh coffee, awesome atmosphere, and a patio with a view.  The free small doses of Internet is a nice added bonus, too.
4	I have heard of this place, but took me forever to check it out. Been there a few times since.Coffee is good  - better than the green logosParking is hard. Love the lake. Its beautiful!Minimum plastic service of $3.99. Keep in mind that a 16oz is less than the minimumLove the Punch Cards!!
4	Been a customer of Coffee Rush for years, great service, yup they always know your name and your favorite drink.Their coffee is always fresh and great tasting and this is a place where you can experiment with virtually any combination of coffee and flavors imaginable, all this with a wonderful atmosphere!
4	"One shot or two?  Same price."Make it a double.Cool.
4	Visited  this place a few times a couple of years ago when I used to live in Chandler.  Service is quick and efficient.  I love how one can take a lovely stroll around the "lake" just steps away from the coffee shop.On a recent visit,  I found out that CR carries Oregan chai, and it's not from concentrate.  Oh, and BTW, if you bring in your 16 oz. tumbler and order a small cup (12 oz..) of beverage, you'll get 16 oz.' worth!  At least that's what I received when I last visited and tried the chai.  I thought that was a nice thing for the barista to do...
5	The only coffee place that has it all. Good service, good drinks, very informative menus/display boards, free WI-FI + free laptops, patio seating on the Lake at Anderson Springs. If there was a downside at all, it would be the parking. But even when it's busy, the staff is extremely efficient while still being incredibly patient and friendly. Starbucks? PUH LEEZ! Touche.
4	My favorite part about Coffee Rush is sitting on the patio looking out at the "lake." Okay so I guess its a pathetic body of water, but for AZ it's something. The coffee is really good, the baristas are friendly (most of the time), and I have always been able to find a spot to sit. They also have free wi-fi. This is a great coffee shop to meet up with friends without feeling like you are the only people talking in the establishment.Bonus: There is a Pita Jungle just around the corner. Con: $5.00 card minimum.
5	Yayy! This place is awesome! I just moved to the area and I'm excited to find a new coffee shop and take advantage of their WiFi. The coffee is great and the people are friendly, I don't see what more a person could want from a coffee shop!Oh yeah, and Pita Jungle is in the same plaza! It's like I moved to my personal little heaven. They open at 5 am which is great for me, seeing as how I get up before the damn sun rises for work.The one thing I could suggest Coffee Rush, contract me to do your pastries  (I know where those muffins are from)!
4	I've been a Coffee Rush fan for years.  I had first stumbled upon this quaint little shop when my friends whisked me into this coffee place.  I'm so glad they did!I love me some fresh baklava and a Caramel Rush.  Prices are always great and the baklava...  YUM!The atmosphere is very nice and cozy.  I've never really ever sat down inside or out on the patio though.  I normally take my drink and walk around the man-made lake with a friend or two.  Sure you have to jump two low walls.  It's so worth it! And might I add... go punch cards!
4	Friendly, family owned. Great coffee, free wi-fi and punch card if you buy nine you get one free. Great if you drink a shitton of coffee like I do. Im a grab n go type of gal but there's a nice patio on the lake if you are that guy that hangs at coffee shops. Could use better artwork/decor inside though.Update: of course the day after I posted this, the internet in my house goes out, so I head to the coffee rush to be "that guy" as I put so eloquently before, and finish some business with their wifi.The owner was there, turns out they were closed for renovations, but he offers us free coffee and pulls a chair for us to sit on the patio. Very friendly, and apparently redecorating.. so I felt the need to add another star.definitely a fan.
2	I've been coming to Coffee Rush off and on through at least 3 sets of owners over the past decade. The decor has improved a mite and they offer Wi-Fi now. Other than than everything about this place is worse than it was.The coffee is worse. The barristas are less friendly and less knowledgeable. And the prices are more expensive.The parking is as difficult to get in and out of as always since the shop is located on a dead end dogleg of the strip mall.The location of the shop next to the man made lake could be a boon, except for: the obnoxious teenagers, the bird and duck crap, the clouds of cigarette smoke, and the variety of insect life.If you're looking for a noisy after party hangout, this'll do. If you want good coffee in a comfortable environment - avoid.
5	This has become my default coffee shop because of proximity to my home, but also the nearby artificial lake that provides an escape factor from the summer heat. For some reason, looking out over water relaxes me.I also really like the coffee and so I brought a friend here who was visiting Phoenix from California. This is when I realized that customer service at this shop was top notch. My buddy inadvertantly spilled half of his iced chai latte while struggling with the lid at the sugar/stir station. Not only did an employee jump to the situation and sponge up the mess, but found us at a table outside and brought a free replacement drink! We made a point of adding to the tip jar when we left.I have to add that their pecan baklava is heavenly, when the impulse grabs you.
2	Coffee Rush is a pretty cozy place to grab a cup of joe, especially because it has a great location, right in front of the lake. Great place for hanging out with friends.Unfortunately the management at Coffee Rush kills the experience. You get hassled to order drinks constantly if you stay longer than 2 hours.Wi-Fi isn't really free. It expires after a couple hours, so you have to buy a new drink to renew it. If you don't you get kicked out by the unfriendly staff.Good coffee. Bad staff. Bad customer experience.
1	Had coffee there several times when an old friend used to study there daily... I thought the coffee was average at best.You can get a decent milk-based coffee drink anywhere and they have no clue how to make espresso (almost one one does so this is no surprise).
4	Though I don't go out for coffee often, I go to Coffee Rush when I do. Great Coffee, decent price. I have filled quite a few punch cards for free coffee. I normally get my coffee to go, but on occasion I sit outside and enjoy the waterfront.
1	I used to study here all the time with friends and absolutely LOVED it!! The close proximity to home, the coffee, the atmosphere, the view of the lake, AND their late hours!! Unfortunately, their customer service is completely lacking and I won't be back. One of the baristas-that one with the nasty pony tail-has major issues with people & likes to go on little power trips. It's pathetic! I understand that outside drinks aren't allowed but the way he approaches people & confronts them is beyond unacceptable! No, I wasn't the one that he 'reprimanded' but I felt so bad for these people-they even BOUGHT drinks before he bitched them out! I've even seen him walk outside to tell people they need to buy something or leave! These people had JUST gotten there & were waiting for more people to meet up! I've never had a run-in with him but i've also NEVER had a good experience either! I'd rather go spend my money elsewhere with MUCH better customer service! I'm amazed that guy still working there if he obviously hates what he does so much to take it out on others!
5	I met a friend for some coffee here today, and it was perfect!  I had the 32oz Cold Caramel Machiatto and a Sour Cream Muffin.  They were both delicious!  The service was very friendly and quick.  I left a tip because everything was just like a local coffee shop should be.  I overheard the barrista talking with many of the customers like he knew a lot of them.  Very cool to be recognized at your local coffee spot.  I used the free WiFi and sat inside, although I recommend sitting outside by the beautiful lake that's adjacent to the shop.  Great location, great coffee, and great muffins!
4	Alrighty, I'm not the most regular regular to Coffee Rush, but as I do work across the street, I'm there fairly often.  Its a small place (as is the parking lot in front, spots are definitely at a premium, I wish you luck!), nice and quiet on the inside, with plenty of seating, and an area with computers (internet code comes with drink purchase should you desire to use it. So its not really "free" wi-fi, per se, but "if you buy from us you can use our internet, till the code expires in a few hours, and you need to buy another drink from us to get a new, active code" wi-fi). Outside, there's a scattering of tables, ashtrays, and lakefront seating. Lakefront seating you say? In Arizona? Well, you better believe it. Sitting on the corner of a man-made lake for an apartment and condo community, those who are so inclined can start the morning (or end their days) sitting by the lake, enjoying the ducks, and the view of the water, and whatever beverage you have purchased to wet your whistle.  Pretty calming if you ask me, but, hell, I grew up on LI, NY surrounded by water, so it might just be a bit of a bias, based on the fact that, well, I grew up on an island. Which means you should take my advice: sitting and listening to water flow and watching the lake is calming. But what about the drinks, you say'? They are the reason you go to a coffee shop, so sure, I'll get on with the drinks. Get. The. Coffee. It's good. There isn't much other ways to say it. Get the coffee, its good, you won't be disappointed. You can fancy it up with milk and sugar, or drink it straight up black. Its just good coffee. If you down for the other drinks, The Frosts are pretty good as well (blended ice, mocha, flavored syrup of your choice, and espresso). They tend to be a bit on the pricier side (6$+/drink), but if you're willing to drop the dough, they are pretty tasty. Iced Tea wise, they have your standard regular unsweetened tea, which is good, a green tea, and I'm not sure, but I think they'll drop  bit of flavoring syrup into the tea should you desire. Unfortunately, the iced tea only comes in one size. It's pretty good tea, but I suck down the approx 16 oz cup way too quickly. If they'd serve it to you in the giant Frost cups, then all would be right with the world, but alas they wont, and you're forced to go back and pay for a refill sooner rather than later. All in all, good coffee, good (albeit small sized) iced tea, semi-free wi-fi, and relaxing lake front setting. I return every few weeks, so it can't be that bad, can it?
4	Decent coffee, GREAT location.  Large patio on the lake, lots of wandering ducks, grassy areas to sit on.  DOWNSIDE: SMOKERS!  EVERYWHERE!  This seems to be a place for the hipster crowd to hang and smoke.  So unless you like cancer fumes, you have to sit inside in the evenings.  Friendly staff.
2	Great location, by the lake... that's the only decent part.  There's no parking when it's busy, the staff is rude and the coffee isn't all that great.
5	I have become a regular here, and it's not just for the lake side setting. Although that's great! The customer service --contrary to some of the previous reviews-- is excellent. Sure they know the regulars, but they make it a point to get to know your beverage preferences. Highly recommend it in the mornings.
4	I'm surprised to see so many poor reviews here.  Coffee Rush has always been a favorite place of mine, and I've never had any trouble with the staff.  After just a few visits here, the staff learned my drink preferences.  And when I say "the staff" I mean everyone I've ever ordered from.  Nathan, Stefano, and Bethany just can't be beat at their customer service.  Over the time I've been coming here they've actually taken the time to get to know me a little, and that's refreshing.  If I miss a Monday night, one of them is always quick to point out that I haven't been.  This is only surprising because Coffee Rush seems to have SO MANY regulars; it's wonderful that everyone here really does try to get to know you.The menu has a lot of really wonderful drinks on it, from lattes to Italian sodas, and more types of tea than you can shake a stick at.  They're always willing to recommend a drink if you're in the mood for something different, and I've never had a bad drink.  My recommendation?  A first-time Rusher should get the black and white (hot, iced, or frost it's delicious).  I'm currently on a chai kick, but I order it with soy instead of milk for a little added flavor.  Delish!There's not a huge food selection: mostly breakfast pastries and desserts, but it's all good.  They usually have a few different varieties of cheesecake, from the traditional to the utterly decadent.  However, if you're feeling a bit peckish, they won't frown upon you bringing in your own food.  Just don't bring your own drink.Mondays are double-punch days, so there's extra incentive to go!  They're usually quite busy in the evenings on Mondays, but the staff has always been willing and able to accommodate our relatively large group when we go.WiFi is available with the purchase of any drink, or you can choose to get a computer code that lets you access the Mac minis in the back.  Codes expire after three hours, which I find to be more than reasonable.Hours are great--open early in the morning until midnight, with a last call for drinks at 11pm.  The view is stunning, and there's outdoor seating (good for smokers and anyone willing to brave the Arizona heat) and indoor seating to spare.Most of the one and two-star reviews mention customer service, which I can somewhat understand.  My tip?  Order a drink before you sit down.  It's common courtesy.  Would you sit down in a restaurant for an hour before you were ready to order your meal?  No.  Coffee Rush is usually super busy when I go, so the staff is intent upon making sure everyone has an opportunity to get seated.  If you order a drink, they'll let you loiter for a LONG time.  So...just order a drink and you'll be fine. :)Coffee Rush is one of the things I will miss most about Arizona if/when I decide to leave.
5	Perfect location when they picked this spot (right next to a lake with ducks).  Have always had great service here and FAST!  These employees work good together and are usually making 2 to 3 drinks at the same time.  I read some of the absurd poor reviews below and they are just inaccurate.  I have been going here for years now and have never had inappropriate or poor service or seen it being given to anyone else.
1	The place itself is cool. But the bald guy behind the counter thinks the owns te place, and he thinks he is not bald just coz he has a pony tail. He is a complete prick to say the least. He has an urge to tell off atleast one person per hour! And he is racist.
4	I'm seeing that there are a lot of mixed reviews for this place, but I've been here a handful of times now and I really enjoy it.The owner is always very very nice when I come in. I actually haven't been served by anyone else on the staff, so I cannot say how the rest of the service is, but my coffee is always made well and quickly!I also really appreciate the very LARGE selection of sugar-free flavors they have. The lists for regular and sugar-free are almost exactly the same! That's a huge bonus for me! I get enough of a kick from caffeine (especially since Coffee Rush give you a double shot for the price of one) without the need for added sugar, but I also like a variety of flavors. Plus the pricing is cheaper than other shops that I've been to lately. Not by a lot, but by a couple dimers.And the location is also really nice. You can sit right out next to the man made lake and make friends with the local ducks. Just don't feed them any bread, and then you won't have to worry about duck shit ;)
5	Wow, how do i begin? I have been coming over here for the pass 6 years. I would have to say it is by far my favorite coffee shop and one of my favorite hangouts. The location is absolutely fabulous, right by the lake with a little nice grassy area. Free Internet service for the customers there. Through out the years the place have been getting more popular with in the community, even the Starbucks workers hangout there after they get off their shift, Most importantly is the staff they hire, the owner holds this place to his heart and only hire people that is passionate about their job and very genuine (by genuine i meant they are not gonna bullshit and kiss your ass just because you are a customer) and for being in a customer service industry i love the fact that they let their employee be themselves and that's how you build a great relationship with your customer. Now to the coffee, my favorite drink is the Carmel nut latte, amazingly delicious, if you are a new comers let them know your tastes and they will fix something conferable to ur taste. I am not sure if they still have different art displace over their, but they use to feature local artist paint and art on their walls to promote the local art scene. Over all this is just a fantastic establishment, i would recommend it to anyone.
5	Been going to Coffee Rush since they were Coffee Plantation... so a long, long time. No better place to study and have a cigar, meet up with some friends, or just come to hang out.
4	Coffee Rush is by far the best coffee shop experience the East Valley has to offer.  It's a great place to study or just hang out with friends.  As far as the free Wi-Fi with drinks.  I am in full support.  The place has to make a business somehow and I think that 3 hrs is adequate.  What the baristas lack in customer service they make up in quality and expertise.  Their drinks are always perfect and they will mix up any drink imaginable. Take that Starbucks!  The place is almost always busy with customers in line so they must be doing something right.  My only request?  Take over the shop next door and expand to a similar size like the Gilbert rd. location.
5	I love coming to Coffee Rush. The employees are friendly, but more importantly, they are experts when it comes to crafting amazing espresso drinks.
3	Yummy white mocha! Uncomfortable seats outside and hardly any inside, but I'd still go back. Never personally had problems with the staff. Pony-tail dude is always nice to me...
4	Oh coffee rush, how i love you soo very much.Their coffee is always on point to me, and their iced chai tea latte is amazing! i think i will have to either go down to getting non fat milk or sugar free because their mochas are very sweet but still amazing.  Ive never had a bad experience with customer service.  All the guys that have made my coffee have always been nice. Not fake nice either. Just plain nice. Sometimes i felt as though i had been intruding one of the main guys working or whatever but i always stop in for my 32 oz iced mochas on my way to work.  I know how customer service can be kind of annoying when you have to deal with annoying rude customers i have worked with people like that for over 8 years so honestly i know. I HATE IT. I always try to treat people the way i would want to be treated and i would never put any pressure on someone preparing my food or drinks! rudeness will never get you anywhere.Now my favorite mocha by far...im not sure they are all good but just so you know the tiramsu mocha might be my favorite once i get the non fat milk or soy. i was hoping someone would have been adventurous and told me how it tasted. all i have to say is that it is good. All the mochas seem overpoweringly sweet except the black and white is perfect right in the middle but too thick of milk where i feel like im gaining 10 lbs per drink. bleh. tomorrow i will try the cherry mocha with the pecan baklava. im crossing my fingers i will love it too... or i might just get the tiramasu again but with nonfat milk...hmmm the choices!:)
5	I am happy I went to the coffee rush! They got an amazing selection of coffees and drinks. Very chill atmosphere and geek friendly. Will be coming back and becoming a regular. :)[Update] - I am a regular and thoroughly enjoy Coffee Rush.
4	I went for the first time around 4:30pm on a Thursday afternoon with a good friend. The place was surprisingly busy for that time of day... there was only one small table outside. The decor is somewhat lacking... no personality and the chairs are fairly uncomfortable - outside at least.I got the medium decaf Vanilla Latte and it was quite tasty. It wasn't super sweet and the taste was good. I'm not a coffee expert, but it was better tasting than the same drink at Starbucks. My friend got a small Chai Tea and said it was okay, but she didn't finish it.I also got a walnut baklava and it was delicious! I love baklava, but a lot of places make it far too sweet. The baklava at Coffee Rush was a big portion and the perfect amount of sweet. BTW, we didn't have bad service like a lot of the reviewers on here. The lady who helped us was efficient and quick. Not overly social, but there was a line so that seemed reasonable.
4	I really like the atmosphere and the coffee here, the only thing that is keeping me from giving it five stars is every time I have been here, the wi-fi has been so slow it is nearly useless. Hard to do any studying or work that relies on having access to online materials.
5	I really love this place. The staff is great, the drinks are great and it's a great place to hang out with friends or study. The location is really awesome, being right next to a lake. You can sit there and enjoy or you can take your coffee and take a nice lil stroll around the lake. This place is one of the few places that make my soy caramel macchiato right - it's not too sweet and it's mixed just right. Their Italian sodas are also really yummy; I love the deadly one. And what's better to go with your coffee than a pastry? I love getting a slice of baklava to go with my yummy coffee. That combo is a perfect start or end to my day :)
5	The best coffee shop in the valley. Good coffee, great people that run it. Free wifi and ducks!
3	Here's the breakdown:4.5 stars for the coffee + 2 stars for the baklava + 2.5 stars for the service = 9 stars/ 3 = 3 Stars total.The coffee was very good. I had a caramel nut latte. I will have it again. The baklava looked fantastic but was pretty much gross. This is the second time I have tried to eat it and it was exactly the same nasty stuff twice in a row. Even though it looks fantastic it tastes horrible. Avoid it at all costs. The service was sub-par. Our coffee person was a bit bi-polar. I'm not even kidding on this. One minute he was pleasant the next he was rude then back to pleasant, then rude.....it continued on like this for at least a few minutes. At first I thought he was just being sarcastic which I can appreciate, but then it turned into something else....not exactly sure what, but something not good. Anyway, he did make a mean coffee, so props to that!. Over all, yes I will go back, but I will not eat anything there this time. I have learned my lesson twice over now:)
4	This place gets four stars because the barista's know what they ae doing and are always friendly.  The coffee and location isnt bad either.  Where else can you go to sit on a lakeside patio..?
5	I usually go to the Coffee Rush in Gilbert/Mesa, so I was happy to find out that this location is right next to another business I frequent. The owners are one of the best part of the Coffee Rush experience; however, I love grabbing a cup of coffee, sitting by the lake and watching the ducks/sunrise. If you love European style coffee... then look no further!
5	My fav coffee place! Any/all of the frost or iced drinks are super good. I've had some hot drinks, and they're surprisingly good too, especially since i'm not much of a hot coffee drinker. I usually get the black & white mocha frost, it's the best! The baristas & owners are all super friendly! When i got my tonsils taken out, they even offered me complimentary drinks:) The wifi isnt bad either ! it's always a relaxing place to get some homework done or just hangout with friends.
1	I have many friends who are in love with this coffee spot. That being said, they are the kind of people who order milkshakes masquerading as espresso drinks. I have never been impressed by the coffee here. Another thing, they are extremely expensive for the quality you are getting! Now, I'm not opposed to spending 4 bucks for a latte at Cartel or spending however much when I'm in LA at Intelligentsia etc. But I asked for a soy latte with sugar free syrup (my dessert for the day, not my typical morning jolt) and it was something like 6.50. INSANE.As a result, I have tried to bring my own drinks to their outdoor patio when I have met friends there. The "baristas" have repeatedly come outside to tell me to throw my outside drink away. On an outdoor patio. Closer to the lake than to the business itself. Cheap motherfuckers.
3	The people seem to know how to make coffee, but that's it. I tried to have a conversation with the guy, who claims to be Turkish about Middle Eastern cultural and how diverse it was and he said, "the Middle East really isn't that diverse." Uh-huh and that's why there's so many problems between Sunnis and Shiites right?That aside, they have taken call ahead orders, usually make a good cup of coffee and serving sizes are the standard. A bit pricey, but they do have a frequent buyer card that sort-of masks the Starbucks-esque pricing of the place. I was put off by the chauvinistic reviews that others had posted and the ignorance of the people for all things not coffee.When I asked where they get the Baklaava, the answer was Ali Baaba, which is a wholesale food distributor in the valley. You could buy it yourself for a fraction of the price.
5	This is a neat family owned business with two locations in the southeast valley. This particular location has a slightly older crowd and a very relaxed but fun atmosphere. The baristas are always high energy and very friendly, half the fun is ordering your coffee. The coffee isn't exactly the best quality and they only serve in disposable cups despite the high amount of regular customers. But they have so many coffee and non-coffee options so everyone is sure to find something they'll love. Also a good spot to study except for the music selection (kinda dated and distractingly so). Open very early and open the latest out of any coffee shop I know.It is also in a nice strip mall with a grocery and several restaurants AND an artificial lake with DUCKS ! I love ducks and feeding them so I'm always enthusiastic to come here.I love you Coffee Rush ! But please start using ceramic mugs or start selling reusable coffee mugs (preferably not made in China). Thanks!
3	So, the other day I went to my 'work' (for school, and I don't get paid), but I failed to get an e mail that said I didn't need to get there until an hour after I normally get there. So I got the message and decided to drive around for awhile to see if I could find an impromptu stop on my Caffe Tour de Phoenix! (ftw). And I found this place. Lucky me.... I went in and the barista was flirting with all the girls... trying to get more tips. The menu was weird.... it had a million different syrups and whatnot that can be mixed in. So I didn't have a ton of time, so instead of getting my usual (a hot latte) I got an iced latte because I can drink it way faster. Well, to say the least, it was not very good. The coffee was kind of bitter and was not super pleasant. The location was nice, so that gets them points... right on a fake lake. Anyway, I've had a lot better coffee, but this wasn't gross or anything.... Oh, and BTW, you have to spend like 3.55 or something weird to use a credit card.... a small latte does not equal this amount. Just a warning.
3	i am a huge fan of a lot of other coffee places but coffee rush is ok. their outdoor seating is nice but the baristas aren't as friendly as the ones at gold bar and seem less knowledgeable. the frosts,a milkshake type drink. are pretty good but i don't go to coffee bars for milkshakes.
4	I grew up around my hometown coffee house where I practically lived, so I was pretty stoked to find this place 2 miles from my house in AZ. I've stopped by here and there over the years, but now I come more often. I'd love to be here all of the time but alas I can't.I teach and write online and many of the times, the wifi here is so slow. I've talked to the owner and he explains that PCs with viruses pound their routers with packets and it slows everything down. He said everyone should buy MACs. This sounded odd to me, but, in his defense, every time I convince the barsita to reboot the router, it's faster for a little bit. Still not as fast as other places with similar number of customers. This is why it doesn't get 5 stars from me.I love their drinks. I get a 32oz (no idea why Joe A. said their ice teas come in only 16oz) black passion fruit tea. Totally yummy. I always buy a refill up front for when I leave. If I need a kick, I grab a large hot black and white frost, too. No idea what's in it, but it gets me flying until they close at midnight.Ah yes, they're open until midnight, and NO where (coffeehouse) else around here is open that late. They're also on a lake where ducks are known to walk under your feet and people bring their dogs. If you don't mind the smoking, sit outside. That's the best place to sit. And yes, parking is a challenge but well worth it.
4	Coconut coffee, that actually tastes like coconut
4	I would maybe give this 3 stars, but a town such as Chandler needs a coffee shop such as Coffee Rush. I ordered a mint mocha, which was more mint than mocha. The baristas are nice but overly "charming" with the ladies. This means folks of the male persuasion come in second. Nice location with ample parking. Nice view of a nice suburban-style pond. I will definitely go on my next visit to Chandler....because otherwise, it's Starbucks.
4	Great coffee, great people and the boardwalk is a lovely addition. You can sip your coffee and walk around the boardwalk and look at the ducks. It's also not Starbucks which is always a plus. Sometimes they get overly busy when there's one person working but overall the wait is worth it.
5	LOVE this place! Nice outside patio action, I bring my dog and people just love her. Lots of seating out there and I think I saw misters as well. Free wi-fi, nice atmosphere inside as well.The Mocha Rush is the absolute BOMB.Family owned business and they take pride in their coffee. I once witnessed the owner walk outside and ask a man who was seated on the patio to have a little respect and throw away his Starbucks cup if he was just going to sit there and read.
4	Outside patio with fans and a mist system by the lake a nice hang out spot, except for the smokers.  Coffee is tasty with a lot to choose from.  Staff very friendly and helpful.
3	It's a nice place to stop by for a coffee. Very comfortable, lots of room. Service was great.But it doesn't compare to coffee cartel or bergies in terms of the coffee itself. They don't roast them and you can tell. If your a coffee geek it's probably going to be average here like a Starbucks.
3	Really good coffee. Really friendly service. Really nice patio seating over looking a "lake". The problem is that it is not designed for the comfort of just hanging out. Lots of tables for working which is nice but no comfortable chairs/couches to sit and read. Also, I think it is very unfriendly not to have at least your next refill of drip coffee be free.
2	Disappointed with the bitter coffee and less than desirable ambiance.  It is loud and uncomfortable inside.
5	An awesome coffee place. I kind of find Coffee Rush peaceful, with the atmosphere, the outdoor tables, and the (somewhat gross) lake outside. Their drinks are delicious and the prices are good. I am always amazed at how fast they are with just one person working, at starbuck it takes them double the time with seven people working.
3	Great little place! A hidden treasure for sure. The service is amazing! I had the house coffee in instead of my normal French roast. Not strong enough. But, it's good. Try it!The parking lot is always full. I have been there at different times and it's always the same.  Don't go if you are in a rush. He he!But the staff is absolutely great.  The selections of teas and coffee is good. They also have pastries and such.  Good for the weekend hang out. If you sit outside by the lake, you will enjoy it very much.
4	I am all about non commercialize coffee houses, yes I am a very big fan of Starbucks, but when I can I enjoy the local coffee shop. Coffee Rush is just a cool place, outside seating next to a lake, or sit inside, grab a cup of joe and read your fav book    The only problem I have is that when I drink coffee, sitting around isn't something I can do.  They can make the same drinks as Starbucks, but half the price! I will be back forsure!!
5	I love this place!I have been coming to Coffee Rush for several years now, and never once have I had a bad experience. The coffee is delicious, they have a lot of beverage choices, and the baklava is fantastic. There is free wifi and plenty of plug ins for your laptop (something that Starbucks is lacking).  It is a family owned and operated business, so the owners are frequently there to make sure things are going smoothly, and they are very good at remembering your "usual" drink. Coffee rush's patio backs a beautiful lake which I walk around several times a week, watching the ducks and turtles swim around. It is also a very dog friendly patio as well.
5	Great coffee, great baristas who smile and remember your name, great couches inside, and great patio next to the lake.  Local coffee shops like this need support - more so than those other big corporations down the road...  And this place has won best of awards - they deserve it.  Sit out by the lake, enjoy the view -and the free wi-fi, and drink your delicious coffee.
5	Moving here from Seattle, I gave up on finding a great coffee shop (no, Starbucks is not what I consider great coffee!!). I love this place!!! And the lattes have awesome flavor!!! Loved the outside patio & that I can chill with a cigarette there next to the little lake & duckies waddling around.  Even though it takes a little longer to get that latte it's sooo worth the wait!!
2	I've been to CR a few times now since I like to venture out of my usual latte spots... usually a decent experience... This time, however, I had several disappointments that altered how I perceive this place (and ultimately alter my desire to come back again).  This particular evening, my sister and I arrived and, though we weren't planning on staying and hanging out (I just wanted a latte), after what we experienced, we decided to leave quickly.  The place has a nice, local hang-out feel to it - lots of random people, in groups, or on laptops, just chillin' enjoying their drinks.. the staff was friendly and all, too.  When I went to order my latte, I had a few questions on steam temperature for my milk (I'm slightly picky about that) and he kindly answered them and executed my shots as requested.  As I was paying (cash, since they only allow debit/CC cards at a minimum of I think $5), he asked if we were going to stay there for the evening or just to-go.. me, total optimist, thinking he is going to offer us the wifi password or even a sample of something or just plain being friendly and talkative, was surprised when he said "yeah, because you have an outside drink and we don't allow those, so you'd have to leave" adding a fake sorry face... my sister, next to me, holding her Starbucks water container filled with WATER... I'm thinking "really??? are you serious??" I was super surprised at that statement and frankly, really annoyed.  I just bought a product and am being told that because she has a Starbucks CUP (not even a Starbucks coffee), she has to leave.  WTF!You can tell that totally did not sit well with me.  We kindly said we'd leave as we were going to go shopping anyway... THEN, as I go to shake the nutmeg and the cinnamon in to my latte (this is how I fake myself out that my latte is sweet without the extra sugar), I shake and shake and the flippin' spices come mixed with SUGAR - both nutmeg AND cinnamon... what's the point?  There were already 3 different kinds of sweeteners there on the shelf for ppl to add as they please, why do they have to add sugar to the cinnamon and nutmeg shakers?.. I found that annoying and definitely a con to getting lattes at this place.all in all, I'm not sure I'll come back soon.. maybe not for a while.. or ever.  Sorry, but I've experienced better.
3	Came here with the kiddos on a beautiful April morning, sun shining, ducks quaking, water glistening....but the average coffee, rusted dirty tables and chain-smokers ruined the experience for us.  A wonderful sweet couple at the table next to us even gave us bread that they brought so that our kids could feed the ducks, but we couldn't stay long (cough cough) and threw away the mostly full coffee cups on our way out.  Come here and sit by the pretty green water, share the outside space with your pet, your fellow smokers and enjoy an average, slightly worse than Starbucks espresso drink.  Note - minimal food choices (muffins and baklava).
4	This place is out of my normal coffee route so I have only been once.So why am I leaving a review?For one, my iced mocha actually tasted like espresso and chocolate instead of just milk.  It was very good and highly recommened if you are near here to check out.The main reason, the barista here is really cool. I didn't pick up his name, but he seemed to know most of the people how come in and picked out I was new even though he was very busy.   It's very fun to watch him speed through the orders and he had a great attitude.  He made the whole place seem that much more friendly and a cool place to hang out.The coffee shop is right on the corner of the shopping center and you can sit outside and by the lake they have in the back and watch the ducks while enjoying your coffee.
4	I am addicted to coffee. I know, it's a problem! :D Buuut I wouldn't say I'm an expert. So excuse my own way of describing what I like and don't like. The coffee here is the perfect "strongness". The taste is perfect for me, strong enough without being bitter and gross. They have a great variety of espresso drinks like mochas, black and whites, mint, etc. All really good. The baristas have quite the showmanship. They are quick, precise, and do some cool tricks as well! The atmosphere is okay. Fine to study but not exactly cozy to hang out. There is free wifi which is a plus.
5	This coffee shop is the standard in what a local coffee shop should be. I regularly receive great service from the staff ans the quality of the drinks is top notch. You can tell right away that the baristas have a passion for serving the best caffeinated drinks to customers.
4	I can't say much about the coffee other than the fact that my iced mint mocha was full of syrup and artificial flavoring. If I ever order another drink there, it will definitely be straight shots of espresso or an americano. Something a lot more coffee and a lot less ... not.The biggest reason for my 4 stars is the location. They have this nice patio outdoors IN THE SHADE where you can a) enjoy the nice view b) people watch for daysss!I could sit here for hours with a book or in conversation. Everyone is mindful of the others who are either studying/catching up. I was quite surprised to find this gem and was grateful for the introduction. There is wifi here so great for light work and its located around the corner from Pita Jungle (another yelp favorite) which is an added bonus!
4	I've been a fan of Coffee Rush for years. It's the same great family working there. The staff is much more personable than Starbucks and you never feel uneasy if you want to change the drink because you don't like it. This is a way a business should be ran--friendly, giving back to the customer, knowledgeable about the products, and compassionate.
4	I found this coffee shop because it is one of only two coffee shops between my house and work, without a detour.  The other one is Starbucks.Coffee Rush has a nice selection of coffees, with different espresso drinks as well as various brews.  Prices are certainly more reasonable than the competitor.  Probably my favorite part about this place is the consistency!  I know when I order an iced white mocha the second time, it will taste like it did the first time.  So far I've only gone in the morning on a weekday, so I'm not surprised to see the same barista each time.  He is always very friendly, makes drinks very fast, and seems to have started to recognize me.  I hope I can go back when I'm not rushing to get to work so I can sit down, either in the shade outside or the cozy chairs inside, and enjoy the ambiance.
3	You get three stars from me. Why? Because you're A-ok. But you're not fabulous. On the plus side you're cheap. And much like that characteristic in a date, I like that in my coffee shop. You, however, can be overly sweet.  And on the same comparison I like a little snarky. You miss that. The only place I've found with a really great coffee is in Austin, Tx. And as part of my commute to work its just 10 minutes too many out of the way. So Coffee Rush is my local haunt for now. But if Austin Texas gets just 10 minutes closer to Phoenix and my daily commute. . Well I'm definitely abandoning you.
5	Best ever! Go every week:D
3	I have been researched and tried so many local coffee shop, and this place has reasonable price, great view outside and very chill....however, if you are not smoker, do not try to relax outside. There are bunch of people smoke... Also, they should fix the system about using wifi. You can get each different password to connect to wifi for only 3 hours.Plus, if you have couple device you want to connect to wifi (iPhone, iPad) you need to get another drink ( if you have two, you need to get two drinks....)
5	I came to this coffee shop for the first time today, and I loved it! I just got a plain hot coffee, but it was tasty and the price was relatively cheap ($1.58 including tax - less than Starbucks, I believe). I also love that Coffee Rush is not a huge franchise. The cashier was super friendly and welcoming, and I even got two stamps on my punchcard since it's Double Punch Monday! I also enjoyed the large outdoor patio area. With the nice weather, it's so refreshing to sit out and look at the lake while enjoying my coffee. Plus, it's shady! The only complaint I have about the patio is that many people smoke, but I guess there's no way around that in any outdoor seating area. I'll definitely be back, and I'm hoping to try one of their fancier drinks next time!
3	I have mixed feelings.First the positives:Customer service was fantastic! The barista, Stepheno, was wonderful. I let him know it was my first time in and he explained their menu and how to order and what not. It was SO nice not having to deal with that smug hipster attitude you find at a lot of the local coffee shops in the valley. He also asked my name and my sons name. He let me know he made my sons chocolate milk at "kids temp" which was wonderful. Also, he told me you can get 1 or 2 shots of espresso for the same price. Awesome!You can buy beans to take home. And if you buy 1 lb you get a free frost drink. Nice!The barista also seemed to know pretty much everyone who came to the counter and their order. I was definitely impressed by that. My coffee was pretty good. I'm sort of a coffee snob so I could tell they don't roast the beans, but that's just me being nitpicky. The coffee is good, just not the best I've had locally.I love the location. Patio in the back with a nice view of the water.Reasonable pricesDiverse crowd - young, old, moms with their young kids, people working or studying...no one will feel out of place here.Negatives:Now for the great customer service I received today, they have some policies I find totally anti-customer and irritating.1) You have to spend at least $3.99 to use a debit/credit card. I never carry cash so this is absolutely irritating and inconvenient. I hate it when businesses cheap out and pass this cost unto the customer. Look I get the there are fees, but at least hide it and raise the prices a bit to make up the cost. 2) the wifi policy is ridiculous3) the patio is overrun with smokers so my son and I could not enjoy sitting out there.So...I don't know. Tough call.
4	Classic nineties coffee shop. No third wave coffee here. You can get blended coffee drinks. Smokers all over the patio. Plenty of outlets. People talking, playing cards, studying. You will get kicked out if they don't like you.
5	I was told about this place from a co-worker. Thanks buddy. My new favorite.I have 99% good things to say about this place, and only one bad. . . . . Should I save the bad for last?Okay, bad for last. I walked up to the place and smelled raspberries that delighted me. Then I walked in and strong coffee hit me like flirting gone bad. It was still a good smell though. I let the barista know I was looking for something good, and then found something awesome. I told her I wanted the Rush coffee, and pointed at the sign. She said "Oh sorry, that is just the description of all of our coffees". My mistake, but if that was one coffee, it would be wonderful. So I looked at the actual drink menu, and chose a black and white iced late with coconut. To my surprise, I didn't receive any weird looks like I get at Starbucks for being adventurous. Then I watched the red headed barista dance around (literally) while she made my coffee. It was a pleasant experience. I think people would be happier if they got to watch people serving their food/drinks/coffee/bag groceries/etc while dancing. So my drink tasted awesome, and she explained the stamp card to me. As I walked out, I walked right into a cloud of cigarette smoke. There you have it, the only bad thing about this place I found. I absolutely hate smelling cigarettes! The whole patio turned into a smokers haven, it was nasty. So all in all, the coffee is awesome and I will go back for sure. When I bring my daughters with me, I will most likely run on my way out.
4	I was looking for a place to study over winter break that was not a Starbucks, and found this place on Yelp.  It had the most ratings in my area, and also the highest average rating.  But most importantly, it was open till 11PM!!  This is especially important in a town where everything seems to close around 8PM.  I've actually been here a couple times before when I was in high school and undergrad; I guess my more outgoing friends knew what they were doing when they picked this place.  The service is still amazing, and I think I saw the same owner dude that I recall from a decade ago.  That's commitment.  The drinks are interesting and well made, and the place is pleasantly aromatic.  No complaints there.  And now for the downsides:1.  3 hour limitation on Wifi? Is this a new trend or something?  Definitely seems a bit stingy.2.  Credit card minimum is annoying, but not totally unexpected.  3.  Smokers on the patio.  I was sitting inside, yet for some reason when I got home I could smell smoke on my clothes.  Ugh. Otherwise, it's my coffee shop of choice when I go home for the holidays!
3	I have been there many times but the allure is waning.Coffee drinks are good -- better than Starbucks. Whole coffee beans are OK but you can get better at many places.Baklava is mediocre and overpriced.Seating isn't cozy if  you want to have private conversationsService is quick and professional.
4	Young-ish hip people chatting and working on laptops. Black and white frost is very sweet
5	Absolutly love this place. Out of all of the places I have reviewed. They get they 5+ of the 5. Not only do they have tasty coffee that is un-burnt, un-adolterated and un-starbuckutated, they have REAL BARISTAS. They can always recommend, create and give you what you are looking for.  When I bought my first espresso machine, they gave me instructions on how to get the best results from it. The baristas are always bright, friendly and quick.  Even when I'm having a bad day I can't help but leave with a smile afterward.I have been here through finals, break-ups, hard ships and just plain simple moments I wanted peace. The lake is the perfect setting for all of these and nothing less.  The coffee would be just as good without the lake, but the ambiance is truly made by both. I hope coffee rush is around forever. It is one of the best places to enjoy life. Simple as can be.
5	good place.  quality stuff & staff.  good location, good atmosphere (kinda wish they had peanut butter tho)
2	Pros: Location, location, location...can't beat sitting next to a beautiful lake (albeit fake) and enjoy the weather and the ducks. They have Wi-Fi.Cons: Coffee is ok nothing special.   You only get a cup of hot water and a tea bag if you ask for tea, they don't brew it or boil the water.  One of my pet peeves here is that they have hardly any food!  It's the same crap every week, baklava and other really sugary things.  Wish they had sandwiches or some real food besides sweets. If you wanna enjoy the ducks and lake there is a good chance you will also be enjoying someone else's smoke.  This can get annoying quickly specially if you have a whole table that's smoking next to you or if someone has cigars. If you go early in the mornings you tend to avoid these people.Service?  It depends who you get.  Most of the staff is pretty cool and mellow, the owners on the other hand can sometimes be abrupt and some what rude.  They don't like you hanging around for too long.  As for the Wi-Fi, I went in once bought a latte and some cake thing and asked for a WI-Fi connection # (you need it to log into their network).  I sat down with my laptop and iphone and realized  I was going to need another Wi-Fi connection # cuz I was planning on updating my iphone while I was there and they make you get a # for each device.   I immediately went back to the line and asked the girl for another Wi-Fi connection # at which point she told me I would have to spend at least another $3 in order for her to give it to me since that was their policy.  I had just spent $7 for that coffee and stupid sweet thing  so as far as I could see I had met their policy.  A lady in line with her husband agreed with me since she remembered me being in line ahead of her and told the girl to just give me her # since she didn't think they were being reasonable either.This place has a lot of potential and they would get a higher rating from me if they would address some of these issues.
5	I have been going to Coffee Rush since the beginning times.  I love everything about this place & the other locations.Majority of the staff knows me & they always provide top notch customer service; true baristas at work! Lastly, the coffee is the best coffee in the valley.  My favorite is the large Iced Mocha with 6 shots of espresso.  I recommend this place over any other coffee house in the valley.
4	I love this place and I love the lake view from the patio. The only reason this appt doesn't get 4 stars is bc parking is so bad here. Smallest lot ever that you awkwardly have to back out of if there are no open parking spaces.
5	I love it! great coffee !
5	Best place to relax by a lake and get some work done. and of course have some coffee. totally a constant local hang out
4	Mocha Rush Frost. Do it.   I don't even drink coffee (I don't like the taste), but I stole a sip of my husband's once and was addicted from then on.  There's an okay selection of teas, but it's not their area of expertise.  The baristas are always friendly and they know how to make a good drink quickly.  This location has plenty of patio seating right next to a beautiful "lake, "  though I actually prefer the other location's gorgeous plant-filled patio.  I thought they used to have a collection of board and card games you could borrow during your visit, but last time we were there (in May after having moved out of state 2+ years ago), I didn't see any.Big bonus: free wifi.  And it still maintains a pretty decent speed even when everyone's on it.
4	My 18-year-old brother hangs out with his friends here often, and was mind blown that I'd never been because: 1) I'm a sucka for local coffee . . . And addicted 2) It's close by my placeFinally gave in after a quick run to Sprouts! The Barista seemed to be putting on one heck of a show, something you don't see too often. Felt like I was hanging out at a bar, not a coffee joint. Like I usually do when trying out a new place like this, I asked him what would he recommend. He said "Black and White!" without hesitation. OK, normally don't drink milk bomb "coffee", but let's just give it a go! This drink was a combination of light and dark mocha. Super, super sweet for my tastes, but enjoyable every once in a while. Oh yeah, not to mention, absolutely wired for the rest of the day! If your drink is under $3.99, you better have cash with you.WiFi is regulated; you'll 3 hours of Internet from your coffee receipt. Never really need that much time anyway when I'm working on-the-go . . . It's just a little strange, and likely super annoying for those college students out there. Patio overlooks a man-made lake. Nice place to chill out and read a book if you're not competing with a large number smokers for oxygen. I look forward to coming back and trying their different roasts (read: their actual coffee).
5	What strikes me is the menu that makes sense! Larger cup size for the ice coffee. You get the same amount of coffee compare to hot ones.  Other coffee shops I have to ask for less ice so that I don't feel like I get rid off. The cashier is also the coffee maker! And he is a happy magnet. You feel he is so happy to work there. Greet customer with joy and make the coffee with uplift spirit. I love the energy there! When you get a coffee, you feel like you also get a piece of joy out of the person who makes it. The coffee choice is much nicer and more versatile (Coconut mocha, Tiramisu mocha...) than Starbuck and cheaper. It's also right by the lake with a view. I am in love with this place. It will be Coffee Rush for me for a while instead of Starbucks or Coffee Beans and Leaf.
5	Consistently a very friendly and efficient staff.  The patio view of the water makes it a great atmosphere.  Coffee's great!
5	Dog friendly indoor/outdoor cafe with wifi in Chandler. What more can you ask for? It's hard to find places like this in Phoenix, so I have a few that I favorited and continue to visit. And they are right next to a (man-made) lake, so the ambience is beautiful. They serve typical cafe fare.
5	Coffee Rush is the perfect environment for a relaxing evening talking to some friends by the lake, or a homey place to read. I do both during my spare times. I have never been let down with any of their drinks, for they are all absolutely delicious and perfect to taste, and for a bargain of a price. Every barista is so friendly and makes you feel so welcome. I have been in love with this place for months, and I'm afraid I'll never get over it. Whether it's with a group of friends, or just yourself, I suggest this a place to hang out.
4	Great coffee...great location...great atmosphere.   I'm not a big Starbucks fan so I look for local coffee shops...this is one of my favorites!   I highly recommend it.
3	I like this place somewhat but the people behind the counter give a BS story that they can not lower the music WHICH IS LOUD ALL THE TIME and you can not hear yourself on the phone either outside or inside. If you need to be on the phone this is the last place to go visit. Go to another coffee location that help their customers out.
5	This place made me a coffee drinker....but really of only theirs! My favorite is a sugar-free (sort of) Black and White Frost. Ummm...delicious! The baristas (and owners...it's a family) are AWESOME! Always make you smile when you get there. Always nice! Even if there is a long line, they work fast to get everyone through and the prices are cheaper than Starbucks (in my experience). I LOVE the Chandler location by the "lake". My kids love going to get their non-coffee chillers and then feed the ducks by the pond. Great, friendly place. Everyone should try it once!
4	It's a good alternative to Starbucks, but the taste isn't that much different. The guy with the weird ponytail (not the owner) is kinda annoying though.
1	I had a plan today- go to a highly rated coffee house and watch the sun rise... came across Coffee Rush and thought "Sunrise over the lake? Yes!"However, what I came to was a crapshoot. I arrived at 5:35am to what seemed promising. There was a greasy barista talking to a customer in the lobby. What I came to find later that it was a greasy barista who was smoking and drinking his own coffee but saw me park and ran inside.I got a latte with extra foam. There was no offer of for here ware (boo) and there was no latte art (double boo) and the foam was super bubbly (triple boo).My plan was to get 15 pastries to take to work. THe barista shook his head against it. They don't make themm there and they are all saran wrapped from the day before when they come in. (quadruple boo?)Greasy (who also had a ccent) took my payment (cash), gave me my change and then continued making my drink. No attempted hand washing or anything. Not even purell.I walked out to the lake to a bunch of dirty tables and left. Greasy came outside to grab his coffee and lighter because some other customers were coming. Ew to you Coffee Rush!
3	I don't really understand what's with the hype.  The coffee tastes pretty similar to a Starbucks coffee. Nothing extraordinary. Then, they have a three hour limit on wifi, after which the wifi code expires !! Plus, not only that, they give you only one wifi passcode for one coffee. Really!!?? How cheap can you get.  Ridiculous. The other day I had my laptop and my ipad and I had to get two coffees just to connect both my devices.  I'd rather go to a Starbucks and not face this bull****. And then, they have baklavas which taste pretty mediocre. All in all, really disappointed.
4	Great place to get a cup of joe and enjoy the scenery. Love this Place! Just not the smokers. Great customer service and wifi availability. Coffee is average but I love supporting local businesses. I will be back
4	This place was great! I was craving a mid-day caffeine boost during work and decided to Yelp a local fave. I found this place and ran over. The place is cute, and although its in a strip mall, still harnesses that local coffee shop feel. I got the frozen caramel coffee rush...YUM. I could tell by the first sip that it probably wasn't the least fattening of choices, but it was damn good. The baristas were nice and were very helpful. Overall, if you're in the area and need a pick-me-up, this is the place for you.
4	Fantastic service. Very friendly staff! I love sitting outside next to the lake, very relaxing and great place to meet friends. The only downfall is that the patio is not non-smoking so the air is pretty polluted. Not ideal for those sensitive to the smell or with asthma. The music is also a bit loud for my taste but it's not too bothersome
5	Best coffee shop in the valley! Their drinks are well-made and are way more delicious (and a at better price) than "the chain that must not be named." The staff is awesome. Also the patio is perfect with a nice view of the lake. I have been a loyal customer for years and will be until I die... or move out of Arizona... whichever comes first.
3	It's funny cause my coworker introduced me to the coffee shop, and immediately knew this was a great spot to relax and finish any projects or to just study. The staff makes it a point to learn their regulars by name, giving it a friendly / homely atmosphere to relax. Great spot to connect to wifi and local community. I intend to make Coffee Rush a regular visit from time to time.
5	I found this place when I first moved to Arizona two years ago because of its high Yelp reviews. It's been my regular spot ever since. The service has always been great, their drinks are amazing. It's got a nice atmosphere and beautiful view outside. Reasonable prices. Pet friendly. Can't complain. My only wish is that they served more food then muffins, protein bars and baklava. But I understand the reserve for a simple coffee shop. I love it here! I bring all my friends who visit and they always ask to go when they come back!
5	A coworker told me about this place a few months ago and have been hooked ever since, going once or twice a week. They have a large variety of different menu options. I've only ever gotten their Frosts (multiple varieties, but tiramisu is my favorite) and an Italian soda once or twice (Peach and their "Deadly" flavor). I'm not a huge coffee fan, so the frosts are great for me since it's more flavor and sugar than actual coffee taste. My ONLY complaint is sometimes the barristas don't ask if you want whipped cream on top of the drink and just give you the drink without. Which, let's be honest, when it's that much sugar already, whipped cream isn't 100% necessary. Still would be nice to be asked, though. I'm not one of those people that feels compelled to sit around in a coffee shop for hours a day, so I can't personally speak on the Wi-fi or ambiance of the place. It always looks nice and clean when I'm there!
4	amazing coffee. Carmel macchiato frost is so good and tastes light, doesn't leave you with that Starbucks stomach ache. I love the coffee but am not a fan of anything else. I get it's a family owned business, but the decor is wayyyyy too much. less is more. the patio is smoking, which is the worst. it's so nice out there, but I've only ever lasted five minutes before I pack up and leave. coffee is a 5, atmosphere and patio a 2.
3	Edit 4/27/14 - I haven't gone back here b/c the outdoor area is filled with smokers and if you have asthma you will suffer. The area that is dedicated to non smoking is worse b/c the smokers stand right there next to you smoking..especially the people that work for Coffee Rush. Too bad, i liked the view, but the smoke is disgusting. Talk about future lung cancer victims.Also, the bitchy girl that works here came over to me one day and told me that i needed to use my headphones with my computer. I was sitting away from everyone else in the table that is not even on the balcony and people are loud talking with their friends and smoking. Yet i couldn't listen to a video on my computer away from everyone else while they smoked up the outdoor area causing cancer. She was a bitch. I used to have a five star on this place, but i took away one star for this bitch and another for the terrible smoke problem outdoors. I used to love this place, and the chai coffee is amazing, better then starbucks. The smoking issue destroys this coffee shop. If you want your lungs filled with nicotine then go here and try to enjoy the beautiful view outside as you breath in all the cancerous fumes. You can't get away from it at their outdoor coffee area..it seems like kids that are either college age or just graduated with their funky getups. And their need to destroy their lives with cancer sticks. Too bad, the chai latte was really really good. But it's not worth breathing in the cancer fumes outside to enjoy the place.
4	Really like this place, have been going here for quite awhile now. Great coffee and tea and the employees really get to know the people who come there. I have always liked it here and will always go here before other coffee shops ( unless its really out of the way ) Really like it alot though!!
3	Sometimes the employees have a bad attitude. The quality of the drink you receive is not always consistent. If you order a frost, make sure you ask for it loaded which means they will add espresso shots. Otherwise, it tastes like milk and sugar. The dirty bathroom needs a renovation. If you plan to sit outside for a beautiful scenic view, you can expect to inhale cigarette smoke the entire time. You have to spend $4 or more to use a credit/debit card which is not always convenient.Overall, this place is a nice change from Starbucks. They have stamp cards available and on Mondays, you get two stamps for each drink purchased.
5	This place is the shizzzzz..... Like literally.. They blow starbucks out of the water..Sorry Starbucks but that's how I feel. I never get anything fancy if I do ever go out to get coffee because I usually just make my own. When I do go out though I just get an iced coffee or a caramel machiatto. & at this location it's perfect. The best part about this place? The view. It's right on a lake so it's very peaceful and relaxing. I love coming here with my friends for some coffee and to hang out or even going by myself for some alone time. Plus the customer service is great. You usually need a minimum purchase of $4 I think to use your credit card. But the guy let's me get away with it on most days. lol. This place would definitely be trouble for me if I lived across the street from it. =)
5	Hot and I do mean hot coffee that is fresh and so good. Devon( I hope I spelt his name correctly) handled our line of 12 customers in less than 9 minutes with a great smile, blazing ethic,attitude and memory( he remembered names). Did not get a chance to hang out at the patio which looked really nice and relaxing. Ample room inside as well. They do have free wi fi. My must stop place every time I am in or passing by Chandler.
3	Groovy little coffee house where you can work remotely, have a great cup of coffee and sit outside by a lovely little man-made lake.  The staff has always been friendly when I've been here and the coffee and service is good.  Only downside, the free Wi-Fi is sloooow! UGH!
3	I wish I could give this place better rating because it was cute and local, but my drink was not very good (-1 start) and the broista acted like he might have had a few more shots than he should have that morning (-1). He was really, really hyper and I had to give him the raw sugar from the bar to make my drink. A friend got a caramel macchiato freeze (I think) and it was tasty- though more like a caramel milkshake than coffee, the thing was WHITE. We were in and out in less than 5 minutes with only one person working. Impressive but not in the best way. I was going to use my card but it had to be a charge of 3.99 to use it so I payed cash. I left with a weird feeling like "what just happened". It was a whirlwind experience. The seats and tables we all full so they must be doing something right!
3	Staff was friendly, however they didn't know how to make a flat white. I ended up ordering a latte instead and it was just mediocre. Inside was rather dim, forcing us to sit outside in the heat. Probably won't return soon.
4	Though I've been in Arizona for nearly 5 years now - never actually went into coffee rush until today - always assumed it was a chain like petes coffee or caribou coffee etc. It's a nice little local coffee spot with a number of customers being young and spirited. Though the frost (or frappucino) as it's called is tasty with unique flavors such as "tiramisu mocha" - the coffee itself wasn't all that interesting. A bit too watery for me but never the less a good experience.It's definitely one of the nicer coffee places to take an Arizona visitor as opposed to the usual large chain.
5	The owners of these 3 locations really get it. I mean really get it : I have had the pleasure of being served their hot and delicious coffee by Stefano, Zach, Kelsea, Adam, Lauren, Booz, Coco and the awesome Devon at their Ray and Elliott locations daily for the last 3 weeks. This is a happy and fun bunch that is enjoying this and doing a fantastic job. Very proactive, counters are always stocked and clean. I believe I might be re gifting my gift card from the other NW coffee co.
5	Great little coffee shop. It sits by a small lake that makes it a pleasurable relaxing experience. Providing it's not too busy, because they have good coffee too.
5	This place is awesome. Great scenery to sit and hang out with close friends and family. Their drinks are to die for, and plus they are so much cheaper than Starbucks! Talk about a win-win. I always order the chai tea here and it's great. Perfect hint of sweetness. They even taste better than Starbucks as well. I wish this place was a lil closer to my house because I would be going there every single day. The workers are also nice, they aren't robots that are forced to talk to us about coffee. These people honestly care about how your day is going so far and they always start the discussion as well. They also give out great drinks if you haven't decided yet.
4	I love going to Coffee Rush, especially for the flavored iced tea. They have many different syrups to offer & you can mix a couple (as desired) to sweeten the tea. My favorite is the raspberry mango. Additionally, the frosts are really tasty, and it makes it that much better that all the drinks are well priced.I also like that the store is right by the lake ... Makes for the perfect place to grab a coffee with a friend or go out on a date.
4	First visit today--and I loved it! Great Americano, and barista was super friendly and fast. Will be back.
5	This place place blows Starbucks out the water. Atmosphere, staff and coffee are the best. They ever serve cheesecake and baklava. If you really want to relax they have an outside patio next to a lake. It gets pretty crowded so get their early....and yes free wifi. RUSH TO COFFEE RUSH!
5	Hands down my favorite coffee shop, ever. I've been a regular at all three locations over the years and I still can't get enough of the atmosphere and their drinks. This particular location has a great patio on the water. There is smoking, but quite frankly (and I've never been a smoker so this isn't biased) it adds to the coffee shop environment if you ask me...Think Europe. They have a punch card system with double punch Mondays and free wifi with a purchase. Ask for the access at the register when you get your drink and it gets you 3 hours. Great caffeine free options if you don't do the extra rush.It's family owned and the brothers all work in the stores...support local business and great espresso my friends!
4	Drink the iced chai tea. It's superb.Look out over the water from the patio.Get hooked up to the wifi. Free, with a purchase.Better than Starbucks. Support a local place. Relax. Let the baristas rush.We had cabin fever and needed a place with some energy. Coffee Rush was just the ticket. The drinks are good and there's lots of options. The staff is friendly and quick. People come and go, but many stay to hang out on the patio. Some are smokers. We came to use the wifi and hunker down on some projects. They'd prefer that you use cash for orders under $3.99. Wifi is doled out in 3 hour increments, by way of a unique login (one per person). The internet was like molasses at first but picked up speed once we got connected. It's a nice little establishment and I hope to revisit soon.
5	I was introduced to this place by a close friend of mine years ago. Ever since, I have always found Coffee Rush to be a place that I can go to without all of that "too-fast-paced-hurry-up-and-order-your-drink" pressure. Anytime I have a friend visiting from out of town, I take them here! They have an amazing outdoor patio, and a relatable ambiance. I may have about three stamp cards floating around in my wallet at any given time, and they are always willing to combine them for me too. The baristas are always friendly and truly interested in their customers that walk through their doors. Can't get much better than that!
5	Love this place. I love the drinks, atmosphere, and the service.  Barristas are always upbeat and friendly.  Great offers on bulk coffee. They have Italian sodas too! Kids love them.
5	Dope little spot with a slight 80s vibe.Coffee drinks. Baked goods. Italian soda. It's all good.They also have free WiFi and killer outdoor seating right off the river. Very romantic, or chill, depending on who you are with... Oh and staff consists of very cool, wise-guys, I love it.Suggestion: They should sell sandwiches or little salads, but if you are hungry, there are other restaurants along the riverwalk.Check this place out!
4	Great service and employees who remember you when you come in months later!  Good coffee but I usually get the hot green tea and sweeten it with honey.Been there enough to use their Buy 10 Get 1 cards.They do make some great smoothies and cold drinks.  Never eaten the food so I can't speak to that.Really, the only thing I didn't like was, on a windy day, the cigarette smoke blows right into my nostrils and lungs.  Sometimes I don't like the smell.'Course, this is coming from a guy who smoked for several years, and have now not smoked for over 4, so I get to be a bitchy rock star about it.  "Uh, give it to me MY way, don't *#$in' smoke around me!"(Yeah, Four Stars because of the wind on the smokers on the non-smokers on the patio.);-)Love the view, the environment, the spacious, welcoming, energetic patio.  So nice sitting next to water and other people, enjoying our nice Arizona days and people.Thanks for the Rush!!
5	In town from Houston and my husband and I decided to try Coffee rush. The baristas were super nice. My husband is a diabetic and not everyone offers sugar free syrups. Coffee Rush had at least 10 or more sugar free syrup options. We came in on Friday and we came right back Saturday morning. We will be back!
5	Good coffee. I loved the Chill atmosphere. I also like the late hours. Was introduced by a friend that I had to meet with later at night. Will be stopping by again soon!
4	Quaint little coffeehouse with a picturesque view of the lake in the Sprouts shopping plaza. There is plenty of outdoor and indoor seating here. They offer a plethora of drink options, and have quite a few sugar free flavors too for those that like flavored coffee. For milk alternatives, they offer soy milk. I had an iced strawberry mocha latte. The coffee itself was smooth, but for me the fruity, tangy flavor of the strawberry was a little weird contrasting with the slightly earthy tones of the chocolate and coffee. Service was good and our drinks were made in no time. Overall a good place for coffee.
4	Coffee rush is probably the only coffee place I go to. Service is always good. Always have good vibes. Favorite drink is summer time. The bald owned doesn't know how to make it though. Was rude when I asked for one.
5	Fantastic coffee place. Love the double punch Mondays. The staff is awesome with a fantastic sense of humor.
4	Best coffee shop in town, hands down! The baristas are the best and have our drinks ready before we even reach the counter.  Best customer service and the prices are unbeatable!
4	I absolutely love Coffee Rush! I've been frequenting the Ray/Dobson location since I was in college and it has always provided top-notch coffee, service, and atmosphere.  Plus, we get their Organic Fair Trade Ethiopian coffee beans ground for our French Press and enjoy it every morning. When you buy a pound of coffee, you get a free drink!  I'll be a regular for life!
