5	They've been updating this mall for a LONG, LONG time. There are more department stores, valets, and boutiques than your average bear... Surely, if this wasn't only a few blocks from Caesar's Forum Shops then this would be a lot more popular to tourists. Personally, I like this place a lot and will come here whenever I visit Vegas.
4	This place is huge!  I can see the whole lay-out from the top of the Wynn.  The seven flagship stores are Saks Fifth Avenue, Dillard's, Neiman Marcus, Robinsons-May, Nevada's only Nordstrom, and Bloomingdale's Home, plus over 250 other shops and restaurants.  If you're a shopping kind of gal and your feet aren't crying over all the shopping you've already done at the ultra-resorts, you'll probably love this mall.
4	This is a huge mall, with every department store (Nordies, Macy's, Neiman Marcus, Robinsons-May, Saks, Dillard's, and Bloomie's Home) and more shopping destinations than I realized at first glance.  As a visitor, I can't imagine spending your Vegas time here unless (1) you love shopping, (2) you're looking for a relatively smoke-free place to walk around on a hot day, (3) you're from somewhere that doesn't have expansive, upscale malls.Restaurants include:* Cafe Ba Ba Reeba* California Pizza Kitchen (http://www.yelp.com/biz/3fPIRTnBhd81MixgS9YoMQ?hrid=vi-1eQb3jPXEGXsMsoZXjQ)* The Capital Grille* Cento & Fanti's Gourmet Market* Maggiano's Little Italy (http://www.yelp.com/biz/LFs5jyYdXlzi0SpAYi1eSA?hrid=pDlnsygAwpG7swZgcn4y3w)* RA Sushi* and the food court (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mgc8BmE6Tdt4MVOy6siZoA?hrid=19vQAtLOtud6YrgTK9SIRA)
3	It reminds me of any mall. Nothing special. I guess the locals have to shop somewhere?
5	i loved this place. more natural lighting, more space, more stores, etc. however, it just reminds you of a regular mall... it's not as fabulous as the Forum Shops- but this is more of a local mall for the natives of Vegas. it's pretty enjoyable, though. Nordy's, Bloomie's, Dillards, Neiman, AND Saks all in one? c'mon... it's a fashion princess's dream come true.
4	The real meaning of "Shop 'Till You Drop" is here. It has become a behemoth. Parking was a real pain under the mall and it was hot, stuffy, and smelled like exhaust. It has every store you can imagine (besides A/X didn't find that there and H&M). From typical mid-range chain retail stores to high end retailers. Smoking wasn't allowed so that was a good thing. Didn't stop by the food court since I was way too tired. Bring some comfy shoes.
5	There was a time when this mall sucked, in a big way.  But ever since the transformation about 3 years ago, this place totally rocks balls.Lot's of kewl, trendy stores.  Good location on the strip.  Tasty restaurants.  Annddddd, valet parking!
4	dude, all the greaaaaaaaaaat stores and great finds in all the stores. this is something i wont miss when im in vegas. my other shopping must is caesars forum so this is a close second.  i love this mall.
4	It's a great place to shop if you have a lot of money to drop.Their stores are always stocked with the hippest and most current fashion pieces!I bought my prom dress at the BCBG here and I loved it!It was a bit pricey but it was well worth the money.I also love their Betsey Johnson store here.Their staff is always very helpful and the dresses are amazing!
3	saks and talulah g ooh and zara niiicebut you cant walk around with your booze i really enjoy browsing around the mall with my free casino booze.
4	Really nice mall- located conveniently, has almost all the major department stores and smaller stores (ie. Saks, Nordstrom, Gap, Banana, Zara, Victoria's Secret... ) It's really big, contrary to how it looks from outside, and the food court is on the third floor. Of course, it isn't really too special compared to.. the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, but it's still nice for some down-to-earth shopping.
4	This place is freakin huge. They have alot of great stores, but for some odd reason, I didn't really have an urge to peruse into them. Maybe it's because alot of the stores are similar to the stores at the forum shops, the grande canal, the desert passage and every other resort/casino that has their own shopping area. I never thought I'd get tired of shopping, but boy, did my eyes hurt. Next time I come to Vegas, I should go straight to fashion show fully energized.
4	Ahhh... its THE place to shop when you don't have the budget for Caesars forum or Venetian shops. It is your classic mall combined with everything you'd ever want. It reminds me of a Stanford shopping center plus Union Square. Instead of being held down by one or two anchor stores like bloomingdales or macys, it has pretty much all the big name anchors along with all the usual stores you'd find in your neighborhood mall. think all the malls within an hour of driving time combined in one!
4	Hmm... what word would be perfect to describe the Fashion Show Mall.  big... no.  Giant... huge...large... enormous...um, nope.  Those words won't do it.  How about super-large-ginourmous-humongusly-big.  Oh yes, that's perfect.  You would need a backpack filled with hiking supplies just to survive the trek across the mall.  I bet everyone gets lost here one point in their life.  Well, the place is the biggest mall I have ever seen.  They have tons of stores, like Pac Sun, Louis Vutton, Bloomingdales.  Geez, you name it, they probably have it.  The only thing I didn't like is how most the stores were very average.  I mean, they were small and didn't look special at all.  Kind of disappionting walking into a store and finding it smaller than the ghetto ones back in Cali.The food court was interesting.  I had the hardest time figuring out what to eat.  One place served sweet and sour chicken and mashed potatoes.  Interesting.  And the decor is interesting as well.  Giant forks, knives, and spoons hung from the ceililng.  I bet a Filipino designed it.  The fashion show... very funny.  The models got the walk down, but they lacked the looks.  I mean, one girl was wearing so much make up, I thought they ran out of models and grabbed the chick from a clown store.  The models were probably rejects who didn't make it into bigger and better shows.  I mean, some of them were ok, but the others weren't that good looking.
4	Why does a mall ever need to be this big?It's a great mall. The food court big utensil are a nice touch and pretty to look at and admire. We only went to Macy and ate at something inside the food court. I still don't understand why they had two  Macy. We came out of Macy which by the way had great clearance sale going on and looked across and noticed another Macy. I don't think that they had different items but maybe I won't find out until my next visit to Vegas.
4	I love the Fashion Show Mall. Many of the major department stores have a location in the mall: Dillards, Nordstroms, Macy's, Bloomingdales Home.  I also love the variety of smaller stores Espirit,  Jack and Jill, just to name a couple. This estabilishment has several really nice restaurants. My favorite is Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, which is a spanish tapas restaurant. They have very good sangria. And a great menu. I also enjoy going to Maggiano's Little Italy is good for those interested in Italian food.
5	Ok, so your in Vegas and you have drank, ate, gambled and now its on for Shopping!!!  You walk into the largest mall I have ever been too with only the highest quality of stores.  It can be a bit overwhelming and exhausting, especially if your walking from one part of the strip to the other just to get there.  Def a place to check out, but please you must be in a shopping mood.
4	I used to work at one end of this mall, managing one of those little holiday kiosks. It just pained me to inform weary tourists that they had another 3 miles to walk in the opposite direction to get to the food court. And I would never conceive of trying to make it all the way down there, eat, and make it back on a lunch break. Especially during the Christmas season. That's why I'm a huge fan of the Nordstrom's cafe. They have awesome, awesome, awesome turkey croissants and chicken salad sandwiches. Yum.Other than the sheer size, this is just a mall with some pretty cool shops, but all the other department store staples. I get the feeling that they tack an extra 30% on all the price tags since it's a huge tourist spot. Me, if I need to go to the mall, you'll find me at the ghetto-fab locals' mall on Maryland Pkwy.But ... I'm giving it four stars because it is beautiful. And there are a lot of cool shops. And if everything weren't so darn expensive, I'd probably go bananas here.
4	Fashion Show is a great reprieve in the middle of endless Versace, Dolce & Gabbana, and Louis Vuitton.  All things I love, but one must realize that I have Lord and Taylor taste on a Kmart budget.   It was cool that there were all sorts of stores there, but honestly, there wasn't much more variety than the Somerset Collection in Troy.
4	This and the Boulevard are both the best malls in town!  The Fashion Show has the best variety of stores, that you can't find elsewhere in the Valley.  The Food Court is the greatest!  The only drawback is the parking and the crowds.  It has a nice Apple store, Borders Express, and the best Macy's in town!  The reason it has 2 is because 1 used to be a Robinsons-May (part of the May Company which was bought by Federated).  The South Macy's has no furniture department, but it has a Mens store and ThIsIt, which is great for people my age.  The North Macy's is just a regular Macy's.  The south Macy's has better sales and is more upbeat.  There must be a reason for both of them.  Personally, I think that one should be closed and turned into a JCPenney or Mervyns and that the former Dillards building should be turned into the other one.  I also enjoy the bar at Nordstroms which is a lot like a Starbucks.  I have been meaning to try the Tropicana Smoothie place and the Nokia Experience is awesome!  Before the massive expansion and remodel the place was a dump, now it is one of the top 10 largest malls in the country!  The frontage along the Strip is very nice with the large TV screens.  The whole atmosphere is great at this mall.
3	I was not impressed. Yes, it is big. However they have all the same stores that my local malls do in South Florida. Some small private boutiques and some of the known stores were just slightly different. Was happy they did have a mall though. Great to grab anything you may have forgotten to pack.
4	I came out of this mall with tired feet, so many stores...I have to admit though, I did get bored.  However, I couldn't resist getting my ring cleaned by the Razzledazzle booth guy selling jewelry cleaning solution.  It really did work, my wedding ring was crusty from me washing dishes and cooking with it on, but after he cleaned it, the diamonds blinded my eyes.  SO SHINY!
3	Truly a shoppers paradise if you have never been to New York, San Francisco, or even Costa Mesa (South Coast Plaza) to shop. I can admit to being a little snobby when it comes to malls as I used to live at South Coast Plaza when I was in college. They are missing H&M and no mall is complete without one.
5	Place: Love this mall! They have a great variety of stores here: Betsey Johnson, Nordstrom, Macys, A & F, Paul Frank, Dillards, Forever 21, ABC store...they also have an Oxygen bar, Ethel's Chocolates and of course Maggianos (which I love) and Raa as some of heir restaurants. They also have fashion shows on weekends  I believe? Cool!Price: Not one of those super high end malls, affordable for everyeone!Atmosphere: Mostly tourists probably, can get packed here though on weekends.Location: Across from Wynn and next to Treasure Island.Service: Not bad at all
4	This place is insane. You can seriously spend hours here, hiding out from the heat and insanity of the LV strip. Location is pretty weird though.... A little to close to the other side of the tracks for me. There are 4 levels, and each one offsets the other. There are about a billion stores here where I can't afford anything.
3	I didn't get a chance to walk through the entire mall due to a migraine, but I did check out the Paul Frank store and Zara.  As for what I did see, I was kind of disappointed with the array of stores inside...either the store was located in Texas and I could gladly just shop there at home if I wanted, or the store was way too pricey and there wasn't any point of me going inside just to drool at things I couldn't buy.  The Paul Frank store was much smaller than I expected, and their selection was terrible.The mall is in a weird location and took forever to walk to, even from my hotel, Harrah's, which isn't that incredibly far away from this location.I did, however, enjoy sitting on a bench in the air conditioning and drinking a diet Pepsi.
4	Holy cow this mall is huge.  There really isn't anything that spectacular about it, other than it's a huge mega upscale mall.  (But you can find these types of malls in every city in America.)  It's a bit sterile feeling and the stores are your standard mall stores.  They aren't as high end as at the Forum Shops and really its just like shopping in your mall at home.
4	Here's what you need to know that isn't about shopping: 1.  There is free wireless to be found in Vegas.  We learned the hard way (by checking everywhere we went).  There is a Starbucks with a T Mobile Hot Spot in Fashion Mall.  If you use T Mobile, you're welcome.  If you don't, go to the Coffee Bean in Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile.  2.  Right across the corridor from Starbucks is a half price ticket outlet that gives half price coupons for dinners and shows.  We tried them for both and saved bank- pretty nice for just finding the place serendipitously.
4	This is probably the biggest mall I've ever shopped in.Located on the Las Vegas Strip, the Fashion Show Mall is certainly a tourist trap, but also a viable place for locals to shop.  It's really not that difficult to access, given its busy location.  Just take the 15 to Spring Mountain and you're good.  The Fashion Show is a fully enclosed mall with multiple levels.  You'll find everything from mall staples (Gap, Apple, Abercrombie, J Crew, et al)... to higher end stuff (D&G,  BeBe, BCBG, etc) and there's a good selection of boutique shops as well.   And of course, anchor stores like Saks and Nordstrom.This place is named Fashion Show because there's a catwalk in the middle, near the Apple Store.  I've never seen an actual show, but they do occur.  Since it's such a large mall, it can take a while to get around, but at least there's escalators all over.  There's also a food court with an ok selection.  I have a thing for the New York Pretzel/Nathan's Hot Dogs, even though they're flippin' expensive.
5	The best mall E V E R. It's not like we don't have these stores in SF or NY but for some reason, I just love shopping here. (Well, it's aways fun to shop when you're on vacation!) And it seems there is always a good deal somewhere! This place is the reason why I always end up having to expand my luggage or check in an extra bag. This past trip, I even had to pay $25 over the weight limit fee! Boo.
4	The Fashion Show Mall is ok but most of the stores here you could find back home your metro area.  The only thing that drew me inside was the fantastic lighting installation facing the Strip.  OH yeah, this mall did have a great food court but you have to trek 3 floors up but it's a great place to chill if it's over 100 degrees outside in the summer.
4	The first thing that popped into my head when I walked into this mall, was, "This place feels sterile."Maybe its because of the mounds of marble or marble looking stuff they used for the floors and walls, that felt like I was in a humungous bathroom??? But, the selection to shop is wonderful. High end and low end. If you want a new Louis Vuitton purse, you got it. If you need a cheap top to throw on for the club that night, they have that too. And kudos for having an ABC store, a la Hawaii, but what's up with not having any Japanese soft drinks?? Boooo! The food court was OK. I would rather ate at the Grand Lux Cafe in the Palazzo.
4	I like having the high end and low end stores together at a mall!  This mall has a connecting bridge to Treasure Island so that was perfect for me to stop by to grab some things.I do admit that I was getting really sick of seeing and hearing the Mary J. Blige ipod bit on their huge screens.  Tired of her music.  If you need buy some water and snacks, head to the ABC store.  Very convenient.The Forever 21 here is tiny, but it serves its purpose.
4	You know you've wound up somewhere unusual from the moment you lay eyes on this mall.  It looks like a space ship landed on the roof of the place!  Located across the street from the Wynn, the Fashion Show Mall boasts over 250 shops and restaurants. I picked up some new Sketchers which were much more comfortable for walking up and down the strip.  I also got a massage in the middle of the mall. There's even an ABC Store here --- something I've thought a mirage when they first started  popping up in Las Vegas (I'm just used to seeing them in Hawaii, see my review on the chain).  The Fashion Show is not a bad place to pass a few air conditioned hours on a hot Vegas day!Check 'em out at: http://govegas.about.com/gi/dynamic/offsite.htm?zi=1/XJ&sdn=govegas&cdn=travel&tm=46&gps=248_409_980_540&f=20&su=p284.9.336.ip_p531.49.336.ip_&tt=2&bt=1&bts=1&zu=http%3A//www.thefashionshow.com/
4	I like this mall because they have Cafe Ba Ba Reebas and Zara... not bad.
4	walking distance (bridge) from the Wynn very nice stores
1	All the shops from home.  Good place to go when you feel like walking off the buffet away from the heat and sans the cloud of cigarette smoke.I do however detest that this mall has only 1 bathroom (all the way at the end of the mall) and once you reach the end of the mall, the only way back to Las Vegas Blvd is to go all the way back to the beginning of the mall so you can exit and repeat that same walk to get back to the Strip.  Lame!And not fun when you're tired and cranky and sans booze.
4	Don't fault this mall for "having the same shops as home". We're not all here on vacation, and it's nice to have a mall with everything to shop at! Minus a star for the Neimans here being inferior to the one in Dallas, otherwise this place is great.
4	It's a nice mall.  All I have to add is:- Light and airy, with a very clean modern design.  - The Apple Store is fun, who doesn't love gawking at the fancy new Mac toys.  - I've found that the lingerie at Fredericks of Hollywood is just as sexy and cool as Victoria's Secret but usually half the price.  - The Gamestop has a Guitar Hero setup so after you pinch that little kid's ear and tell him to scram you can rock out to the Smashing Pumpkins.  - The new Stripburger up front has a great Bleu Cheeseburger with a "Mon Ami Gabi" view of the Strip and all the action, especially after 7 when the sun's not in your eyes and the vampires start to come out.
3	Totally like your hometown mall, if...ya know...your hometown mall literally has a catwalk down the middle of it.This was still undr construction last time I was in Vegas, and by the schematics and photos they were showing of what they thought it would look like, this mall should've been the most innovative thing since they put the pocket in pita.But again, its just a mall, with mall shops and mall food and a floor system with escalators that borders on the absurd sometimes.  Honestly.  I understand they were going for an architectural aesthetic, but it just looks absurd.I would have given it two stars, but the one thing they had was an ABC STORE!!! ON THE MAINLAND!!! I have only seen these in Hawaii, and when I asked the clerk about it she said they are also in Vegas and Guam.  It was a great opportunity to stock up on 99cent water bottles to bring to the hotel room, and candy bars at their actual retail price for those blood sugar dropping moments.I guess the $6 lunch i ate in the food court was nice too, since it wasn't like dropping $20 on a buffet lunch and yet i was still full.
4	I really liked this mall.  It wasn't ghetto, like the ones I'm used to back in Cali.  At least it didn't look like it was when I went there.  The ceilings are high in the mall so it feels like you're short.  I thought that was weird.  Also, it was walking distance from the hotel I was staying at (Venetian) so I can't complain!
4	One of the larger and nicer malls on the West Coast, the upscale Fashion Show has everything except a real book store (Borders Express doesn't count). It's very modern-looking and clean. My favorites are the Apple Store, Tommy Bahama, the very large Macy's, and Z Gallerie. It's extremely convenient for anyone staying at Wynn or Treasure Island.There are a couple of negatives: the cart vendors are annoyingly aggressive, and due to the length of the property it seems many foot visitors from the Strip never make it as far back as Dillard's. And it the odd placement of the escalators can make it difficult to get up or down a level quickly .
2	This mall was really only OK. I live in Orange County, so I have the mecca of high-end malls in my neighborhood-- South Coast Plaza. So really, nothing about this place impressed me. You should really only come here if you're looking to stop at the department stores. Otherwise, the other stores are the same as you'll see at your local mall at home. Steve Madden, GameStop, etc. There's random art stores, prom dress shops... other than the Macy's, this place is a complete failure. I mean, Dillard's? It looks like a stinkin' Mervyn's when it's pitted against Neiman Marcus. This mall seems confused. There's just too many malls on the Strip and I think there's just not enough places that are willing to lease 5+ stores all within mere miles of each other.Miracle Mile blows this place out of the water.
5	I don't go to any malls or even go shoppnig much so I thought Fashion Show Mall was great! Great selection of stores, high end and regular stores. The mall is huge! And I felt even shorter than I really am because the ceilings were so tall. They had a Crocs cart in the mall which made me happy since I was on the hunt for them. They were all out of the basic black Baja's, but I got them in a cool charcoal and lavendar color. And I got a pair of cute black Malindi's.Also, thanks to Fashion Show Mall, I was introduced and now in love with Teavana! (review to soon follow)Extra plus that it was in walking distance to our hotel, Treasure Island. Very convenient to be so close.We didn't feel like gambling so we headed to the mall. Either way, Vegas got our money. LOL! :)
3	Convenient, 3-story shopping mall on the strip.  This place has lots of typical name brand stores and department stores, including Macy's, Nordstroms, Neiman Marcus, and Saks 5th Avenue.  It's nothing that you cannot find in your typical mall.  This place can get pretty crowded in Vegas on the weekends.  Why lug home a bunch of stuff you can buy pretty much anywhere, unless you live in the boonies of middle America?And I agree with other yelpers, the layout of this mall can be confusing.  There's so many other great outlets and shopping plazas in Vegas, I wouldn't waste my time at this one.
4	Big mall, with all the good shops just like down in H-town. Hollister and abercrombie. They even have the ABC store. You can buy like chips, drinks, and shirts and hats here. The mall is nice, and the convenience  that it was within walking distance of my hotel.
5	This mall is big and has every store you need.All major department stores, some really high end designer stores, expensive urban clothing stores, and all other little stores here and there.The fashion show we saw was a little disappointing though..Commercial clothing, mostly old-lady like, and awkwardly walking models.Don't forget to stop by Madewell!!
3	3.5- good place to window shop, prices might make you stay backSat. during the day, my crew and I headed out to the strip, and needed to kill some time before dinner.  My friend suggested checking out the fashion mall.  Well, we don't have anything else to do, why not.Fashion mall is across from the Wynn (or is it the Venetian?) and is located on the strip.  It's pretty much like any mall you may go to across the US, though every hour on the hour on the weekends, in the middle of the mall they have a fashion show.  I think different stores go at different times, but a stage/runway actually lifts up from the ground, and models show off some of the clothing from in mall stores.  It's pretty nifty, but nothing like a real fashion show (not that I've ever been to one).Again, another alternative to gambling during the day, this place is a great place to walk around and burn off some of that buffet weight you are currently holding.
4	I came down for the day after christmas sales, and totally scored the best stuff at the Gap when I was here.  (like need to buy and check a whole 'nother suitcase - score)Decent mall.  Unless I go down to the city, I have a hard time finding all those brands in one location, between the 3 malls in Vegas, I never have a problem.and I li ke the cutesy little fashion shows they have in the middle too.
5	Awesome mall.  It's a big mall on the strip and offers a good variety of shops.   The part that makes the mall unique are the fashion shows that are held at every hour.  The runway just rises from the floor, pretty cool.  I will definitely come back to this mall next time we visit Vegas.
4	Cool mall with a unique design and a great balance of high end and medium tier stores.  Diesel, Teavana, B&O, Saks, Neiman, Nordstrom, Macy's, etc.  Even at the expensive stores throwing away your money feels better than losing it on the tables......though not quite as good as blowing it on a big meal somewhere stellar.The fashion show every hour is kind of humorous, as well, and the airconditioning is freezing.  A nice 'break' in the non-stop flashing lights and gourmet (or gorging buffet fest, if thats your thing) dining of Vegas.
4	The Fashion Show Mall is a destination during every trip I take to Vegas... It has every store imaginable including some I cannot find in AZ including Mango, Zara, and even an 'Art of Shaving' store... Lulu Lemon, Lady Footlocker, Betsey Johnson, Michael Kors, Louis Vitton, and more.  I could go on and on!During my recent trip to Vegas, my sister and I shopped at the Venetian and Palazzo, and then made our way over to Fashion Show Mall.  I was exhausted within an hour and ready to call it a day.  Then, out of nowhere, we saw Michael Jackson and his body guard.  We both did a double take and watched them walk into the Louis Vitton store.  How cool!  We contemplated waiting and attempting to take a picture with the 'Thriller' himself, but we decided to 'Beat It' instead, and made our way back to the Venetian pool to chill out.  So, yes, it's possible to go to Fashion Show Mall without spending any $$ - we did it.  I am still amazed at that more than the fact we saw Michael Jackson!  Great mall - if you're in Vegas and interested in shopping, go to Fashion Show Mall!
3	this mall is pretty big!! they have nordstrom, macy's, and i think robinsons, it was kinda confusing the first time i went to this mall, but i do like the selection on the brand name of clothes, my kinda style.
5	How can you NOT love Fashion Show Mall?First of all, with a name like Fashion Show - you know it has to be good... and do they ever do their name justice; as they put on many fashion shows year round showcasing the newest fashions from various designers!!Secondly, with stores like Ruehl, Abercrombie, Forever 21, Nordstrom, Coach, Saks, Macys, and the list goes on... how can an avid shopper or even a novice one NOT be in heaven?! It's simply impossible.Before you blow all your money at the casinos, take a stroll through Fashion Show Mall, and I promise that you will not be disappointed!
4	Holy crap this is a gigantor mall. and what's with the UFO looking thing out front?It would have taken days to go through this whole place but what I saw of it I liked, lots of your standard mall stuff along with a number of stores I had never heard of before that were pretty nifty. Really nice helpful sales people in all the stores too.I ended up leaving with a couple sparkly sequined shirts and some Hello Kitty stuff, yes I am totally mature.
4	this mall is pretty awesome. i love the mix of high end stores and pedestrian chic ones so that there is a little something for everybody. it's an indoor mall too so you get to avoid some las vegas heat with some free air-con. a better alternative i think than sitting in a casino, penniless.the best thing about this mall is the hourly fashion show that showcases clothing from different stores housed there. i'm no expert, but i did watch tyra bank's "top model" religiously so i have some credibility when i say, SOME OF THESE GIRLS IN THE SHOW WALK HELLA FUNKY. seriously. they are beautiful gals and all, but i saw one that mimicked the horse stomp and another that almost swayed her hips off the stage. i thought it was pretty hilarious. anyways, coming from l.a. where sales tax is a bit higher, i think it's a good idea to go shopping here to save a little bit (nevada sales tax at 7.7500%). not to mention it's a good alternative to gambling. in both scenarios, you give up some money, but at least if you go shopping, you can take something home with you. that's what i tell myself ALL the time when i'm in vegas.
4	I tried to do handstands for youI tried to do handstands for youEvery time I fell on you, yeah, every time I fellFor yoooooooou, oooooFor you.Yeah. Thanks, Fashion Show Mall, for getting that song stuck in my head from your gigantigous recurring iPod ad.
4	With over 200 different major stores they have great dining a huge outdoor mega screen and lots of events including daily fashion shows.
4	I LOLed after reading Lizzie's review!!!  I was going to say the same thing!  While I was outside eating lunch, the nano commercial song was all I kept hearing OVER & OVER!  Funny thing is I worked in the iPod group so I had to tell some of my colleagues.The mall here is quite spacious and they have plenty of stores.  They also have all the major department stores: Dillards, Saks, Bloomingdales, Macy's, and Nordstrom.  I liked how they have fashion shows with a real catwalk stage.  Don't know any other malls that have room for that.  Maybe because this mall is so spacious, it seems that every time I go there, it's not packed or crowded with people.  Makes it easier to shop.
4	I LOVE this mall.  'Nuff said.I jest, I jest.  I love the way the mall is built with the inter-layered floors.  I like how there are a good amount of stores for just about anyone (including Louis Vuitton, Saks Fifth Ave, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdales, etc.), my favorite being the recently discovered Zara!There's not really a food court, but whenever I visit this mall, I always have lunch/dinner at CPK :)
4	Good mall.  For those who don't have good shopping back home or those who live in LV, it's a good place to shop.Large variety of stores, decent places to grab a bite and seems to fill all the basic mall shopping needs.Personally, I prefer wandering the seriously high-end shops in the casinos, preferably while having a few cocktails or finding some good bargains at the Premium Outlet Center.  But hey, this mall gets the job done, can't argue with it.Can, however, argue with what seems to pass for a fashion show. Las Vegas, you're better than that!  What. The. Hell. Best part?  Stripburger!
2	There are a large amount of stores here on a number of levels, but it's difficult to find anything (see Stripburger).  There are information kiosks/maps, but they are horrible at telling you how to get anywhere (see Stripburger again).  While they generally tell you where you are, they aren't particularly good at telling you where the elevator/escalator/stairs are to get to the next level.So: There's a food court at the top level, all the way at the end of the mall, but if you want to go to Stripburger, it's at the bottom on the same end of the mall, on the outside.  Everything else?  Just wander around.  You'll enjoy it more.  If you go looking you might have a tough time.
4	Its a decent mall with some highend stores.. Worth going to to get away from the casnos
3	This is a decent sized mall, but the layout is extremely confusing! My DH and I came here to get away from the hotels and kill some time, but didn't end up staying that long. They do have a decent selection on stores and it is worth the trip if you don't have a great mall where you live.
4	4 stars because of the stellar sales this winter, which is due to the fact that we are in a recession. so, YAY RECESSION!!! otherwise i wouldnt really be back.
5	Perhaps one of my favorite places to shop, and would be hands down if the layout weren't so scattered, but what do you expect for a huge mall on the strip?This mall almost has everything, save for a Bloomingdales and a Barneys, (but that's across the street at the Pallazo.) They have hourly fashion shows which are nothing special, but the decor of this mall is amazing, (for a mall,) and they have all your high-end to low-end needs. I could spend hours in this mall! I prefer to loose my money shopping than gambling anyhow.
4	This is your one stop shopping mall when it is Christmas Eve and you have your entire family to shop for.  There are so many stores here to fit any taste in fashion:HIGH END: Louis Vuitton, Neiman Marcus, Ed Hardy, Betsey Johnson, Michael Kors, Saks Fifth Avenue, Coach and Nordstroms.NOT SO HIGH END: Guess, Aldo, bebe, Puma, Hot Topic, Payless Shoe Source, Macy's, Dillards, Hollister, Forever 21, Arden B., ABC Store, and Brighton Collectibles.  This is also the place to people watch.  We sat and watched a funky teenage emo chick donning her tutu and the douchiest guy rocking his tight True Religion Jeans well below his hips.  HILARIOUS!You can also buy your discounted Las Vegas Show tickets at Tix 4 Tonight.  There are plasmas displaying that night's shows and restaurants.  Come early.  They sell out of the top shows quick.   Come one, come all and bring your cash. This is shopping at its finest.
3	I guess if you like indoor shopping malls, this one is as good as any. They have the usual stores you'll find in other malls with a few restaurants dotted here and there. You'll find other stores exclusively in Vegas -- such as ABC store (from Hawaii) and those selling Vegas memorabilia. Parking can suck, but we were lucky to find a spot really close to the entrance. You can opt for valet parking which, in Vegas, is complimentary, unlike in California so that's pretty convenient too.
4	Very nice mall, I wish I had more time here. Though the only thing I got was a bottle of lotion at Bath and Body Works, the mall has a lot of nice stores. I wish they had one of these in San Francisco/Bay Area...
4	I was contacted by an ABC rep who invited me to shoot pics of  the Pushing Daisies Mobile Pie Hole Tour kicking off the Season 2 of Pushing Daisies on ABC. http://www.pushingdaisiestour.com/Friday, September 12th 2008 From 11:00 am-3:00 pm  It was held discreetly out front of the Mall right next to the Gelato Cafe. The two young girls were handing out preipackaged mini apple & peach pies and souvenir magnets,pie knifes & more. They had the actual trailer,some bicycles from the TV show and some other stuff too. I was there while they set up so I was able to get several pies with no problem but as soon as people began to see & hear about free pies the lines formed and the pies disappeared. There was quite a turnout and not everyone was impressed with the pies but they enjoyed the thought of it.see some pics here @ http://offthestripdining.blogspot.com/2008/09/pie-hole.htmlThis mall always has something exciting happening, the food court is decent for the strip and there's damn near every store you can imagine in there most a little to pricy for my taste.The Fashion Shows are incredible, spontaneous and FREE!!
4	The extra star is for the fashion show. In the Bay Area, we don't have fashion shows that run every hour, except during a holiday season event or August, when fashion models do their runway walk of the lastest style for back-to-school. The directory of stores are the same thing compared to the shops that we have such as LV, Macy's, BR, BCBG, Betsy Johnson, F21, Metropark, etc. I opted to give it 3 stars, but watching petite girls strut their "stuff" in nice attire...cool points. It's like telling the models, "Smile at the camera!" "Give me a happy look!" "I want fierce when you walk the runway!" Do I hear Tyra Banks saying, "You're not America's Top Model." Just saying.
4	This place is huge and has all the big named/name brand stores. We ended up browsing Hot Topic to pick up a tiara for our bachelorette. We also went to Forever 21 as they were having a big sale and found some cute dresses to wear that night. As we were walking around, there was an area in the mall where the floor started rising up. Turns out it was a room/catwalk for fashion shows! We saw some of Betsey Johnson's collection. I'm not huge into fashion, but getting to experience that was pretty cool. The place was too huge to walk around in though. We ended up leaving after checking out a few stores. Can you believe how hard it is to find anything bachelorette related? No banners/streamers/party store type thing. We couldn't find a sash, or a veil. We were lucky enough to find the tiara! I mean I would give it 3 stars just because I hate shopping for more than an hour, but bumping it up to 4 for the sheer vastness/quantity of it.
3	Not a bad place to shop in Vegas. We were able to visit sunglass hut and lens crafters so I could get new specs while we shopped. Made it to lululemon, ethel's chocolates, bebe sports, swarovski, and starbucks for purchases while window shopping in various other stores. I like the layout and the parking was not bad either.
3	Friends and I visited the Fashion Show Mall to kill time - a good thing too, otherwise I'd have been gambling!This three-floor mall is sizable, with a few anchor stores, including Macy's (last I checked), Neiman Marcus, and Saks Fifth Avenue. When I was there last month, the place was packed with tourists and holiday shoppers, so parking in their underground lot was a larger pain than it is usually.Its sole gimmick: spontaneous, random fashion shows. We caught one in front of the Apple Store. An elevated platform rose out of the ground (including the structure where the models change in and emerge from), banners lowered from the ceiling, glitzy lights pulsed, music thump-thump-thumped - it's ridiculous. Models advertised clothing from a local store, and shoppers snapped photos. (See the photos that I posted!)Besides the shows, this mall is like any other large mall.
5	It is one of the better malls in the states. They probably have every store imaginable... being that it is in Vegas it has maintain that high level type mall.Let me say that there Macy's rock! Everything that you would see online they have it there and more. Nevertheless, they have Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman Marcus and many other stores, boutiques for that matter.  They have there spontaneous fashion show thats always cool to watch. If you're feeling a bit tired, in the center of the mall they have this 'quick fix' massage that is awesome. Definitely should try it out.Great place to visit and a great place to momentarily escape from the casinos!
4	Probably the biggest (and most popular) mall in LV, this joint is a great place to people watch, window shop (unless you gots the dough), and eat on any given weekend.There are TONS of stores to choose from to suit your fancy on 3 levels that help walk off that frapuccino - just in time to stop in at the Starbucks on the other side of the mall for another one!On random days, they have spontaneous fashion shows where tiny little women and gorgeous guys hit the runway in the back side of the mall.  Its pretty cool.There are lots of places to eat, and generally, it takes me a full Saturday afternoon just to get my fill of the mall.  Of course, most of the time, its all about window shopping, cuz since you're on the strip and all - the prices cater to the tourist and whale alike.  Want a fun afternoon or some last minute local show tickets?  Go to Fashion Show.  Want a better deal on those designer jeans you just gotta have?  Go to another mall.
3	It's your typical mall... just in Vegas.  Great selection of stores but other than that its nothing special for something on the strip.
3	The mall is better than where I am currently living at but most of the stores are expensive and common.
4	This is Las Vegas' best mall but it tends to be a little overrated. Its a very awkward designed mall but does have great stores and variety. I think it has one of the best Macy's stores in all of America 2nd to Downtown San Francisco. However this mall lacks another good department store for instance a Bloomingdales. A lot of the high end boutiques are at the Forum Shops....if only they could be here it would totally change the dynamic of the mall. Capital Grille and Maggianos are great restaurants but this mall loses points here. 85/100
4	always stop here as soon as i arrive in town. its like a mini south coast plaza. deffinately a one stop mall.
3	I actually walked there from palazzo hotel.. its not far at all, good exercise... This place is extremely confusing.. especially the escalators around nordstrom.. This mall is pretty huge, I was there for almost 4 hours, still feel like there's more to see. I went during x-mas time. They set a stage w/ the santa clause show w/fake snows falling down in the mall. It's definitly good for family & kids. Suprisingly my one of my favorite store Neiman Marcus have great pomotions on cosmetics & other sales too. I do enjoy shopping @ fashion show mall.. I just need to get use to the whole confusing escalator thing..
2	Pukesters. Lots of overpriced sh*tty clothes crammed into a large, confusing monstrosity of a mall. The one bookstore isn't even a full Borders, it's an "express" i.e. "lower lease price in a mall nobody comes to for books". The "fashion show" in the middle is an odd curiosity not worth standing around for. The outside of the mall has an enormous electronic billboard that plays the "i tried to do handstands for you" Ipod Nano commercial incessantly, making sitting in the outdoor food court an exercise in barely managing not to slit your own throat out of sheer rage. Say it with me: Pukesters.
3	not bad.  walking distance from the wynn.typical mall stores.really good forever 21 and neiman marcus
4	I love this mall! Saks, Neiman Marcus and Nordstroms in one mall? Freakin shoe heaven! I would give them 5 stars if they had a regular Bloomingdale's instead of just the home store. I can't complain about the home store though because even though my mom lives in LA she has purchased everything from a blender to a Nespresso maker here and lugged it home. This is the only mall I know of, other than South Coast Plaza, that has Zara and Mango, plus I was excited to see Madewell. If only they had an H&M! You can find some really great sales at this mall and there are tons of stores for everyone.The layout can be kind of confusing because I think it is 2 levels in some places and 3 in others. Plus there is parking underground. Don't worry, just come back a few times and you'll figure it out. I used to shop here even before it got totally remodelled a while ago and it only gotten better!
4	We went here because we were staying at Trump Hotel which is across the street.This is a HUGE mall....you can get lost in here.  Doesn't seem that big from the outside.  But there are multiple levels on the inside.  We had a hell of a time finding the food court.Nice place to get away from the heat.  Tons of stores to look around.
4	This mall is big as hell, but has every store you could imagine. The fashion show that happens in the mall is interesting to say the least. Also as someone mention, it is a great place to chill out and cool off!
4	extremely convenient for wynn guests because it's just right across from the hotel. outside looked small but the inside is surprisingly big with all the big dept stores like Saks, Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus i think, another that starts with a D and Macys. Kinda like mid range products and you can find anything from fashion to electronics(apple) to convenience store etc.
4	Favorite mall, huge, great stores cant mention them all... apple store, lucky brand jeans, louis vuitton, fossil, and brookstone / sharper image facing each other LOL, plenty of 'hip' places and jewelry/shoe stores, and a California Pizza Kitchen :) Also a build-a-bear but i hear its a ripoffFood court is separated and upstairs, nice variety there too.Just being inside feels niceI hate the parking, used to get lost now I always go the same way.. around back passed the strip club/love boutique to the underground lot, I hate going any other way. OH YEAH AND IN THE WINTER THEY MAKE IT FAKE SNOW INSIDE!!!I dont think everyone likes though hehe
3	I would have to say this is a nice mall, but on the Strip, it seems a little out of place. Walk inside here, unlike the Planet Hollywood mall or the shops at Caesar's, and you don't feel like you're in Vegas anymore....which kind of defeats the purpose for tourists, does it not?It does seem like the defining feature, as noted by a few other reviews, is the endlessly looping Ipod commercial played out front, so I'll rate it based on my experience hearing the following songs played 100x times in a row."Work That" (Mary J. Blige) - 4 stars"I Tried To Do Handstands For You" - 2 starsAverage rating - 3 stars.
4	I know it might seem ridiculous to spend time at a mall when you're in Vegas, but I am a professional shopper and around day 6 of no shopping I needed to get my fix.  There's pretty much any store you could want in this huge mall.  The layout isn't the greatest and you end up walking miles just to get to the store you want to go to.  There are lots of choices in the food court and plenty of seating.
3	Hecka big mall. My brain and body could only make it through these stores: Gap, Gymboree, Nordstrom, Zara, Children's Place, Neiman Marcus, Le Sport Sac, ABC store, J Crew, Anne Taylor Loft, Aldo, Banana Republic, Starbucks Came away with some awesome deals: two Gap tanks ($2.99 each), J Crew flip flops ($6), Zara scarf ($7), a pair of earrings ($11) from Anne Taylor Loft, a vente non-sweetened green iced tea from Starbucks, a snack pack of Blue Diamond wasabi and soy almonds from the ABC store.Zara was having an insane sale so it was a madhouse. Getting that scarf probably wasn't worth the headache that would stay with me the rest of the day.The selection of stores is great but they really need to have more directories so that people like me can figure out where hell I'm going since I'm the type of person that shops with a list and avoids browsing. And was it me or did some of the upper levels have three floors?? I'd probably return if I took the time to prepare for my visit in advance by plotting out the stores I wanted to go to and making a map for myself.
3	I like the look of this mall but the self parking was a little bit horrible because the parking spaces were kind of small and it seemed like a tight area. There are  many different stores in it and a lot of things to see. Just a cool mall to go and check out at least once when you go to Vegas.
4	every store for all shoppers I'd think.  Good size and right on the strip, went on a weekend and had some great deals in a lot of stores.
4	They have a lot of stores even though it looks small on the outside but it's actually pretty big inside. Forever 21, Welcome to Las Vegas, Nordstrom, A-Z store, Saks, Betsey Johnson, and tons more stores to be named. I really liked this mall, it was great. They even have a Fashion Show every Saturday. Their Food Court was also huge but didn't try the food.
3	As shopping malls go, this is one of the better ones out there. I am not a fan of shopping malls to shop in since I am an eBay guy with several hundred transactions there, and I prefer discount and outlets.  But my niece dragged us in here and I liked it better than I thought I would.  First, we went early on a Friday, so parking was easy. Second, it's on the Strip, so after we shopped and dined here, we walked out and about despite the heat.  Third, because of the heat, it was great to go back inside this air cooled place before heading to the car.I can't comment on the stores and what they offer in terms of fashion.  But there are a lot of trendy one of a kind boutique shops as well as some better known stores like Abercrombie, Nordstrom and Macy's.  But my niece got herself a blouse, and my nephew, who had a school photography project, had to take pictures of excellent artistic displays at store entrances. It is a clean and attractive mall. We then had a nice lunch, and walked around the mall before stepping outside to check out the strip which is old hat for me since I have relatives here in Las Vegas.  I spoke to a mall employee  about what the name Fashion Show Mall was.  He said that they occasionally have short fashion shows in the center of the mall.  He - I think kiddingly - said some of the so-called models are actually strippers at night. So I kiddingly asked back, "How do you know?" And he didn't answer and had to excuse himself to wait on another customer..Two and a half hours later, we drove off and it was crowded as heck in the parking lots as tourists and school kids got out of school and started streaming in. It's good place for people watching as well as shopping.
3	the fashion show mall's architecture is pretty amazing...  it has this huge surfboard ornametal feature which makes this mall hard to miss off the strip...  it has a neiman marcus, macy's, and nordstrom...  it even has a metropark and a lululemon (which supposedly is the only one in the state of nevada)...  the fashion mall is a good transition piece for those walking from the trump international to the wynn or enocore...  h-100...
4	Came here in October for the second time in my life (how lame, I know).. and I'd have to say I was glad it wasn't that hot and that we didn't have to trek here under the blazing sun as I did when I was in HS. I think we were staying at MGM Grand at the time, so it was quite the trek indeed.I liked ZARA and bought a pair of shorts from there. I thought it was cool to see the fashion show.. esp how the catwalk comes from underground. VOW! Very awesome! :)
4	Fashion Show Mall is your typical upscale mall that you would find in your own hometown. Unfortunately for this mall, there is tons of shopping malls in Vegas. Each hotel has their own shopping center, so unfortunately this mall gets downgraded because of that. Why do they call it Fashion Show Mall? I was lucky enough to just be waiting towards the center of the mall. All of a sudden a runway and stage started to just rise out of the floor! Lights came down and everything! Before I knew it there was the stage showcasing some new cars. It was pretty cool. Everything just came up out of the ground. Yeah, never saw that before at your hometown mall. Anyway, it's a good place to go to get value for you money instead of dropping it off and leaving empty handed at the casinos.
3	This is just another typical all-American style mall.  It has your Macy's, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, and Dillards. They're the higher end department stores and you have the rest like J.Crew, GAP, Guess, Levi's and the Canadian Lululemon. There is also a small food court. I don't find this mall appealing because it doesn't even feel like a Vegas style mall and one should only go here for the air conditioning.
5	I love this mall..it's definitely one of my favorite malls on the West Coast. They have everything from everyday shopping to high end names. They even have every single department store you can think of.. You got it: Macy's, Bloomingdales [Home], Nordstroms, Saks 5th & Neiman Marcus! Can you name any other mall with all 5? They also have free shows..check schedule times!
2	Stupid ass layout! If you want to go from 3rd floor to 2nd floor, you have to first go to 1st floor and then take a different escalator to get to the 2nd floor. WTF!!The other thing is, even though it says things are on sale, for some reason, it isn't as low as the same stores back home. I don't understand it. Maybe they're trying to hone in on the overseas tourist who doesn''t know better.After coming here a few times, I'll have to say, meh, I really am not a fan of this mall at all!
5	Great mall with lots of stores and nice layout of the food court which is on the third floor... (not hard to locate as mentioned by others. just take the elevator or go from the side entrance outside up the escalators, which will take you right to the entrance). check out TACO MAKER great food if your looking for something different than those typical fast food chains like wendys, kfc, taco bell, etc...
3	Not as nice as the Canal Shoppes and Forum Shops, more like a regular mall.The food court is pretty terrible too. Greasy food that'll make you feel gross afterwards. Well, I guess Subway isn't too bad...but when you're away from home, sometimes you just wanna try something different.Make sure you pick up a coupon book (works for both the Canal Shoppes and the Fashion Show Mall) at the concierge. Coupons for many shops and almost every fast food stand in the food court.
4	Really nice mall. I visited it while walking down the strip. I really enjoyed it and bought a few things. So did my mom, we love to shop! I love the design of it also, great architecture. If you're in Vegas, definitely stop by!
4	Nordstrom, Saks and Neiman Marcus all in one mall! How could you go wrong? Not to mention The Capital Grille, True Religion and Louis Vuitton too. It doesn't hurt being across the street from Wynn Las Vegas either. It just sucks that the Bloomingdales is a home store.
5	I love this mall, especially because it has the only Nordstrom in NV! It's clean and I love the style of the flooring and the architecture. It's very spacious and modern. Great variety of stores, kind of funky layout but I can live with that. Also easy to get to and lots of parking. They have Nordstrom and Saks and Neiman Marcus, Betsey Johnson, Louis Vuitton, Pac Sun, Sanrio, Dillards, Wet Seal, Banana Republic, Forever 21, a technicolor Children's Place, sports stores, surfer wear stores... something for everyone. They also have a decent variety of food. And don't be surprised if prices are a little higher for some things, it's ON the Strip, what do you expect?
4	With stores like Champ's, Levi's, Puma, LaCoste and Johnston & Murphy to name a few, these stores are definitely for me.But with stores like Louis Vuiton, Bloomingdale's, Nordstrom, Ann Taylor and Bebe to name a few, these stores are for the ladies who wants to be a celebrity like Lady Gaga. There are stores also for Joe Cool (me). Lululemon, Sanrio and "the monkey with the big mouth" (Paul Frank). These stores have all the ladies, in which I have no choice in putting on my flashy Oakley's to look and act like Joe Cool.However, I did buy a pair of $300.00 cowboy boots from Boot Star for my trip to Texas later in the year. The service at the Boot Star was fast for my customizing my pair of boots to a perfect fit on my size 12 feet. Imagine Joe Cool walking in Texas in his cowboy boots?
5	I loved this mall! A relief from the Vegas crowd...great shop selection, clean, and I got good service (and spent way too much money) at all the stores I went to. Not too crowded at opening (11am) on Sunday. Some of the stores were a bit slow opening up, but that's my only complaint. Definitely a must-do for shopping in Vegas.
5	I adore this mall. It has something for everyone. From designer to high street. Such a vast range. They usually have some sort of event going on, down on the ground level, singstar promotions, catwalks etc. Always fun.A great place to shop, eat and hag with friends! A MUST for anyone in Vegas!
3	Standard indoor mall.  They have a brief fashion show hourly on the  weekends.  The stage rises out of the floor.  Pretty neat. If you're from So Cal check out the Dillards, as we don't have them here.  Be sure to visit the Bettie Page shop - it's a trip.     Stripburger is at the North end.
4	Pros:The best mall in Vegas.More accessible than the Forum Shops. Best Macy's and best Dillard's in Vegas, as well as the only Nordstrom location.Cons:Overpriced.Too many tourists.Kind of stuck-up/snobby atmosphere. Confusing layout.Also, I happen to be a black kid and there's several stores where I was watched like a hawk and followed around as if they were waiting for me to steal something....just throwing that out there. Best mall in Vegas but it's not my favorite. I can never afford anything, almost every time I go here it's just for job-hunting or to go window shopping. It can be fun, but it's also very depressing.
2	I come from the shopping mecca of Dallas.  This mall just couldn't compare to back home.  I do love how it connects to Treasure Island, great benefit for their guests.  We had a few meals at the mall, to avoid the typical Vegas food prices, and it worked out very well.  It has some high-end and some more reasonably priced stores.  The layout of this mall is ridiculous.  When walking from one end to another you have to go up and down escalators, one floor doesn't stretch from end to end.  Even using the directory, it was a little tough to figure out.  There is a small grocery-like store (called ABC) in the mall with decent prices, it was convenient for us when we needed to pick up cough drops and snacks.  They sold liquor, too.  There is also a Tickets Tonight place, to buy tickets for the Vegas events/shows.  So, yes it made our trip more convenient, but if you go just for the shopping it may be a disappointment.
4	I'm only giving this 4 star rating because this is the only place in the world where I am able to watch an actual (although not high fashion or anything) fashion show take place. Pretty cool experience. One time there was this female model whose ribcage showed every step she took down the runway; I can never forget that.I think the selection of stores here is not bad, but I definitely agree with the nonsensical layout. Too many random escalators and multiple ways of getting floor to floor.Overall though, I feel this is a must visit for anyone in Vegas.
4	The only thing that kept me from giving this a full 5 star review was because it seemed there were a lot more kiosk people getting in our way asking if we'd be interested in whatever it was.  Even the cell phone case and teeth whitening people got up in our grill (pun intended).Other than that, this gigantic place has all the shops my wife likes and she had a great time spending my casino winnings on herself.
3	This place is seriously on a whole other level.  It Literally is.  You'll start off in the middle level and as you walk through you will be forced to either go up a level or down a level.  You can't just walk straight though the middle from one side to another.  You have to either go up a level or down a level and then up a level and down a level again to get back to where you started.  Pretty annoying and slightly confusing.  I do like that this mall is on the strip.  I see people walking around here with the Fat Tuesday yard drinks and I get a kick out of that.  Also I love how this place lives up it's name of "Fashion Show Mall."  They have a walk way there and every time I come here I get to see a fashion show.  The Fashion shows and layout of this mall separate it from other malls but that is about it.Apparently I must be invisible here.  One store I went into the guys working there didn't even greet me or look at me and at another store I bought something and the only time the cashier said anything to me was to ask if I wanted the receipt in the bag.  Not really a big deal but just thought I'd mention that.
4	I'm a fan of malls. Obviously. If you want a new outfit to go clubbing in Vegas, you're clearly not going to go to Dior. What you need is a mall with more affordable clothing with a lot of option.Fashion Show Mall provides exactly that! I went twice in March and both times, we went to the mall to look for shoes  since our friends needed shoes. They found shoes that didn't cost $700+. The store has a bunch of stores -- Zara, J. Crew, Kenneth Cole, department stores, etc. If you need your cliche Vegas outfit (aka half-naked and extremely tight), they do have a few stores that offer those outfits.The food court also has a lot of cheap food available and your usual food court type of foods (i.e. Panda Express, some kind of Greek place, etc.), but it's more pricey than your normal food court price.
4	Did some shopping yesterday at the Fashion Show and figured I would post my review.  Long story shortened, I personally used to be employed at this mall.  I helped operate the Bang & Olufsen store that was in the location below Nieman Marcus.  Working inside the mall made the setup easier to navigate.I understand the layout of the mall is silly, however, the selection of stores inside are unique in our city.  The restaurants are also a great benefit to the mall and the food court is certainly better than the outlet or galleria mall.  Overall, the Fashion Show isn't the best mall that Vegas offers, but it still contains the essential shops, food choices, and accessibility that a patron like myself finds attractive.
3	This is a nice mall overall. Very upscale and tons of various stores. The only thing about this mall is that it's all the same stores you would find else where. I mean if I were to travel 10 hours to go to vegas, I wouldn't really want to shop at stores that I can go to in my own city. But there were a few stores that I haven't seen elsewhere. I really like how they have an ABC hawaii store in this mall. But then they don't have sharka, unlike the ABC stores in actual hawaii. There is wads of parking in the mall. And it does get crowded at times, but where Las Vegas doesn't get crowded?
2	This mall is definitely more upscale than the others in the Vegas Valley, but that doesn't mean it is better by any means.First and foremost, the selection of stores. The big problem here is that this place focuses on high-end stores a lot more than other malls. As such, more basic stores you've come to love at other malls are not represented as well as you might like. Additionally, the mall contains no music/video store. At least it has better stores than the outlets.One of my big complaints about this mall is the confusing layout. It is a "staggered", two-story layout that is extremely difficult to explain. You actually have to be in the mall to understand what I am talking about. The food court (on its OWN floor in addition to the others) has a good selection of dining options, including some you don't typically see in malls (including Wendy's and KFC), plus some separate dine-in restaurants. However, the food court has high prices, even more so than other malls. This is most likely to cash in on the mall's strip location. For ONE person (myself) to eat at the Panda Express, it cost around $10, when I can eat for far less at any other one of their Vegas Valley locations.There really just isn't any reason to go here. If you want a good clothing shopping experience, go to the outlets. If you want a traditional mall experience, go to the Galleria.
4	Have you ever found yourself in Vegas and realized you underpacked or don't want to wear what ever you packed?  It's happened to me and Fashion Show Mall is my go to for anything I need or may have forgotten to pack.  As far as malls go on The Strip, it's the most like a regular mall that you'd find at home.  Planet Hollywood mall doesn't have enough selection and Caesars' Mall is just too expensive for me.  Fashion Show mall has regular stores like Nordstroms, Macy's, Zara, Forever 21, Victoria's Secret, etc.  Also, when I want some cheap, fast food, I run over to their food court.  It has all the regular spots you'd expect; McDonald's, Panda Express, etc.  My only complaint is that I always get lost in the underground parking structure.  Remember where you park.  It's easy to get lose your car down there.
4	This is not a bad mall and it really shouldn't be considering the fact that it is located on the strip. Plenty of great stores and department stores. I really didn't get to enjoy the mall at leisure since I had a friend with me that was rushing me. But I will definitely visit here again on my next trip to Vegas. It's a pretty large mall, kinda reminds me of Del Amo Mall here in Los Angeles. I would say that the only downfall is that there are a lot of high end stores which is probably the reason why the mall wasn't too busy on a Saturday.....
4	Retail Therapy!!I'm not much of a high end shopper, but this was a Great place for a little r&r....  Aveda was raising money and offering mini facials/massages.   you can use the info booklet to get another coupon book for some free goodies and extra discounts.  We cashed in on the free water, free beauty samples and discount coupons for some great clothes. There was a fashion show near the Apple store-free WiFi and a show, SWEET.  Also some good basic grub at the food court is available at reasonable prices for being near the strip.
2	Selection wasn't that great and not that many good deals. I come from a small city so I was hoping to get some shopping done and overall wasn't impressed. They need a H&M!
3	They have fashion shows in this mall? Really? I thought they just named it randomly. I guess I've come to conclusion that I'm ignorant of names and why they're named. I think I have spent only about an hour or 2, strolling this mall, well, more like soaring. I've spent about 10 minutes max in each store. After all that time, I almost walked out empty-handed. I never walk out of malls empty-handed. For the most part, some of those shops are located in NY as well so I tried to avoid the sales taxes. Here, marks the first time I've been to a Nordstrom. I still remember that moment in the shoe section and looking at the dull Nike shoes. Most of the stuff, I find, are expensive and the sales were crap. In the light of it, I loved the outside, where I can stop by a few stores. Now, that's classic. I was more tempted by The Cloud which blinks various colors at night.I really need to come here when there's a show going on!
2	I lagged on refreshing my kicks before the Memorial Day Weekend Vegas trip, and thought I'd hit up this place on Sunday evening.  Unfortunately, surprisingly, everything was pretty much closed since it was 7:00 PM.  I know it's Sunday, but this is Vegas, mid-strip on a holiday Weekend. You would think that management would have the foresight to realize that on this sort of weekend, they could make extra money by operating on special hours and staying open a little bit later.  I was one of *many* customers showing up to find the place closed much to our chagrin.  Fortunately, after doing a Yelp search on my phone, I got a good idea of the many (better and classier) places available in all of the nearby casino-resort shopping areas that were selling men's shoes and open a few hours later.
5	This has to be one of the best malls ive ever been in, only in Vegas. It is huge, they have this weird parking setup which makes it pretty easy to get back to your car. they got a lot of really fancy stores and a lot of tourists. It has this huge runway that has shows every now and then. items are pretty reasonably priced and its definitely a mall id check out again.
4	If you love malls, then you'll love this one! Looking from the outside, I had absolutely no idea how humongous this place was and how many stores it had. We need one of these in Silicon Valley! It's Stanford, Valley Fair and Union Square all wrapped into one. It has the typical mall stores like Gap, Banana Republic, Ann Taylor, Macy's and Nordstrom with the lovely added additions of Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue and a Bloomingdales Home store, just to name a few. Plus Barney's is right across the street! Macy's also does a little fashion show every hour on the hour which is a pretty cool little production. It's nice to know this place exists just in case I ever need to grab something on the fly.
4	Definitely some good stuff here. A&F, ZARA, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's, Hollister. Clean, and has a large food court. Located conveniently across from Wynn & The Palazzo & Treasure Island. Make sure to check it out - you will run into some awesome goodies.
5	Out of the four major malls here (Galleria, Meadows, Blvd.) this is my favorite. The levels are a little confusing at first (some stores are actually on the outer edge of the mall facing the Strip), but we've been here so much, that we gotten used to it. I'm sure it throws off all the tourists though. When I first moved here,  it was uppity, the food court was so small, located on the lower level, and there were no fashion shows. A lot has changed. The renovations have made this the prettiest of the four major malls (with the exception of that weird space looking deal on the top of the mall, above the food court, that reminds me of Star Trek). The stores that aren't at the other major malls are:  The Limited, Coldwater Creek, Ann Taylor Loft, H20, Jessica McClintock, Teavana, LeSportsac, Nordstrom, Bloomingdale's, Neiman Marcus, Sak's Fifth Avenue, Sanrio, The Walking Company, Kate Spade, Louis Vuitton, Bare Escentuals, Betsey Johnson, Michael Kors, Billabong, Boot Star, ABC store, California Pizza Kitchen, Paul Frank, Prestige Travel, Puma, Quiksilver/Roxy, Ed Hardy, Ethel's Chocolate, Swenson's Ice Cream, Everything But Water, Soma Intimates, Gelato Cafe, Godiva, Tix 4 Tonight, an art gallery featuring Salvador Dali's work, and Z Gallerie- to name a few. Recently added: Johnny Rockets, Forever 21- a much bigger store. Yo Fresco (lower level) is a good frozen yogurt place @ 49 cents an ounce. Nordstrom's cafe is pretty good. Also like Great Wraps & Chicken Connection in the food court. If you've been to Hawaii, you know that you can find lots of goodies at the ABC store- food, snacks, drinks, magazines, gifts, toiletries, and novelties. It's easy to spend money at this mall. Something for everyone. Mostly tourists shop here- lots of great people watching. We like parking at the garage closest to Dillard's, where there is lots of shade for cars in the summer time. There is an entrance/exit outside the food court, which is pretty neat. My only complaint is that the hours should be longer compared to the other General Growth Properties to accomodate the tourists and the fact that the mall is right there on the Strip, it makes sense, right?
1	Parking sucks.Unless you love valet parking, which had sealed off half the parking garage for a very few cars (just so they could force people to valet). When you finally found a spot and made the way to the mall, it wasn't any more special than any fashion mall in southern California. It wasn't better or cheaper, just a waste of time.
4	this is the spot where u can find the moderately priced for normal earthlings dept stores.  they have a macy's, a nordstrom.... and now a freakishly large 2 story forever 21.  it's a typical mall..sanrio, bath and body, wet seal, sharper image.. victoria secret, hot topic.. and also offer more upscale stores.  so there's literally something for everyone!  every now and then there's a fashion show in the middle of the mall.. [hence the name]  which i think is an awesome showcase of what the mall has to offer.  the downside: it's like a labyrinth.  the floors are little weird, so you can't just be on one floor and then bounce onto another and go in the other direction..  it's more like, there's one base floor.. and if you want to get to the second floor it only covers one half.. then you can go  up to cover another... or something..  this may be a mall that takes two days to conquer just because it's a little confusing.  it's not even that big.  i live here.. so i park around the dept stores i need to get too.something to also remember:  if your in the mall, there are also stores on the outside facing the strip as well..  it's also a great photo op location.the food court is hooooked up.. they also have awesome sit down restaurants as well.
4	this is a very fun place to go for  both eating and shopping they have a lot of stores  like dillard's, borders , Apple ,Banana Republic , and much more and  they have my favorite food court  they also have a Johnny Rockets  and  the  Capital Grille and if you need a haircut they have a Regis Hair Stylists.
4	I think the layout is a little janky with their parking and their multi levels within a level set up, but this place is pretty decent. A place on the strip to shop that the average person can have options as well. There are times I know when I used to be just a visitor that I forgot that bathing suit or another item and this was right there to save my butt. Now that I live here, I still like it. They have a few shops I love to go to that the other malls don't have. I head to select stores like Zara or Teavana or drop into Norstroms/Saks/Neiman for makeup/skincare needs. Sure there's not much for sales but it's the strip. Be shopping savvy and most brands have an outlet or store at the other malls that might be better for bargain hunting. It's good for some things....is that a bad thing? No, but what mall serves a 100% of my needs? It doesn't exist so I can't fault them for satisfying a small portion of my essentials. Most of what I want and need isn't even available at a mall.
5	there was so much stores here that we didn't bother to look around further. they have everything you can think of, from expensive ass stores to the cheap ass stores. the also got a 2 story Forever21 o_0 this is a shopper's palace. i love the design of the building. it;s noticeable from far away. just look for a UFO looking building. the food court was nice if you walked far like i did and dying to get some food in your stomach. i didn't buy anything here since i was saving my money for something else. maybe next time i'll pick up some Vans
5	This mall is sooooooooooooooooo awesome. I was staying at PH but walked damn near the entire strip and when I got down here....almost lost my mind. They have every store you can think of at any other mall in the country, yet its the architecture that really caught my eye and the big ass monitors they had out side, all I kept seeing was freakin iPods larger than my house, lol. When I come back to Vegas I will be blowing quite a bit of money in the 2 story Forever 21 and thinking to myself Viva Las Vegas while doing it!
3	Just as good as your typical Westfield mall.  No thing special about it.  I used it as an air-conditioned walk-through from my Trump hotel room to the main part of the strip.  Downside is that shops and restaurants/food court close so early.
5	This is one of my favorite malls in Vegas. There are a bunch of shops as well as restaurants and a food court (in case you don't want to pay some of the outrageous Vegas prices). This mall is in walking distance from the strip as you take the bridge from Treasure Island to get to the mall. In the summer time it gets super hot so you don't want to be outside as much. You can also be normal and drive to the mall. Some of the stores here are the huge Macy's store, ABC store (like in Hawaii with your assortment of Vegas tourist stuff and wide selection of alcohol), the Marc Ecko Cut & Sew store and many other stores. I usually buy a lot of clothes from the Marc Ecko Cut & Sew store. This the the Ecko brand but the not gangster Ecko Unlimited brand. Make sure when you go to Macy's you mention you're from CA to get the CA discount. Saves you some money there. There are upscale stores such as the LV store. They also have fashion shows showcasing different types of clothes. I went last time and they were modeling swimsuits. The stage is in front of the Marc Ecko store and it rises from the ground. The Apple Store is always packed here too. I was super close to buying an iPad but I told myself I was going to gamble money to win big. I bet money on sports betting in hopes of getting a huge payday but instead three of my picks decided to tank it! They have a Paul Frank store too so if you're into Paul Frank, go here. The workers here are generally nice unless you're acting really stupid. Remember that you're in a mall and you're going to spend money. If you don't like the prices here, don't buy anything!
4	The Fashion Show Mall is everything a mall should be. It includes all the relevant department stores including, Saks, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Dillards and Macys. The mall is huge and and holds many gems including Zara & Mango. If you are looking for disposable fashion make sure to check out the GIANT Forever21.I would recommend this place solely on the department store selection. I always go to the mall to grab lunch, the best restaurant options are the Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus cafes.
4	This is just your typical mall. You will not find any of the super high end stores that you'll find in Cesar's Palace or the Crystals at City Center. so don't come here if you're looking for that LV store. They do have some high end apparel because there is a Saks, Nordstroms, and a Neiman Marcus. On the other end, they have your average stores like Gap, Forever 21, and Foot Locker. The mall is pretty big and will probably take a good 25 minutes to walk from end to end. The food court is located on the strip side of the mall and is located on the third floor. It has your typical mall food court restaurants and isn't over priced just because it's Vegas. There are also bridges so that you can make your way to the Wynn or Treasure Island to continue your trek down the strip.
4	When I'm in town visiting lady love, Fashion Show is just a fun mall to pa-rouse.  It's a perfect blend of Vegas: has to look and feel fancy and upscale, has a variety of high end stores and the mix of your common mall stores to then make a fun time shopping.From the ABC Store to the biggest and nicest Forever 21 to the AWESOME Lululemon and of course all of the high end stores...it's more of an event really.  And then there's the food court, the layout, variety and cleanliness makes it enjoyable.  Fun for the tourist or local =D Oh and the people watching is probably the best hands down.
4	This mall totally saved my cheap-self in Vegas. I'm a girl who will splurge on steak dinners, show tickets, hotels, and handbags, but when it comes to breakfast and lunch I packed granola bars to avoid paying over-inflated prices on omelets. Since we stayed at the Wynn/Encore we walked across the street to this mall several times to eat lunch and stock up on booze and snacks to pre-party in our room. They've got everything from Subway and Hot Dogs to California Pizza Kitchen, sushi, burgers, and Maggianos. The ABC Store is like a heaven-sent 7-11 where we stocked up on fruit, snacks, vodka, and cranberry juice. The shopping was also very enticing. Though it doesn't have the high-high end stores that the casinos have (Chanel, etc) it does have a Nordstrom, Bloomingdales and a Neiman Marcus. They also have a HUGE Forever 21, and your run of the mill stores like GAP, Mango, and Puma if you need to pick up any basics.
4	Love this mall!  Love dancing to the I-pod commercials out front :) Love the view of the Wynn across the street.  The only thing this mall needs is a Lush, and it would be perfect :) Love the fashion shows all weekend (hence the name of the mall).
4	Came here recently to purchase the Rosetta Stone software (separate review of that store).  I'm a fan of the Fashion Show Mall, here's why:PROS- Easy in/out.  The underground parking lot with the entrance across the street from the Trump Towers is a great spot to get into the middle of the mall easily.  With the exception of Christmas Shopping Season, I can get in/out with no issues.- Great stores.  Despite being on the higher end of the scale, this mall has some great stores.  Some of my favorites are Tommy Bahama, Zara, Front Row Sports, Dillard's, Nieman Marcus, Sak's 5th Ave.- Decent food.  There are some good food choices here.  Johnny Rockets, Maggiano's, and California Pizza Kitchen are a few of my favs.CONS- It's on the Strip.  That means it's not convenient to get there for a local.Overall, I like this mall a lot.Will I return?  Of course!
2	Two stars because they only have one store I really love. That store is Zara. It's the Spanish version of H&M (originated in Spain) but pricier.  Otherwise, I would be a damn fool to drive here on a regular shopping basis. Are you out of your damn mind? Hello, I hate to admit this shit, but I am a local and I know better. The place is swamped with tourists (drunk and sober) so I avoid this place on a regular basis. I get anxiety just thinking about the crowds. Parking blows more than L. Lohan on crack. Food court is way over-priced for fast food. I'll just stick to my chai lattes or iced coffees at Starbucks thank your very much. And eat somewhere else, Chinatown is very close (pho, sushi, chinese, korean!) And those pointless, stupid-ass fashion shows? Girl please, if I wanna see wannabe models strut the catwalk, I'll watch America's Next Top Model. The Fashion Show is massive, I'll give that, and covers your bases on stores. From low-end (discount gift shop stores) to high-end  Neimans. Thus, you have a wide selection of useless shit. But c'mon, in this recession I cannot afford to be shopping at regular priced shit. I'll stick to outlets and sales at H&M. I'll be damned if I'll be clowned on at Saks if I have to ask for the price on something. If this place had H&M, Uniqlo (Japanese version of H&M), and Urban Outfitters than I will upgrade this place to five stars. Otherwise, I'll just stick to my annual holiday trek in December.
4	This mall look like a Back to Future mall and it had so many stores!I LOVE THIS MALL!
2	I'm not intentionally being negative, the mall's making me do it. Fashion Show Mall is just another over priced name brand shopping destination in LV. It's fantastic if you wear a size 2 and have tons of money to waste, but if you don't, well.... you'd better stick to Macy's. The FSM Macy's is the ONLY thing that saved this place from one star. It's the biggest and baddest I've seen since the Seattle one. The rest of the stores are just duplicates of the ones you'll find at the Palazzo, Venetian, Caesars, Miracle Mile.... you get the picture.
3	Its a mall. Need I say more?
4	This mall has everything for everyone. From the upscale department stores, to the basic everyday mall stores, this is a great stop for anything and everything. Though it is a bit of a walk from the heart of the strip (and a semi-tough drive depending on traffic), it is a must for those early mornings/afternoons when you just don't feel like hitting the tables or the pool.
4	I find it almost impossible to believe that I have lived in Vegas for 6 months, and today was the first time that I set foot into this mall. I adore shopping malls. The cleaner, the neater and more modern, the better. This place rocks, and I will absolutely be going there again. I did totally miss the 3rd floor food court, so that's the reason I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5.
3	This mall is not great for people with strollers. There are so many different levels and the elevators are not always in a convenient spot. Which translates to more walking..with your baby.They do have some fashion shows and today when I went Santa was involved in a holiday musical with about 15 ladies dancing around him. During that it started to snow some kind of weird bubble snow which my little one loved. So that was a nice surprise.As for the malls shops its pretty standard. But there are a few really great places to eat.The parking garage is a nightmare and that's why I always park in the side lot off of Spring Mountain and enter through Macy's.
5	I like going here for Mac products in the Macy's store, getting under garments at Victoria secret, walking around in forever 21, trying shoes in bakers, and getting a snack at the food court :) this mall is worth seeing.
4	I don't come to this mall often. It's on the Strip and as much as I like the stores, I don't like dealing with anything on the Strip. Nevertheless, I can get some great shopping here. They've got stores that can suit any price range IMO. Their dining is also pretty decent, ranging from regular food court stuff, to sit downs like CPK and Johnny Rockets, all the way up to Capital Grille. Such versatility in a mall is awesome!
4	After being sick and on a yelp hiatus for days (i'm so sorry to my followers but this cold got the best of me) I came back strong for the big shopping day after Christmas. Arrived here this morning and got a great parking space right by Saks 5th Ave. This mall houses some of my favorite stores such as Saks 5th, Nieman Marcus, and Nordstroms. I am a dedicated fan to Free People and wish they had a store in Vegas but dont fear FP lovers because you can get your fix (and find some great deals!) all at Macy's. You can also get a 10% discount by showing your out of state ID. How awesome! This mall also has 2 starbucks so the lines are never too long to get your fix along with a jamba juice if a smoothie is more your fancy. I'm not a fan of Forever 21 but from what I'm told the Fashion Show Mall has the world's largest one. It also a small section upstairs for men. The food court has many different choices, but my favorite is the Nordstroms Cafe or Johnny Rockets located on the other end. YUM!This is one of the only malls I go to in Vegas. It is located right in the middle of the strip, but an easy get to from right off the 15. It has a store for everyone here which I love and food choices (coffee too!) for those shopping till you drop taste buds of yours.I'd say go here during the week though when it isn't so busy and when tourists aren't overpopulated here. It tends to be very crowded and pushy on the weekends. (ok and very busy on the day after Christmas.)Have fun and get your shop on!
5	an update so soon? well like I said this is my favorite mall in Las Vegas, BUT i have never taken my 2 month old nephew here until yesterday. Now it is easy to get around without a stroller and I never knew where all the elevators were until yesterday. It is a very stroller friendly mall for those with kids or those who babysit. Don't be afraid to take those little shoppers out here  I will also mention how wide I noticed the lanes were so you don't have to take up the whole walking aisle and get those fast mall walkers upset. Start taking those shopper tots to the fashion show.
5	Although this is called the Fashion SHOW Mall, I have yet to experience an actual fashion show production here.  I guess it's my luck of the draw that I must miss them whenever I'm in Vegas.That being said, this is definitely the go-to mall for FASHION.  I would classify this mall as one of the fashion Meccas of the Las Vegas strip.  For your first visit here, I would definitely recommend blocking off a few  hours in your day so you're able to explore all the selection, diversity, and fashion that this mall has to offer.  And don't be ashamed to grab a mall guide/map from an information booth, trust me you'll thank me later.  On my very first visit to this mall, I have to be honest to say that I was stunned at it's gargantuan size....I mean if you thought it looks big from what outside, just wait till you see in the inside!  I guess you could just walk around and see what stores are in the mall, but I felt the guide helped in case you wanted to find a store you wanted to shop at.  Since my very first visit, I always make it a point to return to this mall purely because of the variety of stores it holds under one roof.  Besides the Forum Shops @ Caesars Palace, I don't think there's another mall on the strip where you'll find such a diverse collection of stores.  Major store anchors include Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Dillard's, Macys', and Bloomingdales.  They've got everything here from Gap, Bath and Body Works, Louis Vuitton, and Victoria's Secret, to Steve Madden and Abercrombie & Fitch.  They also have the standard kiosks selling goods in the center of the walkways between stores, but I felt they aren't as bothersome or annoying as those at, say the Las Vegas Premium Outlets near downtown.Building up an appetite and thirst after so much shopping??  Don't despair, there's food court on the 3rd floor for your dining pleasure, as well as a mix of other eateries throughout the mall, including CPK.Bottom Line:  Fashion is alive and well at the Fashion Show Mall!
4	This mall is pretty great.  I didn't know what to wear for my 2nd night in Vegas so I went to the Forever 21 here and hit a jackpot of stuff.  They are definitely catering to a certain market (party girls) so if you are in need of an outfit before hitting the clubs, come here.  They also have a food court upstairs so if you're in need of a cheap quick bite and don't want to eat at any of the expensive restaurants in Vegas, come here (I got KFC and it was surprisingly uber derricious)
4	I enjoy coming here when I make a trip to Vegas. I can always find something cute at Zara and random finds at Macy's. My most recent trip I enjoyed a nice massage at Brookstone's while waiting for my ride. Overall, I'm a fan and you can always count on me coming here to check out the inventory. Lastly, there alway seems to be something going on when I come here. Nelly signing and today a Guess fashion show.
4	A mall the upholds the standards of las vegas, which is quite similar to that of sf/la when speaking of stores. They have a neimans, bergs, saks, macys, but I don't remember if they have a nordstroms. The forever 21 is obnoxiously big and I think this is to attract tourists. The size of this (an old jcp or sears or something, both floors... all of that) f21 is something I just stay away from. Otherwise a pretty great mall. The outside is designed to hold fashion shows, progressing towards the inside. And when there are no shows going on, there are a bunch of kiosks outside that try to attract the tourists. The other notable stores are zara and that one specialty dress store. I think the dresses are pretty, but all those dresses have is puffy paint.
4	When it's about shopping, that's a great pastime for me, because I just like to window shop unless I really have to acquire a need!, not a want. Fashion Show mall gives me just that in a city which have many, many shopping conveniences in most hotels. Major brands and fashion designers have made their names known by well-designed spaces in each of these Vegas hotels and casinos. In this mall are three levels of fashion and shopping pleasure. A good time for a leisurely walk in and out of shops.One thing about Fashion Show Mall is the hourly Fashion Show presented in its main floor on Thursdays to Sundays from 12 noon to 7 pm. A retractable runway on its floor boasts current fashion style and sensational display by models ramping on it in stylish outfits, shoes, hats, clothing and jewelry to shoppers who have taken the time to watch. This keeps everyone in tune with the latest fads, duds or traps in fashion trend. On the third floor is a Food Court when thirst and hunger calls. Reasonable priced eats. As Vegas is frequented by people from many different countries, an International Exchange booth can do just about exchange any foreign currency of Australian, Swiss, New Zealand, Mexico, Japan, Sweden, HongKong, Canada, and Euro to name just a few of the currency accessible for exhange to US Dollar. This is located in the Third Level at the Food Court. It is open Mondays to Saturdays from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and on Sundays from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Adjacent to this booth, anyone can access internet via an Internet Kiosk at a cost of 25 cents per minute. Fashion designer previews showcase, shopping galore.Fashion sense, money buys.
4	I don't know how you tourists do it--I get lost in this mall every time I go here, and that's roughly every other month. Who thought it was a good idea to put a giant, split-level mall in the same city where you can drink alcohol on the street? Maybe it was the same people who built our hotel/casinos--if the tourists can't get out, they'll be forced to spend more money on food and merchandise.Basically, there are just a few places worth shopping on the Strip: Fashion Show Mall has the largest variety of stores you'll probably recognize, but they're small; the Forum Shops have fewer, but larger stores; and the Miracle Mile has more unusual stores, which makes it pretty hit-or-miss. Fashion Show has the best fast food selection (Sbarro, Subway, Haagen-Dasz, Nathan's Hot Dogs, Great Wraps!, generic Chinese/Japanese food places, etc.) but the Forum Shops have more high quality restaurants. And if you have a lot of money to spend, just go straight to Crystals or Wynn.I will note a few things that prevent Fashion Show Mall from being awesome: Bloomingdale's... HOME. I was furious when I went to Chicago for the first time, saw Bloomingdale's advertised, assumed it was the magical place that I went to in New York and Los Angeles, and found out that it's a Bloomingdale's Home. This is one of those stores.The fashion shows that are put on on weekends are kind of cool, but it's very noisy and difficult to shop in that wing of the mall when the shows are going on because people think they don't want to stop and watch, but they really do, so they stand in the middle of the corridor and block traffic. The store selection is great. There's a two-story Forever 21 for those of you attentive enough to keep up with trendy, affordable clothing. There's Nine West, Gap (no Gap Body section, though,) Ann Taylor, a Banana Republic with the weirdest (but neat) layout I've seen, and other favorite mid-priced stores. Then, there are a few higher end stores, such as Coach and Nordstrom. Nothing too far out of reach. Then, there are the specialty stores, including Borders Express, Front Row Sports (which has a great selection of NHL stuff, I might add,) and, of course, a Las Vegas gift shop or two. Overall, it's a good shopping place for most shoppers, especially families. I would not recommend going here for jewelry or anything fancy--stick to the Forum Shops.
3	The mall was huge! I'm  not surprised though because a mall is a mall. There were so many stores to choose from but me and my gf only decided to go to 3.
4	This is pretty much a perfect mall - something for everyone in every price range. I love Nordstrom's, Louis Vuitton and Sak's. Typical mall stores include Chico's, Bath and Body, etc. It's big, but not too big and really easy to find your way around in. It takes some time to cover the entire mall, but that keeps me out of the casino so I'm actually saving money here!  Note to self: next vacation should be on a beach and not involve blisters on my feet. Or at least smarter about my shoes...when will I ever learn?Foods options are varied, from high end to typical food court. I've never eaten here, but have grabbed coffee and 1/2 show tickets (more reliable than those you get on the street).
5	I.Love.Shopping. Period. And I love the fashion show mall. Its full of awesome stores, fun tourists and if you are local you meet a lot of fun people :)
4	I love going to the Fashion Show mall because there's something for everyone here.  Walking distant from quite a few hotel resorts.  The decor is fabulous.  It has a really fun environment.
2	It's a mall. That being said the best part of this mall is the way it made my mind wander to think about just how the concept came to be....Mall Bigwig #1: So we need a mall in Vegas so that tourists can come in and drop their winnings, but it has to be a VEGAS mall!Mall Bigwig #2: Well let me blow your mind with this idea. How about a mall that's centered around a runway so that we can showcase clothes too small and too expensive for 90% of our customers!?!Mall Bigwig #1: Holy shit! You weren't kidding! My mind is now sufficiently blown! We'll get on it right away! What an incredibly inane idea, but that said there are some decent stores here as well as some interesting kiosks.
4	Its one of the larger more traditional big city type malls in Vegas. Lots of department stores and tons of stores. Nothing too fantastic but it is worth checking out if you are looking for the normal shopping in Vegas.
4	On a Saturday, I walked from the Monte Carlo to the Fashion Show Mall, but I definitely recommend taking The Deuce Bus. For $7 you get unlimited bus travel for 24 Hrs. This mall has a great selection stores! Some are hard to find in other places and some I have never even seen some of them before. However, branded stores like Neiman Marcus, Macy's and Dillard's had smaller selections than in many malls I have seen. Something I have noticed in Vegas is that there are a lot kiosks, tons of kiosks selling everything from gold dust facials to electric helicopters. After walking by a hundred of them they can become annoying, but the key is just to avoid eye contact.The food court shares the same variety as the stores do and I guarantee you'll leave full. Not a perfect mall, but nothing negative about it.
3	There's so much else to see and do in Vegas that I wouldn't bother spending my time here unless its absolutely freezing cold or scorching hot outside and you're just looking to spend some time indoors and not have to hop from hotel to hotel. It is a pretty nice mall though with one of the bigger indoor food courts I've seen anywhere.If you've got lots of money to spend, then this is a good spot to go shopping. Otherwise I'd check out one of the various outlet malls in the area around Vegas where you'll find much better deals on stuff.
3	One thing I don't like about shopping plazas in Vegas is all that my fav stores are all in different shopping malls.  This is a very nice mall but I wished they everything I like so I wouldn't have to drive to other places when shopping.Stores that I like that are missing:H&M is in Miracle Mile, Town Square and the Forum.Urban Outfitters is in Miracle Mile Stores that I come for:Shoe Palace but wished they had more Creative Recs to choose from.  They only carry the Cesario models.Levis but be sure to check out the outlets first for great savings.Other stores that I like here can be found in other places to such as Quicksilver, BillaBong, Vans, etc.They also have fashion runway shows they hold occasionally.  Its a nice looking Mall though, don't get me wrong.  The 3 stars is just my own bias opinion because of the stores I like aren't here.  4 stars for the interior, spacious, clean, and no annoying kiosk people bothering when you walk by.
5	thank you fashion show mall for breaking my bank!!!  i loved every dollar spending moment of it.  anytime i want to blow a majority of my money in vegas, i come to fashion show mall :)  it pretty much has everything you could ever need.  and it's big...real big.  i think i could live here.
5	A really fun and interesting mall. Has a handful of the department stores a girl could need such as saks, nords, neimans and there's also a macy's for everyone else. There's an obnoxiously large forever 21 which used to be a sears, I believe. I try to avoid that area. There's also an lv for the tourists, and a lot of other stores, I like to call it an all in one. Try to be here when there's actually a "fashion show" outside, when they make use of the runway they have... which is why they call it "fashion show" mall. Get it? Yeah....
2	nice mall, very deceiving. looks small from outside (like everything in vegas) and really opens up. RA Sushi outside, is great and has an amazing happy hour. some pretty unique shops and the las vegas 'regulars' like luis vetton or however you spell it. good fun place to walk around at. WARNING it is not as fun of a mall as the venetian, ceasars, etc. it  is a pretty normal mall. so if your all mall-ed out by the time you make it up that far on the strip, eat at RA and head on.
4	So many stores & they all seemed different.  My only complaint is that the mall was a bit difficult to navigate.  Maybe its just that in Ohio there are only a few levels to the mall and all run the entire length of the mall.  At this mall, there are many levels and some only contain a few stores.  The idea of fashion shows in a mall is very cool though.  We saw the guess fashion show while we were just walking around.
3	This place is huge. You can get wore out just from walking all the stores. I think is 3 stories.
3	Considering how much shopping is nearby, it is hard to know exactly how to rate this mall. It has many fine stores, but so does the Forum Shops, or up the street at the Venetian, or just about any other direction you decide to roam!It is interesting to see the actual floor that raises up to become the fashion show runway, but I doubt that is a compelling enough reason to come here over anywhere else.
4	As good as any mall I've been, anywhere. Perhaps even better, because it is NOT overly crowded, and it's just...I don't know. Pleasant. Which is so not true of the majority of malls (Beachwood? suck it!).This is called the "Fashion Show Mall," which is hilarious, because it's not like you can't walk in there in a scrubby t-shirt and shorts (case in point: ME). There's a runway on at least one level, which totally made me have an idea for America's Next Top Model -- runway challenge in the Fashion Show Mall! Wearing only stuff you grabbed from the stores ten minutes before with a budget of $100!!!! That would be, like, a sock and a hair barrette. But anyway. I'm poor and even I was able to afford some stuff here.Walking distance (as in, across the street) from the Wynn. Which is super convenient. I can't bring myself to give it five stars, though. Not sure why. Maybe because I hate malls in general?! But this mall is very good.
4	good pizza in there. lol
3	I like to shop here about as much as I like a fork stabbed in my eye. This mall is just painful. But it does have random bad fashion shows (no, I'm not referring to the bad tourist fashion, but actual runway shows). And it is the only place in Vegas with a Limited. Plus, this is where Stripburger (best burger and fries in Vegas) is located. And it is super large and has just about every typical mall store you could want (if you like that kind of thing).
3	very good mall has all the stores. closest thing i have seen to south coast plaza in orange county. but why not 4 star and 3 star? here is why: i always have a hard time finding restrooms in this mall. you have to walk for 10 min to find restrooms. its not only me, my friend said the same thing about this mall.
3	This mall is extremely overwhelming! I love shopping but not on vacation. I guess most stores at this mall are usually at the high-end of prices. Tiffanys, Bloomingdales, designer jean stores. But then there's an enormous forever xx1 (3 huge stories!) and that store is fairly cheap and extremely affordable.I like the outside part of the mall than the actual inside. This mall kind of takes away the 'vegas' vibe to it. Honestly, it is just like any other mall you would shop at.I didn't like the way the mall is constructed, it is kind of difficult to maneuver around the mall.It is definitely nice to come here, chill, order a drink/eat and enjoy the AC.I like the atmosphere of the miles shop mall and the caesar's palace forum shops.
5	the employees in quicksilver are by far some of the best customer service I have ever encountered anywhere. the girl that checked me out was Jenna...she was awesome! and there was another girl and guy there that were equally nice and helpful...didn't catch their names tho sry. was there on a weds late afternoon..hope some big wig boss reads this review and gives them all a big thank you for being excellent at their job... thank you !!!
3	I love the shops here but it is such a pain in the ass if you ever want run in to grab something and jet out due to the (weird) strategic layout thanks to the people who designed this mall. There is a mall similar to this frustrating maze back in San Diego, it's called Horton Plaza. The difference is that the one back in SD is outdoors and this one is not and there are plenty of places to sit and hangout in Horton Plaza vs. Fashion Show, it's too pretty to have loiters lol. I just don't get these designs though, there are so many shops that are not seen unless you walk by them, they're hidden-- so why design the layout as such? Not only do you feel like a rat in a maze, the parking is CRAP, most especially during the holidays. Nowadays I only come here for one store (and I can spend hours and many, may dollars there) or to have lunch with old colleagues. It's a great place to browse around and spend a few hours shopping or eating, especially if you're dining at one of the restaurants that overlook the strip, otherwise, it's an irritating trip to make if you're in a hurry.
5	The Fashion Show Mall, I was curious about this mall on why it was called that. This was actually my first time going to this mall, because usually I go to the outlet stores that is surrounding this mall. Don't judge me I am filipino so anything on sale count me there first before hitting up a real mall!When we arrived I was amazed at how big this mall was, it was huge!! We started walking being on the third floor and we saw downstairs that there were people sitting down around an area, people also standing, so we stood too. Two minutes later the lights dimmed, and the stage rose up and it became a runway, it was simply amazing! They first were show casing Express, which so happens to be one of my favorite stores to shop in, so basically models both males and females dressed up in the Express fashion and walked down to model, I seriously loved that I got to see what they wear and stuff. Big and I mean Big kudo's for having some awesome dub step music playing during the fashion show!! This mall has a lot of stores, and a huge forever 21!! I got thirsty so we decided on going to the food court, and oh my goodness it is huge too! Reminds me of the Philippines!!! Seriously though, this mall probably had almost every store I can imagine, ranging from shoes, clothing, food, electronics...just everything! If this was a mall that I lived near, it would be my favorite mall and a mall I would always go to daily! But being in Vegas...yeah....thats too far!If you haven't made your way to this mall, make sure you at least go once because seriously it is an awesome mall! And the fact that they actually have a fashion show is pretty much the cherry topping! - Ssp
3	I like the Fashion Show because it is home to the local three horsemen of the shopocalypse (see what I did there?): Nordstrom, Saks and Neiman, none of which have great customer service but all of which count as boutique shopping in Vegas. Please note that I emphasize "in Vegas".Fashion show is also home to what is apparently the largest Forever 21 in the US (possibly the world) as well as Louis Vuitton, Coach, Betsey Johnson and other shops which I can't be bothered to name drop for this review. It has a decent selection of restaurants (in addition to your standard food court fare) that you can fuel up at mid or post-shopping that include the NM Cafe, CPK, Maggiano's and a cool little place called StripBurger which I definitely recommend. They have most of the mall staples like GAP, J.Crew, Brookstone, Macy's, Victoria's Secret, Bebe, etc., but is also home to an Apple store (which didn't used to be such a common occurence here), Teavana, Zara and several others which you may not find around town. Note: avoid this mall during the season of capitalsim aka Christmas/Chanukah/post-thanksgiving. I know everyone says that at every mall, but Fashion show is particularly messy because most of the available parking is in an underground garage and let me tell you, nothing will drive your blood pressure through the roof than getting stuck down there. Overall, for this born and raised local, this mall is decent.
4	Nice mall.  Good variety of stores!  I always come here when in Vegas!  I might add that shopping is part of my vacation experience!  Nice selection of department stores as well.
4	My kind of mall. This mall has everything you can possibly need while on vacation or otherwise. The mall really serves a wide range of clientele from your Macy's to Saks and Niemen Marcus. They have your jewelry stores, specialty clothing stores and ABC convenience store (which while in Vegas I always hit up for their 99 cent Nestle waters). The food court is large with a glass window overlooking the strip towards the Wynn. A good variety of food offerings from Wendy's, steak sandwiches, Hot Dog on a Stick, Greek, Asian, Mexican, it's all there.Located downstairs and facing the strip are several restaurants like Maggianos and El Segundo.It's a one stop shop.
5	Fashion Show mall is the best mall I have ever shopped at.  They have a huge selection of stores, that range from luxury (Neimans and Saks) to cheap (Forever 21).  In addition to the typical major chain stores such as Gap and Express, they also have more specialty stores such as ilori, True Religon and Lululemon.  If you are visiting Las Vegas, it is worthy our while to make a stop here.  They also have a couple decent places to eat (Ra sushi and Maggianos). The layout of the mall can be a bit difficult at times, as there are three different levels, that don't always connect.  If you are driving here, parking can be a bit of a pain during peak times.  Overall great mall, but don't expect your stop here to be quick.
5	Love this MALL!  They had a fashion show during my visit.  It showed off the clothes at certain stores.  They have different stores from the regular malls and the sales are not shabby!I only wished I had more time (like 2 days for the mall).
4	Lets see:  No talking statutes, No gondolar rides, no dessert passages, no crazy upscale I cannot understand why this is $7,000 stores....Just a very good mall with very solid anchors and interesting specialties...Need an experience like flames zipped at you...go somewhere elseNeed to find something reasonable to wear...go to the Fashion Mall
5	My wifes favorite place in Vegas
4	Let's say that you are in Las Vegas and need to update your wardrobe or need a special outfit for the night on the town, then you better head over to Fashion Show Mall, because this is the place to hit up. with a plethora of of shops ranging from Abercrombie to Nordstrom, you are sure to find something here. The mall isn't the best laid out and when they expanded many years ago, they probably should have put a little more thought and effort into it. However, that being said if you had a mall map you can certainly navigate your way around the mall to find the shops you want to hit up. Wear comfortable shoes cause the distance can be far...heck, you are in Vegas, you should be wearing comfortable shoes anyway!While it is called "Fashion Show" they do have a number of other shops that cater to health and wellness, sports and media (cds and such) if you want to do some shopping for those types of items as well.The parking lot is a little tricky to navigate and be sure to make a note of where you parked, otherwise you might not make it back. They do offer a valet parking option, which is certainly worth considering. It's an upscale mall...of course they have valet parking!On Friday-Sunday in the afternoons, they have a live fashion show every hour showcasing various trends which is pretty cool to see. Be sure to get there early to watch them raise the stage and the back room area, it's pretty interesting and cool.
3	Fashion show is great, except for the high dollar prices throughout the entire place. My girl and I went there to look around and waste a few minutes, with a couple things in mind we wanted to price out. Needless to say we didn't buy anything at first, but the lady went back to buy a build-a-bear for a cuddly friend for our soon-to-be-welcomed baby girl!! (late August)The store selection is pretty awesome, but there are a few stores that never should have opened in the first place. A couple of my more favorite spots are no longer there, and my girls favorite place Metropark is closing shop too.Guess I don't have a lot more to say, but I'm just not a huge fan of any kind of mall, especially one that has higher prices like this mall. Now, I'm not rich, I don't pretend to be, and even if I was, you won't be finding me buying $300+ jeans or a douchey bedazzled $200 button up shirt for the sweet clubs! A lot of that can be found at this mall, especially this mall, in this town, at this location right on the strip....anywho, average 3 stars from me. It's a-ok if i have to find something that isn't at one of the outlets or a specialty store I know of
4	I wouldn't put this mall at the top of my list of things to do, but it's definitely a cool place to walk around. Basically just a mall but with a lot of popular brand names. I purposely didn't pack too much because I was staying at Treasure Island and Fashion Show is right next door. Soooo although it took the strength of 8 men to close my luggage, my new goodies came home safely. If you're a shopper, come here. It's just a mall with no gimmicks, just shops and other shoppers.
4	Basically, this is a big version of a mall you would see anywhere else in America. That's plenty enough for me as we don't have many of the larger versions of chain stores in Seattle (plus high sales tax.) It has all the typical chain stores like Zara, Forever 21 etc., so this is great if you need something to wear tonight and don't want to break the bank hitting up the designer stores of the Wynn etc.It doesn't have the cool factor of the Forum Shoppes, but if there's an item you wanted and they didn't have it at the smaller store in your hometown, head here and take it for what it is.
4	While I enjoy wandering around the themed Forum Shops and the glitzy Miracle Mile Shops, I love coming to the Fashion Show Mall because it doesn't have as big of a crowd as the other two.  When I want to shop, I dont necessarily want to deal with giant crowds as well. Plus, I'm not always going to be able to afford shopping at the high end boutiques, so coming here provides me with the chance to find items that I can purchase without feeling guilty and hiding my credit card statement (from myself).There is a large selection of stores, ranging from a GIGANTIC forever21 to department stores like Neiman Marcus. You can find items that fit any range of budget, which is definitely nice. Plus, there are two Starbucks inside the mall, which give it a thumbs up in my opinion.
4	This looks like a mall that's grown piecemeal, and from the outside, it looks like a secret tunnel to Area 51.  But there's a lot of good stuff in here, from discount theater tickets, to a pretty nice salon, to a few outlet stores and all the major chain department stores.  The food court, although I didn't try it, seemed to have quite a few choices also.  Parking is a bit of a pain compared to other places in Nevada and California.
3	This place is cool if you're like me--forgot to pack the extras for hitting the clubs. You can score all your nightclub gear here.But honestly, the stores were no different than the ones I'm accustomed to at home. It's the same selection of stores. Plus, I'm always in NYC so I do most of my shopping there anyway. Maybe I'm just spoiled *shrugs* (By the way: If you Vegas regulars want to hip me to better shopping spots, I'm down! :) Leave me a message.)The Sanrio store filled me with glee, though! I got my spend on in there. How can a true girly-girl NOT like Hello Kitty? :D
3	This is a nice mall with great shopping selections: Nordstroms (the only one around?! so weird!) Neimans, Bloomies, Saks, French Connection, etc. The thing I didn't get is why DID they build this mall? If you're a tourist shopping, you'll prob wanna stay on the strip, or go to the outlets which are 2.5 seconds away and have ALOT of the same stores. I guess I did see some locals but they were all teenagers hanging out, so again I figured ANY mall would do, not necessarily this fancy pants mall. Oh well. Would I go back? Maybe if the Nordstroms gets it $h!t together.
5	The only place in town to do your shopping.  Beware of Johnny rockets though.  $8 for a small shake was scary.  I have no idea what they are charging for a burger.  In fact I don't want to know.
3	The stores here didn't really impress me . Basically , you can find these stores anywhere else in America . This is not the best place to shop but it has better and more shops than the Miracle Mile shops and it's nice to have a mall in Vegas that doesn't just sell high-end stuff just in case you get bored .
5	To beat the heat while shopping, this place has got whatever your heart desires. It has a great mix of stores from Forever 21 to Louis Vuitton. You'll also find department stores such as Nordstrom, Macy's, Saks, and Neiman Marcus. This is what I love about Las Vegas and this mall. We have all the special boutiques and shops that other cities may also have...but it's all in ONE PLACE.And if you work up an appetite, there are numerous food options throughout the mall. Besides the typical food court, you have restaurants and cafes spread throughout the premises. You can grab some some Auntie Anne's cinnamon sugar stix or a full meal from one of the several restaurants (Maggiano's, Capital Grille, and CPK).My favorite places here:-Dillards - they have great sales-Nordstrom - so glad Vegas has one of these. We didn't for a very long time.-French Connection - this place is now my #1 location since the premium outlet location closed down-Forever 21 - this place is HUGE!-Hot Dog on a Stick - the cheese stick and cherry lemonade make for a tasty treat-Paul Frank - do yourself a favor and visit the end of the mall along Las Vegas Blvd. We are lucky to have a location here.Happy Shopping!
4	I like the Fashion Show mall. Good for people watching and the free samples of teas and chocolate is a plus. And if you catch it at the right time the Model Show is a nice deterrance from the hustle and bustle of the strip.
4	When you're in Vegas and is in a need for some shopping, Fashion Show Mall is the ideal place to be. This place is not super difficult to find, considering its architectural design...the "flying saucer" is what I call, lol! This mall literally has almost all my favorite stores in one spot. I still remember getting my very Guess bag here. Walking into the stores, the workers are very friendly and provide substantial customer service. Prices may vary from store to store. And I am definitely coming back here when I'm in Vegas. :D
4	"I'm too sexy for this mall... And I do a little turn on the catwalk." Right Said Fred needs to visit this mall. Haha. My favorite part about this mall is the catwalk. I did a few model turns and I could swear there was a spotlight following us. Simple cheesy fun! This mall was a nice air-conditioned shortcut from our visit off the strip. It's right near the Encore, Wynn, and Treasure Island hotels.
3	I wasn't drunk when I went here...though I feel like the atmosphere is too busy. I was over stimulated and felt like I had vertigo HAHA!Need I must say this is day time stimulation! Don't get me wrong, it's a good mall. Variety of stores, I always come here when I touch done in LV.One good note is their "Shoe Palace" is the size of a Palace, why is it so huge? I loved it! I have never seen such a big Palace of Shoes, ya get it? LOL
4	A trip to Vegas isn't complete until you've exhausted yourself walking up and down the floors of this mall.  It's HUGE.  Come prepared with your comfy walking shoes - this is not the place for your stilettos, ladies.  If you get too tired,  California Pizza Kitchen is a great lunch stop (try the tapas) and RA Sushi is a fab place to hang out for happy hour and an early dinner.There's a nice mix of low to high end stores, so I'm sure you can find something here...I always do.
3	Maybe it's just me? Maybe I'm just not a mall person. Whatever it is, I just didn't like the Fashion Show Mall. It reminded me of the typical mall that I can find at home. It was over-crowed and the crowd had an immature vibe. I think my happiest moment in that mall experience was finally seeing Zara. It is not located in my state so I was excited to finally see the famous Zara. However, I was slightly underwhelmed by the store, but that was my fault for having such high expectations. I give it a three stars, however, because it's a mall and it functions as a mall. While I usually don't like the atmosphere of malls, it's a good place to find clothes because of the variety of stores. I'm sure that people will be able to find some good items in here. I think the Fashion Show Mall is perfect for the type of people who go vacation to shop.
4	I like this mall a lot, but I get a headache EVERY EFFIN TIME I come!  I seriously think it has to do with the massive amount of cologne/perfume you can smell walking it.  Or maybe I just have a real heightened sense of smell....?They have a ginormous Forever 21 (just like in Cerritos, CA) but I couldn't find anything this time around. Nothing in Wet Seal either :/  Usually I leave with something but I had bad luck this weekend. The layout/architecture of this mall is so random.  You have to come here to kind of see what I'm talking about.  They have a nice food court too.  Me having worked in a mall for most of my working career, I can appreciate a mall with a good food court.  They have some higher end stores so be ready to ball out!
2	I've been to many malls in my lifetime, and this one isn't that much different than others in the variety of stores. I will say one thing about this mall is that it's rather confusing. It's like two different malls combined together. Having never been in this mall before we were looking for a store on the lower level... so we went to the lowest level we could get to, only to find out that in order to get to the store we wanted, we actually had to go UP escalators to get to it. Apparently lower level is different depending on what part of the mall you are in. Also to get from one end of the mall to the other, you need to go up and down escalators in order to do so. We were going from Lens Crafters to the food court. Top level, okay... go up escalators, walk way ends, have to go down to continue I journey for sustenance. Then back up, then up again. Sure after a couple of trips around the mall you figure it out, but for a first timer... yea, watch out!.
4	Hey when it is 105 degrees outside and you don't want to be in it check out the Fashion Show Mall. It's clean, newly built when I don't know but it's large and cozy and spacious. This is the place to check out discount tickets in one of the many stores and services available in Vegas. Check it out!
3	The Fashion Show Mall is a place to see and be seen. The high class department stores and shops draws in a certain crowd and it feels like very little shopping gets done. I am a big fan of walking the malls. I love the outdoor ones, but when summer is in full effect, I engage in some A/C perusing. While I love some window shopping, sometimes you want to walk out with something to show for it and I consistently leave empty handed. There are rarely any deals worth taking advantage of. Although the Fashion Show is home of my favorite stores, I would rather go to Town Square or the outlets to get Banana Republic, GAP, or Express.The plus side is that this mall often holds fashion shows or cool events on the rise up stage near the Apple Store.
4	80% of the time when I want to go shopping and willing to go further than Meadows Mall, I'll go to this place. First of all, this is Vegas, so I won't even bother to shop at Premium Outlets or Town Square during the summer. This place is perfect, considering there aren't many other malls in Vegas.This mall has most of the stores that I like to stop by, most importantly the huge Forever 21. They have pretty cheap stuff  to high end stuff like Saks Fifth Avenue and LV. I haven't been to the food court for like a year or two, but the experiences that I have with it were good. There are also other restaurants that you can choose from, California Pizza Kitchen and Maggiano's are my two favorite ones and if you have a chance, you must eat at those 2 places.
5	Designer Shops? CHECK.This place is grand. Prada, Louis Vuitton, and Yves are all here. The place features high-end as well as consumer priced (not high end, lol) shops. I loved walking around the mall. It is window shopping heaven. There is nothing more snobby  and enthralling than having a minimum wage employee scoff at you despite your Louis bag, Kenneth Cole dress, and Chanel shoes.It is snob heaven. lol.
4	The place has a cool design and it's fun to walk around.The food court on the top level is great. The only problem is how much you have to walk to finally reach it sometimes, depending on where you are in the mall since it's so huge.
5	Best mall in town.
3	MEH...its a mall....I wasn't impressed by much of it...it was like any other mall out there.
3	The Fashion Show Mall Is very nice with It's shic-modern decor and can definitely appeal to the visitors eye...however locals know that for good deals this not the best place for It...although they do have GREAT deals sometimes and the food court has a WIDE variety of eateries.
4	Nearly any store you can imagine is here. They have high end and low end stores, a great food and the occasional runway show.It is dominated by tourist, but it's pretty convenient for locals to get to while still avoiding the strip.If you're a tourist, I highly recommend. If you're local I'm sure you go at least once in awhile.. Change it up and check out the food court, Maggiano's or Stripburger/
4	Very nice mall with unique stores, excellent underground parking.  Wayne Gorsek
3	I used to LOVE this mall.  Maybe I'm jaded since I live near South Coast Plaza but it just doesn't do it for me anymore.  BUT, they have an ABC store, so an extra star for that!
5	One of my abs favorite malls ever.  I know shopping is prevalent everywhere in vegas but I feel like I have to park in a casino in order to get there (Forum shops, Miracle Mile...)  but this is a mall that is just a mall.  But not just a mall and Amazing Shopping paradise.  So many stores spanning the whole spectrum of prices.  Not that they have anything very cheap (sorry old navy fans!)  But it does have some pretty cool fashion shows which are cool and quite unique to this mall.  I like the idea of seeing something then going to the store to see how it would look on me.  I always end up walking out with a whole extra bunch of stuff that I know I shouldn't have.  But i guess i'm never really disappointed when I shop here.
3	Nice indoor mall to take a break from the gambling and the drinking and the shows. The fashion show itself was a blaah but the mall is nice and has some good food options with a california pizza kitchen and a lot of others. They have an underground parking structure which is convenient,  a nice change from the usual Vegas events
3	The layout is definitely not Fashion Show's strong suit, and their parking garage is a semi pain in the ass... but... this place gets the job done. It has all the trademark stores that comprises of the standard U.S shopping center/mall/experience.  The upside is that you have quite a selection of your high end department stores (ie. Neiman Marcus, Saks, Nordstrom, Macy's, does Dillard's count?, and Bloomingdales).  This Boomingdales only carries home and furniture though.  Still, that's pretty impressive considering most other malls usually have two or three at most.  Anyway, it has plenty for you to shop from and caters to all those ballin' on whatever budget. I like that they have a whole other level dedicated to the food court, and  aplenty of sit down restaurants w/ awesome happy hour specials outside (great for people watching!).  I really don't make much of an effort to come here since it's a hassle just going through parking, but I'll occasionally make my way out if I'm looking for designer pieces.  The casinos seem less appealing to me.  For a place in Vegas the hours are ridiculous.  They close pretty damn early.  That sucks cause people do like to go shopping after 9pm.  Also, being that it is Vegas, it would be nice to have the option of running to the mall real quick if you happen to need something that you've forgotten (speaking as a previous Vegas visitor)!  Not a big deal, just know that this place closes early, especially on Sundays.
5	I felt a great sense of welcoming in this store, they gave me tips w/o having to feel like making a purchase. Very knowledgable individuals
4	Very large mall located across the Wynn. We stayed at the Palazzo and it was in easy walking distance. All your major department stores: Macys, Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, etc... and all the other stores that are located in your local mall at home. Very clean and well kept with lots of ample parking and valet if you can't find a spot. Food court is huge! Nice break from gambling and drinking!
5	This mall is huge!!It has every store you need just in case you leave something at home or want to change an outfit you packed for Vegas. They have high end stores, as well as low end stores such as Forever 21. Speaking of Forever 21, it is about the size of MACYS at the Fashion Show Mall.Parking is free!
4	I don't get the complaints.  It's huge, lots of shops and choices, the kiosk people aren't overly aggressive or pushy.  It's easy to walk to from the strip.  It's HUGE, but the signs are directories are numerous and the big stores are well marked.
5	This mall is HUGE! I love it here. They basically have every single store you'll want. ohmygoodness, the Forever 21 there. Once you walk in, you feel like you walked into another mall. I was quite overwhelmed. I love Forever 21.
5	What could you not love about this mall?1.) parking is super easy and available on several sides of the property so that you can more quickly and efficiency reach the stores you're looking for. Call a store and ask if you should come in through Fashion Show Dr or Spring Mountain Rd, etc... It's easy :)2.) the store selection here is a shoppers heaven. From the top fashion and luxury brands to places most of us need to visit every now and then like the Apple Store, it's all there.3.) they have a brand new app you can download to always be aware of some of the latest specials going on, or simply see their directory of restaurants, stores, and more, all in one spot! :) I'm all about saving time and this app does just that for a shopper. 4. The mall is super clean and always got a great energy about it. Ever shipped at a mall where the atmosphere was just dead? Yea, Fashion Show is the opposite of that, you come alive there when you visit. Maybe it's the shopping euphoria that hits you, but either way you'll see how beautiful a mall this is when you visit.5. and lastly I'd just say plan to spend a while here. I recommend starting at the Starbucks so you have plenty of energy for the day. :) Enjoy everyone! I hope my tips and review help you. Happy Shopping :)Henry :)
4	A large mall with plenty of upscale stores and restaurants.  A little bit tricky to navigate with various entrances and escalators.
4	Typical mall on the strip in Vegas.  And it has a Nordstrom so duh I love it.
4	I like the Fashion Show. I never really liked the Meadows or the Boulevard and I've never really been to the mall in Henderson so ... I'm a creature of habit and I tend to go back to what I like and I like the Fashion Show. Lots of shops and with the holiday season, kiosks of all sorts of trinkets and gadgets. Lots of places to eat and tons of parking. I've never seen a lot of riff raff and the mall is generally kept pretty clean. The anchors are "nicer" stores as opposed to places like Sears or JC Penney's. Macy's, Bloomingdales, Saks, Nordstrom and Dillards. btw, it's a huge mall!
4	I really liked this mall. Alot of the stores in Vegas are filled with high end uber expensive merchandise but this is your normal mall with just about every store you could think of plus a great food court. Its located near Treasure Island and Encore. On a nice day you could walk to this from anywhere on the strip. My favorite store was Forever 21 it was 2 stories and had a great selection of clothes, so much better than any forever 21 I've been to around here in Maryland. There were also some pretty cool kiosks, for example the hubby happenned to stop by a kiosk that had dvds for teaching you magic. Supposedly this company only has 2 kiosks in the country right now. The tricks we learned are pretty cool, looking forward to showing them off over christmas.
4	This mall is where it's at whoop whoop!! LOL wow huge mall with too many stores to remember. They have all the department stores as well as nice restaurants to eat. It gets super packed in here of course and parking seems impossible :-/ we were seriously driving around forever just to park super far away from the entrance to the mall. I still enjoyed this place I just recommend more parking places please lol.
4	They have everything you need here!  From Designer to chain stores!  You name it!  Love the architecture of the building!  It definately stands out from the strip and a must place to visit, if you love shopping.
4	This is a pretty good mall with a lot of stores!There's a lot of people who come shop here, so for some parts of the mall, it's a bit hard to make your way around.They don't have all my favorite stores here, but I'm satisfied with what they have. I will definitely include this mall as one of the stops I need to make whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	This is a huge mall and there are a lot of shops you can pick from. They have Macys, Wet Seal, Forever21, Guess, Express, etc etc. Just a bunch of them and I am glad I got to go here for window shopping. ;)It gets pretty crowded here at some areas, and sometimes I just want to find a seat! But there are just way too many people filling up the seats and shopping around blocking my way. They also feature a fashion show here, but I didn't get a chance to see it! :(Overall there are just way too many shops for me to go to them all! It gets pretty overwhelming, but is a great place to find clothes.
5	I love this mall. It has most every store you would need with the exception of Juicy, Bloomingdales (clothes) and a Disney Store (for the kiddos).  Just wish it had better hours (longer) and I didn't have to go to the strip to get there.
3	High end shopping mall. Bought a pair of Skechers at the Skechers store for my aching feet.
4	Usually like to visit Vegas to go shopping at their outlet malls but when I am feeling baller-ish we usually go to the Fashion Show Mall. It's actually one of my favorite malls as there are low end and high end stores there. One of the biggest attractions there is the fashion shows they usually have. Because it was the holidays they had a whole little Christmas get up with dancing girls and a Santa Claus that looked oh so real. Anyway, they have a large selection of stores and they have lots of parking.
4	Very nice shopping mall with a wide variety of stores and good sales.  Be sure to ask for the discount offered to out-of-state residents by Macy's.
4	This mall has it all:  Stores, restrooms, places to sit, people.......Yes there is a cool runway show that you can see with some neat technology on display (moving stage), but what makes the Fashion Show Mall so wonderful is the lack of awkward, snotty teenagers.  Even though most of us used to be those same awkward teens, we're not anymore, so we can look down on them with disdain.  This is a place to come shop, people watch, buy expensive things you shouldn't, and enjoy an afternoon.  The parking garage can get crazy, so take a deep breath and just be patient, a spot will open up.
4	Other than the weirdness of the levels, this is how I think a mall should be. Vegas is a shop til you drop town, but most malls either cater to the budget conscious or the money is no object crowd.   Whether you are shopping for food, clothes, jewelry or some other things there are several price ranges represented.  Because of that, and parking is off of Spring Mountain instead of the strip it fronts, locals shop here as well as tourists.  Even to tourists it draws from all the three other corners.(Wynn/Encore, Venetian/Palazzo, Treasure Island).  Bonus points: Sur la Table is there:-)
3	It'll do in a pinch.  But OMG, the kiosk salespeople are soooo annoying I usually stay away.  They will jump in your path.  They will scream, "Excuse me, maam/sir!" loudly and rudely to get you to look.  Some of them have even tried to grab me.  Umm... excuse me, that is battery and I will press charges.I like parking in the middle parking structure just next to the entrance to Saks Fifth Avenue.  There always seems to be parking and you can easily get into the middle of the mall from there.  Plus the people in Saks are actually nice!Getting out is a bit of a pain in the ass, especially if you want to go east.The Forever 21 is huge! Two stories AND it has a maternity section.  I'm too old to shop there, but it's interesting nonetheless.They do little fashion shows on a popup runway every hour or so at the west end of the mall.  Lots of nice couches throughout.  It will get an extra star if they get the kiosk salespeople under control.
3	Fashion Show is a mega mall with almost all the brand stores you can think of. It's a great place to get a lot of shopping out of the way and you can spend the whole day there. But like a regular mall the sales are not really that big of a sale (except for Macys, who are always on sale with discount on top). If you like to look and browse for deals and steals, I would go over to the outlets. This place is good for out of towners who like to shop and really good for international travelers because the prices are cheaper than where they live.
3	I've only been here twice in the years I've lived here, and last night I was walking through on my way to El Segundo Sol.  There are a couple of place of note for me--the Apple Store which is fun just to go in and look.  The free wifi is always nice if you need it.  My other spot of note is the Starbucks in about the center.  There's a large sitting area there where you can have your coffee and people watch.After dinner, I walked through the mall from east to west and back.  I was amazed at the number of places that have absolutely nothing of interest for a person of my age.  It really is a young peoples' mall for the most part.Still, it's a a fun place to pass a little time that I needed to kill until it was time to leave for a show - not a fashion show.
3	My mom and I walked here on our last day in Vegas.  We wandered about the mall looking for some good stores.  We just basically mindlessly wandered.We bought some phone bling at a guy at one of the kiosks, perused the food court, got accosted by the nail lady--you know, the usual ;)It was a mall.  I guess I'm just spoiled by Woodfield Mall in IL because that's what it felt like!
3	This mall is always busy and while the kiosk-ninja's drive me a little crazy (especially the card trick guys; I loathe magicians) I usually find what I need there. The layout is just a little odd, particularly trying to get to Macy's from the escalators near Guess, but with a little patience you can figure it out.  If you are trying to get to the Apple store, Dillars, Z Gallerie etc, try entering through Nordstroms; there is a valet there and it's a lot quicker.
4	Love going here for the food court for a quick meal.
4	My favorite mall in town. There's something for everyone, not just the more expensive department stores. There are a lot of food options, a variety of great stores, and some cool stuff to look at (fashion show, flying saucer like thing on the roof of the food court, etc). There are plenty of local malls that are closer, but if I really need to find something, this is my go to place. It's especially good if you have friends or family in town who want to go to the mall.
5	i was very surprised on how this mall turned out! one of the biggest mall ive been to and it has everything you could look for (kind of. haha) Forever21, H&M, Vans, Nordstrom, Macys, Gap and a whole lot of stores. its called Fashion Show mall for a reason, i havent been there to experience an actual Fashion Show, im thinking they have it on certain days, i guess? i need to be there whenever there is one. parking really is difficult to come by so id suggest being patient on finding one. food court on the 3rd floor is pretty good, although not as good as the food courth here in Hawaii, im satisfied on the selections there
5	I love this mall ! it has every store i love.They have Steve madden, chinese laudry, and some british stores, and theyre also building a TOPSHOP up by spring !!!! how awesome is that.Their forever 21 is hugee, i think from what i heard thats the biggest one in america.it has everything, lol its a girls best place to go on a shopping retail spree !!
4	Definitely the "it" mall in Vegas. Right on the Strip, with stores galore. Everything from Neimans & Nordstroms to a huge Forever 21.  It is kind of a maze and a madhouse there, and parking can be a pain, but once you are inside, you could spend hours and hours there. One thing I like is that there's plenty of seating in case you get tired, and a good selection of food choices as well- not just the typical mall food court fare. One rather odd thing is that they do tend to close pretty early, especially for Vegas.
5	Man!! This has to be in my top 5 favorite malls I've ever been to. It has everything and every store you can possibly shop at except for a target and a walmart. lol
3	Don't buy any Las Vegas souvenirs until you check out this well stocked souvenir shop in the Fashion Show Mall.  It opens to the outside on the second floor facing the Strip.  Most of the merchandise is a step above the typical cheesy tourist souvenirs.  Among the nicer choices are several varieties of cute tote bags, an extensive collection of colorfully wrapped chocolates boxed as poker chips or wrapped with pictures of iconic Strip hotels and the best selection of refrigerator magnets in town.  My favorite souvenir was used decks of playing cards imprinted with logos from hotels around the Strip that were actually used in their casinos.  Best of all, they were less than $2 a deck.  I also picked up several $50 and $100 souvenir poker chips for 50 cents apiece.  I expected to sweep in and out quickly, but you should plan to spend some time perusing all the neat choices.
3	I've been here a lot with visiting family and friends and it's fun to gawk with them and play tourist with them.  FSM is clean and huge and offers a wide variety of mid to upper class labels spread out over a ginormous area.  The requisite department stores are anchors (Nordstrom, Dillards, Macy's, Saks, Bloomies, Neiman Marcus).  Food chains are well represented here as well (California Pizza Kitchen, Chipotles, Johnny Rockets, et al) as well as the cute little Red Velvet Cafe tucked under the escalators in the middle of the mall.  The new Topshop may or may not be an attraction for the trendy; my last visit to FSM was only a few days ago and I didn't see a lot of traffic in Topshop (or FSM in general), but then again, it's "winter" in Vegas.Great place for the standard shopping mall experience.
4	Personally, I love Fashion Show Mall! The main reason being it caters  vastly to  the different interests I have. This mall has everything from a Build-a-Bear to Saks Fifth Avenue. I always find myself running around like a giddy little girl from store to store.The great thing about this mall is that it caters to both locals and visitors. The locals can enjoy stores like Forever 21, department stores, and Shoe Palace to get their basic shopping needs done. For visitors, the variation in stores offers a great opportunity for you to take out your kids in a city that really isn't kid friendly. You can take your children to stores like Sanrio, Build-a-Bear, and Gamestop, to get them a souvenir that they will actually cherish from Vegas. For you ladies looking to spend some money, there are various high end shops such as Tiffany & Co., Louis Vuitton, and Coach. Each of these stores has exceptional customer service, and a welcoming atmosphere. I know there have been times where I felt intimidated to walk into some of these stores just to browse. Luckily, I have never felt that here at the stores in Fashion Show Mall.  The food court also offers a lot of different affordable food options. Taco Maker is a favorite of mine because the platters have a lot of tasty food for only about $7. There are other common options such as Sbarro, KFC, and Panda Express. Fashion Show is one of the better malls here in Vegas, so I definitely recommend you take care of your shopping needs here.
3	When I first visited Vegas years ago, Fashion Show was probably the shinest, blingiest mall in the entire Pacific time zone -- filled with the highest of high-end stores -- not to mention that weird flying saucer thing out front that I still can't really explain.  Back then, I was awed by Fashion Show's three sprawling levels that stretch from the Strip all the way back to the freeway.  I could wander through there all day and still uncover more interesting, boutique-y shops... Sadly, time has taken its toll on this venerable landmark of capitalism.The store selection has gone downhill.  Most of the boutiques have moved on to ritzier real estate on the Strip (read: the Forum Shops, Miracle Mile Shops, and the various hotel promenades).  The only thing left behind?  Vacancies.Even the signature fashion shows seem to have been cut back.  There weren't any on the day we wandered through here, and the info desk said none were planned any time soon.  Bummer.Don't get me wrong, the options are still solid.  It's home to what I believe is the only Zara on the Strip, which is always worth a stop.  And the Macy's is amazing.  It goes on forever and ever.But, beyond that, it's not much different from any run-of-the-mill Westfield property.  The upper level has a nice view of the Wynn/Encore complex, though.That's why it's perfectly three-star-worthy.
5	5 stars because it is my favorite mall in vegas!  Great stores and restaurants! The mall is very clean and feels kind of high end not like the other 3 (meadows, galleria, boulevard.
4	Four stars because it is my fav mall in Vegas- the store selection is fabulous. I took off one star because it takes forever to get around this place and the layout is confusing.
5	I would say that this is the best mall all around. It has everything you can ask for, and the selection of stores are good for any income. They have Louis Vuitton for the ballers and Forever 21 for the teenagers. You can find everything you need here and if it's not here, it probably doesn't exist. The unique feature about this mall is that they actually have fashion shows on the lower level during the weekend. There is a runway that raises up so the models can walk across with the spectators on the side. I usually find myself here when I have forgotten to pack something. That's pretty much every trip to Vegas so far.
3	I like malls.  I really do.  However, there's something about this mall I just don't like as much as some other local places.First of all, I'm not a fan of the layout with all the weird floors that suddenly end.  Sometimes I miss whole sections of shops because I don't feel like the mall "flows."  I love a lot of the stores, but something about this place just doesn't make me feel comfortable shopping here.  There is a pretty equal mix of teeny-boppers and trophy wives that create a really weird atmosphere.  I belong to neither one of those populations, so I often feel kind of out of place.  Also, some of the stores have REALLY snooty salespeople.  Sure, I sorta expect that of someplace like Louis Vuitton, but at a (really, really big) Forever 21?   Come on now.  It's not THAT cool.I'm sad this mall only has a Bloomingdale's home store.  Kinda weird for a mall of this size.  Maybe this is blasphemy, but I prefer the Galleria on Sunset.
4	Great location, high end stores such as Louie, Tiffany's, Niemans and many more.  It is a large mall in the middle of Las Vegas.  Fun restaurants just steps away, the only place in the world that has LIVE fashion shows on Friday, Saturday & Sunday starting at noon and going every hour.You've got all the big department stores, some smaller stores and your typical teenagers places (i.e. Forever 21, Lucky Brand Jeans).Food court has many choices, from Sub's to Panda and ice cream.
4	Next to Treasure Island and across from the Wynn. One of my favorite malls! I love the fact that this mall doesn't have so many twists and turns. Just either left or right and you will eventually end up on the strip or in the parking garage. So everything is pretty convenient. (Just remember where you parked because this mall is huge!)There are a lot of stores that you may like (Louis Vuitton, Lucky Brand Jeans, Macy's, Nordstrom, Forever 21, etc) and restaurants located inside and outside of the mall. This is better than the Planet Hollywood Mile Mall. I love the design and OMG! So many levels like South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa. I would definitely recommend this mall to everyone! =)
3	I really like his place, but seems like almost every time I come here, I don't really buy anything. I have yet to see everything at this store. Main reason why came here though is just cause it's probably the best mall here in Vegas. I like the concept of having a little fashion show in the middle of this mall, but then again its more of a tourist kind of thing and I'd probably won't see this thing a second time around. Even after I've been here a couple of times, I still haven't watched the fashion show more than once.Now a little bit about the mall, well you can pretty much find anything here that you can at any other local malls, so really nothing new here, just the fact that it's got the Vegas tag on it, meaning everything in Vegas is a must see, even though you probably have the same thing around your town.
3	This just like any other mall in the USA. Many stores just like other malls. Nothing really special compared to the other malls in Vegas. Closes early too compare to other malls in Vegas. It has more stores though, that's about it. This is the only mall on the strip which has the department stores. Best part is both the Deuce and SDX stops here,
5	One of my favorite malls in Vegas... They have just about everything money can buy here, even for shoppers on a budget like me. I love that this mall has all my girly little stores: Guess, Bebe, Guess by Marciano, Betsey Johnson, Arden B, Forever 21, Victoria's Secret, Bloomingdales, Saks 5th Avenue, Michael Kors, Macy's, MAC, Apple, Godiva, the list goes on and on...... It can get crowded on holidays and weekends, but who cares, it's Vegas. Cool for people-watching, and lots of nice restaurants inside. If you don't feel like sitting down for a fancy meal, they have a huge food court on the top level with a lot of different fast food options. On the 2nd level of the mall there is a runway that raises up from the ground, and every day around noon there is a live fashion show featuring local models. It's pretty neat, and entertaining at the same time. I could shop & eat here everyday if I had it my way ; )
4	Big anchor stores and wonderful brands with above average selection.
4	I love going to the mall and it is close Where I stay for vacation Yeay....!I will try to come here when I come to Vegas...!
3	TMZ has called this a "tacky" mall but it is far from the truth.  Full of high end stores such as Tiffany's, Louie, Niemans, etc this mall has something for everyone.  It hosts an Apple store, Build a Bear, Ann Taylor, White House Black Market, True Religion, Lucky Jeans, a super sized forever 21, a decent food court, Capital Grille, Stripburger, and many more.  They have fashion shows on the weekend with a runway that rises out of the floor.  Convenient to Treasure Island and the Wynn, this mall is far from tacky especially now that Joe Jackson took his Michael Jackson fragrance cart to Town Square.The mall layout is difficult to navigate as you can only get to certain parts from certain floors.  Parking is never a problem if you now where you are going but the garage is also poorly laid out.A 4.5 for selection of stores, a 2 for layout averages out to 3.25.
4	Fashion Show is a FABULOUS mall. Lots of stores and tons of parking & entrances. The only reason why this review doesn't get five stars is due to the fact that the escalators are SO confusing and only go every other level.
4	This was a great mall! There was a great  combination of Extremely pricey stores and nice budget items!  The food court has many things to choose from and it was very well lit, clean and friendly atmosphere.  It seems like you could spend more than one day looking at everything there.
4	This mall was directly across the street from where I was staying at The Wynn.It looks really cool from the outside. Inside is kinda boring, a switch from all the visuals you see in Vegas, but I was here to shop, so this really didn't matter.It has some major department stores - Macy's,  Nordstrom's, Neimen Markus, Saks.I spent lots of time in Macy's ! They also have a large food court, and a number of other places to eat and drink.Many other stores, Hot Topic, Fredricks of Hollywood, True Religion, Betsy Johnson, Tiffany, Louis Vuitton - just to name a few.They also had kiosks a plenty. My GF got a cool hair extention pony thing. They actually even styled it for her before we went out. They were nice, but the upsell was sure in full force! You could spend a lot of time and money here, but that's what Vegas is all about !
4	This place has two Starbucks. I've never seen a place with two of them. I guess people love that place. It's bright with wide isles. You would not know you are in the desert. It's as comfortable as a mall can be. There always seem to be some models showing something. This time was for papyrus. Every time I've gone it has been something different.
5	This mall is my 2nd fave next to Town Square. They have an amazing food court. They have Louis Vuitton, Nordstrom, and Neiman Marcus. The mall is the biggest in Vegas. I love it. They have a lot of stores that can keep me there for a long time. Banana Republic, Louis Vuitton, and Sunglass Hut.
4	simple mall same oh shops
5	I basicly live here ..
4	Most stores in here are pricey but they got the biggest forever 21 in Vegas and the awesome runway. Plus there are pretty good places to eat inside.
4	Nice mall with reasonably priced stores, and generally does not get crowded.  Plenty of parking which is high on my list, and has a good food court with a lot of options.
4	Huge Forever 21 store! Two floors! Love Nordstrom because it carries small shoe sizes
4	Very busy but clean mall. Love that high end retailers are mixed in with your average retail stores. Makes shopping fun and exciting for the unsuspecting mall shoppers. Tons of options for restaurants. On the weekends, there is even a Fashion Show on the hour, every hour showcasing one of the hundreds of clothing stores.
5	The ultimate shopping compound!This place has every shop you could ever want and then more.  It has everything from Nordstroms and Saks to Topshop and a crazy huge Forever 21.  Basically, if you are looking for something in particular, if you cannot find it here, it might not exist.  Even though this place is a mall, there are plenty of places to eat also.  It has everything from fast food to full sit down restaurants.  You can really shop/be here till you drop.
5	Wow... I can't believe all the shops they have here. Oh, and luckily it's indoors especially during the sweltering, HOT Vegas summer!! Since I'm used to the ultimate shopping destinations in Southern Cali such as South Coast Plaza and the Beverly Center, I was happy to know Fashion Show Mall did not disappoint. They have the huge department stores: Nordstrom, Macy's, Saks, and some that have not made it to LA yet (Topshop/Topman).. I think :)
3	Overpriced mall I guess it's for the tourist not locals LoLz. Sometimes there are ok sales in the morning with coupons for the big stores like Bloom, Macy's etc.But I rather should off the strap but if it's a last minute thing that I need an outfit then this is the place to shop LoLz
3	Thankful that Topshop and Zara are right across from each other, and close to Neiman Marcus (which has an entrance right off the Strip).
4	Man, this mall is huge. It has some of my favorite stores, such as Macy's, Levi's, Express, and many more. The food court is cool as well. The layout is a bit weird though. Seeing as it was my first time visiting this mall, the weird escalator layout got me a bit confused when I was trying to reach some stores. Granted, because it's a high-end mall, you get your mix of tourists and white-collar snobs, but nevertheless it's a nice mall.
5	yes yes im such a fashionista and anyone else who thinks so need to come here!! and walk on the runway lol
3	Sorry Vegas.  This mall is so Vegas, it's called "Too Much."  I don't know how sales are per square foot at this mall, but I can say that my wife and I didn't spend any money there.  Well, we grabbed a bite to eat.  That's it.
5	Favorite mall ever!  Macy's, Nordstrom, Dillards, lululemon, Forever 21, Zara...etc.The layout is a little confusing and I still haven't figured it out.  There is actual room to walk in this mall, unlike Forum Shops and Miracle Mile.  It's spacious, which I need in order to shop.  It feels semi high end with there being a Saks and some other luxurious stores, but there are also a lot of "normal" stores.There are deals and sales to be found in this mall.  I wasn't sure what to expect with it being on the Strip, but I found plenty of sale racks :).I've only found one parking garage for the Fashion Mall, and it's right beside Dillard's.  Its location is a little inconvenient. The Forever 21 in the Fashion Mall is sick!  It is massive!
4	If you can catch this mall during the week, it's the best. Without tons of people, you can easily navigate the idiotic geography of the place, and it truly is ridiculous. I have reasons for coming up here, Topshop and Bare Escentuals, so I come up for those and stay for the rest. The mall itself is somewhere between upscale and normal. It still has Forever 21 but also stores I ignore out of jealousy like Neiman's and Tiffany. (Have you ever walked through Neiman Marcus just to get to your car while wearing your Target pants from three years ago? It's fun, I recommend it.)Once you figure out its odd shape, inside and out, it's great, but I can see why some people would hate it. Probably my favorite mall on the Strip because of its (extremely) relative ease of parking and navigation!
4	I come here 1-2 times a month to go shopping at 3 of my favorite stores. The way I shop I may need another job. Yeah parking is weird as hell and I always have issue finding my car.
5	4 levels of shopping, great selection of stores, jamba juice was a major plus considering the heat in Vegas..Overall this was one of the best malls I've been to in Vegas.
3	Red Velvet cafe and The limited... It's a good day
3	An AMAZING Mall in Las Vegas the best one in Vegas the ONLY mall in America with SEVEN department stores.. A great place to find everything, they have mid-range to high end stores like a Louis Vuitton, Lacoste to a GAP and Hollister store. They have certain specialty stores that aren't found in typical malls like an APPLE store, or ZARA a european version of a GAP. The food court is spacious and beautiful and overlooks the strip, because its on the third floor. The have a real fashion show that pops up from the floor in the Great Hall, a must see!! A great selection of Resteraunts. A California Pizza Kitchen, Maggiano's Little Italy, Cafe Ba Ba Reeba, and RA Sushi. The downside is that parking can be a challenge on the weekends, because it's on the strip.
4	Probably the nicest mall in Vegas.  Can't really compare this to the Forum Shops since those are different types of stores, more exclusive stores.The cool thing about Fashion Show Mall is that it really has fashion shows daily!  Located in the center portion of the mall is a rising hub and cat-walk.  This mall has most of the mainstream stores and shops so you shouldn't have a problem locating your brand.  Unless you're looking for the LV or Fendi type stuff you'll need to go elsewhere.Plenty of parking underground but be prepared to step out of your car into a sauna if Vegas summer weather is in full effect.  TIP: Keep a look out for some stars.  They're known to shop here frequently.
5	I really like it here! They've got just about every store you want to shop in, including that Forever 21 that is 2 stories and gives you a panic attack when you walk in, because of that lol.
4	You cant go wrong with The Fashion Show Mall. although its a little on the pricey side its worth it since its a one stop shop. From stores from Free People to a 2 story Forever 21 you can find something for any occasion on any budget. Filled with restaurants such as the Red Velvet Cafe (one of the only vegan restaurants in town) and Ra (sushi and sake bombs!) oh yea! and we cant forget Strip Burger... the restaurants have amazing happy hours and late night munchies with options of patio seating and people watching. My suggestion? Make a day out of it, because you can never go wrong with hundreds of shops and endless restaurants :)
4	This review is for that massage area they have at this mall. Very good massage a bit pricey though. 25 minute massage for $45. Neck, shoulder and back. They do get the job done!!
4	If you can't find it here then you don't want itwell I take that back.. the only thing they don't have is an AVEDA salon/store, but other then that they have it.  Even if you are not a shopper there are tons of good eats and plenty to watch from light and water shows to fish of all kinds.Its a win winSephora being my fav and Betty Paige store a close 2nd
4	Best mid-range shopping in Vegas - large, spacious with a good blend of mid-range to higher-end labels. Good layout and generally not as hectic/crowded as Forum Shops (dark) or Miracle Mile Shops (trashy). Head to Crystals or Wynn Esplanade for couture boutiques.
4	The kinda crappy thing about being under 24 with no real reason to ever get dressed up in Vegas is that all these incredibly huge and elaborate casino malls sort of cater to a more fancy and less casual shopper. Whether it's t-shirts, jeans or shoes, Fashion show has some really great shops for casual attire. Also there's a Chipotle, I like Chipotle
3	***Fashion Show Mall is a huge mall and there are plenty of stores to visit, but in terms of big malls, I prefer Costa Mesa's South Coast Plaza***I think Fashion Show Mall offers complimentary self parking.  I'm not sure if they also offer complimentary valet parking.
4	Great mall!  It's got everything you'd want, just about.
4	Nice mall.  Great place to cool off.
5	I really love this mall. There are walkways connecting it to TI and The Wynn, so it's very easy to get to. I love how it's always blasting its ac to the max, so as soon as you walk in, you're surrounded by cool, merciful air. This mall is huuge, and it's my #1 preference in shopping on the Strip. The layout's kind of confusing, but it's really cool! The variety of stores here is astonishing. They have places like Louis Vuitton, Tiffany's, and a Neimans; mixed with others stores like topshop, free people, forever 21, jcrew, and hollister. Definitely a great mix for those looking to splurge and maybe get some deals. The food court is pretty big, and has its own floor. The only thing that persists in confusing me is the layout. You have to take certain elevators to get to certain floors, or you'll end up in a dead end of the mall. But, anywhoo, you eventually find your way around. They recently opened a huge topshop and a two-floor, department store sized forever 21. Ahh, I adore that place. Anyway, in the middle of the mall, they host fashion shows ( hence its name, Fashion Show Mall) everyday at certain times. It's pretty cool, because the runway rises from the floor and disappears back into it after it's done. This mall has plenty of cozy couches and places to just relax, so shoppers can always sit down, set down their various shopping bags, and rest their well-heeled feet.
4	This.. place.. is hugeeee! I'm not from around the area so when my girls and I came to Vegas we had to come here for.. dundundun... TOP SHOP! We love the store (although it's pretty expensive) so we just had to come. There's a huge Forever21 here as well + manny more stores! If I lived in the area, this would defs be a place I would come and shop at often :D
4	Unfortunately I was too hungover to enjoy the true beauty of this mall. I am a shopaholic so I get so excited whenever I shop at malls in different locations. This time, being in this mall was sorta confusing and tiresome. IT'S SO BIG! They literally have everything and the highly anticipated store for most girls, TopShop. This TopShop wasn't the best..... I have been to the one in NYC and clearly that one is better. This one was sorta small and had limited stuff. The F21 is HUGEEEE though! They also have several department stores like Dillard's, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom and Macy's. There is just so much here to shop for! Had I not been hung over I think I could have spend a good five hours here. The only bad part about this place is that it is sort of at the beginning of the strip! I wish it was in the middle so it was easier for me to get to! Also it was hard for me to get to the stores like Zara because I didn't know how to get outside.
4	Favorite mall in town except for the fact that there is no H&M.  There are so many great stores.  The addition of TopShop is wonderful.  Also the only Nordstrom in town.  Lots of great restaurants to eat at.  The Macys there is the best in town.  They always have lots of great items on sale.  Even though it is on the strip, it is never unbearably busy unless near the holidays of course.
4	A nice mall on right in the middle of The Strip! Some of the shops here are higher end but overall this mall is not where you are going to find the Versache or Prada stores. You have to walk further up The Strip for that. Once again this is a mall that is not dying but actually thriving! Thanks to the tourists of the world for keeping that going! Lots of good stores to check out if you miss the heyday of malls of the past.
4	Stopped here almost every time we're here in Vegas and it's a great detour, especially if you forgot something at home.  The Victoria's Secret is fantastic and always has great deals.  Even though the place is HUGE and I mean HUGE it's really easy to navigate.  AND the people who work in the store know where things are which is so helpful.  And there is a fashion show every day...so fun!
4	Are you on vacation? Are you staying at the Palazzo or Venetian? Did you bring stupid shoes, and now your feet hurt? Do you need a break from the 100+ temperatures outside? Did you skip coffee this morning, because there is no coffeepot in your (very expensive) hotel room? Do you like to people watch--especially people wearing aforementioned stupid shoes? If you answered "yes" to any of these questions, then Fashion Show Mall is your place! It's just a sky bridge away from the Venetian, and it can solve any of the above-mentioned problems and/or situations.
3	It's fun to walk around here and do some window shopping. Lots of good stores and a great runway show that's completely FREE! The food court could be better but still a fun place!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE. This mall was home to my favorite Betsey Johnson location, sadly they have gone under with Chapter 11, but either way, this is a good location with a lot of great stores  -- many of which are flagship and carry more products and specialty items!Try Ra Sushi or Strip Burger for some great, affordable lunch options!
4	Shopaholics galore!!! My new favorite store here is Top Shop!!! There are a variety of shops/stores to choose from. Location is conveniently located on one side of the las vegas strip. Parking is pretty ample in a structured parking. Great options on shops and eateries. Great place to shop for items to bring home or  if you've forgot to pack an outfit. Great deals! Very spacious! and fashion shows!!!
5	A girly girl's mall!
3	Not much to say... since we were in Vegas, of course we had to come here. But I'd give it a "meh" -- seems to cater to tourists and has a "high-end" air to it, but honestly there's no stores here that I couldn't find in other malls. I like that it's big, clean, and trendy; but I wasn't too impressed with the selection of stores, so l didn't buy much from here. The Zumiez here was awesome though, the workers were super friendly and funny. Scored some good deals from there :)
4	Other than the fact that it's MASSIVE (and intimidating as a result), you can find all you want and then some at Fashion Show.  I would know... after combing the rest of the strip's shopping for the perfect "guest of wedding" dress and coming up empty, I found a number of options at the mall.  Should've just headed straight there.
5	big mall. lots of good stores. Food court isnt all that great, but there's starbucks, jambajuice, chipotle inside the mall to help with your hangover
4	There is always something to see here, from the weekly fashion shows, to new stores poping up every time I am there.Now at 30 I am over being a mall rat, though this one has most of your typical mall stores, it is set up beautifully clean and modern it is still fun to take a stroll through it while on the strip.Location is fabulous and you can get good deal here as well.
5	I had a blast at this mall. It was out of the realm of anything I'd seen before. There are plenty of stores here that you can't quite find anywhere else, and I spent entirely too much time in Topshop (!!!!). What also impressed me were the staff - that goes a long way in higher end malls like this. If you have great stores that's one thing, but having good staff working that make everyone feel comfortable, well that certainly went a very long way with me. I also went to my first ABC store here! Imagine that!
5	My FAVORITE mall on the entire West Coast. Anything you can possibly want, this mall has it! It also has the best selection of high grade restaurants as alternatives to the food court. Every time I go to to Vegas, this is my first and (sometimes last) stop!
3	i dont normally goto malls, but when i do. i goto fashion show mall. stay snooty my friends. i only come here for food and the gap store to buy jeans which is like every 2 years. other than that i try to avoid it at all costs when the tourist season is in full swing.
5	I love Fashion Show and hands down it's my favorite mall in Vegas, and one of the top ones I've been in anywhere in America. Once you figure out how to get into the underground parking areas, I've always been able to find a space without hassle. Inside the mall has a nice mix of shops from stuff found in any mall across America all the way up to Tiffany, Bloomingdales, a really good Nordstrom's, and yes even that British export Topshop. And while some dislike the floor layout, I like how it makes you explore the place. You're not like a cow walking down the path blindly following the herd...you gotta look around, you gotta know where you're going...and as you're looking around you can find some great shops. Food wise they have a wide mix from Auntie Anne's pretzels to a Chipotle to even Grimaldi's pizza. Pretty much any pricepoint you can ask for is covered here. From a people watching perspective, Fashion Show is some of Las Vegas's best street theater in action. On my last trip I saw everything from locals all the way to some D-List celebrity with a camera crew in tow filming his every move. You literally have no idea what your going to see if you're there in the evening. But the mall does offer some chances to feel uncomfortable. Wear street clothes or business casual dress and go into some of the higher end stores and it's easy to get that I don't really belong here feeling...until you say screw that and laugh at the thought of someone paying out the nose for some of the crap they're selling. If I want to shop I go in the evening. If I need to get in, get out and get on with my life I go during the weekdays, and the earlier the better. 4 Strong Stars. (The Apple Store here is awesome!)
5	Ummm ya I'm here every week to shop lol I love this place. It has most of my favorite shops!
5	This is simply a fabulous, 3-story mall with five department stores (Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Dillards, Neiman Marcus, and Saks Fifth Avenue.)  It's on the strip next to the Trump International Hotel.  I had a hard time finding a certain type of wallet, but sure enough, I knew I'd find it at this mall!  Ahh, a shopper's heaven!  I didn't happen to see the live fashion shows they put on at various time intervals.
5	- Since I'm poor I like coming hear to see how the 10% shops (the 1% shops at Wynn, Crystals, etc).  Great people watching, plenty of public seating, stores catering to multiple price points (Gap, Bloomingdales...).- Smaller, less common places such as the Aveda store makes this mall cool.- Parking is always easy and plentiful.- Definitely larger and preferable to Boulevard Mall or Meadows Lane Mall.
5	My favorite mall in Vegas.  Lots of quality shops, and plenty of parking on most days.There is also plenty of good food here too, like Grimaldis, frozen yogurt, California Pizza Kitchen, etc.Clean mall, and in a good central location in Vegas!  Good for tourists and locals alike, since it is a quick jump of spring mtn with little traffic.
4	Honestly, one of my favourite malls I've been too. Globally! It's huge. Lots of selection. A variety of fast food in the food court PLUS many sit down restos as well. I could spend hours here! :)Only downside - it's huge. lots of selection. So much food selection.  I can do a LOT of damage here. :(
4	Go big or go home! This mall has tons of stores that you might not get at your local mall.  There's something for everybody.  I think most of the stores here definitely cater towards the fashionistas Vegas style.  If you stay across the street at the Wynn or the Venetian, its an easy walk.  Parking is not too terrible if you can find a spot.  I would say, if you can't find something at say, Ceasar's, the Wynn, or at your Hotel then definitely come by here.  I know the ladies would love the affordable Forever 21 and its pretty large and in charge.  There is a Zara, one of my favorite stores, woohoo! There's a Japanese and British store that I know you can't get at your local mall, so that would make it worth dropping by.Just another activity to do when you crash in Vegas.
4	This is one of my favorite shopping malls in Vegas. On holidays, my family would come here to visit my relatives and the setting and decorations are absolutely beautiful. On certain times of the year, there would be a mini fashion show. I remember the models strutting on the catwalk and everything. It was pretty cool. There's stores for kids to check out toys. I bought my Clue Simpson's edition and also Hello Kitty Uno here. :)
3	Make sure to visit the actual runway in the middle of the mall. On weekend afternoons they feature a hot mess of an Old Navy commercial come to life where kids strut the stage to promote such high fashion as True Religion jeans (with smoke effects!) while their moms stand at the end of the runway taking photos with their iPads.
4	Very nice mall.  Clean, lots of sales going on all year long.  Good place to see trendy outfits to great casual items.
3	Pros: Very big mall with a lot of variety.Cons:  Hard to navigate.  I don't know who designed this mall but you are constantly going up and down stairs just to get from one end of the mall to another....
5	This place is huge!You can easily get lost, because there's no straight pathway to get to a certain store.I like how they have free fashion shows with models walking down the runway.Come here for all your shopping needs!
4	I remember when the Fashion Show Mall wasn't anything special. Wasn't the cool place to be and had mediocre stores. Then they revamped everything a while back and now it's the place to shop in Vegas. Great for locals and tourists alike. There are plenty of stores for the rich and famous. There's Louis Vuitton, Kate Spade, Tiffany & Co., Bally's...the list goes on. But I'm not rich or famous, unfortunately. What I like about the Fashion Show is that there are plenty of stores that cater to the budget friendly. - Forever 21: Apparently this store is the largest in the country. I can easily spend a couple hours here for the store is really overwhelmingly huge. - Topshop - Zara- Gap- Aldo - a bigger store just opened up. More shoes, more fun!- Cotton On- Francesca's - Your typical department stores: Dillard's, Nordstrom (with an eBar right outside the entrance for yummy snacks and drinks), Macy's and Macy's Men.Not shopping apparel? There's an Apple store near Nordstrom, Teavana and even a Lens Crafters. There's also a Build-a-Bear for the kids. Near Nordstrom, you can find a fashion show going on every hour or so that showcases apparel from stores within the mall.  The third floor has a large food court. They offer a good variety here from Chinese to Hot Dog on a Stick to Philly cheesesteaks. Scattered around the mall are independent stands such as Starbucks, Jamba Juice, Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf and Auntie Anne's pretzels. Furthermore, there are pretty good restaurants within the mall or adjacent to it such as California Pizza Kitchen, Maggiano's Little Italy, Ra Sushi and Stripburger. Plenty of options for parking. There's a huge underground garage and 2 outside parking garage structures - one next to Dillard's and the other by Nordstrom's. Valet parking is also available by Macy's as well. The only time parking is an issue is during the holidays. Good luck finding a spot and/or getting out of the garage. An easier way to get to the mall while avoiding lots of traffic on the Strip and Spring Mountain Road is via Dean Martin Drive. Dean Martin Drive leads you straight to the Dillard's parking lot and garage.
4	There's a fashion show every hour and there are a million shops inside! They're open decent hours, they've got a good location and there are a lot of parking spaces. Its a pretty cool mall if you ask me.
4	There are SO many stores here, and at so many price points.  The variety and selection are tremendous!  I can come here for many of my favorite stores in one place instead of having to go all around Henderson, where I might STILL be missing certain stores (ex: Banana Republic).  There are some great eats here too and many types of foods, including the typical food court stuff, italian, steak, mexican, a burger joint, pizza, etc.  I love its location on the strip, but it can be SUPER busy and hard to just walk around here because of all the foot traffic.  My other complaint is the parking garage.  I find it really difficult to navigate, and always very crowded.  Also, some parts of the garage seriously stink like sewage.  I have no clue what's going on but it's consistent every time I come and it's really disgusting.  OK, so I know it's a shopping mall and I'm not supposed to be spending a whole lot of time in the garage, but I'm taking a star off for the parking structure in general.  Overall a great mall with excellent variety.
5	A solid and perfect mall for a Vegas tourist who can only window shop and drool at the other in-casino designer boutiques that abound the strip. Fashion Show Mall has a Zara and The Body Shop which are two stores in Michigan I cannot shower myself with goods from, and other upper-middle class stores that are less common at your average town mall.If you must shop in Vegas (there are far too many more exciting and memorable things to do), Fashion Show is the place.
5	My favorite mall. From the stores to the restos. They have something literally for everyone. If u can't find it here, ur not looking hard enough. It's always clean and might be a bit confusing in layout for people. (Me the first time I went) but hey who cares! Ur shopping so let ur eye get caught by the pretty thing in the window. It's a great place to shop no matter what the occasion. Plenty of underground parking with tons of entrances up into the mall. I have nothing negative to say about the mall as a whole.
4	Fashion Show Mall is probably considered the best overall shopping mall in Las Vegas.  This mall is actually really beautiful compared to the rest of the malls I've been to, including California.  This mall is conveniently located on the strip, so there's a mix of more tourist and some locals.  Regardless of the week, this mall can get a bit busy.  Parking isn't that tough, but a nightmare during the holidays.  Regarding the stores, there's pretty much everything for everyone here.  However, I don't frequent this mall too often.  I admit, I'm one of those shoppers that just wants to go in a place and get the heck out.  This is never the case with Fashion Show Mall because its pretty big and my favorite stores are all far from each other.  This explains why I prefer Town Square, the South Outlets, and even Meadows.  But I'm still giving Fashion Show Mall 4 Stars because it's clean, big, and there's enough stores that can make any shopper happy. Shopping: http://www.thefashionshow.com/directoryDining and Entertainment:  http://www.thefashionshow.com/dining-entertainmentTIP:  Not too many rest rooms or they're tough to find.  I tend to use Forever 21's when I'm at this mall.  That explains why you may see me there. Ha ha.
3	This mall gets pretty crowded with all the tourists. It has plenty of stores and decent food. I do hate the layout of the mall. In order to get to certain areas in the mall, it makes you back track and go up a different set of escalators to reach certain stores. Probably, done this way to make you pass stores twice to make you buy something. I dunno, just thinking aloud. lol.
4	Aside from casino, shopping in Fashion Show Mall is another way to go empty pocket in Vegas.  The mall is quite big, not the biggest one I visited though, but if you have a need to shop on the strip, this mall should be able to provide everything hotel shops have to offer.  They got a parking garage to the west and an underground parking lot, and you may even utilize nearby hotels since walking distance is not far.If you start from the first level, this mall will gives you a never ending feeling by overwhelming you with department, designer brand, chain, and regular stores.  There are restaurants scattered through the mall as well.  The journey ends with their food court at the top level, not a great place to rest after all the walking.They got this somewhat confusing stair structure on the outside, which I recommend avoiding.  Other than that, this mall is one of the better ones I visited in the US.
1	I will never shop in this mall again due to their security, I was there a couple weeks ago when a fight among 7 people broke out and it took their security over 10 min to show up (yes, the fight lasted a while) and only one security guard showed up that I could visibly see.  When I went to their main office to complain I was told that it was due to their shift change...WTH, what if one of the people fighting had a gun???  I DID NOT FEEL SAFE
4	This mall is very clean, upscale and modern.  There are several great shops like Top Shop, Forever 21 (2 stories!), Free People and Zara.  Every so often they have fashion shows going on. The runway pops up out of the ground.  It was really cool. The food court has affordable food compared to the rest of the strip. My husband and I ate at Panda Express for a total of $8.
3	This place has every store and its the extra large size stores!!Don't get lost!
4	This mall is pretty cool. They have a lot of stores and they have a super huge 2 story forever 21 which is one of my favorite stores. I can also find a last minute outfit for the night when I stop by this mall. So much variety in shopping stores and food stores. I saw when they had a fashion show one time and they stage goes into the ground when it's over. Fancy.
4	A great mall right on the Strip! Forgot something or looking for a party outfit? Just come here - they have every department store you need from Macy's to high-end Saks and Neiman Marcus.The only thing I did not like - the fact that there is a kiosk every 5 feet with someone in your face peddling the cheap wares!
4	Love this mall first off its were I go to get my tea (Teavana!!!!) but it is great for parking and then walking the strip. It has plenty of great stores and restaurants. This mall rocks! Want to try Red Velvet Cafe I hear for a Vegan place it is really good.
5	Good googlie mooglie this mall is high. Ok so this week we went to this mall and everything is extra high. Call me cheap I'm not paying 1900 bucks for a coach bag. LMAO I just won't do it. Maybe this mall is for the rich or something but I wont be back to shop. I will walk thru and look. Its a nice mall & mix of people. Its lots to see and buy. I'm not rich I will never act like I am. But I can see now I'm just a more bang for your buck kind of girl. The only thing I'm willing to buy out this mall is food. Ok go ahead and laugh at me. I don't care. The whole time I was in the mall I kept thinking I can get that at the outlet mall for way cheap. I can go to my dollar store ok I'm cheap hangs my head in shame. Back to the review I give it five stars because its not they issue that my pockets are not deep. Its the perfect place to shop. If you got it like that.
4	I can see locals coming here and shopping. They literally have every retail store under one roof. Its actually kind of overwhelming.If im going to Vegas though, im shopping High End and staying at the forum shops or Crystals.  Aint nobody got time for this mall. I ALWAYS get lost.
5	Hands down, the most extensive mall in Vegas. FS Mall has everything you need in one stop.  High end shops mixed in with boutiques and restaurants.  My fave mall in LV.
4	Good mall they definitely expanded the mall since the last time I was there. the nordstom was nice, they also have Neiman Marcus, and Macy's. The Macy's can use some work not the best selection especially for Vegas. Lots and lots of chains stores and good for shopping and close to all the major hotels.
4	Fashion Show Mall is an awsome place to visit if you want to spend time window shopping.It has several shops to choose from economical to upscale stores.There are several restaurants and also a food court inside the mall.Overall a great mall to visit.
5	My favorite mall in ALL of Las Vegas! Yes.. all the tourist shop here, but if your vacationing in Vegas & want to go shopping, I would check out Fashion Show!Nice & cool indoor mall, huge food court & all your favorite stores in one place! Fashion Show Mall also carries brands from overseas like Top Shop, Scotch and Soda, Super Dry & more.Located, on Las Vegas Blvd, walking distance to many casinos and bars!With two parking garage towers & under parking plus valet, parking is easy.
5	Amazing, amazing mall for shopping. Nuts, I tell you... For so many reasons, 117F will keep a girl either in the pool or under AC. Full price for purchases would have been in excess of $800. Our damage:$157!Caught a Tommy Bahamas fashion show...shopped around the Apple store, looking at the new Pro Retina Display.The sheer # of stores here. Being at the Encore helps much: right across the street!
5	This is one of my favorite malls because it's relatively safe and indoors--if you're a local you totally understand haha! I would say that this mall has the most variety inside because of the kind of stores that are located here!I would say that this mall has the best bathrooms of any mall in LV. Only the doors are so close they bang together, but that's the only letdown :P There are a ton of kiosks and really nice restaurants, there are even some really decent sales if you know where to look! There's something for everyone at this mall
4	Parking in the basement is a hassle. Too many kiosks and not enough walk room considering how many tourists and locals shop here. This is the best mall in Las Vegas though. I don't shop often, but when I do, I shop at Fashion Show. Haha!
5	It's just a mall, but I think it's a pretty great mall. The parking is easy, they have the stores I need and there's just enough dining choices to grab a bite before heading out. Show up at 11a on a Sunday (right when it opens) and it's like you have the place to yourself. I like that I can get my essentials (cosmetics, soaps, tea, etc.) and be in and out without wasting a big chunk of my day. That's excellent in my book.
4	It's like any typical mall back home. The only thing different is TopShop and Capital Grille....I never thought I'd see that in a mall. Haha.
4	The mall with it all.
4	Great mall. Huge, clean, has real stores real people can afford. If you need clothing in Vegas, pay the cab fare and come here to not get ripped off.
4	A nice selection of stores.
5	Chingching at the tables means bling bling at the fashion show mall.  Thank you very much Venetian casino for sponsoring my fabulous time shopping at the fashion show mall, one of the most unique shopping center in the world.  Why is this place so unique you ask? They have a freaking fashion show with a magical catwalk rising up from the ground in middle of the mall, full gorgeous pro model put out a fashion for u sponsoring clothes from stores  in the mall( Bebe collection in my case), all in middle of shopping! The selection of store are the most updated, in my visit they had TopShop, which is brand new from Europe...along with other great stores...a must go for the shopaholic!
5	Lots of great stores. A comfortable mall to shop in.
3	Typical mall but a bit over priced and not geared towards locals. Definetly a tourist trap mall but still has a few nice specialty shops and occasionally a good sale here or there. The coffee bean here is awesome and the mall has free yoga on sundays at lululemon so thats a plus as well.
5	A very nice mall! Awesome shops! Very nice place to shop at!
5	This mall is HUGE!!! I've been several times and I don't even know if I've covered even half of its ground..so many stores and it's great because it contains basically all of the major department stores in one mall. It's also the first mall where I've seen a Topshop/Topman in. And for the ladies, it apparently houses the largest Forever 21...The only bad thing that I have to say about this is that it's near the end of the strip, for all intents and purposes. When we go to Vegas, we usually book at the other end, near the Bellagio/ Caesar's Palace. If this is the case for you, then be prepared for a looooooong walk to the mall. You're gonna be exhausted before you even step foot inside. But if you're staying around Wynn, it's really close and convenient and you can shop to your heart's content!
5	This is the largest mall in Las Vegas with the most variety of stores including department stores, designer stores, and a wide range of beauty, electronic, and clothing stores.It may be a bit confusing with the half levels, where you cannot always access the floor below/above you with the nearest elevator, but there are plenty of maps available around the mall. There are also Vegas books in stands for tourists to know what's going on in town for the next two weeks.There are several restaurants with different price points that can fit any budget and taste pallet. You may sit outside while dining at some of the restaurants and the food court, taking in the views of the Las Vegas strip. The "cloud" is an outside part of the mall shaded from above like a giant cloud. It is what you see passing by on the strip that distinguishes the mall from any other mall.This mall is a must for any tourist in need of some shopping during their stay.
4	Not that bad of a place.  It's so huge!!  Been going here once a year for the past 3 years.  I love this place!  Huge Apple store, California Pizza kitchen, and awesome stores!  Highly recommend this mall for anyone who visits!!  The parking is weird, the mall design is weird, but I guess that's why I like it.  Not your average place to visit.
5	This mall rocks.I'm here weekly.Great location, great shores, great food.Cool runway.Best place to shop in vegas besides outlets.
5	This mall has a vast amount of great stores.  While some of the stores are higher end and pricier, there are also less expensive options as well.  I really enjoyed my time here, and even got to see one of the fashion shows.  While it was crowded on the weekend, I still enjoyed this mall, and found the staff at the stores I shopped at to be very friendly. I was also offered friendly directions by security.
4	Fashion Show Mall is one of the best malls in Las Vegas, for locals and tourists alike. Unlike the other Malls on the Vegas Strip, this mall is not connected to any Strip Casino. However, it is easily accessed from the Wynn and Treasure Island. Another nice thing is that anyone on any budget can afford to shop there.Department stores are Macy's, Neiman Marcus, Saks 5th ave, Nordstrom, Forever 21, and Dillard's.The list of stores is easily found on the Internet. They have anything you're looking for.Most say, "It's the best mall in Vegas."
4	With the decline of most of the malls in Vegas, this one has withstood the test of time by remaining one of the best shopping malls in the city.  Despite larger, newer malls opening up in a couple of the large casinos, this one has remained relevant.We visit Vegas 8-10 times a year and drop in here every 3 or 4 visits.  It's located on the Strip, so it's convenient for us since we live out of town now.  The season ending clearance sales are always fun because you can find some great styles for cheap.  The food choices here are excellent too.  Everything from cheap eats to high end restaurants are located in this mall.  The restaurants that are on the Strip side of the mall offer great people watching opportunities too.Return Factor - 90%
3	After all these years, I have to admit that the Fashion Show has gotten better. Wisely, they managed to get TopShop, TopMan, Urban Outfitters, and added a two-story Macy's devoted to menswear and accessories. Thus, enticing me to come at least once a month. There's a Chipotle by Dillards and Jamba Juice by F21, which is great in my book. Albeit, they increased the prices. Zara is still here but the selection and service isn't the best. Parking and leaving the mall is still a major hassle, but that's expected. Now if the mall gets Uniqlo, then I might come here multiple times a month.
4	My favorite place to shop on the strip in Vegas! This mall is huuuge and has a lot of good stores and all the nice department stores: Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue, etc. They also have Topshop! They have a good number of restaurants and a food court as well. Located across the street from the Wynn and Encore.
3	It's a mall right on The Strip housing many of the chain stores one can find back home. Frequented by many locals which I found surprising. Parking is plentiful and large enough for many vehicles. Much more affordable for any last minute things you may have forgotten than The Forum Shops down the street. The only problem I have with this mall, for the love of whomever Your Magical Deity of choice is, could you please play varied music outside. Walking by, stopping for coffee or even just standing there for a few minutes hoping for something else to play; no, it was the same couple of minutes of the same looped remixed bit of some club song. The first day I was here I was like,"OH COOL! Maybe I should buy some glow sticks and come here to dance later." But no, same two to three minutes of the same song over and over and OVER AND OVER! I'm surprised I didn't just climb-up to the cool spaceship looking thing and hope it took me to another far away land so I wouldn't have to listen to that crap AGAIN.
3	There are tons of places to shop on the strip and Fashion Show is one that offers a good variety of stores and places to eat.  The only real down side that I can think of is the distance that it is from the main portion of the strip itself.  If you are up for a bit of a walk this is definitely a good place to check out for shopping.  They have some of the more main stream shops you may be used to seeing in your local mall, but also offer other great shops you may not want to miss out on (ex. Top Shop).  The food court here has a variety of options for pretty much anyone in your group - and of course this would be a much cheaper option than a fair amount of the restaurants throughout the strip.  Maybe do lunch here, and do a fancier dinner elsewhere!Overall: B+Definitely an "A-OK" place to shop on the strip.
3	The Mall was full of people on January 1st. It was your typical mall. Some nice stores and some regular stores. If you're staying on the strip you might as well check it out.
5	My favorite mall in Las Vegas. Nordstrom, Neimans, Macy's...all the major department stores, plus a TopShop, big H&M and Forever 21. Being on the strip attracts the crowds, but it's big enough to handle them. To add a little excitement to the shopping experience, every hour or so there is a fashion show right in the middle of the mall.
5	Beautiful mall, excellent location, entertaining live fashion shows and TONS of shopping options. PROS: Tons of stores             Maggiano's Italian restaurant             Underground easy parking             Live fashion shows dailyCONS: A nightmare on Black Friday and the day after Christmas.
4	Fashion show is a decent size shopping mall compared to the one you find in New York City. It's sad though because I come here and I can't seem to buy anything. Either way it's nice to just go window shopping. This place is really tourist popular since it is relative close to the Strip. So be prepared with people caring large suitcase around the mall. This place is easily accessible by car since they have a lot of lots available. A ton of stores, ranging from Forever 21 to Louis Vuitton. Also they have restaurant and food courts. One of the most unique things about this mall is the fashion show that it can hosted during the day. The floor can be raised up to become a runway for the models.  Highlights: Free parking, large range of stores, surrounded by trustworthy restaurantsDownside: Long lines when you want to pay.
4	This is one of the older mall in Las Vegas, over thirty years.  Most mall in the strip are not for average shopper, and definite not design for most local shopper.  Not a fan of the parking lot, it is confusing actually.  There are two stories but they can be easily confuse if you do not paid attention the sign.  It took me almost an hour to find my car it was located in a different floor, make sure take a picture when you park especially in an area you are not familiar with. The ten seconds can save minute or even hour.Other than having store that, you do not find in the strip, the biggest attraction is their live runaway shows, which run every hour started from noon to 5pm from Friday to Sunday.   The show is very short is less than ten minutes.  If you are late, expect to wait almost an hour.  The mall itself does not had Free Wi-Fi.  However, the runaway is located next to the Apple Store, which it does have free Wi-Fi.  That would be your idea spot to burn some time before the show start.The food court is located all the way in the third floor that is probably the most cheap food vendor located in the strip.  Since you are in the strip, do expect to paid more, but the price is still cheaper than what you find inside the hotel.
3	Came here for the food court at lunch, since the parking and getting in and out is easy. But it's an actual mall if shopping for stuff that you can find in your home town is your thing to do in Vegas. they have a few nice restaurants too and a "discounted" show tickets booth too.
4	I try to avoid shopping malls as much as possible, but this is my favorite one in town if I need to confront this necessary evil. It's best to avoid peak hours and days. It can get incredibly busy and hard to find parking. Fashion show is enormous and there are plenty of stores to choose from. I usually stick to my favorite shops, so I am careful to park near these locations. The parking lot is color-coated and organized. There are lots of great stores and restaurants on the strip.
4	A very nice, and big mall. Some of the stores are pricey - but keep in mind, you are in a tourist area. This place can get crowded at times, therefore be patient when you're trying to venture your way through here.The fashion shows here are really cool.
4	My favorite non-casino mall in Vegas.  Parking here is challenging.  Finding a spot downstairs is desirable since it shades your car in the hot summer and a short walk to the mall.  Once you get inside, you will find a humongous mall with lots of shopping choices.  Good, but mostly chain restaurants can be found as well.  A large food court allows you to eat cheaply too.  If you are losing money in the casinos, this is a nice option to come here instead.  Why not lose your money here?  At least you get something for it.
5	The fashion show mall is awesome! Lots of great affordable stores like h&m, bebe, and topshop. It also has good coffee and food stands like starbucks and jamba juice. Its a great afternoon to walk around and brouse, then have dinner at a nice italian restaurant or capital grille!
3	I grew up at this mall, and have been present for all their major facelifts and additions.  A couple years ago easily a 4-5 star mall.  However, closed stores due to the economy has taken away from a level of upscaleness.  The biggest reason for the deduction is the over abundance of cheap kiosks.  There are large sections of this mall you cannot walk through without having a product flung at you.  Really disappointing.
4	Shopping is my cardio! At least that is what I keep telling myself.   Fashion show offers a great variety of shops for locals and visitors.  As a local, it's easy to get to! Just take the 15 to Spring Mountain East.  It's an Left at the light and it takes you right into the parking garage.  Easy Peasy!There is a wide range of stores as far as prices and quality.  I guess that's what I like about this mall.  Bonus~ An Apple store is located here so i can always talk the hubby into going shopping!  The downfall for locals is it's located on the strip so it's always packed and busy.  But on the flip side it makes for good people watching.  Many many interesting characters can be seen here! It is a beautiful and bright mall.   With stores galore, it is my happy place!
5	Great place to shop in Vegas!!!Definitely awesome shopping place.Have tons of stores,clean, and great customer service!one of the best shopping mall ever :D
5	Wanted to say thank you to Beauty Specialist Castor Holliness at the Jo Malone counter.  Exceptional customer service .  Very helpful and extremely knowledgeable.  Helped my boyfriend and I to find exactlythe right fragrance. Thank you.
5	I was so happy to find this mall during my last day of staying in Vegas! They had reasonable stores to shop in for the not so middle class Americans like myself. The mall is 3 levels of pure shopping enjoyment with many different chain stores, plus a few unique stores. If I discovered this place before my last day I would have shopped here every day! Great mall and pretty reasonable prices for those who want to shop in Vegas without breaking the bank too much!
4	The store itself is great. Unfortunately, they don't have a vast selection of Women's shoes. I'm ISO my bridal shoe and I only saw about 2 that would make the cut. One was Jimmy Choo and some other name I forgot.
4	Just a typical mall.  It def has a lot of variety..if you want to spend a little or a lot, they got it all.
5	I absolutely love this mall, I like the set up, The parking structures. Theres a Valet had every corner of the of the mall. Shops buy the dozen. & The food court is amazing. Great restaurants.
5	I had the pleasure of getting assistance from Jemer Degorio from the Women's Shoe department. Jemer was very helpful and patient. His genuine kindness made my shopping experience a pleasant one. I will definitely be back!
4	I'll start off by saying it.. I miss the Dive!I liked going to the Dive before it was fashionable to go to a Dive.The Dive was our reason to come here as kids. For those of you who think I am just rambling on like a lunatic about a submarine, just look up the old Dive restaurant to see what I mean. That's Vegas at it's finest.Alas, I am all grow'd up.. or so my I.D. says so anyways.. and the girlfriend wanted to spend some of my hard earn cash and so we opted to walk here from our visit to Circus Circus. The Fashion Show mall is not quite like all the other more central strip based malls. The prices aren't meant to gouge you. You won't feel like you're doing the walk of shame after you stroll on out of it's air conditioned confines. They have a store for everyone, and some for the other people too. They're not bargin bin, outlet prices.. but they are not forum shops prices either. The smart bet for shopping in Vegas.
4	I love Fashion Show Mall.  It's the best shopping in Vegas if you are a local and want the mid-market stuff.  Macy's, Nordstroms, Dillards, Saks, Nieman Marcus and bunches of other stores.  It's split level and can be confusing but once you learn where to park and how to get back... it's a day of aerobics!   Aerobic shopping.
4	What a nice mall!! They have great stores, it's new, fresh, clean and pretty.I enjoyed walking around and did a little shopping too. They have high end stores and regular stores as well. I was impressed.
4	I'm not a big shopper, but when I'm looking for something specific to wear for an event, I usually check out Fashion Show. There are a lot of tourists which can put off locals, but I like to go midweek really early or really late. Good selection of stores at all price points so it's worth a stop for locals and visitors.
3	They had a good variety of stores but gosh everything was so expensive if you ain't in a budget then this is ur store buddy. At zumies it's 38 for a franking shirt gosh the mall is nice to walk around and windowshop  I will go back to get away from the strip the mall is nice :)
5	This mall has expensive and regular stores.  I absoulutely loved the Macys setup.  It had a seperate mens and womens store.  It was close to the Palazzo hotel where we will always stay.
4	Great place to shop and it has everything I need. Huge and very nice place to shop at. I always bring my family here.
4	Such a cool surprise to have while dining at the nearby Chipotle.  The whole stage raises from the mall floor with main room and runway!  So AWESOME.  My friends and I stopped by to check out the models and clothes they were wearing.  Curious about the models how they strut their stuff on the catwalk.  Very cool and it happens every hour like clockwork.I'd recommend it for anyone who is coming through the mall to just shop or eat.  I wouldn't wait around for it but its nice to see if you happen to stumble upon it.  I don't get to watch many fashion shows but definitely enjoyed it.  This mall has gotten better and better over the years and is probably close to what Valley Fair can offer.
4	I know it's called "Fashion Show" and it has no shortage of high-end shops, but this is the closest you will get to your hometown mall while staying in the strip.  I found myself needing to buy socks and a shirt, for reasons that are none of your concern, but most options around seemed ultra high-end, designer stuff, but I was able to get a more reasonably-priced shirt at Macy's and socks from one of the athletic shoe stores.Nice mall too, great place to get your walk on indoors with AC and no cigarette smoke.I forgot them, okay, I didn't pack any socks, is that what you wanted to hear?  STOP PRESSURING ME, GEEZ!
2	Could have been 5 stars but NOT having a working elevator to the food court puts the icing on the cake. What's worse is that there wasn't a sign that said that there are other access for those with babies and strollers or wheelchairs. If there was one, I didn't see it because the elevator that supposedly takes you to the food court didn't indicate any other working elevators. So I had to carry my 4month child with the stroller along with my 4 year old standing next to me. If my 4 year old wasn't hungry, I would have left and gone somewhere else to eat. But I had to make it happen for her. I will only be back at this mall for the Lego store. I no longer care for anything else. Hanks fashion show mall for being so adequate and convenient for customers.
4	It's a must-go mall, b/c it actually is real, for real ppl lol--without the pricey luxury brands like at the Forum Shops or Palazzo.  Yet, there's still Nieman Marcus and LV for those high-rollers.You can spend a few hours easy going thru everything.like how they have a charging station for your electronic goodies in a nice lounge area by the blue parking section.Modern mall, still up to date.  And actual sales too.
5	It's a multi-level mall, several wings, use the anchor stores as landmarks.  It has all sorts of stores and for every income bracket.  At noon and 2pm, there is a fashion show with live models walking down a real runway with all the usual fanfare, like music, lights, and a live announcer.  Everything in the fashion show can be purchased right there in the mall, too.
4	This is a great mall with plenty of stores to choose from. Almost anything you need can be found here.  Parking is tricky though. There's an underground parking garage.  Just remember your color and number or you could be in trouble!Although there are plenty of stores,  they are mostly high end,  so some of my favorites were missing.  Also there are a few department stores- Macy's,  Dillards, nieman marcus. I think it's a little touristy, a lot of cashiers asked where I was visiting from.  It felt good to say I'm a local!
4	Fashion show mall is definitely one of my favorite malls to go shopping at. It's a BIG mall, and even though I've been here hella times already, I always seem to get lost. There's just too many confusing floors, haha.They have a great selection of food at the food court, and on top of that? They have nice restaurants to choose from. Amazing selections of stores from Forever 21 to Victoria's Secrets to Macy's. The only reason why I didn't give it a full-blown five star review is because they don't have two of my MUST HAVE favorite stores: Sephora and MAC Pro Store. I would seriously be in PARADISE if those two stores existed in this mall. Other than that, Fashion Show is definitely a beautiful mall. And it definitely will always be on top of my "go-to shopping malls" list in Vegas.
5	Fashion Show Mall is definitely one of my favorite malls in the country, and I've been to all of the nice ones. This is a HUGE mall. I got lost several times. This is a nice mix of stores. They have middle class stores such as Macys, but they also have a Louis Vuitton and Saks Fifth Avenue, and Neiman Marcus. This is definitely the closest you'll get to your mall like back at home while you're on the strip. I like how in addition to high end stores, they have stores such as GNC. It felt nice that while I was buying a black label Ralph Lauren polo at Saks, I also could buy some new protein mixer bottles just a few doors down at GNC. I highly recommend this mall to anyone looking for a terrific shopping experience.
4	This is a great place to cool down on a scorching day in Vegas. This mall is huge with tons of stores (high-end is mostly on the top floor). Walking distance if you're staying at Treasure Island, Wynn, or Encore.
5	Awesome mall.  They have everything you can dream of.  They have a ABC store which is convenient for people staying north of the strip.
4	I like this mall. There is a nice collection of shops and a lot of different things to see. Many of the venders have moved around a lot and other than that it is a good place to shop.
3	Looks can be deceiving and with this mall, it's deceiving. Edgy. Chic. Beautiful. Big. Those are my first impressions of this mall. Parking is a bi**. Too crowded to walk. Rude shoppers. Nothing is in stock. The reality of this mall - Not my idea of a peaceful shopping experience.If you're bored and not really trying to shop for anything in particular, this is a great place to people (tourist) watch and kill precious (valuable) time - but it's not my first pick of malls in Las Vegas. Parking is terrible on the weekends. Props to having the only Nordstrom in Vegas, but it's not even a big Nordie, it's rather petite. I'll still enjoy driving a little bit further to the local's paradise, that is the Galleria Mall. ;)*edit - pop up runway show? Sounds interesting. I guess I'll have to come back to experience it and report back.
5	This mall has every store you'd ever want/need. It has super high end all the way down to H&M. Loved it, its huge!
4	Fashion Show mall is good, because it has a great range of stores - from Louis Vuitton to American Eagle, they really do have it all.My favorite part was the popup fashion shows they have on the hour during the weekends (and maybe during the week? not sure). An entire runway just comes out of the ground and models showcase fashions from the mall - it is truly a unique experience. This is the closest you will get to an average mall on the strip in Las Vegas. Even so, it doesn't lack in the theatrics and over the top Vegas decor and ambiance.
4	I wasn't planning on going to any malls or doing any shopping in Las Vegas.  Actually, the only reason I walked in here is because it was hot outside and we had been walking for awhile and wanted a cool down from that vicious Vegas summer sun. What I found instead..was a pretty nice mall! It is massive and they seemed to have everything! From high end to Forever 21. It looks pretty awesome from the outside as well. We didn't walk around too much since we had to get going, but I'd definitely plan on coming back here next time!
5	Best mall in Vegas hands down. Skip everything else and come here instead. You'll probably find everything you're looking for, except parking lol. The food court is pretty solid, something for everyone. The highlight for me is Hotdog on a Stick. Cherry lemonade, you are my weakness!
4	This mall had everything I needed to find while in Vegas.  It's affordable with normal shops that you'd see in your mall at home.  Forever 21, Nordstroms, Macy's, Dillards.  All of it. It's quite a hike if you are walking there but it's a short cab ride.   If you're missing anything that you may have forgotten to pack, don't fear, you can find it here.
4	U can find the stores u love here.. From forever 21 to Chanel... Next to trump hotel so if u stay at trump u can just walk here in 3 minutes.. This mall is very clean and thoughtful.. Why I said thoughtful.. U cam buy drinks almost everywhere if us feel thirsty especially in summer Vegas is crazy hot!! The food court is very good too because u have a lot go options.. It's a really good shopping place for u to spend one day here!, love it
4	Must say that this mall used to be dead to me, but after many Vegas trips.... I actually really do appreciate it!1. Free People, Zara, Nordies, Neimans, Topshop, Forever, Vs, Ted Baker... I mean, it's become a pretty stacked mall over the years2. Call me crazy. I like walking there. If you're staying In the middle of the strip it's not so bad. If you're trekking it from MGM, might be a little hike... Exercise is good for sobering up party people!3. Maggianos, chain Italian restaurant that always delivers (for me anyway- great service, yum food). If it isn't too warm out opt to dine outdoors. So nice :)
4	Fashion Show mall is the largest mall on the Strip!  It has all different kinds of stores, from low end to high end stores! The mall is very clean, bright and airy!  Absolutely enjoyable to shop there.We made several trips to Fashion Show Mall on our recent visit to Vegas. It's so convenient.
5	This mall is amazing. When I'm in town with the hubby and I always make a stop here even if it's just for one department store. I feel that I can find whatever I need at one stop. The mall can be a bit confusing because three is just so oo much to offer but once you understand and find your way nothing will stop you from shopping until your completely done or just hungry lol.
4	Good mall. Lots of stores to choose from and good dining options. Directly across from the Wynn, I remember this mall before its makeover. It wasnt much to look at or visit. That was many moons ago. But now, it looks like an alien spaceship landing spot from the outside. Its totally modern and has everything from high end stores and department stores to your standard mall retail shops. On this recent trip to Las Vegas, it brought us to Fashion Show mall for a wedding reception luncheon at Maggiano's and we also checked out TopShop and the PacSun store. I havent walked around the whole mall but from what I've heard and what I've seen, it's huge... I'll have to walk the entire mall on the next trip to see what else they have.I do like that there are about 3 different valet parking sites at Fashion Show and being able to valet to the closest one to Maggiano's was very much worth it for the convenience. I parked at the one off of Fashion Show Dr. It's outdoors and was easy to locate once i turned off from the strip. It was easy dropping the car off as well as picking it up. I highly recommend it and the elevators nearby go directly into Maggiano's. Easy breezy.
4	I shop at Nordstrom frequently, gifts for family and friends and of course myself.  They have courteous and helpful associates to help you find just  the right gift.
5	Pretty much has everything you want whether it's high or low end. This place is like South coast plaza in the oc.  I come here to pick up last min items that I might have forgotten to pack.  I've visited numerous stores here and vast majority of the staff possess excellent customer service. Its huge and you can spend a whole day there if you really want to shop. Very clean and excess access on the strip.
5	The AG jeans store had just opened on Wednesday, October 22, 2014, and I was the first customer there. The entire staff was amazing! They were super-helpful and warm. I met Yul, the owner, and he was the nicest guy in the world!Thank you, Yul, and all of the AG team for making my shopping experience a true pleasure!
4	Great mall. Need more elevators, more restrooms and what the hell, says you open at 10:00 am but the stores aren't even open yet. This mall needs to get it together.
1	I am embarrassed and appalled at the behavior of smoke smart smokeshop towards my wife today. After being told she would receive a full refund if the product she was purchasing did not work which it did not she went back to return it and was treated like a criminal that it never purchased a product before in her life. I am ashamed for fashion show mall such a high-class mall to have such low class people running a business  there.  We have filed a complaint with fashion show mall and I'm hoping that they follow up and take care of this problematic vendor in their midst. In the meantime avoid the smoke shops there are two of them owned by the same person in fashion show mall. They are unethical and will not honor their word.
5	Great mall for all of your shopping needs.  They have just about everything you could think of.  Some of my favorite stores are "Anything But Water" if you can't find a bathing suit you love here then you just are impossible to please.  They have so many selections to choose from.  5/5Nordstrom 5/5   Lush Store 5/5 Huge Victoria's Secret 5/5The Starbucks sucks here.  Not enough employees to handle the customers.  Always a long line and it takes forever to get your drink. 1/5
4	My favorite mall to go to in Vegas for all my shopping needs :)I used to drive to mall to mall to visit stores I wanted to shop at, but Fashion Show has progressed over the years and added & expanded a lot of new stores! They have a two-story Forever 21, TopShop, Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, Lululemon, True Religion, and LUSH. They remodeled their Victoria's Secret recently so it's huge (it's their flagship store here) and sells many merchandise other VS stores don't carry. All it needs is an American Apparel and Sephora so I don't need to online shop, or go to Miracle Mile and Town Square for those stores. The food court is basic standard fare, and restaurants are overpriced and nothing special. Don't go to RA Sushi here if you're craving sushi. Their food sucks and the servers are pretentious white people. I usually just get Chipotle by Dillard's here, which is always good and fresh.Parking is a nightmare here, especially if you come here to shop on the weekend. Everyone's impatient, cutting corners and not stopping at stop signs looking for parking spaces. I do like that it's free and I don't have to miraculously somehow parallel park like at Town Square.
5	Excellent shopping mall right across the street from the Wynn! It has all your essential stores and high end stores like Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, and Nordstroms. The food court is excellent and some of them open up early for breakfast. They also have restaurants too. Its really big and theres tons of stores, I'm pretty sure its the biggest mall on the strip...and most affordable! I can actually buy alot more things here than going through Caesars or Venetian. Its very clean and spacious, would recommend to anyone.
4	Whenever I visit Vegas, I end up buying something at Fashion Show Mall.  They have a great Macy's, Nordstrom's (if you are near they have free wifi), and lots of stores to meet lots of needs depending on what you are looking for.  This visit I went to Skechers to check out if there were any sales on a specific pair of shoes I wanted but no such luck.I rested at the tables outside the food court as most were vacant.  The seating in the food court is big and lots of variety including Chinese, burgers, hot dogs, fries, and wraps, and restaurants too .  There isn't too much seating to take a break unless you go near the Nordstrom's and the hall that leads towards the strip.  But at least it's comfortable and clean.  There's also a taxi stop by Nordstrom's door and a valet that was helpful.
3	This is my favorite mall in Vegas. I must say come here quite often but not always to buy something specific. I usually come to relax, window shop and grab some lunch at the Nordstrom Cafe. I can literally spend hours here and still not want to leave. I must say you get a workout with how big and widespread this mall is. With that being said, there are a few things that need improvement.#1- There is only one elevator that gives access to all floors of the mall. The mall is divided in half with two floors on each side making it seem like there are four floors because the two floors on each side do not connect. Make sense? Lol ..well when this elevator is out of service (which has happened on a couple of occasions) it is impossible for one with a stroller or wheelchair to access the other side of the mall. Unless they decide to get on the escalators with a wheelchair/stroller ..dangerous! If you desperately needed to get to a store on the opposite side of the mall, you'd have to go back to your car and drive to an entrance on that side. In addition, when this elevator is in service there is always a long wait! #2- ROACHES IN THE PUBIC RESTROOMS BETWEEN GODIVA AND GRIMALDI'S  #3-the kiosk sales people are extremely pushy. To the point where they follow you... #4- horrible parking unless you take my advice and park in the Sak's or Nordstom parking garage.Despite everything I just said, this mall does have a wide variety of brands and stores that allows you to do all your shopping here. This is why I really love it. You can find anything from your high end designer to   Forever21 attire. If your a mom, like me, and need a place to change diapers, nurse or just let your child out of his/her stroller, Nordstrom/ Neiman Marcus women's lounges are the places to go.
5	Fashion Show is clearly the best mall in Vegas. Whether you're on a budget or you're splurging to enjoy some of that retail therapy, there's something for everyone to enjoy. The competition is fierce here. Stores change whenever they need to so they keep up with the latest trends- Which is good since you're getting the best of the best at one stop. I always notice something new every time I'm here and I'm here often. The stores also cater to everyone, no matter what style you're into. You can find anything from Forever 21 to the high end Neiman Marcus with stores in the mid price range in between. The stores are easily accessible from one end to the other, which is a huge improvement comparing to when they first opened.Mind you, this place can be packed. If so, park at the Treasure Island and walk the bridge that takes you to the plaza side of the mall- Especially during the holidays or on certain Saturdays (best day to shop I guess). There's also a valet throughout the entire mall as well. Spend accordingly and enjoy!
4	This huge mall has various shops and restaurants. Upscale, classy to your ratchet stores for all kinds of occasions. Also, they have multiple department chains: Macy's, Nordys, Sacs, Dillard's. Parking is a nightmare, meaning you can get lost, so just walk or cab over. They have a huge F21 or Top shop for that forgotten club wear. It really caters to that International/Out-of-Town shopper, probably only missing is a DUTY FREE store. I can find all the stores at home in LA, so no big deal, but it's nice to know I can come and go on a spending spree on a bit of everything, if I win from the casino.
4	If I had to guess, this is the most popular mall in Las Vegas, especially because of its location. Being on the strip I would imagine increases its foot traffic by a large amount. The mall is a typical mall with typical mall prices. They have sales every now and then, for whatever reason they want to have a sale. The thing I enjoy the most about the Fashion Show Mall is the environment. They hold fashion shows during the weekends and the mall just has a nice feel to it. During winter time, they give the mall have a winter feeling by putting up winter decorations all over the mall. It overall feels very clean inside and there are plenty of stores, department stores, and food places to choose from.
5	The only place to shop in Vegas!  They have a Nordstrom and an Apple Store.  Who needs anything else?
5	So recently I go to my favourite saks fifth and go to a counter where I'm fully greeted with open arms with such an amazing man. He did everything he could to really meet my needs! I went back the next day to find a gift for my boyfriend and not only did he go completely out of his way to go upstairs to help me find a gift but I felt like he knew exactly what I was looking for. When I gave my boyfriend the gift he almost shed a tear because he said it was the most perfect gift. I have only been with the bf for maybe a month but it felt like Sergio knew exactly what I was looking for. My bf had to then go see Sergio about something but he also fell in love with Sergio. Sergio works at the la mer counter and is such an amazing genuine person and he will be my only saks fifth personal shopper. AV
5	I am a shopping gal. If you are going to shop on the strip and only have time to go to one place this is the mall to go to. There are stores of all types and you can come away with some great deals. It never disappoints. If anything I come away with hurt feet because there are so many places to walk to.
4	PROS:1. Easy to find near the end of the strip next to Treasure Island.2. Large parking facility.3. Huge mall with about 4 stories full of stores.4. Tons of options here for everybody.5. Most of the stores offer a lot of sales. About 30-50% off.6. Very decorative during holidays. Tons of giant ornament art masterpieces, dangling lights, and picture opportunities.CONS:1. Parking lot stinks like a sewage.2. Food court options are lacking.3. Easy to get lost because Macy's is at every end and might look the same in every direction you go towards.Personally, I think that this is a better shopping places than on the strip.
5	This place is great! It's the only place in NV that has a Topshop/Topman, Nordstrom, Zara, and more. There's free wifi in some places, which is nice. If you're staying in The Trump Hotel, or Encore or Wynn hotels, it's a walking distance, so you don't need a taxi or get your car. Best mall in NV! I just wish they had and American Apparel...
5	Very nice shopping mall.  Good mix of high end and affordable stores.
4	I like the quality of shirts and suits. I especially like the john Nordstrom signature line shirt made with Egyptian cotton. It falls well and washes great. The staff is professional and cordial.
5	Five stars for being on the strip, plenty of parking and plenty of stores including great anchors and places to eat.  The food court even has great options.  What mall outside of the Hawaiian islands has a beloved ABC store?  Place is so big that it can handle crowds pretty well. Favorite Place.
5	Another favorite mall of mine. They have lots of stores to choose from. This mall is oriented to the everyday person who does not pay thousands of dollars for an outfit. Lots of stores to shop at. Stores I frequent are Hollister, Macy's, Urban Outfitters, Pac-Sun, Apple, and more. This is mall always has me walking to with something new. I always find great deals here. Yes, there are fashion shows that occur inside the mall located right outside of the Apple store.
3	This is a nice mall. I was disappointed, though, that I couldn't find a few things I was looking for. There is, for example, no bookstore. And no place that really sells a variety of kids shoes (outside of the department stores). The Nordstrom is quite nice, and I would recommend it. I liked the Kate Spade store too.
4	Extremely large mall on the strip that won't break the wallet. There are a decent amount of mid-range shops here, like Gap, Macy's,etc. It feels like a normal mall with some upscale stores like Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue.The mall is huge so I would definitely study the layout before you wander off.
