3	I'm confused.  Am I in Reno?  Or Las Vegas?  We ended up staying here in January for CES and AEE because our hotel plans fell through and there was not a room to be had for less then $500 a night.  We though we scored getting this for $100 a night.  We forgot to add in the $20 cab fare each way to actual Vegas.  Still came up to less then $500 a night, but still.   Pros: Even during CES, there was a cab waiting for us every single time we wanted one.  There was an hour wait every where else in town.Nice clean room.  Seemed safe in that small town way.Interesting bar downstairs with a big fishtank and mermaids and mermen and cheap drinks.None of that Hipper then Though Vegas Feel.Bands that you haven't heard of since the early 80's play there.Cons:$20 cab ride form the strip.Very High Mullet Population.  Really, Are we in Reno or Vegas?  Bands that you haven't heard of since the early 80's play there.Would I stay there again?  If I had to.  Not so bad.  Would REALLY rather stay IN Vegas after going to all the trouble to get to Vegas.
3	The people there are mixed - elderly and young and it is a nice environment. I particularly like the aquariums and the fact that it's off of the strip. We stayed in double queen rooms and they were nicely sized. Had lots of room for our multiple carry-ons. Tiny pool though.. Suites have jacuzzis and super affordable. Decent drinks at the Mermaid Lounge, good cheap eats at the Sundance Grille. Cocktail service was a bit slow. Tons of penny slots for those who like to sit back with a pina colada and play bonuses. Tables have low minimums. Cozy stay.
5	Loved it... Loved the mermaid show... Didn't stay here but went just for the day, loved the pro bass shop too....Loved it...
4	Silverton is a nice alternative to Strip Vegas. I would recommend staying here if you're the kind of person who wants to see Vegas during the day but not feel like you're in Vegas at night. Or the kind of person who comes to Vegas to climb Red Rock, not to gamble. The aquariums are all big and beautiful, and the cocktail waitresses have some of the cutest outfits in the city.There's no mermaids any more. What the hell is up with that? Instead, they only have a diver go in three times a day to feed the fish. One star off for that-- LAME!I put $1 in a penny slot, lost everything, and on my last spin I won $1.21. Hallelujah. I just played until I was back to $1 and cashed out. I felt like I'd hit it big in Vegas.Silverton is nice, and it's attached to a gargantuan Bass Pro Shops. I just sort of wish there was a little less Dave Matthews Band.
3	I stayed here for 3 nights. One morning at around 5:20, we were rudely awaken to a fire alarm. The good thing about it is that they gave us a free night stay because of it. They did not have free internet access, and their Seasons Buffet Restaurant's food was quite cold.
2	I went here a few weeks ago to meet up with a couple friends to do some drinking and gambling.  We succeeded, but it was like pulling teeth.  First our blackjack table was closed, and we had to switch to a texas holdem poker table game.  Then at around 2am, they closed that table with the 3 of us playing and a full table of pai gow.  Why?  They said they were closing that pit.  It takes one floor man and two dealers to continue dealing in that pit, and surely it costs less to hire the there of them than the amount of money they're losing.  Sure, we could have moved to the other pit, but I was sick of jumping from game to game.  I did ask the floorman for a comp, and he obliged, but the only thing open was their 24/7 cafe, which was pretty average.  Probably just a bad experience, but for a "locals" casino, I wasn't impressed.
3	J and I were looking for a good deal off Strip for our three day girl bonding trip in Vegas. Neither of us have a free flowing income so inexpensive but nice was our agenda. We did some research about the hotel online and it got some thumbs up for being nice, clean and a good place to lay our heads. So we booked. It was $250 for our two bed room for three nights so we were happy.   One of the things we wanted was a shuttle service to the Strip. When we booked, we saw that they had a shuttle to the Strip but there wasn't a schedule listed. We figured it would run all day so we weren't worried. Boy, were we wrong!   If you plan to stay at the Silverton, a few words of advice:   1. Have a car. The Silverton is a $25 taxi ride away from the middle of the Strip. And taxis are rare at the Silverton. We waited in line one night for 45 minutes for a taxi. One woman ahead of us waited 1 hour and 45 minutes. The valets kept calling taxi companies who would give them BS excuse on why no one was coming out. The shuttle the Silverton provides runs three times a day. You read that right: three times a day. 11a, 2p, 5p. They run your butt to the Forum Shops at Caesars and at 25 minutes after the time they leave Silverton, they pick your butt up and bring you back to the Silverton. THAT IS IT.    2. It's was kind of rocking the Geritol set when we were there. We only saw anyone young starting on Friday night. We saw people getting out of their cars with walkers.    3. This is definitely a locals hotel. This is probably where locals park their families when they come to town.    4. If you love the fishing thing, please stay here. The Bass Pro Shop is a huge draw and I would say it's great for the fisherperson but not for a couple of women who wanted to hang out and have fun.
5	very nice hotel that is off the strip. of course, that means you have to drive to get to the strip, but the good thing about it not being on the strip is the reasonable room prices and reasonable food prices. i don't gamble, but the rooms are definitely nice and comfy. the plushiest bed and pillows ever -- super soft and comfortable. i wish this was my bed at home! everything (including the hotel itself) is really clean (just how i like it). plus, the rooms have a CD player too! they also leave a newspaper at your door every morning. i just love how this place is clean, clean, clean. and of course, the luscious beds.the huge aquarium at the front entrance adds a really pretty touch; concierge is nice. and my dad said that the bass pro shops is huge and has a lot of stuff. unfortunately, i didn't get to check it out. but this is a place definitely worth looking into if you want to sleep comfortably and visit the las vegas strip during your vacation.
5	Like another reviewer said, the Silverton is a really nice alternative to the crowded, overpriced Strip.  Table games are affordable (you can't find $5 pai gow in many places anymore), they have nice restaurants (their steakhouse is very reasonably priced and has delicious food, just took an out-of-town friend there that frequents steakhouses in Vegas and he says it's the second best in town next to the Golden Steer, and for $30 you not only get your steak, but two sides and a salad as well), a nice atmosphere, a great fish tank that rivals if not exceeds the famous one behind the check-in desk at the Mirage, they have lots of nice specials at their bars and restaurants ($5 pizzas, $1 MGD's, $1 tequila shots during happy hours), etc.  This is actually a pretty nice place.  I've never stayed here but I come here somewhat frequently as a local and I enjoy it.
4	The Silverton Hotel is located off the strip on Blue Diamond Hwy. The theme is lodgy, outdoorsy, log-cabiney and I loved it! There's a huge tropical fish tank with stingrays, jellyfish, and all sorts of colorful creatures to gaze at. There was a really cute Airstream trailer with two small bowling lanes in it, it was called "Airstream Bowling" and it was really neat! The rooms were comfy with goose down pillows, big fluffy towels, and Bath and Body Works toiletries. The rooms are priced just right at $59 a night for the weekdays and $99 for the weekends. The Silverton is a perfect little get away that's not too far away.
4	I have stayed there quite a few times over the past few years.  This is mainly because they treat you much better than the on-strip hotels.  Its still considered a "locals" hotel given where it is located (blue diamond and I-215).  Its a smallish place that is very clean.  The rooms are "lodge" rooms.  Lots of wood, and pretty comfortable.  Not big, not fancy but fine.  My last room was a little lower quality but that seems to be an aberration to the other 7-8 times I have stayed there.The food there is good.  I have eaten at their three largest restaurants - the buffet, the steakhouse, and the coffee shop.  Thumbs up on all three.Note: the last time I was there, about 3 weeks ago, they were still in the midst of their construction.  They have since cancelled the tower hotel but are completing the garage and courtyard area.  So the place is a bit of a mess right now but that will be fixed in the next few months.
2	my new local casino - so far, not impressed.Parking - it's a pain in the ass - the outdoors parking is too removed from the entrance - I can understand this if i was on the Strip but not a local hang.Casino - poker is ok; the craps - i like that its a $3 min with 10x odds, don't like that in my 3 visits, only one table is open;  Very few blackjack options, yet they have 2 roulette tables open ?Twin Creek looks like a nice restaurant - i will try soon.I'm sure the craps will keep me coming and i hope that Twin Creek will seal the deal
4	Ah, Silverton...How I used to love thee. Good craps, good food, good valet. But you've grown. It looks like all your attention went into that big new expansion, and you forgot some of the little things, like updating your slots. Yes, now you've got a Starbucks and a Johnny Rockets, but how about a Star Trek machine? Full-pay video poker?Silverton is a great "locals" casino. It's a nice enough place and has most of the amenities you would want. The slot club is far more rewarding than Station's in my experience, which was enough to get my play for a long time. Table games are good, $5 blackjack all day long, craps still even gets down to $3 during the days (I think) with 10x odds, and it's still only $5 even on the busiest weekend nights. Restaurants are all at least good enough, and Twin Creeks is actually pretty great. Valet service at night is *excellent*. Now if they would only put in some more slots that I'd actually wanna play, I could get back to my once religious visitation schedule and update this review to 5 stars.
3	Great Bass shop! I like that rustic feel, tables cheap.
4	What a fun low key casino.  It's a small size casno with a gigantic fish tank.  Have stayed there one time but kept coming back for the sights, Bass Pro shop and the food.  If you have kids take them in to see the fishies swing around, who knows you might even see a mermaid swing to.
4	I've been to many casino's believe you me and I've also worked in one for 5yrs and hated the food where I worked at but the Silverton's buffet is the best Ive ever been to. Sunday morning a variety of food from breakfast to lunch to dinner selections and it was DELISH! I had a mimosa, a raspberry one it was Yummo!! They have had a selection of fruits to put in your champagne not just your  plain ole' orange juice. It was great then come to find out I have comps on my Silverton card $75 bucks and Ive only been here once before and hardly gambled to earn the money I had a blast gambling and also enjoyed the giant fish tank with my family. Then of coarse you cant forget to visit the bass pro shop you can spend hours in there just looking around. I'll definitely visit this casino again!! :)
4	I love how quaint this hotel is!!! I love the decor. I love the theme. I also love how they use Bath and Body Works products for the complimentary toiletries. I love their fish tank. I love that they have a Starbucks. I also love how they have a gym.I have two complaints. One is that they ran out of non-smoking rooms, which is my own fault because I checked in really, really late. Smoking rooms are freakin stinky!!! And two is that their shuttle to the Strip is not often.If you don't mind staying off the Strip, this hotel is pretty cool place to stay. They have tons of slots and restaurants. Also, if you have your car, the drive to Strip is not far.
3	This isn't anything trendy but as a local it's good spot. I could walk here from my house. So i used to come down to the bar and drink or go to the cheap cafe when i was hungry. I don't gamble so i couldn't tell you muh on that. the lodge atmosphere is really nice expecially when you remember your in a desert. Also I've had many conversations with other locals here. It's just a casual hang out. Also parking is never bad. Um the drinks have been good and cheap. Not as happening as other casions but hey... Sometimes a switch of pace is a good thing.
3	Ok, low min on black jack ($5) and roulette ($3) without the grunginess of the downtown hotel prices and the noise and hubbub of the strip casinos.I needed a place not too crowded and easy to navigate and this provided a close casino from where I was staying.  And off season, was not too bad.  Since I don't allot a huge budget for gambling, this was the appropriate place to get some gambling in while in Vegas.They have slots from 1c to 1 dollar and various games of chance.  It is not necessarily far from the strip and not very crowded, mostly for locals.  And if you were a member of their player's club, you might even win a Snuggie after playing a specific amount of time.
4	Fun place to gamble and twin creeks has great food.
4	Came and stayed here at the last minute when our plans to stay at a friend's house fell through. Since we were planning on driving down the 215 to pass through the Hoover Dam on to the Grand Canyon the next day, we were between this place and the Tropicana. Walked into the Trop and the line to check in was practically out the door, so we hopped back in the car and drove to this place. $48 for a non-smoking double bed room at 2 am on a Thursday night? With no notice? Score! I'm sure the room would have been cheaper by booking online in advance, but at what they offered it to us for? We'll take it!The room was very clean, but the view was DISMAL-- of a service area with a cherry picker and a golf cart-- but what can you expect from an off-Strip hotel and casino with only 4 stories of hotel rooms? The bathroom offered Bath & Body Works soaps, which was nice, and the stay was nice as well, although housekeeping tried to come in at like 8 am. Seriously?If I need a last minute room in Vegas ever again, I'll definitely try this place out.
4	This is a locals heaven. The casino is easy to get in and out of, new, and the aquarium is great. the mermaid bar is awesome with great drink specials (bucket of 5 Heineken for 10 bucks) the air stream bowling is AWESOME!!! they have a great selection of restaurants although I've only eaten at Johnny Rockets. The only draw back is that the restaurants close super early, 10:30 on weekends which only leaves the cafe and we ate there yesterday and it was great food at a great price. had the fried chicken and potatoes and turkey w/ crann sandwich. if your an outdoors freak there's a HUGE Bass Pro shops attached to the casino.
2	GREAT food.  awesome bar w/huge fish tank & gimmicks.  i like the built-in pro bass shop.  fun/cool casino & staff.  extremely nice/comfortable rooms.  the bad thing: it's several miles from vegas & no free shuttle anymore. also, i used to get comped rooms & the new person in charge of offering them wants about $30/nite sun-thurs.  a 30 spot & isolated from the strip w/no shuttle?--Meh.
2	So this time around at the Silverton we didn't have such a great time, the room we got was a smoking room and I'd asked for non-smoking so that was disappointing! I was the first to enter the room and it stunk like stale smokes..........grotty!! I had to pee so bad from the long drive in that I went straight to the bathroom and as I looked up after sitting down what do I see stuck to the back of the bathroom door a disgusting BOOGER! WTF??? My first thought was great I better clean it off before the rest of the gang got up there because knowing my family they were going to see it and think I put it there then my second thought was gross I better take the comforter off my bed so when my son gets into this room he won't sit on the nasty thang! You all know that when you stay at any hotel they don't change the comforter (as often as they should) just the sheets under it and do you know how many people have touched that thing not to mention what they could of done on it.................DESPICABLE!! Enough about the room lets move on to the shitty service we received at the Season's Buffet. How hard is it to take a drink order for 6 people who are all drinking the same drink except for 1person come on now don't get all pissy with me cause you can't take a drink order rolling his eyes and asking me to slow down how much slower could I have gotten 5 coffees and orange juices and one kids chocolate milk!! Easy as pie you would think then he took 15 minutes to bring them half my family were on their second plates of food before they got their drinks and you don't want to sit with my mom at breakfast time without her having her coffee in her system trust me................can we say bitch-o-lina!! It was already 11am and she hadn't had her coffee yet and shes used to taking in her caffeine by 630am so yeah it was already a bad morning for us all.........haha (don't get me wrong I love my mom but I tell's the truth when it comes to attitudes) The food was still great and I was full on my first plate but I felt I needed to eat my $16.99 worth so I went back for some crab and I'm glad I did it was light and didn't do much harm to my already full stomach I took my time and was the last one to leave the table with my grandmother who also eats slow!! All in all id still go back to the Silverton for my meals but I'm a skeptic on the hotel room situation! Oh and BTW nobody but me ever noticed the damn booger on the back of the bathroom door in the hotel room. Thank goodness cause I'm telling you I would of been blamed for it!!
4	Silverton always comes to the rescue. We have stayed here on numerous occasions and love this place. Nope its not on the strip, nope its not Bellagio but the value and deals you get here are wonderful. My husband took up the post card offer we received from them for being a club card member. We paid for 3 nights $150 and that's including 4th of July! The room has everything you need in Vegas, a mini bar, plush bed and most importantly ice cold A/C. We never sleep in at home but here it would be at least 10am before we would wake up. My recommendations with staying here is to definitely rent a car, this is way off the strip and not close to much. But with a car you are on the strip in minutes and I like getting away from the hustle and bustle. They have done some recent remodeling and it looks great, they also added a huge parking garage but we never used it since we stick to valet parking. The only negative I can think of is their pool. It has not been remodeled and its rather ho hum, they did add nice furniture and cabanas to give it that Vegas feel. Over the holiday weekend we were able to take advantage of some great deals, especially meal wise. They have added a nightly resort fee, $5.50 not bad but not really sure what you get for that. If you're looking for cheap and off the strip give this place a try. Oh and the joy for the husband here is that the place is attached to Bass Pro, the Disneyland for hunters and fishermen.
4	When you first come to this place you'll experience the lodge theme atmosphere...but with a casino!  As you go through the main entrance there's a huge(AND I MEAN HUGE!!!!) 17,000 gallon aquarium to gaze upon. It's pretty cool!  Next door, is a large Bass Pro Shop for you outdoor junkies, like me! :)Haven't stayed here but have gambled many times. It gets busy but never seems to be real crowded.  Usually able to find a slot you like to play without waiting for a seat to open. I mainly play the tables and like that they tend to be low minimums (usually $5). Crap table picks up more in the afternoon and roulette allows you to play with .50 chips if you'd like.For some reason, I do fairly well at this place.  All the workers seems pretty cool too. Gives a good vibe when I'm gambling.A great place to warm yourself up before hitting the big casinos.  However, you could also just stay here to gamble slowly or to get away from all the hoopla on the strip.Oh, and I highly recommend the Seasons Buffet here. Not bad for the price. It's discounted with a Silverton casino card and if you just joined you'll get a book with some 2-for-1 coupons.
5	I'm now the biggest fan of this place. Why? I got a club card, got 3x points and a book of coupons like 2 FOR 1 and whatnot. I live down the street so it's a great place to chill. Plus as a local (perhaps not for tourists) it's chill and cheap. I've met countless friends and family members here and it's always been fun.
3	The Casino is spread out and finding the entrance had its challenges. Parking close to the front entrance was easy and the valet was very courteous. The inside of the Casino entrance had a very large fish tank. I was so tired I couldn't really spend time looking at it, however it really did look nice. The fish were huge inside. I was disappointed in the price of the stay, due to the location they are the only game in town for a restful sleep. The price we paid $99.68 for 7 hours sleep. But that was not all, our room overlooked the pool, which couldn't be used because a concert was set up for that night, to make matters worse it was so load we couldn't sleep until it was over. Our 7 hours ended up to be 5 hours. The beds are comfortable, the rooms spacious, but beware of the water bottles and condiments filling up the refrigerator in the room. THE ARE NOT COMPLIMENTARY! The prices will send you into bankruptcy, luckily we didn't use anything. For the price you would think that they would at least have forget something policy, like a toothbrush, or comb, but they do not. They did offer you the opportunity to purchase on at the gift store when it opens at 9 AM. We were checked out by 6 AM. We didn't play there so I cannot comment but just for rest while driving, better places were just further in town for a lot less. We saw East Side Cannery (brand-new) $29.99 a night.
2	Could getting in this place be any more of a hassle?  Well probably, lol.  I went here to check out the Bass Pro Shop which was awsome.  I'm not a hunter, fisher or a camp person but I had fun in this store.  They have all these stuffed animals everywhere, and everything you could possibly think of for the outdoors.  The staff was friendly, and I was able to find what I was looking for.  I even walked out with a pink leopard print marshmellow gun.  Did not care for the timeshare sell, I expect to see that crap all over the strip, but not in a fishing joint.  This store alone gave them the two star rating, for the hotel/casino/eats part it would have been just a one.  Went to grab a quick bite at the 24 hour cafe and I have never felt so duped.  The place smelled great, I thought the food would be awsome too.  No.  I started off with iced tea, but the menu didn't state it was Tazo tea from Starbucks.  Awful, I should have known when my sweet and low sunk to the bottom like a nasty crack rock instead of dissolving.  Next I ordered the chicken fingers to start with.  The menu said chicken fingers but they served us wings.  Way too much bone and no actual food to be found on these things.  Started to think that nothing on the menu is going to come out as described.  Not sure of what to order I look to the next table to see a cute little burger basket with fries and all the fixings, so I order a burger too.  WTF mine came slapped on a plate with half the crap missing and tiny skinny baby fries.  Took one bite and my so called medium-well is dripping in blood.  I send it back only to get another pink burger, well I'm not sending back again because the third time it's coming back with something a little extra.  Service sucked, food sucked, drinks sucked and I will never eat here again.  Blah!
2	This hotel is near where my brother and his wife live in Las Vegas and they come here often and were lovely enough to procure rooms here for us over Thanksgiving weekend. When we were checking in my brother called this a "locals casino" and that's probably right. It's off the strip and pretty quiet. Not a lot of bells & whistles here. Was it comfortable enough? Absolutely. Comfortable beds with pillow-top mattresses, Bath & Body Works toiletries, etc. Would I stay here again? No.The buffet here is outstanding and there's a lovely aquarium when you enter. But I had some pretty significant cleaning issues with my room, and nasty room stuff is pretty much a dealbreaker.  It was taken care of, so I give them credit for that, but the Silverton and I likely shan't meet again . If I lived here it might be a good, off-strip spot to hang out. But I'm not crazy enough about it to recommend it as a hotel for out-of-towners.
4	Somewhere between 3 stars and 4, so I gave it the benefit of the doubt since the food is pretty good there, and the hotel, for it's price, is a good value with everything you need right there. The night I stayed, the fire alarm went off in the middle of the night, which was a downside, but that can occur anyplace.  Again, the food is good, and reasonable.If you are staying the night and an AAA member, get $5 off each night.I'll be staying there again since it's price vs what you get is hard to beat in vegas.
4	Had a GREAT weekend at the lodge. From check in to check out the staff was attentive and very helpful. The casino, bars, and  rooms  were clean and ready to go.  The service was prompt and curtiuos. Just a real enjoyable stay. Yes, you are off the strip and the beaten path but all of which are just a few minutes away. I will definately be back in the near future. One added bonus. Everytime I play here I win a little something something. Gotta love that. See ya soon. Keep up the good work.
4	Yay!  I'm a fan.My husband's work friends recommended we try Silverton's.We admit to being a bit skeptical, but everything turned out way better than we expected.This is how we're going to do Vegas from now on.We were in town for a Hawaii relative reunion and they were scattered all over downtown and the strip.  So to meet up with them before our big event, we'd have to be driving around anyways.  10 extra minutes of driving?  No big deal.What I appreciated about the Silverton:Quiet!  Nice room (booked through hotels.com-only $58 a night! Plus $7.50 resort fee)Clean.Friendly employees.Parking- plenty of it and very close.Lovely aquarium inhabited by a nose plug-wearing mermaid.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rTZVcJZ8G80i6NjLw0SW8Q?select=uv_YCxK1b20q74WcqcJYOQLovely indoor waterfall display.  I was tempted to jump the rail and frolic about. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rTZVcJZ8G80i6NjLw0SW8Q?select=i6Wm1FnYh-WK0DJOhhovUgMost of all, a very relaxed atmosphere.  Maybe it's my age, but the frenetic hustle & bustle of downtown and the strip just aren't my cup of tea anymore.After checking out, I decided to try out the Wizard of Oz slots by the main lobby.  Woohoo!  Glinda the Good Witch waved her wand and gifted me with $161 !!!  Good way to end a good visit, eh?!(No foodie reviews for this visit.)
4	We came here for our final meal before boarding our flight home to Seattle.  It west of the strip off I-15 and only a few minutes away from the airport.  We had a buy 1 get 1 free coupon for the buffet from the ACG so we decided tp give it a try.  We came on a Friday night and it was seafood night and the price was $24.99 a person which I thought was really decent even if I didn't have a coupon for the quality of the food.  The seafood included; cedar plank salmon, snow crab legs (hot and cold), oysters, shrimp cocktail, baked shark meat, and a crap load of fried seafood.  They also had a carving station with the standard turkey and prime rib.  The prime rib was a little tough compared to some of the other buffets in Vegas but it was still decent.  A plus about this buffet is that unlimited wine/beer is included so that deserves an extra star.  Also this casino is connected to a huge Bass Pro Store so we got to spend some time there looking at fishing and camping equipment as we were burning some time before our flight.Good place, would totally recommend if you're tired of being on a strip, which we certainly were after being in Vegas for 4 nights and 5 days!
3	This is a value hotel that is located near the strip and conveniently off I-15, especially for those coming from California. The rooms are spacious and the rates are generally very reasonable. It is a small hotel (300 rooms) so its easy to get in and out and the new garage connected to the hotel makes parking a breeze.However, this hotel recently implemented a $7.50 daily resort fee, which doesn't provide anything they didn't have BEFORE they started charging the fee, and was not disclosed to me during the reservation. Of course, you arrive the first night and the front desk tells you -- so what are you going to do. The resort fee 'includes' the shuttle service -- which runs so sporadically to begin with (doesn't start to the airport till 8am, for example) that its hardly worth it. And even when you DO adjust your schedule so you can take their shuttle (as I did to take it back from Town Square, a shuttle stop) it never shows up. I called the hotel and took me five tries to get through to an operator (it kept going to voicemail) and then ask the operator to connect me to bell desk .. which.. you guessed it... took me to voicemail.In the end I took a cab back which wasn't too expensive, but it was the principle of paying a bogus resort fee and not even getting the 'perks' out of it. I showed my tax receipt and the night supervisor took off just enough resort fees to cover my taxi fee (which was 2/3 nights I was there). This was acceptable, though tacky -- any hotel that is service oriented would have waived the whole thing when they fail to provide the service.And then I get up to my room and find that they didn't even clean the room. Now I'm waiting for them to add a cleaning fee, but so far they didn't, so I called .. and was told that I left the do not disturb sign on. I know this not to be true as my wife and I came to the room several times in the day and verified it was the correct 'make up room' sign instead. So basically, instead of offering another token gesture (a free dessert? I don't know) they make up excuses and blame the guest.I will not be staying here again unless i have to and I recommend others to choose South Point which is nearby and only marginally more expensive. They have made mistakes too (I'll write another review about them) but they always own up to them. Or pick any Harrahs properties -- some are very cheap and they dont charge resort fees.. FIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT AGAINST RESORT FEES!EDITED TO ADD: Despite repeated promises to take off two days of resort fees (which barely covered the taxi fee I was supposed not to have paid) I only had one night taken off. As it was 6am I did not have the energy to fight again. Stay at this hotel only if its cheap as service is poor.
2	The accommodations were an improvement from our previous stays.  The location is another plus: somewhat close to friends south of the Strip and in Henderson.  The parking garage is a big plus.The RESORT FEE ticks me off.  You never hear of it until too late.  I've stayed at Sam's Town and paid the resort fee there, but didn't think to check before checking in here.  Gotta do a better job of checking on ALL hotels with that fee and ALL hotels without that fee.I will not stay here again.
4	This place is nice. With down to earth dealers and staff. There is this bar in the back by the BassShop, it has some pretty good bartop machines. I won some cash there, so that was cool. Table mins are like $5, so its even more fun. I've been in one of the rooms, it was pretty big, I'd recommend my family to stay there.
3	The lady who helped me over the phone was very nice, as I've been calling other hotels to check for low rates for a little vacation for me and bf.  She was the best so far, she didn't seem to rush me off the phone, and answered all my questions not sounding annoyed lol.The price for the stay is very nice and within my budget.  What makes me happy also is that the pool is also open to the public as we live close by.
4	Sometimes when you're in Vegas, you just want to sit back... and gamble... for cheap. Down and dirty. You, the cards, and the dealer. Silverton Casino lets you accomplish that, but maintains the atmosphere of a nice, clean place. It's a win-win, really. Because it's far off the strip, you'll find better priced table games, less crowds, and friendlier dealers. I had a conversation once with a dealer and ended up getting great tips for meals on the strip and in the downtown area. Also, if your group has non-gamblers, there's a great aquarium/mermaids display that should awe them long enough for you to get a few craps rolls in. It's also worth peeling yourself away from the table for because it's huge and fun! Thursdays are dollar drinks days- dollars draft beers and wells from the casino bars. The bars can be slow when a mob of drinkers comes by, but I found my bartender poured heavy and was rather attentive considering I was only paying a buck for each serving. This has become a must-stop for my group of friends to ensure we expel all of our gambling demons before heading back home to the occasional lotto game.
4	I like this place.A place where a lot of locals come to gamble,eat and probably go shopping.The bass pro shop is connected to the casino.They have a nice aquarium for the kids,the food is very reasonable and the dinner buffet is great considering that it is off the strip.But,there is a lot of the strip that people should venture to...not everything has to be high priced to be good in vegas..rooms clean,people nice,pool  medium size-small...but a good price to stay at...I like it.
3	"As seen on TV" all over the place...That is my one memory of this hotel / casino...when you go to check your point balance there are piles and piles of "As seen on TV" things that you can trade your points for.You know that's what I come to Vegas for...to lose my money and get a special thing to grow hanging tomatoes in.  4 to 5 stars for the rooms2 to 3 for the location3 for the parkingThe only reason we ever stayed here was because they had a free room promo for out of towners shortly after they opened.  They have BEAUTIFUL rooms.   Every single time I have stayed here I have been very impressed with the room.  The parking is somewhat confusing...there's a huge parking lot and a smaller parking garage.  I would assume the big parking lot is made for all the RVs and big trucks that they would want to stay here.  The parking lot is the reason we made sure to stay here when we were moving from SoCal to Utah.  We could park the 16 foot truck in the parking lot and not have to worry about it...My one other complaint is that even though its really nice here it is pretty far from the strip (a couple miles I would assume) and you have to take a shuttle or drive if you wanna hang out on the strip.  When you are staying on the strip you can leave your car parked all weekend and just walk everywhere.I also wish they had a little better selection of newer slots but that would just mean there were more ways for me to lose my money...and that is never a good thing.    :0)
4	I really like the Silverton Casino. I don't get to come here too often ,and usually only make it if it's for Pure Aloha Hawaiian Festival or something! My friend stayed in the rooms here so that's how i seen it, its very nice and very clean. Easy access to the pool area.  and there is also a 24 hour cafe...i think it was called Cafe Mesa.
4	I finally checked this place out last night. It's no GVR or M, but it's a nice alternative. Had a lovely evening at Twin Creeks and the Mermaid bar is so f-ing kischty I was in heaven. The mermaid bar and Twin Creeks alone earn this place 4 stars!
4	big fish tank kids love it , they have feeding shows where u can watch the fish eat as the divers (yes divers) talk to you !!
3	In the vein of Vegas casinos, the Silverton is in the middle of nowhere--far off the strip, down near Blue Diamond Road in the south of the valley.  It's amazing that this casino is as busy as it is.  But step into the casino and you can see why people like it.  It's stylish.  Laid out as a local's casino, you would assume that it is all business, no pleasure.  But the casino has a modern design.  And it's fun.  Well, the bars are fun and the steakhouse (Twin Creeks) is fun.    And the casino knows how to celebrate a holiday.  If you go around Christmas, they submerge Santa Claus in a massive aquarium to answers children's requests.  Amazing.
3	For some reason, I remembered the hotel used be more fancier then it is. Perhaps that was a few too many years ago... lol I still do love this casino and lodge though! It's comfy and cozy but the rooms are ready for an upgrade. For example, the bathroom really old school and TV, which was a small 27'' old school TV. -No free wifi :-( - (although you can steal from their or others unsecured network, it was still not convenience) They have Bath and Body Works products! That's one of the reason I wanted to come back here..lol But the bottles are so small, it's barely enough for 2 people. The pool area is gorgeous, but it was too cold to go swimming this Winter :-( It's about 6 miles off the strip, so if you do not have a car, it's not convenient. They do have daily free shuttle service to the Strip. Overall, the stay was great. It was promo special $60 buy one night get second night free! Definitely a great deal. But watch out for their (Las Vegas) new 15% or so extra service amenity charge. I felt like I was cheated from that.
4	Let me just say, a casino with a BASS PRO SHOPS built in.. That's, THE SHIT! Not only that, the Caesars Palace-like aquarium right outside of the casino entrance from that shop, AND the cherry topper of it all...I dig the buffet. (You can reference my review of the buffet if you'd like) I have not been able to see any of the lodging that they offer, but to me, i dig that rustic, country sort of vibe i get in the Silverton. I took my grandparents here to gamble when they were visiting, and my grandfather, in particular, had great luck with the slots! The crowd is quiet, and the food court in the center is quite convenient. It's not too big of a place to get lost in, too, so that's always nice. A nice locals casino.
5	I gotta admit... I was a little disappointed when my husband strongly suggested a hotel OFF the strip for our honeymoon... but...I LOVED IT! Going back next month. VERY nifty deco, beautiful clean rooms, attentive waitresses (we had a new beer before each one was halfway gone at the slots!)... just a really fun time all around. We didn't even go to the strip afterall lol!!
3	Oh Silverton, why must you take all of my money?I've visited your humble casino a few times and am utterly decimated each and every time.Is it because I gamble poorly?(I do fine elsewhere) Is it because you don't like me? (Maybe but you feed me a lot of drinks) Wait!? That's it! You get me so plastered that I can't see or think straight and end up giving you all of ze moneys. Other than getting murdered at cards, slots and keno; this place is cool and comfortable. There are a few bars scattered around with different drink specials throughout the week and one serves $5 pitchers sometimes! They have a mermaid tank equipped with sharks and other aquatic animalia. It's quite peaceful. Slots galore and a few $5 blackjack tables. There is an attached Bass Pro Shop which is fun once you've lost all of your money. The buffet is awful and from what I hear, the rest if the restaurants don't measure up either.
3	I brought my parents and relatives here because I couldn't gamble any more and needed to find free entertainment to keep me occupied. *haha* I had heard that there was a mermaid show here, done in this giant tropical fish tank. And off we went.The tank is rather nice, with a good assortment of aquatic fish. The walls around the tank have framed mermaid themes artwork. The "show" however was just so-so. The costume was rather cheesy, though it's family friendly, as you saw small children wave to the diver dressed as a mermaid. No fancy swimming or anything.But it's free, and it's something to do. *haha* It's at the southern edge of the strip, so perhaps make a trip there on your way in or out of Las Vegas.
4	I like to stay on the strip, but a large group of buddies was staying here so I reluctantly agreed.  Very clean, much bigger than I expected.  Part of the Bass Pro-shop which is like a museum.  Fish tank is as big as my house, diver gets in every day and talks to you while feeding the fish.  Then a mermaid gets in, if you're a guy (or girl) this is a much see!  Room was large and cheap.  Park your own car in easy walking distance.  The money you'd save easily pays for taxi's+  Standard size pool and hot tub.  I'd go back no question.  Gambling?  My buddy lost a few hundred, I won a few hundred, pretty standard for Vegas.
4	What was once known as the Boomtown Hotel & Casino, this joint has come a long way.  The food is very good here and the value is great.  My friends and I enjoy coming here for a mid-week lunch buffet.  The selection of food is very good and we like how they serve the food in smaller portions on the buffet line so that it stays hot and fresh.We also like to come here to browse the MASSIVE Bass Pro Shops store here.  Everything from Golf Clubs to bow & arrows to guns can be found here.  There's even an indoor shooting range for you to try out the weapons before you buy.....very cool!The casino is not too large and has a good mix of games.  I no longer gamble, but my friends who do and live nearby enjoy coming here to play and get their monthly gift from the player's club.Overall, it's a fun Locals casino....I only wish it was closer to home.Return Factor - 85%
4	I went for the first time for the Pure Aloha Festival. It was very nice and clean inside. I enjoyed the aquarium. My cousin and I saw the gelato bar. She had a taste but said it was bland/nasty. So I suggest you don't buy any gelato. haha
4	I have lived here over a year and I came here for the first time this weekend. Wow, I am fairly impressed. It is very clean and has a Bass pro Shop inside that is huge. Also the Mermaids are cool and there is a cool little game area that has mini bowling in an Airstream. They do lack a decent Sportsbook so that is a whole star lost. But, if I lived closer I could see myself hanging out here a lot since the drink prices are decent and it is fairly relaxed. They also have free Starbucks available while you gamble and I know they have $1 drinks day. I have always joked with people I want to open a Pacific Northwest themed casino in Vegas with Salmon, fish throwers, people wearing sandals with socks, rain and Bigfoot. But, I think this is as close as you can get without scaring people away.
4	Great value as affordable as it gets in Las Vegas.Rooms are good but a problem with plumbing in both rooms we stayed in.Restaurants were quite good.Pool and hot tub area outside is very nice with palm trees and lots of room to space yourself from others.
5	As with most of my Hotel Casino reviews I haven't stayed at the Silverton Lodge so this is reviewing everything except the rooms division.I love the Silverton. It has a couple of decent restaurants, the inside is very sleek and classy and reminds me alot of The M Casino. And according to Anthony M. Twin Creeks has one of the best bourbon selections in town.Although, for me, its the most dangerous place in all of Vegas. Let me explain why.One of the best kept secrets in Vegas is on Thursday nights. The Silverton has a makeshift "pub crawl" inside the Casino at it's many bars.Here's the kicker...Drinks...not just beers...but Drinks, ALL DRINKS, are $1 you-call-it for an hour at each of the 4 bars for 1 hour each. That means ANY drink is $1 for 4 hours.I'll stop for a minute and let you reflect on that..................OK, I think everyone can now see where the danger comes in (As small as the casino is I have gotten lost and not been able to find the 4th bar by the time its turn came.On top of all of that you add in:Live entertainmentThe Mermaid Aquariuma Great food courtSuper Friendly staff$5 single deck blackjack&.....&......&.....A Bass Pro Shop....where I can stumble in and drunkenly hit golf balls on the digital shot analyzer, then stumble upstairs and debate the merits of purchasing a cross bow, a rifle or a tazer, and afterwards, an elevator ride past a giant riverscaped fish tank just calling for me to dive in.This place has more potential for mischief than a frat party held at a petting zoo.
4	Free buffet, and the crab legs are fresh...Just sign up for a free players card.Small table game area, but employees are super nice.Only 10 minutes from the strip.All mininums start at $5.Check out the hotel lobby, sometimes there's real mermaids swimming the fish tanks.Never too busy here.
4	We stayed at Silverton Lodge and Casino and had a wonderful experience.  Our room was nice and large, quiet and the mattress was extremely comfortable.  We ate at the buffet and the variety of entrees was amazing and the food was scrumptious.  All the staff was extremely courteous.  We will definitely stay here when we book our next trip.
4	I'm loving this place more and more. After many visits to the bars, countless trips to the buffet, and hard earned money lost; this place simply amazes me. It's quaint in a wonderful way and still pretty modern and relevant. Thursday night bar craws might be the best idea ever. Stagger your way across casino floor drinking yourself silly from bar to bar. All drinks are $1. Yes, you heard it. ONE FRICKIN' DOLLAR! Too good to pass up.Besides the awesome drink specials, below average yet hangover curing buffet, and cheap gaming options; this place is full of friendly staff, friendlier patrons, and a Bass Pro Shop! Are you kidding me? Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, they throw in guns and outdoor gear. A true heaven.
4	I like the Silverton Casino, it was close to a friend's house we were staying at and not on the strip. It's huge inside and a ton of machines and tables. I had a good time playing the slots but I feel my next visit will be better cause I'll bring more money! Drinks are a great price and you get free drinks playing the tables and slots. I wanted to buy a drink at the bar cause I was done gambling but it was 1am and the bars inside were closed! Not quite sure why but oh well. Will return and look forward to the visit!
2	I'm not a big fan of review casinos. For one thing I can't review about their rooms because I never stay in e'm. Another thing is that I can't review e'm for their stuff in it and how friendly the staff is here because again, I'm not rooming here. I simply come to casinos for their entertainment, gambling and food. If you want me to review about this place on their entertainment, gambling and food every time I go to a casino, then it will get really boring and very low in rating because there isn't much show entertainment at off the strip casinos, gambling is never fun because you can never win and food isn't good unless its a buffet, but even that sometimes isn't worth it after you lost so much money at the gambling table. So with those 3 things I come to a casino/hotel for, most if not all my ratings would be -2. With that being said, since I've been into a lot of casinos, and this is my first casino/review. I've decided to rate and review them all simply by cleanliness/confortableness, layout, staff helpfullness (not gambling, waiter related). And my overall experience meaning if I will come back yada yada.For this casino/hotel in particular, there wasn't much of a gambling area, layout was a bit small, sportsbook is very very tiny and not much variety of bets you can get in. Feeling comfortable was a bit of an issue here as it felt very secluded in this casino. Though these few things were a bit off, entertainment with Mermaids and fish feeding was quite interesting. They do mermaid shows here in 3 different times, try to see when you can come and check this out, it's pretty cool.
1	The rooms are decent but nothing to write home about. Most hotels in Vegas have as good or better rooms for the price. The huge issue I have with this place is service. It is terrible. The bar is way under staffed and the bar tender actually told me to wait again and again for 20 minutes. I finally went to the front desk and bought a fifth of jack to pour for myself and friends. The bartender never even came back.Now that would not really justify a 1 star vote but I stayed there for two nights and had a terrible time getting drinks at the slots and table games. I even requested drink service from the pit boss and he said "yeah it can be tough as we have cut back on cocktailers" what? so they know the bar service sucks but still they do it? bad business
4	I like the feel of this Casino. It always seems clean to me and it's close to home. I could sit for hours just watching the Aquarium filled with all kinds of fish,sting rays, sharks and coral. It's not a big Aquarium but it's just right. I enjoy it also when the Mermaid comes out and plays with the fish ect... There is also a scuba diver who comes out and feeds the sharks ect...This hotel is attached to a Bass Pro Shops which really  gives you a hands on shopping experience. A whole review will go to Bass Pro Shops but trust me even if you don't like the outdoors you'll still have fun exploring in this store.Everytime there is a festival here like Pure Aloha or  San Genero it is always clean with easy access.I have never stayed here nor have I gambled here so I have no honest opinion on those subjects.The food options are OK and the BF loves Johnny Rockets and there's one here.....So all in all the Silverton Casino is A-OK in my book!!!!
4	I recently spent three days at the Silverton with my wife and had a great experience, as always... probably the fifth time I have stayed there... well away from the busy, crazy strip, the Silverton is a quite, clean, low-stress hotel-casino with great resteraunts, a complete but not crowded gaming floor, and a huge aquarium near their Mermaid Bar, where you can sit with a cigar and just watch the fish without being hustled or jostled... we went to Bellagio while we were there to see a show, and I was really put off by the huge crowd (on a Thursday)... The Silverton is a great place to have fun, eat, and use as a basecamp for your other Las Vegas plans...
2	I'm just speaking on the buffet, and this probably ranks one of the worst for me. The buffet was cheap, literally and I guess you get what you pay for. We waited like 45 minutes for a table, the people were friendly, but food was not good. You better off going to like the luxor buffet. The highlight was the giant fish tank and Bass Pro shop.
4	I wish they let me in the fish tank with my 3 prong.  Love the outdoor wooden cabin feel. Huge basspro hunting fighing, etc store on one side of the property. Pub crawl at various bars for $1 drinks not just beer, shots and speciality drinks on Thursday. Good selection of restaurants, a buffet that has polynesian night special of Thursday. The past few years they have hosted Pure Aloha and San Genarro feast. It's located just south off the strip.
4	This is a great casino just minutes from the Las Vegas Strip. I love the feel of this place as it is very clean and not too smokey at all. They have all the table games that you want to play, at $5 minimum. Lots of slots!We signed up for the players card and received a free ticket to the buffet. It happened to be steak and seafood night with all the fresh crab you could eat. And all this was for free for just signing up. Started out with Sushi and it was really good. Went on to the carving station for Turkey and Prime Rib, excellent. Mashed potatoes were fantastic. Crab legs were good and the desert area was very good with homemade ice cream that they will had scoop for you for Rootbeer floats for sundaes. I think this is one of the best buffets in Vegas!
3	Pros:Bed, amazeballs!!!! I could live in this bed like Queen Elizabeth! Good tv, good size, location in room, all the cable & movie bells and whistles. Inexpensive with $26 upgrade to luxury king, nicely bundled with concert tickets priced GREAT! Everything new & excellent condition. Bath & Body Works toiletries. Really good room service, basic food done well and priced well under highway robbery. The Bass store is unreal, we watched the turtles & fish literally for 30+ minutes. Very fast valet parker. Cons: RUDE MOTHER TRUCKING STAFF! Srsly people. This is the service industry. I bloody well expect every person in the hotel from check in to bartender to valet parker answering the phone to give a crap about my vacation to the extent that they smile (or pretend to) and say you're welcome. I SEE how understaffed you are, that there aren't enough bartenders, waitresses, hostesses, front desk staff. A) Fix the issue. When the property is operating at 100% capacity employ enough people to run the damn thing. B) Educate the people who are working on customer service. I'm an ex service industry person myself so I notice. I'm a big tipper when service is good and a decent tipper when it's not. Please to tell staff their paycheck both this weekend and in the future relies on how much they act like they care (a special nod in this dept to the brunettes in the middle bar).Best service the whole three day weekend was the lovely blonde in the grill working after the Avett Bros show. Please promote her, she should be in charge of staff training and HR.Warning to potential visitors: this is nowhere near the strip. If you enjoy the strip, cab fare ($25 each way) more than makes up for any savings you earn by staying at Silverton. It is a really nice property, though. I was impressed by the facilities.
4	Overall had a good time. Enjoyed the atmosphere and all the employees were friendly and helpful. Wish they had a full sports book.  We got free buffet coupons with our stay, plus additional free buffet coupons after signing up for players card. I would not pay full price for the buffet but was glad we were able to save some money for dinner and breakfast.
5	This is just about the buffet. They cater to locals but its also great if you're just coming into Vegas from Los Angeles. If you're on I-15 just look left prior to the blue diamond exit. Get a players card and your first buffet may be free. UPDATE: Monday Senior  buffet for players card holders is just $5. The food is really good. Not as good as some on the strip, but it's not $50 either. You won't be disappointed.
3	If your out west and your a redneck, this is the place for you. LOL Bass Pro Shops right next door, how can you resist.I've never done well gambling here. I'm also not impressed with their food, I've eaten at the Seasons Buffet and the Sundance Grill and didn't like either of them and have never gone back. Johnny Rockets is a safe bet, it's a chain, burgers and fries are good.We stayed here on my wedding night, we wanted something cheap, close to home, and not on the strip. I was happy with our room, the decor reflects the hotel theme, very rustic, like a cabin in the country. Not like we really noticed;) The room was only about $40. The bed was comfy (we tested it thoroughly) and everything was clean.(Until we got done with it) There was no noise coming from outside the room (but I can't say the same about inside the room) LOLStaff is always willing to answer question, friendly and helpful. Drinks are good and affordable.
4	This place is awesome!!  As much as I frequent Las Vegas, I have always wanted to give this place a try....I'm so glad we did.  I've never really been one to want to stay on the strip, so this Casino was right up my alley.  Just 2 exits or so away off the 15 from the Strip, Silverton is in a great neighborhood across the street from a Target, Lane Bryant/Cacique and many other stores.Casino was not smoky at all, was very clean, the staff was friendly.Our room was nicely cleaned, beds were comfortable and they had GREAT pillows.  Only gripe....bathroom was rather small, and you have to drag your luggage through the Casino to get to the hotel check-in area.  I would definitely stay here again
3	This review is for the Mermaid Bar in the Silverton.  I haven't stayed in the hotel or gambled there much but the Bass Pro Shops is awesome so I drop by everytime I'm in Vegas.  I had a few minutes and felt like a drink so I dropped by the Mermaid Bar which is located right by the giant fish tank at the entrance to Bass Pro Shops.  When I walked by the fish tank there was a diver in the water doing a class on the fish inhabitants of the tank.  Pretty cool for a casino.  The bar had a great deal going, during the football games on Sunday there were some great drink deals ($1 beers and Jaeger shots) and half price on the bar food menu.  I had 2 MGD 64's and a big plate of chicken wings for like $6.  Not to mention all the lovely ladies who work in the casino that made the view so enjoyable!  Next trip I may stay at the hotel but as far as eating and gambling, if you're looking for a relaxing casino off the strip to just hang out and have fun, this is the place.
2	The week end brunch is not worth $19.  The food was sitting out to long and looked dried up.  The only stuff worth eating was the made to order omelets and crab legs.
4	This casino is nowhere near where I live, but we were here for a Yelp event, so we decided to stay and sign up for cards and play for a while.  Parking was easy, the casino was clean and modern, the bathrooms were up-to-date, and the slot seats were comfortable.  The huge fish tank adds to the ambience.  What more could we ask for?  Okay, maybe winning a big jackpot.  Or even a small jackpot.  Didn't happen here.  Never happens anywhere.  So since it doesn't, this place fills the bill for a few hours of slot play.
5	Nice clean room, the casino looks brand new, and have many entertaiment for children included a hug aquarium and connected with the Bass Shop!
5	I was in town for the Halloween weekend and wanted something nice without the Vegas disappointments iv had at many casinos that boast great food.  I started with asking locals and one place always came up...twin creeks at the Silverton.  I suggest you show up hungry because the tapas are phenomenal.  the rib eye or tomahawk steak is a must...the lamb chops are the best iv had....these are a special accommodation ..so ask first if they have them available.....and if they do...order two!!!... they are that good......bacon wrapped figs need i say more.....The greeting into the restaurant was a pleasure,  staff are VERY friendly........I travel a lot so i eat out a lot.....I will never miss an opportunity to eat here when I'm in Vegas
4	I've been here many times before and have never been disappointed! Smaller, more comfortable "off-strip" casino inside the hotel. Front desk is just 75 feet from the elevators, so you don't have to walk thru the entire casino to get to your room. Quick and friendly check-in. Staff is knowledgeable. Room was clean, big comfortable bed, lots of pillows, clean bathroom. Everything worked: TV, Remote, Fridge, Internet, Shower. Cons: The room was a little on the dark side - even with all the lights on.
3	Can't say my stay here was all that great. However, with just visiting as a local, it ain't so bad. So we'll split the difference and go with 3 stars overall.The amount of parking here verges on absurd. There's a parking garage, plus TONS of parking lot parking all around the property.The casino itself is nice. Similar to most other off-Strip casinos. Decent gaming options, ok decor, etc.The restaurants options are a mixed bag. Twin Creeks is fabulous, but I can't say much for the other dining establishments.The bars are fun, though. The Mermaid Lounge is an awesome twist on your regular casino bar. Big aquarium with live mermaids! And the other bar, which keeps changing names, has mini-bowling in a trailer (there's an actual term / name for this, but I just don't care to know it).The standard rooms are ok. They're pretty much on par with a Days Inn (but with a mini-bar). The bed isn't that comfy, but the comforter and pillows are very comfy. The walls and whatnot show their wear. The bathroom is tiny. If you can get the room for cheap, it's not a bad place to stay - just don't expect the type of room you'll find elsewhere in Vegas.And I have to mention the fact that the front desk staff neglected to give us a key to the min-bar when we checked in and forgot to mention that a pending charge to cover potential incidentals would show up on the debit card used to check-in. Not huge things, but I've come to expect more from Vegas hotel staff.
4	We spent the weekend here 11 to 13 November. The rooms were a good price for a weekend. The rooms are nice enough but the beds are awesome. My OH didn't want to get out because he felt so comfortable. The bathrooms are small and we had an issue with drainage from the tub. It was quickly resolved though. They have Bath and Bodyworks toiletries which was a nice touch. Better than a lot of the others.We like the casino here. It is clean and easy to navigate. It has some of the slots that we like at the low denominations we like, so all is good. The mixed drinks come in huge glasses, easily three times the size of most strip casinos. I don't think they are very strong though.
4	My boyfriend's parents are thinking about buying a place in Vegas so after looking at some real estate we went here for food and to gamble a bit.  We got lunch at the Grille inside the Casino and it was great.  I ordered a breakfast sampler type thing and devoured the entire thing.  The waitress was nice and the food was really cheap.  I made a little bit of money on the slot machines, watched my boyfriend lose some money on craps, and then we headed back to our hotel on the Strip.  This complex is really large and I enjoyed dancing in the parking lot to the music they blast there.
4	I never seem to win at this hotel but i enjoy coming to this hotel. The brunch here i must admit is really good. This hotel has a very friendly atmosphere and alot of parking. One of the key attractions i think is the huge fish tank in the lobby right next to the bass pro shop which is also another reason why i come to this hotel often. There is ALOT of parking and never hard to find. There seems to be quite a few places to eat in here but ive never tried but will soon. Def a hotel people should check out.
5	Awesome place and great service! this is our favorite local casino because they treat  you great and the food at all the restaurants are pretty good. Twin creeks is pricey but well worth the money and the cafe is good also and the Prime rib is Excellent! the Buffet it really good especially on "specialty" days like Seafood,Polynesian or Steak nite.  happy hours are good and the "players club" sends u good stuff in the mail... over all great place and the bass pro shop is always fun =) and like the other person said...the mermaid show is exactly what she said lol anyways u should check it out cus it's a small and fun local casino.
4	Things I like:Off the strip, easy parking, and not crowded.Great promotions, great drinks, great games.Dealers and staff are overall very good. One time I did get harassed for a tip by a dealer, I think his name is AJ or AC (great way to get tips buddy)Things I dislike:One dealer (see above)The guest rooms are strange, somethings are very nice and expensive and somethings are Motel 6 cheap.  They have those old outside A/C & heater - sucks! And the hotel bathrooms are ultra-cheap. Cheap materials used and ugly shower curtain.The casino cafe - don't go there. Service a food are both horrible. I'll review that too.
1	I try to stick to the old "If I have nothing nice to say then say nothing at all" rule. But I just can't hold my tongue any more about this place.  I have given it way too many chances and it keeps failing me over and over. I want to like it because it is so close to my house, but they make it so hard! The service is atrocious. I will not get into all the horror stories I have about this place, but I will share the most recent one. The straw that broke the camels back, NYE! Las Vegas has endless options for New Years celebrations and we had a hard time choosing. Finally we saw an ad for Silverton and it said $10 open bar at all casinos bars from 9pm-1am. Now at this point we have already sworn off Silverton and are sick of their 'Bait & Switch' marketing techniques, but how could they possibly screw this up? Going into it we knew they will be understaffed on bartenders and they will be grumpy, but we were somehow okay with that part. We talked all of our friends into this thinking how bad could it be?? BAD! They only had ONE WELL OPEN for the open bar. 5 bartenders standing around doing nothing and one moving at snails pace at the only 'approved area' for open bar. This is NOT an open bar. This is a soup kitchen line 30 people deep for a sample cup of domestic beer.Oh Silverton you have fooled me for the last time. I put up with your home made sportsbook and the worst bartender services i've ever seen, but this is too much. I will never go here again. I'll wait till it goes out of business and PTs or Station Casinos reopens it as something good.
2	I had calamari at the Mermaid lounge after work. By the end of the night I started feeling ill, by the morning, I realized I had food poisioning. I emailed to the manager informing of what happened and she responded a few days later saying we apologize for your experience, we hope this doesn't stop you from visiting our restaurant. In spite of that terrible experience, we went to the buffet on another occasion and all of the food was loaded with grease  - why put oil in string beans??? It also took about 20 minutes for our waitress to bring drinks. There are too many other options in LV to waste money at the Silverton.
4	They have taller glasses than any casino I've been to. Their slots pay fairly decent. It's off the strip. The 1st floor of the garage is easy access. If you don't mind the walk to the front. I enjoy the promotions here & the gift giveways! The buffet has recently stepped up their game the last time we went. but usually It's a long line & horrible waiter service cause it's so packed when we do decide to go. But luckily it's worth it when you have food comps. The cafe is decent food. small portions.. horrible waiter service.While playing slots some waitresses don't provide the service I'd like. sometimes it takes up to 20 minutes for them to get back to us. & the iced coffee I ordered tastes horrible from the ice melting... yuck. On slow nights, I've sat there for over an hour & not one cocktail waitress walks by... I noticed they have stepped up their service a bit but still needs more work. I gave this 4 stars because they have been on my good side lately.
4	Review for casino only:The renovations the Silverton made a few years back has expanded the casino and expanded the food and drink offerings.  The casino is more spacious and the layout of the machines is a very comfortable one.The new garage has made parking very easy.  They even had the good thinking to put a slot ticket change machine near the exit where you get the elevators to the garage parking.I am a fan of the Silverton.
4	I was coming into town a day early (Saturday) and I was looking for a cheap place to stay and I found it here.  All the other hotels were way over $100 even off of the strip.  When I made my reservation I requested a non-smoking king and I was very disappointed to receive a smoking room with two queen beds.  But it was around 7:30pm and I was too tired to care.  To my surprise the room was quite nice and it did not have a smokey smell to it.  So it turned out OK after all.The casino and bars were pretty crowded so this is a well known spot.  I have been through here before and I visited the huge Outdoor World store that they have.  Even if you're not into outdoor activities it's a fun store to wander around in and kill some time.  They also have a huge aquarium and they had a mermaid swimming around inside.  It was pretty cool.I met my friend that night for dinner at Mi Casa Catina.  It was OK...you can read my separate review for that.  My room came to around $70 and that was a pretty good deal.  Other than the fire alarm going off at 6:30am I enjoyed my stay here and I would definitely come here again.
4	First off, congrats to the marketing person that came up with "Livin Lodge". LOVE that!! Don't let its rustic appearance fool you, there's no sawdust in this joint. Silverton is sometimes the forgotten locals casino, with so much attention on the Stations of the world. Super convenient from almost anywhere in the city, especially the southwest, this casino is a great place to have lunch, dinner, drinks or all of the above. The casino floor is clean, well laid out and I'm sure someone wins a jackpot, like, daily (that last one probably isn't true). There are all different types of bars here, it's like the poor man's Cosmopolitan! The Mermaid Bar is probably the most recognized, they have a massive aquarium at the entrance complete with mermaids that swim in shifts. The only disappointing part about the mermaids is all the tubing they're connected to. Takes away from the allure...get some mini scuba packs! They'll pose for a pic with you if you stand near the tank which is cool. Also each restaurant has a nice bar out front where you can snack AND drink if you like, including Mi Casa (completely in love with that place) and Twin Creek. We spend NYE at Mermaid Bar, all you can drink for $10 at any bar! So keep an eye out for killer specials of that type. There is a Bass Pro Shops attached. I've never been but have been told it's worth a look even if kayaking your way to a campsite isn't your thing (guilty). I really like the Silverton and think of it as a hidden gem off the 15.
4	This is a review for the casino property, not the rooms.I used to come here quite often when I lived in the area, before all the renovations a few years ago and I still make the drive from time to time. I liked it then and still like it now. It's a great little locals casino. They always have great offers, they have a good variety of restaurants and their promotions always seem to entice me to check it out. I don't gamble, but I enjoy all the different gathering places they have available on property. Even during the summer they have free locals access to the pool and fun outdoor concerts in the evenings.
3	Overall, the hotel was alright. My boyfriend and I had fun regardless, but comparing to other hotels, the Silverton wasn't very impressive. We stayed in a standard room. The bathroom was tiny. The sink and shower was a little outdated. They provided no cabinets or drawers in the room for clothes. The TV was old and small. They also charge for water. I had to pay for wi-fi and it was a little choppy.As far as it being "rustic" or western-type or lodge-like, I thought it was pretty weak. Having lots of browns doesn't make something "rustic." We decided to stay there because we wanted that experience, but instead were a little disappointed. Heck, they didn't even play country music. As far as the casino goes, it gets pretty dead on weeknights. We arrived on a Thursday and found a few old people scattered around by the slots. We don't gamble, so it was just funny to people watch. People looked so miserable and brainwashed. Correction, we did try to gamble, but weren't very successful. Maybe it's because we're completely hopeless, but we had no idea how all the games worked. So we pushed the help button and waited for an attendant to come by. After a few awkward minutes, we decided to just go to the bar. I did love the bloody mary, which was extra strong and spicy, just the way I like it. The cosmo was okay. I totally loved the prices for drinks. Super cheap.My boyfriend was super excited about the Bass Pro Shop, so it was one of the big reasons why we wanted to go stay there. They don't have as much as the one near where we live, but it's still a nice touch to have nearby. The aquarium was pretty cool. A great thing about this hotel is that it's very close to the strip, without being on the strip. You can easily get to anywhere you want from the Silverton. Overall, the Silverton is an okay place to stay if you're not expecting grand things. It's quaint and comfortable enough. The price per night was not all that bad.
4	Very impressed and happy with this resort.  Me and a girlfriend came here for the first time in August of 2011 for a weekend getaway. I chose this hotel from an online hotel search.  When we got there I was overwhelmed at how big & beautiful this hotel was.  The rooms are clean and big with a lot of space. The outside pool and hot tub was especially refreshing particularly at night cause they have the whole building including the pool area and pool lites that change different colors with the outside surround sound music.  It was relaxing and theraputic, and surprisingly not crowded on a hot summer nite.  Also they allow locals to use the pool without being a guest at the hotel so that was also nice to know. They have a super huge Bass Pro Shop next door. The size of that store was overwhelming! And the massive giant size aquarium with the mermaid shows at the hotel entrance was awesome too. The hotel is very close to the strip, but not on the strip which I liked too. Easy abundant parking and not crowded at all!  I would definitely come back to this resort when I visit Vegas again.
3	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (13 of 365).Silverton Casino is just A-OK.  The casino seems pretty quiet for the most part and there aren't that many table games going on at once because they never really have enough people to fill them up.1 star = Bass Store they have next door for all the fishing and camping enthusiasts2 stars = New restaurants such as Johnny Rockets and Starbucks are there now3 stars = Many of my friends have come out as winners on the Pai Gow tableTheir cafe and their buffet is mediocre; I think they need to step it up on a notch in regards to quality of food.  Food is important in any casino because it attracts people.  I do plan to try their Tapas at Twin Creeks and maybe attend an event later on this year.  I hear the Aloha Festival happens at the Casino parking lot annually.  I look forward to it.
4	Okay, lets say you are wondering around Bass Pro Shop and decide you want to play some blackjack....you are in luck. Just mosey through the exit to Silverton and find a seat. First went there out of curiosity (took a wrong turn in Bass Pro) but have come to like the place. The have a very nice venue for concerts, they run promos for regulars and always have specials like $5 all you can drink or $1 draft/well drinks. (contact their website for details.) as with all the properties in LAS get a players club card to be "in the loop." Okay, the gambling, ahead in blackjack, fun dealers, cocktail servers come by often (they serve top shelf drinks) so all in all a good go. As they are off the strip you will see perhaps a lot of locals (mixed with people from Bass Pro looking for the exit.)
4	My first time here, I went for the old school Friday night party.  I really enjoyed it, because it started at 7 PM. It was really set up nice, the band was awsome, the crowd was an over 30 crowd.  After this was over, there's another club you go too.  We didn't stay for that, we just wanted to check out the atmosphere.  We will be back!
2	This wasn't the first time we've been to this property but it has been a while. Tonight we were here for the Steel Pulse concert. Overall the property caters to locals and RV'ers who stay across the street. The casino has all the usual slots and table games but was very smokey. I'm used to smokers in casinos but good grief. We then had some dinner at, Mi Casa, which was pretty good. The shrimp & grilled fish tacos were good, as were the margaritas.The concert was held outside by the pool. Let me tell you, this is a terrible place to have a show you're paying for. Granted, the show was only $20 but the pool is smack in the middle of the area. It's surrounded on 3 sides by the hotel building and one side by a fence and then the freeway. It was standing room only and your crammed into each other because of the pool in the middle and beverage/food booths along the sides. We also checked the website and saw that their pool cabanas, which are glorified picnic tents, are $50-$100 to rent for the day (depending on the day), and were used as VIP areas. The band, Steel Pulse, were very good and put on a great show despite the rainy weather and venue.If you happen to be near Silverton and feel the urge for dinner or gaming, it's better than the usual pub/bar but if you want to see an outdoor show and maybe have a pool day, there are better places to go.
4	This is a small property as far as casinos go (like Palms, Main Street Station, California). But there is a large parking lot and it's also attached to Bass Pros Shop (an aquarium and many stuffed animal displays throughout the two-level store/attraction). This is what sets this casino apart from others. In addition to the aquariums inside (Mermaid Bar?), there is a huge one, with small sharks and rays along with fish, and if you're lucky enough to see the feeding, it's pretty cool (I could stare at aquariums and sea life for a long time). The last time we came to this property it was christmas time ('11), and there were quite a few people here- lots of families. The property has undergone a big transformation in recent years (my husband said that it looked totally different since he's worked here and that a restaurant was moved or eliminated; then it was called Boom Town). A few years ago, my brother and his family stayed here because there was a special promotion going on for nearby residents, and their room was really very nice! Since it's a newer property, the furniture was more modern and contemporary rather than tired, outdated or kitschy.
2	Oh dear, if only I had known!I bought tickets for Steel Pulse for last weekend. I checked the location as previous shows there have been at the pool, which is wonderful if prepared. The web site stated the show was in the pavilion, so we dressed for an inside show! WRONG! Dummy that I was!The show was outside in the cold and rain!The band was as good as usual but the whole experience was spoiled for loads of us who had not dressed for a cold wet night!I could have prepared if the site had been honest I would still have bought the tickets as would the others, but I would have dressed appropriately. As it was, many of us left early, did not use the restaurants or bars as we were cold and wet! Please be clear and honest in your advertising!
4	Fun and cool..the mermaid bar was cool ..its a true local spot
2	Okaaaayyy, i went to the coffee shop. i wish i just got coffee, but nooooo -- my boyfriend was hungry, so i fed him. he had the prime rib - that is, he would have had the prime rib if they would serve you what you want when you want it. but it wasn't 4:00 PM yet, so we had to alter our choices. He had a big steak, juicy enough, I guess, though his mashed potatoes looked like vanilla yogurt. I had the fish and chips..........$14.95 FOR 2 PIECES OF CRUSTY FISH!!! puh-leeeeze! I don't even count the stringy fries as part of the dish - I was paying for the fish. no re-fills on my milk, i guess that was expected. our server was kind of blase' about the whole thing. i don't like to stiff people on tips, but i left her less than i usually would. we were only in the coffee shop because the buffet was closed down for the turnover to dinner.The Silverton is a cowboy casino, clean and simple. that's OK, BUT!... AND THIS IS MY BIG BUTT... you have to be in the mood for a cowboy casino. in other words, expect a lot of yahoos of various uncouth proportions. MAIN GOOD POINT: check out the super-cool hunting/fishing store. lots and lots of outdoor camping equipment and far out boats. there's a cool fish tank where you can sometimes see a diver swimming around doing things to the inside of the tank. In summation, the buffet is average, but good and filling; as for the coffee shop - bring a thermos and drink your coffee in the desert... it'll be more fun.
5	What an awesome aquarium!! I like to stop in at the Silverton and check out the fish tank or have a drink at one of the themed bars around the casino.  I like how this casino has a more relaxed feel yet still shares the excitement of the Vegas scene.  They also host a lot of events like the Pure Aloha festival and the Food Truck Fest so I find myself at this casino more than most.  Plus, I hear that the buffet has a Polynesian night on Thursdays?  Gonna have to review that and let you know in the next review ;)
5	They really expanded the casino from when they first opened. Great mix of machines and the restaurant has a good variety of healthy choices.
4	Great property, nice rooms, wonderful stay.Explored the options off the strip just to expand my horizons. Had a 2 night stay with my brother before meeting with a larger party for a long weekend on the Strip.  Wow, what a nice place. There is a subtle lodge theme but nothing hokey. Staff was friendly and efficient. Check-in and players club sign up a breeze.Room was generous in size with 2 queen beds (soft yet supportive mattress.) Plenty of machines to play. Low table limits. Bingo is on offer a couple times a week. Pool was closed for season but fitness room was available and would meet most folk's needs. Food court with Johnny Rockets and Starbucks. One bar had mini bowling in a converted travel trailer. Great 50-75% off happy hour specials at Twin Creeks restaurant. Seasons buffet had a good selection as well.Added feature of a large aquarium and Pro Bass Shop attached to the East side. Look forward to staying again - only 3 miles South on I-15 from Russell RD at Mandalay.
1	I originally wrote and sent this to Silverton on 06/24/12. Today I received what amounted to a lame, form-letter response.We were just informed that, while my wife and I were more than welcome to enjoy your pool, our three-year old was not (ridiculous right? Your policy). Now, while I can somewhat understand the basis of this policy the manner in which it is enforced is sad at best. This is why you have attendants. Surely, if its not inherent to common sense, you can at least train your attendants to notice the difference between a mob of unsupervised kids being dropped off by irresponsible parents to be babysat by your staff and a mommy and daddy taking their baby girl for a nice swim. Further, it was explained to us that this policy has been in effect for at least five years. In June of 2008 my wife and I were married up the street at The Secret Garden. A function that ultimately netted about 225 throughout the entire weekend. While many were guests of The Silverton (at our suggestion) most were not. We decided to hold an impromptu pre wedding get together at your pool. It was completely unplanned and unannounced. The staff at that time were the most understanding and accommodating we have ever encountered ANYWHERE. They went as far as to bring out folding tables, iced water coolers, ice, silverware, and a number of other otherwise inconveniences seeing as we were not guests. Wow. What amazing customer service. We were at a complete loss for words at how wonderfully we were treated and for the next few years a good multitude of our out-of-town guests stayed exclusively at your hotel. That all changed today. As I sit here writing this, I am making calls to other resorts to inquire about their policies and am awaiting my grandmas $4000 which she just won on a Wizard of Oz slot machine. We will not be spending a dime of that here. The Rio apparently loves kids of any age and recognizes the importance of their local clientele. Shame on your policy, shame on your staff (both at the pool and behind the desk) and shame on your hotel. You people above all should know that bad experiences spread much faster than good ones. I'll be sure to post this on the several social media sites you are party to. It's a nice day at The Rio All Suites Hotel And Casino
4	I'm not a gambler, so i cant really say how that is here, but i LOVE the giant fish tank. i could sit there and just watch for a long time.  its probably the closest you'll get to the ocean for another what, 5-6 hours? its pretty cool.  last time i went some of the sharks were mating. the adults were all taking pictures, and the little kids were all making their own assumptions.  so..that was interesting.also, they have a nice pool.  its small, but not at all crowded.  and the drinks arent crazy expensive.
5	Located South of the Las Vegas Strip, the Silverton is a great property.  It has undergone several renovations and the latest iteration looks fantastic. Very woodsy, but a bit modern at the same time. A great variety of restaurants to choose from One of the great features of the casino is a huge fish tank with Sting Rays as well as other fish. A must see. Also if you get board with the casino or the fish, take a stroll thru the Bass Pro Shop (it's attached to the hotel) and while your are there buy a boat with all of your winnings. . Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Oh, the Silverton...part hotel, part casino, part Bass Pro Shops?  *record scratch*  What?Even though it sounds crazy, the Silverton is a beautiful off-strip property with plenty to offer.  We didn't stay here, but ended up here twice on our last trip to Vegas.  Why?  Good vibes, beautiful interior (waterfalls, aquariums, gorgeous restaurants), nice peops (clientele and dealers), decent sized free drinks, and overall just a nice place to chill out.  It's not as busy as the on-strip hotel/casinos, but far surpasses the normal off-strip ones.  There's also a mermaid show AND stingray feeding, but both were canceled while we were there...bummer.
5	I am not sure why people have given this place bad reviews.  I was very pleased with my recent visit.  The rooms were clean and much bigger than we expected for the price (we were a group of three rooms, so I saw more than one room), the bed was very comfortable,  the people were very helpful and friendly, and the restaurant staff was very good.  I am not a huge gambler, so I only played a couple machines, but the areas around them were very clean.  I am not a smoker, so it bothered a bit that there was smoke there, but that is not to be avoided in any casino.  The beautiful aquarium was amazing and a big hit with my grand-kids, and the Bass Pro Shop was unbelievable!  We were a short drive to the strip which added to everyone's enjoyment.  I would (and have already) recommend this hotel to anyone heading out to LV!
4	My wife and I went here to check out the aquarium and stayed to gamble for a while. The slots were pretty loose and let us play for a while before taking our money. The bass pro shops is great to walk around and the place was very quiet.
4	If you do not mind staying a bit far from the strip this casino/ hotel is a great choice. fair prices and the rooms are pretty nice! they also have a nice pool, a few bars, several restaurants and a buffet
5	I had a dream that I won over $200,000 on a slot machine and I took to the Silverton to try to make my dream come true. It didn't happen, if you want to know. But this place is beautifully decorated and the fishtank with the real mermaids makes me so happy in a "Goddamn, I still wish I was Ariel 15 years after that wish was age-appropriate" sort of way. Welp, that pretty much sums it up. I could give an explanation of why else I like this place but really, those mermaids are enough.
5	I've only stayed here once and I have to admit it was after driving 10 hours to get here so my review of the room/bed should be understood that I would have sleep on a bed full of glass and would have been just as comfortable but that being said it was a very peaceful nights rest and my father and I awoke full of energy and ready to haul my belongings up three floors to my Apartment.  (**the beds and sheets were very clean and comfortable) The check in process was painless, they recognized two weary travelers and didn't try to sell us on the features of the hotel or the events going on that day and it was most appreciated.  The checkout process was just as easy with a simple signature.  We were a little more enthusiastic in the morning and we toured the gaming floor and were amazed at how large the Bass pro shop was; We've been to two others and didn't expect to see a full retail store attached to a casino like this.  I remember looking at my father and saying, its going to be real nice living this close to a bass pro shop.  I've yet shop in the store but I have returned to the Casino on a number of occasions for festivals etc.  I have always had a great time here and have yet to find anything negative to say about my time here.  If you are a local looking for a nice break from the strip this is a great place to stay!
3	I was driving through Las Vegas but didn't want to get too far off the highway in search of a buffet.  Seeing a Casino and a Bass Pro right off the road before I even got into town reeled me in (get it?).  So I weave my way through the gaming room and get into line to pay for some delicious buffet.  These nice ladies in line asked me if I was going to pay for the buffet. Not one to steal food I replied that that was my plan.  Next thing you know I'm eating free buffet courtesy of these lovely women who had a spare free meal ticket.  Thank you Ladies!So, the food was merely ok.  The thing that pissed me off was that the crab legs weren't cracked well enough to get at the meat.  That drives me crazy.  I have seen nearly 3 episodes of the Deadliest Catch and know the perils that real men go through to deliver mountains of delicious crab meat to consumers like me.  Why do they insult the memory of Justin by not cracking the damn crab legs?I would have been intrigued to have a few mimosas with my benefactors but I had to hit the road.
3	I won a certificate for a stay at Silverton and dinner at Twin Creeks last year and lost the certificate. Upon cleaning out old bills and junk mail I found it stuck to something and glad to see we had a few weeks before it expired! We did our staycation on a Fri/Sat. during the Asian Fest weekend so the property was a little bit busier than usual.We stayed in a luxury king room which was more contemporary than I thought this place would be. The bed was surprisingly comfy and soft when most places tend to go for firm mattresses since they last longer. Shower had one of those oversized shower heads and had awesome water pressure for a hotel. A plus is that there is a empty mini fridge you can actually use and not stocked with just items for you to buy. The A/C seemed to be struggling to get cold though. We don't keep our house icy, but it didn't feel like it was gonna ever get to less than 75* so test your room before bedtime if you really are a person who cannot sleep without it being cold. There is a free wi-fi which is good enough for basic browsing but they also offer high speed, which I thought was a bit pricey at $10 a day, pretty sure it is separate from your resort fee. The one big gripe about this property is the cellphone reception royally sucks (at least for Sprint). There was spotty reception in our room, it was hard to get a consistent signal on the casino floor where it took me 10 minutes to find a spot to make a call, it was absolutely dead when I was in Twin Creeks. They need repeaters inside. I think this is basic and necessary. The front desk staff was fairly friendly and got us checked in/out fast. Staff around the property was friendly. We didn't have a big problem except before leaving. We asked for late check-out the night before for 1pm and I don't think the lady put it into the system, or the staff doesnt communicate well, or housekeeping doesn't care and want to try to jar people to get out by breathing on them a little. We had someone banging at 12:10 pm. I was getting changed, they knocked really light with a key or something fast (don't do that, people can't hear it well and not sure if that's a person knocking or a wall sound) and then OPENED THE DOOR. I ran to it like a banchee out of hell in my shirt with no bottoms on yet to hit the door and get behind it to peek my head out. I should have been given way more time to answer the door or someone yelling they're staff and not just knocking half assed with a key. He doesn't say anything, just tries to open the door until he sees me. He just asks "what time you leave?"... No introduction, no hello, no apology for bothering or attempting to enter.  Then when I told him we had asked and gotten late checkout he went "oh" and walked off. The BF works in the industry and he says they are not allowed to do that when you have a "Do Not Disturb", you cannot enter someones suite without them inviting you and they only call people never knock at their door for questions like that. At least on his property they are far stricter on etiquette on knocking and entering but I think they SHOULD. Someones suite is their private space for their stay and you don't know what they're doing. I was pretty annoyed and I really hope this isn't a regular thing. What if I was in the shower? You walk in and knock on the bathroom door? It's highly inappropriate. I would say my stay was good, until that point. That one person alone, a Filipino guy, probably the housekeeping manager, walking around with a paper checking on check outs really soured a surprisingly decent stay. Reviews of businesses within the casino, I'm doing separate but overall the property itself I like, I love Twin Creeks, room was comfy, but I will not be staying here again for a staycation.
4	Didn't stay here, but loved the aquarium and bass pro shops.  Kept the kiddos entertained for over an hour.   Great spot to take the whole fam.
4	They have a really cool aquarium right when you walk in as well as the super crazy awesome Pro Bass Shop inside. I haven't really explored much other than that.
4	Breakfast! Was pretty good....
4	If you are looking for a decent and affordable place to stay off the strip, check out the Silverton. A few draw backs were that they do not (or didn't when we were there) have a breakfast buffet and I saw a billboard for free Wi-Fi, but it was only in the lobby and the coffee shop, not the rooms (didn't think it was worth the billboard if it wasn't for the rooms.) All in all, a great time and the aquarium is a must see.(update) I am very thankful for the coupons they send for free stays. It makes it all the more tempting to visit Las Vegas which is just a quick drive from Phoenix.  :-) That's enough to give it 4 stars.
4	It's been awhile since i've commented on the closest casino to my abode.  The place has grown on me:Some of the factors for the bump up:Parking - i either valet or i have a special parking spot i have on the first floor of the covered parking - not a legal spot ( and no, i ain't taking a handicapped spot ! ) so improvement on the parking optionsGambling - I primarily play craps and video poker.  The craps limit has been bumped up to $5 but still 10x odds ( good ) but no fire bet ( bad .)  A MAJOR plus is that they serve dogfish head IPA while playing at the tables - not sure how long that will last but i'm taking full advantage while i can !!The video poker is ok - nothing special.Haven't played bingo there in ages but i did win last time i did play so bonus points for that.Comps/Rewards - I sense they are generous to me on the table rewards ( i can never really figure out how they give you points/comps )  I like that i can use the comps in the gift shop ( actually, the gf does - she seems to get a new purse/handbag every other week ! ) and i really like they occasionally reduce the food cost at the restaurant by 50% if you use your points.  every month they send me some free play and free food - it's on par with station casinos and coast casinos.Shows - not sure what they have, don't really care !Bars - I like the 3 bars/lounges - bartenders are nice, reasonable prices and generous pours.Restaurants - We frequent the coffee shop and the buffet - I feel they are the best of the local casinos.  Twin Creeks - haven't been in ages which is a shame - it's one of the best deals in town in terms of price/quality.Overall an above average casino for the local scene.
3	Great place to play. Good food as well.
1	the worst slot machines i have ever played!!!!! the payout was really bad. their high limit room needs a uplift. the slot are not the best. i will never come back to this hotel casino
4	The Silverton Casino was once one of those temporary homes for me when I first moved here. My temp stays were either at South Point or the Silverton due to one big thing...that's price. This casino/hotel is small, clean, and the rooms are cheap. The rooms itself are set up to mimic a lodge, at least that's what Silverton attempted to do. My favorite at his hotel is their room service. The menu is fairly extensive and since I became a regular at one point, I was able to develop a good relationship with the room service staff. Yes, they hooked it up and took care of me.As for the casino floor, the gaming is average with minimal action. Some other highlights include their scuba mermaid aquarium, one of the largest Bass Pro Shops, and super cheap Happy Hour. Only downfall with his hotel is that it's far from the strip. If you're here, then your options are limited to just this casino unless you're willing to drive a little.
4	I was just there a week ago and stopped in on the way home for a last run. Thin had some of the best times i have had. Great place to play. Updated casino.Love this place..
2	Let me just start by saying the food here is pretty good. The wife and I have gone a few times for Happy Hour, the first time we got in really quick due to our friends who had gotten there earlier and got themselves on the list. The second time, we had to wait an hour and a half. The whole time we were waiting, they had at least 4 seats at the bar. WHAT THE FUCK? If anything breaks this place down it's the service. They're obviously understaffed for the amount of people they have to serve. They have two bartenders. Those bartenders are the servers as well. They have to serve 6 or so different tables plus those who are at the bar not to mention, they're making drinks for everyone in the dinner sections which is a lot more people. (I'm assuming they take care of the drinks for those in the dinner section but I'm not 100% certain) The last 25 or so minutes they had a table, which eventually were we seated at, empty. I just don't understand what the Silverton is doing. They had great beer throughout the place and took it all away and replaced it with garbage. They haven't even replaced their Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA tap which has been out for at least 9 weeks. HEY, F&B Manager, THE CUSTOMERS FUCKING MATTER! Okay back to Twin creeks. My main gripe with this place is that they are understaffed. They should have two bartenders and at least extra server. I am certain it would speed things up and everyone would be happier. The bartender, Tim, understands but you can only apologize so many times and especially in such a casual manner but realistically that doesn't mean anything because it keeps happening. This is a great tapas restaurant (since that is all I have had here, never been here for dinner), but if you go to Happy Hour, be prepared to wait forever and have crappy ass service.
3	Not a huge fan of the place, other than the "mermaids" swimming in the fish tank. The slots are pretty tight and the cocktail servers are few and far in between.The one highlight for me was the Cantor Sportsbook. Huge screens and nice seating.
3	As a local and a gambler, I take advantage of my free suite nights at Silverton every month.  I usually get a suite, and when it is not available a regular room.  In the past, the beds were very comfortable, but it has been years since they remodeled the rooms and the beds are getting very tired.  They used to be pillow-top firm and now they are just so mushy, anyone with a bad back beware.  Decor is Hunting Lodge themed, and in the suites there is a large spa tub and multi-head shower.  Also a flat screen TV, but the TV in the bed area is very much old school and small.  They give you bath & body works personal care items which is a nice touch.  Rooms are sometimes a little dusty and housekeeping seems to miss the finer areas of cleaning, like on tops of wardrobes, etc.  The one thing I really dislike, both in the rooms and suites, is that their air conditioning system is not central.  Regular rooms have wall units which are extremely noisy and interrupt my sleep.  Some of the suites have a more central type unit, other suites do no.  My biggest complaint is that this week I had a suite on the first floor right outside the pool.  Both mornings, at 10am the music went on at the pool and that was the end of my sleep.  The music was very loud and could awaken most people.  I had called the hotel to report this and stated that considering these suites are their most expensive accommodations and that when they are comped they are comped to their good customers, I thought it was very inconsiderate on the hotel's part to disturb guests at such an earlier hour.  Lets face it, we are in Vegas, late nights, lots of drinking, I do not want an unsolicited wake up call at 10am.  The good comment here is that for people on a budget and do not like having to hike miles to their room once they are in for the night, access to rooms is easy, either from the parking garage, outside parking or valet.  Unlike some strip properties when you come back for the night, it could take you up to half an hour to get to your room.
4	Like it here little far from the strip but nice.
5	Great wholesome family environment, great mix of slot machines, great table dealers, and $5 BJ's... and a Cantor Sports Book with superior multimedia...What's not to like here? A locals casino resort fashioned for the country and western set (think Jeff Foxworthy, Bill Engvall, Larry the Cable Guy, and Ron White as opposed to your George Clooney's and Conan O'Brien's of the world ... In other words real people with Midwestern values and experiences )The management does a fine job. Examples of good management include superior air quality, clean and sanitized casino floor, vendor advocacy and involvement (restaurants/gift shop/retail/live action aquarium) and above all price and value. Strong marketing campaigns for player's club card holders include free give aways monthly, dining credits, and tiered reward systems probably the generous for locals than any of their competitors. Examples of tiered reward system tokes include "free 6-pak of Corona", "car emergency kit", "t-shirt", and "commemorative glass ware" or similar. Sign up for a Silverado Rewards Card and you are automatically entered into their free give away database.The slot machine mix is very good with a collection of older more recognizable titles ("Sun&Moon", keno, video poker, "Mr. Cashman", "Megabucks") with contemporary entertainment multimedia-based slot machines ("Monopoly", "Elvis", "Superman", "The Mummy", "Deal or no deal").Pit action is consistent and exciting. Pai Gao, Blackjack, Roulette, Craps, etc. always a cadre of dealers available and they are willing to teach you everything about how to play.A compelling value resort experience for the whole family. See my other reviews for the amenities, bars, restaurants, and experiences.There are several natural areas many of which I have reviewed separately, most notably at the entrance to the casino: salt-water aquarium, fresh-water features in Bass Pro Shop, between the entrance to the casino/valet and the uncovered parking lot is a desert landscape island attracting a variety of wildlife, and the entire grounds of the Silverton is a nature oasis rich with flora and fauna.Amenities of the resort not otherwise mentioned include shuttle service, valet, weekly concerts, event hosting/planning and VIP gaming.Room rates on special for as low as $40 plus fees, taxes, and gratuity. Very strong social media presence (YouTube, twitter, Facebook, and actively "announcing" on their Yelp business page).
5	My home away from home, I love the silverton and have stayed here so many times, the rooms at great, very homey feeling and comfortable. The casino is entertaining itself with the fish tanks and bass pro shop, the buffet is amazing, and they change it up so often, I would def. recommend this place and often do
5	We stayed at the Silverton Casino 5-17 to 5-19-13. What a gem! He had just stayed 5 nights in the Penthouse Suite at The Mirage, so while the room was quite different than we were used to, it was very clean, comfortable, and quite large for a typical hotel room. We paid $59/night for a Fri-Sat stay, which is far less than you could get for a similar room on the Strip. The room was very nicely decorated in Earth tones. Our room had a very comfortable king sized bed, two night stands, a love seat in a small sitting area, dining table, and a television armoire. They haven't yet upgraded to flat screen televisions in the Deluxe King rooms, but we didn't spend any time in the room watching television anyway. There is a safe located inside the television armoire, which is very small, but suitable for cameras and small electronic equipment. Air conditioning worked very well, although the unit itself was somewhat noisy. This actually turned out to be a plus, as the night we arrived they were having a Zumba dance party by the pool, and listening to the air conditioner was more pleasant than the horrid music pumping out during the marathon exercise session. The bathroom is small, but perfectly adequate. The biggest complaint was that the shower head was too low for my 6'3" sweetie. Otherwise, the bathroom was stocked with plenty of towels along with Bath and Body Works products. Hot water was plentiful and the water pressure was great.The casino itself is awesome. Very large, plenty of slot machines and table games are available. The Silverton Rewards club provides great benefits, and we both received a pass to Seasons Buffet once we earned 50 points on the Rewards Card (which took all of about 20 minutes to earn). We are both non-smokers, and neither of us had any complaints about excessive smoke in the casino. In fact, the only time I ever noticed smoke was if a smoker sat down next to me. Wait staff in the casino was FAR superior to any of the casinos we played at on the Strip.The restaurants at Silverton are fabulous. We ate at nearly every single restaurant on property and enjoyed them all. I wouldn't say that Seasons was the greatest buffet in the world, but it was clean, food was well stocked, and our waiter was right on top of everything. Mi Casa Cantina serves up excellent Mexican food at a very reasonable price. The Sundance Grill is open 24 hours and provides casual dining with late night food specials. We ate breakfast here; it was tasty and very budget friendly. Johnny Rockets is also located on the casino floor, but we did not eat here on this trip. The flagship of the Silverton dining experience is Twin Creeks- which is an absolute must-visit during your trip. It has a beautifully romantic ambiance, and serves upscale steakhouse fare at prices much lower than similar restaurants on the Strip. The Tomahawk Rib Eye was simply divine! I just can't say enough about this incredible restaurant and the amazing staff.The Silverton is connected to a Bass Pro Shop. If you are into that kind of thing, this store is huge and gorgeous. We went in and walked around, but didn't buy anything. Neither one of us are into outdoor sports, so I can't comment on whether or not the place is overpriced.The best thing about the Silverton is the overall atmosphere and service level. The staff members were all very accommodating, helpful, and extremely friendly. We didn't have a bad experience with a single staff member on property, and we went everywhere. Upon our arrival at around 11am, we had practically no wait for service, and the front desk clerk had no problem giving us an early check in time. All the housekeeping staff made sure to say hello anytime they walked by, and all of the wait staff members in the restaurants were attentive and friendly. The casino caters to a slightly older clientele with some locals, and since there isn't a nightclub on property, there is very little pretentiousness among the guests. Everyone we ran into was relaxed and polite. And then there is the convenience factor; everything at the hotel/casino is within a 5 minute walk from your room, and the hotel is all of 10 minutes away from the Strip. Free shuttle service runs from the hotel to the airport, and to Caesar's Palace on the Strip if you don't have a car. If it sounds like I'm gushing upon the Silverton, it's because I am. This was my first trip to Vegas, and my first off-strip hotel. I must say I was highly impressed, and we will definitely be making return trips to this fabulous little hotel in the future.
4	A great place to retreat and avoid the crowds at the strip. Good clean rooms at at a reasonable prices. The Bass Pro Shop attached to it is a great place for family's to browse and shop. The aquarium is a plus and has a mermaid periodically. The only downfall is the parking but you can avoid that by using the Valet. Overall a great place.
4	I never heard of the Silverton Casino , but my friend wanted to check the swimming mermaid that perform a show a few days a week. I never would think people become a mermaid and swim inside a aquarium , but they do and do it well. Be sure to check them out and the extra large sporting good store they have. T
5	Had a wonderful time here. Loved that when you first walk in it does not smell like cigarettes. Went in to Circus Circus and came out stinking like smoke. Had my kids and to me that is a huge factor. Pool was not that big or deep but my kids and myself really enjoyed it. They have a Johnny Rockets and the staff was incredibly nice considering we had a party of 11 (7 were kids). I will definitely be staying there again.
1	Went to check in to our non-smoking room, when we got to the desk we found out they put us in a smoking room. They said they could put us in a handicap accessible room. It was unclean and the entire place smelled like stale cigarettes.
1	This used to be our #1 favorite casino in Las Vegas, but it seems like everything has gone downhill ever since our favorite casino host, Rick, left about a year ago.  We stopped by this past Saturday because we had a few hours to kill before our flight home.  And their friggin' computer system had some sort of bug that required old fashioned hand pays for larger payoffs.  My wife hit a couple of hands in video poker and went to cash out $260.  Instead of a ticket, she got a message saying that a hand pay was required.  It was at this point that we saw dozens of other people waiting for hand pays, one at the bar where we were sitting who was waiting for over 45 minutes!In the meantime, we ordered two wines, a Pinot Grigio and a Cabernet.  Nope, they no longer serve either.  Your wine choices are now a Chardonnay or a Merlot.As soon as we finally received our hand pay, we left the casino and went down the road to the South Point Casino.  We went to the bar and ordered a Pinot Grigio and a Cabernet, and guess what?!?  We GOT a Pinot Grigio and a Cabernet!!  Who da thunk?!?!
4	OK passed here many times on the way to Vegas. This time we stayed in our time share closer to the outskirts. Went over midweek for lunch, great price, the carving station is AMAZING!! I do not eat prime rib as it is usually undercooked, but the server offered to grill it a bit...WOW!! Man was it the best still tender and juicy..oh the fresh served gelato is wowed!!! One of the great buffets for sure
1	Be careful which room you stay in. Currently staying here now and the bathroom pipes gurgle whenever the room next to us uses water. We are stuck in this room and they will only adjust the bill $50. Insane!!! So much for my 3 year old sleeping. Cant wait to leave this place!!!!
2	This review is for the hotel. The rooms were supposed to be renovated but it's time to renovate again. The rooms are dark and the tub feels like its going to fall through. The rooms seem really dusty and old. The AC is really old and LOUD. The rate were reasonable about $60. No free internet.
2	so disappointed. We have stayed several times here and the room and the customer service has always been good. On a flight home my plane landed in Vegas and I thought this would be a perfect spot to stay out of the Vegas nonsense  Got checked in had requested a non smoking room, opened the door to our room and the smell knocks you over. I immediately call the front desk and said I had requested a non smoking room. She said SORRY nothing I can do for you. I call back spoke to Supervisor Lori who basically said OH well nothing we can do for you. I have stayed in tons of hotels and when I ask for non smoking I GET non smoking. This room reeked, the towels in the bathroom smelt like cigarettes. The refrigerator didn't work. Customer Service sucked. I wish I had been told at check in that all they had was smoking and I would have cancelled my reservation and gone elsewhere I wont be back..
5	Holy Crap, why haven't I heard of this place before?  It's a destination, not a visit.
2	Still no response from Silverton on the Customer Service, I guess this how the business is run.
4	Gave it 4 stars just because it was a bit too far from the strip for me. Liked the casino. Liked the buffet a lot! Great hotel for 1/4 the price of a hotel on the strip. Would come back.
5	I'm a HUGE fan of the Silverton Casino. My review is based on the Casino atmosphere and dinning, since I've never booked a room on the property.There is so much to do for such a tiny locals casino! To start their new sports book area and betting has improved greatly! If you've ever been to The Palms Sport Book it is very similar to that but on a slightly smaller scale. Plus for major sporting events they put out extra tables and seating areas along with a cute hot dog stand! The dinning is good, there is a lot of different places to choose from between Johnny Rockets, Twin Creeks, their Buffet and Cafe they cover a great variety. Plus there is going to be a new food spot so there will be an update to come! It really is a local casino, I always see a familiar face whenever I go. They always have great promotions going if your a card holder.
5	As someone who visits Las Vegas for a few long weekends and a full week each year, I write this review as a visitor from far away, not a local who enjoys a night out.Thanks to an aunt and uncle who live close by, I was introduced to the Silverton in the late nineties at a time when I had just finished school and didn't have much money to spend. At the Silverton, they showed me how I could view gambling as entertainment and that setting a budget and sticking to it meant I didn't go broke an hour into the night. The Silverton had blackjack for 50 cents a hand and I could play for hours while learning the strategy, enjoying free drinks, getting help from the dealers and meeting nice people from all walks of life . Lowest Blackjack is $5 a hand now, but thanks to the comfort level I built up when it was much cheaper, I know I can play for hours and break-even on most days.The Silverton has changed a lot since then. It used to be a dump, a place for truckers to stop. They added on to the casino twice over the years and it's no longer a place I'd be embarrased to take my friends . It looks good inside - there's no reason to be ashamed that you are staying here. Circus Cirus and Harrahs are far trashier and junkier than the Silverton.Long ago I gave up gambling or staying on the Strip except for a night here or there. The odds stink and even if the rooms are cheap, $7 for a latte each morning quickly erodes whatever you are saving on the room.I look for the following in a casino: Close to other casinos, and close to the strip as it's fun to head down there and people watch. Good music. Late-night food options. Good odds and low limits. Good players club. Friendly customers and staff. Variety of games. Sports book with big screens and seating. Place to hide, meaning sometimes it's good to find a comfy chair and browse the web. Coffee that isn't crap and won't break the bank - I drink a lot of espresso drinks each day. Free drinks when playing, and cheap options when not. Nice pool which isn't crowded. Quiet rooms which have nice furnishings and elbow room.The Silverton has all of that list except the rooms, which are woefully out of date. If you can get past the rooms, which will probably be redone soon, it's perfect. However, in their current state, I can't recommend staying there if you are put off by 15-year old furinshings such as an old-school TV and heating and A/C beneath the window. They are clean, but they don't stand up to most of the other properties in Las Vegas. Think Orleans, but half the size.Here's why I love this place:1. Starbucks which isn't over-priced.2. Good cash back at the Player Club with multiplier point days and monthly promotions for free crap.3. Super-friendly staff who have been working there for many years and don't take you for granted.4. Brand-spanking new Sports Book with AMAZING TV's. 5. Lots of places to hide, including some with TV's, so that if there's a game on I want to watch, I can do so with quiet and comfort. I like to visit LV during March Madness, but I also like to root quietly for my team and focus on the game.6. Burger place which is open till 11 or later, plus 24/7 coffee shop serving decent food.7. The steak house here is very reasonably priced and it's genuinely good.8. Plenty of parking, valet or self-park, it's quick to come and go.9. Takes 1 minute to get from room to casino cause there's no huge tower of rooms.10. Small, but nice pool with seating options everywhere and options for drinks and food.11. Great landscaping. Excellent use of native and desert friendly plants, trees and flowers.12. Lots of games, denominations, and good odds.13. Few drunk 20's wandering around.14. Free rooms once you've established yourself as someone who likes to play.15. Diverse music, from top 40 to country to indie rock.16. Cool interior - they put some thought into how it looks, and even if it's not your thing, it's far more visually appealing than it's neighbor the South Point which has as much class as a Wal-Mart.17. The blast of humidity from the waterfalls near Bass Pro Shops.18. Mexican place with VP games at the bar. Free chips and salsa are yum if you can stomach putting fingers in mouth after touching germ-laden VP machine.The Silverton is not a "resort" as they claim, but it's an awesome alternative to the strip and the nicer off-strip resorts. It's quieter, more personable and everything is reasonably priced. If they could just speed up the room renovation I'd be in heaven, but they'd probably start selling out the place, so maybe I should just count my blessings and admit that I don't spend much time in the room anyway and come to the conclusion that for me, the Silverton is perfect.
4	There are a lot of great things about Silverton and little to criticize. First thing, if you are picking a casino by proximity to the strip, do not go here. I rent a car so that doesn't factor in my review. If off strip is your goal, this is a great choice.Parking is a breeze. Park on the upper levels and you can park steps from the elevator that takes you time casino. Try that at MGM.Hotel check in is fast. If you get there early, and the  room is ready, you can check in. No early check in fees and certainly no long line. The hotel is only 4 floors. They do have an ever increasing resort fee but if room is comped, you don't pay it.Rooms are good. They are not high end but bed is comfortable, room is clean, and decor is good. There is probably a TV in the room but I never turn on a TV in vegas.  Staff is always helpful without exception. I had some bike shoes with a loose cleat and asked for help at the front desk and a maintenance guy was there in a minute. He even ran me down to give me some hints on keeping it from getting loose again. Casino has most slot machines and table games. Tables can get crowded at night but limits stay low. They do a drawing on Wednesday nights which locked the tables down with so many people.   Dealers are friendly with hardly a dud in the bunch. One negative is the cocktail service at the tables. Over 3 days, it was almost non-existent.  I don't usually spend enough time at slots to use cocktail service there so I don't know about that,  At the tables, it was very bad. On past visits, it wasn't that way.The new sports book is beautiful and perfectly sized for the casino,Bass pro is connected to the casino. This gives you easy access to inexpensive drinks and snacks and hunting supplies if you need those during your visit.  One odd thing, there is no soda machine anywhere on site,The only thing from making it five star is the poor cocktail service and crowded tables at time. They have another pit area and should consider using it on promo nights when crowds are going to get big. These are minor quibbles and I would definitely stay there again.
4	Always great deals. Whenever we bring our children it's an automatic stop by the huge aquarium which I really enjoy seeing myself. Sometimes we get to see the fish feedings and at certain times they have a mermaid that also interacts with the kids and poses for pictures. Also known for holding the hawaiian concerts and other fun events. Always remember to sign up for the players card usually give either free buffet or other good stuff for signing up. The casino also really wants to fill their rooms during slower seasons and practically give away rooms on select days. Great for off the strip and not very far if you have your own transportation
5	Nice casino that is on the outskirts of town but still within 10 minutes of the strip depending on traffic.  Silverton itself is a nice casino that has alot of events that happen here from food festivals to gun shows. You can find a hidden gem at Twin Creeks with a great happy hour and good food.  Definetly a good place to check out when your in town.
4	The sportsbook at silverton is very nice. Better odds on parlays as well. It's not a very big sportsbook, but done very well. Screens are large and crystal clear. Ample seating if you take up a spot at a slot machine. Sunday football crowd is quite subdued compared to other books around town. No ones really loud n rowdy. My new favorite sportsbook in Vegas.
5	we really like the Silverton CasinoThe staff is friendly and attentive The Food Outlets are all goodThe Play is greatThe Bars are awesome The rooms very clean and comfortableA great place to stay and play
5	We made a second fabulous trip to the Silverton in August. This time we stayed in a Luxury King room, and it was simply divine!The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept on. The room was beautifully appointed and very, very large. The bathroom was gorgeous, and much larger than that in the Resort King room we stayed in last time. Our room was on the first floor, and we didn't notice any increased noise in our hallway, despite the convenience of being within a 30 second walk to the casino.Our sole complaint during the trip were the changes to the menu at Twin Creeks: they took the Tomahawk Ribeye and Lobster Mac & Cheese off the menu. Dear Twin Creeks management, PLEASE put them back!The Silverton has become our home away from home, and we will be making a return trip in November (once again in a Luxury King).
2	Food is great! Hotel on the other hand has horrible security...I had been coming there every thurs thru sun for the past six months..I have a service dog...never an issue until last weekend...the security chased me around and told me I had to take my dog and leave..mind u she us a full fleged servuce dog..had in the tags lead and collar...I have no choice but to call the ada. .unacceptable....tammy chung and lauren are great...
5	Best buffet in town and great service. love the ambiance.
4	Was only here for the casino. The casino was very clean and decently lit. Played some table games and the dealers were nice and attentive. Ordered a coffee from the waitress and the coffee she brought was perfect temperature for sipping through the provided straw.
2	This review is for the casino only. When we first walked in the casino was pretty impressive...there is a huge water aquarium with "mermaids" waving to you. Once you get past that it goes downhill. For a Saturday night the place was completely dead...it was so quiet in there, which is never a good sign at a casino. All of the restaurants were completely empty, as well. We stayed for a bit, but it was too depressing in there.
4	I was at the Silverton this week for an event, not to stay overnight, but I have to wonder why I hadn't been back in years.  This is a very nice casino, albeit small.  They have a great selection of gambling options, plus they have the giant aquarium thingy, which is pretty cool and this neat little area where they have what I would call miniature bowling inside an Airstream trailer, INSIDE A BAR.  Yeah, I know.  It sounds weird, but it's kind of funky and neat and provides a fun atmosphere.The staff I spoke to here or interacted with, whether at bars or at the players club desk, were all friendly.  I know I've eaten at their buffet in the past, but I can't remember what I thought of it.  Of course, it is also connected to the Bass Pro Shop, too, so it's kind of got a lot going on for such a small place and a large parking lot!On this occasion, I attended an event inside the Veil Pavilion and I thought it was a nice location for a small to medium sized event.  Definitely something to keep in mind if you're looking for event space.Overall, I'm glad I got this reminder.  I think we'll be back and maybe even look into staying here a couple of nights.  My understanding is that the prices are pretty reasonable.
3	Casino is nice and tastefully decorated but. ... After this last four day visit im not so impressed, the room was nice but every morning between six and seven a. m. the plumbing started bubbling and gurgling very loudly followed by what sounded like a rotor rooter which continued for about 10-15 minutes, of course sleep was impossible afterward! Our rooms sink was plugged when we first got there and they came and fixed it somewhat... Dont know why they dpnt just fix it properly. I comlained this last day but they offered no recourse, im leaving because they want to double the room rate for the week end . One other thing, food in coffee shop is awful! Ordered breakfast to go.. Went to room to eat and found my toast was just warm bread covered in grease!  Ordered the saon with veggies for my diet and got salmon covered also in grease, butter yuk!  The starbucks girl gave me oatmeal without silverware.. Went back to bed and had nothing to eat it with... Anyhow, place is nice but lacking in a few areas.
3	Went for New Years. Very nice casino, drinks tasted like they were watered down. Staff were very friendly and service was decent considering the crowed. Over all a good experience.
1	First, let me share that I've spent close to 200 nights in Las Vegas, mostly in hotels ranging from cheap to very pricey (depending largely on who was paying-- me or my company!) so i speak from a lot of firsthand experience.To cut to the chase: LIKED:1. off the strip2. next to Bass Pro Shop3. rustic environment (except for the very plain and unmemorable room)4. easy parking5. relatively inexpensiveDISLIKED:1. The room's air conditioner/heater sounded like a jet engine (and management didn't care) so you HAD to wear ear plugs to sleep2. Small refrigerator had been removed from its ugly, scratched furniture leaving a big hole.3. We were told that "NO" hotels in Las Vegas had refrigerators or microwaves in them (I know this to be wildly inaccurate), but if we wanted a refrigerator it would cost $15 a day! (I can buy one for $100)3. Bathtub/shower wall had small chunks taken out of it3. No exhaust fan in the bathroom4. Ancient, small tube (CRT) TV in room. Very 1980's. Or even 1970's.5. Walls were VERY thin-- you can easily hear the content of your neighbor's conversations6. Awful smoke from lobby made it all the way into our room on the 4th floor at night, so the room STANK while you were trying to sleep7. Ridiculous daily $4.99 "resort fee" for stuff we did not need (airport shuttle), which actually was closer to $6 after taxes.8. $11 daily fee for internet!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME? CHARGING $11 FOR WiFI IN 2014? (Or you can sit in the horribly smoke-filled lobby and use it for free while getting lung cancer. You decide.)9. So after the fees, your $59/night room is now closer to $80-- and there are nicer places in L.V. for that which also get you free breakfast and free WiFi.Some nice staff (Teddy, for example), some that were mostly unfriendly. They nickel and dime you for things that should be included.Will not be back.I do not recommend The Silverton.
3	I work at their sister hotel in California, the Pacific Palms Resort and may I say this was a different experience. After losing 50$ on blackjack... I decided to go eat at their Sundance Grill for breakfast. It seemed like the employees were mad at the management, the management were mad at the cooks and the cooks didn't give a care in the world to what anyone said to them lol. I guess they have some work they need to take care of with that situation... but anywhoo... The food took about 30 minutes, which we only ordered breakfast entrees only... which if I cooked myself would only take about 5-10 minutes MAX. but it's okay I wanted to check out the property and see how it was, and this was to consider if I ever wanted to transfer. I don't think so though. I give them major props operating a casino though for an off the strip location as it must be very difficult to compete with the two big names LVS and MGM.
3	Overall the place is not to bad friendly staff good buffet I was very skeptical about coming here after reading all those negative reviews there is a couple thing that need improvement the TVs are the box type you go to motel 6 they  have better TVs and there furniture is all scratched up would I come back? Not really there is much better casinos closer to the strip
2	I was hoping to like the Silverton a little more than I actually did.  The western rustic environment kind of reminded me of Texas Station and/or Buffalo Bills.  Smokier than I thought and smaller than I expected.  Parking is plentiful and the buffet is cheap.  I'm moving on....
3	"Quiet Time"I don't live far from here so I wander in sometimes. I always end up at the aquarium to watch the fish. It's relaxing. The mermaid wall hangings are schlocky but I ignore them like I do most people. Afterward I usually walk around the adjoining Bass Pro Shops. What a cool store. Back in the casino I might stop at the Starbucks for coffee, and more times than not drop a twenty in a machine. The ski-lodge feel of Silverton comforts me, unlike the harshness outside its doors. I've never eaten or slept here but haven't heard anything horribly bad. They might even have rooms by the hour. And since it's right next to I-15 quick ingress/egress is available. There's also a large truck stop across the street. I imagine whatever girls might be "working" there will relieve you of your cash and clean bill of health if that's your thing. Anyway, if you need a little desert getaway, if only for a few hours, Silverton might be the place. I'll be the one by the fish tank with a cup of java. See you soon.
2	I have to start by saying, it takes a lot for me to do a poor review, however, I had a bad experience during my last stay.  I usually stay on the strip, but the hotels where all committed and I decided to give the Silverton Hotel a try.  Well, it was an OK place to stay but the staff was RUDE, very very very RUDE.  Like they were angry or inconvenienced by having to help people .  Especially the front desk !!  Too many options in Las Vegas and not staying there again, regardless of it being inexpensive.  I rather pay a little more and have a pleasant experience.
5	We will definitely be coming back to stay at the Silverton. For years we have been staying and gambling on the strip. Last time we were in Vegas we stumbled in here for the buffet. We stayed for the gambling experience. From the moment you arrive, every single employee is courteous, helpful, and friendly.Hotel:    We arrived at 2 a.m., began gambling (and drinking) and by 6 a.m. we went to the front desk to see what time early check-in would be. She said they were booked solid, but found us a room and gave us the key, right then and there! No other hotel would ever do that. The lovely lady was so accomodating. The beds were comfortable, the room was spacious and very clean. Some people complain that they have older TV's....um....you don't come to Vegas to sit in your room and watch TV and if you do, the TV worked fine. Some complained about the internet charge. They have free wi-fi all over the casino. Once again, you don't come to Vegas to stay in your room.Casino:    Every single dealer we came across was very helpful and actually pretty funny. The cocktail waitresses came around frequently and actually remembered every order. Some dealers even took the time to help us learn craps. The comps are great! Food:      The buffet was decent. They have a great late night breakfast from 12am-5am. They have Johnny Rockets, Starbucks, and a few other eateries. I highly recommend this hotel and casino. Hands down, one of the friendliest places in Vegas. If you're going to be  "donating" money to a casino, might as well have a pleasant experience. Complainers, stay home.
3	I give a three because the mermaid girl come out swims for like 10 min and most of the time she's at the top obviously getting oxygen . She does a little upside down dives and then it's over. I rwcconend sitting at the bar.
3	The Silverton is an A-Ok casino in my book.  The casino has a decent variety of slot machines and lots of table games to play.  I'm not much of a gambler, so I can't say much on that point, but I have seen a lot of fun looking slots to play.They have a ton of good restaurants as well.  We really like the Mi Casa Mexican place and their regular cafe called Sundance.  Both places are always tasty and affordable.  There is also a Johnny Rocket's here, which makes my belly happy.  Yummmm, Johnny Rocket's....There is also a huge Bass Pro Shop here, which is why I am here so much.  My hubby is addicted to the place, so we make the cross town drive at least once a month, if not weekly.There is also a beautiful aquarium near the BPS that is always nice to sit around and watch.  If you go at the right time, you can catch the mermaids that swim around and interact with the crowd.  There is also a lot of seating around the aquarium, so you can really just sit back and relax.  My daughter absolutely loves it!  If we are down there, it is a must see spot The reason I only gave it 3 stars, is that for a neighborhood casino, it is lacking some things, in my book.  I think they need to add a movie theater and possibly some other activity place like a bowling alley or ice skating rink or something.  The other big local places have spoiled me I guess.  I want the option to go do things besides just gamble and eat.Overall, the Silverton is an ok place and worth a stop, if you are in the area.
1	lucky leprechaun - went all month to get entries, never won anything at any of the sunday drawings at 2,4,6,8...but....entries were going to go in for the grand prize drawing on 3/30 at 6pm.  all you had to do was swipe your card at a kiosk, and i was told by a player's club employee that the time was 4 - 5:59 on Sunday.  Well, like hundreds of patrons, we were in line at 1 of 7 kiosks well before 5:45 but due to the long lines the drum closed and our entries never got in.  what a lousy way to do business.  A simple solution - 1) post times at the players club so accurate information is available 24/7 as the club closes 2) allow anyone in line by the cut off time to enter a drawing and postpone the winning announcement until all entries are in!  3) set up digital displays with winning numbers - the announcer held the microphone so close to his mouth no one could understand the numbers being called - ask anyone they will all agree.  I used to like this place but this March contest has shown me the lack of good customer service.  one supervisor actually said it is not their responsibility to make sure my entries make it in - that is on me.  well, miss cocky - it should be your concern to have ample kiosks to handle the crowds for special drawing dates - or - use common sense and have the drawing time delayed until entries are in the drum!  not another cent of mine will be spent n their gaming, restaurants, concerts, coffee shop.  If i get any freebies i may go but nothing more out of my pocket.
5	We did not stay here but took the kids out for dinner/aquarium/bass pro shop. Every employee we encountered was friendly, helpful, and seemed to truly enjoy working there. My kids had a blast looking at the aquarium, and who doesn't LOVE the Bass Pro Shop? We ate at the Mexican restaurant - took advantage of one their great food food specials and had more than enough for the 4 of us including margs. Silverton did not disappoint.
2	This casino is ok...nothing spectacular. The restaurants are ok - not great. We just moved into the area and it's close to our house. My husband and I do enjoy gambling and tend to end up here because of its location from our house. After the last couple of times going though we are thinking of going to another casino. Our major complaint with this casino is the cocktail service. We have sat there gambling and not getting any service at all!! The waitresses were sitting by the bar talking instead of taking care of customers. I'm not sure they understand that the more you walk around and take care of the customers the more money you make! Sorry to say even though it's the closest - I don't think we will be back for gambling.
2	I was unhappy with the use of the pool for back to back weddings. I went down with my trunks and was told that the pool was closed. I would of went somewhere else if I knew that they have no pool that guests can use. I guess the pool is just a prop for regular scheduled weddings. Also, their old tube T.V.s  need to go to the electronic recycling center.
5	Loose slots and great staff!! Cheep but well worth it Buffett!! Always a nice time there! The Mexican restaurant has the best salsa and amazing $2 street tacos. They have a grill you can watch your food being made right in front of you!!
1	The pool was closed for the evening and the hotel even has a sign, ready to close the pool for any given event. This is not fair for patrons that plan and pay for the use of the pool and are not allowed. Also, it took over two weeks for the Silverton to even respond to my feedback.
3	I didn't stay here during my vacation however my casino experience was average. They have allot of the older gaming machines and some table games as well. I ended up earning enough points for a free buffet and have to say this was the worst experience. All the food I tried seemed to be undercooked. I thought it was just me and asked my friends what they thought of theirs and the said the same. Maybe it was just a bad day for the cooks but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.
5	My wife and I have stayed at the Silverton twice. Check in/out is quick.  I like that it's quiet and relaxed, a little different from the hustle & bustle on the strip. I love the food at Twin Creeks Steak house there as well.  They have very delicious food and friendly and helpful staff. I really like the entrance with the big aquarium.
2	The Silverton is not what it use to. It is tight tight tight on the machine's for anyone to win anymore. If your not sitting in the right section you will not get a drink. You can hear cocktail drinks but no one come in the sections your playing your favorite machine. Tacky and makes no sense of the work when it comes to servicing your client who come to spend money to keep this dam casino industry alive.Company only thinks of there money coming in,  this is why we don't come as often anymore....try your luck and see, don't put a hole in your pocket book....not worth the GAMBLE
3	I only had breakfast here.  I did not stay at the hotel.  This review is based on decor and food.  I was unimpressed with Silverton.  It's WAAAAAY South of the strip.  Not a lot going on here.  It's probably good for families that want to come to Vegas but don't want to bring their children to the center of the action or older people looking for a quiet casino get away.  The buffet was just okay.  Typical greasy breakfast items with a limited fruit selection.  Food items were generic.  Looks like mass purchased items just heated up.  Vegas has so many amazing dining options, it hard to settle for mediocre.  Best part about the hotel is the amazing aquarium in the lobby.  Beautiful, large aquarium with a great selection of fish.
4	I stayed here for two nights. I was pleasantly surprised by the decor and overall ambiance, it's strip quality comparable to Treasure Island and Ballys. The buffet was terrible, but they give you a lot of coupons, so we had buy one get one free with my wife. The Rooms are very spacious. The Seaside GRill had very very very good food, if you are a salad person, tryout the Steak Salad, it's amazing. If you dont want to an overcrowded casino, then this place for you as well, the limits are also low $5 on the weekend....Cocktail waitress are very good, and are very pretty compared to other strip hotels. They have a BAss Pro Shop inside the hotel, first time there and i thought it was awesome, especially if you are an outdoorsy kind of person.I gave this place only a 4 because of it's proximity, but for the price of 59.99 on the weekend, I will definitely keep going here.
4	As a local I love coming to Silverton the casino is a relaxing atmosphere and I must add smells great not at all like most casinos with the musty cigarette smell. There aren't many annoying drunk tourists which is the best part. I've stayed here a few nights as well and felt right at home. Plenty of slots to choose from and the cocktail waitresses are outstanding Myumi and Shiela I must say provide above and beyond outstanding customer service. I come to play simply because they make me feel welcome and as I am a VIP player. Always happy coming to Silverton except one Sunday night a few weeks ago I was disappointed for the first time. One cocktail waitress for the whole casino and one fairly rude bartender who gave me attitude when I simply asked for a drink and told her I've been playing almost two hours without being served by the cocktail waitress. Other than that outstanding staff and work ethic by all others I've encountered. Keep it up guys.
3	Great restaurants, rooms very nice for the price, very small bathrooms. EXCELLENT beds.  Pool water VERY VERY cold and no shade in pool area.  Staff would not bring umbrellas out due to high winds the day before. Staff friendly and other than umbrellas, helpful. All in all a nice place to stay, we would return.
1	Where do I begin, as I entered the room, the smell of a metallic chemical entered my sensitive nostrils. The tv was a flashback to the 90's CRT tv, so small I could not read the trivia. No vents in the bathroom, showerhead sounded like a teapot. We ordered room service and the plates remained in front of the door for the rest of our stay, in fact they added more plates so that our room was guarded by dirty plates.
4	Our trip came and went too fast. We had a great time.. would of gave 5 star but had a bad run in with Faye a day waitress rude fake eyelashes =not a good time.. All the rest were super sweet and pleasant especially a night waitress that served by the bright fishing game on wall all last week.. I hate that a didnt get her name.. we'll be back hopefully soon and hope to have another great time with my hubby at the blackjack tables!!!
4	3.5 stars overall. Stayed at Silverton twice. Once in the luxury King and once in a suite. Definitely upgrade to a suite! Don't stay in the lowest rooms here, you'll be disappointed.  A jacuzzi tub is awesome after a day of golf or long night sitting at the poker table. The gaming is weak here, though. No poker room. Low stakes games are nice. It's fun to walk around Bass Pro Shops. There are no bros or girls in saran wrapped dresses here. Most people here have kids or are from the Midwest, so no cool factor here. What is nice are the quality of mattress and sheets in your room,$5 Guinness on draft served in glass (not plastic) pint glasses, and a little quiet. The biggest downside is the shuttle runs infrequently to the strip, so you can rack up cab fares quickly. Could be dangerous driving yourself back and forth to the strip, so you have to plan out your alcohol consumption in advance. 4 stars for quality of hotel, 2 stars for casino and gaming. Silverton needs to offer more shuttle service for me to stay here more often. My go to when there are no deals on the strip.
2	Casino slots seemed very very tight. My wife and I spent about 2 hours there after enjoying a good dinner at the Mexican restaurant. We decided although the restaurant was very good, the casino although clean and comfortable was not worth playing in again, so it is unlikely we'll return.
2	This is just for the casino. It had very few 5 cent keno machines. Played for an hour and didn't see a single drink server. If I'm going to blow my money I require some free beverages.
5	I did not stay here....But this place is awesome!It has one of the largest Bass Pro Shops with the BIGGEST bass I have ever seen. It's like the size of a shark people.The casino is nice and very new. The buffet is AMAZING. Cleaned our plates.From the front door you can see the construction on the new "new" part of the strip. That's very cool.
5	I have stayed at the Silverton every year for the last 5 years. I have never had a bad experience here or a nights sleep. The beds are super comfortable. The beds are just as good or better than the heavenly beds from Westin.  I have always had many great meals In the buffet and in their 24 hour restaurant. Never disappointed. Last year I tried the Steak House "TWIN CREEKS" it was amazing. The service and food was better than the big celebrity steak houses on the strip. I will definitely go back. I'll be back there in March and looking forward to another great time.
5	I did not stay here but the casino was very clean the fish tank were amazing and buffet was $9.99 but free when you sign up for a card and get 50 points . The buffet was also amazing.
5	My husband and I love, love, love this Casino & Hotel. We have stayed severaltimes, the rooms nice, and enchanted suites for special times. All the restaurants have yummy food, some even offer happy hour food and cocktails. Twin Creeks is amazing. The Casino is comfortably small with loose machines. It is wonderful to play and not just lose. The Bass Pro Shop is attached for easy and fun shopping too
4	Great Local Casino and Hotel!  Great service!  Appreciative staff!I think this place is a great location for a local casino AND hotel.  First off they have friendly staff though of course I can't say EVERY person.  Some hosts are better than others but the front desk staff combined with another host AND the casino floor staff made our experience fun and enjoyable.  Stayed here one full day and night, before moving to a Ceasar's location for a special event and closer to main portion of the strip.  But we stayed on a Friday night and it was a very fine, full experience.  Bell/Valet staff attentive, friendly, always willing to give suggestions or recommended services.Checked in early; they had one of our rooms ready but not the second.  That was fine as we were able to leave luggage in one room and commence having fun gambling and having a few adult beverages.  Our reservation made by phone at one rate but we had mailers that reduced that cost.  They just told us to bring in the mailers and they would adjust the rate to what they said.  Front desk happily obliged and reduced the cost of the room.  And it's NOT like they are that expensive in the first place.  The only issue can be is they only have 4 floors of rooms or so, so they fill up quickly.They have a wide range of restaurants and despite other's opinions on the subject online we found that the food and service was excellent (for the most part) all the way around.  Had dinner at the Twin Creeks Steakhouse.  Thought food was impeccable (I had a steak; my friend had sea food/ahi special and he thought it was fantastic) and the service was top notch.  We ate breakfast on Saturday at the Sundance Grill and the service was both friendly, quick and the meal was bountiful for breakfast.  Had fresh fruit plate and breakfast entrees.  The only meal that I would say was a little mediocre was at the Seasons' Buffet.  And it was for a rather different reason.  Seating (as having a players card) was prompt and the food tasted fantastic.  BUT what we both thought was a little different is while there is a quite bountiful selection of items of diverse cuisines, it didn't seem like they were "complete".  In other words it was like they did SOME Mexican food or SOME italian food but never quite completed the full theme.  And due to their building a time share tower soon on the other end of the  property, the buffet was LOADED with folks getting their free meal to go with the presentation.  Probably ONLY complaint about the property.......LOL  Too many time share guests during the day.......Also a Starbucks, Johnny Rockets (for diner/hamburger meals) and lots of bars (from main bar close to pit areas) to Mermaid Bar at front, close to Aquarium.Pool is small, but adequate.  They have a convention center or entertainment center outside that will handle small concerts and events.  And as a local establishment, they have many.  Gaming is adequate and most of the pit crew were friendly.  Lots of Asian dealers......not saying anything bad whatsoever, just giving you a clue as to environment.  Also later at night on weekends, they have a party pit with friendly, mainly attractive women.  And what is DIFFERENT and good about THEIR party pit is they have the SAME rules as their regular casino..........none of that 6-5 Blackjack BS!!!!  That makes a difference folks!!  Rest of casino has the usual variety of games from the carnival table games like Ultimate Texas Hold'em to Mississippi Stud, to regular Blackjack (shoes and hand held games......single deck has limited rules and only one table but at least it's NOT 6-5 like a lot of the greedier joints around town.And also, can't miss Bass Pro Shop next door.  It ALSO has it's own aquarium and animal displays.  Let me give one example of why I think this is a particularly good place as to service.  When we checked out, we had charged most of our food to the room.  Well I had a $10 credit toward food slip from the players club that I misunderstood how to use.  I thought I just needed to give it at check out and it would be deducted.  I was supposed to use it at the actual restaurant instead.  But the front desk staff (at check out) offered to credit me there, rather than go back to restaurant to change bill, though that was the proper procedure.  BUT actually, the story gets better as to friendliness.  We were semi-players (partial comped) and we played quite a bit the night before.  But we knew we were only there one day and we already knew we had the room comps or discounts given already.  Well the initial casino host that we booked with was not available at check out but the front desk clerk offered to have our bills reviewed when the next host on shift came on.  She said she would call us with any adjustments and email or send our final bills after they were made (if any).  That was great with us and we checked out and went on to our next place............well, LO AND BEHOLD, we gambled enough--all comped!!
2	I spent the night here for a birthday staycation and I think I would have rather just stayed at home. The room was 99$ for about the size of my bedroom at home. The tv was old, the lighting was very dim- to hide the dirt and stains I am guessing. The bathroom smelled like urine. The bed was surprisingly comfy and the hallway noise was fairly quiet for most of the night. The pool water was murky and the lounge chairs had tons of stains on them. The pool bar closed at 5pm on a Saturday night in August- a bit strange to me. Not really my idea of a nice getaway...
5	So far so good. Friendly staff. Better playing time than south point. Better comps. Better atmosphere. I'll keep coming back. Need more waitresses though. Dying of thirst everytime.
3	I love this place but the pay scales on the keno are diminished to the point it is difficult to win.  If they had full pay multi keno I would play here exclusively.  Love the hotel and the service.  You will enjoy your stay here.  :)
4	My husband and I are locals so never stayed at the Silverton but we eat and gamble there frequently. We love the buffet! The quality is better than other lower priced buffets in town and the employees treat us very nice. Wish they hadn't quit the crab legs though, we never missed a chance to go for those. I play video poker and there are only six 9-6 double double video poker machines. Wish they would put better pay schedules on other machines. If they did that, I would give 5 stars.
5	I LOVE this place! My very first Vegas stay was here when my husband and I came with his coworker and his wife for a class the guys took. We have been back quite a few times and even stayed here for our wedding and booked our wedding party and family here. The beds are wonderful, clean, soft and very luxurious. The decor is rustic and relaxing. The hotel is clean and well kept, and the food is good. The standard rooms are very large and well kept. The housekeeping staff does a great job and keeping things clean and respond quickly when you need something or have any issues. When we stayed for our wedding they were very accommodating as we booked not only the wedding party but all of my husbands family here. Everyone enjoyed the hotel and casino. We had a very large party for dinner which I forgot to make a reservation for and the steakhouse quickly, easily and very friendly accommodated us as a party of 22. The mermaid attraction is great and it's very relaxing to sit in the lounge and have a drink and get lost in the attraction. My husband and his co worker have returned from class a few times to find there wives relaxing there on cocktail number 3 or 4. It's located just north of the strip which makes travel to stateline for shopping very easy and it's about 5-10 minutes from the strip and the attractions there. The Bass Pro Shop is the biggest I've ever seen! I've enjoyed wandering around and usually this is my gift shop for family and friends. I've been wanting to book a suite for many years now but they're always booked up when I try. This place is very relaxing, clean and fun to stay or play at. I've noticed a large amount of locals play here and they're friendly to the tourists. The other plus for me is it's location to shopping on Blue Diamond, there's a Ross, a few places to eat and some other shopping just down the street which I've enjoyed quite a few times. The room service at the hotel is very good and priced well. We spent one weekend here on a complete whim and stayed in the room almost all weekend. They have a great selection of in room movies for a great price. The bathroom amenities are very nice also from the body shop. The pool and outside area is clean and well maintained like the rest of the resort. Overall this is one of my favorite places to stay when looking to relax. I have enjoyed many lazy mornings with room service and a movie lounging in bed or soaking in the tub. You really don't feel like your in the middle of the desert when here and you're treated very well. Rooms are reasonable and there's lots to do!
2	Used to enjoy bass pro but no so much anymore. Every weapon is marked up 100 bucks at least and ammo is what you would find anywhere else, no .22. The casino is alright for what it is, the outdoorsy theme but the machines are horrible, if you gamble stick to the tables and at least give yourself a chance. Buffet is pretty good, limited selection but decent quality food and great service. I'd give it three stars but I can't get past the fact that machines at Texas station of all places pay out more.  They also have Johnny rockets which is also overpriced but obviously good food.  Silverton is a decent casino with somewhat inflated prices for an off strip location but if bass pro is your thing, definitely worth the stop.
3	My boyfriend and I are locals so we haven't stayed at the Silverton yet... but we eat and gamble here often. We have grown to like Mi Casa... since joining there players club we have gotten many rewards for both dining and gaming which continue to bring us back.
4	We had an early flight which got us to the hotel around 9am, but the nice gentlemen at desk let us check in at that time and even let us have late check out time at 2pm with no extra charges unlike hotels on strip that charges you for everything. I requested a room facing pool after reading tips. Worth the view as the other room views aren't much to look at. We got a room with 2 queens for $61 a night (including tax/resort fee through Priceline). The bathroom was a bit small and television was still a boob tube (I'm not much of a tv watcher anyways). I guess you can't have everything, I was satisfied.. Bass store is huge and neat. The Aquarium was awesome to see. If you get there at certain times you'll be able to see the mermaid and the scuba diver feed the stingrays. We really enjoyed that. There's a free shuttle from airport to hotel and free shuttle from hotel to Caesars Palace. It was about $20 for a taxi ride from NY NY hotel back to Silverton. If you want the same Vegas feel with restaurants, gambling, and shopping w/o the crowds, Silverton is perfect for you. If you need last minute things, Target is a mile walk down the road along with other stores/fast foods. I would stay again.
5	Late review... In 2012 I was working for a construction company. I was in Vegas every other week so I was able to try almost every hotel in town. Silverton, hands down is my absolute favorite. The rooms are nice, the beds are amazing. The staff very friendly and by the end of the project, they knew me by name. The little gym wasn't on par with some of the bigger hotels like South Pointe but it is free. Which is better than nothing. There were a lot of great places close to the hotel to get something to eat and having a starbucks downstairs was a HUGE plus. The mermaid bar was always my go to spot. Drinking and watching jelly fish swim around? Awesome (unless there is a dead one floating around but they take care of the tanks really well, so I am sure they die from natural causes). The mermaids are great too, I always got a kick watching little girls stare into the tank in awe but a Santa Clause mermaid, uhhhh... that was a little too much... but kids loved it. They also hosted the food trucks there a few times, which made the stay even more pleasurable. Bass Pro shops? Perfect for shopping for those one off gifts for those hard to shop for at Christmas time. Sadly, there are none near to me where I live. I always recommend this place to friends and family. Its not too far from the strip as long as you have a rental car and they do offer a shuttle!!
4	Decent hotel!! This is our first time staying off the strip and this place is cheap and decent. Our room was comfy and quiet. My only suggestion is be sure to get a smoke free room cuz this place smells of smoke!! WE also liked that a starbucks and johnny rockets is on site. Only 10 mins from mandalay bay/luxor/NY NY. If you are spending time on this part of the strip save yourself some cash and stay at the silverton and just park in the public lot at the luxor!!
1	The owners need to seriously consider a makeover. The paint is old; the bathroom fixtures corroded or rusted; wallpaper peeling in the bathroom; very dimly lit parking lot and walkway into hotel. Television was small and old (not flat screen). Wireless internet constantly buffered so we couldn't connect. We booked four nights but only stayed one.
4	Great place to stay. Super friendly staff, very comfortable beds with pillow top? & super comfy down pillows and comforters. Love love loved the beds. Great pool area, very beautiful. The only complaint there was that the pool area was considered off season (85+ degrees out during our Oct. visit) so there were no cushions or bar/food available outside and no outdoor bathroom. You have to go in the casino dripping wet or take the time to dry off so don't hold it til it's too late lol. Food was delicious at both the Seasons Buffet and Mi Casa Mexican grill. The $2 street tacos were the best I've ever had especially the chicken tacos. Large for street tacos which is great! Great wait staff at both locations. Friendly and on top of it. The only thing I found strange was there is NO breakfast buffet. Kind of a bummer. Other than that my only other wish was for a coffee machine in my room. Breakfast buffet, coffee machine and cushions please!!
4	Played blackjack for 5 mins and won $100. Hell yeah.Sign up for a players card and work up 50 points on the first day and get a coupon for a free buffet. Also on Thurs get a coupon for BOGO buffet during the month of Oct.You def get more points racked up faster here than at other casinos.
4	This casino is definitely Las Vegas best values for your money. ..Rooms are decent for the very affordable compared to the strip. .better odds at the tables and  the Sports book always has the best odds for the bettor. ..if you want to have the Vegas feel with out the price this place is great...my only little knick the service is slow at times. .
4	We were looking somewhere off the strip for a family friendly vacation. Silverton fit the bill pretty well. We got a very cheap rate for the hotel ($69 + $10 resort fee), which was awesome! The rooms were pretty nice.. the TV was an old tube thing and there was a general dark dingy kind of feel to the room, but nothing was dirty or anything like that. The room service lady barged right into our room in the morning. No knock or anything. We didn't have our "do not disturb" sign hanging but sheesh, one could still knock.. Being that it is a whole resort kind of thing, it was a bit of a walk to find the hotel lobby. It's very easy to get lost among the restaurants, shops, casino, etc. We self parked in the garage and thought the elevators there were for the hotel.. nope.. garage elevators. So try to pay attention to the signs, even if the arrows are a bit vague! It can also be a little hard to find where exactly to park in the whole complex. The whole thing was a bit much for me, and I'd prefer to stay at a dedicated hotel next time.The location of this is really great. It's a slower paced area off Blue Diamond road with plenty of restaurants nearby, or hop on I-15 and you're on the Strip in a few minutes!
1	Drove buy many times and wanted to stop. So we finally did. Maybe just on off day for them. Valet staff sent us in different directions and took a while to get unloaded. Any to the Mexican restaurant and had a long wait due to not enough staff and then they did not bring all ordered items. Had to ask for refills. Went back to the room-ice machine did not work, we called the desk and they blamed another patron that took too much ice. We had to go to the first floor. Out my boy into the bathtub and it would not hold water.  One last thing, all the new castle bottles beers tasted like they had got hot at one time and did not taste right. Still drank them though.
5	We came here for dinner at Mi Casa mexican restaurant.  We ended up gambling and having some drinks so we decided to spend the night.   The rooms, restaurants and customer service are all great here.   This is probably where we will end up for NYE.   The drink specials and atmosphere are great!I also highly recommend the buffet as we've done it in the past and it's great too...#lasvegas #silverton #great
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #32:the closest major casino to mi casa; a worthy solid mid-scale bet; focuses on the locals trade with tons of slot machines; adjoined to a huge Bass Pro Shop, complete with massive waterfalls, lagoons, and fish (some of which are huge!); the Mermaid Lounge has the unique feature of a giant cylindrical fish tank that you can walk around and gawk at, and sometimes see human "mermaids" taking a swim; the small lounge / sports bar features an Airsrtream trailer converted into a mini-bowling alley; great happy hour specials (both early and late) at Twin Creeks steakhouse; the outdoor pool is small, but the surrounding cabana area is nicer than you'd expect; this place rates 3.5 stars, but I don't think it's worthy of 4, so they only get 3 on the Yelp scale; best craft beer bet = it's really lacking; the best you can do is Sin City amber & IPA on tap at a few of the bars
