3	The staff is mostly assholes. There is no smoking at all unless you are 21 and absolutely no reentry. It is good however if you are seeing a "developed band" as it can sound great, but seing a "undeveloped band" will make it sound shitty.
5	The music scene in the Scottsdale/Phoenix/Tempe area is often characterized as "lackluster" . . . correctly. Thankfully, a few of the local movers and shakers are beginning to recognize that fact and are taking steps to change it. The owners of the Clubhouse are among them. As exhilarating as it has been to catch Creed cover bands reveling in their success at bars from Glendale to Chandler for the past 5 years, Arizonans are ready for the real deal. The Clubhouse has brought up and coming indie acts like M. Ward, Citizen Cope, Aesop Rock, and Pitchfork favorite Sparklehorse - and has even generated enough momentum to bring to town old-school indie innovators Of Montreal. It makes you think that if any dignified but non-radio-friendly rockers are coming through the Valley, they will be plugging in for at least a night at the Clubhouse. The venue itself is modest in size, cleanly divided into a roped-off bar area and an all ages section up front for the kiddies and the avid audiophiles. Even from the deepest bar stool, the sound is crisp and the view isn't much more than mildly obstructed, so you can swig down your beverage in peace and not worry about headbanging dreadlocks shuffling your ice cubes while you're not looking. My favorite aspect of this place is that it is such an unexpected triumph. It's dropped into a bleak strip mall, like any other consumerist monument to capitalism that is peppered along the Phoenix grid. But walk inside the door and you feel like you've disappeared and reappeared in a cultural hotspot, where the people are as unique as the rose in the sidewalk that this venue is coming to represent. If for no other reason, I give this place my whole-hearted thumbs up because it has done what very few other Phoenix concert spots have managed to do: not suck. Congratulations, Clubhouse.
3	Strange and sort of dumpy place.  There was actually trash on the stage before the concert even started!  The doors opened about 40 minutes later than was planned, and the music started pretty late as well but that may not be their fault.  All the security guards were nice and polite to me.  I was mostly annoyed because the ticket I pre ordered online was several dollars more expensive than the price they were letting people in for.  Again, possibly not the venues fault.  I would definitely go back, but it is in no way my favorite venue, even in Tempe.
1	this place absolutely sucks. probably the worst music venue i've ever had to watch a show in. it wouldn't be so bad if they just stuck to the local and small time bands that usually play there, but when bands with a good reputation and fan base have to play there it is a disaster.the place itself is just strip mall space with the walls painted black and a bar stuck in the center. the sound there is absolutely terrible unless the band brings its own system. but even when ladytron did that, it was still really quiet. i think they must have some noise requirements since they are in a strip mall and right by homes. total suck.if you wanna drink while you watch you have to stand at the back of the place behind or to the side of the bar which gives you a horrible view and even poorer sound. i was watching architecture from helsinki at one of the high tables at the back and i could barely hear them over people talking near me. embarrassing.the bar prices are also lousy. around 5 dollars for a pint.only go there unless you absolutely have to hear the band playing. if a band you care about announces a date there, make sure to try to contact their tour manager and try to convince them to play elsewhere. my recommendation would be the brickhouse.
4	The all-ages music venue is a great place to see a concert in an intimate venue. You can even mingle with the bands! I did shots with the guys from Bowling for Soup last year before their show, next door at the neighboring Horse & Hound. The bad part about the venue is that if you want to drink, you have to stay by the bar to watch the show, and there's not usually a good view. I had to fight to get close last October for the sold-out Jimmy Eat World show.
2	Not a horrible music venue ... it just seems like they don't try very hard.  The venue seem to depend on outside promoters (like Charlie of StateSide Presents) to put on decent shows.The worst of it is that the "ankle biters" get to go right up to the stage while the profit generating drinkers are relegated to the back with poor sight lines.  F' that!!This town needs a new Nita's Hideaway ... and sadly this aint it.
3	As local music venues go, The Clubhouse is pretty big.  As a band promoter, it's a goal of every local band to "make it" to The Marquee.  First, though, you gotta fill The Clubhouse!Mostly all-ages shows, which the band loves but I hate.  I mean, at 37, why do I want to hang with people young enough to be my kids?  They sit in the corner and look miserable.  I know, I know.  We all did it at that age.  And I thought I was soooooooooooooo cool!  For the size of the place, there really should be more than one bathroom.  I can remember when the place was half the size...with the same one bathroom for each gender.  Staff is always friendly and the guys are hot (that's for you Thomas!) and the chicks are, too.Besides local bands, though, you can see some really awesome national acts in an intimate setting.  The Breeders, Subhumans, and many other has-beens are upcoming shows.  Hey, I'll be at both of those :P
3	I don't quite know how I feel about the Clubhouse. I want to like it, but there's this part of me that is screaming "this place sucks!" and it won't let up. I saw the Hotel Cafe tour here last night, and I must say, the musicians and sound were absolutely phenomenal.  However, the "venue" aspects of this place are terrible. First of all, they have several security guards roaming the huge strip-mall parking lot. You're not allowed to sit in your car before a show starts, you either have to leave or wait in line. Uh, okay?? Secondly, the security guards are assholes. We parked in front of the pinball store last night, and there was a security guard on us immediately saying "you can't park there, they'll tow you, they're assholes". The parking space was white and unmarked, so we stayed. Thirdly, if you're not drinking, your hands are horribly molested with a permanent marker. Seriously?? Is it really necessary you draw two 50 cent piece size circles on my hands?? Lame. Let's see, what else..oh, if you're not 21, absolutely no re-entry. But if you are 21, you can re-enter. Again, wtf? Of course the "of age" people are sectioned off from the "non-of agers"...in the back, where it seemed everyone was there to hang out and talk. This proved to be frustrating during softer songs when you could overhear bar chatter. And absolutely no hanging around after a show. That's including the front of the building. They want you out asap. I would love to give the Clubhouse four stars solely on the fact that the Hotel Cafe tour was absolutely mind-blowing, but the annoying staff, dumpy atmosphere (it's in a strip mall, hello) and asshole security guards ruined it for me.
1	I went to see the Killers of Comedy show (greatest comedy line up ever, btw.) here and I must say... this place sucks.  The drinks were way over priced.... $7 for weak drinks with poor liquor selection.  We ordered shots of tequila chilled and they poured the shots into shot glasses.... see they have to ice the liquor to chill it and it's always supposed to be served in a glass with larger pour to compensate for the water added via icing.  Total amateurs.The seats were literally the worst seats I have ever sat on in my life.. honestly.  A wooden bench would have been more comfortable.  Luckily, mixed in with the hellish seats were a _few_ decent seats and I was there early enough to be able to rearrange my row and grab a decent seat.There are four bathrooms with four total toilets... four!  For the entire place... and two of the toilets didn't even have a handle to flush, but they were kind enough to remove the top so customers could reach into the water and flush manually...!!?!  Seriously.  Oh, and we found a bag of coke someone must have dropped in the bathroom.  Sucks for them.  Classic.Lighting sucked and had the crowd uncomfortably lit up.The staff was nice and the sound was good, and I got to meet Beetlejuice and Yucko the Clown so that gives it one star.  I can see if you are like 14 and want to see some local Screamo band and your friend's older brother drops you off for the night how it could seem cool, but anyone else should avoid this place.... unless you're jonesin' for some booger sugar and feeling lucky.
5	I see the lot of people whining about this venue, but the truth is, places like this keep the 'soul' of Phoenix from becoming sterile, banquet halls fit for quinceneras and not shit like Of Montreal, Nada Surf, and Stereophonics.Does anyone suppose that CBGBs (RIP) had multiple, opulent bathroom stalls with a flunkie to hand you a crisp towel with super absorbent fabric to wipe your delicate lil hands with and maybe some Michael Jordan cologne to spritz on your Threadless tee? Come on now.  This is what matters:They get the best mid-level indie acts to the Valley.They have a VERY convenient bar to navigate from multiple angles.Better than decent sightlines and you can essentially 'make' your view of the band from 2 feet away to 40 yards awayGood quality sound.They will let you open a tab and the bartenders don't persecute you for it.They set aside the teens and their ambient noise.Parking is mostly convenient.Generally inexpensive shows.They have an accessible 7-11 for cigs and mixing Slurpee/Boone's Strawberry Hill pre-concert drinks (don't ask) for an improvised trunk party.They have no problem with in-sies and out-sies for the smokers.The door guys have historically been cool as shit (its a secret, shhh..)I always look forward to a band who's Valley stop is gonna be The Clubhouse, as its more intimate than The Marquee and has a little bit of fucking character that I need for ambiance.
3	At the Clubhouse...the hottest spot north of Chandler,At the Clubhouse.....Music and passion were always the fashionAt the Clubhouse .. .... they fell in love  So no one actually fell in love, at least I am not aware of any love connections (2 and 2) and I certainly didn't love this place. Meh, it was Ok, just a big dark room with an extra large bar, and big stage. Nothing to write home about, but definitely something to Yelp about.  I had a good time, the bands were great, and the drinks were cheap. I have no idea what the have on tap, or in bottles, as it was so loud. I shouted "Fat Tire" and they had it. (bingo!) I didn't really want a Fat Tire, however it seemed really inappropriate to ask the Bar Tender for their "beer list" The service was fast, crowd chill and mellow, and the bathrooms disgusting. Pretty standard stuff for a music club in PHX. Again, nothing special about this place as it resides in a non nondescript strip mall on Broadway. I have been to better venues locally, and i'd say the Clubhouse I'm least favorite of them all.
4	Went to see local bands play here last night with Amy D and her awesome friends.  Totally my kind of bar...dark, dirty, divey, and with killer bands playing.  Very spacious...but that could have something to do with the fact that the place wasn't really packed. I didn't drink this night, but I did notice that Budweiser was $6.  (Not a beer drinker, but that seems a little high, I think)  But somebody was buying the drinks.  I think last night was the first time I actually had a guy fall on top of me. (And I guess my response was priceless)The bar is in a strip mall, so parking wasn't too bad.  (I think that I came at the right time, but be careful where you park or you may get towed) The most important part of the night was that I saved Amy D's life...I removed a splinter from her hand.  I rock!Peace!
3	Went for the first time last night to see Vanessa Carlton. The venue was pretty good, sight lines were fine. Yeah, it was a bit of a dive and the bar is way too big, especially when staffed by only two bartenders. I didn't actually use the restroom there so can't comment on it.Mostly felt like any other smaller music venue...not the cleanest place in the world, but okay to see a show.Didn't have any problems with security, unlike some other folks.The split between the under-21 side and of age side was a little weird, as I'd have liked to had a beer but be closer to the stage, instead of just drinking some warm bottled water. Eh, what can ya do.
3	A few months ago I went to the Clubhouse to see some friends of mine from Los Angeles, California. I sold merchandise for Tony Lucca and Keaton Simons while at the Clubhouse, so my point of view maybe a little bit different.When I first got there I was sitting in my car waiting to get in. I wasn't sure exactly what door to use because there really was no sign that said enter.  So I just opened one of the doors and walked right in. This was about an hour before the show started. I couldn't take the heat outside and had to go in. One of the security guards came up to me and asked what I was doing there and i told him. He went back and got a wrist band for me and I proceeded to the bar and waited for my friends to get done with sound check so we all could talk.Anyway, I thought the place was nice (i've been to some dumps and dives) and the security was nice. Trust me when I say, security at the Troubadour sucked big time and same at the Marquee Theater. Again there was plenty of parking and I thought the sound was great. The only strange thing I thought was you had to stay at the bar and drink, you couldn't go outside the bar with your drink. Parking was plentiful and the staff was decent.
4	Couches in the back that smell like a bus in L.A. in the middle of a heat wave (think sweat, booze and a hint of urine). Carpet that smells like a cat box. Ceiling fans that only circulate the stiflingly hot, non-air conditioned air. Cranky bar tenders who seem to have forgotten how to smile. Screaming teenagers moshing, stage diving and crowd surfing. Yeah, that's what a good music venue is all about!So, like many have complained, the Clubhouse smells bad. The air conditioner is either broken or taxed beyond use (a friend told me it's not usually that hot in there). You can't take your drinks to the mosh pit. They have signs up that say "no re-entry without ID". But, here's the thing, if you're young enough to want to be right up by the stage and get in the thick of things, you're probably a teenager or a young adult. If you're a teenager, you shouldn't be drinking anyway. If you're a young adult over 21, you probably already got drunk before the show. If you're a little older like myself and many of my friends, you might still enjoy a good live show, but you'd rather leave the moshing to people who break a little less easily. I'm glad the bar area is in the back, because I can sit back and relax without having to worry about some hyped-up kid running around and knocking my drink out of my hand, but, if I feel the urge, I can ditch my drink and go join the throngs up front and get the crap kicked out of me. And, as for the going outside thing, I think if you're nice enough to the door people (you know, make eye contact, say "hello", etc) they're likely to let you back in anyway. At least, that's been my experience. The first time I went to this venue we were there for about 6 hours (Battle of the Bands). The door guy remembered us after the first time and we didn't have to show our IDs or bracelets when we went in and out. The last time I went there, for Finch and Scary Kids, there were a ton of kids going in and out for cigarettes or to cool off in the rain, and I never saw any problems arise from this. There is a large parking lot available, but you still might want to get there early or park across the street, the lot get's pretty full once the show is in full swing.And you know, even when the place was packed, the sight lines were still REALLY good for a venue of this size. And this place really does get some good bands for the price. MXPX & Lagwagon are coming soon. Reggie and the Full Effect, RX Bandits will also be playing there over the next month or so. Come on people, if you're really passionate about music and you're going to a venue that DOESN'T smell a little like B.O. you're going to the wrong place. B.O. and a good show go hand in hand. If there isn't a stink of sweat, people aren't having enough fun.Honestly, I think that the people who are so affronted by the smell or layout of this place should just stick to shows at generic commercial venues (like the Dodge Theatre). Shows at venues like the Clubhouse are all about energy, fun and rocking out to good music...leave your negative chi at home.
4	I've seen many shows here, and I generally have a good time. The Clubhouse definitely brings me back 15-20 years to a time when this city actually had a scene and cool places to go see shows. I'm not going to start name-dropping though, so you'll just have to take my word for it.My score of this place is probably heavily influenced by the quality of the bands I've seen perform here. As a bar, it's a bit of a filthy dive (which makes it a perfect candidate to host indie music events), but it's still cleaner and nicer than most places I've seen bands play (which says more about those places than this one). Clubhouse seems to land hosting duties for some really great bands though, so if you're a fan of good music you'll probably end up seeing a show here at some pointI can't imagine why anyone would come here just to drink, however, they definitely serve some strong drinks here. They also serve them in plastic cups so you really feel like you're at a classy joint. The bartenders can be nice and somewhat attentive if you tip well, but it's hard for them to hear your drink order so don't be surprised if you get the wrong thing.The sound is usually above average for this type of club. Phoenix has always been known for having shitty sound at the club venue level, so even at their worst, they seem to provide pretty good audio here in comparison. If you forget your earplugs and you're old enough to care about such a thing, you'll hear the music just fine from behind the bar.The layout of this place seems to work pretty well. The size is great now... it can really pack them in without losing a sense of intimacy - and as long as the band can draw at least 50 people, it won't feel vacant and empty. The place could definitely use more seating and a more regular deep clean, but it's tough to complain since it all just works.Problems? Well, their system for tickets and entry can move a little slow, but it's about the same as any other place I suppose. Inefficiency is the norm. Out front by the door is where people go to smoke and it's nearly impossible to leave the venue without stinking of it. Aside from those and a few other minor quibbles, it's a great place to see a show. Plenty of parking, good audio, stiff drinks, all-ages bar w/ ID, good bands, and enough of a dirty divey feel to bring you back to the good-old-days when music was good.
3	Even though I am officially in my 30s, I look like I'm still in college, which made me feel slightly less uncomfortable when I walked into The Clubhouse. Yes, it is near ASU, and yes, it is an all-age venue, so I should have expected that the club would be filled with 18-20 somethings. But just because I look 21, doesn't mean that my internal reality made me feel a little out-of-place. But, I was like, whateva!It is somewhat of a dive bar trying to be a club but failing miserably. Like a nerd trying to be punk or a cheerleader trying to be emo -- it somehow didn't work for me. It felt like I was in someone's basement turned rocker's haven. Black walls, haphazard decor, and one sole stinky quasi-couch that looked like it had been salvaged from some dump. The stage was at the front of the club, and the bar in the middle dissected the under-21 crowd from the over-21 boozers. Unfortunately, if you wanted to drink, you had to stay on the over-21 side of the bar. That sucked because you barely had a view of the stage. WTF?!  Shouldn't the paying lushes get a better view than the youngsters who only paid to get in the club? Stupid. I have to say, though, the sound system was a helluva lot better than some of the other small music venues I've been to.  That's a plus.  Finally, this last annoyance will definitely show my age, but having to stand the entire time I was there was horrible. My feet hurt, dammit! And, I just wanted to sit down! But, I'll suck it up the next time because there are some great bands that play here, and for me, great music can make any situation better.
3	Ok - I've admitted my slight tendency toward curmudgeon in the past.  But I have to say, at the Clubhouse, it's as though they sort of knew me, and my curmudgeonly tendencies, and ran their operation accordingly.  Yes, the spare van back seat that acts as a "couch" in the back of the club is disgusting.  I wouldn't sit on it unless I was in a full hazmat suit.  Yes, the floor coats your shoes with a goop reminiscent of the 4H petting booth at the county fair.But the troughs of expensive domestic 22's harken me back to my "um, yeah, I'm 21 (insert guilty, underage look)" days, and truthfully?  seriously?  when i'm gripping my big ol deuce deuce of Coor's Light, I'm happy to be in the back of the house with the over-agers.  Then, when I've had enough watered down intoxicant to lube up my dancing shoes, I can migrate into the alcohol-less front of the house to rock out.It's a grungy tribute to dirty musical venues, the Clubhouse.  The bathrooms are adequately disgusting, littered with "Henry the bouncer is f'n hot!" and "Go Vegetarian!" followed by "They taste good, haha!"  Which - is par for the course, I suppose, but disturbing considering the bouncer's shook us down for our pen, (a remnant of our 9-5'ism, which we were desperately trying to disguise)  leaving me only one conclusion:  these writers crotched their sharpies.  Now for heavens sakes, there are better things to crotch than markers when attending a show.  It nonetheless is a warning to leave found sharpies on the ground where they lie.  You never know where they've been carefully hidden.  Continue to steal them from your office, that's what office supplies are for.So overall, there are lessons to be learned from The Clubhouse.  It's an above-average venue with an amply sized stage, adequate access to alcohol, a regularly security-oggled parking lot (which makes that desperate behind-the-dumpster pee rather difficult), and a decent amount of traffic by good artists.All the normal annoyances abound, shaved arm dancers that want to cut you with their stubble by swaying off-beat and scraping up against you, the lurid smell of Monster energy drinks in the ticket line, the rambunctious youths hopped up on said drinks, the bouncer that stands in front of you, arms-crossed, waiting to see another waft of that devil-weed smoke rising above the underagers.  But it is not a wine and jazz club.  It is a show venue in a college-town.  In Phoenix / Tempe.  Not San Francisco / Detriot / Chicago or New York.  And I would be suspicious if it was less dirty.So it's not bad.  Not bad at all.
4	I can hang at this place, provided it's the right show that entices me through the front door. Like last night. I came here specifically to see Okkervil River. I didn't have a ticket. I walked up 1 hour and 15 minutes after the doors open. And did I get in? Yep. For the same price as everyone else. $15. That alone is worth more than people realize, for try showing up at a venue in Austin, Boston or Chicago and expect to get right in. Doesn't happen, at least in my experience. (This is a big plus for Phoenix in my book.)This place could be a "dive," but I've been to worse. So, the interior didn't faze me. And thanks to a head's up from John V, I knew not to expect the best beer selection. So, I opted for water. Free, baby. Can't go wrong with that, especially in this state... and ESPECIALLY inside The Clubhouse, where it's more sultry and steamy than a panty-less Penthouse Party. And even if I did want a drink, I don't think I could have talkd myself into paying $4 or $5 for swill. Even though I had free water, I sweat my arse off. I spotted a woman with a fan at the bar. I was jealous. Why didn't I think of that? It was standing room only, but I expected as much. I was surprised, though, to notice ample room. It wasn't sweaty arm to sweaty arm, like I thought it may be. Could have been due to a Thursday night, or maybe I got lucky. Whatever the case, I didn't have to feel the direct heat of somebody's body, along with the stifling inside air (no circulation whatsoever, ugh). As for the show, I wondered to myself if I was the only one questioning the acoustics. The set was great. The band performed quite well. I just wonder if, in another venue, the music would have been sharper. Hmm. At least the stage is big enough for the band to jump around - a little. Nothing sucks worrse than having no room to rock out!I also didn't like how the bar area was quite well lit for a music venue. It took away from the experience, and I wasn't about to saunter up to the stage and pack in like a sardine, even though it was dark up front. Besides, by standing a little farther back, I could see the whole stage. Best "seat" in the house, if you ask me. As for parking, forgetaboutit. Get there early or plan to find a spot somewhere other than the parking lot. I had a short walk to the venue, which I don't recommend if you're a lady, flyin' solo. Lucky for me, a cool Yelper gave me a lift to my car afterwards. Oh, yeah, that's the other thing that makes this place cool: company. I'm not sure I would have had such a great time if I ended up being utterly alone. I'm glad I ran into a couple people I know! Then again, this isn't the type of place that scares me. I'd go back alone, if that were my only option, for the vibe inside is relaxed and there's plenty of Security. They don't search you, either, which I appreciated. I'm not here to case the joint; I'm hear to listen to my heart's content to a band that, thanks to The Clubhouse, came rollin' through Phoenix last night.So, yeah. 4 stars from me. I like venues like this, especially when they host bands that otherwise would have no stage to play on. Clubhouse, keep it up!
3	I'm new to the Phoenix area but found out that Deerhoof was playing a show here. I'm from Seattle so I expected the place to be packed but it was a surprisingly small crowd which was actually refreshing for once. As for the venue itself, it's your basic dark, gross music venue. That isn't an insult. Considering the staff, I assume a lot of punk shows happen here. Would I go back for a show? Absolutely. Though on a minor note, if the bathroom has to be that gross could they at least put some soap in the dispenser?
4	i like the clubhouse, i've seen some really memorable shows here. thankfully i remember the performance more then anything else about this venue. umm. the bathroom is usually pretty gross. but thats what happens when it's 1 toilet per sex for 600 people. duh!!thankfully this place is close to a 7/11 so i can pick up a 40 and drink in the parking lot. and then go back into the show with a crotch full of 50ml shots of bacardi or something similar.5 stars when the bathroom doesn't look like cambodia.
4	I love The Clubhouse. Its not super tiny like some smaller venues and they tend to book bands that I want to see. The stage is not high and and there is no barrier separating you from the band which is always best. The parking is convenient and you can hit the Circle K right afterward to quench your thirst. My favorite show here was Foxy Shazam, and lets just say that if you have not heard of them you might as well consider yourself a wiener.
4	MAD PROPS to CLubhouse for being one of the only like two all ages venues in the metro area. I absolutely love playing here and its a blast seeing shows here.There are a few downsides that prevent me from making it a 5 such as the new sound guy and the grungy bathrooms, but overall this place is dizope!
4	Clubhouse... You smell so bad~but sound soooo good!Recently we(like sat.night)were here with 100 of our closest friends. When you walk in the smell is a little over whelming...but..you soon hear the great music and all is forgiven! The staff was AWESOME! We had a problem with the bathroom.I told security and the dude said hey I'M a plumber and bam it was fixed!Next.. it was a little warm so I asked if they could turn the fans on and bam they did!The drinks are cheap. And if you like them strong then this is the place for you!All in all Clubhouse you ROCK in every sense of the word!!!Oh~and by the way the Horse and Hound is right next door! Cheap drinks and good food! (they also own The Clubhouse) handy huh?
4	The clubhouse definitely rocks.  I have seen some great local music as well as some bands that take me back (think Lagwagon!)  The bar is set up perfectly, and it's easy to pound your drink and head out into the pit.  The last time I was there I was partying with my boss (an ex punker himself) and we both ended up stage diving - a feat I haven't accomplished in ages.  I had a great time and would definitely head back there many times to come.
3	So I ventured here last Friday to see some screamy generic emo "metal" band with my boyfriend. My night started with the checking of ID's and mockery of my age using huge, and seemingly permanent black  x's on my wrists. I'm used to having everything poked, prodded, and searched through but here as long as I paid, I was in. I could have taken a butcher knife inside of the venue and no one would have known. I'm not for invasion of privacy but I definitely want a little bit of security when surrounded by havock-causing stereotypes. The standing area was separated between 21+ and the less fortunate so I took my usual place next to the 16 year olds taking phone videos of the concert and texting their friends. The show was okay. I'm honestly don't know anything about sound systems and such being someone who has enjoyed the acoustics of a garage show before. So there wasn't anything noticeably bad...but I wasn't particularly impressed with much either. At the end of the show I started feeling really nauseated. It was super hot inside, the sweaty, shirtless were spinning and kicking in my direction, and my inability to LEAVE to get some air induced a feeling to throw up all over myself. Thankfully I didn't but I had to dive out at the last minute, not being able to bear the smell of greasy humans and what I deducted to be every one in the entire place to be taking a dump all at once. Funny enough, I was told later by my boyfriend that there were two staff members desperately trying to push back an overflowing toilet in the bar section. Well...that explains that. I DO like this place because it's dingy, small, and authentic. You feel like you're watching a show on a more personal level which makes a huge difference when watching a live performance. I also really appreciate the bands that they book. The all ages aspect and the super low prices for tickets also gives it some brownie points.
4	We took our son to his first punk concert here. The music was great and he walked away with a free skateboard -  and he got free shirts and CDs at the last show - so it's great for the under 21 crowd and good times are definitely had here...But good luck getting my husband to catch another show there. Being an electrician - he couldn't help but look around and examine all the electrical wiring and he was not feeling too comfortable. So it's great for local bands, kids and rockers - Not so great for those who look too closely.
3	Five or six years ago, I was trying to get into the Clubhouse bathroom, and I was pretty sure the door was locked.  There was a dude waiting in the hallway and he was all like, "Naw bro, it ain't locked, naw, naw, naw, you just gotta push it real hard 'coz it gets stuck."So I kicked the door as hard as I could, and the door frame splintered, and the guy in the bathroom who had locked the door was all like, "what the fuck?" and i was like "what the fuck?" and the guy who told me to push it hard was laughing real hard.other than that, this place is pretty dependably average.  in my experience, the sound guys are always competent, and the bar-tenders are usually pretty generous with the liquor.a lot of the mid-range touring punk shows get booked here - and i wouldn't call it a "local" venue, per se.  it sort of occupies the strata where a band is not big enough for the marquee but would have too many folks show up for the art-gallery spaces downtown.also, re: amber w - one of only two venues in the metro area?! there's a bunch more.  i'm not sure if you mean just cities besides phoenix, but, yeah, there's lots of others - the marquee, chyro arts, people mover, just to name a few.the best show i saw here was probably explosions in the sky, four years ago.
4	I saw Hurt and Revenge of the Fallen here last week.  Very cool small venue.  The sound quality was good, full service bar right in the middle of the place and the tickets were only $15.  There were several small bands playing prior to my arrival too.  I will be checking their calendar for upcoming shows and will definitely return.
4	yes, the clubhouse is generally gross. the sticky slime that covers the floor appears nuclear and scares me. yes, the security detail could use a hug. they're always so grumpy! but i enjoy tryin' to make them smile. yes, the drinks are cheap. as such, your liquor selection is also cheap. don't try to get fancy - my standard vodka tonic is challenging enough. stick with beers and standard cocktails. but the music is so good! a show at the clubhouse is always memorable - up and coming indie acts, ska bands i loved in high school (can you say buck-o-nine) and i even saw pennywise here once. small enough to be intimate (in a hungover, unshowered way) but large enough to draw some really, really rad acts. ticket prices are always reasonable - you won't have to spend your last hundo to see a show. i never hesitate to stop by when the right band is around. oh and you can get your drink on at the place next door before the show. score!
4	Perfect venue for touring punk bands. This place is a little small, but it makes the atmosphere more cosy. Don't get me wrong, this is a dingy bar, but the people working there are super friendly. I was lucky enough to see Jello perform with his new band. I mean I was so excited to be able to be front of the stage inches from an icon. At other venues you wouldn't be so fortunate. Yes people still stage dive and they're slam pits so if your not into that kind of stuff stay towards the bar area to watch your band. Place is dark, nowhere except the bar to sit, unless you don't mind the ground. I gave this place a 4 star instead of a 5 star, just because they charge you a convince fee for tickets, like $3, really.. it's a freakin bar. Also because I couldn't find this place for the life of me. I map quested it and everything. It's in a strip mall hidden location for anyone who's never been there before.   No one was outside so I kept driving passed it.. Map quest was way wrong... Had to stop into a few stores to ask for directions.. Anyway, show was awesome, venue perfect for this type of show.
4	This place is pretty cool. When I first walked in I thought it was going to be lame because it's in a stripmall and frankly, a concert venue that wasn't originally built to be one won't always have the best sound quality no matter how much eggcrate  you glue to the walls. I'm also a huge snot about this kind of thing because I grew up in Los Angeles and have been to pretty much every small venue in the entire city (Roxy, el Rey, those kinds of places) and I think I know it all. (By the way, as soon as I hit thirty I woke up that morning, the day of my birthday, and instantly knew that I do not know it all. But I digress...)I saw Peaches and MEN last night and it was awesome. It's easy to get in, it's easy to move around once you're in there, it's an all-ages venue, drinks are average-priced and pretty strong, and the sound was fantastic. Plus, the bartenders are nice and serve you in the order that you approach the bar (meaning they didn't let giant tattooed tits dictate how long you must wait for your drink). In fact, everyone I encounted who works there is pretty nice too, from the bouncers to the ticket guy. I didn't see any fights last night and while I thought some of the random sections roped-off with yellow "caution" tape was kind of ... weird, I still think this is a decent enough place to see a show that not every MTV doof in town is going to show up at.
4	Let me break down the Clubhouse really simple for you.Parking is a bitch, there is a huge office parking lot to the west (across the street) that I've never had a problem parking in.The staff is all business, don't bring some shady looking ID (vertical AZ ID, cracked, peeling, etc) and expect to get your wristband.If you need to use the bathroom and can get next door to The Horse and The Hound, do it. Their bathrooms are approximately 350% cleaner than The Clubhouse's.The A/C isn't the best, so if you go to a show in the summer expect to sweat your respective nether regions off. Be ready to put your hair up, leave your pants (wear shorts) at home and hoodies in the car.That being said, they have great bands come through. The bar is pretty decent and keeping the above caveats in mind will net you a solid experience.
4	Yet another trip to The Clubhouse has reminded me just how great this place is.  Very diverse crowd, most people would have to try pretty hard not to fit in here.The acoustics are great for a divey bar/music venue, and if you aren't digging the opening bands you can head next door to the OTB and have a couple cocktails until the headliner comes on.
1	Not the best venue in the area by a mile. They should rename it the Douchehouse. The unfortunate proximity to ASU and the all ages policy/PBR on draft really bring in the drunken jackasses who are there to talk rather than watch the show. Parking is a pain in the ass; the business complex next door was blocked off and the lot was full. The bathroom situation is a serious joke. I've never been in a place where the better option is to leave and go next door to piss. The DJ playing music before the show should be fired. You've got an incredibly hot electro-indie band about to come on, and you crank up the hip-hop and 70's disco? Retard.Sound is good-that's the only positive thing I have to say. I won't be going back unless it's a band I absolutely have to see.
2	I have to be honest, I really do not like this place. At all. I've been coming here for years . . I practically used to live here back when I was dumb enough to date boys who are in bands. I never remember liking it then, and after last nights show, my mind hasn't changed much. Its small. Its dirty. Its unorganized. I find it really weird that its located in a strip mall next to a burrito shop. On a sold out night, its next to impossible to get a drink at the over-sized bar that takes up 70% of the venue. Order 2 at a time... double fisting is the only way to booze at The Clubhouse. They offer food.. that is prepared at the restaurant next door and brought over.. which is also weird, but the nachos looked totally decent. The bathroom situation is terrible.. With only one stall, I waited in line for over 20 minutes. I know we women like to take our time, but come on bitches! Hurry up and pee!The parking lot is a zoo, and there are never any spots. Park in the business complex right next door instead.. just don't let you little sister sneak out of a show early to sleep in the car because you will return with it surrounded by cops. I know I've said absolutely nothing positive - I realize that I am a Yelp snob and I notice every single detail at any place I am at. Especially the bad ones.. But seriously, I really do not have anything good to say. Unfortunately this is just where my favorite bands decide to book so I'm forced to just deal with it.
1	If this place actually hosted the bands they sell tickets for, they'd be good. I have yet to go to a show without a sign out front that says. " show canceled."
2	I enjoy the Clubhouse far more than the Marquee, but that is not really saying a lot.  I have seen dozens of shows there, and I will probably continue seeing shows there, as bands I enjoy keep booking there.The sound here can be really spotty... sometimes it's good, sometimes it's atrocious.  I remember numerous times where the bass drum sticks out like a sore thumb and becomes incredibly annoying.  The vocals are also lacking at times.  I think some bands bring in their own sound guys to mix for them, which would explain the disparity.  The major issue I have besides that is parking, (I tried to craft an analogy here, but I am a little too tired to think of a good one), the parking can be horrible, I typically give it a go around and then give up and park in the business complex on the West side of Dorsey.  That's actually not too bad in the end, as it is really easy to get out of there. I can definitely say the 21 and older shows are vastly superior, as you can take your drink up to the stage when the bands are playing.  Hanging in the bar area during sets is loud, distracting, and particularly annoying if a band is playing a softer song.Also, I really make an effort to not go to the bathrooms there as they are pretty gross.
4	3.75 DO NOT PARK WHERE A SIGN TELLS YOU NOT TO PARK!!YOU WILL BE TOWED!!There are spots in the parking lot with signs that say something like "Military personnel parking only" or some crap like that. If you park there, you will lose your car. It doesn't matter what time it is. Tow trucks come in with their lights off & tow tons of cars away. Can you imagine going to enjoy a show, coming out, & your car is gone?!?!?!The first time I ever came here the door guy wouldn't let me bring my unopened bottle of water in. I take issue with places in Phoenix that don't let you bring water in. Don't you know what dehydration is?!I'm over 21, but I still have a vertical ID. I got my wrist band no problem.It's pretty quiet between bands. I think I heard music once.It gets HOT! They only run the A/C when the bands aren't playing. Wtf is this nonsense?! Run it when they ARE playing; that's when everyone is moving & hot.Sound can suck here. You can barely hear or understand the singers sometimes. The sound guy totally made the drums drown out the lead during 1 band. But then again, 1 band was great when it came to sound. They took time to make sure everyone was balanced.I didn't even bother going into the caution taped off bar area. But it's a pretty big section of the venue. I'm 1 of those people way up close rocking out. It's great up there, even if I do have to tell the 5 foot 13 year old next to me to stop shoving for no reason or she's gonna get an elbow to the face. Hey, it's good to learn venue etiquette early, right?Yeah, for some reason I kind of like the Clubhouse. Hmm must be because I can pay $10-15 to have a great night...
2	Some of my favorite bands that come through town end up playing at the Clubhouse.  Miike Snow last night great Show!I am used to the configuration split between 21+ and 21-.  It is easy to get up front to see everything close and personal.  Sound is usually pretty damn good.  Whats wrong?  How about turning on the f**king AC for a sold out show in the summer?  My god it was inhumane.  I ended up leaving 1/2 way through the show it was so hot.  I wasn't the only one.  You guys are great business for the bar next door.  It was full of concert goers fanning themselves back to life.Flip the switch maybe next time?  It is a concert Venue not a Bikram yoga class.
2	I've seen a few shows here and each time I've been terribly disappointed by the venue.  The bands are always top notch.  They seem to get that it's a poor venue, but in an effort to please loyal fans, they always deliver.  I feel bad for bands of such caliber as Miike Snow that have to put up with this place.  Not having A/C is a no brainer.  We're in AZ.  You pack a room full of people.  It's going to turn into a sauna.  There really is nothing to worth bragging about at The Clubhouse.  It's just  a dark room with a bar, a stage, and some sound equipment.
2	Being a native Phoenician I have attended many shows at the Clubhouse Music Venue in Tempe; winter, summer, sold-out, very few people, weeknights, and weekends. Although they tend to get a variety of music acts rolling through there, the sound always leaves something to be desired or the listeners deaf. For many years, being underage, I was forced to stand in the front, which can give a great experience being that the speakers are in your face, you're surrounded by others who are so "into" it they actually dance, and (when I was 17) be able to "make eye contact" with the guy who is usually serenading you in your bedroom on your boom-box. Now that I'm older and don't like to sing along to every word but actually play music myself and am more interested in what they are doing, the sound, and environment it gets a little hard to be so easily gratified. In the back, where I can actually hold my drink and check things out, you can hear anything but vocals; such a turn off! Another reason I'm standing in the back, is there are SO many people in there I feel claustrophobic just looking at the mass of people ahead of me. On that note, there is no AC, none at all. Clubhouse, step it up and put down on some AC. I think I saw some fans set around the bar too, that weren't even on. Lastly, no one likes to move in the back. We're all kind of in the lights of the bar, making it hard for those who are there to see and be seen stop talking and starring and start actually appreciating the reason they came (music). Oh and one more thing $6 for a miller lite from a bucket of ice (cash only) or $4 for a tall boy of red stripe (through the mass of people waiting at the understaffed bar)...enough said.
1	Worst.  Venue.  Ever.The one star is for the great music that they book.  Too bad I won't be seeing any more great bands there until they fix some of the problems.Starting with.....AIR-CONDITIONING!  It was the hottest weekend Phoenix has had yet this year with temps hitting 105 and higher.  And they had no A/C on.  Yes, I'm serious.  My friends and I could barely stand still comfortably much less dance.  Walking back out into 100 degree air never felt so good.  Oh, but they do have plenty of fans!  But most of the fans are broken and not running anyway.  Awesome.Next, THE BAR.  It doesn't take my service industry experience to know that 2 bartenders for 500 people isn't enough.  Even if some of them are under age and not drinking.  Actually getting to the bar to order a drink took over 20 hot and sweaty minutes.  Then instead of a vodka soda I got a vodka red bull.  ?!?!?  How do those even sound the same?  But instead of waiting another 20 minutes to get this corrected I just drank the damn thing. The incorrect drink wouldn't have ben SO bad if I would have been charged correctly for it.  But nope, instead of paying for one I got to pay for two!  Even better!  I can't put all the blame on the bartenders for this, they were pretty busy taking care of the other 300 plus drinkers.  Mistakes happen, I know.  But when they do, they need to be corrected.  So when I called the next day to ask for this to be fixed I didn't think it would be too much trouble to have the amount adjusted or at least the promise of a free drink at the next show.  Well, there an't never gonna be a next show.  Cause when I finally spoke with the owner I was called a name and then HUNG UP ON.  BY THE OWNER.I hope my favorite bands start playing at The Rhythm Room because this was my first and last show at The Clubhouse.
4	Whatever you do... do not wear pants! You'll thank me later. This place is tiny and authentic and HOT. We went to a Miike Snow concert in June and the hot summer air felt like a gust of air conditioning when we walked out of the place. Drinks are cheap and the space is great for watching a live show up and personal. Plan on having some cocktails before you go or hit up the beer-only tub in the back to avoid the crazy bar scene. Oh, and ladies.. there's one stall. Deal.
1	1st time: Seeing Miike Snow.  Longest line ever.  Passed out before I could gain entry.  I think it was 105 at night.  People were tipping the bouncer to get in.  Apparently, this is how the effed up venue functions.  It's corruption at its worst.  2nd time:  actually got in without 5 minutes of waiting (Edward Sharpe show).  Their AC was not even ON and they had only ceiling fans, which we asked to be turned on because they weren't in motion.  They turned on one.  One out of the 6 or so.  Then they aimed this air shaft towards the bouncers, and away from us dancing in the back.  That's right, they policed the one air shaft to cool off the bouncers who were being paid to be there, while us patrons who had paid were not getting anywhere near the cooling breeze.The venue is great for seeing the band from all angles, and it wasn't too crowded.  I just won't be going back until they fix the air-conditioning.  If you do go, Do not wear pants.  Bring a hand-held fan or battery-op one.  Remember to bring the $20 to tip the fat bouncer to cut in line.  And finally, if you must go, stop by Native New Yorker for their delicious wings!
4	Despite all the recent bad reviews of this place, I actually liked it.  The heat inside isn't THAT bad, people.  Yes, it's warmer than the 75 degrees you keep in your house, but it's not the 110 outside.I went the other night to see A House Divided (which you would like if you like Chevelle and Breaking Benjamin) and it was ROCKIN'. Sound was pretty good.  I like how it's small enough for the band members to see who is standing in the back and terrorize them.Ladies... one stall in the bathroom.  Be forewarned that there is going to be some drunk chick that will probably go and make a mess in there.  Just plan on not using it as the evening progresses.All in all... it's a pretty good experience.  I like that those who aren't drinking get to be up front.
1	I'd say I've been to the Clubhouse a few times a year over the past five years or so. Does that make me the most knowledgeable person on the venue? By all means, no. But, there are some very common themes among the shows I've seen here, even though the artists were different genres, different, crowds, and even different times of year. The sound quality is terrible. The last three bands that I have seen there (and have seen in other venues as well) all complained that they couldn't get the sound right on their monitors or in the house. To me, that's a major turn off, if the band isn't happy with their sound, are they going to be very motivated to play? Maybe it's a slighted observation, but it seems that the only bands that return to this venue, are the ones that play music, where the sound quality isn't...let's say "sacrificed or as important" (metal, hardcore, thrasher, hip-hop, whatever you call it). The venue is also hot. I don't read the reviews of others, before I review a location, because I don't want my opinions to be skewed, but I noticed someone said, "don't wear pants," honestly, that's a really good tip. The last show I saw here was in June. I know, it's Phoenix, in the summer, suck it up. But when you exit the venue and it is noticeably and significantly "cooler" than inside the venue, we've got issues, can they not afford to run the a/c? The answer to that question is, maybe not. The bar is understaffed, and patrons seem to be lined up 3+ deep, all around. Sometimes you've got to spend money to make money. Hire more bartenders, customers get served faster, thus allowing them more time to consume the beverage and purchase more. That means you can sell more, which means you will make more money! What a concept. Hate to just destroy a business, but hopefully they will heed the feedback constructively. Until then, remember: if you've always wanted to hear the artist you are going to see in a low-fi format, here's your chance, if you have always wanted to forgo wearing those pantaloons, I support you, and finally, you should craft a clever way to hide a flask, since you won't get served, although this might be difficult sans bottoms.
1	Horrid. I will occasionally determine whether I will attend a show based whether my love for the band outweighs my disdain for the Clubhouse. Some key points, in no particular order: staggeringly hot--I left the Walkmen show early because I thought I was going to pass out. (When the band onstage complains that it's hot, they're probably not just making conversation...) Horrible sound, especially if you are forced to stand in front of the speakers, which is hard to avoid. Bathrooms? Stifling, inadequate and revolting. Beer sign that shines into the crowd and distracts from the acts on stage? Annoying. Random discarded yard sale items stored in the bar area? Really? Ever heard of a storage room? The fact that you have to stand by the sticky-floored bar area far away from the stage if you're drinking? Ridiculous. Why do bands play here? One of the great mysteries of the universe. Especially when there are places like the Rhythm Room nearby. The only positive thing I have to say is the guys they have staffed at the front door are always friendly.Added bonus: hope you enjoy taking your friend to the impound lot (it's across the street from Tempe Marketplace) because more than one of my friends has been towed from this lot before. So, if there's a sign warning you will be towed over the space you're parking in, believe it.
1	I rescind my 2-star vote and wish I could give them negative stars.  It is clear this is just a room designed to do one thing: make the promoters and owners money.Wise up people.  A venue that doesn't have working AC in AZ isn't worth your couch cushion pennies.  When a credit/debit card is a chore at the bar, take your plastic elsewhere.  When the band themselves complain, you are in THE WRONG VENUE.If you're a touring musician reading this, contact your promoter and ask to be rebooked elsewhere.  This place is a joke and it's embarrassing to the local music scene.Don't settle for this Arizona.  We can do better.
4	Went here last night to see a few different bands and was excited because it's always fun to go to a small venue like this.  The doors were supposed to open at 6:00, my friends and I got there at around 6:30 and there were still people waiting in line but it wasn't a big deal because since it was a Monster Energy Drink Tour they were handing out free Monsters.  The bouncers were friendly (and a lot of them were HOT!) as were the bartenders.The bathroom situation isn't the greatest, only one stall in the girls bathroom so if you're going to use it, pee fast because there's going to be someone waiting behind you.  The whole atmosphere was very down to earth and laid back.  It was easy to have fun listening to great music.  After each band played there were tables set up where you could talk to them and get autographs which was awesome.  Most of the bands were super friendly and a lot more down to earth than you would expect.  I'll be back in March for the next concert I'm going to see here!
5	had sooo many fun times here!! lots of great local bands, met sum great people and the staff was always super friendly. always organized. im going again wed. i loove this venue!
4	I like this little club. It appears to be a small club in a strip mall next to the Horse & Hound, but inside it is very spacious. The club brings in a good mix of local artists and larger known performers. I saw KRS-One here in 2009 and Slick Rick here yesterday. Security is smooth - I typically pre-purchase my tickets and have no trouble getting in the building quickly. Both times I have been the show was pushed back an hour, but once it started it was great. It gives the local acts a chance to get their name out there. Yesterday I didn't purchase alcohol (I pre-limed elsewhere), but I bought an energy drink. Actually I bought two because there is a $10 limit on charge cards and the drink was $4. A couple of bartenders there to keep it moving. The sound is good, but the thing I like most is that while it is overall very roomy, it is also a venue where you can get up close to the performers.  I would recommend seeing a show here. Most are about $20 and tickets are easily purchased online. They have a web site, but the videos and photos show they are not always updated. I think if they had an improved web site that included recent pics, videos and upcoming schedule, it would be great. There is a calendar of events, but it could be improved.
4	I have a love/hate relationship with The Clubhouse. I LOVE the fact that the majority of my favorite bands play here, however I HATE the fact that it is completely unbearable in there during the summer. I went to see some friends play a show last night and even though it isn't quite summer yet, it was still extremely humid and hot in there. Understandable, though, because the show was completely sold out. The alcohol selection is pretty good, it's funny to see people drinking the fancier beers there. It's pretty spacious, but I feel like it would be even better if the bar weren't smack-dab in the middle of the floor.
2	saw pinback there and will be returning in may to see man man. the floors were sticky, there's only one toliet in the bathroom, there was an odor that almost made a friend of mine physically ill and they have a fair beer selection with not so great prices. it's really a typical music venue- nothing great, though they do seem to get decent bands
4	One of my favorite local clubs to see a live band. Good size stage, decent sound and lighting, good place to see up-and-coming acts, and occasionally a touring national act.  Has sort of an underground feel to it.  Saw Comfort for Change play there last Saturday - they rocked the house and gave headliners Alien Ant Farm something to think about.
1	I went here for a Comfort for Change and AAF concert a couple of weeks ago. I really didnt like the venue. I was really disappointed that they allowed moshing. I think its fine normally if its in a defined area. However the bruises on my legs are just now fading from the kicking and punching I received while trying to avoid the mosh pit. The security was very lax and was not there to protect anyone, especially people who were not moshing. Its hard to enjoy a concert if you are so busy trying not to get stepped on or shoved. I will not be going back here!!!P.S. bathrooms were not well maintained and were very dirty.
2	I will only come here if the band playing is someone I REAAAAALLLY wanna see. Its way to hot in there, not too impressed with staff..bar or door... and any place that has drive buys when hip hop shows are booked...not a huge fan
3	I like the fact that there's no bad place to sated and seed the band,,alot of good musicians come threw there,its usually hot and stick floors in there w drinks that are priced fair,the horse and hound is next door for really cheap drinks.its club house,what do you expect
3	I'm not a huge club fan so I will say I probably won't give the best review.  Here it goes.  It's to damn DARK in this, walls, floor, doors, bar and stage all painted black.  Must of been a sale at Home Depot on black paint.  They also have nothing to deflect sound so the sound bounces off the bare black walls.  Unpleasant experience, except for a couple of years ago I worked for Taco Bell and their food truck sat in front and we passed out free food... now that was fun.  :-)  BTW, I don't work for taco bell so don't try and hit me up for free food.
5	I agree with one reviewer with the fact of matter is that venues like this are a dying breed these days.  Tempe was full of small venues years ago, and it was awesome to have lots of touring and local bands weekly.Easy to get close to stage, quick to get drinks and large enough to not feel crowded.  Who gives a %#@# if the walls are not lovely.  Go to old town scottsdale if you want glitz and glamor.  Or stop being a whussy and go enjoy the show.Be glad that this venue still exists for now, because when it is gone...you will be sorry.
