5	Scottsdale/Phoenix' Apple Store ... great selection ... great help ... dreedful Apple prices (but you get what you pay for I guess) ... Via La Apple!
5	and here it was that my very 1st ipod was born1 pound, 5 oz., 1.6 incheswhat a cutie!
3	Apple Store. It has excellent product sure, but the assosiates are just dumb. They are also very snooty even though they have to wear a bland outfit every workday and essentially have nothing to be snooty about. Maybe its because they sorta have their jobs that they act that way. Ayway anythime I go in here they are always unknowledgable and unfriendly.
5	I love Macs. Fuck PCs (even though I own one).The employees are a bit off-center, but when they actually come up to you and think you're hot, they're nice.Happened to me the other day.True story.
4	I purchased my laptop from there a couple years ago.  I did my research ahead of time, so I knew exactly what I wanted.  They were very helpful in assisting me in getting my student discount.  I was caught a little off guard though, because with my receipt I was offered a job.  Maybe they were short of knowledgeable employees at the time?  Or were just relieved by a customer who didn't have 50 questions prepared.  I politely declined...
4	Apple has a way of being unconventionally cool that borders on tragically hip. Case in point, every time I go, I get sucked in for way longer than I'm supposed to be there. On top of that, the Apple brand's surge in popularity since the release of the first generation iPod (which is still what I'm rocking, by the way. Battery Life - 2 minutes, 14 seconds) makes it nearly impossible to get in and get out with whatever it is you need in the amount of time you probably allotted. The geniuses at the genius bar are helpful but wait time is usually well over twenty minutes. The one in the Biltmore is not quite as cool as the one in NYC, but it's still pretty BA (sorry for using harsh letters).
4	the kids who work here are always good looking AND nice, a rare and appreciated combination.i steer clear two months before and two months after christmas, the line is too much. i did happen to go mid december to pick up a new ipod since mine was stolen (and by stolen i mean i got drunk and lost it) and they were churning them out like donuts. pre-packaged and ready to go, the guy-in-girls-pants who helped me could have checked me out using a hand-held credit card runner right then and there, but i was foolishly using antiquated cash payment method. do'h!
2	Dear Apple, what happened to your great customer service? I seriously dread going into your stores for anything now. Any questions I ask the sales people are generally met with vague fluff. And when I had to order a replacement panel for my iMac ("cosmetic repairs aren't covered by AppleCare, sorry") they told me it was a $25 part - oh, but then there's the $80 special order fee... what a ripoff. MacMedia (independent Apple dealers here in town) ordered me the panel and didn't charge me anything extra. The Genius Bar CAN BE handy for when you've got a real doozy of a problem (otherwise, you're better off calling AppleCare), but the  'computer concierge' system they have now is just frustrating. I'm ordering a new iMac soon and I'll be doing it through apple.com so I don't have to deal with the herds of MySpace-surfing teenagers at the Apple store. And if it needs service, I'll be taking it to MacMedia.
2	I love my Macbook Pro.. I love my iPhone.. I love my iPod.. I love almost everything Apple except the stores.. I'm sorry but this place isnt much better then Best Buy.. a bunch of think-they-know-it-all teenagers running the front of the store. Hubby washed his iPhone and needed to get a replacement.. seems reasonable right? Well some kid in the front was trying to make us an appt through a mac in the front.. ya know walking back to the genius bar seems to me to be so much easier.. He finally told us that their weren't any appts left and we would have to come back.. oh my inner b*tch came out full force, she, I mean he didn't know what hit him.. we were at the Genius Bar in moments.. they replaced the iPhone ($200) which was very cool but a real hassle getting there in the first place. Take deep calming breathes when you visit this store.
2	This store is too busy. Don't get me wrong, I love my Mac more than anything but the service at this store is god-awful. Luckily before purchasing my Mac I researched until I knew exactly what I wanted. I seemed to know more than the associate that helped me! Purchasing it was more of an awkward affair - I couldn't wait to get out of there. Also, it's always almost impossible to get into the Genius Bar. My iPod malfunctioned sometime earlier this year and after waiting in the store for 45 minutes to be seen, I was only informed that the damages were more in depth than they thought and I would need to schedule an appointment. It's just an iPod, people! The experience itself was more than frustrating. I stick with Amazon on this one.
4	I have always had great service at this store. Everyone has always been really friendly and I have had only great experiences.Yes it is usually busy and really crowded, but you can make appointments on line by looking up the store on the internet and making a reservation.They have lots of computers, laptops, iPods, gizmos and gadgets to check out and play with. The sales staff is really knowledgeable, friendly and helpful.Granted I have only gone in here for repairs and to browse. I make my purchases from apple or online, it is a helluva lot cheaper. The sales staff was nice enough to point me in the right direction for service from Mac Media or purchases online.Go check it out and enjoy.
5	What great service!  I walked into the store and was immediately greeted.  I was looking for accessories for my ipod 160gb to hook up to my surround sound.  Not knowing what I needed to purchase, I was promptly attended to and the store associate was helpful.  I had no idea that you are able to do so much with the ipod!!  So after getting cables and a docking station...I walked out of there $110 later! But what was great was that I didn't need to wait online to check out.  I was able to check out with the associate!  I love modern technology (when it works )
1	how can I get my iPod fixed?  these little snots won't wait on me.  I have to go online to make an appointment, even though I went to the store. They only take appointments for two days ahead, but you have to go on line to do it--- WTF?  You have to make it online? And why are they dressed like little Steven Jobs clones?
2	Only the Biltmore Apple Store can make the typical shopper (me) feel like a total douche just by walking inside of it to be exposed to the cultish behaviors of Apple fanboys and girls.  This must be, like, the Ganges of Apple secularism.  One might introspect, "Is this me?"No.  Its okay.  You certainly aren't one of the tools extolling Steve Jobs father's testicles for blessing the planet with the Divinity who created the most streamlined electronic products ever exalted on God's green Ge.  But look around, and this is what you will see at this particular locus.Interacting with the sales associates, these coal-shirted devotees, is what I imagine Muhammad faced when he met his 72 virgins in heaven.  These virgins, however, are massively haughty and generally useless. In order for one of them to grace your presence and acknowledge your need for assistance, one must either 1) act like you're walking out of their store with one of their pretentious product under your shirt, or 2) make an appointment with their "Genius Bar".F me running.  What a crappy state of affairs customer service is at this place. Let me get this straight, I cannot get anyone to help sell me overpriced, buggy Apple products unless I had the foresight to book their arses a week before?  Moreover, should the frequently occurring Apple jinx strike my iPod, its gonna take an appointment to tell me that you cannot fix it because you are not, IN FACT, a genius, but a $10 an hour fandork of Apple products and you wanted the 5% employee discount?The 2 times that I've had problems with my iPod (i know, what a shocker!), they've just suggested that I reformat, thus erasing all of my files and losing playlists, et al.  Thanks genius.  Thanks for keeping up the good fight vs Microsoft, dweeb.And thanks for allowing me to check out -- not at the cashwrap, but right here, where we stand -- amongst the packed section of iPhones, where people are dorking out to these things.  I appreciate the dapper service, even though I'm plopping down the loot for two 'pods (which will inevitably be returned for two new ones in a few short months after I stump the geniuses over at the bar).  Now, I'm just blue-skying here, but how about you treat me like an actual human customer instead of an ATM machine, given that I've purchased 6 or so Apple products within the past 4 years?   I hate that Apple has been crushing the portable music market for several years now because their outposts for customer service are absolutely abysmal.
1	For a long time when my mate and I walked past the store he would mention he would like an IPOD. So being the perfect mate I bought him one for his birthday. He opens it and said, why did you buy this I would never use it. I will spare you the rest of the conversation. So I go back to the store with the product in hand. I tell them I want to return this, I tell them why. They seem totally dumbfounded and find it very hard to accept that I indeed did not want the product. SO they ask a million question all assuming I did something to the product and rendered it unusable. Any fool can see it never came out of the box. So I repeat why I am returning it. Finally they say ok and tell me there is a restocking fee. I say OK as I had read the receipt. He said wait a minute. So I wait and he returns with what I assume is the manager. He starts his bull crap and literally yells at me about the fee and said I am going to have to pay it. I respond that yes I know of the fee as I told Him, point at the other employee. I have no problem with that, never did, never said I did. They finally took it and credited my card minus the fee all while they snarled at me. I guess I will never find out if I like Apple products as nothing on Gods green earth will ever induce me to buy from such imbecilic company.
3	Steve Jobs is an evil genius! I mean, can we all agree to that? This Apple Store is *always* busy. I stopped in last year to pick up iPod essentials - wall adapter for the USB cable, a audio deck adapter so I can listen in my old car, and new headphones, since mine broke. I shelled out nearly $100 for those 3 things. Evil Genius, anyone? This place is also swarming with associates, so if you have a question or need to find an item, it's easy to ask. I'm just not sure I'd trust the advice of an 18 y/o when buying a Macbook. One thing I did notice was that they were hosting free iPhone classes - especially since this was shortly after its wondrous debut. At the very least, I thought that was cool.
5	I've had only one experience in this Apple Store. Or any apple store for that matter. I mean, people buy computer products from stores still?The only reason I could see coming here is to have some Apple product fixed, which has also only happened to me once. I mean my iPods have had their series of strange fits, including my new iPod always crashing for some reason whenever it plays an ELO song. I can't decide if it hates ELO or if its prog-rock power completely blows its mind.But I digress. My powerbook indeed did have a real problem when its Hard Drive appeared to flat out die. I go online and see you can make a reservation at the "Genius Bar", which seemed lame but I did it anyway.I show up about 10 minutes before my appointment and one of the Geniuses starts calling out names, but since none of them are there I get to go early. This friendly (and in actuality, pretty smart guy) then spends around 30 minutes with my power book trying to see if he can do anything to get the HD back in working order as well as examining the laptop to see if anything else is wrong with it. He passed down the unfortunate verdict that my HD was deceased and needed to be replaced and that nothing else seemed wrong with my powerbook. He looked up how much it would cost because I didn't have a warranty on the powerbook. (People have warranties on Apple Products?) He came up with a pricey number that I almost considered for a second, but before I could respond he told me that would be dumb to pay. He gave me a card for a Mac store that would be much cheaper. He then also gave me a card to what was according to him the best data recovery store in the city. He then sent me on my merry way completely free of charge.I used to work at a service desk for a Gateway Country back in the day and I would have been fired for telling a customer to go somewhere else for cheaper. Here they seem to encourage it with stacks of business cards at the Genius bar. I also wouldn't/couldn't spend 2 minutes with a customer with a broken computer. Or do anything for free. And even for a fee there was no service there or at most big box stores to work through problems side-by-side with a customer.This experience was a first for me in my history of shopping at a large corporations store. I'm not sure what is going wrong with all the other trips reported here (or why people are buying things at a store), but I was completely dumbfounded at how helpful and free the service is at this store just because I bought a product from their corporation.
5	Friendly, very knowledgeable, and quick service. You are greeted by a smiling face when you walk in the door, and it won't be longer than 10 seconds before a rep comes to see if you need guidance. I love it that you can make a purchase without standing in line or going up to the register! They have little traveling register keypad thingys. I stood in the middle of the store in the software aisle while paying for my iMac, very cool! Oh, and he carried it out to my car without me asking for help. :)
4	What an amazing place, Speed, the Apple Geniuses have hand held credit card swiping machine.  The employees are more than helpful and knowledgeable.  Apple is becoming stronger in many ways and the stores reflect a great product and now Apple is perfecting great service.  The only thing this place is missing is a drive through window.Long lines this place is becoming like 6 flags, I remember when it was the smart people that only used Apple products.  I have a Mac book pro, been to the Mac store twice for questions not problems.  6 years running laptop, don't see any PC's doing this.
1	Not happy at all. My son bought his second Ipod a year ago. The first broke, and when we took it to the apple store, they said "tough luck." So, I told my son to make sure to take really good care of the new one. He did. For no reason, it stopped working. We sent it to be repaired and got it back saying "water damage." No way. So we went to the store and told them about it. The floor guy said to wait and he'd have a "genius" look at it. He came back and said "no water damage. Make an appt for tonight and they'll fix it." Went back, saw a "genius" and told him the story. Without looking at it, he said must be water damage. We said impossible. He said well, this square hole will be red if it's water damage...yup, water damage. I took the flashlight from his hand and looked. It was white. I know red from white, and this was white. Oh, he said, I meant that there's a little red line. No red line. Oh, I meant that there's a red corner. No red corner. He shows it to someone who glances and says yup, red. This is nuts. Talk about spitting in your face and saying it's raining. They insist it's red and there's water damage and won't look into why this well taken care of ipod won't work. Son not allowed to buy another one. MP3 next.
5	So my iPhone went haywire this afternoon. The little 'slide to unlock' button - it wouldn't slide. Calls and texts were coming in, but I couldn't get to 'em. Now, I'm not saying I dropped it shortly before it went haywire - because that might have voided the warranty, and besides, it could have gone haywire without being dropped - but I'm not saying I didn't either, if you know what I mean. Well, since I couldn't exactly call for help, I went online and made an appointment for the genius bar. This was around 3pm, I guess. Earliest appointment was for 7:20. I showed up at 7:10, checked in, got called at 7:15. Walked out of the the store with a brand new iPhone at 7:25. A brand new iPhone in 15 minutes! So all those little nicks and scratches that have been piling up for the last year (maybe from being dropped, maybe not) - gone. That pocket lint I've been trying like hell to get out of the little speaker holes - gone.This isn't the first time I've been to the genius bar at an Apple Store - I've had iPod and MacBook issues as well over the years - and every time, every single time, it's the same experience, whatever the store. The employees are friendly and courteous - the guy tonight - Matt, introduced himself, shook my hand, told me he'd be solving my problem tonight. And he did - quickly and efficiently. Thanks, bro.
1	Oh, how I dislike this store.  What does a girl have to do to get someone to find her a macbook battery?  Seriously.  How many people do I have to ask.  And, then, finally someone goes to look, only to come back saying that they don't have any.  The mac store has no macbook batteries?
3	I'm a huge Apple fan. Been a user and fanboy since 1986 and I use to work at this very location.But it's gone downhill. Whether it's the popularity of Apple products or just the massive amounts of questions to be answered, the employees aren't as knowledgeable as they used to be.Did you know that a faster processor would help once my hard drive became close to full? No? Yeah, neither did I, but the retard who sold me my last computer did.That being said I love the Geniuses. Those guys are genuinely helpful and somehow usually in a good mood, shocking considering all the crap they must put up with.Apple, starting hiring more competent salespeople!
2	I think a clinically retarded person designed the layout of this store.I stopped in a few days ago and was pleasantly surprised to see the registers were not at the front door anymore.  I hated that my first impression was a line of people.  So no more lines at the front.  Nice.  Now you have open space.  I love that.  Maybe the idiot that did the initial design has moved on.But wait, I need to pay for my item.  Where are the registers?  They are mysteriously nonexistent.  I had to ask the guy guarding the front door where to pay.  He has to lead me to the back of the store and find an available employee-I guess one who is authorized to handle money??  First, they want to know how I'm planning to pay.  I don't know where I would have been led had I said "cash," a back alley maybe.  But since it was a credit card, I was led to another location where my transaction could be processed from a portable machine.  Okay, that's cool, but how exactly do you cue customers with this system?  If someone is already helping you, great.  But if not, good luck finding someone to take your money.  This is a recipe for chaos, and buying on-line just became that much more attractive.
5	The staff was extremely helpful when I had troubles with my iPhone. The store is crazy-busy and they made sure my time mattered. I felt like my business was important to them.
5	I really love this store and the computers, iPods, iPhones, as well as the accessories that I have purchased for them at this location. The staff is extremely personable and helpful when they aren't tied up with others. The only gripe that I have is that sometimes the store, especially on weekends or nights, can be a zoo and all associates are often tied up. Bonus that I only need to hand them my credit card, with no other information, and I'm out the door with my receipt emailed to me.
5	Do not go around lunch time, it is far to busy, and you'll have to push your way in to the store.  Otherwise, a nice little store, where I got my MacBook, and where I can look at the different Apple products for a while just browsing.  The staff there are friendly and very knowledgeable.  Every time I go the Biltmore, I have to stop in and check out the Macs.  Now the employees have hi tech hand help registers for check out to make things easier.  Theres even a kid table with Macs lined around the table with games on them.  I find it hard for me to stop myself from drooling over the Macs, iPods, iPhones and software. There classes for new Apple product users are great.
4	I had not planned on being a Mac owner.  My family - oh so very sick of me constantly complaining of Vista -  on first an HP, then a Dell, packed me off to the Apple store a month ago and well, now I have a MacBook.  The sales associate helping me pick out the perfect Mac was good enough, even with two perfectly good (except for the Vista) PCs at home, to convince me I needed this computer.Do I love it? Not yet.  I like it, like it a lot.  I'm especially loving not having Vista issues that I had been having.  I'm enjoying taking the one on one classes  to teach me how to use my Mac.  Each time I take a class - I've had 4 now, I have a different teacher and each one bringing a different spin to my classes.  They are nice, friendly, patient, highly knowledgeable.  They are teaching me so many cool features and applications that I can do on my Mac.  My fave so far is the translator.  I do some business in Mexico - my Spanish is limited - so in just one short month the translator has just been a god send.The store here at the Biltmore is consistently packed with people, visiting the genius bar, taking group classes or the one on one class and making expensive purchases. I am amazed in this economy just how very busy the store is.  I'm not totally convinced a Mac is the only way to go (almost though) but this store has some of the best customer service I've ever experienced.
1	THE RULES:1. To buy or be helped with anything, you must check in with an "orange shirt" - this person has the clipboard and will write your name down with the reason for your visit. 2a. If you have questions or want to buy something, you must then wait for a "blue shirt" to come help you - expect at least a 5 minute wait2b. If you've made an appointment for the "genius" bar, you must wait in back for your name to be YELLED out by a "genius" in a black shirt - expect at least a 15 minute wait (If you haven't made an appointment for the "genius" bar, you'll probably just get laughed at)3. If you want to purchase an item, a "blue shirt" will check you out with their hand-held device, when available. (There is only one "register," a computer pos system located at the "genius" bar, but it's use is "not encouraged.") If you bring cash or want a bag, expect a longer check out because those are kept somewhere else, of course. Receipts can be emailed to you, printed out, or both.I wish I would've known these things before my last visit - I would've gone elsewhere or just gone online. Can't tell you how much I hated the experience. I guess the setup is good if you're someone who needs a lot of assistance, but for someone with a simple purchase or quick question, the hassles and hoops of this store isn't worth the inconvenience.
4	I had to take my sick iMac to the Apple store the other day. I made an appointment, and luckily, due to the awesome parking situation at the Biltmore, I was late. I checked into the store and was told my appointment was canceled, due to my tardiness. I was placed into the "pool", where I had to wait for a moment between customers with appointments. I was called about 6 minutes later, where I met a soft spoken Genius named Johnathan. He warmly greeted me and shook my hand. He asked me what kind of issues I was having and began to diagnose it. Unfortunately, my computer was no bueno, and he alerted me that the hard drive needed to be replaced. He also let me know that he could do it for $350, but he gave me a card for a certified repairman across the street who could do it for less. I thought that was cool. He warmly wished me a great day, and apologized for my crappy luck. The store is a bit chaotic. but I think with the right employees, that chaos can be kept in check. I'll be back should I need anything else.
5	so we bought a new 24 in LED display online and it arrived. everything great, waited a week or two for the new MacBookPro to arrive before we could fire it up. (mini DVI, duh whats that right? lol)so boom it fires up for the first time and i see it. a black triangle of burned out LEDs WHOA!!! no fun. panic was released and calm restored. it's 2 weeks old, i'll take it to an Apple store for a replacement.so Saturday morning i made an appointment at the Genius bar to have them look at it, and hopefully say, "We'll just replace it for you"....well after an interesting turn of events on the light rail, i showed up late, only 15 minutes. but my reservation was already voided..my fault. no biggie.i tell the guy at the genius bar check in what the deal is and he says, we can put you back in the queue and one of the genius can look at it.i said "is there a way we can just get an exchange, i don't really want to hear that it would need to be shipped off to wherever to be fixed" he said sure, but they might have the parts there to fix it, and that the online stock and the in-store stock are different, so he might not be able to exchange but would go check into it....15 minutes later he walked out of the room behind the genius bar with another monitor. i walked over to the exclusive register since they switched over to the mobile point of sales set up. after a couple bar code scans i was walking out the store with a new monitor. a new monitor without burned out LEDs that is. i was happy.as far as the maddening POS system they have, i give it 3.5 starsi get the concept and that it should speed up sales, but when your ignorant to who has one of the hand held devices or don't even know thats how you check out. you can be seriously put off by the whole process. but now that i know. i have no issues with it. who really needs a bag anyways.
5	I have been to the Apple store 2x for warranty service... Once for a power supply, another time for a new battery. The Apple Geniuses are friendly, helpful, and fun to interact with. The layout is neat, clean, and efficient. Overall they do a great job of using their retail space to communicate what it's like to use their products.
5	Apple/Mac RULES!!.....PCs are BOAT ANCHORS!!These stores are great. I love the layout and ease of use. I've owned ipods, iphone, Macbook pros, Imacs, etc. Any problems I ever encounter with their products are always taken care of with genius bar appointments!! Also, I always buy Applecare. It is worth the extra money when you need it. Although lately... I must say I am currently having a sleep problem (not disabled) with my macbook pro that they aren't able to pinpoint just yet. Hopefully, they will soon get it fixed. It's under Applecare for another year so I am not that concerned. Apple has never let me down. I am not an Apple schill. I just give credit where credit is due.
2	I hate all Apple Stores.  They are all the same.  Yes, I use a PC and would never use a Mac for anything, but I do love my iPod(s).  This location is pretty high up there in terms of irritability.  There's always some strange, huge cluster of people congesting the back of the store along with the prerequisite losers who come here to surf the internet.  The employees here drive me nuts.  They are either completely lazy or obnoxiously pushy with their "genius" title.  I refuse to call them that and find it embarrassing when one of these so-called "geniuses" knows less about the product than I do.  Aside from that, I also can't stand their new check-out procedure where I have to find an employee and get them to take my card and then proceed to take 10 minutes just to make the transaction.  The only Apple store I didn't try to kill anyone in has been the one at San Tan Village.  They're a little less douchey there.  Ugh!  Only go if you have to.
5	Although my review of some years ago was not very good, Apple has seriously kicked up the customer service.  There has never been a time that I've not had the Genius Bar solve the problem.  Kudos to Apple!
2	Don't they read their Yelp reviews? I too had trouble getting waited on last weekend and this isn't the first time. The place was exactly as described by Bri..and after wading through the net surfers and congestion I finally managed to snag a 15 year-old sales person...only to find out by her frustrated response that her color T-shirt does not do sales, it means she is some type of tech support (oooo - haughty - am I supposed to bow?) and I need to find someone in the orange, or lime or tangerine or whatever T-shirt. So I find Orange T-shirt who proceeds to reprimand me for having the audacity to want to buy an iphone without standing in the iphone line (what line? I see no line. That's why I stopped in today, not last week, because today there is no line). Stopped short by my pointing out the line does not exist, Orange T then quizzes me about doing my pre-authorization...I haven't done it yet? Well, I'm welcome to sit in the store and enter my personal data amongst all the hovering net surfer losers. Time to make my escape, call ATT and have the darn thing ordered over the phone in less time than I spent navigating the color coded T-shirt brigade at the iStore. Whew.
5	I walked into Apple this last weekend with my MacBook clutched to my body in fear and worry. What began the night before as a ominous, frightening clicking inside of my laptop, progressed the next morning into nothing but a flashing folder with a question mark on it. I was greeted instantly and was cheerily asked what I had come into the store for. I frantically explained what was going on with my MacBook, and I could tell by the fallen face of the greeter that my inclinations were unfortunately right on the money. He set up an appointment for me with a Genius for 30 minutes in the future- during which time I finally got around to looking at those pesky external hard drives! (Too little too late I fear)I came back and only had to wait a few minutes to be helped by my assigned Genius. My story garnered the same reaction as the concierge, and all was confirmed when Genius couldn't even detect the existence of my hard drive. Everything and anything was gone and I was completely devastated. Genius was extremely sympathetic and assured me that my AppleCare would cover the hard drive and that he could take care of it and I would be all set back up within 20 minutes. As I waited, I wandered around the store and was asked a few more times if I needed any assistance by several friendly associates. When I went back to check the status, I mentioned that my trackpad had been wearing down after years of use, and how I would go about replacing it. Genius said, no prob, that he had it in stock and would swap it out. What I didn't realize was it was one part so I also got a new keyboard in the mix, so that was pretty sweet. Now, I think Genius felt sorry for me to be honest. I'm not sure, but I really don't think the keyboard part, nor the battery are covered under AppleCare in normal circumstances, but that day apparently they were. So I walked out of Apple with a practically new MacBook, finally that damn external hard drive, but no evidence of the last 3 years of my life. It was a super crappy day, but it could have been a lot worse. Thanks to Genius Alan and AppleCare, I was at least able to have a silver lining to the dark cumulonimbus hovering over my head.When life hands you lemons, you make lemonade. If it gives you a rotten Apple- head to the Genius bar.
2	i use an Applea mac every daythey say, keeps the virusdoctor awayi love their laptops alu alloy casebought my first apple IIback in seventy-eightcame in for a macbookpassed on mac airwhen the super cool geniusinside of theircompany storebiltmore, a zfinally, got aroundto waiting on mehe started in with hisi'm cooler than you"dude, I work at apple"smug attitudebig whoop, big fellaseriously, why?steve jobs started appleyour job's,  jobs'  sales guyin your skinny jeansthe prereq hip glassesand your little lanyardyou're fanboy, mactasticso don't condescendbelieve it or noti came in here knowingexactly what I wantso go fetch me my macbookcanon wireless printertime capsule back upthe jbl speakersthat's it, run alongshoo, bye, off you gotake your disheveled hairand red t-shirt in towi'm the easiest saleyou'll make here all weekI hardly let the Apple geek, speakjust gave him my amexhere, swipe my cardpulled round the  backand they loaded my carso the lesson, I guessis know what ya wantor prepare for the hourlycultist to flaunttheir apple too-cool-aidup and down your faceyou'll hardly feel worthythat they let you graceyourself with their presenceit's slightly obscenebut the reality isand I hate to be meanwhen it's all said and doneat the end of the dayyou're a dork selling iPodsget it? got it? okay.
1	The concept of the store is great, but horribly inefficient.  There are 6-10 employees there and not a single one of them could take MY MONEY!  I just wanted to buy a car charger and get out of the store.  Unfortunately, all associates were tied up.  I ended up throwing my purchase onto the table and walking out.Here's a link to avoid the frustration:http://store.apple.com/us?cid=OAS-US-DOMAINS-applestore.com
3	I gave in and got the iPhone almost a month ago... and I love it for the most part.  I even had a pretty good experience when I purchased it at the Scottsdale (Kierland area) Apple store.  I'm realizing now that i forgot to yelp about that... oh well!The reason I had to go to the Biltmore Apple Store was because after two weeks of using my new phone, I realized my speaker phone, my ringer, my alarm, (basically everything audio on my phone) was not working.  And my phone was not holding a charge very long either.  I took it in today only to realize you cannot just "take it in" to meet with someone in service - you need an appointment!  Ugh!Lucky for me, I only had to wait about an hour and a half to get that appointment... so Jared and I walked around the Biltmore Fashion Park wasting time until my appointment.  And then guess what happened?  I walked in for my appointment and I was told that I needed to make sure that my iPhone was backed up to my computer or I would lose everything!  And why they couldn't tell me that in the first place, i have no clue...So I made another appointment for two hours later and I went home and backed up my phone... and then I went back for my appointment and waited and waited.  And then I met with someone who passed me to someone else and finally they took care of me.  I actually scored myself a new phone that works this time.  So, after spending a good chunk of my Saturday with several "geniuses" at the Apple store, I'm thankful to have a working phone... I just hope I don't have to spend much time there in the future.
3	I'm currently using one of the Apple Store's display laptops typing this review.  And, even though I made an appointment a day in advance I've still been waiting half an hour to meet my genius!  So, let's get right into it because there's no telling how much longer I'll be waiting...This location has always been my home Apple store, but in the past few years I've visited other locations.  This one in particular ranks low on the customer service and store layout scales.  It seems that the ratio of blue shirted Apple employees to customers is 1:1. Yet, I still see quite a few wanderers presumably seeking Apple help and more than half of the Geniuses and their coworkers are on their iPad, Phone, or Pods.This store needs a baby intervention...I'm still waiting, hence the 3 estrellas.
5	BEST STAFF EVER!  Ask for Ariel for one-to-one training. He especially good at Adobe Creative Suite instruction. Do yourself a favor and try not to come in on a Saturday. Any other day of the week the store is fun to be at, but Saturdays are very busy.
4	I practice Polytheism...the belief in and worship of many gods.I know, I know it's controversial...perhaps even pagan...but there it is.I think all of our little silicon, electron driven overlords require much of us, and we ignore that call for service at our own peril.While some of us fall down prostate and gesticulate in the direction of Redmond, Wa., twice a day, others make the annual pilgrimage to the holy city of Cupertino and pray for a new revelation from the almighty "Jobs".Other's speak in strange tongues..."ubuntu", "fedora", "GNOME" , "APK/SDK" and much more.I take no chances...I worship them all (which is pretty entertaining when you see me in Silicon Valley, trying to hide my flopping and pointing towards Redmond while chanting "Linux" over and over and over).As an acolyte of these many religions , I build and present many offerings to these tiny silicon deities (known to the congregation as "apps") for these devices to digest and use in the furtherance of their unknowable agenda!My latest offering to the gods was to purchase a couple of the precious amulets known as "iPad"!These quartz and precious metal artifacts are the latest "dream catchers" to come flying out of the holy scepter of the great and powerful "Apple" and they are well worth your time and effort to get to know!I assume that you are reading this on the "InterWebs" (unless you are like one of my older clients...not one of the brethren...he has his assistant "print"...on "paper" anything that she thinks might interest him...such a wonderful throw back to Jonathan Swift and his delightful flappers) and if you are, then these religious artifacts...these "iPad's", are where the world is going...at least right now.So I made my offerings (thanks goodness they don't require a human sacrifice to get one of these things...although I do have a few candidates for such sacrifice if it ever becomes necessary) and became the possessor of a couple of these holy objects.The Church of Apple at the Biltmore made this whole process very easy and I have to say that Judy, one of Apple's vestal virgins (OK, I have no way of knowing if she's a virgin... I just take it on faith) is one of the best of Apples priestesses...known as "geniuses"...she was friendly, capable and loving, in her way.She sweetly and quickly initiated me into the ways of the iPad...no muss, and a minimum of fuss!And while these aren't the first Apple icon's that I've possessed, they are the very best and most precious.But as soon as mighty Google produces an artifact like "iPad", I know I will need to make similar offerings to the twin demi-gods known as "Larry" and "Sergei", in order that they may purchase divine fuel for the holy 767, the better to advance their cause of "indoctrinating" every attractive co-ed at Stanford (best pick-up line ever - "hey, wanna go for a ride in my jet")...truly, holy work!BTW, the mighty Google frightens me the most of all the gods I worship...if they can't index your information, you just might cease to exist.http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/google_ceo_suggests_you_change_your_name_to_escape.php
1	I've visited this location numerous times. While I understand you need an appointment to get any help at an apple store, this place is always mayhem. The staff member that assigins you an apple member is most likely told to lie to you in order to keep you waiting as long as possible - before you completely lose your patience.I got to the store at 10am on the dot expecting to simply buy an iPhone 4 and get on my way. The place wasn't busy at all, and I had no questions. Just charge my card $395 for the phone and mobile me, take my info and i'm gone, right? Not so fast.I walked out at 10:45. They said they would help me right away, and I stood waiting 25 minutes until I could be helped. Three times I was told "someone will be right with you". The last guy that helped me was nice ,but that didn't makeup for the experience.It's sad apple is such a profitable business with such awful, understaffed customer service. If there was another option out there that was comparable, it would be a no brainer to switch.
4	I can't help it. I think Mac Geniuses are so hot. Knowing they are there to help me figure out any problems I may have with my computer for FREE is one of my favorite things about being an Apple user. Seriously, who needs a manual?I mostly use this store for tech support. Fortunately, I don't have to go too often. It's so easy. You can make an appointment with the genius bar via computer at home. Waltz in 1 minute before your appointment time and get all the help you need from some brainy computer geek a minute later. The store as a retail option is confusing. Who do you talk to for what and when? Though, it's cool that whoever's helping you can ring you up right there in the middle of the sales floor. At least you don't have to go wait in a register line after you've cracked the code! :)
4	The Biltmore Apple Store gets another star thanks to David, the Mac Genius who helped me out / hooked me up yesterday.Now that I know the drill, I made an appointment ahead of time, showed up for it, and was in and out in less than 30 minutes.  Not only that, but I went in with a cracked iPhone face and left with a brand new one.I think it helped that it was my birthday and that I had insurance and that I was nice... but whatever the reason, I'll take it!Again, I hope to stay away from this place for awhile (read: iPhone problems stay away) unless of course I give in and decide to purchase an iPad.  But if I do return, I hope David is my Mac Genius... he was great.  Thanks Apple Store!
4	Love Apple and get a year 1 year training for $100 when you buy a computer. Great deal!A little hard to get appointments set.
5	As usual Apple has taken care of me without a hassle. Two macs, years of happiness.The power module for my MacBook Pro went out 55 days after my AppleCare expired, but they replaced it at no charge.  When I went to the store I did not have a "Genius" appointment, but they did help me out after I told them I didn't live near an Apple store and I was on my lunch break.  Thank you!Once again Apple has proven itself to be an excellent company with great customer service.
4	Usually packed with apple fans. They have lots of people working here. Very helpful down to earth staff. Went in for some dust under my iphone screen. They replaced the phone no questions asked.
4	My iPHONE 4 apparently dislikes being repeatedly dropped on hard surfaces, and as a result, needed some minor surgery at Apple.I made an appointment and went at my scheduled time. The first thing I noticed, was how many employees there are working there. I think there is nearly a 1:1 ratio of staff to customers.I was greeted promptly and then set up with the repair tech. For some reason the part I needed wasn't in stock, which was kind of strange since four days earlier when I made the appointment- they clearly said the back glass would be replaced. I am no business tycoon, but when a customer is coming in to have a piece of glass replaced, I imagine you would want to have the piece of glass in stock-but I could be crazy. Regardless, the employee was friendly, and these things happen. He took my information and I can return again when the part is in.While I was there I decided to try and exchange the Apple 'bumper" for something more substantial. I'm not sure why it's called a bumper, it should be called, "Piece of plastic which costs $30 and does nothing to protect your $300 phone." Perhaps that name is too wordy, so 'bumper' it is.Many places have very difficult return/exchange policies (not my beloved Costco, of course, but lessor beings) and I was prepared for battle, but and when I asked the Apple employee if I could exchange the bumper he initially asked if I still had my packaging. I don't know about you, but if I had the packaging of something I bought four months ago, then I would likely be featured on the show 'Hoarders'. I informed him I didn't have the packaging but due to the bumper not protecting my phone, I wished to exchange it. The employee went to the back and brought back some papers and told me to pick out another case. I grabbed a snazzy little blue number and was on my way. I appreciated Apple for making the exchange when they didn't have to, well done.
4	I do indeed love Apple products. I bought my first Apple computer -- a little iBook -- in 2002 when I began grad school. I bought a 2nd generation iPod, too (it was as heavy as a brick). I'm not going to lie, this commercial sold me on giving Apple a try:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GxC4kKD9qAStill, that doesn't change the fact that the computer successfully carried me through my master's degree. I'd have to check, but I think my diploma was made out to "iBook" rather than "Chad."This particular Apple store is great; not only does it sell amazing products, but I've never had a problem getting a faulty device replaced. I once had an iPhone die on me and they simply handed me a new one. Also, I brought a 3-year-old laptop in hoping for a free fan repair; they couldn't waive that cost, but they did go the extra mile and look into my battery while they were at it, then replace it. Yes, it sounds like I've had a lot of faulty Apple products, but when I think about how many purchases I've made here, I think it's par for the course (especially when I think about my disastrous experiences with Dell and HP).I'm bringing my Macbook Pro into the Apple Store today in the hopes they'll be able to take care of a stuck pixel or two; it's annoying to try to watch a movie with a stationary white spot on the screen, especially when the cost of this computer is the reason I still have no dishwasher in my house!
5	It's a typical Apple Store, therefore five stars. 'Nuff said. Plus it doesn't require you to navigate a massive indoor mall like Chandler.
5	I love this place. I bought my wife a ipad for christmas from here and the sales person was very nice & helpful. In fact every time I have talked to a sales person at this store they have been very informative & helpful. I plan on buying an new imac soon from here.
4	While I didn't buy my first mac here, I definitely frequent this store most to feed my Apple addiction. Luckily my trusty little macbook has never needed a trip yet, nor has an iPod, but most of its accessories and my drooling happens here, which I hope the staff is paid well to clean that up. If not, I'm sorry.I like the way things are laid out at this store, and I like how I can come in with an iPod I received as a gift and trade it in for another one :) What I don't like is how unorganized it is to find an employee to help you unless you have an appt with the geniusii (yes I made that plural up). I thought it sucked that the Sprint store puts people in their queue even to speak with a sales rep, until I went to the Apple store and wished they had the same. For that, you lose a star.
4	This store has greatly improved customer service since my last visit. It's more adult now. Good job!
4	I have been a steady customer of Apple for quite some time.  Whenever I had an issue with my iPhone, they have been more than helpful even to the point of replacing my phone two times even after I have passed my warranty cut off date.  Every sales person I have dealt with has been extremely helpful.
4	I love the Apple Store.  Great products.  Great customer service.  And just an overall cool presentation.I bought just bought my first Mac here.  Great experience.  It was like buying a car without the headaches.  I was shown how to set it up and given a quick tutorial.  No charge.  I can also go to any store, any time, if I have more questions, and I won't have to worry about getting an employee who isn't knowledgeable.This location is not quite as sleek and cool as many of the others.  It's a lot older (I believe this one was the first in the valley) and feels a little more dated than most.  It's also a lot smaller and has a lot less employees.  The good news, there's also a lot less customers inside.  So while it doesn't have the pulse of most Apple stores, it also doesn't feel like a cluster some others do.
4	I must admit that I love Apple products and it is very difficult for me to write a negative review about Apple. Ever since my PC died the day before a major paper was due freshman year, I have been a Mac user, a PC hater, and I scoff at the Windows OS. I have been to this location twice for two different reasons. The first was to buy an iPhone 4 cover and the second time was for an Apple Care/iPhone hardware problem.First time: I waltzed in around 10:15 and headed to the accessories area in the back, after being greeted by a friendly employee. Normal. After a few minutes of debating different cases, I asked for help. I noticed that most of the 1 and 2 star reviews wrote about bad customer service/being ignored, especially when those Yelpers only aimed to buy the less pricey items. I received great treatment. My Apple guy pointed out two cases that met my specifications and suggested the one that was cheaper. Excellent. I was out the door in less than 20 minutes.Second time: My iPhone 4 was on the fritz and I couldn't make or receive calls. Since this was not my first Apple product, I knew to call Apple Care first and talk to someone over the phone, who would then set up an in-person appointment for me whenever I wanted and wherever I wanted. (Tip for new Apple users. The phone people are great and super nice!)Walked into the Biltmore store 5 minutes before my appointed time and ended up waiting for 30 minutes. Ugh. But when Brandon did get to me, he was great. Although he tried to convince me that my problem was software-based and not hardware-based (as the phone Apple Care guy and I determined), he was a total sweetheart when I walked back into the store not 10 minutes after I initially left with a phone still unable to make/receive calls. He got to me right away and switched out my broken phone for a new one. The second time only took 10 minutes and my new phone is great.Two small suggestions for the store:1) Stop scheduling your Genius appointments so close together. You know that some problems take longer to fix than anticipated and that makes all the subsequent appoints late. I like your store, but I don't want to sit around for an extra 30 minutes when I could have just been scheduled later.2) Apple stores need to have the same express pass phrase that the Apple Care phone system has. I know that some Apple users might not understand certain tech things, but I do not want to be told that I have a software problem when I know that I have a hardware problem and I have to return to the store ten minutes later! Give me that pass phrase that lets my Genius person know that I know what I am talking about.
4	Wow! Just left Apple with a new phone and I could not be happier! Such a great experience compared to dealing directly with Verizon. The employees were welcoming and friendly and helped me solve my iPhone problem quickly!
5	These people have gone out of their way to help me make the mac I bought from ASU Surplus functional. They did not charge me for anything they did, including loading a new operating system.  I admit I really started started worrying the fourth trip back as to the hope for this unit. A gwoing  group of the technicians were clustered around my machine all throwing out ideas about how to fix the particular issues.  I respect them for finally saying no one had any idea what more they could do to make it work.I would recommend this particular store for their great service!  They certainly tried for me.
5	So I cracked my iPhone 4 and called Verizon (who I pay an insurance fee to each month) and they told me to try Apple first.  I did and after a short wait the young guy asked me how it broke, how high up it was when it fell (in my hand or off of a building?) and I said it was in my hand.  He clicked around on his device a bit and said "normally we'd charge you $165 but i'll help you out today" and gave me a free brand new iPhone 4.  Plus Grant Hill (Suns player) was in there at the same time. good service!!!
2	This Apple store is smaller than any of the others I've been to. It was also so crowded that there was little room to move or to try out the products. We wanted to test Siri on the iPhone 4S, but there was some kind of info session going on and every single device was occupied for the entire time we visited. This was a bit disappointing. There are three or four Apple stores in the area (Scottsdale, Chandler, for example) and I recommend visiting those ones instead.
5	Picked up my new imac today. Everyone is just super friendly and upbeat. I love good customer service. I did have to wait a bit, but everyone is just so nice I really didn't mind! Plus, I got to chat while I waited with Quinton who was sexy (and he knows it). I'm just sayin'. He carried my computer to my car for me and wished me a very genuine happy christmas. Very pleasant experience with every employee I encountered. I love those nerds!
5	Okay, I admit it, I have an Apple addiction. Having an Apple a day is just not enough for me. I like to have several Apples a day, every day. Yes, I like to go to the store and just hang out, try out their new products and programs and I can't wait to enroll myself and my son in their abundant free workshops. Gosh, I am unabashingly gushing about this place. Apparently I'm not the only one as the place is always busy, from morning to night. Seriously, I'm not kidding. If you need to talk to a genius at the genius bar, make sure you book an appointment online first and either bring a book or some work with you or be prepared to use one of their many available Apples that are for your use to cruise the Internet because these guys are never on time with their appointments. Instead of getting upset, be understanding. Because well, these appointments are hard to time when the client is trying to understand something. I mean, what's worse to have th genius tell you he has to go to the next appointment to keep his schedule or to work with you until your problem is resolved??Just enjoy the vibe of the place while waiting!
5	It's hard to find a better, more efficient customer retail experience than in an Apple Store. You might find an Apple product a little cheaper online but it is so much easier in the store. And it may sound silly but I love getting my receipt emailed to me.
4	I love coming in here! Few months ago finally converted to a Mac! Signed up for a couple Genius lessons and pretty much come in monthly since! Everyone is so helpful and friendly. Love the AppleCare I got with my Mac.Finally got an iPhone, I had ordered from Verizon during the pre-release of 4s and phone arrived the day Apple stores were releasing it. After activation, I went to this location and of course huge line! But one of the employees was walking around the line and I asked if I could just go in to get my accessories, " My new phone needs an outfit"! (case) . Took me right in and hooked me up!! The store in itself is smaller than the one at Scottsdale Quarter but I love coming in here!
5	Went in to get a new charger for my MacBook Pro, and they gave me a new one right away-- no wait, no paperwork. Super friendly staff and extremely quick service despite being very busy! Definitely one of the better Apple stores that I've been to.
3	Waited for 25 minutes before asking for a manager for assistance. Too crowded and for all the lovely blue shirts walking around nobody bothered to help those of us standing around. Once I finally got help it was ok.
5	I am a huge fan of Apple products and the Apple store service is what you expect from the #1 company in computing and electronics. I had to schedule an appointment for my 7 year old Macbook (Yeah, I am as amazed as anyone for the Macbook lasting me 7 years, I use it everyday for work and home) it's hard drive finally gave out. Right on schedule I was assigned Elizabeth to help me with my problem. She was very helpful and took the time to explain to me the cheapest and best way to fix the problem. After spending a good amount of time trying to solve the problem for free she found out it was my hard drive. I am going to be buying a new Mac soon and of course I will go back to the Apple Biltmore. Thanks again for saving me a few bucks and saving all my software and files.
4	This Apple store gets really busy, but the staff is always friendly, nice and happy to accommodate you. Also, being in very dog friendly Biltmore, this store is very dog friendly too! The employees love coming up and petting and saying hi to my pup. It has a great selection and I was able to get an ipad2 and 4S easily at least a few weeks after it was released, even when all the other stores in the Valley were completely sold out.Negatives is the store is smaller then most. The hours are short. I feel for a popular store it should be opened earlier and closed later, but they follow the hours of the other stores at the Biltmore, so I understand. It's the only Apple Store I'll go to, even though there are bigger and newer ones close by simply because it is more dog friendly then the others. I appreciate that they offer this at this location and why I'll continue to be loyal to this store.
4	Brought my iPad in to see why I wasn't able to get WiFi and the staff was quick to assist! As always the store is packed, but they are always readily available to help and direct you to the right department or person...Told me they would have the problem solved in 20 minutes - with plenty of stores close-by I was able to get a quick bite to eat while waiting!I also had to return an iPad case, which by the way was with out a receipt and past the return date, but with my credit card they were able to locate my purchase and return the charge to my card! Mychael B (one of the Managers) assisted me, but everyone else seemed to be so willing to help me when he stepped away.
4	I know people make fun of the Genius thing, but I've always had snappy fast service and they don't treat me like an idiot just because I'm a female with some malfunctioning tech like other repair places I've been to. I'm pretty brand loyal to Apple when it comes to devices, not deliberately, but that's what I've ended up with over the years, and it's nice that their on-ground physical response teams are so knowledgeable and helpful.
5	After my disastrous experience with trying to buy a used computer from ASU (only about $500 for something that can't be used) anything but the word brand new can upset me.  I went to this apple store after going to a competitor and can say they really helped me save money.  I went in ready to buy a new unit when one young man said why not buy refurbished on line and have it delivered.His logic waas that they had gone farther through a refurbished machine when they got it back than with the regular brand new machines.  Something to be said for his line of thought I thought about this long and hard and checked what was available online for a month.  Later I went back and worked with an associate named Jessica who showed me logically that I was going to spend more money than I needed to, about $500 dollars!?!.  The refurbished unit came in faster than i expected/  I took my old machine that had half the tech staff came out looking at it and saying "It still works?"  They loaded the new one with the info from the old  machine and got it the same day.  Later that evening, I realized nothing was going as it should in updating necessary information.  The  next day, I made and appoint meant and hauled everything over there.  My final contact was with a delight flu woman named Elizabeth.  She proceeded to show me that about half of what I had load off the old machine wasn't necessary and would have caused exactly what was going wrong.   I can't tell you how much time she took to remove things I didn't need.  She also explained something to me that I think should have been told before.  Safari is a product of Mac, I was not  this  before. In my opinion, it only  makes sense to use it when I am on a macintosh computer.  From seeing what Elizabeth work today, I realized I've run into problems previously because no one told me about she benefit of using safari and mac together.Yeah, Jessica, for saving me money!  Elizabeth for her smile when she went through the tedious process of ridding my new machine of things I didn't need!  There were two other gentlemen who I have to apologize for not remembering their names/  Overall, definitely a five star experience, inspire of a crying baby and a busy weekend crowd.
1	I simply cannot dealing with uneducated "geniuses", that think they know everything, when they don't even have a degree in computer science and or engineering. Seriously? Get real.
4	This place is great. I've been in here twice in the last week. Once for my iPhone and once for my Macbook pro. Everyone is super friendly and does what they can to help you. If you need help around the store, its very easy to find someone to assist you. The attitude of the employees really makes this place spectacular. The only issue is the wait time. I had a genius appointment and still had to wait half an hour to talk to someone once I was there. Still a great place.
2	I go here because it's close...but the store out in Chandler is so much bigger and friendlier.  The Geniuses here are alright, but seem to always have an attitude or be swamped.  Plus, the store itself is usually swamped...when I go in and need help, there's nary a person to help me.  Last time I waited 30 MINUTES to ask a question about a laptop.  Either I'm addicted to apples or just plain stupid because I would NEVER wait that long in any other store.  The lack of customer service, the wait times, and the general malaise of the staff here make me seriously consider not buying an apple again every time I visit this store.
5	They have very technical team to assist apple products. I love the apple gadgets. I feel very sad if get them out of order. But no problem now. I get repaired  my laptop after a tech fault at  a nominal charge at apple store. I trust for their quick and reliable services. They have done a goood job for me.
3	I had a better experience on a weekend with plenty of staff on hand to help answer questions and ring you up. Come in here on a weeknight and chances are you'll be standing around looking like a schmuck looking for someone to help out.The setup of the store is nice and interactive with plenty of their pretty gadgets on display just waiting to loosen your wallet. At the rear are products and accessories. It would be nice if they had more guy type covers and protectors for iPod and iPhone. Most of the ones they have are quite girly. Sorry, no floral-print or polka dot protectors for MY iPhone.So all in all, it's the same as you can expect from any Apple Store, just know that there are times when you can expect better service than other times.
5	I can't be more pleased with Apple and this location. My iMac was making a crazy noise inside near the CD drive. I just brought it in not knowing that I needed to make an appointment for the Genius Bar. Unfortunately they were all booked up with other people. I get it. I made an appointment for the following day and was ready to walk back to my car carrying my giant box. While I was kinda annoyed at myself for not thinking to make an appointment before lugging that giant box all the way through the parking lot and across the entire Biltmore, my patience was restored when an employee insisted that he carry it out for me. I came back for my appointment. They diagnosed the problem very quickly and said they would have it done in 3 days. I got a call the next day saying it was done. I went in picked it up and paid nothing as it was covered under my warranty. No need to show paperwork, no need to prove anything, no hassle. This is another reason I will always buy Apple.
1	The "help" I received at this Apple store was laughable. I arrived for an intro class with a fully functional machine, took the "class" which was pretty lame (most of what you learn can be done at home with simple exploration) and then wanted to get some quesstions answered about getting old e-mail from my previous machine. Our instructor told us to snag a guy on the floor to answer our questions (three of them). The advanced class is no longer offered, so much of what we had hoped to learn about using i-cloud and transmission from other devices, we will have to figure out on our own. We found a guy, but he was hostile and rude. He eventually walked away from us after giving us the incorrect information about e-mail retrieval and password resetting, leaving us with a machine that no longer functioned properly. We sought out the guy with the clipboard and he said there were no appointments available at the genius bar for 4 hours and that was at another store across town. We had traveled 50 minutes to get to this store from our home. We pointed out to him that is was HIS employee who screwed up the device. They REALLY didn't care about serving their customers. When a young woman arrived without an appointment, the clip board guy told her to wait a minute and they would see what they could do to help!! My husband and I are in our 60's and use computers and smart phones every day, but there seems to be an arrogance in this store if you are not the young, hip, techie person. My husband spent an hour or so on the phone with Apple tech support and got things straightened out. THEY were very helpful. This store does not have the "Nordstrom" customer service ethic and  is not a place to go for help. Their focus is to demo, sell their devices and act like customer service is beneath them. Their "coolness" is a turn-off and they act like they are doing you a great favor if they answer a question. It seems to us that Apple is selling more devices than they have the manpower to support in their stores. I will avoid these stores like the plague. All of this makes me wonder why I bought an Apple product in the first place.
5	Free product classes
2	Not a fan of Apple but will say that this store is better than the one at Scottsdale Quarter.   Less Apple peeps at this one just standing there looking cool doing nothing! The guys/gals I have used for training have been decent, not amazing but have tried to be helpful.
5	The majority of my technology gadgets are not Apple but I have visited this store a few times and have been impressed each time. There are tons of staff members around to help and greet you, even when the store is crazy busy. I had the pleasure of working with Quin and Stephen and both are exceptional staff. Stephen gave the youth I work with an amazing experience through the Apple Store "Field Trip". I was impressed at how much they learned and it's always rewarding to see a child smile and enjoy themselves. If you work with youth and are looking for an awesome (and free) field trip, definitely check this one out! Store is clean, cool and enjoyable to use all the product! Great location too...lots of stores and restaurants in the same complex. Definitely recommend!
5	There is no service better than APPLE.  Always accommodating, so smart at what they do with amazing service!  Thank you Matthew M. for getting me in and out so quickly.  I wish every store knew the "Apple Way".
5	Although I find most Apple Stores are more or less the same, I thought that this particular store had really polite employees -- more so, than the others I've visited.  In fact, I was pleasantly surprised that I was asked if I needed help even though the store was quite busy at the time.  Moreover, the employee who helped me seemed to know his products and made great recommendations based on what I needed.  Sad to say, this is not always the case in other Apple Stores.  I suppose it always depends on the employees.  Since I had a great customer service experience at this store, I'll give it five stars.
5	Always had good experiences. Answered questions when I had them, and are fast with product pickups when I ordered online. Can't think of a better retail experience. Third party accessory prices are a bit high though.
5	I try really hard to avoid coming into this store.  Everything displayed makes me want to just give them my paycheck.  Sadly my need for food and sleep prevents me from giving them every dollar I make.I'm happy to see Apple making a come back.  I went to college for Graphic Design and the majority of my classes where on Macs.  I had to transition to PC for my new career and having a Mac at home helps keep me sane.They really do "just work".
5	The guys teaching apple camp did an awesome job!!! My kiddo had fun and they taught us parents what they were teaching our kids! Will definitely do this again next summer!
5	This is my second experience with a repair. This was a warrantee repair (expensive logic board replacement because of a little faulty switch on the board - sensing the "lock" switch position on an inserted memory card). A quick confirmation of the problem, and the part was ordered. I was called a couple of days later when it arrived. I was REALLY concerned about not having the machine because of a weekly delivery commitment. My machine was in at about 10:30, and I was called about 2:00 same day. That was great service and helped me out of a very tight spot. Thanks and kudos to y'all at the Biltmore Apple store, both front end and bench folks!!
5	Most Apple stores are the same but this location has exceptional customer service. I never feel like they're downplaying the problems I'm experiencing or mocking my lack of technology knowledge. The employees are very down to earth and genuinely enjoyable to work with. I will drive out of my way to go to this Apple store and if you're about to spend a good amount of money on a computer- go to this location where they will make it a positive and beneficial experience.
4	I have consistently received incredible service from this Apple store whenever I have gone in.  Most recently I had an issue with my iPhone spontaneously powering off.  I did a walk in appointment at the genius bar and the appointment began on time and the associate helping me was awesome.  No drama, no frustration, just great service on a great product.
3	Switched out my phone which was nice, but I think they gave me a "refurbished" one...
5	You could easily say I am an Apple nerd! Name any Apple product- I've got it... Maybe even more than one!! Also, I used to work for Apple for quite some time, which was amazing, so I really learned how amazing Apple truly is... And this Apple store really goes above and beyond! The Biltmore location is the closest to my house and I feel so lucky to have this great Apple store to come to and nerd out. The store is very large and spacious, so even during their busiest hours you still have room to move about and play with the latest and greatest gadget. Dogs are also allowed in, including my own giant Boxer. I could go on and on talking about their amazing customer experience beginning from the moment you walk in. I'm always greeted with a smile and assistance immediately walking through the doors. At the Genius Bar, employees are always understanding and overly helpful with any Apple question or issue. They are extremely patient and their knowledge and expertise allows you to kick back and relax knowing everything will be taken care of. This Apple store has such a friendly group of people here, making every experience is exceptional!
5	They say an apple a day...This store is organized chaos at its best! You walk in and someone is always willing to greet and help you find just what you need. Everything is done digitally so there is no resting we to have to wait at and no paper receipt to clutter up your purse.  An added bonus for the iPhone users is the ability to walk in find what you need and purchase your items right from your phone with the apple store app. This store also has a tech support service station. I recommend making an appointment on line as walk ins will have to wait for the first available slot which can sometimes be hours away.
3	Apple stores today induce anxiety. I prefer the old-school checkout register with a line. Their prices are high for poorly made products with too-short warranties that seem to expire just before your computer crashes or a cable is snapped. The workers here know it but their Apple fandom forces a blind eye. Genius bar is impossible on weekends if you don't plan ahead.  I only have my Macbook Pro and iPhone because they are incredibly sexy vs the competition.
2	I understand when a store is busy, every patron cannot get the attention they may need. However, I had questions about transferring my old MacBook Pro to an external hard drive so that when I purchased a new laptop, (which would've been today) I could have access to all of my old documents. I had an issue with my Apple ID,  so I was unable to make a Genius Bar appointment. I stopped by anyway to see if I could get some quick advice from one of the 12 kids doing nothing but standing around in blue shirts. I was promptly told there was no appointments and maybe I should drive to another store. No inquiry about my questions, no offer of any service at all. I was simply sent away, brushed off, told to go elsewhere. Ok, I mean I'll find another store that wants my business. I'm sure the 15 other people wandering around aimlessly touching every device in the store were about to make major purchases too....
5	I was helped right away since I had an appointment to get my battery in my iPhone replaced.  I even brought my laptop in because I thought I would be there for a while. Nope.  I was there for about 20-30 minutes.  The customer service was great, the turn around time was even better.
2	Went in with my wife to upgrade her iPhone 4 to a 5S, having been told over the phone they had them in stock, but couldn't do anything unless we were there in person. We were helped after about 3 minutes by an employee who checked the inventory and verified that they did. He said he'd go get one.We then stood around for 20-30 minutes waiting, distracting ourselves with the display units in the meanwhile. After this time had passed, we noticed the employee we had spoken with back in the main area helping another customer. We spoke to him and he told us that since they only had a limited inventory, we had to buy it via the website to ensure that the one he grabbed was on gold for someone else.He called another employee and we were led to a display computer and guided through the order process, which fortunately was pretty straightforward. A few minutes later the other employee got us the phone and we were done.Why the employee couldn't come back to us to say we had to order one through the site (which would have saved everyone time) is confusing and just bad customer service. We wasted time waiting for him that could have been spent quickly ordering online and having someone else fetch the phone.2 Stars only because the other employee was helpful speeding us through the online ordering process.
4	Apple stores are always extremely helpful. This store is no exception. With that said however I have been to more helpful stores. I bought a new Mac and they were more than happy to help set it up. However something weird happened with my Apple ID and was unable to set up track my Mac. When that happened it seemed that out conversation was over. She did give me a nice pull string bag which I really like. This apple store and the one in chamfer are the ones I prefer to use. I will return
5	The helpful "geniuses" at this Apple store not only replaced my battery but also partitioned my hard drive and fixed a glitch on the hard drive to do so. And they expedited the process so I could get home in time to feed my dog. I was surprised and pleased by the expedient, expert assistance I received.
1	It really bothers me when I walk in and there are 3 or 4 representatives twittling their thumbs and when I check in, I'm told it will be over an hour before a representative can assist me.... Then we always have to go there, MANAGER. Then immediate assistance is provided. Seriously, that's poor customer service and leaves me with a bad feeling about my apple products that I pay a million dollars for with monthly service fees.
4	Incredibly busy and crowded, but a great store still. So I began my relationship with this Apple store location in 2007 when I bought a MacBook. They have serviced it accordingly, giving me several keyboards (when they were proven to be faulty), helping me on upgrades (including sending me elsewhere to save money), and showing me other products, like the iPhone and iPad, which I would eventually buy. The Genius Bar is a good place to get help. I've been here several times and each time they were pretty quick and usually inexpensive. A couple of times they took longer but overall I am happy with the results. I've spent some money at this store for sure. Fixing issues with my computer, buying new devices, and getting accessories have all been things I've done at this Apple store. My only true gripe about this location is the fact that sometimes MANY people are shopping at the same time for devices and waiting for someone in a blue shirt to "open up" availability can be stressful and time consuming. On several occasions I've waited and waited only to be told that everyone is busy and they'll "get to me when they can". Despite the long waits for service and for help with new devices (sometimes), I would still rate this location pretty well overall. The parking structure is covered and there is usually decent parking to be had, the employees are friendly and knowledgable, and turnaround time for service is pretty quick. Overall, I'm happy with Apple and their store on Camelback in the Biltmore.
1	Worst customer service! But they don't care! I even spoke to a manager and he would not exchange my defective device.  What happen to taking care of your customer?
5	Had some issues with my keyboard that I bought separately to use with my I pad. After checking batteries, they came back with a brand new keyboard. The service I have received with Apple over the past 8 years with my mac, i phone and i pad will always keep me coming back. Well trained staff; professional, friendly and so helpful.Love apple products!
1	I pre ordered the iPhone 6 and showed up after receiving an email stating I could stop by to pick it up any time that day. It was 7:30 and the line was out the door. I was told to come back tomorrow and that there's no way I was getting that phone prior to 9pm close. I've already paid for the phone and I showed them the email I'd received but to no avail. So I called the store on my way home explaining what'd happened and the kid looked up my name and said they shouldn't have had me wait in line and that I could come get it whenever. It turned my Friday night into a cluster and I'm disappointed in the way apple does business.  Seriously considering galaxy whatever and ditching the iPhone for good.
5	Friendly and always fun to visit this store.  Despite the rage of the new iPhone 6, I was allowed into the store to "play" with the phones and check out the Apple TV.  Everyone here is so warm, inviting, and fun.  I would love to work here for Apple.  The energy in this store is right up my alley!!!!!
5	I'm Apple happy again thanks to a senior advisor named Eric. After expressing my problem and frustration with him he quickly resolved my issue and sent me a new iPad Air.
2	They got me in and out quickly for my appointment at the Genius Bar.  Unfortunately when I got home I realized the problem I came in for hadn't been solved.
3	I came here to find accessories for iPod to hook as much as my surround sound. And I'm an old fashion in terms of gadget, I don't have any idea what will need to buy to suite into what I want, but luckily I promptly attended by their crew and guide me. I got my new dock station and I love it!
1	I really wish I was able to give this store negative stars because the deserve it.  Every time I go to an Apple Store I feel like a head of cattle.  They honestly don't care about their customers even a little bit, it's all about good marketing to sell their products then when they malfunction they do everything they can to keep from fixing it because that would cost them money.  I have Apple plus, insurance that I paid for in the case that my phone needed fixed or replaced.  That was the case when I went here and not only did the jerk who was supposed to be helping me fail to do so he also made my phone worse.  Then he blamed me for the phone not working after his solution didn't work.  I truly loath Apple just based on its stores.  I wish I could leave them but I have so much sunk cost between the Mac book, TV, iPad, iPhone that I'm not better off leaving.
5	What's not to love here?  Cool toys, gadgets, technological marvels, entertainment devices, smarter phones, music players, happiness, love, laptops, all-in-one desktops, sexiness, software, high-powered portable speakers, oh so many shiny things, and a bar where they apparently sell geniuses!  I'll take two!If I wasn't such a technology whore, then I might not love all the devices with retina displays, touch IDs, and such intuitive and badass capabilities.  But I am.  And I do.  The overall experience is quick and painful. You can purchase $20 iPhone case or a $2,500 MacBook Pro with the help of one person who will find what you want and ring you up with a mini portable register device.  Apple is just a cool gotta-have-it brand... and I gotta have it!
1	This is the worst Apple store I've ever seen. I've been in there multiple times with appointments, once to see why my iPhone 5 battery kept dying so quickly which I was told was not their fault and once a few months later to have the battery and on/off switch when they were recalled. Both appointments took way longer than they should have because they were so understaffed. So when I bought an iPhone 6 last week I bought AppleCare+ with which I was sold on by being told I could just bring my phone in and have it serviced if there were any issues and it would be covered for 2 accidental damage issues (for $79 each). I left for Australia the next day and didn't have time to buy a case (the only ones sold at the Apple stores are Apple cases which I think are overpriced and not very protective). So I ended up dropping my phone in a jetway and shattering the screen. I thanked god that I bought the AppleCare and that it would be relatively easy to replace when I returned. After I got back to the States I was driving to work and the screen completely stopped working. I happened to be right by the Apple store so I thought perfect I'll go in get this fixed and only be a little late for work. I showed up before the store opened. When it opened I was informed by some guy with an iPad that their next available appointment was at 1:30pm (mind you I arrived at approximately 9:30am). I politely informed him that since my phone wasn't working there was no way I could have possibly made an appointment, and that I had to go to work and therefore didn't have 4 hours to sit at the Apple store and wait. His solution we can see if there's another Apple store with an earlier appointment (all the other stores are about a half an hour drive away) or we can find an appointment that works better with your schedule. I told him those options didn't work for me so he said he would get a manager to see if they could a manager to make an exception. I explained to the  manager, Brandon, my situation and he was nothing but rude. I could not use my phone at all, which I rely on for everything, GPS to get to clients, hotspot wifi to work, and most importantly for my work and family to be able to contact me. My father is terminally ill so it's very important that they are able to contact me at all times. I finally lost my patience and told him about my father, which resulted in a full on melt down and me crying my eyes out in the middle of the Apple store. He then decided he could help me, I guess a crying girl were too embarrassing for him to have in the store. So he took less than 5 minutes to give me a replacement phone and get me out the door. Had he done this in the first place it would have saved up both a half hour or arguing, my emotional breakdown, and a bad yelp review. I understand needing an appointment when you're MacBook or iPad is not working, or when you iPhone has a non critical issue (eg. battery), but when a device that you depend on for everything and is covered under warranty does not work it needs to be addressed immediately not when you can get around to it in 4 hours. An easy solution? Hire more people this place never has enough technicians I've been in there probably 5 times and every single time I have been told their running behind because they're short on technicians. EVERY time.
3	Have to say I'm conflicted with this one. While I am completely reliant and basically happy with most Apple products, the approach toward servicing customers at the store is horrible. The system of having a host greet you and get you to a customer service rep is simple, but for some reason also chaotic. My guess is the store is continually understaffed and probably mismanaged and the employees know it. The attitude of the multiple hosts/greeters I've experienced is unwelcoming, indifferent and often a little conceited. I have watched numerous people walk out of the store in frustration and have also done so myself.I guess they know their products great and just don't give a crap, they know we'll be back.
2	Prepurchased my item online, the iphone 6.Once I arrived at the location, the "help" was more concerned with getting me out of the store by telling me the they were done taking in new customers before asking the more appropriate line of questions. Employee kind of got defensive when I called him on his lack of professionalism. After getting on the same page, a different employee helped me in getting through the rest of the process. Employee had no interest in helping in setting up my new phone, but that was ok. I had no interest in having them help me after dealing with the first employee. Great store, great inventory, employee customer skills must improve so that they may treat all customers fairly. Try to help before trying to get rid of.
1	Could use some training in customer service. Being rude definitely runs in the store. I would not be sorry if this location shut down.
1	This is by far the worst Apple Store I have ever been too. The customer service is AWFUL, I have never dealt with such unprofessional people. After being told my computer was broken, I waited 45 minutes even though I told them the exact computer I wanted to buy. I was willing to pay $2,000 upfront to get the computer I needed. When it came time to purchase it, I let them know I needed it ASAP since I had to make it to class. At this point, they told me it would be ANOTHER 30 minutes for me to even get the computer!!!! Not to mention, I dealt with a total witch while trying to explain I had been at the store already for 45 minutes waiting to get this computer. I will probably never return to this store, as I don't appreciate having eyes rolled at me and employees tell me I'm being unreasonable.
2	Not enough personnel to support the customer. Appointments don't mean nothing here. Still got seen late and I have a guy looking at my comp and another comp at the same time. Personnel hygiene is non existent for the Apple employees.
5	I avoid Apple stores at all costs.No, really. I do. Maybe that's because I live in Los Angeles and the crowds are exactly what you'd expect, but for the most part I get anxiety just seeing what looks like chaos inside and opt for Verizon.That being said, my visit to this particular store on Saturday night was a phenomenal experience. I received outstanding customer service from first Craig, then Shawn, then Darmon, all who took the time to strike up conversation, figure out what I needed, and help me figure out how to use my new and foreign technology. I cannot speak highly enough of these guys- they really made my experience a fantastic one and I will be returning because of them. Thank you all for speaking patiently to me and my parents, for spelling it out for us, and for remaining engaged and interested in our needs the whole time. You were awesome!
5	A visit to this Apple Store will help you. Quickly, efficiently and in a pleasant manner. Like other Apple retail stores the design is pleasant. The employees here are what really make the visit welcoming.I'm a repeat customer. I don't really know why I try to shop anywhere else for tech stuff. Other than being lazy and marginally closer to other stores.Today, for example I was in pursuit of a thing-a-ma-gig to hold my iPhone. Someone had given me a product name. And of course I had instantly forgotten it and neglected to jot the intel down in my iPhone. (I used a pen. ON PAPER.)While visited a mega-store I explained my product needs: Something to hold my smartphone while I took photos. I needed the function of a tripod without the bulk. The portability to carry something small and for this item to be pliable. (For it to wrap around fence posts and trees. Taking selfies is darn hard. You have no idea.)Lost and confused with a failed interaction at that nameless giant store I rang this Apple. One voice input into their system and I was speaking to a rep. ONE. Same story shared there. I thought I had a product name. They found two options for me - in stock - started to explain the difference when I said, "Hang on. I'm coming!"Zipped over. Walked in and was immediately grabbed by a friendly employee. "Yes, thank you. I'm looking at these items. I already made a choice. But.....I have a random other need."The dude - and I feel awful writing this review - I never have time to grab names here - found another dude. BAM. Super dude explained some available options.Where will I be coming to spend more time? (And likely my money?)This Apple store.Customer service matters. They've got it down.
