4	the "o" stands for "ouest".  yes, you're in canada now.  don't worry if you don't speak french, everyone knows english.well, after a couple of days of some very costly eating and a couple of visits to this place where we declined the hour+ wait we finally decided to get here around 9:00 a.m. - and only waited a half hour.worth the wait.  it's hard to go wrong with breakfast, but this was exceptional (or is that eggseptional?).  my comparison dish is eggs benedict which i get just about everywhere since it's one of the few things i don't make for myself and where i figure if the hollendaise doesn't make me violently ill, the place gets at least 1 star.  here, it was creamy and light.  the canadian bacon (or is it just bacon here?) was actual smoked ham, sliced so thin it literally melted in the mouth.  the oj was fresh-squeezed.  the waffles were golden and crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and everything was served with a variety of fresh fruit.  i'm not really a coffee drinker, but the iced cappucino was good and strong.  stiffened me up for the 6 hour drive back to boston.the place itself is really nice.  a soaring two stories in what i call a factory style - lots of brick, exposed vents and pipes - with a mezzanine on the second floor.  interesting, eclectic decor but i was really focused on the food.  service was outstanding and the prices were about what you would pay at a zaftigs or something like that here in boston (i.e. depending on what you get, you can spend next to nothing, or $20 per person).  seating is close.  for us, that was ok as we struck up conversations with the couples on both sides of us - just as well, since we were basically sitting with them anyway.this is a chain - there a few in montreal, i don't know about elsewhere - but this one was the closest to the hotel and near the main drag of rue st. catherine.
5	Great breakfast place. If you wake up Sunday morning and you're wondering to yourself "how can I get some coffee and food in me to kill the hangover" you can join half of Montreal in going to this eggscellent spot. Ok, that was a horrible painful pun. Be warned, mortal: while eating here you will encounter lots of puns. Prepare yourself.It really is good.
3	Mixed reviews.Some of my friends absolutely loved their meals.  They felt that it was some of the best scrambled eggs they ever had.  Me, either I ordered the wrong thing or I'm just more discerning, the food was just okay.  To be honest, it is very hard to impress me with breakfast fare.  The ambiance is nice - spacious and clean.  Our waiter was spectacular - very diligent and friendly.  Portions were decent.  Can't go wrong especially if you don't expect (I'll resist the easy pun) much.
4	I ate here twice, once for breakfast and once for lunch.  I was very pleased with both meals.  The food was quite good and our waiter was amazing and fast and super friendly, especially considering the place was packed.For breakfast I had a mushroom and cheese omelette, which came with potatoes and toast.  The toast is served in a basket with small containers of jam in really good flavors like strawberry and raspberry, not the crappy mixed fruit or grape cheapness that most restaurants try to get away with.  It also comes with a little container of JIF peanut butter.  That is adorable. Points were scored.  I also ordered the Sunrise cocktail, which was divine.  It was fresh squeezed orange juice, champagne and peach schnapps, or something, mmm.  My favorite thing was the simplest, a side order of grilled tomatoes.  What an awesome concept.  I wish I could order them in more restaurants. A few days later I visited for lunch and had a BLT minus the B and with some C, so you know, a cheese sandwich.  It was also quite tasty, and although you may think it's hard to mess up a cheese sandwich, I've cried over a cheese sandwich before so yeah...good stuff.
5	Y-U-MWish they had this chain in NYC. Great food, cute environment, yum yum yum!
4	This is a pretty standard breakfast, brunch, lunch spot and it fits the bill for supplying practically any type of breakfast or lunch dish that you're cravingThey have a super solid list of various eggs benedict and of course other egg dishes. I would certainly expect it with a name like theirs.There are two levels to this restaurant and it seems there is ample seating for the amount of traffic they get. Service can be a bit questionable as our server was often just hanging around checking her phone. Although when she was paying attention it was good service.Food comes quick and the portions are of a nice size to fully satisfy your hunger.
5	I hate breakfast but LOVE breakfast foods at any other time of day. Especially eggs. What? There is a place that caters to my weird fetish?! Sweeeeet!! I love this place. They specialize in well....eggs! I have never seen so many different versions of eggs benedict! Smoked salmon on whole wheat toast with capers? YUM! We had to tell the waiter to come back 3 times...yes the menu is that good. I wanted the sandwiches, burgers, eggs, pancakes...it was the hardest decision of my day. However...i did not order any of those. I went with a salad.Now before you judge me, let me just say...I am the BIGGEST salad eater. It is my fave. I have never had issues finishing a salad. Until now. I call this...Spencer vs. Tropical Chicken Salad. It started with the spinach. We arent talking bagged spinach here. This was legit spinach. Like some happy little fresh farmer just showed up with a basket he harvested as he sang french songs. The leaves were huge and fresh and covered in a vinaigrette. On top of that was a piece of chicken slathered in an orange glaze and sun flower seeds. This is when the salad kicked my butt. The top of the salad was covered in mangos, papayas and grapefruit. Did i mention it was a whole mango, 1/2 papaya and 1/2 grape fruit. I was down for the count but so happy.  See the picture. We also got an egg sandwich on a bagel. Egg, tomato, cheese and bacon. killer.
4	We were looking for a family dinner spot after a long day of sightseeing in Montreal. As usual, we were trying to find a space that catered to our youngest (whose menu is very limited), but would satisfy everyone else. This menu seemed to fit the bill - in addition to eggs of all varieties, they have a dinner menu. We didn't try anything exotic, but the eggs benedict and california benedict we tried were great. (We love eggs benedict). Portions were large, coming with fruit/ potato slices. We arrived at the peak of dinner hour, but the host found us a table. While there were only two servers, they never stopped moving and provided good and friendly service even with their hands full. There were non-egg items on the menu, but we didn't try them.
5	I detest puns. You have no idea how much I do. I wanted to hate this place when I heard the name and saw the menu. However, our hotel staff recommended it (also, it was one of the few places open on New Year's Day).I was wrong. The food was outstanding and we were seated promptly. The wait staff were quick with our food and even gave us some tips on how to get to where we wanted to sightsee in Montreal!I forget what it was called, but I had french toast topped with flambeed bananas, brown sugar, brandy, cinnamon and powder sugar. The potatoes on the side were incredible and the freshly squeezed orange juice was good. Possibly one of the best breakfasts I've ever had!If/when I return to Montreal I would definitely hit this place up again.
4	I always make sure to come here when I'm in Montreal. Yeah the name is corny and it's a tourist attraction. We go here because it's close to our hotel, the menu has a great selection, and the portions are generous. Plus anything from the juice bar is good after a hangover. Service was a bit spotty on our last outing.. we had to remind our waiter twice that he had forgotten someone's coffee. But overall, a great place to breakfast/brunch when in Montreal.
3	Because we're a pack of rebels, we don't order a single egg-based dish. The banana french toast flambe.  How can you go wrong with brown sugar, butter, and brandy?  The yogurt has a nice tang to it, confirming that it's not Dannon.  The crepes, however, disappoint me with their stubborn and resistant texture.  Strange that out of all the creperies I've known in the last 10 years, the one in J-town in SF (you know the one I'm talking about) is still my favorite.  Would be 4 stars, except the waiter won't move us inside when the decision to eat outside turned out to be an arctic mistake.  Something about no four-tops available, although I observed otherwise on my way to and from the bathroom.  What is this, the back of the bus?
4	Great place for a decent breakfast...I especially am hooked on the California Benedict.  Very tasty, but on the "tubby" side for sure.  Smoked salmon w/ breakfast is great!!  Also enjoy the fresh squeezed juice!
3	Quick service, decent sandwich. Waitstaff was pretty disaffected though. Not too pricey. I remember this place being a better when I was in Montreal 4 years ago. Ah well. Maybe I'm just disappointed because the top floor was closed and we had to sit downstairs.
3	Gourmet prices for a perfectly average omelet.  If you absolutely need eggs and you're in the neighborhood, go there.  But don't go out of your way for what is essentially an IHOP.
3	The breakfast here is consistently good. About every third or fourth visit it is very good; worthy of four stars. It can get pretty crowded here for breakfast, especially on weekends, so I'd make sure you are not too hungry before you get here. The only problem is trying to decide what to order off the giant menu. Fresh squeeze orange juice is a plus.
5	Great place for breakfast.  Their menu is HUGE and if you are a fan of eggs this is the place for you.Here it can get really busy at all hours of the day.  I came here Monday afternoon at 1p and it was packed where we had to wait 15minutes for an outdoor seat.  No wait for indoor seating.Service was good, prices are decent, food is good, atmosphere is nice and portions are big.I wish there was an Eggspectations in New York.
4	Great breakfast place.  They have these places in Toronto, too and they're great.  Their benedict had a really potent guyere hollandaise which was really nice to taste a little twist in the ol' recipe - to my knowledge.  Definitely go there if you're hankering for breakfast - Chez Cora is pretty close to this place too and it's just as good.
2	Ok... I hate to be a cynic, but I'm feeling the need to set the yelp record straight here. I don't want fellow Yelpers to be led horribly astray when visiting this fine food-lovers city of the north.Whenever any friend of mine from New York asks me about places to check out in Montreal, i give them an extensive list of restaurants, bars and attractions to visit. Eggspectations has never been on that list (and it never will be). As i previously stated, Montreal attracts a lot of foodies, and it boasts an incredible number of top-tier restaurants for a city its size. You visit it to indulge in steak frites with a pat of butter on top, or artery-clogging smoked meat sandwiches, or freshly baked goods from french boulangeries, or copious amounts of beer/liquor (especially if an you're an American teenager). You do NOT travel to this city to eat brunch at what is basically Canada's answer to IHOP.Its true, everyone I know from college and their mother (literally) has been here a million times, and why some of them continue to go back... well, lets just assume they're ignorant of all the glorious brunch places Montreal has to offer. The ones I know of are mostly in the Plateau and Outremont. Any local you ask in those two areas will tell you to go to Toi Moi et Cafe, or Santropol, or wait in the ridiculously long line at L'Avenue (but ohhhh man is it worth it). Even mediocre Place Milton, crammed with clueless university kids, blows this place outta the water.So yeah, don't have high eggspectations when eating here. Its just another lousy chain, and you could most definitely cook better eggs AND home fries in your own kitchen. The only saving grace about this place is that it's better than Chez Cora. I'm not even gonna take the trouble to review THAT one. If Eggspectations is a glorified IHOP, Chez Cora is an overpriced Denny's.-end tirade-
4	Just got back from my first visit to Montreal.  Surprisingly, one of the highlights of my visit was my trip(s) to Eggspectation.  That is aiside from the Red Wings-Canadiens game that is.Just to give you a sense of how delighted I was with my breakfast, I went there twice.  The place is huge, and you're most likely going to be greeting with a line on weekends.  However, the service is friendly and they move through tables quickly.  My first breakfast consisted of the smoked meat benedict with potatoes.  While I am not a smoked meat expert, I do love meat in general, and this specialty of the North did not disappoint.  My girfriend got an omelet, and she was very happy with it as well.  My second meal there consisted of something a little less regional.  I got a corned beef hash with potatoes.  Like I said, I like my meat.  As with my smoked meat benedict, I liked this dish very much.  I particularly liked how the corned beef hash was made up of very small chunks of meat and potatoes.  I very much prefer this to the large chunky pieces you sometimes find.Who knows the next time I will be in Montreal, but the next time I go there, I think I know where I am going for breakfast.
4	I begged to come here a second time. Seriously. Good eats and lots of food for a reasonable price.The first morning we popped in and I ordered the French toast. Amazing. Blown away. Perhaps some of the best breakfast I have ever eaten. Sorry, Dad. Your French toast just doesn't cut it anymore.
5	Reasonable priced food if you are in that area. Best breakfast spot and decent lunch offerings. Food is flavorful and there is many options. Eggs to crepes to french toast. 5/5
2	I am really not sure what the hype is here. Let me start with the positive:1. the space - this is a really cool old building, lots of exposed brick, lots of space and lots of light. 2. the servers - fast, friendly and just all around good service. thats about it, the food was, at best, plain. I had the calssic benny, which seems hard to mess up, but everything felt very rushed. THe eggs were undercooked(quite a bit) and the hollandaise was definitely a mix, not from scratch. My GF had a mix of yogurt, scrambled eggs and toast. It was all just kind of sloppy. I honestly can't remember the last time I haven't enjoyed a brunch(its my favorite meal of the day) so it was a real dissappointment to be let down here, especially with all the high ratings here. As we left, the lineup to get in was about 30 people long, and they all looked like university students. Seems like this may be the most popular morning after the bar place for the university crowd.
4	This place was recommended to me by the hotel concierge as one of the better breakfast places close to the hotel.  It was only three blocks away.  We were weary at first when we saw what appeared to be the menu in the window but turned out to only be six specials.  The menu actually offered quite a bit of variety and included egg puns on almost every different choice.  Between the Eggspectation and the Eggcellent, everyone enjoyed their meals.  Prices were average for the egg dishes and everything else seemed about right.  Fresh orange juice and good coffee.Right in between Station Place d'Armes and Station Peel.
4	had to hit this place back up on grand prix weekend.  nothing like a good breakfast after a night of champagne, vodka and dancing on tables until the ugly lights come on at 3:00 a.m.this time around, i had the yolk around the clock - cut a bagel in half, grill it, drop a sunny side up egg into each hole [insert sexual innuendo here] cover it with bacon and cheddar, eat it, and you will feel like a man again.  top it off with a glass of the fresh-squeezed oj and you will be ready for night #2.on a practical note, it looks like they added some outdoor seating since the last time i was here.
4	I try to come here at least once every time I'm in Montreal, which is usually once a year. There aren't too many crepe places where I live, so I try to stuff my crepe-hole when I'm here.I recently had the Eggspectation Crepe -- two ginormous lovely crepes stuffed with chicken, spinach and mushrooms... Since it was 2pm and I hadn't eaten all day, I inhaled my food, and it was tasty! Service was slow, but since it was busy, I'll give them a pass. Outside, a veritable monsoon came and went, as did a huge protest with police escorts. We had a front row seat.I went back on my birthday to try to get some more crepes, but since it was a Sunday, there was a huge line. The cafe across the street (Cafe M?) was able to seat us right away, but wasn't that great. I wish we had waited, because now it'll be another year before I stuff my crepe-hole again!
2	With me, its usually either serious love, or burning hatred.And while i dont quite feel burning hatred for Eggspectations, this  feeling certainly is not love.First off - the name.  I just cant with that name.  Seriously?  Eggspectations?Second, as mentioned by a bunch of others - this place is always packed to the brim. And in my experience, this has always resulted in sardine can/sauna like conditions.    Kind of gross, and way too loud.  Especially when all I came here to do was shake away my hangover ills.And my third gripe?  The food is majorly meh.  Its not good and its not bad.  I think that angers me more than if something straight up sucks...because at least something that sucks conjures up a few intense emotions.  this place is the culinary equivalent of a quaalude.  The benedicts Ive had here have been pretty forgettable (ive had the Florentine, the Classic and the California), and the scrambled eggs - quite run of the mill.  I couldnt really tell you anything "eggstraordinary" about the grilled potatoes.  Theyre grilled.  Potatoes,If you like you can come over to my place instead, and ill let you pay me $15 a head to sit in my laundry room in July while I whip up some scrambled eggs and white toast for you.I dont get why this place is so popular - but i guess some of you like it.  You could certainly do worse - but with so many exciting options out there - you should be doing better.
2	Second time I've been here.  The place is quite large and in a good spot.  There seems to be a more tourist crowd here, although there are many locals too.  There is a wide selection of mostly average tasting brunch items.  They do give you a lot of food though, so I think that's nice after a long night out.The smoothies are ok, but a bit overpriced.  The buttered toast is fluffy and delicious.  Also, I know Canadians love their maple syrup, where they charge you $1 for the real stuff, nothing extra for the fake (I prefer fake, yum).
3	Very functional breakfast. I had the Smoked Salmon Benedict. Hollandaise sauce was fine maybe a little more lemon would have helped and dish could have used more cheese which was the intriguing ingredient to the meal. The breakfast potatoes were very good with a crisp outer surrounding tenderness (but not mushy). Not a high class breakfast but they don't pretend to be.
3	Let me start by saying this: I do not like eggs. I actually hate them. They are quite possibly the most revolting food item in exsistance (I know, I know most people love them...). Hard boiled, fried, poached, scrambled, it doesn't matter, I can't stand the taste or smell of eggs.So when my colleague suggested we go to eggspectations for breakfast since it was across the street from our hotel... well let's just say my "eggspectations" were quite low (I know, lame pun right? Well screw you  :-P)In any case, I resorted to ordering French Toast (egg batter on French Toast is OK since it doesn't taste like eggs... that's right you just got told, son), with bacon and coffee as I do in most other egg-centric breakfast joints They were actually quite good. Finally, let me make another quick point: The service here is actually good. I emphasize that point because Montreal is notorious for horrible pretentious shitty service (See this fine example: http://www.yelp.ca/biz/tokyo-sushi-montreal#hrid:YRWhUwbcZoPO46YEji7sHQ). I might come here again if I'm in the area but I would rather eat at a Cora's for example, which has many many more non-egg related breakfast items.
3	We saw the Eggspectations sign in a few places during out Montreal trip, so we decided to try this chain. The interior decor was mostly wood, with interesting tchotchkes all over. We ordered the eggs with sausage & bacon, and it came out to $9 per person. The food was greasy, service  so-so, and the bread cold. Overall, nothing noteworthy about Eggspectations.
4	I usually try to avoid big chains when I travel, but I think I've developed a soft spot for this place. On a recent week-long trip to Montreal I went here twice for breakfast. The menu is enormous, so no matter what your tastes are you'll be sure to find several things to your liking. I am a big fan of the fruit cup and fruit plate. Loads of fresh, perfectly ripe fruit. So refreshing on a warm summer morning! I love when a restaurant serves decent fruit in their fruit cup. So often it's dull, canned, under ripe junk. Not here.  My dining companions enjoyed their bagel and lox, crepes, and muffins. Come to think of it, no one in my party had any egg dishes. Maybe next time!
4	Fun place for breakfast or brunch.  Variety of egg based dishes done very well.
4	Amazing breakfast, fresh ingredients, not a long wait, nice atmosphere with lots of customers...very varied menu, lots of interesting items I'd love to try, definitely recommend
3	Decent brunch spot, at least if you are dead set on eating downtown (personally I think there are much better options elsewhere, but that's just me). This is a good place to go if you are just hungry for a classic breakfast/brunch, and don't want any surprises. It is neither awful nor exceptional. Not super memorable one way or another.
3	I am not a lover of chain restaurants.  One of the things that amuses and infuriates me is when people extoll the virtues of one outpost of a given chain over another.  In the spirit of recently acquired humility, I have to publicly state that for whatever reason, Eggspectations in Quebec are far superior to their counterparts in Ontario.  I was in Montreal with a group and when the majority voted for Eggspectations I cheerfully acquiesced (sulked the whole walk over).  We were promptly seated outdoors and coffee/juice orders were taken almost immediately.  Although I wanted an americano, I ordered a latte as the milk tends to hide less than stellar coffee.  It arrived promptly and was --pretty decent.  The fresh OJ was really nice as well.   The server (having correctly sized me up) steered me towards one of the specials - a Montreal smoked meat benedict served over a real Montreal bagel.  It was damn tasty and everything was served just as I had requested.  The service was a bit slow, although with the major crowd circling out front I felt this was a reasonable compromise.Since everyone agreed that they had eggsceded our eggspectations (yes. I had to...) we decided to catch up there for breakfast the next day.  Almost walked out front to make sure we were in the same restaurant.  Although far less crowded, the service was s-l-o-w, almost every order was delivered with a serious flaw (friend ordered eggs benny, ended up with a crab cake underneath the egg - he's allergic)  The juice may have been fresh squeezed, but not in recent memory. The bagels were frozen in the centre.  What happened?  I discretely approached the manager and described the problems of the day in light of our stellar experience the day before.  He was very apologetic and sought to rectify all of the wrongs immediately.  I'm forced to offer a 3 star rating as a bit of moving target.  This place is obviously capable of serving an excellent breakfast, your mileage, however, may vary.
4	As if it wasn't obvious already, my favorite breakfast food is hash browns. Next on the list would be eggs, usually mixed together with my favorite shredded potatoes. If I can't have them together, I'll usually choose eggs on their own for how versatile they are. This is where Eggspectations comes in, a downtown Montreal brunch chain that specializes in all things eggs.In spite of it's cheesy name, my expectations were high for Eggspectations. Packed with locals and tourists alike, the place is considered large for the establishments around here, yet there is almost always a wait. Best find what looks worthy on the menu before being seated since service and food can test one's patience on any hungry day.The food hasn't disappointed so far. While I've had their breakfast eggs straight up (sunnyside up, over easy, scrambled) as noted in their regular platters, I'm much more a fan of their omelettes and eggs benedict, the latter of which has it's own section complete with all the benedict variety one could ask for. Favorites in that section include the florentine benedict (spinach, gruyere, hollandaise), breton benedict (crepes, ham, gruyere, hollandaise), and the boca raton (spinach, guacamole, gruyere, hollandaise). Most of the eggs are poached to perfection and the toppings make for a nice kick in the overall flavor, they just need more potatoes to soak up some of that yolk. Feel like going the traditional route? Try their regular platters and enjoy the egg-y names like the egg-chilada, (an ode to a Mexican eggs style i.e. huevos a la Mexicana), egg-stravaganza (french toast platter), oy-vegg (Jewish style breakfast), egg-CITEment (strawberry flambe + eggs), and many more creative naming schemes. What matters is the food is simple and certainly brunch fulfilling, even if there are few items under $10.In the end, this place is just a glorified Denny's with a special emphasis on eggs. It would've been fitting for it to be a Canadian chain but I learned recently it's also in Virginia and Maryland (huh?). Chains are one thing, breakfast is another, but breakfast chains will almost always get a thumbs up in my book. Eggspectations gets my vote for a solid option in good ol Montreal.
2	Stopped by here on a day where I wasn't feeling well, and just wanted poached eggs and sliced tomato for lunch.  The atmosphere is  just ok, and sort of dreary actually.  The outdoor seating option would have been better, but it had rained earlier.  The menu is quite extensive, and perhaps my experience would have been better with a truer breakfast order than just poached eggs, but the waitress said they do poached eggs very well.  Hey, just what I wanted to hear!Darn it...  the poached eggs were just ok.  A bit too watery and not drained well, so when I broke the yolk, it got sort of soupy when mixed with the water.  It was still decent, but definitely have had better.  The tomato was good.  Service was neutral.  The location is on the corner of the street, and it's a convenient downtown stop for food (they offer lunch, as well) - pricing is actually quite low - which is nice.  It is a Canadian chain, if that makes any difference to you.  I got to try local chains and individual breakfast spots, and you really don't lose on anything food-related in this great city. :)  But if you want the best poached eggs ever, I so suggest Le Cartet!  Can't beat it!   The restrooms are upstairs, at the far end of the restaurant.  With an inflamed joint in my foot from having hiked up to Mont Royal with ballet flats (yup, stupid), it was a bit of a battle to get there.  Maybe they had an elevator, but I'm not certain.
4	Eggspectations is an odd duck; a contrast of restaurant styles rarely seen among any setting, let alone brunch. The name alone kept me from visiting for months. But what surprised me most of all was how much I enjoyed the food!The name is intentional. Groan-eliciting, as the awkward puns continue throughout the menu. The staff is constantly on the run, either too distracted to serve or too busy not to fill the room. Their hours make little sense. I was all but ready to write the place off as a higher-class, expensive Denny's.Then I tried the food, and my opinion swung entirely in the opposite direction. The platter special was clean, well laid out - as well as I'd expect from a good dining restaurant - and the flavor was fabulous. (Yes, that mix of French Toast and sides I've been scouring the city for!) What first was a silly minor chain restaurant was actually a great breakfast staple for De Maisonneuve! It will lose a little allure in the Montreal Winter when the outdoor and semi-outdoor seating is gone, but this is one breakfast I know I can rely on any day of the week.
1	Usually I get just average service. Once, i saw  The hostess wearing sweats and a hoodie. She looked tired and left her post for a good 4-5 minutes.  Not presentable at all. . But i went with my boyfriend last month and we received the most unprofessional service in our whole restaurant eating career. Our waitress was talking bad behind my boyfriend's back while he was in the bathroom. Not only that but she rushed him while he was deciding what to eat. We understand it's busy and it may be stressful, but you are still the waitress and you are still supposed to be providing a service. There are no excuses. We were kind enough not to complain to the manager, but we did not tip. Would not go there AGAIN.
4	I love breakfast and for the most part, eggs are good anywhere, right? But juice ... now that can make or break your breakfast experience. And the juice at Eggspectations was phenomenal. none of that watered down bullhonkey, we're talking pulp and lots of it. Crepes were great, and a side of hollandaise will do anyone good. Definitely get there before 12 on Sunday otherwise you'll be in a line out the door.
4	Went to this location again this past weekend with two friends who had never been. Awesome food as always & we had our food probably 5 minutes after ordering which was crazy fast.One thing - their OJ is very full of pulp which I don't mind, but my friend did.
4	Really satisfying place to go for breakfast if you're in downtown Montreal. Extensive breakfast menu all day long and as well lunch/dinner items like burgers, sandwiches, pasta, chicken dishes. Delicious selection of fruit juices, but pass on the "guacamole".
4	Service was good.  Food was good.  A dependable brunch place perfect for a few guys hung over from the previous night! No more needs to be said...
4	Nice outdoor dining, really fast food preparation, and decent service. The menu is huge - we both had versions of eggs benedict (they have about 10 different types) and they were very good. Portions were huge and the espresso was not the best I had in Montreal, but good enough. Great place for a delicious and fast sit-down breakfast.
3	Went for brunch last weekend with a friend who was visiting; I had the brioche cinnamon roll with fruit, yogurt, and honey. The fresh fruit was great, but the bun was incredibly dry and stale tasting. Their bacon, eggs, and potatoes were average. Not worth it.
5	So I'm on a roll with 4 & 5 star reviews, but I just can't give this place less than 5 stars.We had an incredibly personable, friendly server here who made us feel at home in a strange land (she also happened to be from NYC, which helped---haha).The menu here made me want to come back a dozen times to try different options. And we did actually come back for the only other brunch we had during our trip rather than branching out to find something else. I had the french toast (which came with eggs, ham, etc) and was blown away. Maybe some of the best french toast I have ever had. And the ham was absolutely perfect too. It was over a week ago and I still remember everything on my plate. I'm not much of a drinker, so it was awesome that they had a full juice bar too, so I didn't feel left out while the brunchers boozed. I had the "Honey Blue" which was Blueberry, yogurt, honey, and i believe ice. It was awesome, and yes I had a second.If you are a brunch person visiting Montreal, this is the spot.
5	I ate here every day for breakfast. My favorite breakfast spot ever.
2	My Great Eggspectations were dashed by going to this huge LETDOWN of a restaurant.  First of all, the dining area upstairs in about 15 degrees warmer than downstairs which makes it blisteringly hot up there.  The chairs in the restaurant are iron or something similarly painful to sit upon.  You cannot get comfortable in these seats!  My husband ordered the french toast Flambe (Eggcitement).. awful. overly sweet and syrupy and flambeed in the kitchen.  I had the waffle with strawberries with unripe strawberries.  If the strawberries are out of season, why are you serving them? We had a couple over easy eggs on the side and our bill was well over $30.  Plus the bathrooms are dirty with a big "D". Won't be back and regret not making our way across town to Restaurant l'avenue for breakfast.
4	Ate here on my first morning in Montreal.  The front desk at the hotel we stayed at strongly recommended it.  I certainly wasn't disappointed. Eggs Benny is one of my favorite things.  When I found they had a version with guacamole and gruyere cheese on it, I couldn't say no!  It was DELISH! Our server was great!  It was very busy however he made sure we were well taken care of and had everything we needed.  Given how busy it was we were braced for a long wait.  However were surprised to find our food came out pretty quickly and was piping hot.  Clearly the kitchen crew has it all figured out! This is a great breakfast spot that comes highly recommended!  We liked it so much we went back on our last day in Montreal.
4	Can't go wrong for breakfast with eggspectations. We always go to this spot before e toto the track for the formal 1 race. We generally have 8 o so people all getting different things from eggs Benedict, pancakes or omelets and we never leave their disappointed.
4	Love the corny but creative names for the dishes. The decor is fun -- walls are also filled with plates signed by famous people who've eaten there. Pretty much everything on the menu is delicious so feel free to get your favorite dish. Also go for the fresh squeezed orange juice which is full of pulpy deliciousness -- and get a large!
4	I love myself some good old breakfast every so often but I love myself some good old breakfast when I am hungover especially. My first time in Montreal was a mix of epic, terrifying, fun and extra sloppy. I am dying to go back! I was fortunate enough to have gotten food from a few awesome locations Eggspectations being one of them. This review might be a bit lopsided because well I was just ecstatic to be alive and eating something after a night of madness. We entered and the line was overwhelming we got a name in and thus began the epic and painful wait period. Servers passed with plates of food that looked like breakfast art. I grew hungrier and finally after half an hour we were summoned. Everyone got there juice, beer and coffee on. I went with a mango blend and a shot of rum. The blend was great but the shot was some absolute fire water. The sausages! My god the sausages were good. No grit just a snappy shell and mushy meaty goodness inside. I had the mother and child to eat. Call me a horrible human being but chicken on chicken has always appealed to me. The eggs of course were awesome the chicken breast was great. It was all just great. I need to stress the breakfast here looks really pretty even the drinks seemed oddly perfect in appearance. The server was more than pleasant. For a first time bite Eggspectations did not disappoint. Would I go back? 100% yes indeed.
5	The food was great...my husband says the potatoes were  excellent!  I am a Gluten Free diner and the waiter picked up on it immediately.The service was great.  I had yogurt with warm honey and it was wonderful.  We were there on Thursday, November 22, 2012.  It was our first breakfast for this trip and we enjoyed the experience.
5	Stopped here with a friend before returning to New Jersey. It definitely hit the spot. Great great food. I got the Eggstravaganza and he got the eggs benedict. He seemed pleased with his meal and I was with mine for sure. The orange juice was delicious but it's freshly squeezed so if your not a fan of pulp let them know. I had two sunny side up eggs on two pieces of French toast with potatoes and fresh fruit. The syrup was also the best I've ever had. I would definitely go back to this place or one of their different locations as well.
2	Have you ever ordered a dish, and then when the waiter comes over with a plate and says, "[ridiculous, punny name]?"...you just wanted to deny that you actually ordered that thing?That's how I felt about the "Yolk Around the Clock."This dish was so visibly unappetizing, and once I started eating I confirmed that it also tasted pretty gross as well. The eggs were overcooked as opposed to overeasy, the bagels were burned, the cheese was burned, the "perfectly spiced Lyonnaise potatoes" needed salt, pepper, and much, much less cardboard inside.It's not that it was inedible, it's just that it wasn't very good.
5	Twas awesome. I remember having a fruit smoothie that was damn good.
4	Really good food. Watch out when changing and adding extras. I ended up paying 30$ for breakfast, ouch!
3	3.5 starsOverall this place serves a good breakfast.  Not great, but good.  If you are a fan of eggs, this is the place to go since they have it made in all types of ways, served with all types of things.  I ordered bagel egg sandwiches and three scrambled eggs to go.  The sandwiches were good, served on a traditional Montreal-style bagel.  The scrambled eggs were a bit dry - some cream or butter would have been good.  However, my son still loved them.  The potatoes served with the bagel sandwich were good - a bit under-seasoned, but with ketchup they were fine.    If we find ourselves in Montreal again, I'll probably be dining here again.
4	Great menu & pleasant occurrence upon arriving in Montreal after an overnight drive from New York (CITY!) Delicious BUT - if you have A/C - use it!
3	It's ok but I think overall there are plenty of better breakfast places in Montreal.  Their pancakes are on the dry side but their potatoes are really good.  Usually getting one of the eggs-based dishes is your best bet.
5	We ate breakfast 2 days in a row at Eggspectations on our recent trip to Montreal.  The food was good as was the service.  I eat gluten-free vegan and was able to find options on the menu.  Of course, the rest of the family found plenty of options.
4	The eggs Benedict was outstanding. I had it montreal style, done with pastrami. It was amazing. The only thing is that our poor waitress was overworked, as she was working the entire upstairs alone. Great food, but understaffed.
4	I adore Eggspectations restaurants, and I think I've been to most of their locations in the city. Their menu is quite large and diverse, specializing in egg dishes (natch), but with a great sandwich, crepe and salad section as well. Our server was friendly (despite our being a larger party, with multiple dietary requests). I was a little surprised when my mom asked if she could order just one crepe instead of two (2 are served when ordering from the regular adult menu, but one one is served if ordering from the kids menu). Despite us having two kids in our party (both of whom ordered from the adult menu), the server wouldn't let my mom order one crepe from the kids menu. (Note: the crepes are really big! No way could my mom eat it all!). Also, I was very surprised that they don't serve any quiche here! It's not on their menu at all, and this restaurant specializes in egg dishes. Soooo weird!That said, the food here is consistently good, the portions are healthy, and I like the ambiance. We sat upstairs, and all the windows were wide open and there was a nice breeze. I was lovely.
2	Visiting Montreal for a weekend, we asked our hotel what's a good french breakfast place to eat at. They recommended Eggspectations and told us it was really good. They didn't recommend any other places (a little suspicious).We went to the place and first off the seating is really close. You can hear everything from the tables beside you.The breakfast wasn't anything great, but if you love eggs you have a lot of options.The bacon wasn't cooked too well and the coffee tasted worse than Tim Horton's.The service was also really slow (We went on a Saturday morning around 10am).Personally, next time I'll do a little more research on my own and find a better place, but if you're looking for a simple north american breakfast place similar to Denny's then this is your place!
1	A few months ago I would have given this place a 3/5 because it was decent..Nothing out of this world, but not terrible either...We dropped by last weekend, and it seems like things have changed because not only was the menu new, but the food was horrendous. Tasteless, bad presentation, and stingy service..I used to come here twice a year maybe, but will definitely not be coming back. So disappointing!
4	I'd say this is more a 3.5, but I'd round up to a four. The food was quite enjoyable, but for the helpings and size, it was overpriced. Still, if you're looking for a high quality, filling breakfast and don't mind spending a bit more, this is a great place.
1	Eggspectations is an amazing restaurant but this particular branch has the WORST service on planet earth . I think the owner/manger should really consider doing something or otherwise people will stop coming . I come frequently because I live close but i still get bad service each and every time. Now i go to the Branch next to Place-des-Arts even if it was a longer walk but at least i will be welcomed with smile & I get the very simple Fresh Pepper that i wouldn't get here coz the hostess it too lazy to get it from inside .I had a dirty fork once and it took her like 10 min to get me another one and the food was cold by then & she didn't even said sorry .
2	It's been a while since I've been here and the menu has changed.....not for the better! Menu seems more mainstream now - and no potato pancakes!
4	Very nice atmosphere, food and drinks
3	I had a good breakfast here, friendly service, convenient location, and hearty food. Try the omelets with Lyonnaise style potatoes on the side. I liked their potatoes, also I could not stop eating the warm toasted buttered toast here. I cannot really say what was unique about this place, but good value for the price for sure. I'd stop here again and try other dishes.
5	I love this place!It's my favorite place to go for breakfast dining with friends and family. I go here so often that the staff even know me and usually get a table for me when I show up!The food selection on the menu is massive and awesome. There's so much to choose from at Eggspectations. They have various pancakes offered; omelettes; crepes; eggs benedict and so on. Also available is creton which I love so much!On the flipside though, the restaurant doesn't have corned beef hash on their menu as a side which kinda sucks. Also, I think the coffee could be better at this place. I like drinking coffee a lot so it's kinda important for me.Overall, I love this place. I will keep going to this place until it closes down or an act of God will stop me from going there.FINAL SCORE: 9/10
2	The menu is very enticing, but I ordered the bagel and lox and was seriously disappointed...the onions were at least a day old...dried out and chewy...the bagel seemed a tad stale, and maybe it's just me, but I've never had the bagel cut into 4 pieces....let alone when you are trying to put large onion slices, salmon and capers on it.  My wife had the Eggs Benedict California and said it was  "just okay".  This was the first place we tried for breakfast in Montreal and will not return again.  Atmosphere was nothing special, something like a fancier diner...kitchen right in the main first floor area was a bit noisy...
1	This place is such a rip off it's actually so disrespectful. Ordered a smoked salmon on bagel plate, and it didn't come with cream cheese. When I asked for some cream cheese, they gave me a small packet of philadelphia cream cheese and charged me $2 for it. No, they did not let me know beforehand that they'd charge me $2 for one packet of factory made cream cheese. That happened a couple months ago, but today my friend told me that they charged her $2.50 for a side of sour cream without teling her beforehand, so it motivated me to actually write about this stuff on Yelp.The actual food is good, although truly overpriced. I just really find this sneakily charging outrageous prices for sauces so disrespectful to its customers.
2	This particular branch leaves much to be desired! The service felt very rushed....in fact, the server was preoccupied with other things, and not only pushy, but quite argumentative. He checked on us twice, once to take our order (which he rushed through) and once to collect our money. The food was very bland, and the toast was charred when it was served. Not a good breakfast choice with so many other options in the area.
4	In Montreal for this past weekend.  Came here two days this weekend.  Not a disappointment.  Coffee was awesome.  Had Montrealer omelette first day, Montrealer platter the 2nd.  No complaints.  Was seated in less than 10 mins on Saturday morning.
1	Generally the food is pretty good; it's fast, and fresh and hot. I had the unfortunate experience of receiving the bad end with regards to the quality of their food today when I bit into a mouldy bagel. I'm not sure how it was able to pass from a chefs hands, to the manager inspecting the food at the pass, to the food runner, and then my table undetected. That is completely unacceptable and ruined my experience. I won't be back in the near future.
3	This place is good, but not amazing. I don't make plans to come here for breakfast but if I'm around, this place is always satisfactory.I was here last 2 days ago (Sunday around noon) with a friend visiting Montreal and we ended up having brunch here. She is very selective with the foods that she eats, so the menu was perfect because it is extensive and offers many dish variations e.g. pancakes with fruits only or pancakes with the all-American breakfast plate. There is definitely something for all tastes and cravings. My only complaint is that every single smoothie contains bananas, which I can't eat.We were sitting on the terrace which was nice because it was nice and sunny. In retrospect, I shouldn't have accepted the waitress' offer to sit on the sunny side of the terrace. Although it wasn't excruciatingly hot, after sitting there for a while, the sun and heat become uncomfortable. The waiters were constantly moving around with chairs, reorganizing the terrace and this was distracting. At least, we didn't have to wait to get seated and the lineup never seemed to get long enough to really call it a lineup.The food was good, not great. The potatoes are actually very good (many other breakfast places have disappointing potatoes in my opinion). The bacon was a little crunchy for my taste. The fruits were fresh and juicy.Overall, I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could. Everything about this place is alright, nothing really stands out, whether good or bad. So I will keep coming whenever I'm downtown and in need of brunch for a decent price.
5	Fabulous eggs benedict and waffles. The french toast was kind of mediocre but we came here two days in a row because of the friendly service and willing to adjust items due to food allergies. Both days I got the chicken eggs benedict the first day were the potatoes and the next day I paid a little extra for the garden salad which was pretty average. Husband got waffles first day which were excellent but the French Toast he got the second day was quite average. Tons of seating including outdoor I would love to come back
2	Disappointing compared to previous visit 2 years ago. Came for my birthday brunch. Ordered a side of Hollandaise which had curdled. Cutlery was dirty, was never given/offered a hot water refill for my tea and the waitress answer to "our ketchup bottle leaked all over our table, clothes and food" was "can I bring you another bottle?" We had to ask for extra napkins. She was courteous but clearly inexperienced. Note to management, your patio tables and chairs are nice but the tables are too high for your chairs. I'm tall and still felt awkward trying to eat. Would take much convincing to return.
3	Good food, not so great service.  You really can't mess up breakfast.  It's probably the easiest meal of the day.   However, this place couldn't get it right.  The eggs were a bit cold (who wants to eat cold eggs?!).  My husband enjoyed the smoothie and I liked the fruit added to the plate.  Also, the potatoes that come with the order are good as well.  I would go back and I would recommend this place for breakfast because, like I said, the food was good!
3	After looking at their menu online, I had high expectations (no pun intended) but I was somewhat disappointed. I went there with my brother and mom, his bloody Mary lacked even the slightest hint of alcohol, my eggs benediction had cold hollandaise sauce, and the fresh fruit was not too fresh. Overall it was an okay meal but for their prices I expect better than that. I will say their sausages were amazing, we had good service, and I really liked the decor. But I don't think we'll be going back..
2	Decent food, but avoid the grapefruit juice like the plague. Mine had seeds in it. Service isn't the greatest either.
3	Stopped in here for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. We all ordered burgers. The service was quick enough and our burgers were pretty good.One downside was that a member of our party ordered a fried egg to put on his burger, and the waitress (or kitchen) completely forgot about it. She brought it out after he was done eating, which defeated the purpose.
2	Food was good. Price ok. The hostess sent us to the 2nd floor. Don't go to the 2nd floor.For the owner to have the servers go up and down those steep stairs like that is despicable. Even a great waiter would have problem providing good service under these conditions. The serving staff is composed of students. Hence the simplest of request for a breakfast place becomes a chore.
4	I arrived here at 7am with two luggages and a friend. Our waiter kindly placed our luggages away and proceeded to give us the menu. A friend of mine accidentally had meat in her omelette (she made a mistake while ordering) and the waiter brought her back a new vegetarian omelette without a fuss. The food is great but the staff are even better!
4	This place has great food and great vibes!First of all, I'm vegan, which you might think going to breakfast places is an impossible tasks, but its not. I always get fruits and potatoes.Now let me tell you about these potatoes. They are awesome and they give you so many!My friends and partner had "real" breakfasts with eggs and so on and it looks amazing. From what they all told me, its amazing.This resto gets 4 stars because its a little pricey.
5	We visited Eggspectations twice on during our trip to Montreal.  We would have gone every morning if we could have, it was that good. It was recommended in the Montreal guide I had purchased. Great tasting food, great presentation, very friendly staff.
3	I went to this place because my friend had an eggs Benedict craving so it seemed logical. I wasn't that hungry so I was planning to just order something small. The restaurant itself was quite impressive with an old style, cool looking benches to sit in and an old school railing upstairs. I checked through the menu and the first page was smoothies (sweet!) I thought this place was looking good... I settled on a smoked wild sockeye salmon crustini with a banana java smoothie. The smoothie didn't taste like much... Could have used more sugar or anything else tasty in it but I guess I was expecting something more along the Jugo Juice level. When I got my crustinis I was disappointed before I even had a bite. You would think a crustini would be toasted... Apparently they don't. It was a sliced, limp piece of bland baguette bread with stuff piled on top. The salmon didn't taste smoked at all... It would have been so much better if the cucumbers had some sort of dressing on them to give them some taste also... Overall a very bland meal :( The staff was very nice though and service was quite quick.
