4	what can i say?  it's a 24-hour mexican shop.  their machaca burrito is pretty dang good, one of the best i've had in the valley.  tacos, bean burritos, pretty typical stuff but still pretty good when you need that fix, they're there, any hour of the day (or night).
5	Open 24hrs, Senor Taco (Famous for the Shrimp Burrito) is a must stop.The Diablo shrimp burrito is to die for, Lunch or Dinner. Ham & Cheese Quesadilla's for breakfast are great (Ask them to mix in a few Jalapenos with the ham).All my friends drool whenever they come over cause they want to stop.
5	my friends and i went here after a long day out and it definitely hit the spot.  their hashbrown burrito and their carne asada burrito is to die for.  it's tucked away behind the gas station and definitely worth the search
5	As of right now under renovation. This place is awesome! Breakfast burrito is my favorite. Everything seems to taste a bit better around 2:00am
5	Gotta give this place six stars! There's only one "Taco Stand" that comes close since Ernie's in North Hollywood closed in the '50s, and that place is in Albuquerque. We've been doing ST for years and won't travel the Beeline without stopping. Recently they've spruced up the place--looks real nice--fortunately the food DID NOT suffer.Try the shrimp burro! Their roasted pablano salsa is superior--well, maybe not with the shrimp--well, maybe.
4	Just move to FH and a lot of the locals told us about this place.  It did not disappoint either!  I had the fish taco's and my Wife had the taco salad.  Very good!  Cheap too!
5	Best Drivethrough tacoshop anyplace! They have a really nice assortment of salsas and I love the deep fried salted freshJalapenos.This is a good place for chicken tacos to go. I really think that this may be the best place to eat in Fountain Hills.
5	BEST Shrimp Tacos anywhere.  Great portion sizes.  Takes a little time to get the orders since they make it FRESH, but worth the wait.  Prices rose after remodel, but quality has remained. (Shrimp taco that is loaded is now about $3.  Fish Taco when on special is still under $2).It's open 24 hours and is busy most times of the day.  Go inside if you want to help yourself to the salsa bar with numerous salsas and veggie options.
4	Food is authentic, service was friendly (they even came by while I was eating to see if everything was ok) and the place was very clean. Overall this is a great place for some tasty Mexican food.
4	I had driven by this little taco shop a dozen times never bothering to stop until today and Im glad I did. Not only are the prices very reasonable but the food is great and I love their free salsa bar especially the red chili pepper oil. I ordered the Carnitas Burrito and went after the hottest stuff they had in the salsa bar and found it to be one of the best sauces Ive ever had on a burro. Wow - hot yet great flavor and unlike any sauce I have seen before basically oil on top with red pepper congregated on the bottom. The atmosphere is plain yet clean and the menu is very large. I asked and they recommend the surf and turf burro or shrimp burro so I will be back for that however I brought home some of that tasty spiced oil to try on my next meal. I will be back again with the family.
4	The best tacos on the planet!
4	When we pulled up to the Senor Taco in Fountain Hills, located in a run-down strip mall behind a Circle K, the 1st thing I noticed was the trucks.  The parking lot (what there is of it) was full of big trucks with construction looking tools and equipment on the backs.  I thought, "this is a good sign."The restaurant has gone through an interior upgrade, so the formica booths and tile floors are clean, but not much more.  You walk to the cashier and place your order (or use the drive thru).  It comes up in about 5 minutes.  The prices cannot be beat.  We ordered the fish taco plate and got two huge tacos in fresh corn tortillas with cabbage and fresh crema.  The rice and beans are awesome but never quite hot enough (that's why they only get 4 *).   My husband and I can get ONE platter and split it all for $6.99.  The prices on everything are reasonable and the flavors are authentic.  The folks that eat here know their mexican food.They have a self serve salsa bar with your usual salsas, and my favorite, pickled carrots and fresh radishes.  Yum.   It aint fancy, but it's cheap, quick and delish.
4	Good, quality, inexpensive Mexican food!!!! A friend recommended Senor Taco to us a while ago and we've been coming here ever since.  All of the employees are friendly and helpful. You can order at their busy drive-thru, or stop in and order at the counter. Their fresh salsa bar is amazing And, they have a Happy Hour where many items are half price! Just go already, enjoy!
4	Fountain Hills sucks. It sucks to work in, I can't imagine living there. I work in FH in a place that is so slow we don't hire enough people to let us all just leave for lunch. So for the first time I was allowed, I pulled up my buddy Yelp and looked for ANYTHING to eat around me. The only thing that was unique was senor taco, I liked that they had a menu online so I check it out and decide from there. When I got there, they were quite busy, and there was a really nice guy behind the register, I was just looking for something without onions and he directed me to the red chili carnitas burrito. They have a salsa bar and I LOVE green salsas but its hard to find done the way I like it, and they have perfected. I took the burrito to go and I really enjoyed it, I thought it was gonna be like Filberto's quality but it wasn't, it wasn't gourmet either, just a good meat filled burrito.
4	Love, love Senor Taco!! Love the fact that my food is always tasty and piping hot, and stays consistent. Also, gotta love the late hours and friendly service. Plus, if you don't feel like dining in, you can always swing through their drive-thru...
4	Yummy food at a great price.  Clean restaurant.  LOVE the beef tacos!!
1	This place just gave me the worst food poisoning I've ever had in my life!! The shrimp burrito did it to me, awful!! Nonstop vomiting, and stomach issues I will not mention for the past 2 days, and still not over it. It would be interesting to see what kind of health inspection report this place would get. Stay away, or you will be sorry.
4	2nd best place to eat in FH.Don't waste your time eating americanized mexican food at El Encanto....you will overpay and be disappointed.The Fish tacos at Senor Taco..hands down best I have had yet in phoenix...still not as good as the street stand in Puerto Morales mexico...but close enough.
4	Nice clean place with good food.  Shrimp burrito - pretty tasty.
4	My husband and I were out in a different part of town than usual and found this gem through Yelp. Great food and good prices.  We really liked it.
5	My favorite Mexican joint. Carne Asada fries are the bomb.com!
5	All I can say is WOW.  I was in Fountain Hills with family for Memorial Day and needed a good Mexican food joint and Senor Taco was it and more.  Walked in and was greeted by possibly the owner and immediately felt welcome. I  had trouble deciding what to order because they have it all.  Decided on the Diablo shrimp burrito and it was delicious with all the flavors i was hoping for.  The others I went with loved their food and of course the margaritas were refreshing in the Arizona heat. Prices are a steal especially for the fountain Hills area.  If your visiting from out of town and unsure where to go, this is a no brainer.
5	The best Mexican food our family has ever eaten including Mexico.  The owners are great, the place is immaculate and there is nothing that is not  SENSATIONAL!  We eat at the restaurant and do many drive-thrus and serve clients and friends.  They all love it.  Our sons discovered it when they were here for our youngests bachelor party.  They are still raving and coming back next week so they can religiously eat there!  Just finished our carnitas, there is no place in AZ that has better carnitas.  Every time is an amazing experience.  People like Jack F in Fountain Hills should restrain from writing negatives when its based on 5 years ago.  Not fair to such a great place.  HELLO....different owners, no negatives, an amazing place.  Sad to see people do that unfounded!  If you like Mexican this is your place!  LOVE IT!!!!!
5	Good Lord, this place is so good.Found this little gem a year ago while visiting my In-laws who live in Fountain Hills.  They had not yet discovered this place but have since been converted to addicts like me...Whenever I'm in town I eat here for as many meals as I can... Breakfast, lunch, dinner, late night (they are open til like 4 AM!).Don't be fooled by the modest location and exterior.  This place has top notch, authentic & very fresh mexican food.  From the carnitas (yum) to the carne asada (awesome) to their fish & shrimp offerings, everything I've had there is delicious.  Very generous portions from their entrees (their burritos are almost as big as my forearm) to their kids meals (the rolled chicken tacos are fantastic and very filling).The surf & turf burrito is my current favorite but it's hard to stay away from the shrimp or fish tacos...You can go ahead and skip Taco Bell because this place is the real deal for about the same price.  By the way, they also serve ice cold bottled beer if you are craving a Corona with your meal...I love this place so much, I had a picture of me holding one of their burritos as my Facebook profile for a long time...Can't wait til I can go back on my next visit there!
5	This place is deeeeelicious!!The salsa is spicy & perfect, the tortillas are the best I've had, everything on the menu is so good!My two favorites are a green chile burrito with beans & cheese or the super nachos.I hope to try the Mesa location soon & I hope its as good!! :)The only thing I wish is that it was a little cheaper, but I guess you get what you pay for.
5	Sooooo Good and open late. I do not possess the vocabulary capable of adequately expressing the food's quality.Best quick bite to eat ever. This is my late night go to place. Can't believe it's right here in FH.
5	This place is better than all the 'Bertos & Salsitas combined, especially when hammered at 1am. It's f-ing amazing. You might crap your pants afterward due to the massive size of their burritos but it would be worth it. So don your adult diapers and go to town!
5	I am a lover of Mexican food and have tried many places across the Valley; this joint is awesome. I had their fish tacos, and they were well-prepared and delicious. Their salsa bar was also very nice. What I appreciated most was that they are not stingy with portions. They included large chunks of beer-battered fish in my fish tacos (which the tortillas weren't even able to hold).I wasn't a big fan of their rice, but everything else made up for it.I will definitely be back, and highly recommend this place.
2	This place is okay just a hole in the wall to me that uses a microwave to reheat about everything. There horchata is good but everything else is cold...
4	The Valley of the Sun has it's prevalance of *Bertos taco joints--Filebertos, Humbertos, Rolibertos, etc. Way out in FH, the open late (til 3 am on weekends) and thought it's slipped over the years, there is no better deal in FH. Generally good to go with the Shrimp Burrito (even better enchilada style if you can handle that). Most of the rest of the menu is good, thought I was disappointed to find ham rather than chorizo  on a breakfast burrito.
5	The "Carnitas" are fantastic!  But so is everything else on the menu. Without exception, the best  Mexican food in and around town.  Great food, extensive menu selections, friendly and inviting customer service -- what else can you ask for?  Oh yeah!  Happy Hour Specials.....Exceptional!   Rosa
4	I went for the chipotle bacon egg breakfast burrito and didn't look back! It was damn tasty and their selection of salsas are good. I was visiting for a wedding so I'll probably never be back in Fountain Hills, but if I am I know where I'm stopping!
4	Love the location of this neighborhood taco shop. Their menu is huge, and there's lots of different things to try for me each time I visit. I ordered the rolled tacos and the carne asada burrito with guacamole. Being my first time here, I didn't know how much food that would be, but for $7 or so I couldn't resist. My girlfriend ordered the veggie burrito. The rolled tacos were excellent, perfectly fried, not too greasy. The salsa bar had a good variety of green and red sauces with varying spice levels. My carne asada burrito was huge with lots of meat and beans. The guac was just ok. The veggie burrito was much better in my opinion--I'll have to order it next time. All in all, a nice place with something for everyone. Price was right and they even had happy hour in the afternoon with great specials on beer and food.
5	Go here all the time!   The cheese quesadilla is AMAZING!!!!  Service is great too!
5	Though unlike much of Fountain Hills, Senor Taco is also a stop that no cullinary tour of fountain hills should be without.  Their salsa bar delights, especially the salsa verde.  Not a ton of ambiance inside--hence the drive-thru is a popular option.  Many swear by the Shrimp Burrito; I think their quesadillas are equally enjoyable and substantial!
5	Great veggie burrito but slightly too large for me. Wonderful fish tacos. Good margaritas.
5	If your looking for the real deal Mexican food go to SeniorTaco.  If your looking for a place to eat late night go to SeniorTaco.  There's a reason these guys have been open since 1974.  Everything I get is good so I won't recommend anything in particular.
2	The food here is ok...it's a hit or miss.  The service is what actually makes me only give 2 stars though. Tonight I was in the drive thru with 2 cars in front of me and waited a total of 17 minutes!  If it wasn't for the person behind me blocking me in and the person behind him, I would have left.  When I finally got to the speaker to order, it took forever for them to acknowledge me. I ordered and the guy repeated it back then ...... Nothing.  Me: "that's all..thanks". Them: .....nothing.  Me: "hello?". Them: "ok yeah..pull up".  You know....not sure if they're in a carb coma from the food or if they're high (or both) but...ugh...frustrating!  That long wait made me miss Seinfeld!
5	Boom goes the Taco Shop.  This is the only taco shop we'll eat at. Luckily we lived next to the one in Mesa and now near the one in Fountain Hills. Best part of this place are the beef tacos and their Mild red sauce. It's not mild.....and is so full of flavor. I buy the 8oz bowl all the time to keep in the house. I will not buy hot sauce anywhere else. Absolute YUM.
1	I don't know why I keep trying .......I went through the drive through today for some pork carnitas.....only to get home and find their mystery meat version of beef....aarrghh....had to throw it away it was so scary.  Even more frustrating because the girl on the mike made me repeat it twice and I heard her say PORK twice.  Oh well.....
1	I have no idea what crack-smokers rated this place highly (no offense - everyone needs a little help getting by some days.)  Wife and I stopped in post Christmas shopping at about 1pm on the 24th.  Sign said they'd be open until 3pm...Ordered our food and sat down.  But it's a bit tricky because we couldn't find a clean table (and there were only 2 tables taken in the place.)  We get our food and the first thing we notice is the stack of napkins (that had been put there by the friendly employee) are all stuck together with well-dried salsa (not some on-the-tray mishap, no this had plenty of time to set up crispy hard.)  Wife NOT happy.  So I hop up to get more.  Only to find the stack in the self service area (along with most of the self-serve stuff) has also been lightly drizzled with various salsas throughout the day.  Awesome!  Dig out some from the bottom that appear untouched but things are looking bad.Sit down to my beef burrito and it's, ummm, disgusting.  I don't know what beef they use but it has no flavor - the whole concoction tasted the same (if you got beef, sauce or cheese, didn't matter - one flavor and not a good one.)  The beef itself had that mushy consistency that you get with over-processed frozen dinners...  And in the spirit of healthy flavoring, there wasn't a fresh vegetable (onion?  cilantro?  Oh no, that would be muy fancy!  There MAY have been beans but we couldn't tell by looking and you certainly couldn't feel them in a bite.)Can't remember what my wife had but we didn't finish either meal.And the customer service?  Ten minutes after we get there, the counter help takes down the "Closing at 3pm" door sign and changes the time to 2pm.  We left before 1:30 and they had already locked the door.  As we walked out, two other couples tried to walk in but were told the restaurant had closed.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant! Hash brown breakfast burrito is to die for, fish taco or fish burrito is excellent. My other fav is the shredded chicken burrito. Hard to have a bad meal here. Cheap too.
5	Bomb |:)
4	Fresh. Cheap. Good... Awesome
5	Breakfast burritos are GODLY!!! Huge, cheap, flavorful - combined with their fresh diablo or tomatillo salsa makes one of the best meals you can get. Better yet, they're served all day until late night closing!Cheap, awesome Mexican food with a drive thru open as late as 3am, Senor Taco has always been worth the drive for me. From carne asada fries to shrimp tacos, I have eaten here dozens of times and have never had anything but great food.There are various happy hour specials and deals to make your meal even more affordable. There is literally nothing on the menu over $10, and most is between $5-7.My personal recommendations are limited to breakfast burritos since their classic menu is pretty damn good, but try either the Hash Brown burrito or the Chorizo and Egg. Heck, get the double wrapped Grande if you want to kill your stomach. The California Surfing burrito is also killer, shrimp and carne asada. Take the hit to your calories, because this place is probably the best Mexican I've had in miles.
5	The best carne asada burrito in town. I wish they open one in scottsdale. Great horchata and their hot sauce is the best.
5	Uuummmm.... Thank you for being the go-to place in Fountain Hills for yummy Mexican food. :) The salsa bar is killer... love the chili oil, onions, and pickled carrots!!! Glad this place is open late considering places in Fountain Hills close super early!!
1	service was horrible. walked in and smelled even though they were in the middle of cleaning up. drink came out wrong and server didn't even offer to fix it. ordered nachos - they were drowned with a pico that was nothing but onion and some tomato -- what i cud see of the carne asada on it was old and dried up. server new of my unhappiness and again offered nothing else. not even a sorry .
5	I've only had their breakfast burrito but had it twice during the same trip. So good! The salsa that they included was amazing! I wish I could buy that in a large jar, I'd add it to everything. Can't wait to visit again and try more than just breakfast!
5	LOVE!Stumbled on this place when I was getting gas in Fountain Hills the other day. It was lunch time and appeared super busy. WAIT - so did McDonald's, and I never run back to try it when I see it's busy... Um, let's see, why did I want to go back "super busy" really isn't a good enough reason.It was super busy AND it looked cute AND it was convenient to our house. There, that makes me feel better.Okay, so my hubby and I finally ventured out and north up the Beeline for the first time since we've been here. On the way home, we filled up with gas and decide to give Senor Taco's a try. It was tasty. Hubby had tacos, which had quite a bit of meat, and I had the chille relleno and cheese enchilada combo. Mine was good, but would have been better if the chile relleno was beef instead of cheese - two cheese items on the plate didn't make sense to me. Lots of salsa options that were really good. There definitely will be a next time. Next time I'm going with the beef tacos for sure.
1	Every time we go thru the drive thru. The guy that works the window always have a bad attitude like he doesn't want to be there. When we ask for green hot sauce he always seems irritated due to our request.
3	We ordered takeout.... I think it's good for a Mexican place. However I was not blown away with the food quality or taste.a lot of great reviews for this restaurant... I did not go in I just ordered takeout. But it wasn't that much better then a fast food Mexican place.If you have a craving for fast Mexican food that is decent and then you can't go wrong
5	This place is so good, the cashier were so friendly and helpful. I saw the owner there and we had a good conversation about the startup of the business, would definitely recommend this family owned business!
5	Awesome food!  The one on Fountain Hills Blvd is even better than the one on Shea.  I LOVE the fish tacos and the burritos.
5	I've eaten here several times now, and simply must add a 5-star review!Besides the awesome shrimp burritos, delicious and diverse condiments, and friendly service, I've noticed that the clientele seems particularly happy.  And with good reason!  Tonight there were firefighters waiting for takeout, which reminds me to recommend that option if you don't have time to stay and eat in.The menu extends far beyond shrimp, but the shrimp burritos are particularly juicy!  Totally worth making a turn off the main Beeline highway.  :-)
1	I think I must have gone on an off night. The food was not good. The chicken was very very dry and slightly difficult to eat. It was fast and easy which was what we were looking for at the time but the food was unappetizing. The service was great and friendly.
2	The food here is definitely subpar.  I ordered a hard shell shredded chicken taco, and it was unappealing.  It had no flavor, and the shells were soggy.  The chicken was flavored with salsa, but it tasted like it was flavored with some cheap tomato sauce. The rice and beans were unremarkable as well.  The only good thing about the meal were the chips.   Unbelievable to me how the Phoenix area is lacking in decent Mexican restaurants.  With such a large Hispanic population, I would think there would be a better selection.
5	I really like this place!  Been going for years and years.  Rolled tacos please!  This place is like a Filibertos or something, just way better!
5	Delicious. Authentic. Fast. Consistent. Friendly. Well priced. So happy to have 2 locations in the neighborhood
5	An authentic, delicious, affordable hole in the wall with drive through restaurant.  My children loved the bean tostada and steak taco.  I enjoyed the shrimp burrito.  Restaurant was clean and seating was nice.
3	The other locaton in Fountain Hills is better than this one but still only average.  I tried this location a few times but the last time I went I was served cold enchiladas with dried out rice in my combo, the beans weren't bad.  Yes, I mentioned the enchiladas and rice to the guy behind the counter and he could have cared less.  No offer to replace the food or refund or even a "Sorry."  Also, this location could be cleaner, the other location is always pretty clean.
5	good
5	Sounds like another Mexican fast food joint wrong wrong.  This place has a huge menu with Mexican dishes from breakfast to dinner there is something for everyone. The burritos and quesadillas are huge and tasty.  Everything is reasonably priced.  A great place to get your authentic Mexican food craving fulfilled. Love their refried beans!
4	Yum!  Breakfast burritos are freaking awesome. Their bean and cheese burrito is very good. They gave a drive thru (its all made fresh so there is a wait)but god. Lots of salsas to choose from and specials. We stop to and from work often.
5	Love this place. Not the fanciest looking joint, but it has the best Mexican food I've ever had! Well done!
4	Well, this place won my loyalty just with the generous portion of avocado on the shrimp tostada. It was delicious.Hubby had the chorizo torta, he thought it was OK. I also ordered a tamal, just for fun, it as good and very reasonably priced.Service was nice and friendly too.
5	Excellent food Great quality Huge portions The restaurant on Fountain Hills Blvd Rocks!
