2	Well that was disappointing. I didn't see anything here that would make me want to pay 39c per ounce when other nearby popular places only charge 30c. Less flavors, less toppings (the flyer says over 50 but there are only 27 bins?), and the store is just ugly (and a confusing layout). The quality wasn't as good either - the red velvet tasted like cough syrup. No thanks, I'll stick to Yogurtland.EDIT:I got a nice message from Branden P, "Owner", in my inbox."Youre a fu*kin f*g! Come back to Vegas you h*m* and Ill kick your fu*king a$s for writing your bullsh*t review. I got a hacker friend going to find out your IP Address. Wait til I come to your fu*king door  and review YOU!!! lol"In response to his public comments, my review was written 8 months ago when the price was 39c and according to other reviews it has since been lowered to be more competitive (which is a good thing). It's easy to accuse someone of being a shill, but I definitely don't see any indication of that in my other reviews - particularly as this is the only yogurt business I've reviewed. I just happen to prefer Yogurtland for self-serve in Vegas. (And for the record, I'm a financial analyst in the consumer finance industry - nothing at all related to the restaurant industry.)
2	I waited for the "Finally" sign to be taken down to give this neighborhood place a try.  I drove over tonight, and I was disappointed.  The place is SO bright.  Wow!  It assaults you when you go in from a dark outside.I also was struck by the lack of different flavors.  I was ready to try the Red Velvet mentioned in the earlier reviews, but it wasn't on tap.  I was also surprised by the lack of toppings.The yogurt market is certainly a buyers market, and I'll continue buying at Yogels or Chill.  They have a much better selection of everything.
3	How many times is the "Yelp Sucks" free yogurt promo good for?  You do realize that the only ones that will know about this promotion are people that reads Yelp reviews.Are you going to give me a free yogurt knowing that I will go back and give my honest review of your establishment?  Also I rarely give 5 stars rating to any business, and many others too.  Since 5 stars is like saying that there are no room for improvement, and let's face it, it is human nature to be imperfect.BTW, I met Norm K recently, and I know he is a retiree who spends his time hiking and writing blogs about it.  But if you want to continue to think that he and anyone that leaves less than glowing remarks here are all your competitors, and just out to get you, are are only going to succeed in losing potential customers.And do you really think that your approach to any reviews that is under 5 stars from Yelpers the way to get any positive feedback from others that rely on Yelp reviews?  Dissing Yelpers and accusing them of being associated with other fro-yo competitors is 1) admitting that you are not open to constructive criticism, 2) only feels that flattering remarks should be posted, perhaps even by yourself or friends and family, 3) you are clearly too emotionally involved with each and every Yelp review, which is not going to be healthy for you.  I can probably list a few more insights/observations, but I will just give say one more thing, which you can do with as you please.  There are many ways to handle Yelp reviews, recent articles have even been written by Restaurant Business writers, but you will really need to reflect on your actions to see if it is one of the smart ways of addressing Yelp and other online review resources.--- UPDATE (7/25/2010) ---So after the UYE Cheeburger event, of which I might have been the only one who showed up to do their 1# burger of your own invention.  I decided to call a friend to meet me at I Love Yogurt, which I had planned to visit since last night.So here is the review of the actual visit.  I like the bright (very white) and minimalist 80's theme decor. Did you know that such details are even extended to their bathroom :)The yogurts come in 12 varieties (Vanilla, Capt' Crunch's Peanut Butter, Red Velet, Strawberry, Cheesecake, Cake Batter, Chocolate, Dulce de Leche, Mr. T Original Tart, just to name a few).  They have the usual toppings, including the mochi bits. But I have to say that some of the fresh fruits were not looking too fresh (Blueberries and kiwi), while others (raspberries and blackberries) were in excellent condition.I tried Red Velet (didn't care for it, but it is also my first time trying it anywhere), Cheesecake (okay), Dulce de Leche (I enjoyed this one) and Capt.Crunch's Peanut Butter (pretty good, and I am not even a peanut butter kinda guy).  Also tried my friend's Mr. T's Original Tart (not tart enough for my taste).Staff: friendly and in sexy 80's inspired outfits. It is not the same as visiting the Vietnamese coffeeshops in Orange County, but I am also not complaining about seeing a nice looking girl in tight t-shirts and short shorts tidying up while the place is not busy.Owner: seems like a nice enough guy. Interacts with the customers, carrying on conversations, offering frequent visitor's card and extra "stamp" on the house.I personally think that it is on the right track, and with additional fine tuning will be a sustainable business.Wi-Fi:  I believe that there is free Wi-Fi available, since one of the customer asked about it, and I see her surfing the web shortly afterwards.Price: $0.39/ozSeating: Indoor (around regular tables and tabletop arcades) and Outdoor (2 umbrella tables set up outside, although it is still way to hot to be practical).Public Area Cleanliness: Health Dept will give an A rating, and the girls keep it nice and clean after each wave of customers goes through.Perfect after Chinese at China One (same plaza, just walk across the parking lot) or grocery shopping or hitting up the BofA or Wells Fargo ATM.
5	So I don't really write reviews unless I'm blown away. That is exactly what happened to me yesterday! The yogurt and atmosphere were great, but what makes me want to come back was the excellent customer service. These guys really get it and you can see by all the smiling faces in the shop. My daughter is a yogurt freak and we usually go to U-Swirl next to my house. We will now make the drive down the street to I Love Yogurt. Plus, you don't have to twist my arm for anything 80's, lol. I can't imagine anyone writing negatives about this joint. Hey, it's a free country to write anything, but some of you yelpers need to lighten up. Try opening your own business some day to let folks judge your art and passion. Overly-scathing reviews not only hurt feelings, but drive away business from hard working Las Vegans. IMO
5	Five stars is not enough to express my love for I Love Yogurt. Maybe it's because I am an adult stuck in the 80's or maybe it's because I eat frozen yogurt almost every day and happen to know the difference between generic flavors and out of this world fantastic ones. When I first walked in all that I can compare my happiness was to the scene in Willy Wonka when they walk into the factory and everything is edible. It's appealing to all of my senses with the vintage candy, cereals and boom boxes! Not to mention the 80's movie playing. They offer unique flavored yogurts blended to a smooth perfection and toppings to satisfy any desire.  Truly a dream come true. They also have old school video games and Simon Says on one of the tables and are open late.  I went with the Captain Crunch yogurt and topped it with my Magic Shell and rainbow sprinkles! To my delight this made my horrible day at the office fade away. Hands down this is my favorite yogurt shop in town. You can count on me being back again and again.
4	The first time I came was opening night, and I must say that I hated the yogurt. I really wanted to love this place, but I felt really let down. When I got there, there was a huge crowd and no one was eating yogurt because it hadn't thawed yet. After waiting an hour or so and perusing the parking lot and the Albertson's near the premises, my boyfriend and I came back to try the yogurt. The consistencies were all different. Some flavors were runny, others were too hard, and some were just right. The topping bar was pretty awesome though. They had everything from cheesecake pieces to fruit, and whatever else would go in a topping bar. After that, I kind of decided I wasn't going to go back because there were better places for frozen yogurt.That was until one night in June (I think...) they ran a promotion where if you came in between 10 and midnight, you could get free yogurt. I was craving yogurt in the first place, so I decided to go. It was so much better this time around! My favorite flavor was red velvet cake, and mixed with the cheesecake pieces, it tasted really good. I haven't been back since June, but hopefully some other night when I'm craving frozen yogurt, they will have some awesome deals posted on their facebook wall.
4	The first thing I always look for in a fro yo place is if they have my flavor; peanut butter. Not only do they have my flavor but the atmosphere goes back to the time I was born.. I'm talking about the 80s here. That's right, eat your fro yo while playing pacman at your table. Even their restrooms are cool to look at with their aqua net hair spray and other old school things. All the way back to their old school candy rack. Best of all it's open late especially for being on the summerlin side, far from the strip.
4	It's a hit or miss with this place because they change out the flavors frequently.  I love the overall atmosphere because they have a lot of retro, old-school games and stuff.  The theme goes throughout the place, even in the restrooms.  The toppings are a little far from the actual yogurt, but I need the exercise so I can't complain.When they do have good flavors, I enjoy it.  When they don't, I don't get any.  But the little arcades they have make up for it.  Sometimes it's bright, sometimes it's dark.  A lot of things are "hit or miss." Lol.  It's not bad overall.  I had better, but this can suffice.. ^_^
5	Great customer service, enjoyable/fun atmosphere, and always changing flavors and toppings! A must see in the neighborhood/area!
5	4.5 stars from me!This yogurt place is sort of hidden in Summerlin but it's the best frozen yogurt place in the Vegas area although I do have a few little suggestions to make this place a little better.  First of all I love the old school games here!  It's so cool to feel like a kid and eat ice cream (frozen yogurt actually, whatever- tastes the same to me) and play pacman.  The QUALITY of the toppings here is what makes this place better than the rest.  The toppings taste fresh, candy isn't stale like some of the other places I've been.  You pay more for quality here, the prices are higher than most other frozen yogurt places, I got a little sticker shock when I paid at the counter.  Overall this place is super cool, I'll be back here again for sure, and I'll still load up my cup with the yummy togurt flavors and toppings!
4	I decided to go back and give I Love Yogurt another try.  I still don't care for the white interior.  It's a personal taste, and since I don't eat inside that often at any Yogurt place, I can get by this.I tried the Red Velvet and Pistachio flavors.  I added three toppings--cookie dough chunks, coconut, and mochi.  I was impressed by  both flavors.  They were very flavorful and creamy.My big problem tonight was there were so many flavors I wanted to try, but I couldn't try all of them.  This means, I'll have to come back.  Since this is about the closest serve yourself frozen yogurt to where I live, I guess that' what I'll have to do.  And, after visiting Pinkberry's in downtown LA this week, I know more than ever why I prefer self-serve rather than we'll do it for you.Note to fellow Yelpers:  After 3 check ins here, there's a 25% discount.  I think I'll reach that plateau quickly.  I'm glad to see I Love Yogurt has made some changes with their flavors and their operation.
2	Long overdue.This place is mediocre. If anything, I'd come here more for the games and candy than the actual yogurt. When I went, it was very empty. Just me, my boyfriend, a mom, and her son (or daughter). The mom and son seemed to be the family of the cashier that was working there because she kept going and sitting at there table. We went because they had a promo for free video game play going on. We thought it'd be poppin' but we were wrong. The place is very white and very retro looking. It's pretty cool, as long as they keep it sparkling clean at all times. I've definitely had better froyo. Their selections just seemed so ordinary, especially all of the names (probably because I used to work in a frozen yogurt joint and I have seen so many cartons and selections of yogurt). I normally go directly to the tart flavorst, so I got some Mr. T tart along with other flavors like peanut butter and red velvet. They really didn't have many tart flavors, but they did have a lot of the fatty sounding ones like butterscotch, cake batter, red velvet, and chocolate cake. I didn't get any toppings, just because I never do. I recall the yogurt being a few cents more than average, but they justified their prices by saying it's because you get such "great" quality. No runny, icy, or flavorless yogurt. I found it a little weird that they felt they needed to explain the price...We got some free game tokens and played some games. They had a wide variety of games to choose from, but all I remember is Pacman. It was fun and pretty entertaining, so entertaining that I forgot about my yogurt, so I took a moment to scarf it down. The Mr. T was not tart at all. It just tasted very plain and nothing stood out about it. The other flavors were alright, nothing I'd come back for though. What I would come back for is definitely the games. We played a bunch of video games and finished off with a few long rounds of Simon, which was pretty awesome. I LOVE the game Simon now. I went home and tried to find it online, but that shizz is soo expensive!Pros:-GAMES!-Cool decor-nice, chillax ambiance-friendly staff-lots of candyCons:-Location!- bland yogurt flavors and some were actually RUNNY when they came out of the machine-boring flavors...they should experiment with better names to suit their theme and jazz up their flavors a bit*Stating things like "You will never be a business owner" "I'm sick of you wanna be worthless food critics" & "You obviously were picked on in highschool" via message from the Owner is very unprofessional!*Apparently the owner's Yelp account has been hacked for almost a year now. Wtf... They're either lying or don't have their Sh*t together.
5	Great yogurt! Everyone was very nice. Great flavors & great names. We got a punch card and will fill it up fast!
5	Loved the frozen yogurt. First place  I have been to in awhile that I was able to eat what I purchased. A lot of other franchises and major chains didn't have yogurt as rich and thick as I Love Yogurt. Even with me being on the weaker side of Lactose Intolerant, I was able to stomach most of it. And I liked the fact it was self serve. I wasn't bound to buying and consuming more than I normally would want. I was able to get a comfortable amount of frozen yogurt. The atmosphere was a overall ok. Good place to bring family and friends (maybe even a date, maybe). Definitely will be going back.
5	i guess i need to come to terms that i am an i love yogurt addict. after hearing about how awesome they are from the owner of Retro Bakery (Kari who i adore with her awesome cupcakes) and my old friend Tim I had to try this place. I begged my boyfriend night after night for a froyo date. He finally gave in and we made the 15/20 minute drive up to Charleston and 215. we walked into an 80's wonderland. Memories came flooding in. we were greeted by a nice man at the counter who I want to assume was the owner. he was extremely friendly and great on the customer service. he gave Dan and I some sample cups where we sampled tiger blood. yes yelpers. you read right. TIGER BLOOD. ok, maybe i should say it is really red velvet, but come on. as charlie sheen would say, they are "winning" right there. we also sampled the marshmallow fluff. hello yogurt heavens. you have really done it this time. my taste buds are surprisingly madly in love. other flavors sampled were the captain crunch peanut butter (really strong and really amazing) and the funky monkey banana mix. i can't even pick a favorite they all were so good! we filled up our cups at 36 cents an ounce we couldn't go wrong. dan got the marshmallow fluff and vanilla and topped it with rice krispy cereal. he unknowingly made a rice krispy treat froyo style. i think it is my new go to! might i add that they were offering peeps for toppings when i was there friday night? purple peeps! and crumbled poptarts! along with many other fresh fruits, candies, cereals, sprinkles, and other goodies.i love yogurt you have won my heart. you are worth the drive for my froyo and 80's gaming fix. donkey kong is going down when i come back!be sure to check the bathroom out while there. get those spikes ready for when you head back out for a night on the town. don't forget to grab a stamp card either. you know you'll be back. at least i will be. weekly. hey, i have no shame here.
5	My new favorite fro-yo spot in town!  Awesome theme, great flavors, great toppings, a fantastic staff, and sit-down 80's arcade games!  What more could you ask for?I personally love the 80's theme here!  I'm a product of the time period, so it really connects with me.  Awesome 80's pop music, the hair metal bathroom, Star Wars figures, retro logos, toys & candy from the 80's, and Garbage Pail Kid cards (c'mon, where else are you going to find these blasts from the past!).  They offer ridiculously good flavors too!  Each flavor is very well prepared and tasty, not watered down like you'll find at most of the other yogurt joints.  Personal favs are the Oreo Cheesecake mix, Cake Batter, Tiger Blood Red Velvet, and the Marshmallow Creme.  They consistently switch out a few flavors, each with their own cool and creative name.  And they pick the best pairings for the middle mix, something a lot of the other fro-yo joints fail at doing.The toppings is bar very on time too!  Everything from the candy and fruit toppings you'd want, plus unique ones like different types of cereal, magic shell, marshmallow fluff, strawberry fizz, and of course mochi!  You can even get bowls of cereal here too if you're in the mood, which go well with the Saturday morning cartoons they play.I love a good video game too.  I'm a 80's arcade game lover since that's what I grew up playing.  I honestly don't even like many of the newer or modern video games out there unless they involve shooting people (don't judge me!), so I always play the classics that are here in the arcade machines like Dig Dug, Frogger, Donkey Kong, and Ms Pac Man whenever I stop by.  I don't know what it is, but delicious frozen yogurt and Dig Dug go so well together!The staff and owners are all super nice and friendly too!  And for updates on deals, new flavors, and other good things related to the store, follow them on Twitter: @ILVYOGURT
2	If this were the first froyo joint in Vegas, I'd probably give it four stars. I love the concept of mixing the flavors I want, and the small amount of each I'm able to take.But this is one of many now, all competing for my froyo dollar, and I Love Yogurt is way down on my list.  First, the interior.  I don't like the theme.  Period.  Second, the owners have developed a method of making a yogurt that's heavier than any of the other competitors' stuff.  But heavier doesn't mean better, just pricier, and quite a bit at that.I wasn't blown away by the choice of flavors, either.  Give me the taro, guava tart, mint chocolate cookies, and coconut at Yogurtland, and I'm in heaven.  At least on the night we visited I Love Yogurt, I had a hard time finding any that sang to me.  Though it's not all that far from where I live, it's out of the way from anywhere I'd be coming from if we've just had dinner and wanted dessert, so I probably won't be back anytime soon.  And now that Yogurtland is about to open a branch on Lake Mead Blvd., heck, that's where you'll find me.
5	I've read some of the other reviews on here for this place, and I'm wondering if there's a possiblity that they were either at a different place all together or simply on crack! I Love Yogurt is a fun place for couples, families, friends, and even those rolling solo. The interior is like a blast from the past. I feel like a kid everytime I walk in! The yogurt is so good, and there are always new flavors to try. I've actually done some birthday shopping there. They have cute 80's toys and memorablia. Besides the awesome atmosphere, totally rockin' merchandise, and delicious yogurt, I love the staff. My favorite guy is one of the owners! He always has a smile on his face and a joke to tell! I always go in after work around 10pm and I stay til closing. Basically, the bottom line is that you have got to go to I Love Yogurt every chance you get! And don't forget to check out the bathroom... even if you don't have to go!!
4	Tis the season of warm weather and what better to do on a sunny day than enjoy yogurt? I Love Yogurt was an excellent way to start the froyo season. I wasn't alive during the 80's, but I enjoyed the decor. Old school candy, toys, arcade games, music, and multiple screen television panels made it a lot more interesting than your average yogurt shop. Plus they had old school Ninja Turtles playing on the front television. I haven't sampled all of their yogurt, but I noticed that the yogurt seemed to be thicker. The marshmallow flavor was pretty interesting. I thought it was a nice touch to have cartoon characters on each name tag of the yogurt flavors. Unfortunately for me they didn't have any mango or pomegranate flavors, arghhh. There were some interesting toppings, strawberry yogurt bites and cereal. They did have lots of syrups to add onto your yogurt though. Yogurt is 36 cents per ounce, not bad, not the cheapest or most expensive in town. If you aren't down for yogurt they do have AYCE cereal for $3.99, pretty cool haha.I would come back, especially after a hike at Red Rock Canyon to cool off my face.
3	Like my review of Cherry on Top, I rate a frozen yogurt place based on the interior and ambiance since the flavors pretty much taste the same from one shop to another. I discovered I Love Yogurt from a Groupon and thought, "what a neat idea, the 80s is my decade." I think the concept is great and the availability of retro candy is cool. However, IMO, the execution on the interior is on the budget side and kind of reminds me of a arcade that popped up near my Jr. high in LA. Perhaps the lighting spectrum is on the high side?
5	My boyfriend is a sweets lover! And I always go for fro yo to watch my figure ;) so I love yogurt is the best!!! It's colorful, entertaining, and brings back memories from my childhood with the decor. There is an amazing variety and unique from all the other frozen yogurt places.( I have been to tons in Vegas)!!! When you choose the flavor you walk over to the toppings, boy there is not one topping they don't have! From fruits to candies and liquid toppings and, don't forget the hot fudge! The staff is great and the manager is dedicated to his store. We will go there again for sure!!
5	I swear I thought I just wrote my review on this. I orginally typed a bunch of detail.. but to sum it all up.1 Star: Location! The plaza it's in really bites. I Love Yogurt is the place to chill, literally chill.2 Star: Theme! 80s theme, and I can't get enough of it. You can place your fro yo to the side, and play arcade games on the game tables!3, 4, 5 Star: Peanut butter & Red Velv Froyo on the same day?! To die for.
5	Yay @ILVYOGURT! I love yogurt and so why wouldn't I love a place called "I love yogurt" Hehe!Ahh this place is so cool both in terms of their cool, refreshing yogurt and also cool in the sense of their theme. This yogurt place is dedicated to the 80s. Talk about funky and fresh- this place is unique. Hot pink, neon green, sky blue and bright yellow is all over this place in terms of their walls, chairs and even their spoons and cups. They have a wall dedicated to old school candy and other goodies like hot wheels. They have tables where you can play connect four and other games. They have posters with 80s cartoons like the Garbage Pail Kids and Teenage Ninja Turtles.They have an autographed picture from Chuck Norris and Charlie Sheen. It's a total blast from the past.Even their yogurt offerings have cool 80s names for their flavors. Among some of the ones I saw were: "Super Mario Power Mix: Strawberry cheesecake" and "Capn Crunch Peanut Butter." They have "Chuck Norris" flavors of the week and a "Holly Madison's favorite: Cake Batter." The neat and unique names make it a lot of fun picking out what yogurt flavor to pick!They have a variety of toppings to choose from such as mochi, cheesecake bites, candy, animal crackers, diffferent nuts and fruit and many more. They even have strawberry fizz! Fun! You can also top your yogurt off with different syrups.Yogurt is 36 cents an ounce which is a little pricier than some yogurt places but it wasn't too bad because we got two yogurts for a little over $8. The yogurt combo I got of cake batter/peanut butter/cake surprise/cookies and cream topped with mochi, white chocolate and strawberry fizz was delicious!Yay and because I love yogurt, I will be back to I love Yogurt!
5	Played an old school version of Connect Four with the kid while she drank her BubbleGum Slush Puppie and I ate my Cookies and Cream/Cake Batter yogurt.They have a couple of old table top arcade games, but there were people at them so I don't know if you have to pay for them.The decor looks like a kids bedroom from the eighties: Garbage Pail Kids, Star Wars, E.T., and MORE Star Wars. Great atmosphere and desert.
5	When you walk in to I Love Yogurt you realize you have stepped through a time machine into the 80's!  Love this place!  Not only does the yogurt taste AMAZING (LOOOVE the fat free marshmallow), but the names of the yogurts are even more creative than Crayola crayon colors!  My favorite thing about the store is David Hasselhoff's favorites!  So funny!  Many yummy toppings and a very friendly staff tie it all together and make it an amazing experience!  Check it out, and have FUN!
5	Wow! I finally decided to stray away from THE STRIP and take a short drive to what I heard got voted "The Best Yogurt in Las Vegas" by the Las Vegas Weekly. When I got to there, the windows were closed due to the sun and I figured I would just be walking into a regular Fro-Yo place. Low & Behold the second I opened the door, I literally felt like a kid zapped back to the 80's into a Chuck-E-Cheese meets Willy Wonka 80's Cartoon. It was amazing. The place was super clean and every candy from the 80's and toys were lined on the shelf. My eyes were all over the place but my stomach was telling me try to yogurt asap, so I asked the girl at the counter who was super friendly and she told me to just grab a cup and go to town! WOW WOW WOW, they were not kidding when they said Best Yogurt, The flavors were incredible! My favorite was MR. T's original Plain Tart & The Vanilla was seriously bursting with pure flavor and nothing tasted artificial. I sampled the strawberry & also Holly Madison's favorite Cake Batter. TASTE BUDS explosion! Needless to say I was beyond impressed. Then out of the blue in walked Celebrity Australian Chef CURTIS STONE with his pregnant actress wife Lindsay Price. I was immediately distracted as Curtis is one of my favorite chefs. He smiled & went straight for the yogurt stations. I figured wow, if Curtis was getting yogurt in here, this must be the real deal. He's got excellent taste. From the 80's video games to the bubble gum 80s retro vibe, this place is original in it's theme as not being just your typical FRO YO joint, but what I really liked was it lived up to the taste of being truly the best yogurt I have ever tasted. I highly recommend anyone visiting Las Vegas ( especially with kids) to take a short drive away from the strip and check out I  Yogurt! I can't wait to visit again, hopefully Curtis Stone will be in there again, he's awesome!
4	This is my neighborhood frozen yogurt shop.  The '80s vibe is pretty nifty - I especially appreciate the "Simon"  & "Don't Break the Ice" games, Rock 'Em, Sock 'Em robots and "Pacman" machines available.  The yogurt itself is good & tasty, and there are a nice bunch of toppings available.  The sweet topping, such a cheesecake bites, brownies, Heath bar bits and other chocolate-y delights are readily available, as are nuts, but I sometimes yearn for more fruit than just the normal strawberries, blueberries and lychees that are available everywhere.  I must love I Love Yogurt... I'm on my second "frequent eater" card already!
4	I regret that I waited so long to try this place.  I just wrongfully assumed it would be overpriced because of the location but it's about the same as most places.  They have a huge selection of flavors and a cute 80's them going on.  It's just a fun place to be in.  I love the Red Velvet and Pumpkin!  They are open late which is perfect for when I get a late night craving!
4	My favorite Yogurt shop! Has about 8 flavors but all of them are made of high quality ingredients. It's really rich and thick you can def tell the difference between this place and other places. The owner is super friendly and if you go there a bunch he will stamp the hell out of the yogurt card so you get a free yogurt. Highly recommend!!
4	the 80's theme is neat. I was marveling at all the star wars action figures in the upper windows...me being a collector of those myself!They had really great flavors and an impressive selection of toppings.there is a challenge here, where if you eat so many oz. of yogurt, you get to take a pic wearing the DEVO WHIP IT hat!!!ALso there is various 80's merch to buy.A fun place, came with hubby and kiddo. We all loved it.
1	Wasn't worth the money. The strawberries for the topping were soggy and gross
5	Great yogurt, fun atmosphere, and great service! I will definitely return!
1	I thought I loved yogurt. Isn't that what I had here? Oh, so you're saying that I didn't. So what did I have? Frozen sugar water? I'm so confused but that would explain the water-based crapslush that plopped into my bowl. Why would they advertise yogurt when they don't even serve it. Perhaps renaming to 'I Love Fauxgurt' would be more accurate... And so the ol' bait & switch tactic prevails.
5	Had to update! I cant get enough of this place! They just remodeled and got new machines. It's so awesome! I Love this place. I heard about it recently in a blog where they called it the top Frozen Yogurt in Las Vegas and its True! They just remodeled the place and it looks amazing! Check out the new Giant X WING Fighter from Star Wars... plus the super cool Slush Puppie Machine!!! I cant wait for the one near me to open next to Slidn Thru Burgers. Two of my favorite places in the same shopping center WHOO HOO!!!
2	Out of all the yogurt places in the Vegas valley this is definitely the worst. Weird employees and low quality yogurt. I think they are trying to be cool or edgy... Failing!
3	I deducted 2 stars because the yogurt was not that frozen - actually kind of runny and melted fast.  Otherwise, a fun place and fun staff.
5	I was visiting Vegas with some friends and one of them was raving about this eighties themed yogurt place that we just HAD to go to!  Well, being a child of the eighties, I was game (plus, I do love me so froyo!), and I am VERY glad he convinced us to go.  The place was awesome!  It is full of eighties stuff: action figures, video games, eighties hits blasting on the speakers.  It has a variety of flavors and toppings and you make it the way you like it.  They also have a ton of cereal toppings and slushies.  I made mine with three different flavors and about ten different toppings and was in heaven.  If you are in Vegas with friends or the family, definitely make a point of checking it out. You will not be disappointed - this place rocks!
5	Love this place! Place def brings back some cool memories thanks to the decor and I'm a huge fan of the peanut butter yogurt. Cannot beat it, i'll be eating this stuff into the winter. Not to mention the staff is great as well. I'll make the trip a few times a week from the SW for this place. Totally recommend it!
4	I am absolutely in love with this place. A true gem! They have a fantastic array of flavors, the staff is so charming, and there's really no better place to go to feel like a kid again (could I sound more like a 60-year-old??). It's just simply refreshing.
5	im not really a fro-yo fan. but coming here after a wedding weekend hit the spot. the marshmallow fluff gave me foodgasms Mmm mmm mmm! i'm strictly an ice cream girl but this place made me a believer. if you like old school decor circa the 80s and video games and old school candy i recommend this place. whoever opposes is a hater! the staff is oh so sweet just like the many treats they have.  i will definitely be back whenever i come to visit Vegas. Get your kids in here too. This place will show them how we used to have fun after school. Go to a lil sweets shoppe with your sweetie or buddies play some games and enjoy! :)
5	Woohoo! My first review!I've been using Yelp (and that fancy monocle feature on the iphone ap) for quite some time now but I've never actually left a review. I've finally decided to contribute rather than just using other people's reviews to help support my addiction for unique culinary adventures.Anyways, on to I Love Yogurt! This place is perfect for those who enjoy  mom & pop shops, frequenting small businesses or just hanging out in a fun atmosphere that you really can't find anywhere else. If I just described you, then you have to go here at least once. My kid loves it because of the games and colorful decor, and my wife and I love it because of the nostalgia.If you are content with the usual homogenized chain yogurt, custard, or ice cream spots, then this might not be the place for you. However, If you are looking for a local spot that you can't find anywhere else with a friendly staff, throwback decor, a sense of humor, and a solid selection of tasty treats then you've got to check them out. I'm sure you'll become a frequent customer. It's so nice to have a hidden gem like this in Vegas. P.S. Make sure to try the Holly Madison cake batter! I bumped into her here and she said that she's a regular and suggested it. It was Fantabulous!!!!!
5	This is the best FroYo (because I'm hip and cool and down like all the cool kids so I say it FroYo) place in Vegas hands down, bar none, take my word for it! It's 80's themed...has quarter video games...has board games...has a consumption challenge...and has hot fudge! Also they onetime had a giant Stay-Puft Marshmellow man outfront, I don't need to say anything more.
1	I have been to this place 3 nights this week and it has been closed all 3 times. The door says it closes at 10p and 11 on the weekends. I arrive at 9:45 and it's completely dark inside. Good product but never know when it's open and they havea disconnected phone.
4	Decent Yogurt...great selection & toppings!I had the Cake Batter+  Captain Crunch Peanut Butter yogurtswith butterfinger & Honey Graham toppings.Open Later than EVERYTHING else in the area on weekdays.We just happened to be looking for dessert when we came across this joint.SO amazing! I love retro gaming & the gremlins on the wall??To die for.Me and my Dad played Galiga until she told us they were closing up.haha--after gambling out in Vegas, this really ended my night great.^-^
2	A small selection of Watery runny synthetic muck that had a faint taste of Play-Doh.  We had the cheesecake, chocolate milkshake, vanilla & cookies & cream, and they were all terrible!The toppings were all unlabeled and certainly no Ghiradella chocolate here; just the cheap plastic-tasting waxy kind.The place was clean & well maintained with a retro 80's theme; unfortunately that doesn't make up for this grossly inferior and overpriced product.    The worst faux-yo I have ever had.  Uber-Yuck!
4	I didn't expect this froyo to be this great, but I really did enjoy it. They didn't have a huge variety of flavors, but they had the essentials, so I was happy. One thing I saw here that I haven't seen anywhere else yet was the different colored mochi pieces! They were really yummy, too! After a long fun day at Red Rock, this was the perfect place to come a cool down with my friends.
1	This place deserves zero stars. They only had about 6 flavors and they were horrible. The yogurt was like a runny ice texture. It was so bad that we actually had to toss them in the trash. The only thing going for them is the topping bar. It was great. They had a lot to choose from. But seriously, if I wanted to eat just a candy bar or gummy bears I would just go buy them at the store. I do not see this place lasting long, especially with all the competition out there like Yogurtland ( which I love).
1	So 1 star..... "Why Sean?, enlighten us" Ok, I will. The place is cute, cool 80's theme going on, nostalgia all over. However the "yogurt" isn't yogurt at all, its frozen flavored water stuff, not creamy, not the right consistency or viscosity (been waiting years to use that word). I challenge you to allow a portion of your selection to melt and witness the non yogurt substance at the bottom on your cup. "But Sean, did it taste good at least?" ........No. I was puzzled when eating it and am puzzled to see reviews praising the quality of the product. But look for yourself (at other reviews) and you'll see I'm not alone in my assessment. I love yogurt too, so I'll go elsewhere to get some since this place doesn't carry any. ***Change the name of the place to "I love flavored slush muck" or just sell hot dogs. Call it "I love yogurt" still but sell hot dogs instead, that way you'll be selling something not indicated by the name sarcastically and not because you're cheaposOwnership feel free to contact me for further suggestions, I have this notepad I've been writing stuff in since 02.
2	It's taken me several years to write a review on this place. I have watched it evolve and become what it is today, a place to point at stuff on the walls and say "cool." My inner child loves this place. I love the memorabilia,the video games,  the names of the yogurt flavors, and the self serve toppings bar. The adult in me is not a huge fan. The flavors aren't very flavorful, they never change, and I'm not 100% sure it's actual yogurt.  The staff of teenagers can be mouthy and rude. Careful asking why the toppings aren't labeled, they'll bite your head off and make you feel stupid. My husband and I stopped going for months because of a mouthy teenage girl that worked there. I don't go here for awesome yogurt. I go here to set my inner child free. I go to watch Carebears, play Connect Four, and eat all the toppings I can. Everyone's gotta go at least once.
4	Whenever possible I try to get some type of ice cream, yogurt, or custard.  But lately, I need to watch the blood sugars, so whenever possible when I go to a new place, I always check out if they have sugar free or no sugar added and today I was able to get it here!This place has a large number of flavors and all the usual toppings, but they also have some fun soda's that are different, not to mention the toys available to play with while you enjoy the yogurt.
4	Super close, and is very clean.   I love the flavors and the decor (in the old school 80s style crossed with a soda parlor).The prices aren't bad and it's so close to anyone in the Vistas or Paseos that you can almost walk to it.  Well, you could walk to it, except the heat currently is starting to go crazy so who would want to?In any case, definitely worth visiting.  I think it's the first stop this summer in visiting all sorts of frozen yogurt places around the Las Vegas area.
3	The yogurt itself is average to good.  The fruit toppings did not appear fresh at all at 8:45 pm.  The place was clean.  The staff was friendly and helpful.
4	My daughters love this place.  I have never had a problem with the service; the teens they hire are very nice.  It's not the best yogurt ever, but they have a great topping selection and the yogurt without toppings is not bad.It reminds me of my childhood having grown up in the 80's and 90's.I like the chocolate obsession flavor and captain crunch peanut butter.They have those table top arcade games which are fun to play too.
4	Always friendly service, clean tables, the froyo itself is pretty damn good but not incredible, topping selection is solid...neat decor
4	good yogurt flavor options and toppings, fun 80's toys everywhere
5	Great frozen yogurt, good prices. Tons of topping choices, staff is always nice, love the retro feel of the inside.
5	I love froyo, and this place is awesome. As a child of the 80s, I appreciate the whole thing. The table games are neat, and the collection of retro goodies for purchase are nice. The yogurt is tasty as well. My favorites are Captain Crunch Peanut Butter and Stay Puft Marshmallow. I have never been a topping person, so I cannot vouch for them, but the selection looks good. The service has been great everytime I have been in. This is a very great addition to the area. I appreciate having a neat yogurt place in the neighborhood. I really also like that my child enjoys the ambiance and novelties of my childhood.
1	Yuck! Yuck!My husband and I decided to treat ourselves as we live a couple of blocks away and want to support our local businesses. Biggest mistake. Upon entering we were hit with the smell of sewage. Bathroom back-up? That's always appetizing! I usually ALWAYS go with my first instinct, but did not this time. We should have walked right out. But stayed. We were the only customers and decided to share a small cup. The yogurt tasted old and had a certain sourness to it. Blech!! We sat and attempted to play Connect Four, but the checkers were grimey. The smell, bad yogurt, and uncleanliness resulted in a dismal date night experience with the hubby. Will never go back or recommend to anyone!
1	So this place has gone downhill, fast.First off, the teenage girls I have had to deal with working there have been too engrossed with their boyfriends or whatever to be of any service and it felt as though we were inconveniencing them.  Trust me, I get it, not that many years ago I was a teenager and trying to do as little to get by on a bad job as I could.  But have some pride and remember that if the customers dry up, so too does your income.I can deal with crap service for convenience sometimes, so long as the product is good.  My latest visit culminated in horrible fro-yo (U-Swirl will get my business from now on), poor service, and even the toppings were stale as hell.  This place is the closest fro-yo spot to my place of residence and will no longer be getting my business, nor the word of mouth recommendations from me to visiting climbers.
5	Yum yum yum!!! What a fun atmosphere for anyone like me who grew up in the 80's!!! The yogurt is low cal, delicious, priced right and just too cool for school! Grab your miss-matched chuck Taylor's and hop in your Delorium for a cup of nostalgia.
3	I went here for the first time yesterday.POSITIVES:  The price was okay.  The atmosphere is awesome.  I feel like I have walked into the 80's with video games, beat box, and skateboard memorabilia.  The place sells unique candy, games, and cereal!NEGATIVES:  The employees really need to wear uniforms.  It kills all of the work that the owners have put into branding and making the store look nice.  Yogurt/toppings are just okay.
1	I was highly disappointed with the quantity of flavored yogurt, small selection of toppings and to top it off the young lady behind the counter had her girlfriends at her workplace, I know it's a 80's theme and it attracts teens but it's unprofessional that the employee and employees friends would sit there and talk about their customers and give dirty looks behind my sisters back and when the employee noticed that I looked at her she gave me a fake smile. This location needs friendly employees to retain recurring customers. I want to feel welcome and not uncomfortable and feeling like I'm in high school. I will never go to this location again I rather drive down the street to Swirl and pay more for a better selection and friendly service.
2	I hate to bash it because I want to support our local neighborhood business.  BUT... the yogurt is terrible, like the worst I've ever had.  The decor is lame too. Dazzle Berry down by costco is really good.
4	I Love Yogurt is a very reasonably priced yogurt place with tons of 80s themed chachkis.  In addition to flavors and taste that rival most of the other mainstream yogurt places, you get to check out a genuine MR. T cereal box and a Ghostbusters proton pack!  They also offer a solid variety of toppings such as mochi and brownies...again more than some mainstream yogurt places here in Summerlin.  If I am every in the mood for yogurt, this is probably the place for me.  They offer all the right flavors and toppings at a kickass price!
4	Yogurt was pretty good! Love the 80's games and nic nacs. My favorite was the Back to the Future hoverboard! Staff was friendly and the store was empty for a Saturday night.
1	I have no idea how this place has good reviews unless it's from the owners or a kid. They have a cool concept, no variety at all, focus more on kids then adults, it is definitely a sugar sweets place that targets kids and you can tell by all the candy up front. Also the middle handle that mixes both flavors together shoots all over your hands and when you say something they tell you it happens the first pull but after it's fine. Worst yogurt place I've been to in Vegas since the 21 years I've been out here.
5	I love this place, great atmosphere, the employes are great and you cant beat the prices, i normally im not a big fan of frozen yogurt but this place is pretty incredible.
5	Yummy yogurt and good atmosphere!
4	I am so glad we found this little place.Super fun place to go with family for a yogurt ice cream.The flavors are interesting...did I mention Captain Crunch Peanut Butter? Or Cake Batter? YUM! and a ton of toppings to go with the fun flavors.The best part is the 80's decor, and the games all around to sit and have fun!
3	OMG OMG OMG !  Ok watered down yogurt...but holy awesome especially especially if your 80s baby I mean from Slimer hanging on the wall and a bunch of TVs playing the Ghostbusters and a montage of the state Puff marshmallow Man even Mr. tea ice cream and Madonna mango yogurt and ET cereal I mean just awesome awesome stuff just go once at least just go for the atmosphere at least !
3	Even though this spot is within walking distance of my house I still prefer U-Swirl and Yogurtland. Personal preference but I find their flavor options and texture more to my liking.  I didn't feel like traveling far so I stopped here last night.  I was happy to see they have some different flavor options than they usually do, pumpkin, peanut butter and a chocolate variation I can't remember the name of.  I am deducting a star because the brownie bit toppings were as hard as rocks.  I'm surprised I didn't crack a tooth.
