5	Visiting this place is like hitting the motherload.  Seriously.  I can't leave without finding at least 10 books to take home for, like, 5 cents total.  Plus, the staff are highly knowledgeable and there are rooms for community events and classes you can go to.  If they paid more than $7 an hour, I'd say working there would be my dream job.
4	Bookman's is so...  big...  I couldn't even believe it the first time I went there!  I was first mesmerized by all the toys, like Star Trek action figures and random stuff like that, but eventually found my way to the science fiction and fantasy section.  Likewise, it was huge.  They seem to have a lot of books in more narrow categories than you would find at most used book stores, and they also carry non-book items like gifts and video games.   (of which my boyfriend bought several)  This place is so much fun, but far enough away from home that I don't come nearly enough.
5	Like F.O. said, discovering Bookman's is like hitting the freakin' motherlode.They have so much stuff it's uncanny. It's like what pawn shops would be if they weren't filled with seedy people and crappy, overpriced merchandise... and, y'know, if they had books.Books, magazines, action figures, board games, video games, puzzles, CDs, DVDs, electronics, camera gear, random tchotchkes... It's worth going regularly to discover what they have at the moment. You never know when you're going to find a smoking deal on some thing you've wanted forever (or never knew you wanted).They even stock VHS, audio cassettes, LaserDiscs, and vinyl, if you prefer older technologies to newer ones. And all the employees are so friendly and knowledgeable and generally awesome... Just go already!
4	Wow... it's just so... BIG!I can't walk through this store without finding at least 5 books I want to buy, and usually also games for my DS or GBA. The staff are helpful and friendly, the selection is HUGE, and the prices are tiny.Trade in your stuff for new stuff or just go buy more stuff, this is the place to do it.
5	WOW! Thank you fellow Yelpers for enlightening me on this Literary Wonderland!I have to say I was really impressed when I walked in, not only at the vast selection but the fact that everything was so neatly organized and clean looking. (see pics)I took my daughter and a bag of books, so that she could get some new reading material. She got $24 for her trade and was thrilled to walk out with a stack of new books to keep her busy.I enjoyed walking around looking at all they had and being taken down memory lane as I saw alot of things I haven't seen since I was a kid.All the staff were friendly and helpful and they get pretty busy, you wouldn't believe the boxes and boxes of books and things that had accumulated since we first got there. It took them awhile to tally up our credit amount but we didn't mind, we were too bust taking it all in.We have a ton of books that we've read and will definitely return to trade them when we need something new to read.
4	I finally got a chance to stop into bookman's and check the place out.  The place is really big, with a huge selection of books, tapes, records, and all kinds of good reading.  I was pleased with what I saw.The place is organized like a traditional bookstore, by fiction, travel, etc with signs above for easy location.  I also think they have authors listed in alpha order, giving some kind of sembalence to find what your looking for.On the downside, I felt that I couldn't find a place to sit and read.  I do like to sit and grab a book off the shelf and read a bit if i have time.  I felt that I could not do that here. I only noticed one couch located in the front of the store.  It was literally in front of the registers.  Not very relaxing to try to sit and read when you have a milion people walking in front of you.  Plus, if someone sits down on the couch, forget it!  I like some seating throughout the store for random reading sessions.
4	You know how some people are in desperate need of help for their gambling problem, or their problem with alcoholism? I have a huge problem with purchasing books constantly, at a faster rate than I can read. The end result? I have holes in my pockets from where my money was, prior to going to the book store. The solution? A bad ass book store that sells used books!Bookman's is an orgasmic haven for bibliophiles alike. They have a huge selection, with books I have never thumbed through in places that I usually frequent (i.e Barnes and Noble.) Whenever I have the chance of going, I always end up with a satisfactory smile on my face. You will not be disappointed with the vast selection of books and movies, and computer games. It's like an oasis in a barren desert.So, if buying books is your vice, and the prospect of going into rehab doesn't appeal to you, go to Bookman's. The prices can't be beat, and you'll be able to pay your electricity bill again, enabling you to be able to read at night.
4	Bookmans is the media geek technofile book hound pop culture Mecca in the Valley of the Sun. The store is wall-to-wall used books, CDs, tapes, records, DVDs, VHS, magazines, computer games, console games, electronics, comics, etc. It's everything one should expect from their used media store. Looking for your used music store to have a guy in a tie-dyed shirt? Check. A punk rock chica with tat sleeves and cool piercings? Check. A section of the store dedicated vinyl? Check. NES and Sega Genesis carts? Check.Whenever I've gone to Bookmans, it's been a beehive of activity. A surprising number of people are always browsing, buying, selling, trading, etc. This is part of the reason I give Bookmans only four stars. As a victim of their own success, Bookmans is always slightly in disarray and that the staff overwhelmed by customers to the point that they can't restore order, e.g. it always seems like some idiot has  decided to dump all the CDs he couldn't afford into A "Pop" and not a trip has gone by where I haven't found fiction books in just about every other sections of the store. There is almost always a line to pay and if you have a large box of things to trade on the weekend, it's going to take a while for them to review it. I think of this as my time to browse,  but I have to make sure I'm planning on spending an hour or more in the store.All that being said, the staff is the best I've ever seen in a store of this type (especially considering it's largiosity)  the prices for buying, selling and trading always seem to  be reasonable (especially when the alternative is putting a lot of time and effort into eBay) and the return policy is one of the most liberal I've seen in the business (especially in this day and age when CDs are so easily ripped to computer).Oh... and although I've never seen a customer using it... they have free wi-fi.
5	Best used media store in town, hands down. Open late (til 10pm), and dog-friendly to boot (leashed, of course). How cool is that? Me and my pooch like to hang out here a few times a month, browsing the stacks. They've got everything here: books, magazines, comics, video games for all platforms, action figures, sheet music, music on CDs, records and tapes, movies on DVD & VHS - think I might even seen a few laser discs... And porn of course (in the brown cabinet left of the entrance), if that's your thing :DGot some trade? Drop it off on the counter on your left. They'll give you a playing card to identify your stash and an E.T.A. I don't think I've ever had to wait more than 20-30 minutes for the verdict - of course I'm usually browsing for a lot longer than that. They pay pretty well. Not as much as Zia for music and movies, but they'll take stuff that Zia won't. Your choice of cash or trade credit, which is broken out into 'A' & 'B'. A is good for anything in the store, B is just for books.
5	I really love Bookmans. Their huge selection of used books is the best in the valley. In many instances they have a much broader selection of harder-to-find books, in store, than all the retail chains, and I've found that even when the retail chains have what I'm looking for, they always have to order it because they don't have it stocked. Specifically I bought a book recently on alternative healing from Amazon. I  paid $4 over the cover price (unknowingly) because I wanted it so badly and couldn't find it new in any store. I didn't even think to go to Bookmans, but when I was there this past weekend, I saw TWO copies of that book in very good condition for less than half the cover price. It shouldn't have surprised me but it did. The store always surprises me. They've got such a wide array of stuff, from electronics to used magazines to DVDs. It's a bargain shopper/reader/collector's paradise~!
5	I have been going to Bookmans since I think middle school. As far as used CD/DVD/Video Games, this place beats all.  Even though I no longer buy hard copies of CDs, I still go here looking for video games and DVDs for real cheap. They have an awesome selection of everything. I also collect vinyl records and Bookmans has tons of vinyl. My wife likes looking through their huge selection of magazines. They even have toys and stuff that would interest the kids. Oh yeah and the endless amount of books. Reading is not my bag of chips so I know nothing about their book collection. Reading is lame. They also have a 18 yr. + closet for all you perverts out there.
4	I've been to Bookman's a fair amount, both selling and buying.  On the selling side, sure I feel a little stiffed, I know that the books I sell to them are sold at twice the amount.  However, those are books that I know I no longer want, and are simply taking up space on my bookshelves.  Selling them to Bookman's gives me a chance to recoup some of the initial cost, and also gives me an excuse to browse around and acquire other books.  The only reason I'm not giving Bookmans a full 5 stars is because... well... I'm somewhat of a snob... and I wish I didn't feel such a compulsion to clean myself whenever I walk out of there.
4	I am a big fan of Bookman's.  This is THE go-to place for used books, music, magazines, and even video games.  My mom used to bring me here all the time when I was a kid reading all the Goosebumps books because they always had at least one book out of the series that I was dying to get my hands on.  Then I graduated to the Animorphs series... I totally miss that.  Again, they always had what I was looking for, and always at under 4 bucks!  Unbeatable.  I don't come here as often anymore because I have one of those fancy eReaders and my husband downloads books for me, but I will probably stop by sometime to check out their cookbook selection.  I've always found the staff to be pretty helpful too.  The best part is, when you go to trade in your books they always give you a fair and honest deal, allowing you to trade for cash or in-store credit.  Hooray for used book stores!
4	I have been going to Bookman's since it opened up. They used to be a lot cheaper, but that was almost ten years ago, so did a lot of things back then. You can still purchase vinyl and cassette tapes, and their selection of off-beat books is unparalleled. Also, it is THE PLACE to buy magazines.Besides the price hikes (mostly on the media) and the increased pickiness and stinginess involved with selling, I definitely frequently recommend Bookmans, if for nothing other than the ambiance (and the lady's restroom). The sales people are nice and helpful and nobody is pretentious at all.A good place if you're looking for obscure books or to get rid of your pile of unwanted books, with maybe some money in exchange.
4	I'm a big fan of this place.  you can often find me in the Bio, Graphic Novel, travel, music, and cooking sections.  great selection of magazines, too.  Bookman's is kind of a victim of their own success in a way; they are getting overstocked and now they will barely buy anything as far as books go;  your best bet there is Half Price books, which will take almost anything.  Still, it's a great way to spend a couple of hours and you can find some treasures here.
4	I love the smell of bookstores - new or used it doesn't matter - you can smell the stories in the air.  I love to read, and can easily read a book a day, more if I'm sick or it's the weekend.  But I hate the cost of new books.  That's one of the reason I love Bookman's.  First, they have great prices on used books, and a huge selection.  There are all the bestselling authors you would expect, but also many hidden gems.  They also are very fair with trades.  I'll bring in a box or two of books, and while they are deciding which ones to buy, browse the isles.  It's very easy to get lost in there for hours, while I go through all the shelves.  Most of the books are in good to excellent condition, and by the time they have sorted my books out, I've usually managed to find enough to eat up the earned credit.  They also have a HUGE selection of magazines, DVD's and games.  The store is well organized, but because it's a used bookstore, also like a treasure hunt.  I love to scan the shelves for that unique looking binding (Who cares if I'm judging books by their covers!?!)  There are some chairs scattered throughout the store, so you can grab a pile and dig in, to see what you really want to get.  About the only thing I don't care for is the random crap they have - knick-knacks and paddy-whacks and random garage sale items.  Those take up space that, in my opinion, could be used for MORE BOOKS.  I'd rather buy crappy dust collectors at a regular second hand store.  They are still interesting to browse through, even if they aren't what I'm looking for.Overall, it's good for your wallet and the planet - recycling books is a winner anyway you look at it.
4	Best place in the east valley for gently used books.  I make this my first stopping place when it is time for another book.
4	I think this place has undergone a recent renovation. It looks pretty nice, but I kind of miss the old, homey Bookman's of my childhood. I've been going here since I was a kid, trading in and finding books. There is always something here, although I've found that looking for something specific is often fruitless. It is great for wandering around, picking out hidden gems and wasting away an afternoon.Bookman's is the best for trades, though they can be picky - my normal technique is to take books to Bookman's, usually take B trade for them, and then take the remainder to Half-Price Books (at Half-Price, they take everything but pay pennies for it).
5	Bookman's has been totally remodeled and looks great! All the aisles are more easily navigated and the store seems to flow much better. Before it Not that I thought it was bad before but you can tell they've put a lot of effort into making the book shopping experience easier for customers. The multimedia section has expanded too and is no longer cramped into a small area.They've also added a lot more seating! There's tons of comfy chairs and couches to lounge on while looking through their enormous selection of books. Yay!
5	Hands down one of the best bookstores! The trade counter has come in handy from books to dvds. I did buy a cybershot camera storage disk once and had to return it because it wouldn't load in my camera. (huge error message) I returned it and I HATE returning things! The saleman was extremely nice and gave me back my money without me having to show him what my camera said. He told me it happens and they buy the items at a risk, but he was just as bummed as I was considering neither of us benefited. I tell everyone I know that needs to sell or is looking for something to go here, and they usually have good luck with it.
4	A typical trade in store,  although bigger than most ive been to.  I like this one better than their other locations mostly because the college kids tend to stay out of it so there's actually stuff worth buying by the time i roll out of bed.They have a great literary selection, bad ass blues section, and i always find some random vinyl.  My beef with this place is whoever does pricing has NO CLUE apparently how to look up values online.  You'll have a brand new re-press going for 30-40 bucks!  I love minor threat, but if im gonna shell out 40 bucks its sure gonna be original pressing.Helpful staff, decent return policy,  and, on occasion, the fact they dont know the worth of things works out in your favor.  (yay body count 1st issue  LP for 7 bucks!)
4	There was a time when I'd look down my nose at Bookmans, and I'll tell you why.  I am a typical guy (read:slob) and yet I have some ridiculous idiosyncracies.  Like books.  I love new books.  When I read them I barely open them so that the spine doesn't get all cracked.  I don't write in the book.  I actually use a bookmark.But since indigence has shunted me down a few rungs on the socioeconomic ladder to the caste of the untouchables, I find myself open to new things.  By new things, I mean old things.  Like ratty books.So my wife and I have a ridiculous amount of books at home, because I want you to come into my home and think I'm smart.  Plus, we were both humanities majors, so we have a really strange assortment of books about totalitarianism, eastern european feminist writings, italian-immigration stories, you name it.So we brought in six grocery bags of books.  Here's what we learned.-don't look for cash.  they'll offer it to you but it's roughly 15% or less of what they'll offer in trade.-they pretty much don't take hardbacks.-they look for weird books, which surprised me.  super-popular books are usually overstocked there.-they want plays-they want books they've never heard of-if you let one person look through your books, sometimes another buyer there will buy a few of the other buyer's rejects.-the books that are there for purchase have little prices written in pencil on the first page.And while the prospect of in-store credit may make you cringe, they have a ton of possibilities.  dvds, cds, even records!  and lots of books.  old magazines.  you can definitely spend money there.it is, admittedly, a bit ghetto.  but we're in a recession, right?  and on your dying bed, will you really care if the book you bought had already been read?
4	They have a great selection of books, I can usually find what I am looking for (as long as a movie hasn't just been made about it). The music selection is good too but not as reliable. They also have video games and used systems, you can find some real gems since they still carry past gen games unlike a lot of other game stores. They recently remodeled and the place looks better than ever (and easier to figure out. One of my favorite parts of this place has always been the fact that they have immaculate bathrooms. They are so nice, especially for Mesa!The people here are great, they are always helpful, the only problem is when they are already helping someone it can be pretty hard to navigate all the sections to find a boko by yourself if you don't already know where it would be.They have great reccomendation areas where I have found a lot of books I didn't know I would like.They also usually have a great selection of DND books! since the new version came out it has been more sparse but while 3.5 was coming out the new books were usually there a month or so after release which was great.
5	Great used bookstore to pick up magazines (lots of current issues), craft books (I'm always trying something new), books for the toddler and kids DVDs (there's a point where the library demands their Disney DVDs back and you have to buy your own to satiate the toddler's appetite).  My only desire is that they were a little closer but c'est la vie!
5	It's my first time here and this place already rules. So hard. I'm like on a first date and writing a seemingly premature five star review while I'm still on it. This place is a real dreamboat though, you don't even understand. Cheap and plentiful. Totally packing. Seriously, sometimes you just know when it's absolutely right. Damn, he's back from the bathroom. Sigh. Bye.
4	I love Bookman's, I do. I want to give them five stars. But I'll have to offer 4.5 for one little omission: no self-serve info kiosk. While I like to browse, I am often operating with partial information such as a title, but no author name... and I really wish I could just find a computer to search on. This is actually probably more of a knock on myself since I'm sure they got compukers behind the counter and can look up info for me. Nonetheless, I kinda like the convenience of being able to trot up to a keyboard and type in stuff... as inspiration for my browsing.I am hooked on the whole book exchange thing though. Once I figured out that you could get decent store credit by bringing in old books, I set about ridding my bookshelves (boxes, more like it) of those books I've already read but still have laying around. I'm also newly motivated to finish reading books I bought and never started... all in hopes of exchanging them for fresh reading material.Great well-lighted place for books. I have already become a regular visitor.
4	Ah, Bookmans, it's an Arizona staple.  Warning: All of my Bookmans reviews are going to be very similar!  See last paragraph for information specific to this location!Like all Bookmans the selection varies from day to day and you have to rely on the help of the staff (which is awesome by the way) or by searching the bright orange shelves.  Prices can also vary from item to item (example: two copies of the same game but one is $5 cheaper is common) so make sure you grab the cheapest one!This Bookmans recently got a huge facelift in 2009.  It's better organized and has a cafe in one of the front corners by the magazines.  This location has a great electronics section, carrying video cards and various pieces such as RAM and sound cards.
3	I like the Bookmans mini-chain, but the book selection at this store was kind of sad. There were lots of empty shelves especially in the nonfiction section. Maybe they need to move some books from their other stores -- or offer sellers more money. The North Phoenix location is way better.
5	No one's written about the cafe yet, so I am going to do so!Simply put, this is the best coffee in the world. I know, I know: *everyone* says this about their favorite coffee shop, but in this case, it's true. They use Intelligentsia as their coffee supplier, which is some premium stuff, and the beans are always 9 months from having been harvested or even fresher. Honestly, I dunno how much of a difference the age of the beans makes, but SOMETHING in this coffee is amazing. I've compared this to the proposed "best coffee in the world" in Tucson, and this is leagues above. Seriously, try this coffee.Their food is pretty good as well. Nice solid selection of sandwiches, a few side salads, some good pastries and gelato (I'm not a big fan of gelato, so I can't vouch for the quality of it, though).They also did a lot of work on the layout of the place. The cafe is roomy, with plenty of seats for reading, free WiFi if you have your laptop with you, and a magazine section right next to it if you want to do some light browsing while waiting for your order. It also has great lighting and a really good atmosphere overall.Now, on to Bookman's proper: it's Bookman's. Cheap books, cheap video games, cheap consoles, cheap hardware; there's some stuff that you can't find anywhere else (not a lot of places sell old PC games, for example). They have a good return policy, cool people, and you can trade in your stuff if so inclined.
4	I really like Bookmans, especially since they took a lot of my VHS that were just sitting around taking up space. And they gave me a lot of credit for it. I can usually find a book to buy with that credit. I do wish that their electronics section was a little more expansive... but I know it all depends on what people trade in.  Anyways, I'm a fan. Glad to support a local bookstore instead of a chain.
3	The Mesa store looks a lot better since they remodeled it, but unfortunately it's still in Mesa. lol They are sometimes picky on the books they take though. Last time I was in there: I'm a big Star Wars nerd, and so I have lots of Star Wars EU books. Well, they took something like 2 out of 25. By the way, while I was browsing I looked at the Star Wars section to see how many books I would likely sell, and they only had 3 or 4 that were duplicate titles. Same with Clive Cussler books. I get the whole trade in process stuff, but it would be nice to not have to back 20 times to get rid of all my books.
4	Before I board a plane, my go-to place to pickup the latest magazines for cheap to leave on the flight for the next bored customer.
4	Wow, what a difference a remodel makes when it's done right. Major props to the design star who took this interior from shab to fab!They now have a cafe which serves edibles such as gelato, sandwiches, baked goodies and coffee drinks.When my wife and I came in to cash in on an ages-old credit slip, there was a vocalist/violinist and guitar player performing in front of the magazine rack. The singer was entrancing, which tempered my annoyance to the fact that they were blocking access to the Guitar World issues I came to peruse.The checkout and book buying areas look fantastic. It just feels right.
5	This is, far and away, the BEST used bookstore I have ever been to.  Everything is well organized, including the children's area, and everyone is friendly and knowledgeable.  This is a large store too.  It is probably the largest used bookstore I have been to.  They have a cafe too.  How many used bookstores do you know of that have a cafe??  Used books don't smell quite the same as new ones but I still love it!  A book is a book in all it's glory.  I will be bringing my used books here from now on.
4	How can you not just love Bookmans?  It's remodel has only made it better!  I can spend hours searching on books on any subject then find my way to the little cafe for a yummy chai latte.Why not 5 stars?  I'm bummed they did away with their request system.  It's also really hit or miss with what they will take in trade.  I can take the same box of books in one day and they take a few.  Next day, they will take a few more.  Not quite sure why.
5	I aways love going to Bookmans they have a book, CD, video game, DVD, magazine, or some random item for everyone. I have never left their empty handed and everything is at a good price. In case you didn't know, most everything at Bookmans was owned by someone else, but everything is in good to excellant condition. It would be safe to say that Bookmans is a "green" store recyling all those books an magazines. One of my favorite things about the place is the magazines. They have a large selction of used magazines with the "Current" month for only $1.50 a copy for most. Love it!!!! In case you get thirsty they also have a cafe & free wiFi.             Remember their logo "Reading is not a Crime"
5	I've been here once on a recent vacation to arizona I liked the store and if I had one in georgia id be a regular :)
4	I fuckin' love Bookmans.  I imagine if Bookmans were a person, it would definitely be a lady with an obsession for pop culture and literature.  And she'd be like 90 years old and smoke a lot of weed.The amount of books and movies that they have is staggering.  I've been here quite a few times and I know I've never walked around and looked at everything that they have to offer.  Each time I'm there, I spend a minimum of an hour.  I look at their movies, their books, their children's section for cheap VHS (got the Lion King for like $2!), video games and all their badassed N64 and SNES titles then I grab a thing of gelato.It's not just entertainment, either.  My girlfriend bought some cheap champagne flutes here, too, which was kinda rad, considering how clumsy I am and how many glasses I break in a year.Behind the counter, they have some amazing shit I want.  If I were rich, I wouldn't feel guilty about dropping a couple hundred bucks on a vintage Star Trek model of the original bridge.  After I get my millions of dollars, not one inch will be free from Star Wars and Star Trek memorabilia.
4	I have been a fan of Bookman's since high school when I got my entire Senior AP reading list for about $50. It was about 100 books.That was a while ago, and justifiably their prices have gone up a little bit. Bring your old stuff, they will sift through it, hand some back and give you a credit slip for store goods for what they keep. Good deal for crap you just have collecting dust in your place anyway.They just added a coffeehouse recently and I am impressed with the quality of all of their coffee. One gripe (and the reason this local AZ business doesn't get my 5th star) is that they use an out of state roaster for their coffee. The coffee is good, but there are many many talented roasters here in the CenPho area who would be more than grateful to get a piece of that AZ pie too. Just food for thought since Bookman's was founded, and thrives due to AZ cash, maybe spread the love to other AZ businesses.Other than that I love the place.
2	Reduce, reuse... good ideas to live by.  Well, last weekend, my roomie and I were reducing our book collection and decided to take 2 Trader Joe bags of books into Bookmans so someone else could reuse them.  We dropped them off at the front and then browsed the store while they figure out our exchange rate... cool right?  Well... kinda.  The problem was that, even though a lot of our books were cool travel books and fiction reads, they said they only wanted  2 books from both of our very full bags!  Then they ask if we wanted to donate the rest.  We said sure but, I might go back in later to see if our books were really donated to a cause or if they were donated to the Bookmans cause.  Seems weird that they only wanted 2 books out of about 20 books.  That was a $7 credit.  Oh, and I'd recommend going to exchange on a weekday, not Sat or Sun.  They were way busy in the exchange dept. and then we put the books we'd picked out down and left because they had a HUGE check-out line and only 1 register going.  Really?  This was my first experience and I think it ruined me.  In general the store was well organized, has a lot of variety of books and other media, has a cafe and, has comfy chairs to rest in... but I'm not sure I'll ever be back, even to use the credit.  So... I guess we 'donated' all of our books, which is fine so long as they're actually donated.  Prolly won't see ya there.
5	I found a new copy of the Gourmet cookbook for $11 here! And there's free wi-fi! And good coffee! I think I'm in love.
4	I have to admit, I am a fan of Bookmans and have been a customer for years.  The atmosphere is generally laid back and comfortable, which is not common for a lot of stores.  They offer a wide and often eclectic selection.Now, I've noticed a few comments that are a bit toward the negative side due to not having many items bought.  After having traded with this company for years at many locations, I can tell you, or in some cases confirm, a few points.  When making an offer they look for items that they think will sell (it is a business, not a charity, after all) as well as items that they do not have a large stock of.  They are human, so one buyer may have a slightly different opinion of what looks good or what they consider overstocked so if at first you do not succeed, give it another go if you're in the area in a couple weeks.  They may not have needed it today, but things, if even the buyer, may be different next time around and you may very well get something closer to what you want.The staff is often friendly and helpful.  I've seen them bend over backwards to help me get what I want.  I've seen a few folks have off days but, again, we're all human.  The few visits that have not been stellar have been made up for time and time again.  I'm very much a fan and rate Bookmans Mesa 4 out of 5 stars for being pretty dang good at what they do and for being one of the greener companies out there.
3	Selection of books, magazines and such- 4 stars.Latte at coffee bar- meh- 2 stars. Kinda overpriced and espresso was weak.  Was sad. Still will always love Bookmans and shop itself is worth the drive.
2	This place is a dump. If you need to get rid of some books, just donate them to Goodwill or a Veterans group, because you'll get more self satisfaction. I dropped off about 40 books today and they would only offer me $3. $3? Are you effing serious? Nope, no thank you. I'll drop them off at the VA.If you're looking for older fictional books or records, this place has a pretty serious selection; however, if you're looking for something more present and/or relevant, look somewhere else. Hell, if you're looking for a 1990's version study guide for the SAT, then this is your place!This place is so outdated, you can see the dust when you walk in...
5	Bookmans is the Mecca of Bookstores. Seriously, there isn't a better bookstore anywhere that I've lived. All of the people who complain that Bookmans didn't buy their stuff obviously don't understand the concept of a place like this - if they need it, they buy it. Obviously if they have 52 copies of 'The Time Traveller's Wife', they aren't going to buy yours.I honestly love everything about Bookmans! True, it is slightly dingy, but that is part of the charm. You can buy pretty much any book you could dream of for 1/3 the price you would at Barnes & Noble or any other bookstore. But, book aren't the end of what they sell. Magazine, Movies, Music, Games, Video Game Systems, Art.... pretty much anything used that is in good condition and someone else might want, they carry. Bookmans is a personal obsession! I would peruse every day if I still lived there.I also think that their purchasing system is more than fair. I have gone many times and sold old books or video games that I was done with and have felt the credit/cash they gave me was acceptable. There have also been times that I took bags full of books like everyone else is complaining about and had them buy nothing... but I realize that this is part of the business. I honestly think there should be a Bookmans in every large city on the globe. Life would be better and certainly world peace would follow.
2	The idea of Bookmans is great. Used books, movies, games, etc brought in by fellow book, movie, and game lovers so you can then purchase them at a lower price. Its the execution that needs a lot of work. I used to come in here a lot. And two years ago I probably would have rated it a lot higher than I am rating it today. I heard about this place from a family member and how you can bring in books you don't want anymore and get either store credit or cash. OMG! That is the best idea ever. Getting rid of something you don't want and then picking something out that you do! What a concept! I did this I think three or four times a few years back and was always happy with the return from books I had. I would check out the store while they were evaluating my selection and then come back with a handful of new books to buy after they told me what they would give me for mine. The last time I came in here I brought in easily $100 worth of brand new cookbooks that I don't use anymore since becoming vegetarian. They were new cookbooks so I thought I was going to get a great deal. They wanted almost all of them, and then wanted to give me $4. Yes... $4. Umm... are these people on crack?!!? So I said, hell no and walked out with my books and then went and sold them on Amazon for almost $75. The selection in this store is also really crappy. I looked at the cookbook section the last time I was in here, and I had never even heard of most of the books they had here. And trust me, I know what I am talking about. I am the girl you see in Barnes and Noble sitting in the cookbook section for four hours on the weekends. They were all old and tired and books obviously nobody wanted, which is why they were in this store. I wont be coming back here.
5	Bookmans is a great place to go, even if you just want to grab some coffee. My favorite part of the store is wandering through the tall shelves full of books; the smell reminds me of being in the library in my hometown. There is an entire section dedicated to electronics, so if you're looking for a few Nintendo 64 games or even a Wii be sure to check Bookmans before heading to Walmart. There are chairs and couches placed all over the store so I like to grab a few interesting looking books, find a secluded spot and read there. Bookmans also has an extensive video and music section, as well as WiFi so you can bring your lappy or iPad and browse the web while you have some coffee or tea.
5	Great place to heal old childhood trauma and get that Cabbage Patch doll you never got as a kid. I love you Bookman's. If you consider a bookstore to be your saving salvation then you will love it here. When you walk in it usually smells like bacon or panini's or whatever the heck they are cooking up in the cafe. You can sit in the cafe area and get a lemon bar but they also have many other baked goods and sandwiches to choose from.They have old records and a bunch of old crazy crap in the back that you will love. The kids section has a cute little entry way just for kids and they sell toys, puzzles and games. They also have old vintage action figures from movies and shows. Pretty much any book you could be looking for they probably have which is all categorized so it is easy to find. If you cannot find it though they will be happy to help you in your quest. They have a manga section and located just off of the cafe section, they have magazines and comics! I found old Creep comics that were $5 that are really worth $15. They have a porno collection in an armoire but everyone can see you look into it so most guys look awkwardly into it for a minute before walking away. Books are reasonably priced and the price can be found penciled in the book on the first page on the upper right hand corner. They have a gaming section where you can buy games and old gaming systems like the original Nintendo. Make sure you make time to look near the registers, that is where they have the really interesting stuff.
5	I love bookmans, great cafe with wifi, the turkey bacon is GREAT! Lots of cool books, stuff, games, dvds, software, etc.Go check it out!
2	I agree that this place has gotten a thrifty store feel to it. I'd much rather go to a library bookstore, or better yet Half Price Books, which is made more for the frugal bibliophile. I've gotten some okay selections here over the years, but it's starting to get a desperate bus stop vibe. The new coffeeshop, though, is a good addition.
3	Books.Gotta be on a mission here. Your book is somewhere inside, somewhere half-priced. But there is a price for this adventure. The gum underfoot. The guy that is arched and most likely sleeping against the romance section. The overwide kid in the anime section that just pinched a loaf that smells like a cat dying on a summer freeway.This place is a warzone of nomads and seekers and we all have dirty fingernails and shirts with starchy white stains on the belly.Gotta stay focused. That new Lee Child book could be under suspense and mystery or it might be in fiction. NINE O'CLOCK children crying. Crouch low and follow a broken sight line, careful not to let your silhouette awaken and alarm the crying kid to your presence. Duck the herd of Mormons - eyes on the prize. Book in hand. Make for the register. Through green cloud of Taco Bell and Pocky drifting from the anime section.Money saved. No casualtiesExfiltrate and head home.
3	I went to Bookmans in the past week to trade in books for store credit. I had two large boxes with about 75 books inside. I also had lots of magazines too. They needed thirty minutes to evaluate my books. I left my books at the counter and briefly walked through the store to see what they had to sell. I returned to the counter and saw my two boxes, which looked as though they had not yet been looked at. An employee soon walked up behind the counter and told me that they could only use two of the books I brought in. I accepted the $9.00 in store credit and hauled my books back to the car. I considered driving to a Half Price Books store to see if they would take more of my books in trade. Instead, I drove to the north side of the Goodwill store that is next to Bookmans. I donated all the items I had at their drive-up donation center. I didn't shop at the Goodwill store, but I bet they have a pretty nice selection of books thanks to all the Bookmans' trade rejects that ended up there.
3	I like books a whole lot, and I like saving money a whole lot, so naturally I came to Bookmans. I have been coming to Bookmans since I was a kid and I have sold countless items to them, usually for store credit. Really, store credit is the only thing that makes sense. Cash is a rip off. Last time I went to sell to them, they offered me $77 for my piano keyboard, new Flip camera, TI 83 calculator, 5 Xbox 360 games, a stack of books, and various other items. However, I recently learned that you can negotiate! Did you get that? YOU CAN NEGOTIATE! I talked the guy up to $100 in cash, and I felt like even though I was still getting ripped off, I was getting slightly less ripped off than before. This place has very reasonably priced movies, games, books, CDs, etc. It is often very unorganized and nobody working here knows if they have certain items. They use Amazon to determine what section a customer may find a book in. Also, creepers hang out here, just sayin'. Come here if you have time to search out your book, or come here just to browse. It is not easy navigating and not easy to find said book. Good luck my friend!
5	1. Like others have mentioned, you can get a good deal on some used books.  I traded in a stack of books that I was otherwise just going to donate and in turn, got a stack of books for my little one.2. Every worker that I have dealt with has been super friendly.3. Programming!  Free Sign Language classes with an AMAZING teacher, Miss Jessica.  Free story time.  Banned book club.  Pet adoptions?? Yes.  And more!
5	I believe this is the bigger of the 2 shops here in the valley.They even have a cafe,so for those of you who miss Boarders. This is just as nice!  Huge parking lot in mesa, also very busy place.                                        They really do have any type of book that you could want!!  Tapes,videos, Dvds,games for all sorts of players.    The housewares dept. is also quite good with huge amounts to choose from.        The staff is friendly as well.   As Michalel said it is also great to be a part of the recycling.             You can take in all sorts of things for trade as well. The trade is better than the cash.                                                                                                        When you need anything in the media dept. this is the place to go.
4	Bookman's offers your one stop shop for all used entertainment needs.  CDs, Blu Rays, DVDs, even old school VHS and records.  They have a vast selection of books, and also offer board games, magazines, video games, and role playing game manuals.  There is always a selection of vintage toys and various knick knacks to choose from if you are in a browsing mood.  Selling your items can be a bit hit and miss.  Something you would think would easily sell can sometimes be placed in the "No" pile, but that is the nature of selling your unwanted stuff.
4	Our family loves this place!We have been going to the Phoenix Bookmans for several years now and found ourselves near this Mesa location and thought we stop in.  Wow, just another great Bookmans.  If you are not familiar with Bookmans, they offer second hand books, CDs, DVDs and collectibles for a reduced price.  This location also has a cafe right in the store, so if you need a caffeine hit just ask the Batista.Since writting and saving the above review, we have been back twice.Enjoy!
4	For several years, I worked just across the 60 from this store, so since I was back in town I thought I'd stop by and check it out. First off, let me say that I'm a big fan of Bookmans and have been a customer since the days of the original store at Tucson Blvd and Broadway in Tucson.As always, Bookmans has an impressive selection of books, magazines, DVDs, music, video games. They've also now started selling used musical instruments. But what most impressed me was the new paint scheme and the addition of a coffee bar and seating area.Glad to see this Bookmans is still doing well!
5	Used book store, big place, very crowded, I had to fight over my section.  I picked up a few older books, mostly crafts, and prices were a surprise, mixed really, some were cheap and yet one book, was price higher but it was out of print, so prices must be based on that?Anyway, big place, selection is expansive, and you could probably find something you've been looking for here!
3	The one here, in Mesa, is really good. And I love the new look to it too. But they don't like taking in books and give you credit much. The last time we went, we only go like $15 of credit. I could only get 2 books with that. So, we go to this one pretty rarely. We love the one in Flagstaff much better (besides, people there are much nicer than in Mesa and took most of all our books. We got a $80 credit last week, the last time we went to that one!!). The one in Flagstaff IS much better.
2	Speaking as a collector of rare & OOP VHS tapes (yes, some of us still have VCR's), I have found Bookman's "pricing structure" for VHS tapes to be terribly inconsistent. One day, a discontinued title, one which isn't available on DVD or Blu-Ray, is priced upwards of $40-$50. Then, the next day (still unavailable on DVD or Blu-Ray), it's in the clearance bin for $1.00. Which is it? Pick a price and stick to it. The fact of the matter is, you do have better odds finding rare & OOP VHS tapes at pawn shops and thrift stores, neither of which will be terribly snobby about clearing it off their shelves for less than what Bookman's charges. Case in point: I snagged a VHS copy of Todd Solondoz's rare first movie "Fear Anxiety & Depression" (1989, pre-"Welcome To The Dollhouse") in excellent condition at one of those nondescript pawn shops further up along Country Club, and I paid less than a cup of coffee. So, my recommendation for VHS collectors: Skip Bookman's unless you like getting hosed on titles you can easily - ok, not *easy* easily - find elsewhere for less.  (I'm not referring to the DVD's, of course: I've got no doubt Bookman's is the cat's meow for that - just don't go here if you're a serious VHS collector.)
2	May have a lot of used books in good condition, but I've been to plenty of used bookstores with much better prices.  They do have a lot of records and old video games, which can be fun to look through.
3	I've been to Bookman's a few times and have mixed feelings about it. If you're going just to look around, it's fun to see all the stuff they have in there. Between the movie selection, CD's, books and trinkets, it was fun to shop around. But, as someone interested in selling to them, I would never do that again. I brought in a huge selection of books I was interested in selling and they only took 4 of the books and offered me a few measely dollars. I was shocked. I understand they need to make a profit but I wasn't even getting $1 for each book they wanted. A total rip off if you ask me and a waste of time waiting for them to look through my stuff. I'm not sure if I will be returning anytime soon.
5	Visited again today.  LOVED the new musical instrument section and the expanded sheet music area.  AWESOME.
4	I really liked visiting Bookmans.. crazily enough, I've never been here before!  I enjoyed their store and cafe, though I was disappointed that their cafe employees TOTALLY forgot about my latte :(.  No big deal, but hopefully when I return again, this isn't repeated.  The cafe is great for just chilling with a book and a drink/sandwich, or surfing on your laptop, or, like us: great for boardgames!They have a VAST selection of THINGS at this place - VHS, DVDs, books, CDs, board games, video games.. the list goes on!  I would shop here just to get away from the big-box stores like B&N, etc.
5	Just love this Bookmans, it has everything that anyone could want. The best part is you never know what you will find. Over every holiday they have a huge selection of the greatest things. I love them!  FIVE STARS!!
4	I never knew this place exisited until someone in our lunch group mentioned it.  We went over after lunch.  It was nice to see used items recycled.  They have a lot of stuff (video games, books, music, magazines, etc.)  They had live music and she was GOOD.  They also have a little cafe (looks yummy).
2	i like browsing thru bookmans, they collected alot of oldies and goodies from old vinyl records to cd's..etc...the only problem i have with bookmans is there trade-insi understand they need to make a profit and trust me they do make  alot of profit but getting a few bucks when you know they sell it for 10x more than what they gave you i was angry!! heres an example i was watching a kid and his mom turn in a ps2 and couple games, would you believe the pretty much gave them a few lousy dollars or store credit?? like WTF? the mom was shocked and ofcourse the kid didn't no any better, the mom was trying to convince her kid to go somewhere else but the kid ofcourse thru his fit cause he wanted money to go and buy a ps3 go figure...anyways so i can only imagine how many people they have ripped off, sure they didn't have to sell it to them but cmon be fair about it
5	What is there to say except "I heart Bookmans!" I'd been going to Bookmans for years, starting in Tucson and then when I moved up to Phoenix. This location is huge, really nice inside, with a massive selection of books, movies, games, etc. There's a great little cafe with pastries, coffees, teas and smoothies so you can grab a snack while you surf on the free wi-fi or sit and read. This place really does have it all, and the staff is always very knowledgeable. There are requests forms you can fill out if by chance they DON'T have what you're looking for. You can also place items on hold for 5 days, so you can wait til payday and still make sure you get to take home that treasure you found. I'm a sucker for classic musicals and I generally can't find them anywhere but here. I think the majority of my musicals I've gotten at one Bookmans or another. It's worth it to take the time and look through the books and movies, because you never know what you're going to find. Go check out the random knickknacks and doodads scattered about the store. Vintage toys, sets of china, vases, picture frames, artwork... And if you bring in your own stuff to trade, you get credit. The only thing that does kind of suck is they're always lacking on the Wii games. But that's not necessarily their fault. If people don't get rid of their stuff, then they won't have it. Another big plus is that they allow pets... on a leash. So bring in your pup, ferret, cat, whatever and have your best friend with you while you browse and have a coffee. It really doesn't get much better than that!
3	PROS: 1) I saw a gorgeous selection of classics like Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Black Stallion, 20,000 Leagues under the Sea. Leather bound, gold leaf pages. I salivated just looking at them. 2) If you're a fan of home schooling, this would be the place to pick up cheap reading material. 3) During Christmas you could find some a gem of a gift idea, esp. near the front of the store. CONS:1) They offer a dismal cash trade. 2) If you're a published author and are trying to get rid of some stock, you're lucky if they offer 50 cents and take just one book. They used to take up to 8 copies off my hands for $1 each.
5	Love Bookman's! Forget spending $5 for a magazine, they usually have current issues for $1.50. I go here for all my daughter's english books and usually save about 75%. She especially likes that since they're used some times there's already annotations in the books that help in class. Bookman's also carries a large selection of musical instruments, video games, and random items. They sponser the occasional event and allow pets in the building.
5	they still make places to buy used CD's? i had no idea!!!!we had a bag full of books and heard we should take them here to get some trades in. i'm so glad we came.although they only took about 10 out of 30 we had, it was enough to get us store credit for 4 "new" books. lots of stuff to check out....even a cafe.
5	This is my favorite store in the entire valley. So many new things to look at everytime you enter the store, the staff is so friendly, trade in prices are fair and I love their cafe. Grab a book and a coffee or a sandwich and relax on a couch. I go there for my expanding video game collection as well and every time I go in there is so much new inventory I feel like its a whole new store to dig through. Check this place out. The classic nick nacks alone is enough reason to pop in and look around. There is absolutely something for everyone.
3	THE GOOD: A great place to kill an afternoon or evening. Great place to buy used books and music. They also have stuff for gamers.THE BAD: Its in mesa. the nasty part. tweekers trying to sell stolen stuff. So just know its a rough crowd.TRADE: they take a fair amount of stuff I bring in. Make sure stuff is in good to very good condition. Store credit they offer is fair. the cash payout for stuff is not. ALWAYS take the credit. Also realize that religious books are very common so don't get mad when they don't take all of your stuff.BOOKS: this is there strongest point. They really have everything. I mean everything. I also love that everything in the store is used.MUSIC: is way over priced! The vinyl prices are so high. the condition of the LPs is scratched. However I've scored some treasures using my credit form trades. In light of that its still worth looking if you've traded with them.
1	I don't understand what people see in this place. Though it does have a vast selection of books, their trade-in program is a joke. They are overly picky, and don't pay anything in cash.
4	great place to buy sell books cd's and collectibles even magazines but they sometimes buy very low and price high. little coffee shop and you hang for hours and read and browse. lots of awesome junk jewelery and good finds in the cd bins too. i love this place , 4 stars instead of 5 because of the prices
4	This place is fantastic. This is a geek's paradise and I go about monthly. I have been there for some of the nerdy events like costume parties. I have been there to meet with students in the cafe area. I have been there for the free wifi, too. As my daughter gets bored with her books and reads harder books, she and I collect up the easier ones and trades them in. Lots of times the trade in decision is really odd and I never know what they want. Sometimes I'll just bring the same stuff in a few days later and now they'll take what they hadn't the week before. Inventory does not change that fast! (and never take the cash trade, it's never worth it). Anyway, this place is cool, the people who work there are uber nice, and you'll find lots of stuff you forgot about from your childhood. The kid section is its own room, too, and they love it. The old location was better but they needed more room so moved years ago. Yes, the area of town is pretty seedy but Bookman's makes it a lot cooler.
3	OK: in the interest of full disclosure; I used to enjoy Bookman's about 10-15 years ago. Not so much these days.Either demand for stuff has changed or; the 'powers to be' there are clueless. Why I say that back in 1998 I took a bunch of slightly ratty auto repair manuals to the Ina Rd store (Tucson) and made something like $50. Fast forward to now and I attempted to take some additional shop manuals to the Mesa store; they weren't wanted..........even for trade in credit. Admittedly interest in fixing up/hotrodding cars is fading but there is still a LOT of interest around there.
4	I love everything about Bookmens except the location... The location scares me a little. But you can't really beat good prices on used books, electronics, music, and knickknacks. The employees are real helpful... I've never taken anything in to trade but I've donated and that goes pretty well... Just wish they weren't so far and the location...
3	Its hard nowadays to find a place that sells records. Bookmans has a pretty good selection of vinyl. I give them an A-OK rating because if you want to sell them anything they will offer you such a low price for it that it makes it really not worth it. I brought in a good selection of over 50 CD's all in good shape and not too obscure, I saw copies of the same music for sale there. Their offer was a total joke - I could get more money recycling the plastic they were made of. Other than that the place is clean, open late, has a cafe, has a good selection of music and books. There are comfortable seats like a living room and they dont mind if you chill in there and read. It's a bit of a flashback to the 90's but it is overall very cool. Not many places left like this!
4	Bookmans is a nice place to read, Where you can buy a toy that you really don't need,Where wifi is served along with lots of coffee, Where some go to find the stacks of anime.The staff are ok, if not sometimes harsh,And you can bring pets here, Instead of the parkI've taken my birds, they don't  need a leash,Unlike some customers..(the adults I mean)Trade, buy, look, or sell, I've enjoyed my times there, I can honestly tell,So much to see, and not just in books,Music,  movies, go take a look!At this place you never know, What you might find, To you from me...stop on by :)
5	Helpful staff, lots of great deals on books and dvd's. It's a nice way to recycle your old books and magazines and get some new stuff. They actually carry some decorative items, I have a large round mirror hanging in my living room from here! Nice selection of musical instruments which is expanding if you need anything for kids band class.
4	Bookman's is a great place.  What DON'T they carry??  Books magazines, DVDs, gift items, a smattering of jewelry, even knitting needles and rubber stamps!  It's not an impersonal chain, to my knowledge at least, and the employees are helpful.  Everything is pretty well organized by genre.  They even have coffee and sandwiches, and they are very good. .I always find some gem or another in here.  Most of their prices are pretty good, tho some things are more than I personally want to pay.  Overall it's an A+ store that I wish was near where I live.  I always enjoy coming in here when I'm in town.
5	Great cafe with delicious muffins and americanos!
4	My son has been telling me for months now to go to Bookman's, he is a huge book loving fool, and he knows I'm a movie buff so I finally listened to him and off to Bookman's we went.WOW what a great place, you can sell/trade books, movies, games and get some too, and man do they have a big selection!  If you don't have a game plan on what you are looking for, it could get a little over whelming. Hundreds of books, tons of movies, video games for all kinds of systems, N64 (yea baby old school) Cube, PlayStation, Xbox, you name it I'm sure they have it! This is a great local find for my son and I and now that I know what they have, I will have to game plan to find what I am wanting!  Oh and they even have free wifi!
3	We have been coming here for at least 7-8 years. When we first started trading in things the value was through the roof. Sadly though the past year or so the value has been terrible. Also some of the staff is terribly rude for no reason which I don't understand. The saving grace and the reason I keep coming back is that sometimes you come across something amazing. Also their pricing on magazines is amazing, most are $1.50 an issue and they have most of the current issues.
5	This place is so very awesome in so many ways. Let's begin with recycling,you can find the most wonderful things here that someone else no longer wants or needs and it could be just what you are looking for.They have a wonderful coffee shop at this location. However, I went in on Saturday and it is gone. It has shut down forever. Bummer. they made some really great drinks. I am sorry to see them go.It is a huge store, with every book that you could find at  Barnes and Noble even.They have nice restrooms that are clean and decorated nicely. Records, DVDs, books on CD. Music CD's and the list just goes on.They also have a wonderful housewares dept. You never know what type of fun you can find there.This Christmas I found some really great ornaments that were no longer being made and they were ones that I collected.They were still in the box. I was sooooo happy.You yourself can bring in your items. Of course they must be clean and in good shape. They may or may not take them it just depends on what they are looking for this day.They will give you cash or trade. The best thing to do is get trade because, then you can shop with it. parents a really ,really good thing is that they have musical instruments. Yes, we all know how expensive that can be when your child plays an instrument.Where was this when my children were younger. It is a really great store, I am soooo happy I finally discovered it.Lots of parking in the lot as well. Huge lot!On the West side of the street , right on South Country Club.
5	This was my first time here and I had a good experience. I walked in with books to sell and they offered me a GREAT value for trade instead. The gentleman helped me find the section for African American Urban Fiction and it was a very small selection. He explained to me that not a lot of people bring books in for that genre and not a lot of them sell. I explained because the selection that is being traded in is not that great..LOL.. i did tell him I have a lot to give to them once I have finished reading them so I hope it helps. I did notice they have other things there besides books. They even have jewelry. I didn't get a chance to look at them but I will the next time I go in there. I found two good books for trade and I look forward to going back soon. Oh yeah by the way the man that was helping me did explain to me how they find the prices for the books. They charge half of the regular price of a book, so if there is a hardback book you want and the regular price is $15 then it would be $7.50.  :)
4	Yes, I'm a local business mark so let me preface this review with that. The only reason this particular location isn't getting five stars is because it is in an absolutely terrible location. Sandwiched between a Goodwill and an automotive title switcher you are bound to get some horrible smelling/acting customers.Ignore these oddities and you'll find yourself faced with a giant powder keg of nostalgia waiting to blow up in your face. Nintendo 64, Super Nintendo, Sega Saturn, Laser Disc, Beta Max, Old Action figures, CDs, Ancient Magazines, and all the books you can possibly imagine. There also exists a charming cafe where you can relax and read said books, play with said action figures, and peruse issues of 'Wired' from 1994. A really great place to take your children as well...provided they act like civilized animals and not just wild ones.
4	Bookmans is all great.
5	Awesome used book store! Cozy reading nooks, set up all over the store! Children's section is amazing! Highly recommend !
5	What a great experience.  I am really glad we stopped.  You made a new fan of us.  Parking lot sucks if you go there during busier times of the day.  People are just crazy, overly enthusiastic about getting a parking spot, or just plain rude.  Once you get parked and you wander inside is actually rather impressive if you're the type that likes book stores.  I guess I am.But this place isn't your typical bookstore.  First thing you should know is it's a used book, cd, album, audio book, magazine, instrument, toys, childrens books, games, crafts, games, accessories, collectibles, and tchotchkes of just about every kind available for purchase here.  It's like a bookstore, rummage sale, warehouse here.  Folks bring their things in and hope to walk out with some cash in exchange.  I spend an hour or two in here each time we come and more often than not we walk out with at least one small purchase.  Love finding older issues of magazines and assorted, random knick knacks.  This place is almost like an antique store.  You can reminisce about so much that they have for sale.They have their own t-shirts, aprons, mugs and water bottles.  They host events for adults and children ranging from music to entertainment. My favorite time to come here is right when them open on a weekday because, well, that's how I roll.  It's peaceful and if I come in with one of my dogs we don't get bothered like we're some kind of side show in a traveling circus.Truthfully, my dogs love the attention -cuz ya know they're soooo deprived.  So to wrap this up I have got to say I am so glad we stopped to check things out.
5	This place is the shiz.I moved to AZ in 2001, and was in heaven when I discovered Bookmans. I first started coming here for the video games, (I was in my early teens,) but am also a serious bibliophile and have always had a tendency to collect books much faster than I can read them. I have a handful of interests and Bookmans serves them all pretty well. My best piece of advice is to not go into this store unless you have a predetermined budget, lest you go home and find an upset wife.   :)I've seen a lot of reviews that mention Bookman's trade-ins. People are especially and overly critical of the cash offers, and sometimes the credit offers, that the store gives. What most people don't get is that's how it is with almost any "used" retailer. If you feel like Bookmans is on the cheap side with their exchange policies, take a moment to consider the diversity, size, and already fair pricing of their inventory, as well as the business model. Understand that if they're going to make a profit on items that they strive to price fairly, they can't pay you half the worth of the item. To put it in another way, Bookmans is a re-seller, not the end user. If you're looking to make money off your crap then you need to sell it on Amazon, where someone called a "consumer" (end-user) will pay it's value. It's just business my peeps, and Bookmans' business is not in handing money out to customers. If they were to pay more cash for your items, they wouldn't be around for very long and we'd all be devastated for the loss. If you ask me, I buy more from here than I trade in, so I'll take the fair prices any day.The bottom line is that you can't beat the finds in this store. I am always thrilled to find books, music, and even vintage video games that I've had an eye out for. They even have old collectible board games and action figures. There's nostalgia for you. I could spend hours here just walking around. It's better than any mall, Barnes & Noble, or Best Buy. And the remodel a couple years ago with the cafe is just sweet. Not to insult anyone at all, but with a wife and kids I'm sure I couldn't afford to work here, and I'm surely not cool enough anyway. But in any case, I envy the people that work here. It's freaking orgasmic mediaphile heaven.
4	You can always find something interesting at Bookman's.  My family and I like to trade in old books for store credit and pick up new books.  They also have electronics, games, toys, puzzles, music instruments, etc.  It is a great way to de-clutter your home!
5	I've gone to this location a few times either looking for things of interest to buy or for selling items I no longer needed, the latter being the case for this visit.. This store is always packed and busy, which is great for business. The people here are always helpful and friendly and when it comes to selling items, they give you better options and more money than FYE or any other place that takes/buys books or media items. They give you a card from a deck of cards as your wait item while they go through your items and price them out as to how much they will buy and what amount of cash or store credit they will offer/give you. It usually takes them about 30 minutes to go through everything, so I kill time by looking around or grabbing a magazine and sitting in their reading area, or surfing the net on my phone. Their store is big and well-stocked with all sorts of interesting books/magazines, media (music/videos), and even collectibles. It's well put together and lots to see. There are plenty of chairs and tables to sit and read or even to bring a laptop and surf the internet, play games, or plug in headphones and listen to music. One bit of info: If you plan to trade in or sell books, they take paperbacks but not hardbacks. Hardbacks they told me are harder for them to sell and paperbacks go out the door in a heartbeat.Another plus: they have free wi-fi.
3	This is a big store with a wide selection of books, magazines, music, decoration, household item, etc. Prices are ok. They're slightly cheaper than new but really expensive compared to what they pay for items. If you buy something for $10 they probably paid less than a dollar. If they sell you a magazine for $6. e.g.,  they probably paid 10 cents or a quarter. The reason I'm writing this review is to let you know that Bookman's will give you virtually nothing for your stuff. You're better off taking everything to Goodwill and  using a tax write off. Here's what happened to me. I called them first and asked if they'd take my books. They said yes as long as there's no writing in them and they're in good condition. I asked them roughly what they pay and they wouldn't answer. I was told to bring them in and they'd give me a price. So I boxed up 6 large crates of books. Most were in like new condition or brand new and the average price new $15-20. I drove 5 miles to their location. They wanted me to bring all the stuff in. Because the crates were heavy, I gave them one crate and asked them to me to give them a price on one crate first. An hour later they offered me 50 cents for one book and $1. for another. They wouldn't take the other 50 books. I had brought them about 300 books total. So I took all my books back home and refused to sell them the two they wanted. I was ticked.  I wasted a couple hours of my time and my gas for nothing.I think everyone should know that Bookman's pays next to nothing for the items in their store and worse yet, they won't take most of your stuff. This means that after waiting a long time for them to price your items, you'll probably need to take almost everything back home.To let you know, they did offer to pay me a little more if I wanted store credit. So if you like exchanging items and don't mind paying a large premium and you have small light weight items that are easy to take back home if they don't want them, then Bookman's might be the perfect store for you.  Personally I was not happy. If they only pay 50 cents for a $20 book and reject most of the books, then I should have been told that on the phone. All they did was waste my time.
5	I really like this Bookman's- I've regularly visited the ones in my hometown of Tucson, as well as when I lived in Flagstaff, but I'm mostly a stranger to the Bookman's in Phoenix. I found the layout of this location one of the best. The video games/electronics is nice and separated for privacy; teen room was cool; good selection of music and movies; layout was very nice. Not much in the way of antiques/odd bits of stuff like some of the Tucson locations, but I did find some fun action figures and gifts for friends. I'd hit this one up again when I visit Phoenix next time.
5	Make sure you find the map near the front of the store! This place is a nice little labyrinth to get yourself caught in! Prices area little higher than I am used to for a used book/dvd store, but still great finds!The staff is super helpful!I can't wait to go back and spend a little more time looking around! Yay, books!
5	I brought in a bunch of old DVDs and some fiction books I had accumulated over the past few years. They accepted all of the books and some of the DVDs(14 books, 7 movies) and I could choose between $21 cash or $65 store credit. I was very happy to get value out of stuff that was taking up closet space and rarely used.
4	This place has EVERYTHING. Their gaming section is great. Staff is nice. I took 6 boxes of books, dvds, records and VHS today and they took a lot of it. I was excited when they said $250 in store credit...but less excited when they said $80 in cash. REALLY? $250 to $80? Not even $100? And I'm moving to another country so I can't take store credit. Anyway, other than that, it's great, especially if you want store credit.
4	Nice large store with a variety of purchase options from music instruments to of course books. Check it out!
4	I love going here when there is a book, cd or old video game that I can't find anywhere but online, and I don't want to pay shipping or wait to get it. They always seem to have what I'm looking for, or something very similar, and I spend a ton of time just browsing when I go anyway. Everyone seems to do that too, bringing their kids and making a day of going through their endless bookshelves and selling their old stuff. And they have a nice music section out of which I've purchased some equipment like a keyboard stand.
3	Someone here does not care about his job. Now this is usually not true about the Bookman's employees I have encountered over the years.Maybe it is because he is old...or just had a bad day.  He did not even glance at all the trade I was bringing in...before flat out telling me no.As I said..this is usually never a problem.  Yet I always visit the 19th ave location because it is closer.  So for a change of pace we sometimes visit this location.  I always seem to find something here....actually found 2 items I have been wanting.  But changed my mind on after the issue at the trade counter.
4	I found a Feb 1985 copy of a Dungeons & Dragons magazine that I owned when I was 14 years old. It was like I was holding a time machine.
5	None of the video games on the shelves are above $15, which is awesome. Great selection of records and instruments as well. Stingy when it comes to selling stuff here, but that's understandable considering the volume they get.
5	I love this place! I love to trade in books to get new books. They are a little high on their prices but it's not too bad. The staff is always very friendly and helpful. They have a very large selection of books to choose from. I also have bought my kids movies from here that were pretty cheap. I recommend bookmans to anyone looking for some good books to read.
5	A great place to trade in unwanted book, videos, games, ect.  They may not always have exactly what you're looking for but you can usually always find something that you like there.
4	The best used bookstore in Phoenix, at least that's how I see it. Tons of books to browse through, along with magazines, records, and DVDs. They even have a large used music instrument section.If you've never been there, it's worth the trip. Highly recommend.
3	They are so picky! It's hard to get any kind of store credit any more it seems like, no matter what you bring in. The kids books are organized kinda weird, we were looking for a specific author but instead of by author they're in groups by type.
3	it was a good experience going in there seeing so many things such as their great selection of books and games! i love video games and I have only been here in arizona for a couple of months but i really enjoyed going to this place since i live across from bookmans! i also liked their kids section since i sometimes love watching old disney vhs movies (yes a total nerd) but overall, it was pleasant, the people there were kind and welcoming. i will for sure come back to this place!
2	Their trade counter is a joke. We brought in over 80 DVDs some brand new and they couldn't offer us anything. This isn't the first time they have done that, I have tried to sell them school text books and the offered me like 5 bucks, ya right. Don't waste your time.
1	Been doing business with bookman's for years but I guess the economy finally caught up to them. The store credit offer on collectables or music related items is really low ball nowadays. It is not even worth the time and gas to be honest. I suggest doing some checking as what the value of your items are so you are not scammed at trade in OR purchase. Some of the items for sale are overpriced and going more than new retail. If the tag says rare that means you can find it on the internet in abundance. Heck sell your stuff on the internet or give it to goodwill. I hope things improve but for now I'm moving on.
3	I like this place and love the whole store-credit thing or getting paid for your junk. I do not however, enjoy the prices for vinyls. You want me to spend $10+ on a 20+ year old heavy, used, piece of plastic? I'll get those elsewhere. I love the atmosphere though. Bring back the coffee shop!
3	I would honestly love to write a stellar review about Bookman's since there are many great things about them but on my last visit I must say I was slightly disappointed. I had combed through my bookshelves and found about 40 books (mostly hard cover 2012 or newer fiction novels) and several movies as well. I drove the 40 minutes to this location hoping to at least get enough trade in money to purchase some new books for my Pre school class since funds are limited. After waiting an hour and a half my card was called where I was then told the only thing they wanted out of the duffle bag worth of offerings was the Nintendo Princess Peach shot glass I forgot was even in there. I was offered $4 for the shot glass which was enough to buy one of the books I was hoping to get. I left slightly disappointed that after much effort the trip and several hours turned out to be a bust... Oh Well at least in the mean time there was a lot to check out and browse through the store.
4	This place is a time machine for me. It's kinda like a well maintained pawn shop,minus all the dirt and angry shotgun wielding employees.They have alot of old action figures,VHS tapes, magazines,and gaming systems from the 90's which is awesome.The staff is friendly and helpful. If you're into old cool $h!t like myself. Be sure to give Bookman's a look.
3	The selection of music, books, and movies is great. However, don't plan on making any money on trade-ins.
5	Great place to sell back items and buy used books/comics/magazine/music!
5	Great deal on musical instruments. Used books CDs DVD. Even records and tapes. Also carry vintage 8 track tapes hard to find.
4	Ah, Bookman's. It's like one giant indoor garage sale at that one weird neighbor down the street holds every weekend. I always love coming here not really looking for anything in particular, because you always come out with a few things you didn't plan on buying anyways. They seem to be a bit cluttered and it's hard to find specific things, but that's part of it's charm. They tend to be off on pricing in the video game section, in both directions, but that means sometimes it's easy to find gold. The only downside seems to be that their trade quotes are laughable, if they'll even accept all your things. Typically a good place to stop by if you have $20 and an hour to waste.
5	I love this place, it's awesome to be able to get a decent price for your old books and video games, and then be able to go get other peoples old books and videogames also for a decent price!
5	Where has this place been my whole life???!! Books, old school games, music, albums, instruments and much more for a decent price. All are in well condition as they are used products. They test all games before you buy. I wish they had one in west Phoenix!
5	Very nice selection of old school games, I think I even saw some Sega cd games there. Also a nice share of clean instruments. Walking around I saw many things of interest and I am going to take my wife on a treasure hunt there soon. They even had troll toys!  Bring in the nostalgia.
5	Such an awesome store! Lots to look at, something for everyone - video games, instruments, board games, and of course lots and lots of books! They offer cash or store credit for books. Friendly, quick service. Clean store that is well organized! Would highly recommended!
4	I love browsing the shelves at Bookman's.  There are all sorts of gems in there and it's a great place to take a date and stroll the aisles together.  You'll definitely find some interesting stuff to spark conversation. Not only do they have books, but they also have video games, CDs, audio books, musical instruments, board games, you name it!Another big plus is that they welcome dogs on leashes!
4	As a literature teacher, I obviously loved this place. Very well organized with a fantastic selection. I spent over 2 1/2 hours book browsing and buying. I found The Collected Poetry of Nikki Giovanni autographed for $12.50!! Be sure to look at the prices of all multiple copies of a title. I found that the prices can vary without much distinction between them. I will be going again soon and will be visiting the other location as well.
1	horrible store.There are a few reason why this place should be avoided.#1 I came in with about 25 books. I was moving some stuff around my house and didn't need them anymore so I thought what the heck Ill try to sell them. They only wanted half of them...ok no problem.$22 in trade or $2.50  in cash...really?  Not even Gamestop in that absurd. But it doesn't stop there. For trade they just print out a voucher. I said no I'll just take the cash so she printed out a cash voucher but they had to see my ID and get a manager to sign off on it.Hahahaha you have got to be kidding me. So anybody can bring in stolen stuff but as long as they spend the money you give them at the store who cares but to get $2.50  you need an ID and manager approval. What a freaking joke. #2 The people who hang around this place are seedy. Like the kind of people who won't wait till they get outside to light a cigarette. Its on country club just north of southern so its not in a great neighborhood and it shows.
5	The atmosphere in this place is very friendly. It is it's own little community. I love how dogs are welcome here. Most of the stuff seems to be reasonably priced. The video games can run a bit pricey, but if you're doing store credit then what the heck! About that, people need to stop complaining about it. Their buyers do the best they can. If they aren't interested in your stuff it's because either a. It's all beat up b. They've already got a lot of it in stock or c. They don't think anyone will buy it. It's best to go on a less busy day that way the buyers have more time to thoroughly review your things. Bookmans isn't going to pay you full price for the books, of course. They need to make a profit too. They still do offer a generous amount. And the difference between the cash and trade is not as major as $22 trade and $2.50 cash, as another user said. Any consignment shop you go to will have a little less in cash than trade. It's the nature of it.
4	50/50 here.I walked in with probably 120 books. They were only able to 'accept' about 20 of them and offered me either 90$+ for in store credit or 11$ cash. Since I'm moving out of the country, 11$ is all I got. I don't know how that works, 90$ is suddenly 11$. The books they didn't 'accept', would be donated to the prison and given as reading material for the inmates. Looks like they will be reading Skinny Bitch and decorating tips books!
5	This place is a bibliophile's paradise. I always find something interesting here. If they sold guns and ammo, too, instead of just books, I'd probably never leave.
4	I was very surprised to see that the prices at this establishment were a lot cheaper than what I usually pay for books from Amazon..The selection here is vast and ranges from books to music to tchotchkes I really enjoyed the children's section as I am always looking for new titlesBookmans has a ton of classics The employees were all very friendly and helpful... The two guys that were working in the book sell/exchange section sThe next time I need a book for school or for my own personal joy, I will check Bookmans before Amazon... schooled me on the Bookmans operations...
4	I've come here on a multitude of times and they are very consistentPros: nice ambience/ clean store -staff is very helpful-An amazing selection of books, music, and gamesCons-Books can be a little pricey. I am not going to pay $4 for a book with it's pages falling out and things highlighted everywhere for the same price as a book that's nearly new.I've also found CDs here to be almost right near their actual price. I will try to sell some things here as some people have recommended. It can become a little pricier than thrift stores but you will find something really good if you look hard.
4	My experience with both valley stores has been mixed. The condition of their books is not that great but they have the book. The price is midrange neither high nor low but they have the book. The variety and selection is huge. Although I have only dealt with one person who remembered my name I am impressed with how many long term employees the Mesa location has. The last thing I expect is a decent trade credit. They are doing the warehousing and are huge.I have gotten many things other than books and have been satisfied.Glad they are in the area and stable.
5	Our favorite place to go for books and dvds.  I enjoy browsing.  They give great deals for our books returned.  Try to get over once a month.
4	Love this place! They have a massive video game collection! You can definitely find some rare titles at this place. The only downside is that their prices are pretty fair and not as cheap as some online stores or eBay. But the great thing about bookmans is you could take unwanted action figures or books and turn it into credit toward more interesting items. It sure beats selling on eBay if you don't want to have the effort in dealing with shipping and fees. Their comics section is pretty interesting as well. I don't know much about the rarity of comics, but I bought a few with some leftover credit I had. Movies are fairly priced as well, but I'm still waiting on a copy of Kung pow!A great thing to take advantage of is holding items. If you find an item you like, but hesitate to purchase, you can hold the item behind the counter for 7 days. That'll give you time to go home and come back the next day with some useless junk for credit toward your held item :)Oh and I guess the books are cool
5	Old school place. Reminds me of Portland (but not sure why). Books are organized relatively easy to find. Line was long, but it's a good sign in my mind. Got 4 cook-books, all in great price. I'll be back :)
4	Cheap books and everything else. You also get to check out people out so that is a plus.  Staff is fun and helpful and adding the cafe was a great call.  I still love Changing Hands but Bookmans is on their heels.
5	I love Bookman's.  I can clean off my bookshelves and save my magazines and get some store credit to spend on more books and magazines.  I love the random collection of items to be found here as well.  Everything from comic books to albums to CDs to movies to games to jewelry to books, books, and more books.  It's a good thing I don't live closer or I'd have some serious 'splainin' to do.
