4	Cheap, delicious burritos in the Henderson area! One of my nursing professors suggested Faustos, since it was very good with portions and close to our nursing school. They have one of the best carne asadas I've had in a while. I have to compare them to the Mexican place back home called Adalberto's (Socal locations call it Albert's; it's the same kind of franchise). They are both really good, but since I can't have Adalberto's until I go home, I will have Fausto's!If you're looking for a fast food Mexican place with decent prices, you have to go to Fausto's! Try their chimichanga and California burrito! Maybe the tostadas? A lot of people get this during lunch time.
5	OMG OMG OMG OMGi moved to las vegas for a year from los angeles, and my friend TK took me to this place. he recommended the california burrito, and taking his advice, i bit into the single greatest food item in the whole world. it's as if every sports championship had just been won in my mouth. sometimes at night i'm a bit drunk and hungry as hell, and consider for a short time driving through the desert just to visit fausto's. it's amazing.
5	Our go to place for affordable (dare I say cheap?) TexMex.  Consistently good.  Not diet friendly, except the carne asada sans tortillas or the chicken burrito unwrapped from the huge flour tortilla.  Both are a low carbers dream.  Favorites when I do decide to indulge is the Fish burrito and the Shrimp Burrito (which breaks the cheese/seafood rule of thumb, but it works).  The breakfast burritos are outstanding.  Quesadilla's are huge and cheesy.  Quick service, reliable to go service which always get your phone orders right and it's almost always ready in 10 minutes.  Oh, and the Super Nachos are great.  Not healthy at all, but great.
2	Although the pricing is very affordable, they load their meat with tons of salt.  I must have drank several cups of water to balance the sodium intake.  I've definitely had bettter.
3	This place is right down the street from work, and for affordable, good, semi-authentic Mexican food, this is a good bet.  The carne asada, carnitas and cheese burritos are HUGE.  Good, good, good.The quesadillas are a little tooooooo greasy, but otherwise, its cool when flying on the cheap.
5	Its good, cheap, quick down home mexican food!  I love it!!! :]
3	I find it odd that its smack-dab in the middle of a retail center consisting of furniture stores. Anyway, Fausto's is a decent Mexican restaurant in Henderson, which is pretty rare to find in the short time I stayed out there. It has to be pretty decent if its open until midnight on daily basis. Kinda rare to find a place like that in Henderson that's open this late, well except for the casinos, fast food joints, and maybe a Denny's. 3 stars for being open late and for carrying carne asada fries. The burritos aren't too expensive, but adding beans and rice are extra. Stock up on salsa at the salsa bar while you wait for your food. Other than that, I don't have too much to add. Yessir.
5	This place is the bomb! I moved out here from L.A. and couldn't find a good fast food Mex place anywhere here til I went to Faustos. Roberto's is open 24/7 but their food and service sucks. Even when my family comes into town from L.A. they want to go to Faustos(they live in East L.A.) My favorites are the super nachos carne asada,California burrito,chimichanga plate and menudo for the quick hang over fix. Lol Everyone at work also loves Faustos. Trust me, you can not go wrong with Faustos. Enjoy!
5	Fausto's is great.  Breakfast burritos are awesome; chimichangas are delicious, tacos very good, if a touch greasy, tortas are good.  The carne asada is good, the chicken is ok (not pollo asada).  The carnitas is quite good.Salsa is very good.  Spicy carrot & jalapeno bar.  Prices are reasonable.  Service is competent and fast.  This is one of our go-to places for a quick, tasty meal.
4	I was driving around earlier tonight desperately looking for something different- not the same old fast food I eat almost every night.Driving past a strip mall on south Stephanie I spotted the Fausto's sign at the last second. It's tucked away in the strip mall behind a building that is closer to the street so it's real easy to miss.I've had bad luck with local "authentic" Mexican places here in town so I took a few minutes to decide before going in.I'm really glad I decided to give this place a try. I decided on the 2 steak taco meal for $6 which is pretty reasonable. I added a medium soft drink and was only charged $1 extra for a total of $7.Much to my surprise the steak tacos were among the best I've ever had- anywhere. Delicious steak with no fat or gristle cooked perfectly and served on soft corn tortillas with a fresh pico salsa and guacamole. Very very tasty and surprisingly large. 2 tacos is an ample portion. You also get the usual Spanish rice and refried beans- both of which were very tasty also.I will definitely be going back here and try more stuff. I see the California burrito recommended several times in other reviews, so it's next up for my next visit.Glad I found this place!
4	Mmmmm Faustos you've never done me wrong when I need a quick fix for something cheap and delicious. Your servings are generous, your pork is always tender, and I always no exactly what I am getting when I get there. Just stop closing at 11, I like to eat late at night!
4	Good for drunks, teenage boys, or people who suckered friends into a full day of back-breaking yard work but are too cheap to repay them with sushi. Need a filler, fast, and fo' cheap? Fausto's! There are other reasons to go to Faustos. Like, tonight, I simply wanted to overeat.I recommend the chorizo burrito. It's  $3.75. In a moment I'll add a photo which demonstrates how this burrito is about three inches longer than a cheap, plastic fork. It's 2/3 as fat as a Chipotle burrito. The chorizo, eggs, potatoes and cheese are tightly wrapped in a fresh tortilla that's slightly doughy. Usually it's served in a wrapper with a small pool of orange grease, but not tonight. I planned to eat the whole thing but am proud of myself for leaving almost half of it for lunch tomorrow.On other occasions I have enjoyed the carne asada burrito, which may be better than the chorizo. But I always get  chorizo because steaky foods are a dime a dozen.The environment is very clean and designed very well for drunks, teenage boys, and friends who....etc.I feel like Fausto's deserves five stars because, in its realm of eateries, it's my favorite. But that might diminish the value of my very favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas, Molcajete.
5	Food is really good!  The Ham & Eggs (no potato) breakfast burrito is huge and delicious.If you want a really quick, large, cheap, tasty meal - this IS the place to go.Chimichanga is over-bearingly large and good - however I felt guilty eating all that in one sitting.
2	Just had a chicken bean and rice burrito, not the best Iv'e had.  getting sick of all these mexican places tasting the same (see Robertos)
4	Fausto's is good and cheap. It's home of the "Super Duper Snacktastic Nacho's". (Name should be on the Menu some day)
5	This taco shop has it all over robertos! Great price and portions, fresh and authentic.
4	We fed an entire volleyball team with no complaints. Enchilada sauce was very good.
2	Dear Yelp,If this is the best Mexican food that Henderson has to offer... Yikes!Read some reviews boasting about the California burrito here.  Being an avid fan of such burritos, I decided to head over and give it a try.  What I was given was not a California burrito though, it was a regular burrito minus beans and pico.  For those that have never taken a trip to San Diego, a California burrito must contain french fries.  No fries, no Cali burrito.So after getting over the initial disappointment of no fries, I tore into Faustos (not really) Cali burrito.  The tortilla, which I consider to be the most underrated ingredient of the burrito, was actually pretty good.  Maybe they make it themselves?  Either way, a very solid tortilla.  Unfortunately, that's about the only good thing this burrito had going for it.  The slimy "guacamole" looked like the prepackaged junk you buy at Safeway (or Vons as they call it out here), there was too much sour cream, and the entire inside was cold as a dead piece of vagina!  However, I only dropped four bucks, so I can't really complain too much.As it stands now, I'm thinking Rubio's really is the best burrito out here.  Like I said: yikes.I give Faustos Mexican Grill #2 a fantastic score of 2 out of 5 stars.Love,James
4	So apparently there is only one Mexican restaurant supplier that only has the blue Pepsi menu board with the white letters, photo board with taco/burrito combo with rice and beans shots, and horchata/jamaica drink fountain because it's awfully strange that Roberto's has the same setup and I can remember these things back in various locations in SoCal.Appearance aside, I was able to get a decent two taco combo here for seven bucks with rice and beans, and 3 rolled tacos with guac for another three bucks. The shells were nice and crispy like I like them and there was a sufficient amount of marinated shredded beef. Areas where Fausto's and Roberto's differ are hot sauce, Fausto's is spicier and tomatoier, Roberto's is open 24 hours, Fausto's till 11:45 they say. So which one do you go with? I'd say by whichever you're closer to, but Fausto's might have the edge if it isn't 2 am, as I like spicier sauce and I have had random "gifts" in my food at Roberto's before.
4	Greasy on some items but great tasting food!
4	This place makes great food. I said great - what i mean is great tasting, not healthy. The first time I came here I had the menudo which I loved and was a perfect portion and for only $5! (sat/sun only) The 2nd time I came here I had a machaca burrito. this is one of the few places that I've ever been to that you can actually order machca without onions. Everywhere else I go they always say, well.. its already pre-made with onions in it so we cant take them out. Mexican food should never be completely "pre-made". That's just not acceptable (yes even Roberto's is included in that)The 3rd time I came here I ordered the Machaca plate. Now this is where they get one star removed. I had the beans and rice. The beans were thin. yes I know its refried beans but I prefer mine to have more backing to them, as in more beans,less fat. the rice was ok but was kinda bland. My mexican rice has way more flavor than this but all in all it was still good. The machaca was very good flavored (ok lets face it I poured red chile all over it b/c their red chile is one of the my favorites) Please note: they also have the super nachos which my bf ordered for himself on one of his trips out there. freakin good. oh and b4 i forget they have huaraches. That's how you know its really good mexican food when they have huaraches! the bf usually gets their carne asada which is so tender and good. its a must get.
4	Mexican food is delicious. No, really, Mexican food will be eaten, on average, 2-3 times a week in my household, mostly because Mexican food is almost always gluten free. There are cross contamination concerns, but if you befriend the restaurant owners/employees, it is amazing what they will do to make sure you aren't vomiting later that night due to gluten poisoning. Between my fiance and I, we have eaten half of their menu. Also, compared to other Mexican restaurants, Fausto's [thankfully] lacks the grease factor.After we eat their food we are in food coma, not sitting at the side of the bed with a defibrillator in case the grease travels all the way to our hearts.  My fiance LOVES their burritos. When you ask for everything, you get it all, including pico de gallo, guacamole, rice, beans and whatever meat your heart desires. No extra charge for delicious guacamole? Sign me up! I, on the other hand, am a fan of the tacos. Two steak tacos with everything includes pico de gallo, guacamole and a healthy handful of perfectly cooked carne asada. Add some of their homemade green sauce and DING DING DING!!! We have a winner!!! Did I mention that their food lacks the unnecessary grease factor that haunts my waistline everyday? Good, fresh food without the need for a nap after consumption - love it!However, I think our favorite dish so far is their SUPER NACHOS!!! I capitalize the name of this dish because holy freaking incredible, I love their nachos. Homemade fried tortilla chips are on the bottom. Then come the standard refried beans to add a little protein to this mess of a platter. The happiness comes next. In one corner, you have a scoop of slightly spicy (yay jalepenos!) pico de gallo. In the other corner, you have a healthy scoop of sour cream to cool the palette. In the next corner, a SIZEABLE portion of their homemade guacamole and then in the last corner that delicious guacamole mixes with another small serving of pico de gallo. As if that wasn't enough, they then add a little more guacamole here and there right before [happily] drowning the above ingredients with that savory carne asada (or chicken, pork, etc). Throw on some Mexican cheese and cheddar cheese and BAM!!! You have a meal of champions. No fake cheese sauce (save that for the ball parks), no unnecessary lumps of melted cheese that mask all other flavors of the dish, no grease, just simple, delicious nachos. They are hard to find and do without going over the top, and thankfully Fausto's does them right.So stop by some time or call-in an order ahead of time to bring it home after a long day at work, because for Vegas, it is one of the best Mexican restaurants in the area and it makes my tummy nice and plump with Mexican food happiness.
3	I enjoyed it. Judged by the standards of fast food, it's pretty good. Meat's a little tough and chewy, but I guess you get what you pay for.
5	Had to give five stars for the breakfast burito!  This made to order breakfast treat is hands down the best I have ever had. Also, they are huge so I have them cut it have and my wife and share it. Tasty (definately not healthy) treat and under $4.00.
5	Best mexican food by far in las Vegas. I love their veggie burrito and when ate mat the chimichanga couldn't be messed with. the food is sloppy yet organized and the portions could feed a lumberjack.
1	I was excited that there was a Mexican joint that I can walk to. I went there twice for carne asada tacos and california burritos and both times were a sore disappointment. I love gringo Mexican food that's greasy and indigestible but the flavors were horrible. The meat was way too salty and  the salsa was bland and undesirable. They got the gringo tortilla right but everything else simply tasted wrong. Then I was really bummed when I bit into my burrito and there were no fries. Where was the california burrito that I had ordered?! Ah what sadness!
4	My friend and I decided to eat here tonight for dinner after work, to grub on some hot carrots from their salsa bar.  I haven't been here before and thought it was an authentic Mexican restaurant, but once I got in, I realized it was more like a dive Mexican fast food joint, like Roberto's.  Their salsa bar was exactly like Roberto's as well.  Please be advised, there's a lot stuff on their menu and nothing's worse than holding up the line because you're still deciding, so maybe getting hold of a take out menu or asking a friend prior to going so you know what you want.  This place fills up fast!I got the Carnitas (pork) burrito for $4.75.  WELL WORTH THE PRICE.  Their burritos are HUGE!  This burrito is filled with guacamole, onions and cilantro.  The pork is crispy and soooo flavorful!  I was a huge fan.  I even told my friend that although the flavor is just like Roberto's, the one thing I've noticed is that as I bite into the burrito, I noticed that there is no dripping oil from the bottom, like Roberto's.  I was stoked!The fact that the place filled up fast really proved how good the food was.  I know that there are more Roberto's restaurants out there, but quality always prevails over quantity.  Mexican food is probably the last thing I would choose to eat, but when I do, I know I will be choosing Fausto's again!!
4	Oh lordy lord, I didn't think I'd be coming back so soon. LOL.  Tonight we came on a whim and boy am I glad I did!This time, I decided to get the Carne Asada Fries which came out to about $8 with tax.  I gotta say, it was delicioso!!  Start with crispy french fries, topped with chunks of seasoned beef, sour cream, guacamole and two types of cheeses.  The great part about it was that I couldn't finish it so I took the rest home and I'm happy that I'll have another meal later!  Such a fulfilling meal and caution to the wise: don't try to be a hero and eat this with your hands.  It'll conquer you!   This must be consumed with a fork!On another note, when we arrived, there was a line to the door.  Low and behold, there was a lady in front, trying to decide what to get.  I don't think she read my first review for this place.  LOLOn a last note, the front guy that takes your order and your money is really funny.  He doesn't talk much English, but can understand a lot and interacted with us during our visit.  He made us chuckle a couple of times.  While we were eating though, he kept taking pictures and the camera kept facing towards us.  Maybe he was taking a picture of the full restaurant behind us...hmmm....I'm going to say he was being a little creepy! LOL!!!
4	Just had a quick cheap dinner date here! Great food and you cant beat the price!!
5	Good food. Easy on the pocket and big portions too!!!!
1	I must have gone on a bad day, because my husband and I both thought that this place was terrible.  I actually made my husband take me here to try something new, based on the Yelp reviews.  It was awful!  I had rolled tacos, which tasted like the Delimex frozen rolled tacos available at the grocery store.  My husband had a burrito that no amount of salsa could help.  The condiments (e.g., the sliced carrots) seemed old.  I've heard that the other location in Henderson is tons better, and maybe one day (HUGE maybe), I'll try the other location.  In the meantime, I have to give this place a big two thumbs down.
4	I usually go here every other Wednesday when we go off-site during work.  The place is kept clean & decent in size with tables and chairs appropriate for the mass of hungry customers. Located in a plaza complex by Stephanie it gets a lot of repeat customers.  You can find all the authentic mexican fixings like Roberto's.  The great part though, is Fausto's Mexican Grill isn't shy to pack your food with plenty of filling that will fill you up and then some.  Their Carne Asada Burritos are heavy to the lift.  Feeling like a 5 pounder...(it isn't really...but I am sure you can order one) their burritos are not hollow at all and wont fall to the side like some places if you hold it straight up.  A solid hunk of meal on a wrap would make Tim Allen grunt with a tear of joy!  Prices are reasonable and affordable.  Not the healthiest of food, but with Moderation and excericse like all...this is a treat almost everyone will enjoy.  I would come here more often, except this place isn't as accessible as Roberto's taco shops around the Vegas Valley.Great stuff though...value and quantity! definitely a recommendation I can make!
4	If you're looking for GREAT tasting authentic Mexican food, Fausto's is the place for you. I've never been a fan of the "football sized burrito" because I've always felt it was unnecessary and gimmicky. Fausto's portion size is perfect and they will make your food exactly how you want it. It's a reliable, delicious, reasonably priced, and fast source to comfort food. Also, I know most people roll their eyes at the idea of an authentic Mexican restaurant serving french fries, but I've always been in agreement with the philosophy of giving the customer whatever they want. I LOVE fries with my burritos... if one place has them and another does not; then guess where I'll be going! Kudos Amigos! Keep up the good work!
4	I wish there were half as many Fausto's around town as there are Roberto's. Walking into Fausto's you will see an almost identical menu to Roberto's, but IMO Fausto's has them beat hands down on taste.I love their carne asada and their carne asada taco platter is the best I've had. Hearty portions of high quality food. Excellent Spanish rice too.The California burrito with the carne asada and french fries inside is pretty awesome too.The service at this location has always been fast and friendly. The guys in the back are usually singing along with the Mexican music and look like they are enjoying their work. When you open the meal box it looks like they actually care about making it look good and don't just throw it all together as quickly as possible like some other places.IMO they have the best fast Mexican food in town. Just wish there were more locations.
4	SImple.  Quick.  Cheap.  Delicious.  Consistent fast food the whole family enjoys.
2	Grease, grease, and more grease. I come here a lot because it's a 2 minute drive from my work. I always order the same thing, carne asada or lengua tacos, carne asada fries or nachos. Either or.I never, ever order over the phone. There's always a language barrier and they don't seem to get my order right.Other than, food comes out quick.
5	There is not a place better then Faustos for the price and food is great!!!!!!
4	Honestly, I'm not a big Mexican food fan and with me being Hispanic I think most of you would think "What!!!!??!?" But when I do feel like having Mexican food (which is once in a great while) I think Fausto's blows Roberto's out of the water.Fausto's just tastes fresher and is less greasier than Roberto's. When I feel like going to have Mexican food from a sit down restaurant try El Torito. The service may be slow but the food is great!Thanks.
5	Bring your appetite!  Big selection (including breakfast, they open early, 6:00AM I think),  Ginormous portions, tasty and priced right.  Highly recommend this little hole in the wall.
4	Not understanding the "greasy" comment from June because it certainly is not.  Ordered a California burrito and was disappointed that it did not have fries in it. In CA, we put fries in our California burritos... that's one of its traits!  I will let it slide this time because the food otherwise reminded me of the food back home.  The other ingredients were all in proper proportion.  The carne seemed a little dry, but the rice was delicious!  Service was fast and friendly.  Prices were quite reasonable.  I will definitely give Fausto's another try.
4	Love their super nachos, carne asada w everything and I like their California burrito, bacon breakfast burrito is SO good too! Yum!
4	The food was extremely fast and tasty! Portion sizes are unbelievable. I ordered three taquitos and a quesadilla and wasn't even able to finish the quesadilla. I've seen smaller car tires...this thing was HUGE!! The joint was nearly empty when we got there but filled up quickly. Even so, the good prep pace never slowed. I'll definitely be back!
5	I have indulged in my fair share of Mexican food. My expanding waistline is proof of that. I can honestly say, without a doubt, Fausto's has the best carne asada burrito I have tasted in the Vegas area. With tender carne asada serving as the headliner, the fresh supporting ingredients come together for a flavorful masterpiece matched by no other. The staff was friendly and fast, keeping up with the lunch hour rush. The salsa bar features fresh carrots and the best red sauce this side of the border. Fausto's is by no account conveniently located for me, but well worth the few extra minutes it takes to get there.
4	Great Mexican comfort food... Love it!I always try the staple for my Cheese Enchilada and a Chili Rellano.  The sauces are made very well with a complex spice mix.  They made it right.  Have had a California Burrito that was great (carne asada) and Machaca and Chicken burritos.  The chicken burrito was pretty bland and the meat was old and hard (way overcooked) could have been from the night before. I was there on a Sunday and the cooks looked bored so I think they were slow and getting rid of old ingredients.  Anyway.  I have had 3  - 5 star meals here and  1 - 2 star meal,  so there you go..... I still will go there, overall it is pretty good, maybe Ill dine in and say something to the manager if it sux.....
4	I just found out about this place. It is good food at a great price I've always liked Robert o's but this place has better food at a lower price. If u haven't had it give it a try for your self you will not be disappointed.
4	I really like this place, but I had to dock it one-star simply because the service and some of the menu items could be improved (very easily, I might add). I love the super nachos w/carne asada and the chicken quesadillas (no veggies added) w/sour cream on the side. So good!
4	Easily my favorite go to Mexican food place.  Cheap, delicious food with good portions.  I usually get the burritos because they're so filling!  You can't go wrong with one of those.  Carne Asada or one of the breakfast burrito options are a for sure bet
1	I had the Carnitas burrito. It was hands-down the worst Carnitas burrito I've ever had in my life.Maybe everything else tastes pretty good but that was disgusting.
5	Extremely good food for very cheap. Got a bean and cheese burrito for only $2.35 and two carne asada tacos and the food came in like 3 minutes. This place is fast, cheap, and a must try!
2	Food was ok.  More Mex than Tex.  My wife tried the hot sauce and from the face she made, I didn't touch it!  Too vinegary.  Food was ok.  Ambiance was 10 tables in a store.  For fast food, ok.  For a nice TexMex dinner, look else where.
1	Fausto's almost got two stars. Almost. That second star went down the toilet that I had to rush to about 10 minutes after eating their food. TMI, sorry, that's what their food did to me.I love Mexican food. Absolutely love it. Eat it as often as possible, it's delicious. After years of hearing about Fausto's and spending every Wednesday driving past it, we were at a loss of where to go last night, so to Fausto's we went.I ordered a two enchilada plate, and a taco. $7.00 for this, how is that cheap?When my food came out, I dove into the taco, it had a couple slivers of cheese and a head of iceburg worth of lettuce on there. After adjusting the lettuce to taco ratio, I enjoyed the flavor of the snack. $2.00 for a taco is kind of steep though, so it was not THAT good.Next up, I was curious, did Fausto's actually make their enchiladas with melted cheese inside, or are they like everywhere else and pawn off shredded cheese wrapped in a tortilla, drenched in red sauce, with melted cheese on top, as enchiladas?As I expected, but hoped to be wrong, their "enchilada" was filled with cheese that looked like it was almost on the verge of melting, a drastic improvement over other establishments, but still very disappointing.The "enchilada" flavor was OK, the shredded cheese inside just distracts from the enchilada experience.Also, when telling someone their total is $XX.50, then charge them $XX.75 for using a card, without any notice or a sign stating your policy, you insure I won't eat there again, even if the food was amazing. I hate being lied to, and I hate being charged more than you just told me I was being charged.When looking for a table to sit at, we were relegated to the table beneath the blaring tv. Why? Because every single other table in there was filthy. They had a kitchen full of staff, not that many people ordering food, yet the dining room was a sty.
4	Great, greasy Mexican food. Good prices! My only complaint would be that I don't love their enchilada sauce, it's okay but not great!
5	My main location is the one on horizon ridge, but I come here sometimes. It's consistently excellent for this style of mex, order at the counter - workn man's grub IMO. Definitely a staple. Best salsa anywhere. I usually get breakfast burritos.
4	haven't found nothing wrong with the place. been in and out this place for a few years. bacon and eggs breakfast burrito and Cali burrito. carne asada fries all good in my pocket too.
2	Cashier at a retail store over heard my nephew and I talking about wanting some Carne Asada Super Nachos. She recommended Faustos and swore up and down that it was great. I always go to Pepe's for my Super Nachos fix because their meat and beans are very tasty and the use of melted nacho cheese (like the kind you find at gas stations) makes theirs #1 in my book but we figured we'd give this joint a shot. The food was not bad at all but ok at best, the atmosphere was clean and festive and the employees were nice but this reminded me of a knock off Roberto's, which I dont care for much.#enjoylife #eatwell
4	For me, this is the closest of four Fausto's Mexican Grill locations. It's in a plaza near Henry's American Grill, which is my favorite late night spot. Fausto's has relatively saner hours, so even though I'd had it bookmarked for a really long time, I only managed to show up tonight.The photo menu of combination plates reminded me strongly of Roberto's for some reason. I didn't get any of those items. Instead, I ordered two different burritos ($4.95 for each of these), and four different sorts of tacos ($2.30 for each of these) as a takeout order for dinner. I got to try some of each.Off the bat, I had a minor disappointment when I realized that the California burrito did not contain french fries. That's right, they don't have an authentic Americanized Mexican food item. However, they did have Mexican rice and sour cream to go with the beef, and I ended up enjoying it. As for the carne asada burrito had guacamole and carne asada aplenty, and it was pretty good, but I probably will stop ordering it if given a choice since I usually don't get it anyway.I might give the tacos a try again in the future since the tortillas (one tortilla per taco) were kinda cold by the time that I got to them, but I did enjoy the fillings for what they were. Carne asada (yeah, again) was alright. Machaca was this fantastic mix of shredded beef and egg that I will probably order next time I'm there. Carnitas was essentially diced pork and tasted of pork. Al pastor seemed odd at first since it was more spicy and less sweet (no pineapple even) than what I've tried elsewhere, but I did end up enjoying it. All of the tacos had guacamole included, which justifies the price as long as you're into guacamole tacos.For those curious about it, the salsa bar (located around the corner from the register) has two salsas, one red and another more brownish. I don't think either of them are spicy. There's also cucumbers, lime wedges, and the carrot / veggie mixture that I usually don't get.I intend to try the tortas and the carne asada fries in the future. I'll probably be back since it's authentic Mexican and it's a shorter drive for me than other places are.P.S. You gotta be careful when you do takeout. If you drive too quickly, things might shift inside the containers, kinda like luggage in the overhead compartment. Lopsided tacos are not a pretty sight.
5	Amazing ! I love this place! I wish they had more closer to me! But it's worth the drive(:
1	I had their CA burrito combo for lunch on a Thursday - A CA burrito without fries? Big time FAIL. Disappointing. - Red sauce was good.- I think this is 'nuff said. Take it off the menu if you can't make it right. lol. - Don't come here for Americanized Mexican food. Great for people that never had SD Mexican food.- Their hard shredded beef tacos were tasty.
3	It's alright. I had The breakfast egg bacon and potato burrito. HUBBZ had the carne asada wet burrito, he said it was good because he was super hungry.. in man language it means he's had better.I had the green salsa on the side of my burrito, not spicy enough for me.
2	Not sure what all the fuss is about. I did not enjoy this place. This is a typical "authentic" Mexican style restaurant named after a person (you know, Roberto's, Laurita's, Pepe's, Beto's) with "authentic" meaning the flour tortillas are semi transparent due to being grilled in lard. I ordered a Machaca Torta, but they gave me a Jamon y Huevo Torta. The torta bread was blackened in places which did not add to the flavor - but detracted from it. The egg was too brown too. Basically, not a good sandwich at all. My wife ordered the #8 (2 Tacos) but got a #9 (Burrito and enchilada). So, it would have been nice to get what we ordered. The cheese in the enchilada was very odd, like thin spaghetti. It retained that shape even after heating. The enchilada sauce tasted like it came out of a can. The fries were plentiful and good however. Overall, I will not go there again. I think every one of this type of Mexican restaurant get the pictures of their combination plates from the same place.
1	I would NOT recommend this place at all!! I tired the Al pastor and asada sopes. The asada was pale looking, no color and dry. I spit out half the meat because it was fat I was chewing on.The Al pastor was mushy and overly seasoned.The sopes portion was burnt and had chunks of corn it in which made it taste sweet.. not a fan at all.The toppings on the sopes consisted of the fake prepackaged shredded cheese. Tasted like I had watered down American sour cream. The beans did not taste fresh and out of a rosarita can. To drink I had the horchata.. tasted watered down and not homemade. Def came from a package.This place was worse than Robertos. And if you've ate there you know it is just as far from authentic as taco bell.
1	This is my girlfriends favorite Mexican food place and I finally had It and IT WAS DISGUSTING! I'm Mexican so I know good Mexican food and this was not it. Their horchata gave me a horrible stomach ache and the torta had no flavor beans were cold and the rice tastes like plain old white rice even though it was orange like Mexican rice. I had to smother my torta in salsa for it to taste a little bit better. White people just don't know Mexican food. I recommend pepes tacos
4	If your hungry in the A.M.  This is the place.  Their breakfast burritos are great.  Enjoy.
1	I've only been here twice this past summer and the food was good. Thought i'd come back for more... I ordered 2 burritos. One had tons of fat and hardly no carnitas. The other had no beans-n-rice inside. Tortilla on both burritos was so large that it felt like i was only eating the wrap instead of a meal. Lastly the nachos were stale, the meat over cooked and soft drinks tasted weird. I won't be coming back.
4	I still haven't found a place that offers the same quality Mexican food as I had grown used to back home (California) but this place is pretty decent. Asada chimichanga is huge and could easily feed 2. Will be back!
1	Im sooo angry and dissapointed with this place....I ordered a breakfast (chilaquiles)and the rice and beans were good BUT the chilaquiles were so tasteless and when I told the staff the guy told me.."THERES SALT" and just pointed to the salt..the whole staff was giving me a rude attitude..I will NEVER eat here and WILL spread the word!!!
5	Everything I get her is amazing and it is cheap!  Go for the California burrito, super steak nachos, carne asada taco and al pastor taco.  Everything is good though.  Just get it all.
5	Move over Robertos, there's a new fast food authentic Mexican spot in the hood, and IT IS WAY BETTER! Don't be fooled when you walk in and think, the same menu/same food. WRONG! Just try the cheese enchilada plate, or California burrito. Shoot even the hot sauce is better. If you are looking gourmet, keep driving. But if you are craving that quick, messy, maybe make your stomach hurt but worth it taco, STOP AT FAUSTOS! I can eat tacos 24-7. You would swear I had some Hispanic in me somewhere. I like street tacos, white boy tacos, Indian fry bread tacos. It is something I eat on a weekly basis and if the family would allow it I would eat there more. I use to be a huge fan of Robertos, but now, I am spoiled and it is hard for me to eat there, knowing there is a fresher, better tasting, and cheaper option. Another plus for Faustos, I heard the first year they made it big, the owner bought every team member a truck. I believe it is true because whenever I go to the location by me, the same guy with the same truck is always there! Good service. Good Prices. Great food. EAT HERE NOW.
4	Authentic is the one word I would use to describe Faustos. With it being so close to my school, I stop by from time to time. I absolutely love the food here. True Mexican food and it comes at such an amazing price. I, most often, purchase a breakfast burrito that is only $3.95. I love this place and the food is extremely tasty. I would highly recommend Faustos if you want real Mexican food for such a spectacular price.
5	I find myself at Faustos probably once a week, the atmosphere is great. if you want real Mexican food this is the place to go. it makes Roberto's look like trash. the workers in Faustos are extremely friendly yet kind of hard to understand due to their thick Spanish accents,always happy to help. you can eat a full meal at Faustos for probably around $5 or $6. and trust me they will not sell you short, they will pack your burrito or tacos fat. would recommend 100%.
3	Food is excellent but a $.25 fee to use a credit card? Don't hold your customers responsible for your inability to negotiate a good rate with your credit card processing company.
4	I've been here a few times because it's close by..  This is basically a Roberto's but I do find it to be a tad bit better.  I like their beans.  The salsa verde is a bit spicy. The service is good and the food comes out quickly. The sign on the window says they're open from 5am - 12am so I'm assuming they aren't 24 hours.
