5	This is a wonderful independent establishment in a sea of corporate-bland food!  The food is very fresh and quite reasonably priced.   I almost always order the pho, but the steak salad is just as good on a hot day.  Like all great soup bowls you are encouraged to add as much spice, basil and lime as you like.  Don't let the small size throw you off, this place is GREAT!
4	I am a long time Vietnamese food fan... this place is right across the street from my office, so I hit it up for lunch pretty regularly. I've had the beef and chicken pho, and the bun (noodle bowl thingy), not tried the sandwich yet, but I will.The soup broth is great. The noodles are tasty. The beef soup is my favorite - it contains the yummy viet style meatballs, rare beef, and brisket. Only complaint is that it should come with more herbs, but this is Scottsdale... not Da Vang or Maxim on the Wessyde. The spring rolls are pretty good. I've had better, but I order them sometimes, anyway. A Viet spring roll is wrapped in rice paper, with noodles, pork, shrimp, and herbs inside. Not deep fried. Yum. Eat with peanut sauce, and some chile sauce or sriracha.The bun (noodle bowl) is really good, too!It's clean, the service is fast, and the food is tasty and healthy, unlike most everything else in that shopping center. To the person who said they never saw a Vietnamese sandwich before... fail. :( It's a wonderful result of the sad history of French colonialism in Vietnam, and these days, typical Viet fare. I love them at Da Vang, and will have to try one at Tea Light some time soon. Expect an update when I do! But... the pho is so good, I don't usually stray from it. Down side: With a belly full of noodles, I want to take a nap.
5	I have been going to "TLC" for a couple years now.  This is a great spot located near the movies at the Scottsdale 101 shopping center.  The number one thing, in my opinion, about restaraunts is consistency.  I have never been let down here.  I usually get the same thing everytime i go so I cant really comment on the depth of the menu.  But if you like Summer spring rolls which are packed with noodles, shrimp, pork, chicken wrapped in rice paper you will love the ones at Tea Light.  I follow the summer rolls with a huge bowl of chicken soup.  This soup has a phenominal flavor with asian noodles and a genorous amount of tasty chicken.  There are sauces left out on the tables so you can make your soup as spicy hot as you want.  The very casual order counter and friendly service allows for an evironment that makes you feel like you are at the neighhborhood Cafe.  You will see the same people there everytime and they are as nice and appreciative of your business as they can be.   If you are looking for a good lunch or a healthy dinner...TLC is your spot!
4	I've recently become a huge pho fan, so I was excited to try Tea Light Cafe, which is right in my neighborhood.  While it wasn't quite as authentic as a place I was recently turned onto in Downtown LA, it was still very tasty  and fresh.  A cup of hot tea and a bowl of pho is always wonderful on a cold winter day!  At $8, it's enough for two to share, or it can be two meals for one person!  We don't exactly have a lot of independent ethnic restaurants in this area, so it's nice to have Tea Light Cafe serving up yummy Vietnamese food - hopefully people will continue to support it.
5	Even though the temps are over 100 for what seems to be like 9 months a year these days, I always make time for the soup here.  Tea Light is only like 10 minutes from the office, and it is one of my favorites.I've eaten here more times than I can count, and I always get the Chicken or Beef soup.  The soup broth is always so flavorful and robust.  I love that they bring you fresh herbs and bean sprouts to add it right at the last second.  It really makes the soup seem so fresh.  I know I shouldn't, but I always finish the broth.  it just seems too good to waste...  The spring rolls are a nice change of pace as well.  They aren't fried, and are packed with good stuff.  One of my co-workers always gets the Pork Ball sandwich, and I don't think you could pry it from his hands while eating it.The people that run this restaurant are really friendly and always have a smile on their face.  The restaurant itself is tiny, so don't be discouraged if you cannot find a seat right away.
4	Love this place! I moved here last year from Orlando, which has a suprisingly robust Vietnamese community and tons of great places to get Vietnamese food. I was thrilled to find this near my home and the food is great.I usually get the chicken pho, which is very good. It comes with sprouts and spices like cilantro, jalapenos, scallions, etc. that you can add to the broth. This allos you to make it as mild or spicy as your mood demands and allows you to play "chef" a little, which is an added bonus.
2	I'd characterize myself as a Pho Ho (I know that doesn't rhyme) so this rating is going to be lower than what other people may thing simply because my standards for Pho are snobbishly high.A very cute place, the decor and ambiance seems built very much upon the words "serenity" and "harmony", which is great, but as you might tell with the tone of this post, comes off a little corny.That said, the food here is not too bad.  For lunch, it's a decently priced meal for a lot of grub.I got the Shrimp & Pork Spring Rolls and the Pho (which they call Beef Noodles I believe).  My first impression unfortunately when the app came out was that the Spring Rolls used iceberg lettuce instead of basil or mint or a more dark green leafy green.  The iceberg lettuce gave the Spring Rolls a cheaper feel that I didn't really enjoy.The Pho was better though they seemed quite stingy on the accoutrement, as I got two jalapeno slices and a sorry looking stem of basil.  In addition, the thin slices of beef were definitely overcooked and tasted not unlike a sponge.  But the noodles themselves were solid and the broth with a little Sriracha got my blood and tastebuds pumping.I don't know if I'll come back but I would say for lunch, this place is not a bad place to introduce somebody to Vietnamese food.
4	I've been eating here for over a year now and the food has always been consistent and fresh. The broth of the pho has always been one of my favorites and the marinated beef Bahn mi (vietnamese sandwich) is out of this world. It's very easy to feed 2 people, a filling meal and healthy meal for less that $20.I've noticed that the place has definitely more customers now so that tells me that the cafe is doing something right. The service is always quick, kind and mindful.I will always be a customer as long as they are in business..
4	I miss this place! I used to get lunch from here quite regularly when I worked in the area - excellent noodle bowl with imperial rolls, fresh veggies, and great tea. Well priced. Friendly and quick service.
4	I'm vising from the Bay Area, where great Vietnamese places are on every street corner, and I've been searching for some local Vietnamese places for some time. I was VERY happy to find this place!  If there's one thing I don't like about Scottsdale, it is that most 'good food' places are way too fancy; I want 'holes in the wall' with stellar food and this place fit the bill.  I'll be back to try their sandwiches, but the Pho (soup) was a good start.  Everyone seemed to know the owners, who obviously take care of their clientel.
4	This was my first visit and I've been wanting to go for some time. It was well worth the wait. I enjoyed it very much. It was a lot of food but, didn't sit heavy on you at all. Very simple food with very fresh ingredients. I had the beef noodle bowl with the egg rolls, next time I want to try out they're soup.
4	Looove their pho. It's a pretty tiny place, but really clean and everyone is really friendly that works there. It's in a great location too. It's the closest Vietnamese restaurant to me so I go there the most often, in fact I'm going there for dinner tonight!
5	Deliciousfoodandspecialperkownerblendsexoticteasfortraditionalmedicinalpurposes.
5	Love this place b/c it reminds me of the amazing Vietnamese I could get in L.A.  I've been searching for it since I left and I have finally found the noodles, bbq beef, eggroll, cilantro and fish sauce combo I fell in love with the first time I had Vietnamese.  I can't say I've tried anything else on the menu b/c it's so dang good, I can't stray.  Since I was there two years ago, they've thrown a little money into the decor and it's turning out to be a pretty cute joint.  They also started doing fancy green teas, hot and cold and have made some menu additions that look tempting.  It's right next to the movie theatre and I go there any time I'm on that side of town.  I wish I lived closer.
4	Got a dinner to go at the Tea Light Cafe last night and was really impressed.  The chicken pho is delicious and comes with the toppings (noodles, chicken, cilantro, etc) on the side.  We tried the chicken and the beef bahn-mi which weren't completely authentic but really good sandwiches regardless.  Overall, really liked the food.  Only mistake was to try and pick it up on a Friday night around 7pm.  The parking lot was filled with movie-madness.
4	What a great little spot!Went last night and I ordered the pho and she ordered the chicken soup. We both loved our food and would go again for sure. The pho was so good, I finished the whole monsterous bowl! The owner (I am guessing he is the owner) was working and was very helpful. Don't be discouraged that this is located in a strip mall. Do yourself a favor and give it a try. It is cheap and worth the experience.
5	I am so in love with their chicken pho! Its the best I've had so far! I get takeout sometimes because it is right near work. FYI-Picking up to go is really hard on weekends because of the lack of parking due to the movie theater and other businesses.
4	I was craving Bun with chicken and discovered this place via Yelp. Turns out it's about a mile from me which is a huge bonus. Their Bun totally hit the spot and I really liked the egg rolls. I just moved here from the Bay Area where Vietnamese is plentiful. TLC ranks up there with the good CA places I've eaten at. The atmosphere of the place is warm and cute. Very clean. The owner was there and very nice. Took good care of my needs. You will be seeing me there on a regular basis :)
4	Thanks, Yelp for helping me find this delicious restaurant in Scottsdale. They offer good pho! You can get 2 spring rolls, 2 egg rolls, and a pho for under $10 for lunch. The ingredients were fresh and tasty.It can get very crowded due to the small space inside. However, on a nice day, you can enjoy your meal on the patio. This place is popular and busy...order first, find a seat next. The atmosphere is great!They don't give out order numbers, but instead someone passes your table with a cart of food and asks you what you ordered. Remember what you ordered! Once you tell the guy, he'll hand you your meal.Try this place the next time you are in the mood for pho and are in the area!
5	Loved it!This is a terrific alternative to the "look alike" restaurants in Scottsdale.It is not fancy, meaning there are no white table cloths and the like, but the food is so good and light (and very well portioned)!The service is friendly and good.  I had to grab my own drinks and silverware, but the table was cleared immediately when I finished.And the price is right on!
4	Great place to get some fast Vietnamese food. The semi-sit down environment is good for eating out on your lunch break. Tables are clean and have a cool zen-like touch with pebbles and stones embedded inside the glass.But lets talk food folks. The portions are pretty light, but it sure is tasty. BBQ beef is delicious, and they also have a small boba tea and iced coffee offering. Good stuff.
4	Been a customer ever since the Cine Capri Theatre opened...have never really ventured too far from the noodle bowls untll tonight.  Ordered the Pork Meatball Sandwich and I have got to say, it is one of the top ten sandwiches I have eaten in my life.  (I lived in NY and SF so I know a thing or two about a good sandwich)  A great mix of crusty french bread, cilantro, shredded carrots, vietnamese sweet hot dressing, tasty garlic gingery pork meatballs and lettuce!  Also ordered hot tea, which is outside of the box for me, it was served in a cast iron tea kettle with an infuser inside.  An excellent blend of organic tea and citrus peel.  Really good!  Have always enjoyed the food and service here... the owners are always friendly and grateful!  If you are looking for a healthier alternative to an inexpensive meal before showtime this is the place.  Now I think I am headed there just for the sandwich, skip the darn show!
5	Had take out pho (beef) last night, and my friend had the chicken bun.  Just excellent again, and now I'm left wondering why I'm not eating here more frequently than once a month.  The pho broth is consistently excellent, and the beef was served very well, including a well packaged piece of rare beef, as pho should be served.  The ingredients' freshness was superb.  If I didn't mention it before, the packaging, other than being environmentally bad, is very convenient.My friend reports his chicken bun was pretty excellent.   Anyway--five stars for excellent vietnamese take out.  You should be eating here.
4	Finally veered away from my usual sandwich or cold rice noodles and ordered the beef pho....darn it was good!
3	If the star rating was just for the Beef Pho recenlty, it would be 5 stars!  If it was for their Boba, it would be a 1 - thus the compromise of a 3 star rating.The Boba I had was, well, disgusting.  Admittedly, I make my own at home so have high expectations.  Theirs was so overcooked that it was completely mushy and had a very odd aftertaste.  NOT something I would ever order from them again.  Hopefully they've improved it since I tried it almost 9 months ago...I've refused to try it since.
5	Perhaps I shouldn't be writing this review since I've only had one dish there, but I love it.  Their Pho Ga is very good.  Really fresh and tasty.  They also have some good teas.  They have a decaf raspberry rooibos tea I really like.  I've ate there 3 times, and it's been great every time.I was really missing good Vietnamese food after living in the San Francisco/Oakland areas for over 8 years.  Finally I found this restaurant to satiate my cravings.  Unfortunately, it is a little bit out of the way for me.  I hope they open another location!
3	2.5 to 3.0 stars but i'm feeling generous so i'm going to rate up.  I've been here 4x-5x to satisfy a pho or banh mi craving and each time I leave feeling a little unsatisfied even though I know not to expect much.  Pros- 1 of 3 Vietnamese restaurants in the N. Phoenix/N. Scottsdale area- Small, locally-owned business- Safe intro to vietnamese cuisine Cons- Lack of choices/competition in the vicinity keeps the food standards    set to mediocre- Atypical pho menu:  beef version omits tendon, tripe, and different    slices of beef- Where's the meat? Skimpy with the meat in pho - 3 ham banh mi (sub) should have 3 types of pork not 2.  Otherwise call it a 2-meat sub.  - Subs don't have the standard offerings like daikon radish or peppers - Pricey. $7.25 for pho and $5 for banh mi.  Yes, for those that aren't   familiar $5 is high as it is double what other places charge.this is what a vietnamese sub should look like: http://www.chow.com/assets/2009/07/pork_pate_banh_mi_sandwich_600.jpg
4	Great Pho. Always pleasant staff and consistent quality. Prices are a little steep considering the cuisine, but the location is obviously the reason why. Small dining room, that can be hard to get a group of more than 2 into at peak times. Highly recommended, but if your on a budget split a bowl. Trust me, theres plenty.
3	Tried this place for dinner tonight.  While it was decent, I didn't love it.  We got 2 entrees and 1 appetizer for the family.  I ordered the chicken bun which came with 2 spring rolls.  The kids split an order of pork spring rolls and the hubby got the BBQ beef and rice dish.  The beef BBQ was excellent as well as the noodles in the bun dish and the veggies.  The veggies were very fresh.  The egg rolls were a bit disappointing - sort of mushy on the inside and while the chicken was tender, it had a very generic soy sauce flavoring and not the usual vietnamese lemon grass type of flavoring that I am used to.  Will try this place again, mostly due to the proximity to our home and also to try the pho.
3	Well, it is complicated once you live so close to Mekong plaza...but this place has a good variety of food and the thing that I most liked was actually the tea and the way it was served!! I realized too late they did have boba tea!!Food was ok, and the service really friendly. Make sure not to confuse it with the nail shop!!
4	First, overall impressions are very good. This is a nice, simple, hole in the wall. It's a simple, friendly introduction to Vietnamese cuisine. It is what it claims to be - a "Vietnamese Deli". You order at the counter and your food is brought to you. I had the Beef Pho which had a very nice broth (once I added the requisite amount of chili sauce - personal preference) with tasty meat and rice noodles. The amount of meat was a bit skimpy, but ok. My friend had the chicken salad which was basically a salad topped with grilled chicken meat, which was accompanied by a very tasty dressing. I had a nice green tea with pomegrenate that was very tasty. Didn't sample the Vietnamese Coffee as I didn't want to have a particularly late night. This is a place I'd come back to for a simple meal before or after a movie at the nearby Harkins Scottsdale 101. Some of the possible negatives are price (a bit high, but heck it is Scottsdale, and the rent must be a small fortune at that shopping center), and the lack of choice. Grades (a new tradition in my reviews) Overall:  B  (there is only one grade for food, and nothing meriting an                       overall grade reduction)Service - No Grade - as there is no real table service here. Folks at the                 counter were nice thoughFood -     B - Above average. Good, fresh, simple Vietnamese food,                  albeit overpriced. Drinks -  No Grade - as I didn't sample the Vietnamese Coffee, and                no alcoholic beverages are served here.
4	I only give this place 4 stars because I am not sure who to compare it to. I have not branched out and found other convenient Pho places near me since I moved to the Valley 2 years ago. This place is right near my work, and I can get in and out for lunch in well under an hour. It is a 'mom and pop' place and the owners are always manning the register or serving the food. I like that. I have had both the chicken and the steak Pho, and the steak kind of turned me off. The beef looked very unsavory and didn't taste great, but the chicken is always good and never too dry. All in all, a good place to try.
4	Love me some pho!  Good stuff here, no bells and whistles.  I come here a few times a week.
5	Love this place! I love it so much that I'm very surprised at the tepid reviews. A cozy Vietnamese deli with warm, fast and efficient counter service, this is exactly the kind of eatery I regularly seek out. I tried the vegetable sandwich and the Vietnamese coffee. The sandwich, served on French bread, was topped with fresh veggies, including shredded carrots, cilantro and mint, and a sweet aioli spread. It was flavorful, fresh and filling. The coffee, mixed with condensed milk, was sweet, but not too sweet -- just the way I like it.My only complaint: it's a bit on the high side for this type of fare. My meal came to $10; at Lee's, the tab would have been $7 tops. But this a nicer place than Lee's, where the service and atmosphere leave something to be desired.I will be back. This place is a new favorite.
4	As far as a variety of Vietnamese restaurants to choose from in North Scottsdale, there is none.  Just the fact that this place exists where it does warrants at least 1-star!I've been here a few times and it is always good.  The menu is not very big...but everything I've had is always good.  It always bothers me though that they don't call their pho by its real name, or their sandwiches as banh mi.  But oh well, this is NoSco...have to cater to culturally inept folks.  I've had their beef pho, and it was decent.  Nothing to rave about from what I remember, but it definitely works.  I'll need to try it again to give a full report.  Recently I just tried their #7 "Marinated Beef Sandwich" (Banh Mi)...and it was delicious.  Thinly sliced, marinated pieces of beef (grilled), with lettuce, cilantro, shredded carrots, cucumbers, and a yummy mayo sauce.  I'm not as well versed with Banh Mi as I am with pho (im a "pho-natic" lol), but as far as my taste buds could tell....the sandwich was darn yummy. The owners are always there and as others have said, are super nice.  Although I don't find it to be the most authentic Vietnamese place, definitely stop by this place if you enjoy Vietnamese food and need your quick fix.
5	Absolutely delicious.  Quality materials, phenomenal flavors - everything to love.  It has a nice mom & pop feel despite being in a strip shopping center in Scottsdale.  It's hard to decide between the beef noodle dish with eggrolls and the sandwiches - so I rarely choose - I just get both and take it home.  This is the kind of place where you order extra to have for later!
4	This is the best Pho I've found in town yet.  Good spring rolls to, the sauce was a little to runny though.  I hit this place up 3 times a month to get my vietnamese fix.
5	This place is awesome! I have been coming here for years, and have never had an experience that was less than stellar.  The pork chops frequent my dreams, the egg rolls combined with the fresh mint are incredible, and all the soups and sandwiches are great lunch options.What makes this place so great? Well, first and foremost is the freshness of the ingredients.  Second is the simplicity of the menu, there are not a ton of options, but everything is excellent.  Third is the service; always friendly and efficient.  If there is one problem it is that seating can be limited during busy times, but that just speaks to how awesome this place is.  I have recommended Tea Light to many people and they have all loved it, so if you haven't tried it, you missing out.
5	I'm giving Tea Light Cafe an extra star (well deserved) for being an independent restaurant in the middle of corporate-eatery-Scottsdale. But rest assured, the food, value and experience merit a solid 4 stars if not higher. I dine here often and every meal has been spot on. Ethnic food is a staple of mine and Vietnamese dining is always a treat; I think it's healthier than other varieties, but what do I know. I'm still eating off value menus.I've had the Pho several times, and it's very good; but I'm not a big Pho fan. It's soup. I don't care how big the bowl is... soup is not a meal. It's an appetizer. If I want a light meal, I order their Spring Rolls. They're loaded with shrimp and some other meat (I think it's pork) and the wrapping is see-through. I can see what's inside the roll.  I love them. Yes they are appetizers too, so if you follow my philosophy, they should not count as a meal either.  But they are shaped like hot dogs, which are a meal. Are you following this?My favorite dish is "The Number 3" which is a huge bowl filled with rice noodles, grilled beef, lots of veggies and it's topped with an awesome egg roll. See the pic uploaded by Renick T. That's my dish and I'm sticking with it. This dish is featured at many Vietnamese establishments.  Tea Light does it very well. When I eat this dish, the entire world comes into balance and I feel an inner connection to the universe.  The Buddha statutes in the shop come to life and smile lovingly upon me, my meal, my table and my pals.  OOOOOHHHHHMMMMMM.
5	On a hot day, on a cold day.  Pho is the Vietnamese version of Chicken Soup for the Soul. YES, we live in a climate where 75% of the year is over 90 degrees. But really there are few things as great as the healing properties of a good bowl of Pho.My fiance and I have been coming here for years - and within the past year - they have really made some improvements.  They've redecorated, and improved their patio furniture (yes, we've actually eaten Pho outside in the middle of summer!)  They've even gotten new plates/bowls.  Just when we thought they couldn't improve they did!Tea Light Cafe is an amazing little Vietnamese restaurant located on the cusp of North Scottsdale and Phoenix.  Location Location Location:  Conveniently situated next to the Harkins Cine Capri and Buffalo Wild Wings at the Scottsdale 101 plaza - it is a high traffic area.  Perfect to grab a bite before a movie - OR, if you are like my fiance and I, perfect to grab a few beers at BWW and then head to Tea Light Cafe for some REAL food.  For all the positives of the location comes anegative.  The menu is a bit toned down and you're not going to find the ultra authentic foods here (no tripe or tendon!).  North Scottsdale isn't quite ready for that.  What you will find is a small menu with all of the essentials you need.  A fantastic minimalist approach - offer a smaller menu but offer everything on the menu to the level of perfection.Like clockwork the super friendly owners and employees know our order.  Beef and Beefball Pho Noodle Soup for me, Vietnamese Pork and Vermicelli Noodles for my fiance, and of course an order of super fresh, light, cool spring rolls to start.  Perfect to combat the heat.  Oh - and a cup for ice tea - because they have some of the most amazing ice tea brews.  Soo refreshing and flavorful you don't even need sugar!if you decide to split the Pho I believe they charge you a split fee.  But because we always order two entrees - they bring out a small bowl so my fiance and I can share (the portions are huge and there's no way I could finish a whole bowl).  A wonderful, fresh, huge meal for about $20.00!  And let me tell you - nothing beats a hangover like a huge bowl of Pho Noodle Soup (doused in Chili Paste and the Rooster of course!).Although I've never had the Banh I have friends who have ordered it and loved it!The one other thing I suggest is to eat at the restaurant.  The food needs to be fresh and hot to really enjoy it.Hot or cold temps - nothing's gonna come between me and my Pho!
5	Delicious food and "special perk "owner blends exotic teas for traditional medicinal purposes.
1	The bubble/boba tea was absolutely disgusting.
5	My girlfriend and I love this place. The pho is awesome comfort food. It just feels right in the fall. Be sure to use the sauces on the table to heat things up!
2	Oh boy! Where do I start? First off, it was 110 in the middle of summer, and they didn't even bother to turn on the AC, only had fans on (#1 big no no, especially given the nice area of Scottsdale). I saw the thermostat say 92 inside!!!!! Secondly, their menu selection is pretty limited. Just Pho Bo, Pho Ga and a few of their so-called Banh Mi.I ordered their Pho Bo. Soup was totally bland, the meat was really dry (actually come to think of it, there were barely any beef in it!). Prices were pretty expensive too.I also tried their pork Banh Mi sandwich. Boy what a mistake, the bread crumbled, the sauce too sweet, the pork was dry. There was no pate in it whatsoever, definitely not an "official Banh Mi".This place does not do Viet Cuisine justice. It is totally catering to the Non-asian taste.I would recommend going to Da Vang, Khai Hoan for a good hearty bowl of Pho.
5	This is by far the best Vietnamese food I have ever had! Short of visiting the country! LOL! The spring rolls are to die for, the soups are always fresh made to order and that is just the beginnning! My husband and I have been going here for 6 years! So glad the weather is cooling to make the soup that much more enjoyable!Love the new decor! You can buy the real matcha green tea here as well!Pamela,
3	I know a lot of people have been digging this place and that's awesome! I love Vietnamese food but... I can't warrant this as true Vietnamese food. As far as the pho, the choices are limited and the meat and broth doesn't have the traditional flavor. On the other hand, there are not many Viet places around n. Scottsdale so if you are looking for a quick fix and your in the neighborhood check tea lite out. Vietnamese food is getting a bit trendy as a healthy meal but don't let this place be the only one you visit. It's a drive but Chandler and Mesa have some real great places for traditional Vietnamese food.
3	Scant meat for the price.  I only come here because it's the only choice near my house.  The soup is not bad tasting and hits the spot but could I get a little more protein with those noodles, please?
5	The pork meatball sandwich is the single best sandwich I have ever eaten! The pho is always delicious, shrimp spring rolls are refreshing, and the tea is first rate.I always feel appreciated when I come here, and I never leave unsatisfied.
4	I like this place for a quick fix. Love the bbq with noodles/rice, eggrolls are ok but I do love the spring rolls. The only issue I have are the boba drinks, they are not very good at all. I wish they would figure it out because if their boba drinks were better, I'd buy a drink daily, seriously! But I do like the place a lot and I think the new owners are really nice.
3	Found this hidden place by accident. You order at the counter and they bring your food to the table. we started with shrimp and pork spring rolls. They were good and a large portion. When it comes to Pho the choices are limited to basic chicken or beef. It is definitely aimed towards main stream eaters...nothing exotic here. The chicken Pho was good. The broth was fabulous. I would try the bun next time...I liked it here and if I was close by I would return. I don't think I will go out of my way to become a regular.
4	I get Pho and a taro boba every time I eat here. It's always really well prepared. I wish they had a little bit more variety on their menu, but everything I've had has always been tasty and I love the owner and the staff. Great place to eat before catching a movie
3	This is the closest place that offers a decent bowl of pho, my comfort food on a cold or cloudy day. I always have my order taken out since this little place is always packed during lunch time. I've tried the Pho with beef (#11), the Tea lite sandwich with grilled beef, and the Bun (#3). And my fav is the Pho, especially the broth! The sandwich was okay, i thought the grilled beef was a bit too salty.. And the Bun was good, but the same as the sandwich, salty beef...This is definitely a good place to grab a quick lunch with limited time, fast, affordable, and tasty!!
4	Very good food
4	Love the beef bun, chicken pho and the egg rolls. Really, you can't go wrong here!
2	I had heard good things about this place from friends and now I am really questioning their palettes! The Pho was very sub par. Not a large portion at all for a $7.95 price tag. They served it with wilted old cilantro and about 12 bean sprouts...no basil. The manager said they were all out of basil in the state of Arizona. The shrimp and pork fried eggrolls for $5.95? Horrible. 3 pieces cut into half served with two small pieces of lettuce and old cilantro and 1 sprig of mint. It's like they don't keep their veggies in a cooler. There is much better Vietnamese food in the city, try Pho Tanh and Maxim, both in central Phoenix.
4	Tea Light Cafe is a great restaurant, no doubt about it.  The only reason for not ticking in at five stars is because of the lack of depth to the menu.  Other than that, the food is impeccable, owners are extremely friendly and the decor and seats always accommodate.  I always order the same thing here, the chicken pho.  I grab a table next to the wall and proceed to wait approx three minutes for that cart to come rolling out of the kitchen with various goodies, all for my consumption!  The huge bowl of soup that arrives, steaming all the way to your table, has a fantastic aroma.  I highly recommend hitting this place up after you see a movie in the theater next door.
5	I'm from Washington D.C. where Pho is a way of life.  I started working in Phoenix/Scottsdale about 15 months ago and was always craving a bowl of pho when I started to miss D.C.  Given my love of Yelp! you'd think I'd have just got on here but it just never occurred to me.I found this place purely by happenstance when  going to lunch with co-workers at Buffalo Wild Wings.  I now go to Tea Light Cafe sometimes twice a week.I've only been indulging in pho for about five to six years but in that time span I've enjoyed pho in over 50 pho specific or vietnamese restaurants.  Tea Light definitely scores in my top 10. So specific to the pho.  Tea Light is more of a vietnamese cafe/restaurant that has pho than a "pho spot" where the menu might be 20 variations of pho.So here go the important parts:The broth - spiced to perfection. I will admit my palate prefers a saltier pho.   That being said I could show up daily and have them put some broth in a thermos and I could drink it all day.  The noodles - the rice noodles have just the right texture and the right quantity.Meat - Compared to more pho specific spots Tea Light only offers beef or chicken compared to flank steak and round eye or tripe and brisket.  Though it's limited to beef or chicken I feel the meat is consistently of good quality and portion.  The meat appears butchered properly and I never find myself trying to resolve some giant chunk of fat.  Very lean and very yummy.Veggies - A little lacking.  Typically you get twice as many bean sprouts, jalapeno peppers and cilantro.  I'm willing to assume though that if I actually asked for more they would give it to me.I'm sorry to say that given the quality of their pho I never tried anything else on their menu.  I plan on coming back whenever my need for pho becomes unbearable or if I'm just driving by.  This place is great.
5	My go to place when I want something delicious and quick. I always get the pho which is just so damn good! Noodles are soft and the broth is da bomb. Perfect remedy for a cold, sore throat, or an empty stomach. The other reason why I love this soup is that it has no stinky pho smell that most pho soups have. Does anyone know what I'm talking about?!Comes in a big bowl that can be shared or have it all to yourself! A little pricey but nothing to cry about. Mmmm...craving one now...I should go before they close in 30 minutes...
5	Great food.  Wonderful, friendly service.   I highly recommend.
4	Let's not get too crazy with the five stars and Vietnamese food. It's hearty, affordable and fast. It may not be savory but, however, remains delicious for both humble and economic reasons. And that's okay, because I want to experience different cultures and their cuisine without all the American influences.Tasty offerings include the (#3) beef with egg roll and their "pho bo."  The beef is seasoned "awesomely" and comes with fried spring rolls over a California-king-sized bed of rice noodles and greens. As for the "pho", it is a very delicious soup that you must try at least once in life.  Lastly, compliment your meal with a Tai tea or Vietnamese coffee and you'll leave much more caffeinated (and perhaps happier) than you arrived.
4	I used pass this place every time I went to the movies or to get my nails done next door.  My husband loves vietnamese food, so he had been there a couple of times.  Finally I agreed to go with him before a movie.  I am hooked on the shredded chicken sandwich.  A great combination of veggies (carrots, cucumber, sprouts) and very well seasoned chicken on a crunchy baguette.  My husband had the pho.  I am not big on soups, so I tasted his, I could actually eat that next time, although I have been to this place and I feel like a broken record, I always have the chicken sandwich.
3	the food is very good here but the service isnt very nice. they dont greet or thank customers properly. i dont know why the owner is so mean when i come here all the time. so i have to give it three stars for the bad service they need to learn better customer service or at least some manners
5	I am huge fan of this place!  I have been going there for about 3 years now as they are very close to my office.  I can call in an order, drive over there in 5 minutes and it is ready for me.  It is always the same gentleman helping me as the cashier.  The quality of the food is AWESOME!!  I am pretty snobby about my Asian food :-).  The only thing that I get confused on is do I tip?
4	Yay!!!! I've finally found a decent Vietnamese restaurant in North Scottsdale.  I had the PHO (customized the way I like it) and a sandwich.  Both were really good!  Very reasonably price and the service couldn't be faster.  I just wish they had a bigger menu but they have the basics so I will be back for sure!
5	All items on menu are full of flavor.  You can eat inside or outside. Take home is available too. You get a ton of food for the money. I love the matcha(drink). It's the absolute BEST.  Owners husband and wife, so cool, my first time in I was looking for something tasty, new with a good feeling after I ate it.  I asked what do you recommend for a rookie.  Chicken pho soup, spring rolls. That was two years ago. Kid friendly too.
4	Incredible chicken sandwich.  Go for it!
4	Although my Vietnamese friend informed me this particular place wasn't completely authentic, we both agreed that the flavors were fresh, simple and yet still rich and full bodied. I've come here on several occasions, and I'm always satisfied and pleased. All the dishes are I've tried have been pleasing.
4	A tip of the hat, make that a Non La, to these folks and to Vietnamese food in general.  The perfect place for a quick and filling lunch that's easy on the old wallet and gentle on my diet.
5	I have to say that this was a great restaurant. My partner and I went there for dinner today, and we both enjoyed it immensely. I chose the beef pho, which I had never tried before, and was very impressed. The flavor was very good, and it was filled with lots of great ingredients. My partner ordered the beef and rice bowl, also very delicious. The beef had great flavor combinations, sweet and salty, with a nice kick to it. It came with two egg rolls on top, which were some of the best that I've ever had. For these two entrees and two small drinks, it was just about $19.00, which I think is quite a considerable bargain because of the huge portions that you receive. We will definitely plan on returning to the wonderful establishment, and recommend it to anyone who is willing to try something different!
4	Fantastic beef noodle bowls. The beef is perfectly charred and delicious. My only complaint is that the staff isn't always super friendly and sometimes the wait is a bit much.
3	It is my favorite vietnamese restaurant.It's small but clean. Their soups are great. They serve fresh and tasty foods.Portion is not big enough for me though.I wish they serve bigger size meals.
4	I am definitely not an expert in Vietnamese food, just to put that out there.  That said, I really enjoy Tea Lite Cafe.  My co-workers and I go here regularly, and it is a staple in the portfolio.  I get the #1 and honestly don't remember its name, only the deliciousness of the rice noodles and beef.  The beef has amazing flavor and I wish there was about twice as much included in the dish (not just because it tastes good, but also because I could use a little bit more protein to get me through the afternoon).  We often get an order of the shrimp spring rolls to help supplement the lunches here.The service is very fast.  Important tip for weekday lunches:  get there early!  This place fills up quickly and does not have many tables.
4	I have tried a couple other Vietnamese food restaurants and think Tea Lite has the freshest ingredients and best overall flavor. #1 or #3 depending if I want more beef or spring rolls. The pork ball sandwich is also tasty. The soups are great when it is cooler. Pasadena on them in summer.I usually go there for lunch. It can get crowded at 12pm so you may want to try earlier or a little later.
5	Maybe it's because I first tried this place on a day I got some GREAT news, but I REALLY like Tea Light.  I've experienced the greatness that is Tea Light twice now and I can honestly say this place hits the spot in my world.  I am so happy to now have a go-to place for excellent take out, which is not your ordinary meal.So far I've tried the beef pho, the chicken sandwich, the egg rolls, and the beef noodle bowl.  Everything was great!  I really liked the freshness of the chicken sandwich and the awesome sauce that came on it.  The pho is great and I love that it comes with everything you need to jazz it up on the side.  Since I am not a fan of cilantro, I was happy the second time that they honored my request to not put it in the soup... yay!  The egg rolls are crunchy deliciousness, which is a complement to any meal.  Basically what I am trying to say is I am thoroughly happy to have found this place- thank you yelp once again!
4	Having grown up in LA, I'm used to seeking out local Vietnamese places for a pho fix. My bf and I found this place on Yelp and tried it out for the first time a few weeks ago. We both ordered the Tea Lite Special which included one pho entree, a spring roll, and two egg rolls. The beef was good and the broth itself really made the pho delicious. I also enjoyed the egg rolls, but I will probably skip the spring roll next time.The place was busy, but we had no problem ordering and our food arrived in 15 minutes. The egg rolls and spring roll came out even sooner. Plenty of seating with indoor and outdoor tables.Good customer service, fair prices, and delicious iced tea! What more can you ask for in a quick and easy lunch spot.
5	I eat here at least once a week.  My favorite meal is #14, with extra beef.  Chris and his wife are very accommodating, nice, and always welcoming.  The atmosphere is light, fun and the staff always has a smile.  Definitely come here for a great time with some awesome Vietnamese food!
2	One word sums this place up - overrated! It was a Sunday and I tried locating a Thai or Pho establishment and everything nearby was closed except for Tea Lite Cafe.Located in a large big box shopping center Tea Lite Cafe is small and was fulled to capacity. When I inquired to the Asian if they had a sign in waiting list he replied no so we had to wait and then place our order and then waited to be seated. When I received my plate of bean spouts, mints, lime and slice jalapenos the portion was the smallest ever for a Pho restaurant. The bowl of pho I received was small with a small amount of meats and was over priced in my opinion. In addition the broth tasted sweet and tasted like sugar was added to the broth!  I don't add any sauces when I eat Pho so this just didn't taste natural at all.I would not return here again.
4	I totally dig this place because it has some tasty broth for the Pho. I was super confused on how to order and the menu and all that but in the end I just ended up with a bowl of Pho, which was fine with me!The broth was so good I really didn't have to add anything to it. I went in at about 12:45PM. This seems like a place that a lot of people that work in the area go to. The staff was very friendly to everyone and I think that everyone else in there was a local. Pretty good and is going on my list! Oh and to find a Pho place that has a soda fountain machine is rare! Other places usually just give you a can of soda. Not this place. Fountain all the way!I'd go back, for sure.
3	My parents love pho so I've practically been enjoying Vietnamese cuisine since the womb. Ha! No wonder I love it so much myself that it was always on the weekly dinner rotation when I lived in OC. Alas, I moved to North Phoenix and I dont have little pho shops or boba cafes on every street corner. I've learned that I have to drive a ways to Chandler/Mesa to satisfy these cravings. Imagine my surprise when the husband and I noticed Tea Lite Cafe when we changed up our movie theater location this past weekend. Of course, we had to try it out and we'd been dying for some pho for months now.We both ordered the beef pho and took a seat. The place is small but there's plenty of seating and still feels spacious. The cashier up front was super friendly and welcoming which was nice. We didn't have to wait too long for our food to arrive...another plus. The pho itself has really tasty broth and the beef was nice and tender. I was disappointed by the small portion of bean sprouts, mint leaves and limes that accompanied the soup. I'm used to overflowing plates of these veggies so I can load up my soup to my heart's desire. In fact, my hubby usually counts on me doing this since I end up eating all my veggies and leaving most of the beef for him. Double ha! But the lack of sprouts and mint leaves didn't put a damper on the great taste of the pho. What I did miss was the traditional pho ingredients like tripe, rare steak and tendons. I know, I know...sounds intense but trust me it makes pho taste soooo good. I guess I just have a usual when it comes to pho so I was a little disappointed when I couldn't satisfy my craving to the utmost degree. Woe is me. But let me conclude by stating again that the pho here is really good and has a great flavor to the broth. I think the hubby and I will go back since it is so conveniently located to us. It'll definitely do in a pinch although I am sure I will occasionally find myself making the trek to get me some tripe!
5	This is the best noodle soup bowl place I can find in the area.  I drive 30+ minutes just to go eat here. They are super fast serving up the noodle soup bowls.  Today I got one to go and it was ready before I paid for it!The people are very friendly.  I've also had the spring roll and it was really good too.Recommend this for a fast, delicious meal.  It always seems to have people eating there. At lunch today it was packed inside and out.
3	although i gave 3 stars i would go back.  tea lite is close to me so an easy choice to start my pho adventure.  liked the combo that included pho, egg rolls and a spring roll.  nice variety and just the right portion.  i always get pho with seafood but they don't offer it so i was bummed about that.  ordered the beef and liked the taste plus it wasn't salty like some places i've tried.  the combo was about $7 so very reasonably priced.
4	There are only 3 words you need to say at this place: "tea, light, special." For soup lovers out there, this will not disappoint. One area which could be improved is the quality of the meat used (particularly the beef.) Prefer the chicken for this reason. Overall, great food for a good price.
5	Great food with friendly and fast service. They have a few gluten free options and everything is dairy free. I would highly recommend Tea Lite!
2	Ate here for lunch the other day, food was pretty meh. I'd give 2.5 stars if I could, the spring rolls were very nice and stuffed with shrimp. However, the order of chicken I had was completely dried out -- it was seriously like eating chalk. The flavor was ok, I guess, but the meat was so overcooked it was impossible to really tell.
4	Great little cafe.  Go for the chicken sandwich, it's great!  The Pho is also good.
5	A visit to this place is how I treat myself! I love, love, love the pho, sandwiches, bun, and spring rolls.  If you are undecided on what to order, go with the special-- it's a little sampling of everything.  I know this place "Americanized", I've had more authentic Vietnamese before, but it's still quite tasty ;) It's also very consistent-- something I value in my lunch take-out places. Service is quick and very friendly.  I'm very appreciative of the speed-- when dining in the restaurant, we are able to get in and out during lunch in less than an hour.
4	This is our weekly destination for Vietnamese. North Scottsdale is limited on the Vietnamese options, but I believe this is the best in terms of good food, atmosphere, and service. Nice to sit on the patio when it's not boiling outside. The Spring Rolls are always fresh, the ice coffee is delicious, and the pho is great as well. The only con in my book is that the menu is small and missing the more adventurous parts of pho.
1	This is Vietnamese food for North Scottsdale white folks who have never had Vietnamese food before.It's a fast food style place that gives you food with very little flavor and tells you to start adding sriracha and oyster sauce util it starts to taste good.Really really bad.
5	Great place, cheap, clean, healthy food served fast and with a smile. Nice place to have in the neighborhood.
5	Super friendly staff great food! The Pho is great for first timers and the Pho lunch special is hard to beat. Also love their #3, noodles, egg roll and beef. And cant say enough about their porkchops.It can get busy at lunch but the outdoor seating is great when the weather isn't scorching.
1	oh boy, I guess if you haven't had much exposure to Vietnamese food then it would be decent.  I'm from San Francisco and this place would go out of business in a heart beat up there.
5	This is a great Vietnamese find!  I have been a loyal customer over the years and even though owners have changed the great quality of food has stayed the same. Everything is so fresh and service is exceptional. It's a nice casual feel and a perfect place to go before catching a movie next door. Prices are reasonable as well!  The pho is in a good size bowl, enough for someone who is very hungry.  My personal favorite is #14, grilled beef and rice. The spring rolls are delicious as well.  This is an all around great restaurant!
5	Where to begin.  The beef sandwhich is just awesome and tasty.  The beef is juicy and the sauce is good.  The bread is crispy on the outside yet soft on the inside, combined with the fresh greens on the sandwhich, it's my favorite thing on the menu.  The chicken pho is right up there with the sandwhich.  The broth is just delicious as is the noodles and chicken.  You also have the choice to spice it up with a side plate of other ingredients that accompanys the dish.  The staff are very friendly and nice.
5	We love this place! Never been to Vietnam, but this seems to be the real deal! Try the chicken soup! I always get extra basil and cilantro! Hubby likes the spring rolls. We really enjoy this place in the winter months.
4	I love the banh mi sandwich ... and of course, boba! Who doesn't love boba tea? My faves are honeydew and watermelon.
4	Love Tea Lite but will now frequent much less.  Why, because they stopped making one of the best sandwiches on the planet.  As of about a week ago, we were told by the person running the counter that they have stopped making their version of the Banh Mi, which is a great chicken sandwich.  Was told it was too difficult to make.  Why you would take the item off of the menu that Phoenix Magazine listed as one of the 20 best sandwiches in the city doesn't make sense.  Bring it back!
5	My husband and I both loved this place! The Pho was wonderful and they have some of the best eggrolls I have ever had! The service was friendly and quick.  We will definitely be making Tea Lite a regular.
4	quick service, food delicious.... good boba and good chicken pho
4	I've been to Tea Lite Cafe a couple of times over the years, with my most recent visit today when I went for lunch with Lindsey F.TLC may not look like much from the outside, (it sits in a far corner of a strip mall and it's got a tiny little storefront and sign), but it's a fast-casual concept with moderate prices, friendly service, and pretty good Vietnamese food too!I'm a huge Vietnamese fan, so it's always a difficult decision when it comes to ordering, but TLC's menu is short and sweet.  Highlights include the Spring Rolls and Pho.  If dining in, I recommend going with the Tea Lite Special which allows you to sample one spring roll, two egg rolls and your choice of chicken or beef pho soup for just $8.99.  I love all of the sauces they serve from fish sauce, hoisin, siracha, and more; I enjoy mixing them all together!TLC also offers boba, which I love but have yet to try it since I'm typically pretty full after demolishing my meal, but I will be back soon next time the boba craving hits!
5	It's date night and you're headed to the movies.Now the dilemma.Eat a small mountain of hot, faux-buttered popcorn at the movies, or a little popcorn and a  decent meal afterward.I go with both.Only I'm usually too full to eat anything of decent substance after all that popcorn so I typically come here.Tea Lite Cafe.It's cheap and filling and, its under ten bucks.I've tried both the chicken based pho and the beef, go with the beef...it has a ton more flavor.Another bonus is how the meat in the soup is all very recognizable, putting that whole dog and cat meat thing to rest.A large bowl will feed two.I weasel most of the meat out of it when my date goes to the bathroom. And she wonders why I fart so much.
4	Tea Lite Cafe's offers a quick and delicious meal. Located in the same complex as the Harkins 101 Theater, Babies-R-Us and several other large shops. Tea Lite offers a nice meal option for shoppers and business people alike. I recently visited with Gabi M, who is an expert (in my eyes at least) when it comes to Vietnamese cuisine and luckily I was with her to guide me through the menu. I wanted to get a full taste of Tea Lite Cafe, so we ended up ordering the Tea Lite Special which comes with spring rolls, egg rolls and Pho (choice of chicken or beef). This is absolutely the way to go, especially if you're a first timer! It provided a nice variety and was large enough to share. It's also very inexpensive and less than $9 for the entire dish! I thoroughly enjoyed the Pho and added hot sauce and the various spices.  There's not much to say about the atmosphere because there isn't much to the cafe. It feels like a cafe that you'd find in the busy streets of a big city. It's casual, clean and they featured pictures of the menu items on the wall. The service is incredibly fast too! We barely got our drinks and sat down and our food was already being served! It's perfect for a busy lunch hour. The owner was very friendly and helpful during our ordering process. We ordered a decent amount of food and after our meal, I decided that I wanted to try a BOBA because I had never had one before. However, I only had a credit card and they have a $5 limit. The owner was so nice that he ended up just giving me the BOBA because I had already ordered so much. It showed their level of customer service and his gesture went a long way. Meow, what are you waiting for? It's time for you to visit for lunch!
5	Pho is the best...no need to say any more
4	I go to Tea Lite Cafe for lunch and I have always enjoyed it. It is priced right and they get you your food quickly. If you are looking for some Pho I would recommend this place to anyone. The flavor is good. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it did not blow me away.
2	Fast service, clean facility. But...* Rice noodles in my chicken pho are gummy.* Bean sprouts are brown / old. Hard to believe a Vietnamese place does not have fresh bean sprouts.* Chicken in pho IS NOT FRESH. It's processed. Bad form.* Tiny plate of the traditional side veggies.  Feels skimpy.  I expect more for an eight-dollar bowl of soup.
4	Our favorite place for Vietnamese food in north Scottsdale.  Nice folks running the place.  We seem to always get the number 3 but every thing we have had here is good including the pho.  There is a nice outside seating area that is great when the wether is nice.
4	Yep, I sure am a fan of this tucked away Vietnamese jewel. Tea Lite is located by a nail place and the Cine Capri in N. Scottsdale area. Has a small patio area to dine al fresco also, if you please.I order the Beef Pho and it is pretty good! Spring rolls and egg rolls never disappoint me either! They turn out a very nice Vietnamese (iced) coffee too - especially when the warmer weather hits. ;)This is also the first place that I've seen TV monitor advertising in the bathroom (on the sink hardware). Interesting place!
3	Love the Pho, but they could use a little better quality chicken.  Still delicious!
4	May not be "authentic" Vietnamese, but that doesn't mean it's not terrific. Went back today and had the Tealight Special - a good size bowl of Chicken Pho, a spring roll (shrimp, noodles and veggies in a rice wrapper) and two small pork & veggie eggrolls. Dipping sauces add just the right balance of sweet, sour and salty. The fresh basil is the perfect addition to the Pho -- love to rip it up and add it all into the bowl. So fragrant. Good, good stuff. A big, tasty change-of-pace lunch for about $9.00. All good.
5	My new favorite place.  This place is sooooooooooo (is that enough "o's" for you?) good!  I come here every chance that I get.  There isn't anything that I've ordered here that I wouldn't order time and time again.  Whenever we have friends come out to visit- this place is a must :)
5	I love this place and try to sneak away for a quick meal chance I get. The food is always fresh and the presentation is lovely. I always get the special because you get a bit of everything for a reasonable price. The spring rolls and the pho are my favorite. Their green tea completes any meal you select. This is a great choice for a casual meal with friends, family or kids if you don't like to eat alone.
4	Many Gluten free options.Food is fresh and healthy Love the chicken pho and beef or pork bun. Spring tools are delicious too!
5	Best pho In North Scottsdale.  Period!  The Tealight special is the best deal in the house, and their herbal chai tea is simply awesome!
4	Tea lite cafe is a hidden gem! We've lived  across the street for a couple of years and we have finally tried it! Atmosphere is small, simple, and vibrant. Even though the place was super packed, service was quick. If you're pushed on time I recommend pick up. The chicken pho was tasty and had great flavor. It has jalepenos so it is a  little spicy. The marinated beef on rice noodles was so good! The meat was tender and had a sweeter/BBQ marinade. The only thing I would say is the meat to soup/noodles ratio is low. Next time I would pay the extra for more meat! I will be going back to try the sandwiches!
5	My favorite here is the chicken pho - the flavors are so clean and vibrant, I find myself just craving it some days.  Friendly atmosphere, quick service, and just near enough to my work to make it a reasonable stop for my lunch break.  :0)  Perfect!
5	Great food. Great service as well. The menu is simple and straightforward, not huge and confusing. I have had a few different items from the menu and all have been delicious. My usual order is the combo beef plus egg roll. My only gripe would be that I wish they were open later for when I get late night cravings.
4	I've been a handful of times and always get the tea lite special - it's some rolls with a bowl of pho. Very delicious and the best pho in my hood. The place can get a little crowded because of the smallness but it's definitely worth it. They also offer take out if that's your thing.
5	Tea Lite has a simple menu of just a few items, clean food, and is an easy in and out dinner or lunch. I am a regular here, and go several times a month. I always get one of three things. First, the chicken salad, which is served with a super light dressing and is very clean, leaving you full but not feeling heavy. I also love the chicken pho and veggie spring rolls. And I ALWAYS have to compliment my meal with honeydew or mango boba or a green matcha tea (delicious). What I love about this place is that it is privately owned, and the owners are always there. It's small, and although it's busy around lunch hour, it is still fairly quiet and a nice place to sit and read a book while eating.
5	Hands-down our favorite fast Asian restaurant.  My husband and I love Asian food and their food is awesome.  The spring rolls are soft, not fried, which we love and the soups are favorites of ours.  Service is fast whether you're taking out or dining in and we love that we see the owners there often.
5	The best Vietnamese restaurant in Scottsdale.  Great Spring Rolls, Bun Ga and Pho Ga.
3	Had the best chicken sandwich in the valley, really popular item.  But mysteriously they've now stopped making sandwiches.  Pho and grill are great, but I'm traumatized by this puzzling loss.  Maybe they just want to be a pho bar now?
5	I enjoy eating at Tea Lite Cafe several times for lunch during the week.  When I am in the area I usually stop and order the Chicken Salad which has romaine lettuce, carrots, cilantro, cucumbers, and bean sprouts and a lite vinegar dressing served on the side. It is a gluten free salad that I have had many times. It looks good and is served promptly with slices of warm hot off the grill marinated chicken pieces.  My favorite drink is the iced Matcha Green Tea which is so refreshing with orange and pineapple juice blended into the drink. The service is prompt and the staff are friendly.
4	Our favorite place in the north valley for Vietnamese food! Great pho and bun and good service. The owner is friendly and the food is always fresh full of flavor. If you have not been here, you must go!!! The only thing missing is a beer or wine option....the it would be worth 5 stars!
1	Be careful of their green matcha tea. They will charge you around 7 bucks for a small cup of matcha green tea. They say they will add orange juice to "enhance" the flavor. The end result is beyond catastrophic: I got green color diluted, old orange juice. Their pho is bland and unauthentic. All and all I'm sad I wasted time and money on such a disappointed meal.
5	New to Arizona and have been dying to find a Pho place! I have found my new home! This is the best place I have had Pho since living in Central California! Very happy customer!!! I can't wait to come back!
4	Close to the movie theater. Great little noodle shop. and that's all it is what makes it great is that they focus on serving great noodles nothing else. I eat here a lot before and after the movie. If it's Sunday or Monday and there's a football game going on then I eat at Blue 32.Great food. Great price. Authentic taste
3	This is a nice, clean, friendly restaurant to get an introduction into Vietnamese food.  Nothing too risky but good flavors.  Might just scratch your itch.
2	I decided to come here for dinner after reading numourous good reviews.  I was disappointed.. though the pho broth was very clear, the noodles and meat were not so good.  The noodles were more like rice noodles and the meat was as rough as sandpaper.  The eggrolls were decent, very fresh.  I'm still debating to go back and try the porkchop.   All in all I would rather drive down to Chandler for a good bowl of Pho
5	Worth everything you pay here.  I used to drive about 7 miles for Pho, but now I come here, less than a mile away for my fix.  I love to order the beef special with rare beef, brisket, and beef balls to go.  Their broth is really clear.  Their egg rolls are really good as well.  Worth the try if you live in the area!
4	Went to Tea Light Cafe with my wife today.  Split a bowl of beef pho (pho bo) with her (Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup).  Also had an order of goi cuon (Vietnamese salad rolls).  The pho was very good.  The goi cuon was perhaps a little chewy.  Otherwise, it is good.
4	I like my Pho soup stronger but this is still pretty good and reasonably priced. I would recommend this place.
5	BEST PHO SOUP IN THE VALLEY! I get the Beef Pho w/ brisket or chicken. Amazing little mom and pop shop! I love the Pho here because not only are the broth & rice noodles delicious but they put green onions in it and give you all the fixings that you want according to your taste. You can put in bean sprouts, thai basil, fish sauce & lemons along with sriracha if you like it spicy.
1	Not a fan of Americanized pho.
4	Great little place to grab lunch or Pho to go! My boyfriend and I come here often since it's not too far from our home. Definitely a place we go to weekly. We usually get the same thing every time we go and have not been disappointed. I'm hoping they add a few things to their menu...
4	What happened to your sandwhiches?   Why did you remove them from the menu?  Miss your banh mi's.  It was great to get a bowl of pho and split a sandwhich, best of both worlds.  Now will settle for just pho.
5	New to Arizona and have been dying to find a Pho place! I have found my new home! This is the best place I have had Pho since living in Central California! Very happy customer!!! I can't wait to come back!
5	This was my first experience with pho! It is absolutely amazing!!!! I would go here at least once a week. It's a great place to go on a nice day and sit outside. The portions are huge for a great price! I highly recommend trying this place!
3	I've always enjoyed Tea Light, and I've been coming here every so often since around 2006/7. In the early stages of my family and I frequenting this place, the food was amazing. Sometimes, we'd even be there two or three times a week (yikes on the sodium intake). Now, however, I find that the quality and taste of the food has dropped off a bit. I'm not sure if they have changed their Pho recipes, or if there has been a change in the person cooking the food, but now it is just so-so. Their prices are alright. Definitely nothing compared to the place I'm always going to now near Central Ave and 19th. The service is decent. But like I said the food is just good- nothing exceptional (At least now).Tips to the owners would be to make the Tea Light Special available for take-out and bring back the Spicy Beef Soup with Udon noodles (this was the dish that had me craving this place multiple times a week)!!!!
5	The chicken pho is my go-to when even the possibility of sniffles is on the horizon and I can't pass up their crunchy and savory egg rolls even when I should be on a broth based diet. Portion size is beyond generous -- typically at least two meals. I primarily order for pick-up and the wait time is always under 15 minutes. Don't judge the restaurant by it's strip mall appearance. Cozy dining in options including outside patio seating.
4	Pho is phantastic! 1 & 3 dishes are very flavorful and light.Highly recommend a visit.
5	I work in the same complex as Tea Light and have come here a few times. The food is amazing; I was honestly surprised as to how good it was. The service is friendly, and quick. Even when I'm not working, I will drive out here to have some Tea Light. They are wonderful.
4	I have never had pho... But my buddy Jesus eats it ALL the time! So when the team decided to try pho for lunch today, I was in! Get this... Didn't order pho! I asked the cashier what I should get. She compared pho to soup, and well... I don't like soup. So I ordered a chicken and rice noodle dish. It came with 2 egg rolls, and was delicious. I ordered a Taro Bubble Tea, too. I am pretty sure I can't eat again today, but it was delicious. They have three sauces on the table, too. I tried them all, and my favorite was the sweet almost plum sauce. Will definitely go back. Hidden gem, really.
5	Tea Light Cafe has been one of our few go-to eateries that has been consistent and dependable in providing us with meals that are delicious and satisfying.  We've tried just about everything and love each and every dish. Whenever I have the sniffles, I want their Pho that comes with the freshest condiments. Their broth is so flavorful all on its own but blends beautifully to all the condiments.  My personal favorite is the grilled marinated pork/pork chops. Whether it's served with rice or on vermicelli, it's a win! The finished product after grilling is just amazing with its sweet & savory marinade caramelized to perfection. This will have you craving for more again and again.
1	What a huge disappointment. Was really in the mood. First the guy gets the order wrong and is slow to correct the mistake. I order grilled chicken. Seems  simple.I have never seen or tasted chicken that looked more like sundries dog turds.Dry, causing me to choke. You can tell I am loving this place. The man behind the counter seemed mildly annoyed taking our order. The girl was sweet if not somewhat clueless. Sound good? Took two bites and left. Wondered why I took a second bite.Sick. They could have cared less. Oh the rice was mushy. Slice of cucumber
4	Some people think that a non-vietnamese clientele means the food is not authentic or as good as other places. Wrong! I have eaten Vietnamese food in Asia, SF, LA, and Phoenix and Tea Light does a good job making customers happy! The place is modern, the staff friendly, and the BBQ is very tasty.  The pork chop is very good, and so is the bbq pork entree. The boba drinks are good too and when I'm in this part of town, I always make sure to stop by and eat there.  It gets 4 stars b/c of course there is better Vietnamese food, but overall this place is a hit!
2	I've been here three times, the food is okay.  The prices are good and the customer service is okay.  If you want a quick, Vietnamese dish such as Pho, give it a try, the prices can't be beat.One thing that disturbed me as I noticed on my last visit, the owner dumping the remaining customer's water into the money plant that sits in the front when you walk in.  It kind of grossed me out.  As you know our mouths breed bacteria, and it's being mixed and cultivated in that money tree plat.  Yuck!For that reason alone, I may not come back.
5	My better half and I were visiting Scottsdale/Phoenix for the weekend and we found this restaurant on Yelp.The owner greeted us when we entered and we selected a table and scanned the menu. She ordered a chicken salad which is large enough to share. I ordered a grilled chicken and rice plate, and we also ordered fried egg rolls. The portions were all big. I struggled to finish my plate and she struggled with the salad. All of the food was full of flavor, but the egg rolls were my favorite part of the meal. It wasn't very busy when we arrived so the owner was doing everything. He took our order, prepared the food, and brought it to our table. While we were eating it got pretty busy, but the owner still did everything. There were employees there, but the owner did it all.If we're back in the area again, I'm sure we will eat here again.
4	I was pleasantly surprised to have received a bowl of pho that hadn't been Americanized! Was it as great at Pho 43 in Phx? No, but, the best in Scottsdale so far!!
4	If you like Pho and going to movies, this is a great place. Right next to Cine Capri movie theater in Scottsdale 101. The Chicken Pho was tasty with a great broth and plenty of add ins. Good sauces to add some kick as well.
5	I have nothing to compare this too as I've never eaten Vietnamese food ever. I've also never tried pho. Stopped here for lunch on a whim and it was delicious! The place was packed (good sign) and my husband and I got the sampler thing (pho, egg and spring roll). It was all yummy although we had no idea what to do with all the extra - the sauces and things that came on the side- we needed a tutorial! We will be back!!
5	We had a great beef pho.  The owner was extremely kind and let us grab some takeout even as they were closing.  We sat outside and enjoyed a great meal.
5	I really enjoy eating here! The price is very reasonable, the cashier and server are very attentive and helpful. I only wish they were open on Sundays! Have the delicious chicken pho and taro bubble tea!!
4	Great little Vietnamese spot has excellent pho as well as the vermicelli noodles, great egg rolls and spring rolls everything is fresh and made to order.
5	This is our go-to Vietnamese place to eat. Over the years I have enjoyed every item on their menu and have never been disappointed. Their beef or chicken Pho and their number 1 are my favorites. I order their Pho to go quite often and I had to buy some super, extra large bowls to serve it in!
5	Best chicken pho in Scottsdale in my opinion. Worth the wait during lunch or dinner. Good food all around. Give them a try you'll love them.
5	Excellent, really great place. Really awesome vermicelli bowls. Ignore any reviews that are under five stars.
5	Just a little place tucked away by the movie theater but well worth walking through the door. Always people inside which I take as a good sign. Friendly staff and fresh tasting food. The pho is great and I love t he spring rolls. Will definitely be back.
1	Absolutely unimpressed with my latest visit today. I made an over the phone order for some spring rolls, and I was told a five minute wait. I got there and the food was indeed ready, but when I went to the counter to pay, the 10 year old boy (I know this is a family owned establishment but come on..) charged me $10 and change for a menu item that is advertised at $6.99. I asked the boy if this was correct and he said yes. So I paid for my three dramatically overpriced spring rolls and left. Once I got in the car and looked at the order they were completely wrong... Expecting the spring rolls to be the traditional vietnamese spring rolls with shrimp and pork, they were some sort of dark meat, messily wrapped concoction that is nothing similar to what was expected or what they have served there in the past. Buyer beware..
5	So cheap, #3 Bun is my very favorite. I'm here 3 times a week, it's probably unhealthy. I have never eaten in, but the staff is very friendly for takeout. They don't even judge me for going in there all the time :) I would also like to try the Pho! It's supposed to be fantastic.
5	A lunch staple, always good! Love the pork
5	Great food, delicious service, personal feel.
3	Dark setting but the pho was good - the noodles were over cooked and mushy. Great having the soda machine - spring rolls were made in a very messy fashion - slow down all the processes and more attention to product. Ordering process not very personal but overall I will try again.
5	Whenever my children come to town, Tea Light Cafe is the first stop on the way from the airport. Millions of options for dining in Scottsdale, but it's our favorite. Fresh clean flavors and incredibly fast service.
5	This place is incredible! My 5 year old loves the beef pho, everything is always fresh and delicious! Great prices and nice and quite. If you are in the area I would more than recommend this restaurant. The staff are also very helpful and always willing to explain the different dishes. Huge portions as well!
4	Great place to have a bowl of pho for lunch at first glance you might think the pho will be very Americanized but when the first sip of the broth hits your toung you know it was made correct service is very fast so a 30-45 min lunch if you work close by is plenty of time if your ordering a bowl of pho you won't need a apatizer it is a big bowl but if you want to try one the spring rolls are awsome too
