5	John Mull's Meats also does BBQ catering under Road KIll Grill. 2008 Taste & Sounds of Soul Winner.I ventured downtown to the Taste & Sounds of Soul Friday & Saturday to indulge in some good bbq and soul food.Friday night was a packed house with long lines and a huge crowd enjoying the entertainment on the main stage at Fitzgerald's.I walked up & down the tent area of vendors and there was about 8-10 food vendors serving bbw,asian,seafood gumbo,turkey legs,giant cajun shrimp,fried catfish,shrimp and hushpuppies,funnel cakes and lots of pies and cakes.The lines were outrageous. H&H Bar-B-Q with a big red smoker trailer had a line of 50+ people about 75 yards long the longest by far.Phat Katz BBQ had 30-40 people waiting. Usually long lines and full parking lots are a sign of excellent food, service,etc.This would not be the case here.Road Kill Grill was the 1st stand in the food court and the line was short because it moved rapidly.I had the 5-bonz/w tips rib dinner w/2 sides for $10-I had mac n cheese and macaroni salad. I also ordered 2 sandwiches-a pulled pork and a beef brisket. SOdas were $1.The ribs were rub no sauce. Nice smoky taste very tender and very meaty. the tips were the best. juicy and oh so yummy.The mac n cheese was better than I've found at any storefront BBq and the macaroni salad was great too.The pork sandwich was great, sauce had a little zip and the bread was very fresh and quite remarkable.The beef brisket was some of the best I've had could've used a little crust & rub but very juicy & tender. Sauce on the side.I wish they had a stand at Lowe's or Home Depot or something because this guy knows his BBQ.
5	UPDATE: REVIEW OF THEIR BBQ- Road Kill Grill Went to Taste & Sounds of Soul on Fremont St to sample John Mulls Road Kill Grill Catering. Got 4 meat (2 rib orders, hotlink, brisket) and 4 side (mac& cheese, baked beans, potato salad, macaroni salad) combo plate for $16 (they lowered the price on the last day usually $18). Nicely portioned it took two standard takeout boxes to house our combo. They also throw in a white bread loaf and two homemade sauces- one sweet and one spicy. Ribs were good- you can tell the meat quality is from a butcher and were big ribs. Brisket- normally dont like thin slice as it loses moisture, but this was juicy and made sense to stuff in the sandwich and enjoy it as such. Thick slices are kinda hard to bite through sandwich style.Hot Link- I really like this. The casing had some bite/crispness to it that I love about many homemade deli sausage. Will be getting some at the shop next time and using it for my version of paella or for a jambalaya.Sides- potato and mac were nice I like the light cajun spice it seemed on them, baked beans had nice flavor for sopping up with bread, mac cheese was ok, a bit dry.Sauce- Love both. The spicy is just the right amount of kick and had a sweet tangy balance just right. The sweet one was delicious on the ribs and probably a good baster sauce (you can buy the sauce at the shop). One setback- forgot my hotlink, but they got it to me after I mentioned it.My boyfriend and I ate and were stuffed with plenty of leftovers that I'm about to make another meal out of right now.Also as a fun sidenote, the butcher/owner asked me if I was there yesterday because I looked familiar.When I mentioned we go to his butcher shop, he replies with "oh yeah, you got 3 ribeyes!" Good memory and really tries to chat up and know his customers. Happy that I tried their BBQ, but still even happier now I have a butcher.
5	Fantastic Barbecue!!!! I've waited an entire year to come back to this event and eat at this bbq stand!!! Some of the BEST BBQ anywhere!!!I of course opted for the 3 meat & 3 side meal getting Ribs,Pulled Pork,Brisket plus baked macaroni and cheese and macaroni & potato salads. 3+3=$16 well worth it.Bottled water & Canned Soda were only $1 too!!! The food is ordered at one end and served at another to keep it moving-other vendors have 30+ minute wait because of their disorganized service.Immediately upon opening my order I noticed I had been given a leg & thigh of bbq chicken and NO pulled pork or Macaroni and Cheese. When I went back to explain they graciously provided me the missing items. and I ended up with an extra piece of chicken. Fair enough for the inconvenience;)The food was really good. Perfectly cooked barbecue. The ribs falling of the bone tender and moist with a great bbq sauce on the side. The brisket -some of BEST ever!! Tender melt in your mouth sliced paper thin!! The chicken was smoked through but moist and tender plus it had a little kick to it. The Pulled pork was great but was already sauced(personally I prefer adding my own) The macaroni & potato salads were homemade and pretty good but the baked macaroni and cheese was a little overdone and mushy with no crunchy topping to indicate it being BAKED mac n chz and no real cheese flavor.John Mulls Meats operates a butcher shop in NW Las Vegas and does event catering but this event is the ONLY time they come out during the year so get down to FREMONT and check them out before it's too late. Taste & Sounds of Soul goes on through February 21st!!!
5	No one has reviewed this place as a butcher shop yet. Kinda surprised as it's been around for a long time. Two weeks ago I was on a frustrated bend to find a butcher. I'm from L.A. and had 4 regular butchers to meet all my odd cooking needs. This was the closest one to my house. It's on an small neighborhood street behind a house. Definitely an off the beaten path find that you'd have to know about and can't really stumble upon.  There is no glass counter- this is very old school meat factory feel. Its not much standing space and it's real plain industrial, but ambiance with a cute glass counter doesn't always equate to the better meats that I've learned though I guess most prefer "user friendly spots".You have someone manning the counter and taking your orders, simple printout listing the meats available and behind them the butcher will bring out big slabs of meat and cut it up to your order. I LOVE that it's a fresh cut for me! We ordered 1.5 inch thick ribeyes for dinner. They are choice cuts, but was nicely marbled just not quite prime- close though. At $9.99 a pound, definitely a decent price for what I was getting- supermarkets charge about that much and you don't have control on the portion sizes and thickness like here.  Cooked those ribeyes up by first pan searing, then putting in the oven. Resting them was a hard time to not cut in and chomp down. Very good quality meat, fresh taste, tender and a nice amount of fat marbling. Liked them a lot- definitely quality is easy to taste that these were not supermarket bought.They have beef, pork, turkey, sausages, hotdogs, deli meats, smoked items (turkey leg, pork chops, etc.) and also the odd parts of the animal. When we were there, many of the people standing for their order were familiar with the staff and even with each other. To me this is a good testament of quality that there are loyals buying by the bunches. We had a bit of a wait as there was people before us and one butcher custom cutting, but it's very fun for me to watch the quality of meats everyone was ordering and all looked pretty nice. Someone got beef tenderloin/filet mignon and that in particular was fine quality.I think this will be the go-to place for when the particular cut matters to whats cooking and when I want the no fuss basic meats. Butcher Block and the like are cool- but I'm not going across town for some good ribeyes that are precut, if I want aged meats or something of the odd family game meats I'll go but John Mulls is where it's at to get all the basic meat needs met AND it's cut just the way I like it. Summer BBQ's will be a whole different level.UPDATE: Went in today and ordered 2 ribeyes (9.99 lb) and 2lbs of korean style rib (3.89 lb). He mentioned something about the ribeyes are prime and he's giving us free. I thought he meant he was throwing in a little extra meat onto the ribeyes for free- what he meant was our order of ribeyes were free. YEAH FREE PRIME RIBEYE.  We cooked them up and ooooo were they good. We left with maybe nearly 2lb ribeyes, 2 lbs korean ribs for $8.90.  That is the great thing about building a relationship with your butcher I'm not talking about necessarily getting just freebies, but knowing youre always taken care of and really appreciated. I had a great relationship with my butcher in LA nad he would tell me when something was particularly good, he wanted me to sample his new sausage flavors, we would chat about foods and he would give me great suggestions on how he uses the meats. This one seems to really remember and appreciate all their customers- again customers that were in there were on a first name basis and he asked about how we like the BBQ last weekend (See BBQ review) . We are sold that this is above Larrys Meats, Butcher Block and the like. Service, quality and customer appreciation goes beyond and we're definitely going to stop by the weekends for our cooking adventures meat needs. Thanks Chuck and Nita- you guys are awesome!
5	I love butchers.  I especially love a butcher shop run by a family who knows their meats, and John Mull's is it.  I've been to a few others around town, but this place is spotless, the entire building is like a walk in freezer (meaning fresh meat out of the back and stays fresh while cutting and bagging) and it's a simple set up.  You have the cash counter up front where you grab a paper that has this 2 page list of all the cuts you can get, and then the old man behind the counter -- who is totally awesome and very sweet -- helps you with thickness and cooking tips.I cannot believe how many varieties of meats they have available, and what made me even more intrigued was their smoked bacon slabs, done right in the smoke house on site.  Oh yeah, baby.  Sweet lovin' bacon slabs, cut to order.  I grabbed 1.5 lbs of their smoked bacon (without rind cause they suggested it that way), two 1" ribeye steaks cut FRESH from the slab, and 4 pork chops cut thick enough for pan frying cut fresh off the slab.  It was fun to watch, fun to order, and a shocker at the register.All that meat, ALL that meat was 25 bucks.  WOW.  I freaked out.  I know that the pork was at least 6 pounds and the ribeyes were 18oz each, and then the bacon...all for 25 bucks?  I was happy as can be walking out of there.Screw the supermarkets.  I'm buying my meats from John Mull's from now on.  They have all I need when I need it.  If you're looking for a butcher up in the northwest area, head to this place.  It's worth the drive, and was a well kept secret of the neighborhood until now.  PS: They cater, so if you want great bbq just ask when you get there.  You can also call and order things in advance.
4	My boyfriend discovered this well kept secret! We feed our dogs a raw diet and he was looking for a place to get some inexpensive meet for them.  Well, he found a place for the dogs and us!  They have great prices and great food!  They also cater, so if that's what you're looking for it's highly recommended.The place has been open for over 60 years and the staff is very friendly!  They will talk and joke with you while you wait.  If you have never been to John Mull's Meats, you should definitely check it out!
4	Who doesn't love a good old fashioned butcher?I heard about John Mull's about a year ago from my husband's co-worker but never got a chance to go. I finally had to check it out and I'm so glad I did. We originally went in on July 5th for Korean Short Ribs.  I was sad to hear that they had sold out on the Friday before due to the 4th of July holiday... Duh! Of course, they'd be out. Everyone BBQs on the 4th, right? Well, everyone except me. Anyway, he said to come back on Wednesday since that's when they would have more. I placed an order for Thursday morning.  Sure enough, when I walked in on Thursday, he had a nice brown bag with my name on it containing 5 lbs of Korean short ribs. I rushed home to marinate them and was happy to see that they had great marbling.  Not too much fat. A little thinner than I like but I just know to ask for thicker slices next time.  I can't wait to try their other cuts.  I've got my eye on the 5 lbs of chicken wings!
5	I've been in Vegas for 10 yrs , before i found mull's meats , thanks to my fellow yelpers.  I've gone the past couple Saturday's . I have ordered the bacon which they slice to order and it is some of the best bacon I have eaten, it is very meaty,IMO taste more like ham not the chemical taste like some commercial bacon. I also got porter house steak cut at 1 1/2 inches , huge steaks it was very tender even though, I over cooked mine I like my steaks med rare, belive me I'm still sick about that. I also got 2 lbs of Korean style ribs it was very tender, I have to buy again too make sure it was not a fluke, I've made kal bi for years and it was never this tender . I got  a 5 lb shoulder clod to smoke and it was tender. I'm thinking this is the cut they use for roast beef and italin beef sandwichs , not much fat but tender might b good for teriyaki beef also. I also got a turkey breast  nothing special frozen commercial and hot links have not tried yet. Prices are reasonable, about the same price as chain grocerie store,unless there's a sale then chains win , but the quality not as good as John mulls. This place is out of the way for me , but it is worth the drive :) low carb heaven
5	Love, love, love the bacon!
4	Have to chalk this discover one up to Yelp.  Was a little hesitant to go in but I am glad I did.Been here twice for some protein for some bbq action.  First time was a whole gaggle of baby back ribs, got so much they threw in a whole case of eggs.  I was skeptical at first when the ribs looked like they were vacum packed and I didn't see them slice them up in front of me.  When I got them home though I knew these were hand cut and no Costco rebranded stock.  Nice and meaty and they qued up perfectly.Second time was for probably my most pricey meat purchase to date, a 4 rib prime rib roast.  All you have to do is check out the pic I posted and I won't have to go any further with my review.Nice and friendly people.  They have everything you need for serious barbecue enthusiasts except the charcoal.  Lamb, Duck, Geese, Deer, all cuts of the hog and cow...I hear the bacon is good so I'll have to go back for that one of these days.LOCATION! LOCATION! locations?Kinda hidden away in a subdivision/industrial area.
5	Been here in Vegas for 3 yrs(originally from L.A.) and finally found a good butcher, this place is hard to find you will miss it driving by. Walked in front door and bumped someone on the other side was bumping elbows with customers. Awesome place person at counter takes your order and behind them is some guy cutting your meat. Real friendly staff while I was waiting for my cut they busted out a block of Colby cheese and sliced about 2 lbs to give to all of us customers to try wife and I bought 3 lbs of the stuff. I bought 2 tri-tip roasts, good cut of meat good fat amount took home and grilled Santa Maria style. I will be coming back for sure. I love to smoke meat will be getting my ribs both pork & beef, pork butt, & other meats, next time I go back will be getting a 14 lbs brisket. Forgot, prices are real competitive with super markets around town
5	A hidden gem in the world of meat. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful. The meat is excellent, and you get a free flat of 30 eggs with a minimum purchase.
5	I have never written  a review before but I read about John Mulls yesterday and just happened to be around the corner from there today so I stopped in. To say this is a hidden gem is an understatement. The meat is fresh and cut to order, but its the people that work there that make the place. They are knowledgeable and friendly, plus the prices are great! I will definitely be back!
5	You guys ROCK when it comes to MEATS, BBQ and SERVICE!  This is hands down the best butcher shop/catering in Las Vegas!   We love the jerky, meats and BBQ Ribs.  We have tasted many things on their menu and it is all very good.  Nita & Chuck make it a very friendly place to visit!  Thanks again, for being in our neighborhood!  Nat & T
4	Show me the meat! This is where you need to go in Vegas to get all of your carnivorous cravings satisfied. Yeah, it's a little off the beaten path, but follow Google Maps and you should be A-OK. Don't let the exterior fool you, either, 'cause this place is legit.Walk inside and you'll be handed a menu and will most likely have to wait in a short line to give your order. Or call ahead and they'll have packaged and ready to go for you. It's basically a giant meat locker with a friendly staff behind a counter ready to chop, grind or whatever else you need them to do to your meat. So many choices, too! We got several things, but what sticks out in my mind was the sweet sausage. Yeah, I said it: sweet sausage. Make all the jokes you want, 'cause I don't care. It was tasty.
4	I live in Spring Valley and I drove all the way out here to try this place. I needed to get me meat on this last weekend and I've been searching for a good place to source some harder to find items; suffice it to say I think I may have found it. I have to agree with the previous reviewers - this place kicks meat's ass. They cut my order right there in front of me and wrapped it up nice and fresh. Granted - I could get it cheaper at a supermarket but honestly you get what you pay for. The smoked bacon is very good, by the way and if you spend $40 you get free eggs!
5	A city runs through it.Las Vegas grew around this place, originally a game dressing shop.  Chuck Frommer has expanded it into the best butcher shop I know of.
4	Our first butcher shop in the Valley, but after reading reviews this was THE place to go.  Got some soup bones for the pups, two steaks for us for dinner shouldn't have gone the sirloin steak as said 'was very good' next time will stop trying to be cheap and go with the good stuff.  Also got a ham slice that is the BEST we've ever had, can't wait to go back and stock the freezer with some more delish.  Maybe go back during the week when it's not quite so busy and standing room only.
5	John Mulls Meats is the place to get real tender beef, with a variety of cuts to suit your needs. I am hooked on their meat as well as the Level of service from the counter to the cutter. I have yet to rave about a meat market but this time I had to, It is amazing the difference a good cut of meat can do for a Family meal.  Try the Prime Rib for Holidays it melts in your mouth. The oxtails cut like I like them cooks quick and tender, the thin cut T-Bones makes for a GREAT Breakfast cut. Don't wait get your fix of meat your way at John Mulls Meats-  Thank You to the Staff for getting me hooked on the Service and the Meat :)
5	I can't say enough about the meat the cuts the friendly staff and overall the only real butcher shop in Las Vegas, my family has gotten their meat here back when it was referred to as "The Ranch" by many locals the 60's and 70's. The meat is the best you can have it cut your way. Keep up the LV legacy Chuck & Nina
5	Can not believe how amazing my experience with this meat market was today. I got there and walked in and was instantly greeted and asked what I wanted. My order was placed and I am just looking around when they bring out my slab of meat. I got 2 really fine looking 1 1/2" beef rib-eye steaks and 1 pound of bacon. All the while the meat master behind the counter was talking to me and we had a few laughs. So unfortunately I have never been good a grilling steaks. My father-in-law has ALWAYS been the master. Now I have award winning ribs,and pulled pork but the steak has always eluded me. Well today with a little salt and pepper on the steaks I placed them on the grill and hoped for the best. After 7 minutes on each side I pulled them and put them on the table. My son said over and over again how good it was. Even said they were better than Grandpas steaks. In my opinion? Yeah, they were fabulous. was it my grilling prowess? Maybe, but I am more apt to give the credit to John Mull's Meats and the amazingly fresh and better than any supermarket steaks. Will I ever go back? YES! Because they have a full selection of hog,beef,and goat that they do,and I am hungry for more!!
5	Just to echo all the rave reviews, this place is awesome. Only got the tritip, but I will definitely be back for more
1	I'm all about supporting small local businesses but I was lied to by John Mull employees about something I consider important.I called once and asked if they carried grass fed, pasture raised beef. The woman who answered the phone said yes so I went down and purchased two steaks. I verified one more time before purchasing that the beef was grass fed and again I was told yes. The steaks tasted great, but grass fed beef has a particular taste.Feeling skeptical, I called again today to see if they had any more in stock and to get the name of their supplier. The woman who answered the phone consulted with someone else and told me they don't carry grass fed beef, nor have they ever.
5	I love to cook!  Not just open a can or pop a frozen dinner into the microwave, but really cook!  I call it my hobby, and the more I learn the more I'm amazed at how "easy" those fancy dishes are to cook.  We recently moved to LV and I used Yelp to locate a good butcher.  Per all of their fantastic reviews, I chose John Mull's Meat.  We went to see their store and to purchase something good to cook this week.  Tonight I made a BBQ Sauce and cooked two slabs of Baby Back Ribs from JMM's.  OMG!  What fabulous pork ribs these turned out to be!  My husband said we need to get back there if this is what their meat is like.  I wish I had had people over for dinner as I would have received many compliments about what a great cook I am!  With meat like this how can you not be a great cook..... Can't wait to fill the freezer and try just about everything they carry.
1	The lady working the counter was rude.  I bought a Groupon for this place, $40 for $19.  That's a great deal on meat and I love local butchers.  They are so much better than the meat counter at Walmart, Target, Albertsons, Smiths, etc.  I had never heard of John Mull Meats, but the Groupon had over 1,000 buys so i decided to go ahead.  This place is located in the middle of a bad residential area.  The kind of neighborhood that I would avoid after dark.  I imagine that the butcher set up shop when this place was on the edge of town and probably lives next door.  There is minimal outside advertising and it does not look like a business until you get right up on it.  Good luck finding it without GPS and an address.  We pulled up and my girlfriend asked if it was safe to go inside.  It looked sketchy.  I assured her it would be okay and we entered.  The place had a horrible smell and was run down.  It seemed to be unsanitary as meat machines were strewn around with chunks of meat still in them.  I imagined a patron touching it and contaminating someone else's order.  Yuck!  There was one other patron inside when we arrived.  We perused the menu while waiting.  The prices seemed reasonable.  Then it was our turn.  I began by trying to make light conversation with the lady behind the counter.  She wasn't having it.  Ok, so right to business.  I asked her what she recommended.  She recommended meat.  At first I thought she was making a joke, but I quickly realized that she only wanted my order so she could move on.  I asked about their most popular items.  She said the sausage was popular.  I explained that I was trying to lose weight and wanted something leaner.  She gave me a sour look and did not say anything.  She took our order and did not say how long it would take or anything.  While waiting I checked the place out.  A man behind the counter was slicing meat with a table saw.  I peaked into the adjacent room and saw two other employees, one cutting meat with a butcher knife and another making sausage.  I was impressed what these people could do with PVC and duct tape.  Eventually our order finished and we paid.  The lady never smiled or said thank you or anything like that.  I don't return to places with rude service.  I recommend Larry's Great Western Meats on Valley View and Alta.  The people there are always friendly and talkative.  The place is cleaner and more sanitary.  You can see the butchers at work, but from behind glass.  The whole place is laid out better.  If you are looking for a local butcher, skip John Mull Meats and go directly to Larry's Great Western Meats.
1	My first review of this place was from my buying experience.  This update is for the meat.  Everything we have eaten from this place has been very tough and chewy.  Also, the Korean style galbi has tiny bone chips in it.  I don't know how they do it right at other places, but this place does it wrong.  Stay away.
4	After reading some previous negative reviews, I felt obligated to tell what a great experiance I had here. Yes its in an older area, but being a native to Las Vegas, there is nothing to be afraid of here. I found the people there friendly and super helpful. We recieved some fun tips on the meat we purchased....which was delicious...Beautiful bone in ribeye, some brats, and killer bacon.  SO YUMMY!
5	First thing they ask you is how thick you want the meat to be cut. Its all cut just for you and not some plastic display packaging. Always best quality meats that taste good and cook well. I can no loger go anywhere place to purchase meat.
5	ANYBODY CRAVING SPOTTED DICK?!!If you've seen King Ralph with John Goodman, you know what I'm talking about.I stopped by this afternoon to use my $40 groupon. If you haven't heard of this place, you probably would never have found it. It's a hidden gem in a residential area.I picked up 3 Ribeye ($11.99/lb) and 2 lbs of Korean Style Ribs ($5.49/lb). You can have the steaks cut to the thickness of your liking. I had the Ribeye for dinner tonight and it was so much better than the Ribeye that Wal-mart sells for the same price.Both ladies at the counter were very friendly. I will mos def come back to try some of the other meats.
4	Cashed in a Groupon at John Mull's last week that ultimately aided in having a epic barbeque this weekend poolside.  I would have to say that their Top Sirloin Steak was one of the best Sirloins I've ever had!  There location was a little strange, tucked back in a ranching residential area.  But, it was worth the drive across town!  I'll be back when they open up the barbeque shack.  By the way, they should have had the barbeque restaurant open  before they ran the Groupon Promotion.  They would have generated a lot of revenue.
5	Ol Rawhide dip shit...is full of sht! So what ever the dumb fkr has to say is also full of sht! He can't get from la to vegas since triple d was over and make his dumb asz remark...no way any way!!! just some fkn green freak!
5	This is not a restaurant, it's a meat market with prepared foods and a place outside to (pardon the pun) pig out.  It's located in NW Vegas, in a residential part of town.  If you're looking for a MCB or Famous Dave's kind of place, this isn't it.  The only thing you'll find here is down-home BBQ and a meat counter, both with excellent value for the money.  Couple this with a staff that treats you like you're family and you have one heck of an experience.  Where else are you going to find side pork, frog legs and goat?
5	Old style butcher shop, meats cut to order, great staff.  Incredible BBQ cooked and ready to take home!
4	The Roadkill Grill was featured on Diners, Drive-In, and Dives so I knew I had to stop by and try their barbeque grub. This little spot was definitely hard to find! It's hidden away in a residential neighborhood and the grill itself is located in a little butcher shop. Bascially the butcher shop set up a little cafeteria-style barbeque service where you go through the line and they scoop what you want into little styrofoam take out boxes and you go outside and eat at little pinic tables. I was skeptical at first, but boy I was definitely glad I went out of my way to try this place. They have a variety of BBQ fare ready to order like: hot links, brisket, ribs, pulled pork/chicked which can be served with a side of baked beans, mac & cheese or potato salad just to name a few. Everything was really delicious and packed all the flavors of what awesome BBQ should be. The hot links were featured on the show and now I know why! They're made fresh in the shop and have the perfect amount of spice. And I can not tell you enough how good the baked beans are! I must have licked my plate clean!Bad thing is that you have to eat outside in the Vegas heat. However, they have fans set up with misters, which helps somewhat. Or you can take your order to go and enjoy in the comfort of your own home. I'll be back, that's for sure.
2	Since this place was featured on Diners, Drive-In, and Dives and not to fare from my house I thought I would give it a try. I order the hot food and it wasn't all that. I've had way better!!!! I've had BBQ from Chicago & Texas this place isn't even in the same ball park. But I would say this is the best Las Vegas has to offer.
1	I'm giving this place 1 star because I can't give it 0.   I met up with a specical lady friend after seeing this place on triple d.  It was nasty.   I feel like I ate a cinder block.  I might as well eaten a bag of concrete.  The BBQ sause didnt' do anything justice.  My favorite part was the cashier that was hacking a lung into the food. The wait was ridiculous, I could have hunted, killed, skinned and cooked a racoon faster.  You can have better road kill from the road kill you can run over.
5	The food here was absolutely amazing!!!! I saw it on Diners Drive-ins and Dives and I am glad I invested in a rental car! The ribs were tender, juicy, seasoned well, and made me make a big mess with the sauce. The Mac and cheese was also cheesy and flavorful! Please anyone going to Vegas go visit this place...
3	Angela told me she saw this place on Diners and Drive-Ins.  I'm amazed there isn't more reviews for this place after getting a spot on that show.  On this note, Angela had told me this was the 2nd place she had gone that Guy had recommended and didn't think was amazing.  We're starting to think that dude just doesn't know what great BBQ is.Overall, was not amazed by the BBQ but it's solid BBQ.  Angela and I ordered a good variety of almost everything and was only really amazed by the baked beans.  They're damn good.  Definitely get this as one of your side orders.  The people who work there are really friendly.  Like Southern hospitality friendly.  And the outside seating is surrounded by a mister so that was pretty nice considering it was 100+ degrees that day.
4	A friend told me to try it after she saw it on Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives.  My husband and I thought our navigation system was taking us to the wrong location because we went through a residential neighborhood.  But there it was set back across a gravel parking lot.The food was good.  We tried the ribs, pulled chicken, links, and brisket.  We chose bbq beans,  green beans seasoned with turkey & potatoes, macaroni & cheese,  The mac & cheese was slightly creamy and seasoned well.  The bbq beans were delicious and had ground meat seasoning.  The brisket was our favorite when dipped in either of their tasty sauces.  The hot links had a smooth flavor with a kick.The line was quite long when we arrived as it was a half hour before closing.  The building has these meat locker doors and some people aren't smart enough to not stand close to the door because other patrons will be opening the door behind them.  We almost took out this lady and her kid, and she was upset with us because we couldn't see through the big steel door and see her on the other side.They were out of desserts so we didn't get to try their cobblers.Drawback is there is no indoor seating to enjoy your food.  Since we are visiting from out of town, we took our food to a hotel because we couldn't take the outdoor seating where it was 106 degrees in the shade.  They did have misters, but that wasn't enough.
4	This place rocked. My dad saw it on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, and it was well worth the trip. Ate pulled pork, chicken, hot links and chorizo, and had mac n cheese, and the awesome green beans which were cooked with pork...so damn good!!! We bought pulled pork, hot links, chicken breast and salmon to grill..everything was tasty, and seemed fresh and clean. I asked a guy that worked there where they get the meat and he said various places, but a lot form Southern Utah. I don't know how the animals were raised (organically, hormone free) but intend to ask next time I go. They even give you two dozen free eggs with a purchase over $50 at the market. Great place!!
5	I am hardly ever in the mood for BBQ but when I am it better be the best, and this place satisfies any BBQ craving I have, and then some. First seen on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives I remember placing John Mulls in my memory banks for a later date. I think 2 years passed by and they ran a re-run of the episode that featured this BBQ heaven. "Oh yeah!! I totally forgot!!" A few days later after we saw the episode for a second time. we proceeded to satiate our BBQ needs. I was thrilled to find that this place was like a mile away from my house and it was easily accessible. We drove down the residential street, unsure if we were headed in the right direction and sure enough there was Mr. Mull's property...love shack and all. We stepped into the butcher shop where it was very no-nonsense, "soup-nazi (Seinfeld reference)" type of ordering. There was chaos and an assembly line of sorts but the employees putting the food together were so nice and John Mull himself came out with MORE food and was extremely personable himself. I ordered a two-meat combo which included a huge portion of chicken (yum), a huge portion of pulled pork (more yum) and two sides. OMG the box the food came in was so heavy. I know now that the next time I go, bring someone to share it with...it isn't the cheapest but you totally get your monies worth. Just a warning...The seating is pretty primative. Once you get your food the only available seating is outside. A few picnic tables under a shack with misters. Thankfully it wasn't too hot and we were able to enjoy our meal outside. In the summer I will most definetly be taking this to go...to my house. Did I mention I live right around the corner from it? (Angels singing)Writing this is making me crave BBQ now, uh-oh.
4	This was picked by a person in my group that watched the Diners, Drive-ins & Dive's episode in which RKG was featured.Driving there you might think you are headed over to someones house to eat, as it is buried in a residential area.  But it is worth the drive.The food was really good! I assumed, by the name, that they might have some off-the-wall meat choices in the Grill section to taste.  But, it was just your standard barbeque. I went with a double meat and two side meal.  The pulled chicken, servers choice between that and the pulled pork, was excellent!  The hot links were good but would have been better, I think, just plain and not doused in sauce.  Disappointed they didn't have collard greens as a side, I chose the Mac-n-cheese and green beans.  Both were outstanding!Everything was fantastic and the amount of food they serve you is over the top! Talk about needing wheelbarrow assistance back out to the car...The one major downside is there is no indoor area to enjoy the food.  So, it can be overwhelming to shovel all that food down the hatch while sitting outside (on a patio with shade) in the sweltering heat. (They are nice enough to provide a water misting system.) Dress cool!
2	Friday afternoon I purchased two slabs of back ribs at $2.29 per pound.  We decided to smoke ribs on Sunday and when I unwrapped the two slabs of ribs I discovered two slabs trimmed of most of the meat.  Not wanting to serve these ribs to guests, I went to Smiths and purchased two additional slabs for $1.99 per pound.  I cooked all four slabs and found that not only were the John Mull slabs excessively trimmed, but the meat was extremely tough and seemed like commercial or utility grade beef rather than any consumer grade.  After ten years of periodic patronage (mainly because they are about a mile from my house) I will drive a bit further and go to Larry's.Their staff has always been friendly and I cannot rate their new hot foods as I have not tried any.
5	picked up a nicely trimmed cap top sirloin, few butchers know what it is nevertheless prep it, primal rib, and hanging tender. the best part, after some hefty drinking, enjoying a hotlink sandwich at their patio under the misters in 106 degree weather!
5	John Mull's Meats is the premier butcher shop in Las Vegas. My family has been buying meat from John Mull's for over 40 years and the quality and customer service have always been top-notch. Chuck Frommer is a 2nd generation butcher and owner following his father and an uncle keeping the shop as a family run business since 1955. This certainly speaks to the consistent product quality John Mull's turns out. Chuck is on the premises everyday working in the shop as is his wife, making sure their customers are getting the best of service.    A lot of folks are gun-shy when it comes to purchasing meat from a butcher shop as opposed to the grocery store because they think the prices are going to be substantially higher. This is not the case at John Mull's. The prices at Mull's are very competitive with those at the supermarket and the quality of the meat and poultry is head and shoulders above the grocery stores meat. Checkout their website and you can compare the prices to what you find at your neighborhood store. John Mull's is also a game processing facility where hunters have been bringing their deer, turkey and wild boar to be butcher for decades.  John Mull's is also home to the Roadkill Grill which was recently featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. That's another review I'll be doing but this does give you the opportunity to try John Mull's meats as a finished product so you can immediately taste the quality of their cuts.
5	Heard about this place from a friend after it was on Food Network.  You would never see this place off the road unless you knew where it was.  Its tucked into a residential neighborood which adds to the hominess feel of the place.  The restaurant is a no frills butcher shop, but the smells are enough to get your mouth watering.  I went for the 3 meat combo with ribs, brisket and puled pork with mac and cheese and mac salad for sides.  The ribs were a little dry but the flavor was very good.  The rub was excellent and great smokey flavor, could have just been a bad day.  They offer 2 bbq sauces so I put the spicey sauce on the ribs and they were just fine.  The highlight was the brisket, it was tender and flavorful with no sauce needed.  the third meat was a pulled pork sandwich and it was great, this is one of those dishes that your average joe who isn't totally into bbq would love or kids.  We ordered the hot link sandwich and was surprised to find that it was a hot link on a bun with a side of hot links smothered in bbq sauce and both were excellent!  You get a great sausage flavor up front and then the heat follows up shortly.  The Mac and Cheese was the highlight of the trip for reason that most mac and cheese you find at bbq places are bland.  Their version was so good, there were different fresh cheeses and a baked top for that nice crispy cheese flavor.
5	best of the best so far. i came here on the whim of wanting to try really really good BBq, and even though some people seemed to have such high expectations for such a small place i thought i'd ignore the negative people and go with my gut :).  and it did pay off, i was so in love with the cuts of meat and the sides that i didn't even care how hot outside was. the food was awesome and the workers there were very sweet. My dad meet the owner, the one that was shown on the food networks triple D, he was a real sweet guy and was enthusiastic about talking to all the customers. what you should try is the pulled pork and chicken, the sausages  are really good. as well as the bake beans an the green beans. give this place a go. i would suggest have a  GPS system because it would be difficult going on your own. BUT! eat here, it was worth it for me.
5	Top notched BBQ!!  I had the the pulled pork......BOOM!!  This sandwich and the sides rocked.  Next trip I am all over the pulled chicken sandwich.  Oh yeah....... You can get your deer butchered there too.
5	There are only a couple of butchers worth going to in Vegas...John Mull's Meats is one of them.Their customer service is incredible...even at hectic holiday times!Great quality meats!Together that's everything I'm looking for!
2	OK, NEVER, NEVER GO HERE ON THE 1st OF THE MONTH!  I made the fatal mistake of going yesterday to pickup a small amount of meat for a BBQ on Labor Day.  When I drove up I noticed so many people outside just sitting around. and I thought maybe they were there to eat, a party maybe?  When I got the door open the place was jammed, and I do mean jammed packed!  I should have left right then and there!  But being a die hard fan of John Mull's I decided with what I needed shouldn't take too long.  What I didn't know was that all these people were getting a month's supply of meat because on the first of the month the food stamps come through.  Dumb me thought they were just getting meat for Labor Day parties!  The orders everyone were placing were HUGE, and each order needed the meat cut, wrapped and boxed.  Some people said they had been there for over 4 hours!  Now, their meat is good, but to stand around in the heat for hours, it's not that good!  I thought how long could my measly order take?  So I waited, slid, and pushed my way to the counter.  Why they don't have a TAKE A NUMBER system I have no idea, but they sure could use one.  Anyway, when I placed my order instead of just wrapping the meat and letting me pay for it,  she wrote down my order of 2 items and put it in the pile with the rest of the huge meat orders.  I decided to get some sides to go with the meat so shouldered my way to the "hot plate" side of the room and got some potato salad, beans, and mac and cheese.  THEIR SIDES ARE AMAZING!  I proceeded to wait about another hour and finally said I'm outta here because that's a long enough wait for anything and I have a hard time standing with these legs!  The staff was working as fast as they could go, people waiting were really nice about the situation, but it still didn't help the fact that I couldn't stand there with my potato salad in one hand and my cane in the other!  Will I go back to John Mull's?  You better believe it - just never, never on the first of the month!
1	After seeing this place on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives, I decided to give it a try.  Guy F. was raving about the place.   Ask any BBQ pro about boiling ribs and they will look at you like you just stole their elderly mother's life savings.  John Mull's boils their ribs before finishing on the grill but Guy stated "this is competition meat".So I make the trip there, really strange looking neighborhood and place.  Tiny on the inside, luckily it was not crowded.  I ordered a 2 meat combo.  Ribs and links, I told the young man preparing my plate that I wanted my sauce on the side, he said they don't put sauce on the meat, sauce is over on the counter.  Good sign.   I looked around as he was preparing my plate then went over to put some sauce in the little containers.   All set, got my food and headed out the door.  Not really any place to eat there except for some picnic benches outside but it was far too hot to be outside so I decided to head to the nearest covered lot and eat in my car.    Finally got to a hotel parking structure and was ready to feast!Opened my tray and found that this idiot kid covered my ribs with the links that were swimming in sauce!!!!  I literally wanted to scream!  I told the idiot I didn't want sauce on my ribs yet he proceeded to put the cut links and sauce on top of my ribs.Anyway, started on the ribs and they were not very good at all, tender but no flavor at  and the sauce sucked!   The links tasted like hot dogs.   Overall not good Q.Thanks Guy!!!   I was at another restaurant and the owner claimed that Triple D requests a fee for them to visit your restaurant.   I believe that.  Have you ever seen Guy say "that place was just OK'??
4	I'll preface this by saying I have never eaten at the Road Kill Grill side so this is just for the butcher.We picked up a couple of rib eye steaks for our Valentine's Dinner this year and they were the most amazing steaks we have had in a very long time. The service was quick and helpful. I really appreciated being able to pick the thickness of our steaks as well. It's odd that it is in a residential neighborhood, I thought I was lost at first! But I really like having a real butcher here in North Las Vegas. Would definitely recommend them to a friend.
3	How is it that I am just now getting around to reviewing John Mull's?  Oh yeah, because I just could not decide on 3 stars or 4.  I am going to go with a 3 star rating because this place I found to be average.  It took me a while to actually get here because they close so doggone early.  They close at 6:00 and I don't usually make it to the area from work until nearing 6:00.  So I usally have to bypass it.  And Saturdays are just too busy.  Sundays they are closed.  I did make it in one time though right before closing time.  I placed my order for a plate of brisket with baked beans and macaroni salad.  The beans were good but not extraordinary.  The macaroni salad was really good.  I am not alway a fan of macaroni salad but I ate this and wanted more.  As for the meat of the plate, the brisket itself, it was good.  Tender.  Flavorful.  They gave me a pile of it on top of a dinner roll.  I was disappointed that it did not come with BBQ sauce.  I came home and put some sauce from The Bear Pit (see review) on it.  That made it so much better.  I saved some of the meat for the next day.  There was that much of it.  With the amount of food I received, I felt the price was fair.  The reason they don't get a 4 star rating from me is the operating hours (which I understand and respect given they are in a residential neighborhood).  And the food, while good, it not amazing.  I would like to go back and get some of the fresh meat (uncooked) from their butcher side of business.
5	I am not a big BBQ eater when I go out to eat.  All of the chains I've been to just don't live up to a good home BBQ'ed meal.  I am pretty sure their motto is "skimp on the meat because they can't taste it through our 'award winning' BBQ sauce!"  John Mull's puts these chains to shame and lives up to any claims about being as good as home BBQ!The place itself resides on a small ranch and has that Old Nevada feel to it.  As a native to this state, I love that about the location.  A dirt parking lot and old wooden fences/structures make me feel like I am on a Nevada road trip.  There is a small out door seating area, but I prefer to take my food over to the Tenaya Creek brewery and have a nice IPA with my BBQ... SO GOOD!So far I have had the brisket, the ribs, a little bit of pulled pork and chicken.  This place has the best brisket I have ever had!  The stuff sits in it's own juices all day, and is incredibly tender and juicy.  "Wow" is all I can say about the brisket after hating this cut from other places.  The ribs are fall off the bone delicious.  Just amazing stuff.  Same goes for the pulled pork and chicken, although the pulled pork is a bit on the salty side.  The BBQ sauce has a thick, lightly sweet quality to it.  I prefer the spicy one (it's not that spicy).  But you really don't need BBQ sauce at all.  That is how good the meat is.  The dry rub kicks the crap out of every place I've been to.  All of the sides are amazing as well.  The only thing I am not a big fan of are the desserts, but that doesn't matter to me because the "dinner" portions are so huge that you won't have room for dessert anyway.  Really the dinners are enough for two maybe even three people with that brisket.Folks, seek this one out.  Take it from a guy that doesn't do Generic Dave's Memphis Subpar BBQ, The BBQ is outstanding here.
5	Best bbq. it's good ol homestyle cooking. It's pretty cheap, you sit outdoors, the food is amazing. Everyone is nice and friendly. It's in the middle of the neighborhood but everything is made on site. The potato salad and baked beans are to die for.
4	I'm from Texas so its hard to find any good brisket other than Texas but I think the road kill grill came pretty darn close! My husband and I will definitely be back.
5	I'm from St.Louis Mo. I saw this place on Diners Drive Ins and Dives so I figured when I visit Las Vegas I would check it out. I put the address in my gps and it took me there . This place is not much to look at from the outside but the food is worth the trip. I ordered a combo plate with ribs and pulled pork. The ribs were meaty and tender and the pulled pork was very good. My sides were macaroni & cheese and baked beans both were good. Also had apple cobbler it was just like moms. Portions were generous and prices were reasonable. My wife and I both agreed the food was great.When I come back to Vegas I will make a return visit to Roadkill.
4	Definitely one of the better BBQ spots in Vegas which isn't saying much because Vegas does not have much of a BBQ scene.As you drive down Thorn Blvd, you'll think you made a wrong turn but as your turn into the place you'll find a small ranch which provides a great atmosphere to your bbq eating experience.You place your order and then walk to the BBQ station where they fill your orders...very cool.   I like the small bench setups....feels very Rudy's like (if you're from Texas)   The portions are very hearty.   I shared a 3 meat combo which consisted of 2 orders of ribs, pulled pork, mac n cheese, and green beans.   The pulled pork was pretty dissapointing - very sweet and tasted like rou song (taiwanese dried pork that you put on top of rice).   The star of the show is definitely the ribs.   Excellent flavor and very tasty with the spicy bbq sauce.   The texture was perfect and had the perfect bite....not tough and over cooked.   I prefer a little more char smokiness but overall taste and flavor was delish.I hope to come back to try their Trip Tip, brisket, and bbq chicken.  The mac n cheese was really good.  Green beans pretty soggy but good flavor.  It's a very neat place and if i would definitely make the trek up for their ribs.  Be sure to check out the meat market next door to get some electic meats!
4	Now...if you want great BBQ this is the place.I have been coming here for the butcher services since I was a kid having my deer processed.This place has a great selection and everything I have tried has been top notch.The pulled pork was GREAT and the sauce matched perfect. I also suggest the hot links they were great size and flavor.The mac n cheese.....was killer. Thick cheese and large noodles....(drool)
5	We have been going to this place for meat for a couple of years and they have a great product.Today we tried the Road Kill Grill and the BBQ was out of this world good.  The meat so moist, juicy and tender with an awesome flavor.  My husband and I tried the sausage links, pulled pork, pulled chicken and the brisket.  Our sides were the mac and cheese and green beans.  The beans were slightly over cooked but had a really good flavor.The ambiance of wild west Nevada ranch is awesome.  It was very fair weather today so we ate outside at one of the picnic tables.The staff in the butcher area and at the Road Kill Grill are extremely friendly, upbeat and helpful.The portions sizes are huge and I ended up bringing home more than half of my meal.
5	By far the most consistent and best BBQ in the South West. I'm from the Midwest Omaha NE. & I have had the best from KC, Chicago, Omaha, Austin, Atlsnta etc. And I was astonished to find out the neon desert could compete in the BBQ arena now. Hence Roadkill Grill! My only gripe is that I live on the opposite side of town, but either way its always well worth it. 5 stars all day.
5	We recently came here for the first time, and the food was out of this world.  I had the brisket and ribs and they were both great.  For sides, I had the mac and cheese, and it is one of the best I have ever had.  Nice big tender noodles and great cheese with lots of good flavor.  Will definitely be coming back here many more times.
1	I dropped off a deer on Dec 8.  The gentlemen told me it would be ready in just a few days.  I called back the following weekend and the woman who answered said it still wasn't ready.  Today, Dec 22 (2 weeks later) I called at 9 AM.  The woman this time told me she was too busy to even check and see if my deer was ready, and that I should call back at 3 PM.  How unprofessional?  I live nearly an hour away so dropping by isn't really an option for me.  I will not return to this business.
5	who knew there was a bbq place in town that wasnt a famous daves or lucilles style restaurant. this reminds me of of the rudys i went to in colorado springs.its a meat shop thats been around for a few generations that has a bbq part in the meat shop.theres not indoor dining area, you get your food and walk outside to an eating area. its neat i like it. cold in the winter and probably hot in the summer but i like that its not a typical set up.i got the 2 meat combo.pulled pork - very nice seasoning and moistbrisket - sliced a little thin but had good fat and moistness to itslaw - not super sweet but just enoughbaked beans - surprisingly really really good. not think or too sweet. nice chunks of pork.spicy bbq - i like iti couldnt finish half of it. the portions were really good.
5	It was incredible.  Went on December 7, 2012, after seeing on Diner's Drive Inns and Dives.  Took a cab from the Strip.  Our cab driver out that grew up in Las Vegas had never heard of it, found it for us with a little instruction from shop.  Being from Montana, we had no problem when a hunter pulled up with an elk to be processed.  Ate the incredible food.  Take the advice from the cashier.  Our $20 3 meat lunch(ribs, brisket, hot links and sides) to share was more than enough for the 2 of us.  Great friendly staff and service.  Well worth our $70 cab ride.  Our return cab driver, that never heard of the place, could't wait to take his wife on his Harley for lunch.  Can't wait to go back.
2	I'm a Texas girl and was having the craving for some BBQ, in all the years I've lived here (over 20) I have never had any BBQ in this city that can come close to the best BBQ which in my humble opinion is from Texas. So I jumped on yelp to see what was out there, maybe just maybe there's a hidden gem in the city of sin. So after reading some reviews we decided to check out the road kill grill. The name alone sounds interesting, and it was featured on the food network.....so I'm not gonna lie we got a little giddy. Driving up it was very cool, it's ranch style setting, you eat outside on picnic tables and they are smoking the meat out there. It gives you that vibe of family reunion or family gathering on a Sunday afternoon, I dug that. Now the first red flag was they are smokin the meat outside but there was no delicious aroma of meat smokin in the air. I wanna smell that meat smokin, it gets my mouth goin! So the husband orders what he always gets when we eat BBQ..... Brisket sandwich. I decide to try something different so I ordered a plate of chicken with green beans and Mac and cheese. So we'll start off with the brisket sandwich. The brisket didn't look like brisket. Brisket should be brown and crispy on the outside and pink towards the center. It should melt in your mouth and flake apart. The brisket looked nothing like that, it looked as though they had boiled it, not smoked it. When he opened the styrofoam container that held his sandwich I thought they messed up on his order and gave him pork, because the meat looked like pork not brisket. There were no pickles, no mustard, and no onions which are what make a brisket sandwich. The BBQ sauce they provided for dipping I will say was delicious. Now onto the chicken. That was delicious, very moist and very juicy. The flavoring was excellent, and I think should be considered their best item. The green beans were full of flavor and scarfed up immediately. The Mac and cheese was really good as well, it was baked and didn't have an overabundance of cheese. Overall if I could give this place 2 1/2 stars I would, I can't stretch to a 3 just based on the fact that the brisket was so off. I'm still on my quest to find some delicious Texas style BBQ here in the valley. I'm getting kinda tired of having to drive all the way to Phoenix to have Rudy's just so I can have some good BBQ.
4	First day of a week long vacation in Las Vegas and hubby insists on going to John Mull's.  drove straight from airport.  Should have listened to the other customers!  We each got the two meat platter.  Enough food for 5 people - easily!  Brisket, hot links, chicken, baked beans, mac n cheese - each bite better than the last.  Friendly staff added to the great experience!  Don't miss it!
4	I've been to a couple of local BBQ joints in town and have hated them all. I finally admitted that the only place I could get decent BBQ is Lucille's or Memphis BBQ. I was talking to a coworker about the lack of good BBQ in this city and she mentioned the Road Kill Grill. She said that she lived close by and since I lived on the opposite side of town, she would stop and get me a plate. The next day she came in with a very heavy styrofoam plate and told me that the price had recently gone up to $15. When I got home, there was chicken, ribs, links, and brisket along with mac & cheese, and beans. There was a regular sauce and a spicy one. The amazing part of it all is that ALL of it was very good.  I was shocked. It was VERY good, only cost $15 and the two of us ate off of it for three days. What an amazing meal. I have only one regret. I live so far away from it. I'll definitely have it again.
5	This was delicious! Had the tri tip sandwich, they didn't have brisket, and it was perfectly seasoned. I tasted my husband's links & those were yummy too. *tip* you can bring your own drink or buy a bottled water or canned soda for $1.00. I liked the peach cobbler but for the size,  I didn't think it was worth $3.00.
5	I would say this gets 4.75 stars and I round up! The good: The food is OUT OF SIGHT! At least as good as I have ever had and a few items that are off the CHARTS good! The two items that come to mind is the mac and cheese and the brisket. Both are the best I have ever had. The portions are HUGE!!! I love that as big as I am (6'5, 260) I can easily make two meals out of their 3 meat combo.The service is great and they really make you feel at home. You feel apart of the family and I love that type of experience!The bad: There is no indoor seating. The drive is LONG if you live in the south side of town.
4	Best BBQ I have had since Kansas City in 2002. Came with the wife. The ribs were outstanding. The smoked flavor of the meat was perfect and the caramelization was spot on. The brisket wasn't cooked enough and wasn't cut against the grain, which also made it tough, good flavor though. The hot links in BBQ sauce was awesome.  The BBQ sauce was a little chunky with onions which I really liked and had the perfect tartness. We also got a pulled pork sandwich.  The pulled pork had a lot of flavor.The sides were also good. Cheesy Mac and cheese, good potato salad, and the baked beans had a lot of flavor as well as lots of bacon and ground beef. The coleslaw was okay, too much celery seed which made it bitter. If you like BBQ this is a must.
5	This has to be the best BBQ meats in Vegas !!  They have also catered the annual Vegas Valley 4 Wheelers Hump N Bump In Logandale NV. for the past couple of years. They bang out awesome food to the massive crowd in record time efficiently and friendly top notch !!..check them out ..
5	Holy son of a cow...this place gets 5 stars. It was cold and windy today with a long line out the door- but what did John Mull do? They had a big ass bucket of free beers while you waited! We tried the ribs, brisket, pulled pork, mac-n-cheese, mac salad, beans and peach cobbler. I would have to say the brisket and mac salad were my favorite. The free beers while waiting is the 5 star maker :)
4	Looooong wait for hot food! I thought a Tuesday afternoon would be slow, but no way. I'll admit the food is worth the wait, but still they should expand or at least have a larger waiting area. My parents and I went for takeout during lunch time. We all ordered the 2 meat combo with 2 sides. The rib tips were delicious, perfect salty, smokey tenderness. The beef brisket was very tender as well. The portions are huge! For sides I tried the green beans and the maccaroni and cheese. The green beans were seasoned with smoked pork and surprisingly not overcooked. The maccaroni and cheese tasted like something I would have eaten at a "pig pickin" back home. It was wonderful, cheesy, creamy goodness. For the 3 of us for lunch, the bill came to $48, however we had enough leftovers for a second meal. If you've got a hankerin for some quality smoked meat, check this place out!
5	Always get it to go been going here for the last few months. This IMO is the best BBQ spot in Vegas. Irony is there aren't many good ones famous Dave's is "ok" but here is good consistent food and service!! I just hope the quality doesnt deteriorate as the popularity increases.
4	I went here with three of my friends for the first time. They are like in the middle of nowhere, and we thought we were lost. The place itself looks like a ranch! (wait maybe it is a ranch lol) because they butcher their own meat. So you can count on the meat being extremely fresh! Now be forewarned, this isn't a place to come to with a large group of people to actually eat here. You are supposed to order your food and take it home as they really don't have much seating area.As for the food, wow, I ordered just the hot links sandwich, and the sauced version of the hot links blew me away. The portions are large and the price is fair.If you are tired of going to Lucilles, Famous Daves, Tony Romas ribs, and other chains, then come here and try this place out! True southern-like BBQ house.Oh and this place was featured on the "Food" Network for top BBQ houses in the country by the way!
3	There should be 2 separate listings, because I had significantly different experiences between the Road Kill Grill and the butcher services, so I am averaging here.First the grill:Dirt lot, outdoor picnic tables and a non-descript entrance that had me looking around to see if I had the right spot all point to a great dive-style BBQ joint.  I went at a time I expected to be off-peak, but the line was still rather long and everything made me feel THIS was going to be a great meal.  However, when you go to a dive for food and the food isn't good, all of the romance of eating at a dive disappears and you realize it's really just a dumpy spot that is surviving on the hype.Maybe it was an off day, but my ribs were dry.  The meat had a nice smoky flavor and were still tender enough to eat, but they had been on the heat too long and lacked anything special.Both of the side dishes I chose were disappointing.  I ate the beans, but they were rather bland.  I tried both their spicy and regular BBQ sauce, but nether offered much help.  The coleslaw was unpleasant and after only two bites, thrown away.  And how do you ruin coleslaw?  I was surprised by that.While I was there, I did look at the selection of meats they offer from the butcher-side of the business and was very excited to see some offerings that are hard to find anywhere else in Summerlin.  By watching the action while I was in line, I was impressed.  The meat looked great and the guy handling it obviously knew what he was doing.  I picked up some random beef cuts for later and the flavor was excellent.  This kept them from getting only 2 stars for the food, because I would go back to use their butcher services in the future, but will never try the BBQ again.
5	This place really hit the spot after a track meet!  I knew this place was off the beaten path, but i was surprised how it's a gravel driveway in what looks like a one story home!I had the pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese.  The BBQ sauce had a little kick to it and the meat was slow-cooked and well done.  My southern friend approved (and he rarely approves of anything in Vegas) and everyone in my group is looking forward to my next meet (or excuse) to come here.I plan on buying my meat from here for my next pool cookout, I only wish this place was so far off of the 95...
5	AMAZING !! make sure you get there on Tues or Thursday for the Tri Tip. Portion are HUGE and food is good
5	Hands down one of the best BBQ places I have eaten at. The mac and cheese is the best I've ever had and could possibly be better than sex..... yes, it's that good. Lip smackin' good... that's what she said :)
4	god damn good!
5	This is possibly the most unsuspecting restaurant in Vegas.  It is smack in the middle of a residential neighborhood and looks more like a ranch versus a place where you can buy meat and great BBQ. When I got there the line was ridiculously long BUT they did have free beer to help the time go by (KUDOS!). John Mull's has the BEST BBQ in Las Vegas! I moved to Las Vegas from Tennessee a few years ago so I am well aware of what real deal BBQ should taste like.  This place definitely reminded me of Memphis BBQ and was, dare I say, even better than what you can get in downtown Memphis.  Everything down to the sauce was delicious. My only gripe would be to serve some type of Texas toast or cornbread versus a big roll of sandwich bread. I wasn't a huge fan of the cole slaw either but everyone else in my family loved it.Try the pulled chicken and potato salad. They will change your life!
5	John Mull's catered a BBQ for us at work today. My first time trying this place and I will definitely be making the trek to their restaurant.-The meats we had to enjoy were the Brisket, Chicken, Hot links and Ribs.   The ribs and hot links stole the show for. Very flavor full, lick your fingers good!!-For the sides: Mach and cheese was legit but the baked beans stole the show. They has ground meat, bacon, jalapenos and other goodness.Definitely a must try and a return to kind of place.
4	Having lived in TX for a long time I love my BBQ.  And the BBQ scene in Vegas is pretty nonexistent.  Enter John Mull's.  As you drive down towards the restaurant, you'll think you made a wrong turn, but eventually you stumble into a ranch which provides a fun atmosphere for your eating experience.  A great place to get your BBQ fixins'!While it isn't as good as TX BBQ, it is about the best you are going to find in Vegas and very enjoyable nonetheless.  The best choices IMO are definitely the ribs and the tri-tip.  The pork is a huge serving and is guaranteed to fill you up, but I found the flavor to be lacking just a little bit.All in all it's a very neat and unique place and if i would definitely recommend it.  They also have a butcher shop right next door so be sure to check that out.
3	In my opinion this place was just "ok." I went with my family and a friend and between us, we tried just about everything on the menu and the general consensus was the same.  I have to give credit to the fact that most of the meat was at least cooked well and was tender, but it went south from there.  The pulled pork was swimming in sauce as was the sliced hot link.  I like sauce and this BBQ should have sauce but in the quantities it came in, it took away from the quality of the meat.  The hot link had good heat and snap of the casing, but drowned out by the copious  amounts of sauce.  The brisket was tender, but because it was being kept in a steam bath of Au Jus, it became over cooked and grayed out.  The brisket and ribs also lacked a good bark that is synonymous with quality BBQ.  The ribs were tender but good have been more so if the membrane on the bone side of the ribs had been removed before cooking.  The sides that we had were the mac n cheese, beans and potato salad and these may have been the better part of the meal.  The mac n cheese was homemade and had a good flavor.  The beans could have been a meal in themselves.  They had bacon, ground beef, greens and pieces of brisket in them and they were quite good.  The potato salad was also pretty good with a lot of ingredients and flavor.  At the end of the meal we tried the peach cobbler as they were out of apple.  The peach cobbler was a let down and not because of the canned peaches used, instead it was the amount of nutmeg.  By the third bite all you could taste was the nutmeg and it ruined it for us.Overall I give this place three stars for being mediocre, it is certainly not the best BBQ in Vegas, just another "ok" option
5	We eat the brisket, the pork ribs and pulled pork.  We had all the sides and beans were awesome!   The best Barbeque in all of Nevada and could be the best west of the Mississippi.    You need to try it and you too will believe!
4	I ordered the brisket but was graciously given a single rib to try for future reference. Wow, definitely worth the rib they gave me, because I will DEFINITELY go back and order the ribs. Super tender, beautifully seasoned, and not doused in BBQ sauce for flavor. I am not even sure I would put their delicious sauce on my next order of ribs because the ribs were so great by themselves. Oh and back to the brisket, it's easy to forget anything when thinking about those ribs. Brisket sandwich was HUGE, and delicious. My buddy ordered Pulled Pork and that was great too. Service is top notch and I will gladly drive back to North Town for more!!
4	I had the 3 meat combo... beef brisket, pulled pork, pulled chicken with 2 sides...mac'ncheese and baked beans...the beef brisket was by far the bast of the meats... the pulled pork and chicken were too much alike and I should have just got one or the other, but there was so much leftover that it was another meal in itself... the man'ncheese was very flavorful they use shell macaroni which had plenty of cheese... the baked beans had a great flavor and had chunks of meat in it....I will be sure to go back here the next time I'm in Vegas...
5	This is the spot. Period.Except for the tasteless road kill name, this place is perfect--a true gem. In the city of sin, box chains, and strip malls, this BBQ post provides the ideal escape for some soul satisfying Americana. They have the best mac n' cheese and the best pulled pork this boy eva had... and I've been through KC and Texas a few times. Take a trip up north to the rural side of town and I promise you will return again and again. Oh, and there's a varietal of free domestic beer on Saturdays. See you there.
4	Super delicious BBQ in the most unlikely of locations.  We shared a full plate with my husband, me and my daughter and it was plenty.  The mac and cheese is amazing, the hot links are great, it is all super tasty.  We decided to have them cater our daughters birthday party.  PIcked up a couple party trays for a great price.
5	Can't wait to go back! Great food, friendly service... Overall a great experience. Well worth the drive.
5	These guys make the best BBQ in vegas ! I brought my dad visiting from CA out there, and he says "why are we going all the way out here "... and then he had some. Ribs- outstanding (I'm not a rib guy). Pulled Pork... excellent.. the Brisket.. THE BOMB ! the place is obscure, but the food is excellent, and I've heard the meats are great too... albeit a bit pricey. Outside seating ... so, just take it home. My wife and I cannot eat the 3-meat lunch with two sides. They feed you ! Thanks Guy Fieri for turning us onto this one !
4	The food is amazing!  Just don't come during the summer - outdoor seating only!  Make sure you get the mac 'n cheese, the brisket, and the beans.  SO GOOD!  I would have given 5 stars if there were indoor seating.
5	keep your eyes open! its not in a shopping strip...  it's a hidden jewel
4	So Yelp sent out this email talking about the Dibs on Ribs.  Being the day before the 4th of July, we were definitely in the mood for good BBQ.  My friend "O" remembered this place as being a great meat market and I recalled the triple D episode on it, so we faxed our order in.  O said she got there early, just before the rush!  Our pork ribs were da bomb, tender and flavorful--very generous portions of thinly sliced, tasty brisket, too.  Mac-n-cheese was nice, but the star side order for me was the green beans, with ham hocks and potatoes and spot-on seasoning.  We were so achingly full after the ribs and all, but still dug into the desserts.  OMG, the warm peach cobbler was almost orgasmic--seriously.  Anyway, great lunch for us, with enough leftover for dinner!
4	One of the best hidden restaurants in Vegas that was featured on The Food Network (wall is signed by Guy Fieri from Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives).  This place was highly recommended by locals when we moved to the area and we finally got a chance to check it out today. We found the spot last night, but it was closed and what a surprise!!  We thought the GPS was not working correctly since it had us in the midst a rural residential area complete with horses across the street and this appeared to be some type of ranch.  We decided to try it out for lunch and once again we were struck by the rural surroundings complete with a gravel driveway.  There is nothing fancy about this place, but it still attracts crowds (like a down-home bbq).  The lot was crowded and the "Grub Shack" (outside eating area with water misters..woohoo) was full! We ordered at the small inside counter / butcher shop area that was packed with customers as well as employees bustling around taking  & filling orders and our wait was still only about 15 minutes...the pulled pork (sauce had nice spicy kick to it) was the best I've had since coming to this area and the beef brisket was tender & juicy "cooked to perfection"; the mac & cheese had too much of something so I wouldn't order that again, but the portions and the inexpensive prices make this a spot that we recommend & will bring out of town guests to visit as well.
4	If you have high standards for smoked brisket and pulled pork, then this isn't the place. But if you love backyard, affordable, well portioned BBQ...this is the spot. Vegas is largely lacking awesome hole in the walls like this.  Aside from the slaw, every side dish rocks.  Get a 3-meat combo with ribs, tips, & hot links...then head inside for game to take home.  One stop shop for all that is meat!
4	this place is hard to find, but when you get there it's worth it, had the link, brisket, rib combo, was great.
2	We did not eat at the Road Kill Grill instead we Came here to pick up my 5 bone standing rib roast. It was good, but it wasn't great. Didn't have any more flavor or tenderness than a supermarket brand and it was expensive.
4	My husband and I visited Vegas for our second anniversary and planned ahead to make Road Kill Grill one of our stops. We read various reviews and were prepared for all of the quirks which added to the charm and experience. We are not acclimated to the 104 degree temperature in Vegas so we planned to pick up the food and take it back to the hotel.  It was about 8 miles away from our hotel and worth the time it took to make the trip. I had a hot link and ribs with mac and cheese and green beans. The portion size is good and the food was really good. We will definitely go back next year. Thanks!
4	Without GPS you'd never find the place. Even with GPS I thought it was my first Apple maps wild goose chase until I practically drove past it. Why is this in a residential area? But it was worth the "treasure hunt". Everything was good. Not over the top great...just good enough to want to come back for more.  The service was extremely slow. But then again, this is a butcher shop that sells some food. Its not really a restaurant. Which also explains why they close at six. Or is that because they are in a residential area?
2	Wow...either all these previous reviewers are liars, getting kickbacks, associated with this place or they are numb to good food.This BBQ shack is anything but what I thought it was! It was featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, so I thought it had to be good.Unfortunately...it is just a make-shift hole in the wall, that is part of a larger ranch style butchering operation in a residential neighborhood.The set up is rediculous too...it gets very crowded in the ordering area.The employees were very nice, the prices were ok and the side dishes were right out of a hospital cookbook and the BBQ meats were absolutely tasteless. ZERO FLAVOR!No distinguishable seasonings, on anything!They give it to you in a styrofoam container and you eat outside in a wooden seating/standing area. They give you plenty but plenty of tasteless food is not BBQ!I am sorry if I have offended anyone but the ribs and beef brisket was void of any flavor!I can think of 10 BBQ places that are easier to find, more comfortable to enjoy the food and taste like a BBQ joint should.
3	One of the better BBQ places in Vegas, however, its small space doubles as a butcher and a restaurant. They smoke the meats outside and then bring them inside to the serving area. They have quite a selection of meats and sides, although the pricing is a little steep for a hole in the wall joint. The food is good though, especially the ribs, green beans and mac & cheese, which are my favorites here. If you come during the lunch rush, be prepared to wait in a line so be sure to arrive early if you're in a hurry! If you choose to dine in, there's an outdoor patio area next to the parking lot where you can sit down and eat. I come by here every once in a while when I'm craving BBQ. You can also order raw meat from the butcher or bring in your next fresh kill to be butchered by the pros
4	Best bbq joint here in Vegas.
5	Took my dad and brother here and they couldn't believe what it was when we showed up. right in the middle of a neighborhood and outside grill. We got some brisket sandwiches and mac n cheese.Got a lot of meat with the sandwich and it was cooked perfect and tasted great.the mac n cheese was one of my favorites of all time. cant wait to comeback
5	Ok.It is literally just a BBQ shack in the middle of this dirt lot.But the food is amazing.Like amazing.Worth waiting outside in the horrible Vegas heat to get it good.The place also gets points for giving free bottled water to patrons as they wait to go order and get their grub on.
5	If you are looking for good ole' southern eats, look no further. Seriously. Stop. This is the real deal.I have been lucky enough to eat at John Mull's throughout the years. My most recent was when we had them cater for our company lunch. Best decision we had made in a very long time.They set up in our parking lot and you could just smell the good food cooking away.We had ribs, chicken, brisket, sausage, mac & cheese, baked beans, potato salad, macaroni salad, peach cobbler, rolls and assorted BBQ sauces.The mac & cheese is simply some of the best I have ever had. It was cheesy but not greasy. It was ooey and gooey and the perfect balance of flavors.The baked beans! HOLY MOLY! I am not a big baked bean person but these beans were delicious. They were mixed with ground beef and a concoction of seasonings that just kept me wanting more. Out of the meats, the spareribs were my favorite. They were tender and just delicious. The brisket was good too - juicy and smokey. The chicken was actually pretty good too. Not dry at all. The sausages, well who doesn't like a good old sausage.There is never a reason to pass up on something this good. I promise. Good food, Great portions, Reasonable prices.
5	FREE Beer on Saturday! I thought they were kidding at first but there it was a LARGE garbage can full of beer in Ice Water. Nice selection too.We LOVED this place and the locals were very friendly and all asking how we found out about it (we stick out as blonde outlaws). As Food Network junkies we long ago saw John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill on Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.I'm going to call this a Drive-in Dive with affection and high enough food standards. It is largely a meat market butcher who also barbecues until 6 pm everyday with some  tables around the outdoor kitchen and a tent with some portable tables, translation it's a picnic outdoors.I see some people that didn't like the bbq here and I believe that is because they like their bbq burnt smothered in a corn fructose tomato paste and soybean oil. This was fantastic smoked slow cooked bbq without the burnt sugar etc. There was a light sauce on the hot links that added but otherwise just perfectly seasoned imo, and that might be a little underseasoned for many but you can always add salt and pepper and sauce if you really want it. We were THRILLED with this place. We would be here weekly if we were local. I would have to get a motorcycle.They were out of Brisket. People in line had said two people could easily sharethe two or 3 meat combo plate and they were right. We went with a 3 meat comboplate for $16 and had HUGE leftovers. We had the hot links, pulled pork and beef tips. We actually have not been able to agree which was best but could not live without the pulled pork or beef tips, and I really liked the hot links with a nice solid pepper punch. I'm pretty sure we missed something with being out of brisket but I much prefer a restaurant being out of a fresh product than having a huge freezer somewhere with previously cooked product they reheat. You get to choose sides and we went with the mac & cheese highly recommended by the locals in line and baked beans, finished off with a peach cobble, orgasmic.This was FANTASTIC, just do it.  Load your Garmin, this is in a residential area and not easy to find. FREE beer on Saturday!
4	This review is for the Road Kill Grill section.Looking for this place off of Thom Blvd, you can easily miss it if you are not looking hard enough. What's funny is that they have two decent sized signs and I still almost ended up passing them. You are actually in the middle of a neighborhood and all of a sudden you see several small ranch style buildings. It kind of looks like a western setting for an old cowboy movie.Once you find the dirt/gravel parking lot, make your way to the building that says John Mull's Meats and Road Kill Grill. When you come in, the bulk meat ordering section is to your right while the hot food section is to your left. You tell the attendant behind the hot food counter what you want and they will put it in a to go container for you coming from pans that are already prepared. What I ordered was the 2 meat combo for 14 dollars. The 3 meat was only 2 dollars more but damn, I know for sure I am not gonna finish the 2 meat. Meat choices were Hot Links, Brisket, Ribs, Pulled Pork, Pulled Chicken, 1/4 Chicken, Rib Tips, and Tri Tip on Tues and Thursday only. I chose the Brisket and Pulled Pork. Comes with your choice of 2 sides which were Potato Salad, Macaroni Salad, Baked Beans, Green Beans, Cole Slaw, and Mac n Cheese. I opted for the Potato Salad and Mac n Cheese. If you refer to my picture, its a lot of food!So when you pay towards the end of the counter, you have a choice of regular or spicy barbeque sauce in a little to go cup. I sampled both and the spicy was better than the original. Not make you sweat spicy, but just that little flavor kick to get you going. What's pretty cool is that they have the sauces in warmers so you get it heated.Once you pay, you have the option of going home, staying in your car, or look for one of several tables outside to sit down and eat. Remember, the building you came from only houses the butcher meats and hot foods only.Service is decent. From my assumption if the place is packed you will definitely have to wait a while. Of course you can call ahead and pick up also.Some random info. Their bathroom is literally in the back where all their pits and smokers are so if you need to go you can probably catch the cooks in action. I suggest getting the 3 meat combo to share cuz its a lot of food and you can save money! The roads leading up to their place is all 25 miles per hour. On certain days, cops like to meet their quota by hanging out around this area so watch your speed!So overall, they have some decent barbeque here. I just wouldn't make an extra special trip just to eat here though.
3	The Brisket and pulled pork were my favorite. Tried the ribs and cut up hot links in the sauce and it was not to bad. Huge portions and tasty baked beans. When I got home to dig into my Mac and cheese, I opened the plate to see Mac salad instead. I was pissed because the Mac n cheese looked so good. I drove kind of far and did not want to go back.
5	Apparently John Mull didn't pay attention to the old adage "location, location, location" and if this place was judged solely on first impressions they may be in trouble. Located near Rancho and Gowan, smack dab in the middle of a residential neighborhood, the Road Kill Grill had me wondering as we rolled up into the dirt/rock driveway. It seemed as though I was thrust into the middle of  some sort of unsolved murder/mystery documentary. It just didn't seem right. Are they really going to serve us "road kill?" is the thought that kept running through my mind.Just as we approached and entered, thoughts of normalcy began to take over again, that is until I spotted the stuffed coyote inside the meat shop/restaurant. I was with a group of people and couldn't let my fears get the worst of me and just run out. Besides, I didn't think I'd be able to find my way back to the main road. We were greeted by a very friendly, knowledgable man who briefed all of the "Road Kill Virgins" on what exactly it was we were getting ourselves into. It's "Tri-Tip day" he exclaims. Okay, now I'm interested. As he's taking orders, I'm looking at the menu, but have pretty much decided on the Tri-Tip. My buddy orders a three meat combo. Not to be outdone when it comes to grub, I order three meats as well. Tri-Tip, Hot Links and Brisket with cole slaw and good 'ol mac n cheese. It was like I'd died and gone to a pic-nic in Heaven. The Tri-Tip was some of the best I've ever had the pleasure of consuming and the mac n cheese was some kind of tasty. The hot links were sliced up and smothered in bbq sauce and the coleslaw could almost compete with grandma's  (nothing ever will, but their's was pretty darn good).The only thing that would have made the meal better would have been a huge glass of iced tea with lots of ice. The draw back here is that it's bottled water or canned soda, that's it. But hey, a regular showed up with a cooler full of his favorite beverage and nobody batted an eye. There is no inside seating, so good weather is vital. Or better yet, just grab it to go and take it home. It does travel well, too, as we couldn't finish it all and took some back for a co-worker. He was impressed as well. Not that they would have to twist my arm to come back, but they offer free beer on Saturday. Maybe I have died and gone to a bbq in Heaven.
5	The best baked beans I have ever had!  We came at 5:30pm.  They close at 6:00pm and there was a long wait, but it was worth it.  The cashier comped us peach cobbler for waiting the 15 minutes or so before we got our food.Seriously, get the beans!  While eating outside, the owner, John Mull, came out and to thank us the long wait, gave us a card for a free meal.  Talk about customer service!  The peach cobbler was excellent.  I can't wait to visit again!
3	I was really looking forward to this place. The beans and Mac n Cheese were great. The meats were dry and tasteless.  The service was very friendly and the prices were fair
4	Yummy, what can I say more,,, nothing like fancy sit down restaurant , but just a hole in the wall in the northeast... Yes the parking lot is gravel pit and they serve their food in styrofoam, but it is good old fashion bbq...Service was fast as it was after the lunch crowd and a weekday visit..2 combo meat meal was big enough for 1 person to have left over, the price was reasonable. The pork were  just enough seasoning, and can add a little sauce , as much as you want which comes on the side... Big chuck of Mac and cheese , and tasty potato salad.Seating is outside, but this time of yr, very comfortable..Local get your frequent diner card, buy 10 combo meals get 1 freeIt was worth the drive and I live in summerlin...
5	Best BBQ ever the Brisket was my favorite. Good atmosphere and Great Meat selection at the butcher shop.
5	What a great place! Both John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill had fantastic selections and helpful professional people.   Chuck among others went above and beyond to ensure this Texas girl got some great barbeque. So good to find great brisket and also cobbler in Las Vegas. I highly recommend!
5	Best BBQ IN VEGAS!!!!! There meat melts in your mouth. Doesn't matter which one you order! So much flavor too! There Mac n' cheese is the best I've ever had! Can't get enough! There green beans are amazing! So much flavor!! Bbq beans are good. The people and atmosphere is pretty awesome and unique! Good prices!  ITS A MUST GO TRY KIND OF PLACE FOR VISITORS! And a every chance I get place for me since I live here!
3	Not too bad.   I had Rib Tips, Ribs, sliced Brisket & Links. Mac & Cheese Potato Salad & Beans  The best part was the Ribs & Beans.  I got a lot if food for the price.  The staff was real courteous
4	Must try this joint. Very great food and friendly staff. Ribs and hot links are well worth the trip from the east coast.  For more details and another positive review check this place out on diners drive thrus and dives.
5	I thought my GPS was sending me on a wild goose chase. Ended up in a subdivision in the middle of nowhere, but found heaven. The ribs were fabulous, and the brisket was almost as good as mine (of course I'm biased). The employees were great...Nice, courteous young men.
5	What a great value!!! The staff are wonderful and always friendly. The food is beyond delicious and everything I have tasted from this hidden heaven has been yummy. Great value as well. I have also heard great reviews about the butchery end of the business.
4	Good Hot Links!
5	Driving across the US is part if my job. I stop in big cities and small. Prior to my visit here, a Texas joint was my favorite BBQ in the nation. I'd guess I've tried 40+ joints across the US. I have a new top favorite now and its right here. Im not sure what I like most. Ribs, brisket or sausage. Haven't tried the chicken yet but if its liks the rest of their BBQ....It's on my list to try.
4	Love there cat fish.   It's frozen, so you have to cook it yourself.They don't have time to cater to you here.  Order what you need.  That's it!  But I love the cat fish and the hot links!  So I'm not complaining!
5	It's an experience.  One of the best bbq's ever. Guy was right. Staff was very friendly and funny.
5	The Road Kill Grill combines two things that I love ...  Dives and BBQ.  The RKG pulls off divey without the "I'm scared I'm going to get shot" divey feel we don't like.  The brisket and pulled pork are tender and smoked perfectly.  The ribs fall of the bone and are full of juicy meat.  The meats are served dry with sauce on the side so you can control how much sauce you want on it.  It's like  a "we trust you with the sauce" approach, which is nice.All in all, very solid food and a fun place to eat.
5	Yeah this back yard style smoked meat BBQ is consistently the best.  Knowing that John Mull is a butcher adds to the fact that he knows his Q.  Nicely smoked meats, tender fall off the bone ribs in generous portions, great side items.  Do not miss the peach cobbler, it will make you cry.  Sure you have to take it away, or eat outside on a bench.  Who cares, we dont need no stinking table service!  Be aware that you have to stand in a line outside, so bring your chill attitude, it can take 20 minutes or more on a weekend.  Oh and did I mention they have free beer Saturdays while you are waiting?
5	This place is awesome! Came for the BBQ, was really great. Had the brisket sandwich and potato salad( ok and a hot link) all were super yummy! Will be back for more. Great prices and staff. Can't wait to buy meat from butcher shop.
4	Some decent 'Que on my side of town!I'll admit, I had to check out this place after it was featured on "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives" on the Food Network.  But without this tidbit, I might have never knew the place existed!Funniest thing about John Mull's is that it is basically located in the middle of residential homes.  Yes!  When you GPS the address you might think you're being led to the wrong place.  But keep truckin' because the BBQ joint is on property of what looks to be a ranch house.  John Mull's eating area shares the common space with what is essentially a butcher block.  Get a whole cow, some eggs, and then a meal of BBQ afterwards?  I don't see why not.While the market has been around for some time, my review basically goes over the BBQ station.  It used to be just a shack when they first started, lately I hear they have a small food truck type deal to serve folks as well.  They need the help, John Mull's can get busy for lunch!  Typically it's take-out, but they do have a small seating area with about a dozen bench tables or so.  If it's full, eat it out of your truck tailgate like most folks do!I am not an expert on BBQ by any means, but good food I can do.  Sure, you have your naysayers that go on and on and on about how their BBQ sauce is from a bottle (I can confirm I think it is), but really I don't care.  The meat itself is not artificially processed.  Trimmed in-house, and smoked in-house!  Flavor of the BBQ is what is necessary!  John Mull's makes some mighty decent 'Que.  Easiest thing on the menu to try if you're a noob to this place is just to go with a combo meal.  A 2 Meat Combo will run you about $14, and a 3 Meat Combo will run about $16.  When it's the wifey and I we usually opt for the 3 Meat Combo and share.  Be careful, it's a lot of food!  The 3 Meat Combo will easily feed a third person.  Combos come with your choice of meats and sides.  Meats include:-Hot Link-Brisket-Ribs-Pulled Pork-Pulled Chicken-1/4 ChickenTheir strength lies in their ribs and brisket I think.  I like their pulled pork, but if I'm having their ribs (which I always do) I compliment it with the brisket.  The ribs are cooked just right, requisite pink ring around the outside, meat pulls off the bone (but not too easily), super moist and tender, finished on the grill with a slathering of BBQ sauce right before serving.  The brisket is flavorful, and just plain juicy, thanks to the lovely fat cap that surrounds each one before smoking.  OK, if you just say 'brisket' when you order your meat, you will most likely just get the lean end of the brisket.  Which is not dry, but not as near darn tasty as the fatty end.  So be specific on which part of brisket you want, lean or fat.  I will usually ask for a 1/2 portion of both.  For sides, Road Kill Grill has some options too:-Potato or Macaroni Salad-Coleslaw-Baked Beans-Mac & Cheese-Green BeansUnfortunately, no collard greens or black eyed peas!  But you can't have everything.  I will mention that the green beans are just mainly reheated from the can, so I mainly skip that.  The baked beans are very good, and their mac & cheese is actually pretty stellar.  I also enjoy their potato salad.Combos and meals come with slices of white bread if you request, but don't forget to ask!  It won't always come with it included.  Also, get some extra BBQ sauce!  I know the sauce may be bottled, but they let it simmer on the side most of the day, so the flavor does concentrate nicely.  The hot BBQ sauce has a nice kick so watch out.  Kaboom!  It's overall great eats, just don't forget extra napkins and extra wet wipes!  It will get messy.  Which one of you city people eat BBQ with a knife and fork?  That's what the white bread is for!Another item I usually order when we eat at Road Kill Grill is a sandwich.  They load these suckers nicely so you get a nice portion of meat and sauce to bread.  Basically a meal in itself!  I enjoy the hot links sandwich in particular.  This with extra hot BBQ sauce on top, and a side of coleslaw?  Classic.  BBQ can be a very picky topic, so you will see tons of varying reviews on John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill.  This is because depending on what side of the country you are from, you have a different taste of what BBQ should be.  Some like tomato based, some like vinegar based, some like mustard based, and so forth and so forth.  Some folks like more smoke, some folks like less smoke, Hell, some folks like their BBQ baked in an oven instead.  But no matter what, we all like good food.  And I think Road Kill Grill overall has good food.Give them a try for yourself.  You might like, but then again you might NOT like.  Many reviews for this place are in the 3 or 4-star range, I tracked over to the 4-star area because I like it here.  In a place like Las Vegas it's difficult to find good 'Que that's not from a place like Famous Dave's or Memphis Championship BBQ.  Nuff' said.
5	Worth the drive, worth the wait, super delish!  My husband and I had been wanting to try this place for over two years since we relocated to Las Vegas from Southern California.  We never could think of a reason to go out of our way.  Boy oh boy was I wrong to not go sooner.  My best friend was in town visiting and she had mentioned trying something new for lunch.  We had some time on our hands so we drove up on Veterans Day.  You might get lost, it is in the middle of a horse zoned residential area.  There wasn't an item we didn't try, between what I got, my friend got and what we brought home for my husband.  We had chicken, brisket, hot link, ribs, rib tips, mac salad, potato salad, mac n cheese and beans.  My #1 side is the potato salad, don' t be fooled it is one of a kind.  The hot link was pretty much blow your mind.  Sauce or no sauce this is REAL BBQ.
4	Definitely a place to visit if you love BBQ meat. Brisket is soft  and moist, ribs are very juicy, it has a good seasoning and the meat falls off the bone, hot link is good and moist inside the spice is just enough to give you more appetite to eat last the pulled pork  i don't usually eat pork but man i was drooling for some more after my first bite
5	The BEST hot links EVER! If you love good BBQ, you have to stop at John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill just off the strip in Las Vegas. Casual outdoor seating under a patio with a gravel driveway - not much to look at but you feel like you are having BBQ at a friend's house. But wait - for me, it's all about the taste and this place kills it! Brisket, pulled pork, chicken - but no matter what - you must try the hot links in their homemade BBQ sauce. Don't forget to walk into the onsite butcher shop and pick up some rubs to bring that flavor home with you.
4	Great food. Even better prices and the staff is super friendly. Enjoyed sitting outside in the "backyard" on a beautiful day in Vegas.
4	As my quest continues I ventured to John Mull's. I had several co-workers tell me about the place and the reviews are positive. Sadly it is on the other side of town from me but I was on that side and the opportunity was there. When I got there the place was packed. I looked over the menu while I waited. The line moved really fast and when it was my turn to order I got the 3 meat combo. I got ribs, brisket and pulled pork. My sides were mac and cheese, potato salad and beans.  The meats were amazing, very tender and flavorful. The only thing I didn't like (for my taste) the ribs had a bit of a spicy kick to them. The brisket and pulled pork were fantastic. The mac and cheese was the best I've had in along time. The other sides had way to much vinegar flavor to my liking. I will definitely be back but only if I'm in the area.
4	My fiance and I were in Vegas for a few days and we really wanted to go here after seeing the restaurant features in a rerun on TV a few days before.It isn't as tricky to find as the reviews on here made us believe.  There are clearly marked signs of where to go, it's just kind of awkward to turn into someone's back yard to go eat lunch.Anyway, the staff was very nice.  We had a good conversation with them while they prepared the food.  This was probably my favorite service while we were in Vegas.As far as the food.  We got the 3 meat platter with sausage, brisket, and pulled pork.  For sides, we got mac n cheese and baked beans.  Sausage was as good as advertised, very tasty.  Pork was also terrific, little bit of spice and very enjoyable.  Brisket didn't tickle our fancy, but we aren't really brisket people.  Mac n cheese and baked beans were both very good.  The one platter was more than enough for us to share.  Seriously, the portions are huge.  Great value.The main reason that I gave this place 4 stars was that they didn't make their own sauce(s).  I saw them using big jugs of Sams club BBQ sauce on the ribs.  There's something to be said for how good this place is despite not even making its own sauce.  I know, it started off as a butcher shop, so the main emphasis of the place is on the meat, not the sauce.  But sauce is a big percentage of barbecue. Very good place to go.  If you've got a rental car and want to spend a little time off the strip, this is a really easy drive for some good food.  I definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	Ate here for the first time tonight, and all I can say is damn!I arrived and the line was seriously long, but moved fast.  These guys have ordering down.Ordered 3 item combo, and the amount of food that I received was monstrous.  I chose brisket, hot links, and pulled pork.  All three of them were fantastic! The brisket just melted upon hitting the tongue.  The hot links had a great taste with a kick of heat.  The pork was the perfect balance of smoke and sweet sauce.  And everything was just juicy, juicy, juicy!Sides ordered were mac n cheese and potato salad.  Both were served in heaping portions and were perfect all by themselves.Tonight was free beer night, and while I didn't imbibe I appreciated the gesture.All in all the very best BBQ I have had in my life.  Awesome job guys!  Will be back soon for more!
2	I heard about Road Kill on DD&D and since my favorite was Buzz's BBQ and they closed down.  I decided to try this BBQ. I got there on a Saturday afternoon about 3:30 and figured I could be out by 5 as I had an appointment at that time. I pulled in to the parking lot and saw a long line outside waiting for food. I decided since I had driving so far I might as well try it, so I waited in line for about 45 minutes and had to take the food with as I was running out of time. They were nice as they offered free beer on Saturdays and sampled the line once with food. The food was OK but not worth standing in line for, but would I go there again , no. .
3	The first visit is a little confusing - it appears you are pulling into a somebody's driveway and parking behind the house. There is plenty of parking however. Make sure the weather is good because all the seating is outdoors. Since this is Vegas, it hardly ever disappoints. My wife and I ordered the 3-meat plate with tri-tip, rib tips, and the pulled pork. The two complementary sides we ordered were the cole slaw and the much regarded mac-n-cheese. Let me start with the rib tips since that is the reason I came. If I could eat only these, I would be a happy man. The meat is tender, seasoned perfect, and cooked perfectly as well. The tri-tip (which is served only on Tuesdays and Thursdays) was thinly sliced, tender, juicy, and much better with the sauce. The pulled pork was a close second to the rib-tips. It was tender, juicy, not too much sauce, and incredible flavor.The mac-n-cheese is not your run of the mill pasta and powdered cheese sauce crap from a box. It is giant pasta, real cheese, meat, and pretty decent flavor. Not bad, but then again, I'm not a mac-n-cheese fan.Finally, the cole slaw. You can really tell whether a BBQ joint is serious by their cole slaw. Sadly, we found a long hair on the first bite and I just couldn't bring myself to try any of it.We ended with the peach cobbler which was outstanding.I really wish I could give this place a higher rating, I can still taste those rib-tips. Unfortunately the hairy cole slaw just can't be shrugged off. If I return, it will be for the rib tips, and not for any sides. But, they do have other meat selections that I would like to try. After all, this is a butcher shop and it appears they do know how to prepare meat.
5	This place is no joke. Fresh smoked brisket, pulled pork, tri tip (on Thursdays), chicken and hot links. Everything made in house. In house smoked bacon, and they process your kills. These guys are experts at their craft. Multiple smokers on site and their own kill room. Homemade spices and BBQ sauces. They even do cheeses. This place is tucked away and looks rather small, don't let that detour you. It is worth the trip!! You can also get raw meats on site or delivered to you..
5	Best BBQ I've ever had at the best price! Long wait but totally worth it! Great service from start to finish. Definitely a must when in Vegas!
5	Holy freaking tits this place is amazing!! I wish I could give it 10 stars and I'm not even exaggerating. My boyfriend took me here and oh my god their food was insanely good! Like bring me a straight jacket with my meal cuz I'm crazy about their food. We went on a tues, it was tri tip day and i really can't say oh my god enough. It was so flavorful and the pulled pork was perfect. I honestly can say this place ruined every other place that serves meat for me because it will never be as good as the road kill grill. You also get two sides with your meal, I opted for the green beans with pork and a potato ball in the middle (bomb as shizz) and the Mac n cheese (supa cheesy). I am not a crazy big foodie but I know good food when I eat it and this place is on point, the cats meow and every other snappy way to say EAT HERE ITS AMAZING . The people that work here are also really nice have good customer service and they talked to us about football which was really cool. You can also get meat(goat, deer, cow, rabbit) here, eggs, cheese and probably a bunch of other amazing things that I haven't even scratched the surface of. Ohhhhh they also do jerky and as a very big fan of jerky that right there just makes me fall in love with them even more. Me and my boyfriend could not stop eating even though we were full to the brim. If you find yourself on that side of town (which I never do anymore) you have to try this place it's everything every place that sells meat wishes they were. And the prices are so reasonable $14 for two meats two sides and a roll and they do not skimp on their portions not by a long shot. I have fallen hard and madly in love with this place it's like if angels were in the meat business :) it's truly that good. 10/10 cuz 5/5 is just insulting.
5	Best non-Southern BBQ I've had, thinking of it makes my molars sweat.
5	Pulled in and was a little confused. Walked up and was still a little confused then I saw the sign for where to order. Food was amazing! I tried the pulled pork, Mac & cheese and BBQ beans. The pulled pork was delicious, best I've ever had. I wasn't too impressed with the BBQ beans. They have very reasonable prices and I will definitely be coming back
4	We ate here and enjoyed the food. I had the 3 meat combo consisting of hotlinks, rib tips and pulled pork. Loved the hotlinks and pulled pork. The rib tips were dry and over cooked though.  I wish they will add garlic flavor to their rub. The one that I like the most is their siding. I do t like beans but their baked beans are to die for. Loved the Mac n cheese too. For pet lovers, It's pet friendly as well.
5	Best BBQ in Vegas hands down. After you come here once no need to go anywhere else. It's all good Mac and cheese brisket everything.
5	I went to the Road Kill Grill a couple weeks ago with my grandson Christian. I had seen it on Drive Ins, Diners and Dives. It was as advertised, terrific. The ribs were out of this world. He had pulled pork and chicken. I had a combo which included brisket. Just tasty as all heck. The price is very reasonable as you don't pay for atmosphere, just great food. You eat at outdoor picnic tables and the patrons clean up after themselves. It seemed like customers were courteous about doing that. We went on a Saturday, and they offered free ice cold beer in a barrel. Can't beat that! Seemed like most of the customers I chatted with were from out of town. Hard to believe us locals have overlooked this place.
2	I just didn't have the same experience that other people did.I ordered the link, the brisket, and the ribs.  All three were dry.  I'm enclosing a picture.  I saw DDD and Guy holds up one of the links to the camera to show the juices coming out but mine was nothing like that.  Most reviews say the food is moist so I'm guessing that I got a bad batch.  A couple of less than average reviews say the meat was dry so maybe I was one of the unlucky ones.One thing I noticed right off the bat was that the food is kept in warming bins, which was surprising.  When the server took off the lid to the links they just didn't look very appetizing.  I noticed from other reviews is that a lot of other people ordered items that had sauce in it, like the pulled pork or the cut links.  Maybe if you get 3 items that have no sauce there's nothing there to give it moisture.The mac & cheese was good; I don't usually like since it never really lives up to the promise, but this serving did.  Very good overall.The staff were friendly.  I arrived at 11:30 and avoided most of the rush.  I was the 2nd person in line when I ordered, but when I got outside the line was out the door.  I arrived earlier to try to get more "fresh" product but that's just not what I got.
5	American BBQ at it's best!!!Imagine your heading over to your friends ranch for BBQ in a southern state and everyone is invited..Well if that's up your alley this is the place for you. This isn't a fancy place from the strip. You line up, pay, grab your grub and go sit down and enjoy..I ordered the 3 piece meat combo Ribs, chicken and pulled pork with Mac and cheese and bake beans. I'd be pretty close to saying this has some of the best BBQ in Nevada. The business has been on a few tv shows on Food network. People in front of us were from Nebraska and the people for behind in line were from  Arkansas. So people travel from all over to visit. Didn't get to try the peach cobbler but I'll be heading back soon
3	It's standard BBQ.  The pulled pork and the mac and cheese are the highlights, along with an excellent sauce (the spicy is just right). But, beware of dryness! Both the ribs and the brisket were unacceptably dry, sure the sauce helped some, but not much. It may be because the brisket is so thinly sliced, but it made me drink a lot more water than I'd like. Its fine if you live close, but don't make a special trip. If you work down by the strip like me, Rollin Smoke is a better, closer option.
5	Would you look at that?  If you drive to the Northwest and take a few lefthand turns, you end up in a stockyard in Kentucky!  Almost.  From the minute you get out of your car and see the line wrapping around the shed, you know you are in for a unique experience.  Get in line on the left for an awesome lunch or turn to the right to go into the deli and order fresh meat.  We chose lunch.  John Mull's is good.  Really good.  I can't go so far as to say it's better than Rollin Smoke, but I will say they are totally different animals, offering totally different experiences.  There's just something about ordering at a food cart and eating outside that adds magic to BBQ.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and stole a rib from my boyfriend.  The ribs!  So tender.  And the potato salad and mac n cheese were both incredibly good sides.  Apparently, they are only open til 6 p.m. so go early and go hungry.  Portions are huge!
5	I'm a big fan of barbecue and was referred to this place by a coworker for the next time I was in Vegas.  My wife and I stopped by and were not disappointed.  Fantastic smoked meats, sides loaded with flavor, and loaded portions.  My wife and I split a 3 meat plate (comes with two sides) and were stuffed before we could finish everything.  You can get different combinations (1 meat and some sides) for 8-12 bucks, two meat plates are 12-14 I believe, and our three meat plate was 16.  If you're getting individual entrees, expect to pay 20-30 dollars.  My wife and I got by on 16 and were stuffed.  They have drinks and waters for $1 as well.Depending on when you go, there may be one or two lines.  We had a line outside and a line inside the Saturday we stopped by.  Both lines get you the same grub, so be sure to pick whatever's shorter.  They have brisket, pulled pork, ribs, chicken, and hot links.  If you like some heat, the hot links are to die for.  Get them cut up and covered in sauce.  They have amazing sides as well.  We got the mac and cheese and the baked beans.  Mac and cheese was phenomenal.  Baked beans were good, but impossible to top the mac and cheese.  I've heard the desserts are pretty good too, but we were too full to try them out.If you're in Vegas, check this place out.  A little drive from the strip (about half an hour with traffic) but it is more than worth it.
5	This place is a must eat! I didn't expect a place like this to be in Vegas, I felt like I was on a small town ranch. The meat was perfectly smoked and tender and full of flavor! The portions are huge and inexpensive.
4	A coworker and I were in town for a convention.  We stopped by Jon Mulls because I am a huge Triple D fan. Let me tell ya, I'm glad I did!Portions are HUGE and the food is great.  Smokey pulled pork slathered in the hot sauce and sliced hot links were paired w baked beans and an incredible mac n cheese.  If you're in Vegas...just take the 20-25 minute drive from the strip and you'll be happy you did-
3	Finally checking this bookmark off the list! I was surprised to see a line waiting to get IN the building...and then of course a line waiting/paying for the food.  Everything is precooked, and sitting in trays waiting for order/delivery.We finally made it through the wait (20-30min), and was pleasantly surprised to feel the WEIGHT in our food box!  Had to be a couple pounds of food here!Eva and I shared the 3 Meat / 2 sides Combo ($16): BBQ Ribs, Brisket, Pulled Pork, Mac N Cheese & Potato Salad.  We weren't able to finish barely HALF of the food!Ribs were excellent! Tender and full of smokey flavor, but ate them dry since we weren't given any BBQ sauce.  MAKE SURE YOU ASK FOR BBQ SAUCE!!!The Brisket was served wet...just not very tender and missing the smoke flavor I love elsewhere in town. The pulled pork was ok but not mentionable. However, they EXCELLED in sides! One of the BEST Mac N Cheese versions I've had, with lots of melted cheese and charred bits from the burner! I'd come here again for the ribs and mac personally!Finished off with the Peach Cobbler...just ok. Kinda soupy/goey without any crust.  Pass! Be prepared to WAIT!  But the Ribs and Mac will be WORTH the wait...just not the other stuff IMO.
4	This place was awesome and gives plenty of food. I went there for lunch and now eating more for dinner now.
5	Great Barbeque and UHH--MAAAYYY---ZING Macaroni and cheese! You definitely have to get here early to avoid the mass amount of people waiting in line. We got there and waited in line for about 30-40 minutes and when we got to the counter, the service was great. You can go NOT hungry and you will still order food! I have gone a few times and my favorite meats are the pulled pork and ribs.. but everything is delicious! The dry-rub, slow smoked ribs just melt in your mouth and take you to a happy place! It is kind of pricey, but you have have enough leftovers to make another meal or two out of it!
5	Amazing BBQ, had the ribs, hot links and the pulled pork, you can't beat a butcher shop with a BBQ pit next to it, the sauce was awesome, the meat was smoky and the rub made it over the top amazing.
5	Finally got john's. everything you have heard is true.Best tri tip, brisket, and sausage I think I have ever had. notice I did not say ribs of pulled pork because I didn t get any. next time.it is what it is, a meat shop that serves lunch. most tender, flavorful meat ever. Better I say, better than tex by far and Memphis by long shot.like meat butter. have to eat outside in the yard of a neighborhood house. Crazy stuff. good place for a ride too lunch. BYOB....Mac n cheese was great also along with meaty baked beans--killer!was $17 for 3 meat combo and I hadn't eaten yet and could only scarf down bout half....just couldn't stop eaten....so good. sucks hrs are 1100-1800 for cooked food. other than that they every conceivable meat product for sale from pigs ass to rabbits foot. meats are a little on the high side but custom butchers are. great catering prices. I will use them for event soon.deserve 6 of 5 stars. Thanks John.
5	Awesome. Great sausage (the sliced ones in the BBQ sauce), brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. Friendly staff! The hot BBQ sauce is definitely the best and isn't too hot at all. Casual. Sit outside on picnic tables which on a day like today was prime - minus some bees flyin around :0
3	We went here seeing that is was the best BBQ in Las Vegas according to Yelp.We ordered brisket, ribs, seasoned green beans, BBQ beans, mac n cheese, coleslaw and peach cobbler. If you buy a drink, it's served in a can.The brisket was tender and juicy, but did not have a smoke ring, and was served sopping in its jus. It was cut with the grain instead of against the grain. The ribs were great, cooked just about perfectly. I wasn't a fan of their mild sauce, but that's just personal preference, when I got some sweet sauce on the leftovers, it was better than the first round. We also had a sample of hot links - excellent!The sides were great! Seasoned green beans, cooked perfectly, seasoned perfectly, the best I've had! The BBQ beans were sweet and some of the best I've had. The mac n cheese had an edge on it and was hands down the best I've had! My husband said the coleslaw was good, but not the best.We shared peach cobbler, and I found it a little heavy on the spices and the crust had almost completely degraded. Stodgy.The cans of beverages - come on! Everyone knows BBQ needs big sips! BYOB! I found myself stealing sips from my son after mine was out.It was perfect weather to dine al fresco, lots of bees though.Overall it is good BBQ for the price. I think Lucille's is better, but it's also more expensive, so... But wth do I know about BBQ? I'm a CA girl.
5	Very tasty meat and the sides where amazing. I had the baked beans and the Mac and cheese. I got there right when they opened so there wasn't a line. I got it to go. Even cold it was perfect. Only bad thing and it was my fault was I didn't ask for more BBQ sauce. I will for sure go back
5	Some of the BEST BBQ I've had since living in Oakland, CA!! Soo much food! Love the Mac n Cheese--it's the real deal! You won't be sorry if you take a little drive to this little gem!
5	I've had bbq from all over and this is easily in my top 5.  If you're an aspiring pitmaster then you've got to check their sides.  Fogettaboutit I had to rethink my mac and cheese and baked beans after trying theirs.I can't wait until June for my annual Vegas vacation to get back to John's on Saturday night with my Dad.  I think my Dad's take on it summed it up quite well on the drive back to the Strip.  It's a few miles off the Strip and...just GPS it, it's well worth it.  I asked Dad, "was it worth the trek from the Strip?"  His reply... "Hmmm...I suppose."  Lol.  That's my Dad's way of saying "HELL YES!!!  I haven't had barbeque that good since I was a kid when my pop and uncles used to bbq."I think I'll get two 3 meat plates to have leftovers all weekend.  Loves me some goooooooooood BBQ!!!
5	Don't get scared of the line! It's so worth it! The hot links are fantastic, and the green beans are done so well even a veggie hater will eat them.
5	Beat bbq in las Vegas by far. Iv been in las Vegas for 13 years and tryed every bbq place in Vegas big. Small, cheap and expensive. I go there every weekend. Great price for the amount of food. There hot links ans brisket are the best.
5	This is the 4th time we've been here. Since we're from San Diego, we only get to come a few times a year. This is absolutely the best barbecue we have ever had. The only hard thing is having to eat outside during the summer weather in vegas, but it is so worth it. Love the food the service is very friendly. Recommend it.
5	If you had one last meal to eat before you you died, this would have to be the place! Driving up it doesn't look like the greatest food ever is inside... But it is! Fresh smoked meat and some huge portion sizes! I know BBQ and this definitely is the real deal!
2	Finally got around to trying this place after hearing my collegue talking about it. I heard they were pretty popular cause they were featured on a food network show, so it means they have to be good right?Well after waiting in line for about 30-40 minutes to place my order I didn't know what to get so I ordered 1 of every meat. I have to say they offered a pretty big selection of bbq meats, pulled chicken, pulled pork, rib tips, pork ribs, brisket, and hot links. Unfortunately none of it really stood out. I might be crazy but while waiting in line, people who received their food were yelling about how good this was and I dont know what they are talking about. I guess I'm spoiled to have had Franklin's in Austin, Tx multiple times, but this doesn't even come close and not worth the 40 minute wait. BBQ meats aside, this place makes, hands down, the best Mac and Cheese I've ever had. I don't know what they do but it was sent from the gods. I'll probably go back for the Mac and Cheese, but for BBQ there's only 1 place in Vegas that reigns supreme.
4	A buddy of mine decided to choose where to eat. Usually I'm a little hesitant but said hey why not try something different. He took us out in our rental car like 30 minutes out of the Strip. We were in the middle of nowhere. I initially thought we were completely lost. Rolls up in a residential area and to my disbelief we arrived to farm of some sort. Parked and saw over 40 people in line! A hole in the rough! I love how this place is tucked away from the unappreciative eaters. People who travel THIS far for BBQ means that it has to be legit. Shared the 3 item combo. Ribs. Brisket. and Rib Tips. side of Mac N Cheese and the baked beans. The dry rub on the ribs are bonkers. I haven't had decent dry rub on the west coast in a long while. Memphis is the KING to dry rub. The brisket was moist and the hot/bbq sauce is definitely memorable. Sides were gorgeous paired well. Best part that plate cost $19 to share for 2 people and we couldn't even finish it. Remember, there are JEWELS in Vegas you just gotta find em. Don't let a billboard dictate your tastebuds ... buds.
4	I've eaten at John Mull's  twice recently (4-1-2014).  The ribs, tri-tips, sausage were excellent.  The Mac N  Cheese was very good and potato salad was good.  The portions filled the Styrofoam container.  The only complaint I have is the way this place is set up to serve the customer.  It is small, always crowded and takes more time than it should to get your food and pay, then either use  the back door to leave or weave through the crowd  back out the front door.  With all the money they seem to make, you'd think they would come up with a better system to make it easier to get your food and pay without the hassle.   There are tables set up outside to eat your order if you wish, but beware of windy days.  Prepare to wait and be a little confused  when you try this place but the food is good and it is what it is.
5	Excellent food! We came from Utah on vacation and saw it had been on triple D. And decided to try it! We were not disappointed! Good variety of meat and yummy Mac and cheese! A definite must if your visiting vegas and want to get away from the strip.
5	You will NOT leave this place hungry!  I'm a Food Network fan, so I had to check this place out when I saw it featured one evening on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.  Don't let the location frighten you, as your GPS will guide you into a combination residential/commercial/farming/ranching part of Las Vegas not far from the strip.  My wife and I, along with our two teenagers were blown away by the quantity AND quality of the food!  Everything is homemade here.  The mac n' cheese is unbelievably delicious! Not-to-mention the brisket, ribs, chicken, pulled pork, green beans, baked beans, macaroni salad...and cobbler for dessert.  They make their own BBQ sauce used for dipping (both regular and hot).  We tried it all, and will definitely be back!  The eating area is all outside on picnic tables.  The owner made his way around the tables to greet everyone.  We went during a week night (he mentioned Fridays and Saturdays are the most crowded).  This place is an outstanding value for BBQ.  It will definitely be our first eating stop when we return to Vegas!
5	Get the 3 meat combo with real mac n chesse.  Great potato salad and beans. Get plenty of meat (taking extra home).  In residential neighborhood on an open lot.  Done outside under cover.This is something to check out if you ate in North Las Vegas.
5	I read about John Mull's some time ago in the LV Weekly, but somehow I got sidetracked, abducted by aliens and taken to Area 51, or maybe fell into a wormhole or something.  How did I miss this gem right in my own back yard? This place is simply amazing! As you pull into this wonderland of meat it feels like you are a guest of J.R. Ewing's in South Fork or something. (Not that I have been there...but I did watch the show) You get out of your car and you're walking on gravel....classic!! The wonderful aroma of pulled pork, ribs, and brisket immediately fills your nostrils and makes a bee line to your head massaging your medulla oblongata ( Not that I'm a neurologist....but I did watch Quincy back in 1983) I know ...Quincy was an ME, but now you're getting sidetracked. Back to the road kill. I ordered the 3 meat combo with brisket, ribs, and a hot link. My sides were mac n cheese and slaw. It's unlawful to not get some peach cobbler as well. Let's start with the slaw. It was incredible. It had a creamy consistency with excellent flavor. I'm finding out a lot people don't like slaw...I feel sorry for you folks. The ribs were good, could've been just a little more tender to reach that " fall off the bone status" you always hear about. Mac n cheese was ridiculous. Brisket-ridiculous. Hot link-ridiculous. Cobbler -double ridiculous. BTW ..ridiculous means Great! Don't leave John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill without trying the peach cobbler.. you may be arrested... because it would be a crime. I loved the open air-in somebody's backyard feel to the place. It's very comfortable. I couldn't dream this place any better. Shout out to my cousin Big Mike for telling me how good this place was. I'm adding The Road Kill Grill to my list. I think I can hang out here.
5	Off the charts.  Delicious.  How can a boiled rib taste so good!   Huge portions.  Really nice staff.  Thoroughly impressed.   A must eat local.
5	Well, we came here for lunch on a Tuesday. As we pulled into the gravel parking lot it brought me back to the time I went to the Salt Lick in Texas. If you get lpst, just follow your nose. You can smell the delicious meats smoking. We had my friend's dad order for us. They have been coming here before they were a restaurant. I trusted his judgment. He ended up just ordering three 3 meat combos that we shared family style at one of their picnic tables. He ordered brisket,  hot links, and ribs. I tend to stick to my favorite kind of BBQ which was the brisket.  I also tried the hot links which I will also get the next time we go there. The sides we had were the mac & cheese, baked beans, cole slaw, and the macaroni salad. First of all, the brisket was so tasty and tender. The hot links weren't too spicy. I like the snap it had when I bit it. I preferred the spicy BBQ sauce instead of their original. It isn't too spicy, but it does give you a little kick heat which went well with the food. I guess I'm a creature of habit and only tried the mac & cheese and bread. Both of which I devoured. I put the brisket and hot link in the bread and made a little sandwich of BBQ heaven.  I don't regret that I didn't try the other sides because I was completely content with what I ate. I will definitely be back. It was well worth the drive over to the other side of town from where I live. Okay, well I do have one regret. I didn't take any pictures of the food because I was so hungry. Haha
5	All I can say is delicious bbq!!! The ribs we're fall off the bone tender and the Mac and cheese was the best I ever had. My boyfriend was in heaven he said. We really enjoyed this place. Not to mention the owner was right there working cutting meats saying hello people!!  We will be going back again!
5	I just love the food at this place.  It bar far hands down the best bar b que i have had. Everything made fresh, and so juicy and tender.... mmmmmm
5	Mac and cheese, Mac and cheese, Mac and cheese, Mac and cheese, Mac and cheese.This place is deeeeeeeliiiiiiisssssshhhhhh.  We come here everytime we go to Vegas.  It's about a 15 minute drive off the strip but it's worth it.  Homecooked BBQ - brisket, pulled pork, rib, tri-tip....  MMMMMMMMMMM.  I usually get the 2 meat plate with either ribs or rib tips and pulled chicken.  This comes with 2 sides, but I usually make both of my sides mac and cheese.  Why?  Because it's momma slappin' delicious!  If you want something different that the normal fare while on the strip in Vegas, then head here!
2	Ok don't all attack me at once... I'm not a big fan. I spent years in the south with some great bbq so I have yet to find good bbq outside of the south I truly love. So that's my comparison for stars....The ribs were good but not as flavorful and fall off the bone as should be. The pulled chicken didn't have balance of flavor and the Mac and cheese was too runny. The little one didn't want anything to do with it. I tasted the cobbler but this is not good cobbler as barely had flavor, and cobbler probably is one of my fave desserts! The line wasn't bad but we had big group so rather than everyone specializing on a meat to make really well, each group had a chef and our order took a really long time. Not good when have kids waiting! Not a big fan of tables in parking lot with dirt kicking up in my face from the wind either.Sorry just will wait to go back down south! I might try the butcher though as an alternative.... Seemed to have an extensive selection...
2	I understand here are different styles of bbq but I feel you should judge good bbq on the brisket this wasnt even close to the best u can get in texas, the brisket wasnt cut to order asked for fatty didnt get it. The brisket was pre sliced and kept warm and moist in some very tasty juices from the meat perhaps. The sauce was good they had two kinds mild and spicy, the mild tasted brown sugerish. The potato salad was bland the beans were spicey. Id recomend the sauasage and mac and cheese thats about all i could say wad decent. The location is odd kind of in a neighborhood and no inside seating, you order inside and carry it outside to eat there at the picnic tables or Togo.
5	How come I lived here for almost 2 decades and nobody told me there was a great BBQ place right up the street?  Ribs were great.  I loved the potato salad and baked beans.  The pulled pork was also really good.  No frills.  No bathroom for example, but if you don't mind sitting outside on comfortable, clean picnic tables no problem.  Seriously this is the most hidden BBQ joint in town.  If somebody doesn't tell you how to get there, forget it.  Of course with smart phones and the address above that's not problem.  Prices are about average for real barbecue meats and quite good for the generous sides.
5	Wonderful stop!!! Owner kind enough to pose for a pic and staff incredibly nice!!! Food was incredible!!
5	My wife and I visited this place after watching Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.....As a native of Las Vegas, I cannot believe that I have missed this true hidden gem! I have had lots of BBQ from Texas to Memphis and hands down this is the best BBQ in Las Vegas....I'd honestly compare this to true Memphis BBQ (Not the Memphis Championship BBQ here in town - which is crap), if they competed in Memphis in May, they would give some of the other BBQ guys a run for their money - including some of the restaurants like the BBQ shop and The Commissary !! The meat is well prepared and has a true smoke flavor and the portion sizes are generous. The BBQ sauce has a bold flavor and the sides are just to die for!Myself, I had the 5 rib platter with two sides - the ribs were so tender that they easily fell off the bone! I did double baked beans for my sides and were just off the hook! The flavor had a kick to it - not too hot nor spicy. My wife had the rib/pulled pork combo. I ended up trying her pulled pork and it was just right! Not too tuff nor chewy - it honestly melted in your mouth! She did the baked beans as well as potato salad along with the Apple Cobbler....needless to say it was also as good as everything else!I am not 100% sure where the one recent reviewer who rated this placed two stars is from but I have to strongly disagree with her review. I have spent time in Texas, Georgia, Florida, North Carolina and Tennessee...with my wife being from Memphis, we are also frequently visiting some of the BBQ joints. As for the meat market - I will review it later, we did pick up some ground beef to make burgers. I am looking forward to visiting this place again soon!
5	Omg... Barbecue to die for.. I have eaten in the best barbecue joints in the country and the road kill rule is right up there with the best of the best.. I had the pulled pork and it was really good.the staff is friendly and when I first came thru the door one of the employees gave me a sample of the homemade sausage.... It was delicious.... I will return!!!!!
4	Just ate the best tasting brisket I have ever had. The helping was huge and the sides were nice and tasty. When it says picnic style, they mean it, as you sit at picnic tables on a dirt floor under a make-shift canopy. Normally, this lack of amenities would lose a star on my rating scale, but in this case I think it just added to the experience. When we starting taking a pic (since we only knew about it from a feature on it on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives), the owner came over and asked us if we wanted to take pic under the one of Guy - the owner was a nice guy himself. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars was because the line was a bit slow moving and we would have loved to be able to get a refill on the beverage - or at least a shorter line to buy another, but we will definitely be back!
5	Best Barbecue ever! It threw me off being in the middle of a neighborhood, but that's what makes it awesome.
4	WOW!  What a fun find in the middle of a neighborhood!Go early on the weekends if you want to have lunch... get there by Noon otherwise there's a HUGE line for the grill.Lots of yummy choices on the grill.... sandwiches and plates...Here's the link to their menu (picnic style): http://johnmullsmeats.com/image/data/pdfs/John%20Mull's%20Road%20Kill%20Grill%20Menu%2008-15-12.pdfPlan on outdoor eating... they have some tables under shade... some are not.  So, it's wise to wear a hat, sunglasses and sunscreen.  Their area is gravel/dirt so dress appropriately.They have 2 parking areas on either side of their grill area.The Meat Market/Butcher Shop is AWESOME!  You can get all kinds of different meats and cuts.  You can specify the thickness of the cuts you order too.  And if you order over $50 ... you get a FREE flat of farm fresh eggs.  (Did you know a flat of eggs is 24?!)  We didn't realize we were getting this and we were unprepared for it.  Oh well... got home safe with all eggs in tact. For lunch I ordered the Brisket Sandwich.... it's brisket on a roll.  I should re-phrase..... LOTS of brisket on a roll.  I took 1/2 home.  The meat is super moist and tender and flavorful.  Not salty tasting.  I also got a side of mac salad.  It's pretty good.  It was made with the little round macaroni pasta noodles.... not the elbow ones.... it was a little mayo-y and sweet for me.  I prefer the kind that has some mustard flavor to it.  But still this one was solid not store bought.The husband got the 2 plate meat... it came with 2 sides... he got brisket and hot links with cole slaw and potato salad.  The cole slaw was a bit runny and I didn't care for it.  I like cole slaw that is crisp and crunchy and I think because they have to pre-make so much of it that it sits in the dressing too long.  The potato salad was Really Good..... Get the Potato Salad.  :)  The Hot Links had a bit of "hotness" to it but not super spicy/hot.... they had good texture and great flavor.  I think these would make a Great Hot Dog.  :) We will totally be back.  :)Note: closed on Sundays
5	After hearing so much about the bbq here I finally had to check it out for myself. I was not disappointed. I had the ribs, tri tips, and hot links. Also shared bites of the pulled pork, pulled chicken, and brisket. All absolutely delicious!! The guy inside taking orders was very friendly and helpful ... being first timers and all. Make sure you grab a side of their spicy bbq sauce for dipping when you pay. Plus, they let you bring your own drinks! And he said "ANY" type of drink. Hint hint. I will surely be exposing friends and family to roadkill grill. It's that good. Oh!!!! The baked beans!! I dont even really care for beans, the beans here were incredible. I am now a loyal customer. The only question I have now is why did it take me so long to go here?! 5 stars.
5	REALLY GREAT!!!! Everything was awesome. The only issue I have is that there is a long wait to get food, but that should tell you something.
5	Excellent BBQ!! The sauce was just the amount of spice and the BBQ was tender and perfectly grilled. A little out of the way in North Las Vegas, but worth the drive.
5	This place was really good it was a long line today memorial weekend they was giving out free hamburgers and free hotdogs why you wait in line!! But I like the place it's on a form house one side is a house and one side is a barbecue place not bad!! Just go a little early the line is really long and you have to wait outside and you know how Vegas is hot hot hot is no inside you eat outside or you could take it home.. So let's talk about the food the food was really good I got the two meat combo hotlinks and chicken and two sides potato salad and I had yams and those was really good it comes with a cornbread or a slice of white bread!! I like the idea of this place you could make money and don't even have to leave your house.. So I had to try it out because someone told me about this place so I am a Yelp girl so I have to give my honest opinion!!
4	Awesome!!!I will start with the big negative part of my review: LONG ASS WAIT TIME ! only reason 4 and not 5 stars-that is all for the negative.Positives:Mac N Cheese is the best in our solar system. If that is all you get from there you will be pleased.They offer briskett, pork, chicken-pulled/quarters, links. There cold sides are sort of commercial- nothing special though. The cobbler is BOMB as well.You can call in your order but it still takes a bit to get it. The employees are the same for the past 2 years I have been going there which tells me he treats his folks RIGHT!
5	All the reviews for this place are for the hot food.  Which is fine.What you need to know is that the meat counter serves up some of the highest quality meat you'll find.  We will not leave LV without getting a couple of pounds of the house smoked bacon, and some bones for the dog.The beef is great too.  We had some Ranchera style meat that grilled like a dream.Get some BBQ, but don't miss the goods on the other side.
2	Located in the backyard of a residential neighborhood. Wait gets long - get there early or try another day. Not mind blowing barbecue just nice family style place.
3	As someone from the south, the Las Vegas BBQ scene has always been a source of disappointment. Most BBQ places are comically bad, both in terms of the meat itself and oftentimes more so in terms of the sides. So I went to the Road Kill Grill with pretty low expectations. My expectations were greatly exceeded- the food here is definitely passable and I think this place more than earns its "best vegas BBQ" reputation. Before I get to the pros let me explain quickly why I took off two stars:1. Only outdoor seating. In Vegas. Let me tell you something about the average BBQ eater- they are fat people. When its 100 degrees outside they go into hibernation like a grizzly bear. They don't want to sit outside when eating their BBQ.2. The service was pretty slow. There were only 3 people in front of me when I got in line and getting the food still took about 25 minutes. I don't mind a wait, especially when the food is good, but this delay was clearly due to under staffing/inexperience as all the food was ready it just needed to be dished out more efficiently. The design of their service line leaves much to be desired- a little rearranging so that more than 1 person could get involved and this problem would be instantly solved/service would speed up 10x. The foodI got a 3 meat plate. The highlight was definitely the sausage in BBQ sauce which was very flavorful. The ribs were definitely a little on the dry side but still quite good for Vegas. The brisket sits in a vat of liquid so it was moist but a little tough/needed to be slow cooked longer. The mac and cheese was very decent but the baked beans were way to vinegary for my taste.I will definitely be going back, although maybe in winter, and checking out the butcher products as well.
4	The bbq was good but I've had better & the guy who served it up inside store was not friendly & very annoyed even though i came in knowing what I wanted.The hot link sausage was the reason for my trip & is super good. I bought a bag to take home. I will be making the trip out when I visit vegas for the sausage since its too expensive to ship to CA.The store was 15 miles from our hotel but took an hour roundtrip from traffic on freeway but worth the trip. It's in a residential area which was strange but whatever.
4	This was our first time here.  We got in before the rush and were lucky enough to sit under the cover.  The brisket, pulled pork and hot link were incredibly good in addition to the mac n cheese and baked beans!  Great place to try and we will definitely go back as the meat was so tender, juicy and good that we did not need BBQ sauce!  The only down side is when it is super hot out, it would be nice to sit indoors some where and not have to shoo flies.  The service line is slow so plan to be there for a while, but the food is DEFINITELY worth the wait.  HUGE portions and excellent quality! Finally a good BBQ place in Vegas!!  A Must Try!
4	A 9+ only because I prefer the bark on slow smoked ribs ( I make my own ) every thing else was exellent. A long wait that could be a simple fix. Use both sides of the service stand. There is no reason to wait for food that is already prepared. Realy there is no excuse!
4	Saw this on diners drive in and dives and the very next day I was standing in line in 100 degree heat to try some BBQ. Be prepared to sweat a bit even though they offer free lemonade while you wait! The "restaurant" is more like an outdoor BBQ. You order and pay and they pull your order from the grill and call your name.  It's pretty simple really. You can buy Tshirts if you wish, Or order cuts of meat from inside. It's a small room and kind of dungeon like but a lot of people were ordering so it must be good as well. The butcher is right there for you to watch. We shared a 3 meat combo...ribs which were super tender, brisket that melted in my mouth with flavor and the hot link. Man oh man the hot link...I loved it. Perfectly cooked with a kick that keeps you wanting more. We had Mac n cheese and potato salad for sides. Both were fresh and very good. The Mac was so cheesy! It's located in a neighborhood and it's close to is so we will be returning when we get that BBQ craving. It's a must if you are visiting!!!
2	I think John Mull's owes the Diner's drive-ins and dives show about 25% of their profits. If you are looking for the quick review on this place. SKIP IT. Not a good destination bbq joint. Hopefully I just saved you cab money from the strip. If you know what good bbq is then you will find out quickly that the only bbq that I had that is worth ordering was the ribs. Here we go. Let's start off by saying I know great bbq and you can't find it here. Just check out the bottom of this review and you will find over 25 bbq reviews. I also know good bbq and you can barely find that here. Lets go down the order. Brisket - Sitting in a broth pre sliced. This is criminal. They should not be allowed to serve brisket. Save it for someone who knows how to treat it. I got a sample in line and was glad I did. This was the 1st time in a long time I didn't order brisket at a bbq joint. STAY AWAYRibs - This was they highlight of the meal, but still nothing to brag about. If I had to go back this is the only thing I would eat again as they were good ribs. Pulled from the bone just right, but hardly any smoky flavor and the smoke ring was not very pronounced. Pulled pork - The pulled pork was better than most. Really should have been bbq pulled pork as is had a lot of their sauce in it. It was good and maybe worth a try. Hot Link - Not very hot and it was okay. Nothing to brag about or drag down. Sides - Mac and Cheese - stay away not any good looks can be deceiving here. Baked beans - I enjoyed these but the were almost more like chili. Dessert Peach Cobbler - Almost the highlight of the whole meal as it was tasty. Though not the best I have had it was enough to make me forget for a moment about the wool that had just been pulled over my eyes. THIS IS NOT GOOD BBQ - IT IS OVERHYPED DO TO Guy FierriNot sure how so many give this place 4 stars or more. Stating think most people have never had great bbq or maybe the standards are a bit lower than mine.
5	The best bar b q ive had in my 38 years on earth,that didnt come from a loved ones grill!Straight up u get what u see& no frills fantastic meats. Links, ribs, brisket. I loved the sides, potatoe salad, beans!In residential area but worth the drive & lack of atmosphere is not a thought while while sitting outside in the crazy heat & sweat dripping is still all good while getting your grubon...u can call ahead!
4	Been looking for good BBQ here in the Vegas area. Tried this place last week and wow, I am a fan. One star off due to sitting outside with 100+ temps. It's worth the 25 min. drive from Henderson. Not knowing the HUGE portions I ordered a 3 meat combo. Two sides come with it. I got the brisket, ribs, and pulled pork. Sides were mac n cheese and green beans. Ribs pulled off the bone, needed the bbq sauce provided at no charge. Pulled Pork was tasty, and the brisket seemed to be stored in a broth. odd.....I did love the mac n cheese, and the green beans seem to be out of a can? Served with a potato chunk. Got the apple cobbler and will try the peach cobbler next time. YES there will be a next time. Will go on a tues or thurs so I can get the tri-tips.
5	WOW!  This place is great.  The portions are large and everything is delicious.  They have the best baked beans I've ever eaten.  The hot links are fantastic & the brisket is very tender.  I will definitely be coming back!
2	Mediocre food from the rudest group of employees I've ever seen. We walked inside and were rudely told to go wait outside while the woman took the order of the group who came in AFTER us. There was another group waiting outside with us. They were just as confused as we were. After standing outside waiting for about 10 minutes with no sign of the order taker, my husband went in to see if they were ready for us, she yelled at him to get back outside. Again, no one ever came to take our order or invite us in after the line died down. We finally just went in anyway and she eventually took our order. After finally placing our order slooooowly getting to the cashier, the employees started yelling at each other because too many customers were coming in from outside. The lady behind us nicely tried to explain our confusion and offer help to get people to wait outside like (apparently) they're supposed to. The cashier started SCREAMING at the poor lady! We had just paid or I would have walked out. We had planned on putting in a meat market order but couldn't wait to get the hell outta there!Got home and they forgot one of our sides. Food was ok but not worth the hassle at all. There are much better BBQ joints with nice employees to help you.
4	The restaurant is a small kitchen and butcher shop, with outdoor picnic tables, but the taste is outstanding - ordered hot links and briscuit, beans and baked beans, and hot BBQ sauce.  The highlight was the hot link - a juicy spicy polish sausage like you'd find in Buffalo's Polishtown - with a kick.  It was a hot windy day and our stuff kept blowing all over - the shop is nestled in a semi urban neighborhood - strange location - but all in all - delicious.
5	Whoever wrote the 1 and 2 star reviews on this place are complete morons... I dare anyone in Las Vegas to name a better tasting BBQ place than john mulls... The whole beauty of the place is that  it's hidden away in a neighborhood and only the people that have heard about a great this place is can find it.. Someone actually wrote a negative review saying it was overcrowded... Hey idiot !! It's overcrowded because the food is so damn good!!  Use ur brain!  The Mac n cheese best I've ever had period. The meats to die for.. Best BBQ you will find here in Vegas period....
5	all i can say is go with a huge appetite.  the food portions are huge and priced right.  we had the 3 meat combo;  brisket, hot link and pulled pork with  mac and cheese and potato salad  yummy.  with extra sauce.  bonus!!!  saw this place on dinners drive inns and dives and had to try it.  glad we did and will go again to las vegas.
2	This rating is no reflection on the friendly staff, they were wonderful and courteous.  The reason behind the two stars is the food.  I was not impressed and, moreover, a little disappointed.  I ordered a three meat combo with sliced hotlinks, pork ribs, and brisket.  The sauce was a little much on the hotlinks, the pork ribs were dry and seemed like they had been sitting for a few hours, and the brisket did not have any smoke flavor.  The portion of side orders were more than adequate, but one really does not come to a bar-b-que place for the sides, does one?
5	Just amazing is all that can come out
5	The beans are still the best in Las Vegas.  Make sure you sign the petition as the City of Las Vegas wants to move Road Kill Grill.
5	So amazing! Love the way this place is set up. The food is so good and we are extremely lucky to have this place in Las Vegas! Brisket and pulled chicken with that spicy BBQ sauce... I could eat it every day!
5	The tastiest BBQ in the strangest location ever! Chuck and his crew are the bomb! Super friendly and helpful. Our 2nd visit to John Mull's - here in town for EDC as our son was an artist on Saturday night. We've been dreaming of baby back ribs , cornbread and beans since our first visit!!  We ordered (3) 3 meat dinners and barely made a dent in our meals before feeling so full and satisfied. We will be enjoying our midnight snack at the hotel!  See you again John Mull's BBQ and crew!  Nom nom!
4	As seen on diners drive in and dives. The road kill grill has home made meats and sides. I try the beef brisket and hot links combo with a side of macaroni and cheese and potato salad. Everything was very good and the portions were appropriately sized.The only real complaint is that the workers did not have any sense of emotions and they were very silent and did not crack a smile. There is no seating as the building is set up where on building you order and then a little outdoor area which is only for seating and it has wood benches along with mist sprayers for those hot days.I would highly recommend this place as the food is very good.This place while being on TV, I feel that the quality has gone down as the customers got bigger. The food is good but the quality of BBQ and food does not compare with a comparable SNS Diner.
4	Good food, decent prices.  I like the atmosphere of being outside and getting my grub on.  Nothing fancy and if you are looking for stellar customer service, come on, this is outside BBQ food.  Once you get your food you can find a seat and get to eating.  Some people expect such perfection in every aspect of there dining experience.  The best baked beans I ever had.  The best mac and cheese I ever had.  Amazing pulled pork.  Im from the California Coast and have never tried Texas BBQ.  Some people prefer there Texan style BBQ better.  Maybe I don't know any better, but I thought it was really good.
5	Best BBQ I've had in Vegas! Very rustic with outside seating. I was surprised that I had to stand in line, even though it was a scorcher of a day a lot of people were there. The food was soooo worth it. Misters are set up around the seating, it helps, but it's still hot at lunch time. The macaroni and cheese was among the best I've ever had. It's hard to find as it's tucked away in a residential area, but now that I've found it, I will return again and again.
5	I saw the place on DDD and we just happen to be in Vegas, so I had to try it. It's not the very best BBQ i've had, but in the top 5. We tried everything, meat wise. My favs were the brisket and ribs. They also have the BEST beans I've ever had. The worst thing i had was the chicken. It was VERY DRY, don't order the chicken. This will be my go to place for BBQ in vegas. The only down side to this place is that it only has outside seating. Which isn't bad if you're not there in the summer when it's 110 degrees. There seems to be a lot of flies hangin around, which if I were a fly I'd hang out there too. The day that we were there it was windy and there was garbage flying around everywhere.
3	This was our second visit, but the first time I can review the food.  On our first visit we stood in line for about 20 min to order then another 20 after we paid when we overhead the grill cook tell one of the line prep guys that they were out of ribs, rib tips, brisket, and chicken.  Since we ordered three of the four, we asked for a refund and they were very nice about it and also gave us free meal cards for our wait and the inconvenience.   That helped us decide to make the 60 mile round trip journey a second time.  I was amped to try this great BBQ after all the positive reviews I read and am sad to say I was disappointed. The sauce comes from big Smart & Final jugs which is surprising.  Neither the spicy or regular sauce were very good.  The cole slaw had a very off putting sour taste. The cornbread was just okay, as was the pulled pork, but nothing I would come back for.  However, I very much enjoyed the hot link.  For me that was the shining star of my Styrofoam box.  The BF had the ribs and found those lacking as well as the mac salad, which was not very good.  I do not think we will be coming back to this establishment.
5	Fouth of July Weekend and the place is packed. ..you know the secret is out when the line is out the door at 10:00 am.Love that John Mulls!
4	I got the 3 may combo with ribs, pulled pork, and brisket with sides of Mac and cheese and potato salad. I was debating on getting the hot link because that is what I saw them make on diners drive ins and dives and that's what made me want to try this place. The pulled pork had sauce mixed in already which I'm not a fan of. I like to taste the flavor of the pork before sauce is added. The meat should be able to stand alone. The ribs were on point. They were tender with a good smoke flavor. The brisket was disappointing. I feel like it was cooked with liquid smoke which is like a short cut to smoke meat. The potato salad was good but to me the star was the Mac and cheese. It was creamy and I tasted like three different kinds of cheese. I wish I would have got a double side of it. They have tri tip on Tuesdays and Thursdays for anyone planning to go. I wish I went there on one of those days because I'm a East coast guy and you can't find tri tip any where out there. So whenever I get the chance I get tri tip wherever I go.
2	Saw this on Triple D with the guy with the outdated hair cut that needs to change it. The BBQ was priced at $16 for a 3 way combo which I'm CA cost a lot more than that. You get a big amount of brisket, 4 ribs, and 1/4 chicken, this is what I picked. The brisket was super dry and even putting BBQ sauce on it didn't help much, the chicken was whatever nothing special, and the ribs were actually good. The Mac N Cheese and Potato Salad in my opinion were the best part of the meal. It also came with corn bread. I think the staff were nice and the line moved rather quickly. Would I come back here? I wouldn't go out of my way.
3	A bit out of the way and a super casual place. All of that doesn't bother us but rating is reduced due to overall lack of friendliness and guest service by those working. It wasn't very busy and we basically were ignored while we tried to figure out where to order, how to find utensils, etc. We never found the barbeque sauce either which might have also improved the rating.  On to the food, we split a three meat combo with brisket, ribs, and pulled pork with the cornbread, baked beans and potato salad. We ate there at the covered tables near the misters and even at 3 pm and 100 degrees, it really was very bearable to eat.  The ribs were well flavored but only one was super tasty, tender. That one definitely earned rave reviews. The brisket was tender and meaty but no real smoke or barbeque seasoning. Maybe sauce would have changed our minds but least favorite item on the plate.  The pulled pork was great, small amount of sauce mixed in and was tender and flavorful. As for the sides, cornbread was good, slight sweet; potato salad was mild and creamy and tasted good, best side however was the beans, slightly sweet with good amount of sauce and meat. The food is good enough for us to go back again but would love to see a bit more friendly atmosphere.
3	The food was fine, good stuff..the staff was disinterested, not helpful, and rude. Because of the lack of a welcoming atmosphere and nice folks acting nice we won't be back.
5	This place is by far one of the best BBQ places I have ever ate at. The baked beans, brisket, ribs, mac n cheese were incredible. The portions are huge and delicious. I live across town and do not mind driving over here to eat. The eating area is outdoors which is the only drawback. It's just too damn hot in the summer here in Vegas to be eating out doors. Besides that, the food is great and I highly recommend this place!
3	This was actually recommended to us by the Food Network on Diners, Drive Ins, & dive. . The food was pretty good I had the pulled pork. I ordered a 2 meat combo with the ribs & chicken. The sides were okay I don't really care for baked beans so I ordered some mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was very delicious. The pulled pork could have used a little bit more sauce but it was very tender and delicious. The chicken wasn't that great it was lacking flavor may be my personal preference. The ribs were very delicious I would definitely recommend going there. The staff is the reason why I gave it a 3 they are very unfriendly but I am sure it can be due to the high heat that they have to withstand waiting outside to take your order . It can get very very hot in Vegas so I would probably be cranky too working in hundred degree weather waiting for people to order food. If you're tired of the buffets in Vegas this is definitely worth the drive to head out for some BBQ .
4	If you have a car in Las Vegas, this is a great spot to venture to if you are super hungry for great meat.  You can order raw meat to take home and cook yourself or enjoy a hearty meal on site.  The pulled pork was juicy and the sliced brisket tender.  Each meal came with two sides and choice of bread.  The cornbread is awesome!  For sides, I couldn't get enough of the mac & cheese and the baked beans.  The potato salad was also very tasty.The "Dinner" meals are A LOT of food, and can easily be two meals.  The combos could be shared or eaten as 3 meals!
5	Have been coming here for years. The food is always amazing and the people are friendly. Love mulls!!!!
5	The food is great and the serve is even better. No more free beer. Oh well the food is still the best. So here is the run down on the menu.2 meat deal $14.65 or 3 meal deal $16.65U get 2 sides w/eitherMeat to pick from:Chicken, rib tips, brisket, ribs or hot links. Side: potato salad, Mac salad, baked beans, green beans, cole slaw and Mac salad some times they have 1 or 2 special side that r not on the menu:  today was collard greens and sweet potatoes. U can get a side or water. Plus they have desserts. We have not tried the desserts yet maybe next time.The hrs of operation r: 11am to 6pm Monday - Saturday They also have a butcher shop inside where u can buy ur own meats fresh.One more thing be4 I go the grill side is all outside u order u pay and u get ur food and site outside. Enjoy the food is VERY GOOD
5	Food is just AMAZING! Ribs tender and meaty everything is flavorful, Mac and cheese has down home flavor potato salad just as great!!! The staff is so warm and amazing!!! Can't wait to visit again on our next Vegas visit!
4	Today was my first time visiting John Mulls Meats. I ordered to go and I must tell you that when I got home  my taste buds were very pleased to say the least.  I will most certainly be back as I only live about a mile and a half from this fine eaterie.As you can see I only gave John's four stars and I'll tell you why. First of all, I was very impressed with the person taking my order. Very friendly smile, helpful, patient and was very knowledgable in the menu as I explained I was feeding two people. I could see the line of folks ahead of me waiting patiently for their order to be prepared. As I moved further up the line I could sense a strange calm but also a kind of tense energy. I felt as if I was at a wake. All you could hear was the sound of food being placed in the to-go containers. No talking, no smiles, no fun, nothing but a dull silence. I wondered why and I found out when I handed my ticket to my not so eager server. Every person working on that trailer should have been wearing a Tshirt that said " I Am a Proud Member of the APATHETIC Club of America "Not a hello, how are you, have a nice day, I hope you come back soon, tell your friends and not one smile.  " Hey John " you have a great thing going on here in Vegas and people come from far and wide to enjoy your cuisine, but please start hiring TEAM members who will hopefully understand that customer service with a smile will bring folks back. I really didn't like writing this review but I think I spoke for every person that was in front of me this afternoon.
4	This establishment has definitely become an institution especially with Guy Fieri's feature on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives that everyone seems to keep talking about!!Location is quite tricky being situated along a narrow street between housing neighborhoods as if you're going to someone's backyard barbecue.  Even for a person like me who has been here multiple times still gets lost trying to find this place.  The restaurant itself is outdoors which can be a huge downside with the blistering summer heat.  They've actually added more seating from my initial visit so there's plenty of room for everybody even with a fairly large group.I usually go for the three meal combo which comes with two sides.  Rib tips, brisket, and sausage drenched in their BBQ sauce is the way to go!!  Meats are usually tender and perfectly seasoned.  As far as sides, their mac & cheese and baked beans are also quite tasty especially since they appear to be homemade and not your store bought kind.Overall, John Mull's Road Kill Grill serves up one of the best barbecues in Las Vegas.  Too bad I live at the other side of the valley so I can't eat here as much as I'd like to.
5	Everything here is awesome. Highly recommended.
2	We went here for dinner tonight and it was to be desired. My boyfriend and I have been here before because he loves it however I will not be back after tonight.1. I ordered 2 biscuits but was given cornbread instead.2. I ordered peach cobbler and was given a mushy apple cobbler, despite the lid being labeled "P" for peach.3. I was given a double serving of macaroni and cheese despite ordering a single serving of macaroni salad.4. My mom ordered cornbread and was given no biscuit or cornbread.It takes us 20 minutes to get to this place and unfortunately we didn't realize that the order was incredibly wrong until we got home and by then they had closed for the night. This was totally disappointing, it's not that hard to get an order correct. I will not be back nor will I recommend this place again. They only get 2 stars instead of 1 because my boyfriend still likes their barbeque.
5	Wow! What an experience! Saw this place on the food network and decided to go check it out. It was like a backyard barbecue with picnic tables, friendly people, and free beer on Saturdays. Probably one of the best barbecue places in town. It's very family friendly place to go eat on the weekends, you won't be disappointed
5	Wow! What a great experience, it was like a backyard barbecue. Everybody was friendly!It was like a get together in the Midwest. I saw this place on the food network show and then wanted to try it out, so one day I was craving barbecue and I thought I would give it a try.  I really had no expectations but this place just blew my mind!  I went on a Saturday afternoon and they were having an outdoor barbecue with picnic tables and free beer. The line was huge but is well worth the wait. Definitely go on the weekend.
5	My 400th review.   So, this is a special one.   And, since lots of other people have already review John Mull's Meats, I'll make it short.   I thought the address was wrong because the place really is located amongst houses.   But it's a nice place.   There is plenty of parking in a private lot.   We found our way in to the grill.   It's just a simple block house building with the butcher side and the the grill side in it.   We studied the menu for a bit because it was our first time there.   The gals working the counter could not have been more patient and friendly with us.  We selected the three meat special for us to split.   We had ribs, brisket and the hot link with beans and mac and cheese for sides.   The food... well, wow!  It was great.   Everything was cooked well.  The hot link was not over powering but had a nice amount of warmth.  It was all so tasty.   We sat outside in the shade by a cooling mister.   That was pretty nice.   Thanks DDD!Will I be back?  Heck yeah.   The food is delicious.
5	When you pull up to a restaurant and there are people standing in line around the corner in 110 degree heat... You know this is going to be something special.This place is hands down the best BBQ I have had in Las Vegas and to be honest, better than most BBQ I have had in the nation. I have been working my way through the menu and have yet to find anything I didn't like.Definitely the place to go if you are craving BBQ!
4	A 4.5+ the meats were excellent the staff great, I love the outside seating. The portions are nice and large. This reminds me a lot of North TX BBQ I live in South TX and  GA for quite a long time and the average BBQ there is better than here. BUT this is the best BBQ in Las Vegas that I have had to this point. Over and out.
5	Had tri-tip and ribs with macaroni salad and yams. Meat was super tender and flavorful, best barbeque I've ever had. Sides were great, too.
5	Very, very good barbecue. I had the rib tips with cole slaw and mac n cheese. Outstanding! Saw this place on DDD and Guy Fieri raved about their food and the freshness of their meat... I couldn't agree more. Perfect smoke flavor, the sauce had the right spice, and the mac was a perfect Southern side dish. I would definitely recommend this place for a nice, low cost bbq dinner
5	Went last Saturday expecting a long line. Must have been good timing cuz hardly a line. Had the rib tips with mac and cheese and green beans. AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!! All of it. A lot for food and very decent prices. Will be a regular.
5	So so so damn good, I can't wait to go back for more! The location is in a residential neighborhood which is a little weird but like I said the food is so damn good you don't care about the location.
5	Best Barbecue ever! It threw me off being in the middle of a neighborhood, but that's what makes it awesome.
5	We read about on DDD decided to try out on a visit to see our son. It was more then we hoped for. We as a family had all the meats and sides and desserts. No complaints at all. Everything was impeccable. A lil far from the strip. But worth the trip.
3	We ordered 2 two meat meals with pulled pork, brisket, & ribs with mac n cheese and cornbread. Instead of pulled pork we got the chicken (which was amazing) and we didn't get any cornbread. The mac n cheese was amazing and the customer service was pretty good, the ribs could've been softer. A little disappointed the order was wrong but overall satisfied.
5	I absolutely love this place!  I don't buy meat at the grocery store anymore because you simply can't after experiencing the incredible quality, the staff that is helpful and friendly and the fun atmosphere.  The butcher is an artist, really, you don't see people waiting and looking at their phones, they're watching a master at work, thank you!  The variety of products is endless, minus today's visit, my husband and I try and buy a new item each time. I can't emphasize this enough, you must go and buy your meat for your next BBQ, Monday night dinner or whatever.  We are forever changed! Thank you!
5	The tri tip is only on Tues and Thurs which is my favorite, I love the ribs and rib tips too, along with the best Mac n cheese I've ever had.
5	Hands down best BBQ in Las Vegas, macaroni and cheese is out of control. If your in Vegas and want BBQ this is the place
5	My husband both had an amazing dinner there. I had the pulled pork, he had the brisket and great sides. We also grabbed steaks to bring home and cook. The service was outstanding, food was awesome, and the meats were so much better than the grocery store ones. I will go back again, soon
1	The worst food I have ever eaten... The ribs were dry.. There were flies everywhere around the food while they were serving. I told them I didn't care for my entree and they said they were sorry but didn't offer to give me something else.. Please  avoid!!!
4	Whenever I'm making a special recipe, I come here for the meat. LOVE the short ribs!Call ahead and order for pick-up so you don't have to wait. It gets pretty busy in there. Right now, I'm looking at a line outside for their barbecue. I've brought friends here to eat and they've enjoyed the food. I still haven't found the best barbecue, you know, the kind you crave and drive many miles for? But, for the meantime I'm good with John.
5	Quite possibly the best BBQ in town thus far!!! I'm never disappointed with my choices. I usually always order the two meat combo of brisket and rib tips, but sometimes I get gluttonous and get a three meat combo with hot links!!! I've pretty much had everything on the menu, so let me describe more in detail:Brisket- tender, well seasoned, smokey,        juicyRib tips- delicious! I eat the whole thing, cartilage and all!Pulled pork- flavorful and tender.Chicken- smokey and juicyRibs- fall off the bone goodness!! Juicy and smokey.Hot links- spicy but not too crazy. Get them with out the sauce. Potato salad- nothing too special but good nonethelessMac n cheese- a lot of people love it, but I'm not too crazy about it. I personally don't like it with sour cream, but that's just me. Green beans- flavorful and love that there's chunks of ham and potatoes. Cole slaw- again, nothing special but still tastes good. The sauces- there's mild and hot. I love them both, but I'm in love with the spicy BBQ!!! It has a nice kick to it!!This place is usually busy with long lines, so come early. The wait isn't too bad as the food is served pretty fast. The staff is friendly and very generous with the portions. I usually like to get the 3 meat combo since it lasts for the following day. The prices are awesome too!!! It's also a butcher shop and they sell fresh eggs!!!  I'm just glad Vegas has a great BBQ joint like john mulls.
5	Boy oh Boy !! Great BBQ. Once you find the place and figure out the ordering process your ready for BBQ Heaven. We got the three meat combo and it was plenty for two, maybe too much. Brisket, Ribs, & Hot link. Also two sides, we got the Mac & Cheese and Beans, Killer !! Corn Bread was great also. With two bottled waters it was a grand total of twenty bucks. You can't ask for a better deal. Next time I won't eat breakfast before I head over there for lunch. You can be sure I will make this a regular stop when I am in Vegas.
5	Love, love, love this place.  The food was great.  The baked beans and the mac & cheese was the best we've ever had.  My husband had the ribs and the kids and I had the brisket.  Everything was great.  It was our best meal in Las Vegas.  I was a little worried about eating outside with 100 degree heat, but the shade and misters made it comfortable.  We saw this on Diners Drive-ins and Dives and had to try it.  It was a little hard to find but well worth the drive.  Treat yourself to this experience!
5	i was in Vegas for my honeymoon and had previously seen 3D on tv about Road Kill Grill and wanted to try it. well i got the 3 meat with beans qand macncheease, i wasnt disappointed. this was by far the best brisket I ever ate and the beans are to die for.
5	Been getting 'Q here for a while, but had not indulged in any sides as I like to do my own.  No more!  The mac and Cheese was some of the best I've had in quite a while...certainly the best I've had from any LV BBQ joint...and THE BEANS WERE INSANELY GOOD.
5	What a great experience! I love the feel of being right on the ranch. Sitting outside was wonderful. We shared the 3 piece Pulled Pork, Pulled Chicken & Tri tip with potato salad, beans & cornbread. My husband and I will definintely go back. I highly recommend this place if you are a BBQ lover!!
5	This is THE best BBQ in Vegas. Everything is always great no matter when you go or if you place a catering order. The pulled pork and mac n cheese are to die for! Even if it is out of your way, make a plan to go!
2	Not sure about this place. They have all food out in the open except for the side items that were by the drinks. Ribs did not taste fresh, coleslaw was fresh and green beans was a bit salty. My bf had shredded BBQ chicken that was really bad. His side items potato salad and ... forgot what it was.. were ok. Corn bread was good. My son said that I should go there when busy then everything is fresh. He said it's like night and day. Maybe if i'm in the area and hungry, will I crave for it? The answer will be NO!
5	What can I say. Nothing other than, don't waste another minute and go try it. All the food was so good, I told a friend of mine that was going to Vegas for his Birthday. He loved it so much, he told me he had to ask for another plate to go so he could have it in the room. It is a distance away from the strip, but it is totally worth the trip. We had Brisket, Tri Tip, Ribs, Mac & Cheese, Corn Bread and Sweet Potatoes. This place is definitely on my list for my next trip to Vegas and probably for all my next trips to Vegas. The food was so good, I didn't have a chance to even stop and take a picture. This place is so worth the price. I thought I was going to pay more for my food.
5	I am just in awe and still trying to come down from the high of enjoying this amazing meal!  I had some pulled pork, hot links, baked beans, peach cobbler, yams, Mac and Cheese, and corn bread! All of it was just amazing and delicious.
5	WOW... Not only is the food delicious the customer service is amazing as well for an all around great experience. The brisket is by far the best I've ever had!
5	OMG *faints* 2 1/2 yrs in Vegas and this was my first time coming here which I wish would've been waaay sooner. I just left from here and I guess it gets pretty busy on Saturdays so be prepared to wait. I believe I waited around 45 minutes-1 hr but boy was it worth it! The prices were actually pretty cheap compared to other bbq places and they actually give you your money's worth. While waiting in line they gave us cold bottles of water and when we got our order we got an extra free peach cobbler for the wait. This food was by far the best bbq I've had in Vegas. I had the pulled pork dinner with mac & cheese and baked beans with peach cobbler for dessert. Everything was sooo fulfilling and scrumptious and the portions were BIG.  Everybody was friendly and I enjoyed the classic r&b songs they played while we were waiting. I'll definitely be back to get my fix in the future.
2	Arrived at 2pm on a Saturday- a busy time no doubt but we'd been here before and enjoy the food. We were told they were out of brisket. After waiting in line about 35 minutes we placed our order- 5 two-meat combos- all pulled chicken and tri-tip. Once we got to the counter for them to fill our order they then told us they were out of tri-tip and that it'd be a few minutes for the next batch to be done. They put our ticket aside as we waited. Tri-tip was done- but then they proceeded to fill singleton orders that came in behind ours, forgetting about our order. So now- no more tri-tip... again. Then they said brisket would be ready in a few minutes- we waited. After another LONG 45 minute wait, we were once again told that they were now out of brisket. Are you SERIOUS? I sighed and the man ("Slick" they call him) behind the counter could sense my frustration. He began to try to make light of the situation saying things like "aww don't get mad Erin." (Your name is on your ticket order) And proceeds to turn to the others behind the counter saying, "we done made Erin mad." I don't know about you- but after an HOUR AND TWENTY MINUTE WAIT- you're right. I'm mad. And chastising your PAYING customers for your mistakes isn't the way to earn my business or my money. We asked for our $87 dollar refund and got the hell out of there. We won't be back.
5	I saw this place on tv a few years back and finally got to try them the food is what you are looking for in bbq. This is that country dirt road type if down hom bbq! The food was bbq just right full of flavor and the sides brinf you back to when your family has a reunion and the elders put their soul in the food! The ribs were tender and fell off the bones the brisket and links were delish! The mac n cheese had the right balance of cheese to noodle ratio. The yams take you back to thanksgiving dinner. The baked beans and potato salad made you wanna do a happy dance. My only dislike was there was no place to eat in doors and it was over 100 out but i guess its not traditional if ya eat it indoors. And to me if the only complaint is no indoor seating they are doing something right
4	We visited John Mulls yesterday and the food is really good. The ribs are very tender and moist. This place doesn't disappoint. When you arrive, expect to be in line for about 45min to a 1hr. If it is a hot day, it will feel like it is longer.  I am not sure how it is on weekdays, but on a Saturday we were in line for about this amount of time. The best things to order are the ribs, rib tips, brisket, and hot links. The meat is delicious and one of the Best in Vegas. If you are looking for some good home-cooked bbq, please visit this place, you will not be disappointed. It will be well worth the drive. The location of this place is closest to Gowan and Thom which is basically near Craig Rd and Decatur, that is in the northwest area of the valley. You will know when you are there when you see a bunch of cars parked on the ranch. They have tables outside where you can eat and chill too. However, if you order the chicken, order an additional meat or get the 2-3 meat combo because the chicken is on the small side for the amount of money you are paying. If you are trying to share a meal, or want to have leftovers, you will need to pair the chicken with another meat to do so. Moreover, if you get the brisket and rib tips combo, it will be enough for two or three days and it will also be more than enough to share with others. The side dishes are plentiful when you get them with the combo plate. If you want additional sides, they are very small and a bit over priced. Even though this place is pricey, the food quality does average this out. Overall, I give this place 4.5 stars because it is a good place to go for home cooked meals. Staff is nice and friendly. Very relaxed environment and family-oriented atmosphere.
4	I write this quick review as I sit in the parking lot trying to not tear open my container, because it smells so good!Food is fresh so fresh you might have to wait for certain meats but, its definitely worth the wait I came at a good time so I avoided "the line" which came shortly after I placed my order..the inside can get a little cramped but orders move out pretty fast. I'm sure I'll be back just judging off the smell I ordered the 2 meat combo tip/brisket mnc &baked beans I had to have a quick taste of a rib tip ...I can no  longer say Vegas doesn't have a good place for Bbq Perfect flavor and tenderness
4	I moved to Las Vegas back in mid-August and saw this place on DD&D and decided to give it a try. I ordered a 3-meat combo of brisket, chicken, and a hot link with a side of mac and cheese, potato salad, and cornbread. The brisket was easily the best I ever had, with a really good smokey flavor. I also enjoyed the chicken as well as the mac and cheese and the potato salad. I didn't really enjoy the hot link too much though. I found it too salty and the fact that they cook it on one side made it tough to bite through. Also the cornbread was essentially pre-made and wasn't very good as well. Overall, though, I would gladly come back if given the opportunity. The food was good and the staff was nice and friendly. Just, if you can, eat inside your car if possible. The venue is outdoors and I got chased back to my car by a few bees that liked the food I had as well.
3	Giving it 3 start because I waited 45 min to place my order an waited another 15 for it to be ready all while standing in the sun, finally got my order sat down, the brisket was very good so was the pulled pork and the pulled chicken the ribs were just ok they were not that tender at all, it was worth the wait but i don't think I'll be going back any time soon.
5	Excellent place to have bbq ribs and I love their hot links!  Affordable with big portions.
5	I'm from Texas and been trying to find good bbq here...this is hands down the Best BBQ in Las Vegas! We thought we were in the wrong area when our GPS took us into a neighborhood and then we found it...the holy grail of bbq!!! For meat we got the brisket, hot links and rib tips. For sides we got the collard greens, mac n cheese, green beans, potato salad and cornbread. The portions are ridiculous, they definitely do not skimp!! Everything had such good flavor from the bit of spice in the green beans to the sweetness of the moist cornbread. The brisket was tender and the hot links had just the right spiciness. I can't say I could tell much of a difference in the hot or mild bbq sauce, but both were good. The line was a bit long but it only tells how good the food is and it was lunchtime on a Saturday, so we didn't mind! We live in the south side of town but I can foresee many more trips here in the future. So glad that we found this place!!!!
5	Went to this place to get my mule deer processed. While we were waiting around filling out some paperwork the guy gave me and my buddies 4 boxes of BBQ for free! It was so good I could see myself going there at least every week. If you're in the area do your self a favor and check them out!
5	Catering review:Coming to Road Kill Grill is a treat in itself, but ordering catering is simply fantastic.I had small party at home, so ordering bqq for around 15 people seemed an easy alternative to cooking.Ordering:BrisketPulled ChickenMac 'n' CheeseColeslaw String beans and PotatoesEverything was on time when we came to pick up. All food was hot and was amazingly delicious. All food was packed in containers that were not flimsy and were stacked into protective packaging that was easy to transport. Also when we picked up a gentleman came out and packed it in our car. An easy breakdown is Food was awesome, service was fantastic and portion size was more than enough with an extremely reasonable price range. I highly recommend to anyone Road Kill Catering.OverallFood: 5-5Service: 5-5Coming back: Yes
4	Outstanding BBQ. Ribs, brisket, hot links all fantastic. The sides were great. I had macaroni cheese and the beans. Beans were some of the best I've ever had. Chuck gave us a tour of the facility. We learned out they bbq their meats. Very interesting. Not what I expected. They make their own spices there.
4	They are the type of BBQ I've even looking for out here in Vegas. Totally got it down to the tee of what BBQ experience. It's in at resilience but ranch style all the way. They cater to the total BBQ fanatics like myself and to hunters who wanna bring their kill "deer, elk ....etc" so they can cut it up and prepare it for the freezer for eating later. I love this place!!!!
5	Johnny mulls is just the most delicious bbq ive ever had. I ordered the 3 meal combo should of ordered extra corn bread. But this place is a must go if you want the best bbq im town.
4	After we were directed to this place by Maps, I thought we weren't in the right place. It's in an actual ordinary neighborhood surrounded by ordinary houses. But once you pull up you automatically see the long line that has formed. We came on a Saturday afternoon, which you can guess is their busiest time of the week. We waited in line for 1 hour and 10 minutes. I honesty think the line wasn't THAT long. I thought we'd be in line for 30 minutes and not 1 hour 10 minutes. I definitely developed a big appetite by the time we got to the front of the line. I ordered a 2 meat combo w/ collared greens & Mac n Cheese. I chose 1/4 chicken and ribs as my meats. I also ordered a peach cobbler. I picked the HOT BBQ sauce which was the perfect kick. The meats were on point with the moistness and flavors. The Mac n Cheese was to die for. Probably one of the best I've tasted. Now the peach cobbler tasted like it just came out of the oven it was so delicious. The portions are pretty big. I barely even dented my meal. I had to save it for later. They aren't cheap with their food, for sure. One thing that bothered me was.. They took a deer or some sort of animal out of the trunk and carried it to the door. It was dead and i think it was skinned! I gasped and turned around real quick! I mean I know I'm eating animals but I sure don't want to see how you make it, kill it, or cut it! Staff was nice. I suggest coming on a weekday early in the morning so you don't get stuck in the line for hours. And order and eat at home if you didn't travel far because they only have outside seating and there are flies everywhere.
2	One star for the tri tip, and the other star for the Mac and cheese. This place really needs a new location to accommodate all the hipster/tourists that pile into this hut on a daily. I can't stand the wait time at this place, especially waiting behind a huge group of idiot tourists blah blahing about how they saw this place on triple d. STFU and order your meal I'm feeling claustrophobic in this place and might go postal!
5	Best BBQ ever!I, like everyone else, discovered this hidden gem on Food Network. The next day I was there, and it has since become a favorite. If you're going on Saturday, wear comfortable shoes. I have waited as long as an hour and a half. During the week, you should be in and out pretty quickly. The portions are insane! I am an eater, and a three meat combo lasts me about 3-4 meals.Meats:Brisket: I don't like brisket. I order brisket from Kill Grill every time. It's tender, juicy.. simply divine. A must.Tri Tip: Better than the brisket. The only con is that they only have it twice a week. If they have it, get it.Pulled Chicken: Pass on this one. I don't know what it is, but it just isn't good.Pulled Pork: It's good, but not my favorite. Don't get me wrong - compared to other places it's awesome, but they have better options in my opinion.Sausage: A favorite. I usually get them cut up and drenched in sauce. They're a little bit spicy, but they're packed with flavor.Ribs: Great flavor and extremely tender and juicy. You literally won't want sauce.Sides:I won't go into great detail, but I have tried the beans, macaroni salad and mac and cheese. They are all pretty tasty, but the mac and cheese is probably the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. It's a must!Cobbler:I've tried all three flavors - the cherry is really sweet. I prefer the apple.For the amount of food you get, the prices are extremely reasonable. When they're really busy the service can sometimes be lacking, but they try. They usually will pass out free water if you've been standing for awhile. This is definitely one of my favorite places to dine in Vegas. Go now.
5	Best bbq place hands down!!!! Ive been here twice I get the 3 meat plate with double mac its so much that I always have lots of lwdtover for later!  If you are in Vegas and love bbq THIS is the spot. There is a bit of a wait but totally worth it!
5	Great food! Went to this place for lunch today. I ordered the rib tips, with potato salad, beans, and cornbread.  I have had bbq around the country and this ranks near the very best. The employees were courteous and friendly.   I was in uniform and they  unexpectedly comped my meal.  Thank you so much for that.  You made my day and I will pay it forward!  I will be coming again!
5	OMG..this is one of those experiences that isn't supposed to make sense! Boiled ribs noo way! But John Mull's staff especially Chuck the owner have found the secret to great BBQ! It is worth the drive from Henderson! Not to mention there is the best butcher shop ever located there also, quality meats, great atmosphere, wonderful people!!! Rock on!
5	The bbq here was unbelievably good!  We had ribs, brisket and hot links. Everything was wonderful, including the potato salad and mac and cheese. If you come at a busy time,  you will probably have to wait a while,  but it's definitely worth it. The place is very small, so only a few people can go in at a time. Make the time to stop here.
5	This place is amazing! The food and staff is so awesome! Everyone should make time to stop here. Every time we are in Vegas we will definitely stop here!!!
5	I love this place.. They're sides are the bomb I always get the brisket dinner w/mac n cheese & baked beans..
5	Excellent food, workers and atmosphere! I will definitely be back and bring every friend and family member who loves good BBQ. The staff were so friendly to everyone and made you feel like part of the family!
2	I was not impressed with this place.  The sausage was good, but the potato salad was not.  The brisket was not really brisket.  It was oven baked roast beef that was not marinaded, rubbed, smoked, or barbecued, but was sliced blah and BBQ sauce poured over it after.  Lucille's and Dickey's are way better.
5	I was here on a Saturday and waited about 45 minutes in line outside to eat BBQ and it was actually totally worth it (they handed out water as we waited). On Saturdays you actually eat outside as well under a couple of covered areas with no reserved tables, it gets crowded so hopefully you can snag a table.  I'm very picky about BBQ and this place was as good as any down South. The brisket was leaner and more tender than most, you could cut this stuff with a fork. The green beans were definitely homemade with potatoes, onions, and lots of ham. The BBQ beans were likewise quite tasty with a bit of a spicy flavor and included onions and peppers. The pulled pork might have been the best of all, it was lean and tender with a BBQ sauce with a spicy, slightly garlic flavor. Oh and this comes with a large cornbread muffin too. The portion sizes here are MASSIVE, I was hungry and still was able to eat maybe 3/4 my meal at best.This place is in the middle of a residential area so you'll think your GPS is steering you wrong but you're going the right way. I'll be back here as I enjoy no frills BBQ.
5	Best BBQ in LV, possible the Wild West coast!!!! I usually get the brisket. Had the apple cobbler once. Make sure to get the spicy bbq sauce and Mac n cheese on the side. Wish they really had indoor seating. But it gives a bbq picnic experience. I'm from Texas and this rates among the best I've ever had!!!!
5	This is the best mac and cheese I have ever tasted. The brisket was nice and moist, just as it's supposed to be, but I like the taste of the pulled pork even more. The sauce that they use is vinegary and sweet and is just a great fusion of flavors. The ribs are fantastic, they give a little kick and are great without sauce, so if you like just a dry rub, you are in for a treat. The one thing I always do is I try all the meats without sauce first because if they use a great rub, it will only be enhanced with the sauce.And for dessert, you just can't go wrong with some warm peach cobbler.
5	Best beef brisket and bbq chicken i have ever had! Very affordable and awesome owner.
1	I have been waiting in line for Over 1 HOUR. they have 1 person serving dishes and 7 other people walking around with no purpose at all.
5	I love this place! I saw this featured at Food Network and me and my Fam decided to visit the place. Love the pork ribs soooo good! Definitely the best ribs in town.
5	First and foremost I'm in love with this place. I feel like I'm apart of the family. Star you are the best. Brian you are the best. Mama (Star's mom) you are the greatest. I'm going to miss you so much. Nita you are amazing! So let me tell you how the people of John Mulls treated me for the holidays. So, I didn't have a turkey a ham or any sides. I came to John Mulls and they made my Thanksgiving dinner possible. The owner, Nita melted my heart. Because of them, I was able to give my family a full meal. As a high school teacher and a mother of three, my time is so limited. My family came into town and I had no dinner prepped for all of them...so embarrassing. So, when I came to them they showed me so much love, I couldn't even believe it. So best believe my Christmas, Easter, Mother's Day, Fourth of July and Thanksgiving will be all John Mulls Road Kill. Oh by the way, all of Los Angeles has gotten the word because my mother has told everyone; the church, her co-workers, her neighbors and her little Facebook friends. I love this place and they will forever be my FAMILY and they will always have my heart!
5	There are some places that treat you well and there are some places that treat you right. This food joint treats you right.I love this place! I caught Guy Fieri's Drive Ins, Diners and Dives and I took my family to test the offerings. My order was a rib combo with tri-tip, baked beans and mac & cheese. To get this combo, you have to be here Tuesdays or Thursdays. It's not served any other days. The baked beans they were to die for! Great taste and right amount of sweetness and BBQ you'd want in the baked beans with a bit of meat lurking in there. These ribs are the best in town: great chew, meaty, fall off the bone-type stuff and not slathered with too much sauce. Most of the flavor comes from the prep where they vacuum seal it into the meat in prep for hours. Genius! The mac and cheese is equally a crowd pleaser. I could have that for days. The price is right and we will be back to test the fabled brisket and peach cobbler. I can't wait!Speaking of waiting, we waited a while. So get here before opening if you don't like lines. I say 10:30 am is about right these days. But if you're in a line, no worries! I don't know if this is normal but it seemed normal so I'll report it. I already walked away with my order when I saw this. The line was a good 200 feet long or more. people were going to have to wait because when you get to the pick up area people hem and haw a bit. I know some of these people are standing in line for about a good  1/2 hour already and it's about 12:30 pm. So one of the cooks comes out from the cooking and has one of those trays/containers you see that they put in the food warming cart to keep things hot and ready to eat. And he goes to everyone who hasn't seen the cashier yet and gives each one a rib to tide them over until they can get their order in. How cool is that?!?What's my bottom line? Give them your money and eat their food. This is championship quality BBQ at great prices. My actual rating is a 4.7 stars...
1	I would give it NO STARS if I could because we never got to eat.  We We came early on a Friday, and waited in a line that did not move for 90 minutes.  A guy that took our order kept telling everyone the line would speed up shortly.  It never did.  Finally, we decided it wasn't worth it because after 90", there were still 16 people ahead.  We ended up going to In N Out nearby, which never disappoints.  They must pay that clown on TV to say good things
5	we are from a small island on the Pacific West Coast of BC Canada.We have heard all good things about The Road Kill Grill, and we are definitely happy with the great food !  The staff are very friendly and helpful. It is a great eating experience for the BBQ lover.I would go back for sure. It is well worth the drive!
1	I saw this place on the food networks with guy fieri and thought I would give it a chance. It's about 20 min from the strip but thought it would be worth the drive. When you pull up the place smells amazing I was excited to try everything. The staff was super nice and courteous so my 1 star is on the food the staff gets 5.    I ordered the tri tip, ribs , pulled pork , chicken and a couple sides. I was expecting fall off the bone quality ribs with tons of flavor but what I got was a dry rib that wasn't good at all. The tri tip was tender but lacked flavor, pulled pork was my favorite and the cornbread. I don't know if guy fieri got there best ribs that day but mine didn't look or taste good.
5	This place is awesome, meats are tender and juicy and the environment is great, feels like your walking through your family's kitchen when you are ordering and eating outside in the picnic tables is like a family reunion, or take it home and watch your favorite show or football game,either way the food is amazing
2	Ok. But a little to salty and tuff for our tastes. Long line up takes a good qhile to get served. Long drive from the strip
5	This has definitely been on my Vegas Eats bucketlist for quite some time. The reviews have always been great, but it's a long ways from my Henderson digs, so I hadn't had a chance to test out some Road Kill Grill. Good grief was it worth the wait. Rather than enjoy the best BBQ in Vegas alone I decided to bring an entourage. It was just before the Christmas holiday so I grabbed all of my closest co-workers to enjoy a fun holiday lunch with one another. I'm pretty sure between the entire group of 6 we ordered the entire menu. Personally, I went with a 3 meat combo that included ribs, chicken, and pulled pork. For my sides I went with a double load of mac n' cheese. That was an excellent choice as their M&C was off the hook. The ribs had fantastic flavor. I do like them to fall off the bone a little more, but they weren't tough at all. The pulled pork was the best I've ever had and they give you a mountain sized portion. The chicken was my least favorite as it had a little bit of a gassy flavor. I think it might have been a bit of smoke overload, though it was incredibly tender. Next time I would probably drop the chicken and go with the brisket or a hot link since those looked so good. The icing on the cake was the corn bread you got with it. Sweet and the perfect complement to a great meal. The 3 meat combo was literally enough food to feed 3 people, so be advised that you will likely have leftovers if you go this route.The seating area is very informal. Picnic style which is great for a large group. Only warning I would give is that it's all outdoor seating, so weather could be a factor. They do have heaters that keep it relatively warm on a cold day. I'm definitely looking forward to my next visit to John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill. Next time I'm definitely planning on visiting the butcher shop to load up my freezer. Great stuff!
4	This is by far the best BBQ around. We had the pulled pork, brisket and hot links. I can't wait to go back to try the chicken, tri-tip and ribs! The Mac and Cheese is the best I have ever tasted.... I could eat a whole meal of just that. The beans are cooked with meat and are also great. This will definitely be a regular meal for my family!
5	I had the 2 meat plate . Ribs, hot link and mac and cheese, greens and corn bread. Everything was so good. Even got a peach cobbler. It was worth the 45 minute wait. I couldn't leave the parking lot with out tasting something. Must try!! And everybody is so friendly.
4	Really unique place!  Basically set up in someone's backyard, and you gotta wait in a pretty long line but the staff is really friendly and the food is amazing.   I got a 2 meat combo with brisket and pulled pork. Green beans and cole slaw for my sides. Also comes with choice of corn bread or white bread. . I went with the corn bread and it was really moist and good.  Green beans were a little salty and the brisket was only ok. Everything else I tried was excellent.  I tasted my brothers mac and cheese & baked beans, both were amazing!   Next time I got to try the ribs!
4	My family was in town, and my dad being a DDD fan, we had to try this place. It's in a residential area, so the drive there was a little strange, but that was soon replaced by great food. We got chicken, hot links, brisket and pulled pork with sides. The macaroni and cheese is the BOMB! I'm not a huge fan of bbq sauce, but I really liked the one they put on their meats. I had the hot link and it was delicious and spicy, but not too hot. The people that work there are fantastic and have great charisma and customer service. We visited the meat shop while were there and their products in there are just as good as their bbq outside. My husband and I will definitely return for more!
5	One of the best BBQ I've ever had in the States.  We've been hearing about this joint and we've seen it on DDD (Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives on the Food Network), so we decided to check it out! Very friendly staff! Great customer service and the amount of food is enormous.  I must admit they were a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for.  Like I said, they amount of food you're given is alot.  You'll always have some left overs to take home, that's if you're not starving.  The BBQ is always juicy and flavorful.  Did I mention that they have the best Mac & Cheese I have ever had in my whole entire existence?  Then there's those heaven made baked beans (ahhhhhh)! Yes! Yes! YES!!!!!!  This place is a must! Go there........ NOW!
4	The lines are long, the system is chaotic, but I'd be a fool to say that it wasn't worth it. Disclaimer: I've only come here pre-Thanksgiving and pre-Christmas so that is the context of my experience.I came for a smoked turkey both times and the ordering process was simple (according to my mom who did the ordering)-you call in, tell them what you want and what size and you show up on your pickup day. It was $43 for a small (up to 12 lb) smoked turkey which I'm not sure is a reasonable price or not, but I wasn't paying either so I didn't really care. The smoked turkeys are the perfect low-maintenance main dish for holidays-you simply pop them in the oven at 350 for the specified amount of time (they give you an instruction sheet at pickup). This frees up your cooking time to focus on just as important side dishes such as potatoes. And more potatoes. If you are going on the Wednesday before thanksgiving or 1-2 days leading up to Christmas, bring your audio device of choice, headphones and pack a lunch. You will wait in line for what seems like an obscene length of time while other people who are in line behind you somehow get to breach the front of the line for unknown reasons. I've found it best not to sass the staff who is doing crowd control because they have a comeback for everything and have no problem embarrassing you in front of the other strangers who are suffering the line for the brisket, turkey or other festive cut of meat. Once inside, you wait in another obscenely long line while the staff operates probably like they did when they first opened: all of the orders are written on pieces of paper and not really in any type of order. You may even start to feel the panic of not knowing whether or not your order is in the stack and oh my god what if it isn't, I just waited in this line for 45 minutes ::insert garden variety of curse words.:: But then they find your slip, you get your meat and you're out of there so fast, it's like you were never there. I believe you can order trays of sides as well as fresh eggs?? I saw several people leaving with cartons of eggs along with their holiday meals.The staff can be brusque, but they are under pressure so don't take it personally. They are nice for the most part and you should be nice to them too because well they smoked your turkey, cooked your brisket, carved up your rack of lamb and basically did all of your holiday dinner legwork for you. There's plenty of parking in the lot and on the street, but I still recommend coming before they open so that you can be the one gifting your space instead of playing that terrible game of "are you leaving/can I have your space?" that we all hate to play.Overall, I'd recommend if you're looking for a standout main course for the holidays that you're willing to take a little mental anguish for via Disneyland-during-summer-break-length lines.
