4	I'm a big fan of this new coffee house. Well, new... they've been open for a few months now.Great location, tho parking can be a little annoying. If need be, turn on Louise and just park on the street. Owner (Isaac, I believe?) is always here and always sweet. There are some delicious greek pastries and such (his mom makes them! AWR) if you need a bite. I've had 4 of the different daily house brews and have been satisfied by each one, despite being kind of a coffee snob. The space is awesome, airy, nicely detailed... exposed brick, careful color choices, a super-comfy back room with wifi and sleek couches. Yay indie coffee shop awesomeness!
4	Love this new little cafe!  It's down the street from my house, good coffee and excellent chai lattes, tasty pastries, and some Greek treats as well.  They have free wi-fi and I seriously chilled there for three hours one Saturday morning with no dirty looks from the staff.  :)  The only issue here and the only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is the parking and the awkward corner location.  The parking lot consists of four parking spots (maybe), so parking on the street is your best bet and it may be a little tricky to get into the area at busier times of the day.  Other than that, I highly recommend!
5	This is a great addition to the neighborhood.  Everything a coffee shop should be and independent to boot.  It's also a great place for an early riser to see a friendly face and get a good cup of coffee before anything else on Central is open.Nice work, CCC.
4	Love this coffee/tea shop! It's the closet to where I live. The coffee and tea are always spot on. Get the Shorty. And don't miss the bakalava, made by the owner's mom... it's divine! And Jimmy, the owner, is a great guy.
4	This place is great. The place has great coffee and the best coffee atmosphere in the city. The best part about this coffee shop, aside from the coffee, is the fireplace they often have to keep you warm while you sip on your drinks and play cards.
5	Great caramel macchiatos! They carry Dilworth coffee and have the greatest little sign...coffee is not a drug, it's a vitamin.
4	Delicious latte! It is a great asset to this neighborhood and I wish there were more independently owned coffee houses near me. The employee was friendly, the atmosphere was just right, and it's in a great location. Yes, the parking is a bit tricky. Take Julia S.'s advice and park on the street.
4	Adorable.Convenient.Tasty.Chill.Yup, CC is an sweet coffee shop with all the wonderful things you want (and need) in a local java joint. They sport free WiFi, delicious pastries a handful of tables and full flavored coffee. I spotted some amazing looking Greek bread? with peanut butter that I'm bookmarking to try next time. The barista was very kind and offered me a bevy of add ons from her magical cooler. If there's a special kind of milk you want in your coffee, just request it - they probably have it! My Americano was well made, albeit straight forward, but it was the perfect iced treat for a super hot day. The parking is pretty hairy here, so be aware that you can park on the street (Louise) if need be. Oh, also be careful when backing out of their parking lot spots - people tend to whip in here off of Central pretty quickly...especially when they're caffeine deprived!
5	Jonesing for a jolt of caffeine in Plaza Midwood?  Central Coffee will do quite nicely.  This little gem is awkwardly hemmed in by surrounding businesses, so you might miss it.  Next time you pass the (former) Salvation Army, look across the street.  Better yet, stop and get something.The menu is quite delightful.  I've had a French Press (4 minutes till caffeine-driven ecstasy) that was very smooth and in my haste, I ordered a medium Colombian roast coffee ($1.97) on my last trip.  Both were robust in flavor and chock full of caffeine, served up by friendly baristas.  The atmosphere is very chill. The awkwardly-shaped interior is smallish, but has a nook in the back.  The high ceilings, however, keep this place from feeling too cramped. Parking is a challenge and like the Yelpers mentioned, park on the street to avoid fender benders.   Other than that, Central Coffee is everything you want from an indie coffeehouse.
2	CC... C?  is a cozy and quiet little coffee shop with plain view of the hustle and bustle of midwood zooming by at the five points intersection.i only see two shortcomings with the place.  one is the navigation and parking to get in here.  if you come from midwood, you have to turn a block early and skooch over to louise from there.  second, there could really be some more cushy comfy coffee house seating.other than that, it seems like a quaint little caffiene filled oasis in the almost no man's land between midwood and cpcc.  i really enjoyed the apple cinnamon maple glazed scone and the strawberry smoothie and the barista was very welcoming...TWO HOURS LATER... with a change of baristas, and apparently music taste, the lack of foot traffic and non-elevator music has made this place a midafternoon cure for insomnia.  ironic for a coffeehouse...?
5	My coffee house of choice in Charlotte. Jimmy and his crew only have on problem. They haven't invented an IV so that I can get a drip going. Try the Baklava (made by Jimmy's mom), it's fantastic. Also? 15% off bags of coffee on Wednesdays!
3	Quiet little shop right off Central Ave on your way into Plaza Midwood from the Uptown area. Parking is a little awkward on the corner, but there is plenty of street parking and you can also park across the street in the lot. Inside is small with only 2-top tables available along the walls. There was one table outside and some window seating. I took the spot by the fireplace that had 4 lounge chairs by it. Place was a little louder than I'm used to at a coffee shop, but not that big of a deal as I was all the way in the back of the place. Coffee was pretty good - went with the french roast. There were some pastries that I did not try, but they looked good too.
5	You have try the signature drink. The Central Shorty is the best way to start the morning. I'm not a big hot coffee guy but i greatly enjoy the mix of the shorty. parking is a little awkward as many have said in other reviews, but it doesn't provide any lack to making this joint my neighborhood coffee favorite. the atmosphere is amazing with so many shining and smiling faces. central truly captivates the neighborhood aspect of plaza midwood and is a gem for all that have yet to experience it's genuine community qualities. p.s. jimmy (owner, operator and barista-extraordinairre) is always down for a fist bump. get it for free with your caffeine boost.
4	This is my favorite place to stop in for a quick cup of coffee in the afternoon and a great place to meet someone if you want to avoid the crowded East Blvd. coffee shops. I did have to get over my initial fear of pouring my cream right in front of the server (How much cream is too much? What if they don't leave enough room? Will I look lame?), but the last time I went in they had put the cream in a carafe on the condiment bar. (Whew!). Coffee (Dilworth beans) is always amazing and I've never had trouble parking!
4	It took us a long time to find an independent coffee shop in Charlotte's business district. This is at the top of a cool neighborhood, Plaza Midwood, they serve coffee in nice mugs and have an array of baked goods. Free wi-fi.
5	Delicious, $3 large French press made with love from a spunky little barista. Three cheers for a locally owned business.  Least not forget about the cute little green and yellow cups. Color me caffeinated.One of my MOST favorite thing about Central Coffee, it's like a library, really, no one is yapping on their phone.  In fact, I can hear my keys taping typing this review.  It's that quiet.  The music is low and when they make espresso, the humming of the machine and the baristas cleaning is soothing.  Weird, huh?I also tried the breakfast casserole that Jimmy makes on the weekends, it is delicious! I have an appointment in 15 minutes and I do not want to leave. I want to stay in here where it's nice and quiet.
5	The only real coffee shop in uptown. It's way better than starbucks. And the folks there are friendly
5	I finally had the pleasure of stopping in Central Coffee today after seeing numerous tweets from them about their coffee of the day, business hours, etc. I had coffee in house, served in a mismatching saucer set-just my style.  I'm not a saucer kinda girl at all but it was lovely and so was the Central Shorty. I kept looking for images of Jesus or the Virgin Mary in my coffee but no go.However, I think I saw a heart  which was appropriate because I fell in love with CC today. This is going to be my new go to spot for coffee and free Wi Fi access when I'm in the Plaza area.None of the patrons looked the same like they do at other coffee establishments and don't believe I saw anyone wearing a J Crew item-love. Plus no brats running wild, so yes CC, you have won my heart. I want to be a Central Shorty!!
5	Stopped in for a break.  The girl making coffee was very nice and efficient.  Had a raspberry latte which was by far one of the best I have ever had.  Also enjoyed a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese. Overall an A+ experience. I will so be back.
4	I had the pleasure of trying Central Coffee this weekend.  I had a lot of work to catch up on, and I desperately needed a change of scenery if I was going to be productive.  A mostly straight shot down Monroe Road from Matthews put me at CC in about 15 minutes.A lot has been said about Central Coffee on here, so I'll keep my review fairly brief (for me at least).  The shop is cool without being excessively trendy.  I like the Smelly Cat on occasion, but it's just too hip for when I actually need to get work done.  The shop is long and narrow; I think this contributes to its urbanite atmosphere.  The clientele was certainly diverse: in the two hours I was there, I saw a mom with a toddler, the standard coffee-shop twenty-somethings, and a guy in drag.  My large dark roast was good: a tad watery, but hey, it happens to the best of us.  I'd try it again.  I also hear good things about the Central Shorty.  The best item I consumed was the homemade pound cake.  Such a delicious, unhealthy treat: probably the best thing I've ever eaten in a coffee shop.Central Coffee, I shall return.PS: Parking, etc.  Do what the other reviewers say and park it in the street.
5	Spiced Chai Latte and Shortbread cookie....perfect snack!
4	Yay - a new hip coffee shop.  I didn't get to hang out very long but I could see myself sipping a latte, reading a book and getting cozy for awhile at Central.  It's a little hard to get to since you can't turn left from Central but its well worth the hassle.  Service was top notch, and my coffee was just perfect.  If your a coffee snob like me check this place out you won't be disappointed.
3	Great local place to meet a friend. Baristas very nice. Only huge downside is the food-there are no healthy choices. It is all sweets and carbs. I wouldn't recommend spending an afternoon studying or reading here if you are a healthy eater. Please some Apples or something!!!
4	VERY cool place!  From the coffee to the atmosphere to the art, everything was delightful.  I ordered a cafe au lait with soy milk and it was delicious.  The service was great, prices very reasonable (considering the recent rise in coffee bean prices) and the seating was a-plenty (but not too much).  My only minor complaint is that it can be difficult to turn into this location at the intersection depending on where you are coming from.
5	I'm adding another star to Central Coffee...because it's officially my favorite coffee house in Charlotte. Some points that need to be made...1) The coffee is really that good. I'm partial to an iced Americano, raspberry latte or spiced chai. If you are staying for a while, make sure to get your hot bevvies in an adorable mug.2) The baristas are quite talented with their latte art. Check out the pics, but I've seen some gorgeous lattes.3) The breads & pastries are damn delicious. Try the superloaf with a side of peanut butter or the zucchini bread. I've also had my eye on the pound cake for some time now...4) Free WiFi, comfy seats and generally pretty quiet. Go to Central Coffee and get your caffeination on.
4	Finally made it here to try.  The man behind the counter was really nice in helping me find something I would like - a vanilla latte it was!  It was GREAT!The vibe inside was cool for a Sunday morning - next time I am not in a rush, I will linger and sit outside and people watch.
4	The iced mocha crafted for me on a hot and tired Saturday afternoon was pretty phenomenal. At the end I kept slurping at the watered icey remnant, hoping my cup would miraculously refill. I love the chill and utilitarian atmosphere of the shop and the skill of the baristas. Just wish there were more locations to enjoy!
4	Triple C's has my vote for a solid coffee shop in Charlotte. I did not really check out too many joe joints, but I had a great experience here. They keep it local by baking their own goods and serving up a good selection of most-likely-well-sourced beans; I went with the Nicaragua Selva Negra, which had a nice light, but full-bodied flavor.The atmosphere is very low-key with your typical limited comfy seats and abundance of less-but-still-comfy tables and chairs. Wi-fi is definitely at your disposal, service--which can be snobby at some local establishments--is friendly, and prices are affordable.I went with some more unique baked goods: baklava and zucchini bread. The zucchini bread rivaled the texture of a gooey brownie, but I liked it even better because it was not overly sweet. The baklava was OK, though a tad too sweet and sticky. Also, I would have liked a little more crunch from the phyllo and walnuts.Central Coffee provides offers a great start to the day with solid house-made sweets and savories and a good cup of black.
4	Like toy stores or Chevy Chase's hairline, these kind of places are disappearing fast. Maybe it's due to the huge expansion of the brand name coffeeshops, but you just don't see enough cafes like this.From the exterior, it's a pinprick between Central and Laurie Aves., but the inside is spacious. It lacks little nooks, but there are enough tables for any kind of conversation or work needing attention. CCC has a relaxed (not hip) vibe, something that's also uncommon. An informative barista who recommended drinks and explained them and a Robert Johnson soundtrack also struck out.I don't often get baked goods, but there's a selection that doesn't look like it's been festering in the cooler for weeks.In a world where a regular cup of coffee can be $3.50, getting the "Central Shorty," a $2 shot of espressso, vanilla syrup, and milk on top was as refreshing as the caffeine buzz after working during the day.If you're looking for a place to experiment around with a periodic table-like menu, and you don't want to be spoken down to during your lessons, Central Coffee is a best bet.
5	whoa! The coffee here is really good! I make an effort to check out the espresso any time I come across a coffee shop that I haven't yet visited. Free wi-fi, quick; efficient baristas, and great seating options (2-seater tables, lounge chairs by the fireplace, hightop bar at the front, and a few tables outside). The parking lot is atrocious, I suggest parking down the street and taking a stroll. As I continue to find myself on Central Ave more often, I'll be stopping in here more often.** 15% off bulk coffee on Wednesdays
4	Things I like about this coffee house:Less than a mile and therefore walking distance from home (big yay!)Choice of a pole or a skinny tree, both within view of the window, to which I can safely fasten my trusty hound while I stop in.  They had a bowl of water there too, but my dog is a water snob.A table outside, so that if I so desire I can lean back, sip and pat the aforementioned trusty hound.Pastries managed to be soft even around 3 in the afternoon.Baristas are nice and fairly expedient while still turning out the last thing I like...Tasty beverages!  I grab my decaf iced vanilla latte and I can take the world by storm.
5	Get a pastry! They are that good.Don't mind the compostable packaging! The loudest plastic you'll ever encounter.
5	An Easy 5 yelp stars here!  They made me a new favorite to add to my favorite list of caffeinated beverages, this was some kind of Chai with a shot of Espresso!  Wow!  Character!  This place has Charm!  The look and feel of this place, the music (wish I would have asked what was playing, cause I was about to fall in LOVE for the third time since I walked in this place) and the patrons make it really easy addition to my Lookalota list!  Falling in LOVE should always be like this!
5	I know I have a coffee addiction... I have come to accept this addiction. I assume it's better than a crack addiction and a tad cheaper. I'm not too picky about my coffee. I'll brew it at home and drink just about anything BUT when I catch myself telling my sister and best friend about how amazing my macchiato was, I figured it was time to write a review. My macchiato was simply fabulous, like made my whole morning fabulous I had one during my meeting and grabbed one to go!  I loved that the coffee shop uses actual huge mugs and my latte art was such a sweet surprise. The shop is small, but you have to give the owner and team credit for attempting to squeeze many tables into the narrow space. I also loved the fireplace! The parking does suck, but hey- walking a bit never killed anyone and I believe there are a few spots in the neighboring lots. My barista was super nice, I'm pretty positive he is the owner, he didn't even roll his eyes at my when I clearly took way too long to figure out what I wanted to drink. My medium sized macchiato and pastry was only 6 bucks... not too bad in my opinion! I grabbed a piece of the zucchini bread on my way out, it was really moist and quite delish heated up!
5	Passes both the comfortable environment and tasty-coffee tests!Not too big, yet always a place to sit. Lots of people, yet still quiet: you can come here to comfortably talk, think, read, study, and a host of other socially sanctioned coffeehouse-related activities. Win!The coffee is fantastic and baristas knowledgeable and friendly. Carefully prepared coffee means it is not just some passive drink to wake you up in the morning. No, this is an experience that you can sit and enjoy. Win!Add them up. That is bi-winning enough to teach Charlie Sheen something. Oh, and it is the only place (that I have seen) around that you can find a spinach, leek, and feta scone. I am still recovering from the mind-blowing awesomeness of this trifecta of perfection!
5	Great coffee, mellow music, good free wifi and a free refill on drip coffee.  What more can you ask for in a coffee shop?  Tried the spinach quiche - that's the way it should be made.  Will be repeat visitor.
4	After passing Central Coffee Company for three years I finally decided to give it a shot. The parking lot was very intimidating in my SUV but whatever. I was running in prior to work so I did not see all of the cafe, but what I did see was very nice. I liked how laid back it felt, very cozy. Per all the raves I ordered the Central Shorty and got my GF and blueberry muffin to go. My shorty was excellent, like I said in a previous review I am not a fan of cappuccino's but this had me reconsidering the beverage. My GF said the muffin was the BEST muffin she has ever had. I am eager to return to Central Coffee Company, its always nice to have another great cafe within a few miles of work.
5	Great coffee, staff and atmosphere.
5	Bumping it up to a five after my second visit, yes it was that good. My GF wanted me to get her another muffin prior to work, so I did and while I was there I got myself one too. I also got a dirty chai, which intrigued me since it had a shot of espresso. I was also worried the espresso would over power the chai spices but I had faith. The muffin really does live up to the hype, one of the best blueberry muffins I have had, possibly the best I have had in Charlotte. Its big, moist and full of blueberries YUM. The chai was also excellent the espresso was subtle, if I did not know it was there then I would probably not notice. A very delicious drink that was a nice change from the normal coffee drinks I usually get.
4	Coffee on Tab-- Yes Please!Until today I'd never been to coffee shop that allowed you to run a tab. Interesting accommodations for chronic coffee drinkers, and very helpful to those who come in to Central Coffee Company to sip the fresh brews and get a little work done. During my visit I helped myself to a comfy seat and table by the fire place, towards the back of the coffee house. After setting my things down and hooping online to the free wifi network to do some work, I made my way to the counter to place my order. So many choices! And such great prices, that work wonderfully with my limitless college student  budget. The coffee chains of America have nothing on Central Coffee Company when it comes to range in coffee selection. And not to mention the fresh baked goodies you have to choose from. For my first visit I was a bit overwhelmed by all of my choices. Nevertheless with the help of the friendly staff and my avid coffee drinking professors I by chance ran into as I ordered, I finally picked my drink of choice for the day. Typically, I like my coffee cold, however today I was refereed to give the Central Coffee Company's Signature drink "The Central Shorty" a try. So I did. I was pleasantly surprised a very robust cup of coffee to be so tiny. After a few sips I definitely felt the good caffeine juice pumping thru my veins. =) I must say that I will be returning to give the cold coffees and sweet treats the good college try. So stay tuned for the update. Thank you Central Coffee Company for the great coffee, and easy working environment. I truly enjoyed it, and will be back soon.
5	I have found my new addiction. I love this coffee shop, it is so good!! This trip I only got a regular coffee, light roast (what coffee snob drinks dark?), and black. It was so flavorful with hints of blueberries. I asked where they get the beans from, they are from a roasters in Hillsborough, NC...WHERE I GREW UP, that seriously made my day.
4	This review is subject to change.  However, on my first visit here, I could tell that this was the kind of place I'd come back to, again and again.I ordered a large white mocha with skim milk.  When I asked the barista to make my coffee a drinkable temperature, he had no problem doing that.  The coffee itself in the drink was smooth, and I really liked the white mocha mix.  The result was the best cup of coffee I've had here in Charlotte.  They also offered a fairly wide array of baked goods, and I chose the zucchini bread.  I'm not sure if they make it in-house or get it from somewhere (I didn't ask), but it was some great zucchini bread.  I plan to try some of their other goodies next time.  I might have to try a straight cup of coffee as well.The decor is comfortable and relaxing.  The baristas are friendly and helpful.  The parking situation seems rather difficult at first, but it turns out you can park on the street, in the very small lot, or at the lot across the street at Grand Central.I plan to go here again this week.
5	Talk about home away from home!  I stayed with a guy that I found on Airbnb on a recent trip to Charlotte that lived literally right across the street from Central Coffee.  I came here every single morning for breakfast.  LOVE it.  Came back to Chicago wishing I had brought it back with me!Excellent coffee.  The central shorty was AMAZING, and cheap as hell too, especially compared to Chicago prices!  I tried a variety of their baked goods during my four day residency here and they were all excellent.  Most amazing of all was the veggie quiche that I had one weekend day.  Delish!Staff was friendly, there was always space to sit in the comfy shop.  Free wifi.  Definitely would be my corner coffee place if I lived in Charlotte!
5	Delicious coffee, cosy quiet atmosphere, and tasty treats. And good allergen precautions,Full disclosure: I have been to Central Coffee so often and for so long that the owner, Jimmy, has become a friend and we bowled together in league in Spring of 2011. I was the Duchess here for a long time, and really only lost it to Ben because of my (relatively newly discovered) caffeine allergy.Jimmy works hard to make sure his customers get good coffee and great service. I will totally admit to playing favorites, and prefer my drinks made by him, Kendall or Becca. Jimmy nor Kendall overheat the soy milk, which is tricky to accomplish, so extra love to them.So what awesomesauce made me come so often? Comfy chairs by the fire place, a close proximity to my old home, Target & my doctors office in Dilworth. (What? It's just a hop & a skip from Target. I used to pop over while my meds were getting filled.) Delicious hot and cold drinks, the super friendly atmosphere - I almost always run into someone I know here - plus the tab is super handy for those whoops! moments when I forgot my wallet. I try to meet friends here for drinks as often as possible, as they deserve the love, support & $$. When I found out I was allergic to ALL THE THINGS they cautiously looked through all the favors to see if there was anything I could still drink. Because I'm lactose intolerant AND allergic to soy, they wash the pitchers and steam the goat milk I bring in. Talk about accommodating!My old favorite standbys of soy almond mocha or soy toffee mocha are now off my menu, but if they're on yours I highly recommend them. I have become a huge fan of the Shorty, a perfect balance of coffee & milk with just a touch of vanilla. YUM!If you haven't been there, you should go. Tuesday Night Throwdowns are here pretty regularly, part of the Charlotte Coffee Communities monthly fun, and Central Coffee's latte art is often a winner. If you get a chance to attend one, do!
4	A neat little shop in Plaza-Midwood that serves pretty darn tasty coffee. It has that classic coffee shop vide without feeling manufactured. The couches at the back make for a semi-private area to chat (and the skylight is a nice touch).It seems most of the other reviews have said just about all there is to say. Neat place, decent coffee, will stop in when I'm in the area.
5	Dear Central Coffee Company, I love your ambiance, omnipresent hipster clientele, vegan treats, veggie quiche, the "Central Shorty," perfect-pouring baristas, and so much more. My only question is why you have to be so far from my home? But never you mind, I'm moving closer as soon as I'm able in order to partake of your delightful establishment more frequently.Also, thank you for blessedly catering my morning wedding's zombie guests in need of your life-sustaining java. You revived us all and gave us the pizzazz we needed to have a fantastic event. Bravo.Finally, Central, your generous free wi-fi makes it easy for those of us who work remotely to plug in our power cords and have a productive, caffeinated day!Forever yours,JJ
5	Small local coffee shop with great coffee. They serve your joe in a huge coffee mug. I've only had coffee there so I can't speak to any of the other drinks. It's very quiet inside and if you want to talk on the phone you should go outside. I always feel like I'm too loud. This is my go to coffee shop. Check it out!
2	Too bad the coffee is so so.  I've been wanting a coffee shop in the hood.
4	This place is one of my top go-to places for great Chai. I would put it at the same level as Smelly Cat, although I would prefer Smelly Cat for the seating and surroundings. Central Coffee is a bit awkwardly located and parking is really funky and can get congested, as some people have mentioned in their reviews too. So far I have been lucky with finding a spot but I have had a couple of incidents where someone was about to back up their minivan into my car. Since my boyfriend was the one to find out about this place and since he doesn't drink coffee, he recommended the chai and I've been hooked onto it since, but one of these days I will definitely try the Central Shorty
2	Beyond theier vegan pumpkin bread and cool interior, I wasnt impressed too with Central Coffee.  The girl at the counter didn't seem interested in telling me much about what they were serving, and didnt seem super knowledgable either.  She didn't have much to say in terms of other cafes in the area, and hadn't even heard of a couple I mentioned, and I've only lived in Charlotte for like 76 hours (Im not kidding).  In terms of the coffee, nothing spectacular.  Cool that you can opt for a french press, but she let it go too long, and it was over extracted and had lost some of the character that I think could have been present int he cup had she paid a little bit more attention, and it wasn't like there was a big line of people waiting either.  I'd go back if I was in the area and looking for a cup, but I wouldnt choose to go here over other local joints such as Not Just Coffee, they pour better coffee (Counter Culture) and are more into the local coffeee scene.  The pumpkin bread was pretty good though...
4	Central Coffee is one of two favorites in the QC. Extra friendly staff and just straight up GREAT coffee!!
4	I love local businesses & even more thrilled that there's such a huge Appalachian State alumni presence here (Go Mountaineers!).For a brainstorming session, Katie M. & I stopped in here after the Christmas holidays.  It was around 2 PM & there were quite a bit of patrons working away, making use of the wi-fi.  This was my first time here, so I wasn't sure what to go with. Now if this were Starbucks, this would be easy for me. However, I decided to go with the cafe mocha.  The "barista" was pretty quick & of course, made the nice little "latte art" on top, which was so pretty!  The "stay here" mugs are a good size, which I was happy about. The shop is pretty quaint & there wasn't any music playing, so Katie & I felt a bit guilty that we were chatting away, while so many people were obviously working. Thank goodness no one seemed to mind. :)The prices are reasonable & the ambiance is very cozy. As Brittany mentioned, there are so many choices!I will definitely keep them on my list of coffee spots!
4	I like Central Coffee Company.  Maybe the CCC needs a P added in on the end just for fun (CCCP!).  I got a double shot of espresso (for some reason) and it was (obviously) super strong.  I ended up wimping out and cutting it with some water and making it into an Americano.  The place is pretty cool and the service was acceptable.  The only knock I have is the lack of comfortable seating.  The table rocked all over and the tables were definitely too small for two people with computers to sit at.  I understand that cafes aren't meant to be computer workshops, but it's just worth noting in case if you were planning on getting your Amelie's on somewhere else.The first time I saw this place back in the day I saw people drinking a coffee outside and it looked pretty cool, that'd be a good idea on a nice day.  Parking isn't super easy either, FYI.
4	One of the best vanilla lattes in Charlotte!  I try to support small local businesses (plus, Starbucks coffee is gross) so I was happy to see this little coffee shop pop up near Plaza Midwood.  It's a nice place to meet up for coffee with friends or do some work by yourself.
4	Dayum Central Coffee Company, how do you make your iced coffee and your vegan and/or gluten free treats so good?  Some days I want to be nice and pick up a whole quiche to take to work for my coworkers, but let's be honest - quiche that good won't last my 30-minute commute!
5	Great atmosphere and the staff doesn't change over hardly at all.  As a daily customer, its a great way to start the day being greeted by familiar faces that know my order.  The owner is almost always there and seems to be a friend of every customer.  The hard work seems to be paying off as it has steady business throughout the day.  I'll be moving out of the neighborhood in a few months but will continue to be a regular.
5	Best coffee in Charlotte hands down!Owner is very active in the business and very involved in his community.Try the " Central Shorty" it will not disapoint. if your looking for a local coffee shop in Charlotte look no further!
5	I wasn't sure about this place at first. The service was great, and they had some awesome gluten-free and vegan offerings, but the drip coffee was not really anything to write home about.Well, I'm glad I came back a few more times. Since then, I've discovered their quiches - I think they put a whole container of whipping cream in each slice *gurgles with delight* - and their incredible Microlot French Press method for brewing coffee. My god, I've never had such flavor and texture in coffee. Also, the atmosphere is inviting, though seating is a bit scarce. If you can get a seat, enjoy this place because it's a great place to hang, get work done and people-watch.
2	Just an average coffee shop with no originality, only amateur art. A coffee shop should be about environment - anyone can serve good coffee. Visit a European coffee shop or New York coffee house and you will see the difference. Save your time, buy some Folgers, gather some friends, meet at home and talk about your art collection!
4	Very good espresso. In my opinion, the best coffee shop in Charlotte.
5	Awesome independent coffee shop. Always get a Central Shorty and house made quiche.
1	Rude service!!!!!!!
4	This place is great. Its not on my way at all and I still make it in here quite often. Of course with friends close by, it happens more often than not and I love it. The atmosphere is very cozy and friendly - definitely a neighborhood feeling type of place. Their food options are great, I am a huge muffin fan (and I hear their zuchinni bread is to die for), and I am always satisfied with my beverage. Even better they have Latte Art Throwdowns every so often. Its really cool to go and watch and it just shows that its a very casual and comfortable coffee shop. Definitely somewhere I will continue to frequent.
2	Getting past the snobby hipster at the register was the worst part.  We definitely felt like we were imposing in her by asking questions and ordering.  Adding half and half from the carton to my iced toddy took some if the magic out of my toddy drinking experience but we enjoyed the music and vibe overall.  Point deduction for uncomfortable chairs!
4	Great place to get work done, small and super quiet. I went in during my lunch break and got a drip coffee (they don't have a BYOM discount, only con for a regular drip coffee drinker). Friendly staff and relaxed environment. Go on in and write that novel you've been jotting in your moleskin!
5	Central is now serving their Cold Brew Coffee on tap. That's right, boys and girls. Get your coffee over ice, in a pint glass or to go, straight from the draught built into the bar.Also, the updated menu board is gorgeous. Can't wait to see it when it's finished.  And there was much rejoicing throughout the land.
4	Awesome spot to stop in and grab a fresh brew. I stick with the iced coffee every time and love that I can peak over the counter and pick from one of 15 or so flavors. I like ordering the white mocha with raspberry - mmmm delicious. And it's a cool spot to hang out and post up with your laptop. I need to head over more and chill out with mine. If the small parking lot is full just swing over to the street running in front. Plenty of parking down that way. Oh and occasionally, you can find King of Pops in the lot when you head over for an afternoon delight - bonus!
4	Spinach quiche!
4	4 stars pretty much for the zucchini bread alone!  Ahhhh-mazing!  Just because it is labeled "vegan" doesn't mean it is healthy but I can't help but allow myself to feel a little better about eating a pastry with the word "zucchini" in it. 4 stars because they offer ALMOND MILK!!!  I am tired of the traditional options:  Skim Milk, Whole Milk or Soy Milk.  I love the fact that I had a chai tea latte with almond milk.  Made me so happy!Cool vibe.  The owner and employees weren't necessarily super friendly but they have a good product so I will let that slide.  This local shop has all of the elements needed to fit into its hipster location.  It would THRIVE even more-so if it were in Asheville...you get the point.  I will return strictly based on the fact that they offer almond milk.
2	Goodness! I tried this place again, got a bagel and Latte. I finished my Latte and asked for a HALF cup refill. $2!! It costs 5 cents to make a cup of coffee. And NO ART ON THE WALLS. Blank! They don't want to support local artists, but think they are owed the support of the locals. Bull crap. That "buy local" notion is for the birds. I buy quality first, and that includes service. Buy local ONLY If it's worthy.
4	Awesome spot to come relax, do work, or grab a quick coffee on the way to work.  Central has an awesome atmosphere and great selection of coffee.  I personally recommend a pour over.  I just wish they had more seating and parking!
5	I so enjoy the coffee and the vibe in this entrepreneurial investment in our larger community...
1	A coffee company should have good coffee, and this one does not.  I'm surprised by the reviews.  The plain coffee tasted watered down and not any type of rich or good flavor.  The vanilla latte was just strange.  Almost chemical tasting.
4	Quiet and unassuming, this is the little neighborhood independent coffee shop that could.  And boy do they ever.  If you want a quality brew or espresso, a chill vibe with your wi-fi, and an awesome homemade pastry to kick off the day, or close down your afternoon, you'll be pleased here.That is, provided you can find some parking.  The little lot outside the front door is not adequate, so parking down the adjacent street is a requirement typically, just be kind to the neighbors and their driveways.  Usually not a problem except for the usual rush hours.  Once inside you'll see a glass counter containing pastry bakes (with several vegan options) and a large counter for taking orders and brewing them up.  A large black board wall behind the counter beautifully lists out the numerous beverage options and their pricing.  It's a work of art in and of itself!Baristas are skillful in what they do, complete with latte art and deep, flavorful shots of espresso that are well-dosed.  Perhaps because of the counter and the separation from the lounge and table area, however, I have not found them to be overly conversational or chatty.  Coffee selections rotate daily, so do ask if you like a lighter or darker brew.  French press and drip views options are both available.  This is not your typical Bunn machine swill!A mix of a few tables with chairs and a couch/lounger facing a little fireplace in the back contrast with an exposed brick wall to create an inviting space to stick around for a bit.  The vibe is very chill, both due to the quiet space and the hipster crowd that tends to work through the place met any time I stop in.I like supporting these guys and they always produce a quality brew.  Caffeination heaven awaits thru its doors, and that will continue to pull me back in.
5	I am an avid coffee drinker and coffee shop browser. This is my favorite cafe in Charlotte. I love how quaint it is and how it is small enough to feel very personal- like it could be your regular place or your "home". My family and I came here while searching for houses in the area and I had the best Chai tea latte (and prettiest) I have ever had. That is saying a lot because I've had many chai teas at many places! The vegan zucchini bread is also delish and I make many morning stops to get some for breakfast.
4	The Americano here is superb. Hot or iced. Service is always pleasant and the atmosphere is what you would expect from a local coffee shop.
4	Here are a couple reviews of Central Coffee from my 6th grade students who took a field trip there for YELP Club:Isaac: My dad is in the coffee business and I know a good coffee when I taste one. That is good coffee. I suggest the "Central Shorty".The place is kind of small which is one draw back. Another is detection, the bathrooms are hard to find. (They are in the very back). The food is as good as the coffee. They just sell ala cart food nothing like a full course meal. The service is very good. People are so nice!Overall i give Central Coffee a 4 star!Samantha: Central Coffee Central Coffee was very enjoyable. The food was delicious, although a little expensive. I got hot chocolate and pound cake. The pound cake was delicious. So was the hot chocolate. It was a rainy day, so it was really crowded though. It would be nice if hey had more room, or an awning over the outdoor seating. It is kind of expensive though, which is a problem. They also should advertise more, since in order to love it, you first have to discover it. All in all, though it is pretty nice. Four StarsEmmett: I have been to central coffee a few times and I must admit it is very consistent. The coffee is a bit expensive, but the pumpkin and central shorties are delicious and easy on the wallet. The service was great every time(it was usually the same people.) I have had the Carmel frappe a few times as we'll it is expensive but good. The seating is very comfortable and it is usually very quite, good for work. As cleanliness goes it is clean and looks pretty good.Thays: My experience at central coffee was wonderful. Since I am not a coffee fan I was happy to see that they have a bunch of other drinks such as hot chocolate, water, etc. I ordered the hot chocolate and it was the perfect temperature it had a great taste The servers were very nice and friendly they seemed happy and in a good mood The price was really good I got a medium hot chocolate for three dollars and I thought it would be around five seven dollars. The one thing that I did not enjoy was the space it was so crampedI was basically right next to the person sitting at a table And seating was not enjoyable  it was all tight and crampy. The decor was beautiful it had an antique touch and it was very creative. For me finding central coffee was difficult it was in a really small corner and hard to see.
4	I was welcomed and was not rushed to order. A little assistance would have been nice because I made sure to have that I haven't been here before look. The staff is friendly as they conversed well with which seems to be regulars. I sat quietly and enjoyed the coffee and scone while doing this review and tip. Overall the price was good, just under $5.00 for a nice size coffee and chocolate chip scone.
3	took awhile. must explore the rest of the menu. cool vibe. zucchini bread was spicier than i was expecting.
4	I came into Central for the first time on a Saturday morning. At first I questioned whether or not I was in the right place because it doesn't look like much on the outside. The inside is amazing, whoever does their chalk art is pretty talented and I loved the exposed brick wall. It was absolutely packed in there and we had to wait for quite a while but it was totally worth it. I had a iced caramel soy latte and it was delicious. I have since been back and also tried their spinach and feta quiche which is amazing. Made fresh in house daily. This is a must stop coffee shop if you are in Charlotte.
4	I've heard a lot of people say Central is the best coffee in the city and I do think they're on to something here.  I haven't been disappointed.  Awesome lattes and their housemade quiche is cheesy, fresh, and delicious. Also, the employees seem to know their stuff and are friendly and welcoming.
4	This place has great coffee, a cozy feel and delicious quiche! If you live in/near Elizabeth or Plaza Midwood you should make this a regular haunt!
5	This is a great little coffee shop. My usual is a cortado. It's awesome every time. There are many choices and a great atmosphere. I came one time when they had a latte making contest. These guys know coffee.
5	A quaint spot for coffee or tea date! My first time trying their latte art and definitely will not be my last! I got the rosetta in a vanilla latte which was very rich in flavor. If only I lived closer to the area or else I would definitely be a regular!
5	Latte + Greek yogurt and fruit= ZOMG. The skim latte is perfection and the yogurt is like no other Greek yogurt I've had. It tastes more like mascarpone than yogurt... In a very wonderful way. I've also had the zucchini bread, but found it a but too greasy/ buttery for my taste.The basic coffee is very good, but I live by a 'treat yo self' mantra on weekends and the latte is pure indulgence.Parking can be very hard, but don't give up! The 6-7 spots generally turn over quickly as folks come and go.
5	I love this place! The coffee is delicious, the food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and its so cute, what else could you ask for?!? Well maybe a touch more space but that's only bc its so good they are sometimes a bit crowded.If you're hungry I would definitely recommend the quiche!
4	Hi,Just wanted to say I don't get to that side of town much but when I do I always stop here and get some of their Poundcake to take home.  It is delicious.  Now, I have only had the Cream Cheese Poundcake (I believe they call it).  I haven't stayed around long but it looks like there are many other options but the Baklava is very good too.Quite cozy in there and looks like a great place to bring your IPAD and drink coffee & eat Poundcake and get right down to the work at hand.  Very quiet and not real bright like the Starbucks.  This place is much more inviting.
4	Nice friendly staff. The coffee was good. It's a little small and I would like more outdoor seating or maybe more windows. The menu was diverse and looked really cool. Wouldn't mind coming back again and again.
4	Great coffee shop, have some art with your coffee. My wife loved it, she had the cream cheese pound cake and said it was great.
5	Whoa. The coffee that I bought here the other day has just RUINED me for cheap grocery store coffee. Magically delicious even when I brew it at home the low-tech way.
5	Best coffee spot in Charlotte. Quiet atmosphere, friendly staff, fantastic local coffee, and delicious food offerings like cake, zucchini bread, and three types of quiche.
5	Central Coffee is by far my favorite coffee shop in Charlotte! I bring every out of town friend here as one of my favorite local spots. Chai tea lattes are amazing! The people are great!
