2	this is supposed to be the "world's greatest handburgers"i wasn't pleased. so i came here thinking it was a sit down restaurant, and boy was i wrong. you walk in through the doors, and wait in line. when it's your turn, you order. and ordering is a hassle. maybe i'm too asian to figure out how to freaking order a burger, but i thought it was a bit challenging. then they give you a buzzer thingy that lights up. now you have to find a place to sit. OH MY GOSH, what a pain! you have to stake out a table and try to anticipate who's going to be done with their meal first and jump on it. when your food is ready, you go up to get it, and then you have to put your own lettece and tomato on it. [it's kinda like a buffet line] i give them extra kudos for making sure it was fresh, because the veggies DID look very very very fresh. then you finally sit down and get to eat. not in peace though, because others are waiting for your table. i ended up paying $10 for a 1/3lb burger and wedges. they charged me extra for my grilled onions and guac. i think it's WAYYYYY overpriced for all the hassle i had to go through. you don't even pay that much at a sit down restaurant. yeah, the burgers were good, i guess. but i would never go back. might as well go to IN-n-OUT and enjoy my meal for under $5 [which includes a drink]
5	This is actually one of the smaller ones that I've been to of the Fuddruckers.... and I've been going to them for... wow...20 years now?The service here was impressive...  Yes... we waited a little longer than usual for our burger, but we were enjoying company.... along with the fact that it is a little smaller than the rest of the Fudd's that I've been too, were the problems of a bit of cloggage when it came to getting in line for the condiments... all good.We had a really good experience with the wait staff too... they were helpful in getting our stuff cleared, and when my mom mentioned that they didn't have an ice-cream area like the others, the lady even improvised and made us little sundaes!!!!There are times when I'm at different locations and different places and want to try different things... and it's been a while since I've been in LV(maybe 3 years??) but it's always nice to know when you can go back to an old trusty.Thanks again for the great service and to know that you guys are here.
4	I rarely eat hamburgers but my wife was starving and we were in the area so why not?  I've always had a Fuddruckers nearby wherever I have lived but had never actually stepped inside of one til this time.  I wasn't expecting much.  My wife got the three cheese 1/2 lb burger which was probably one of the juiciest burgers I had ever tasted.  Huge!!  We were both glad we didn't order fries.  I ordered the ostrich burger which was less juicy but still very tasty.  They also had 1 pound burgers available w/ an even bigger bun for it.  We probably could've ordered that and split it I guess.  Didn't actually get to see anyone inhale one of those but it would've been amusing.  I also liked the condiments/toppings stations they offered.  All the veggies were pretty fresh.  I was also thinking people could really get away w/ making their own salad here accompany their burger.  I guess they could just smuggle some dressing in or something.  My wife loved this place.  We'll be back if we're around the area again.
3	This is a bizzare blend between a fast food burger joint and a sit down restaurant. Service was strained - I ordered the Rajun Cajun and the server got confused on the entry and was trying to modify a burger into the Cajun sandwich. We finally got it worked out.After you place your order you get your drinks and then sit down and wait to be called. I've always found this to be a bit annoying as half of the patrons hover around the delivery station anyway.Overall the food was ok - just ok. I'd probably give them another try but my expectations will be more modest next time.
3	We stopped by this location on a Saturday afternoon and this place was packed. there were kids everywhere. We ordered and we didn't get our food for like 30min. I had a 2/3 pound burger and finished about 3/4 of it. The food was great...just like any other location. It was one of the smallest locations I have been to, maybe it seemed crowded because of that. Otherwise everything was fine. I doubt I would go back on the weekend in the afternoon but maybe another time. MZ
4	My bf LOVES this place. We frequent it quite a bit. The buns are fresh, the meat is delicious, and the sides you get to add on yourself. Favorites are elk burger now, (it's new) but buffalo and ostrich burger were past favorites. Make sure you douse it with the nacho cheese sauce. Oh and the tricked out nachos, firehouse boneless buffalo wings, and oreo shake are pretty good too. The one located in the New Orleans casino is open 24 hours but the one that is on Flamingo closes at 11pm. It's a little pricey for a burger about $8 and they also have a breakfast menu that starts at 2am to 11am which I'd like to try one day.
4	Get a FREE Shake from the FUDD CLUB for your Birthday!!Also Kids EAT FREE from 4-+pm w/Adult thru Sept '09This is not your mama's burger joint They serve Unique Burgers-LIKE...Kobe Beef,Elk,Bison,Ostrich,Wild Boar,Salmon and more!!It's set up like a fast food joint stand in line order off the board and grab a seat.The food comes out fast then you get to go to the Fixin's & Condiment Bar to TOP off your Burgers!!!Fresh Lettuce,Tomatoes,Onions,Peppers,Pico De Gallo and more.I ordered the KOBE Beef Burger with Swiss & grilled onions/mushrooms and an order of bacon cheese fries.The wife got 1/3lb with fries/onion rings and the boy got a FREE burger & fries meal.PLUS I got my FREE strawberry Shake with REAL srawberries in it. for  my birthday for joining FUDD's Club!!The burgers were great. Cooked perfeclty Medium. The KOBE melted in your mouth and the fries were seasoned well and covered in bacon & cheese!!I'll be paying another visit REAL soon at the BITE of Las Vegas!! 10/17!!
4	Been to the one inside the Orleans and wanted to not hassle with parking and the food court atmosphere... This place is really nice. very clean inside and not the typical kitchy decor like the others. The food was excellant. I had the burger. Food for 4 came in 10 minutes...Always tell from the quality of the condiments... They looked like they have sitting there for a little while. But we were there after the usual lunch rush. It all was a good experience, worth the drive from the NE...
5	holy lord.good yummy exotic burgers... just the way i like it?! its great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ostrich burger was outstanding! super lean & high in protein. they served it on wheat which was toasted perfectly. i got jack cheese. good choicei like the potato wedges with cheese on it.i also had the elk burger once, but i like the ostrich better.best burger ive ever had! and i dont even like burgers much!!!!!!
5	When you crave some goooood juicy red meat burgers, go to Fudd's!  I always enjoyed this chain when traveling to Arz, Cali & Colorado.  Now we have it in Vegas.  Cooked to your standards and the toppings at the self-serve bar are the freshest.  Save room for cookies because they are fantastic also!
3	Great exotic burgers, but can't fully execute the most simple burger at an low price.Coming from SoCal, home of In-N-Out, I've never really heard of Fuddruckers till someone mentioned it to me. Check out my In-N-Out review for the different types of burgers. Fuddruckers fit in the more complicated and beefy restaurant gourmet burger, so expect to pay a bit more than In-N-Out, Jack In the Box, or others.Ordering was a little tricky at first because of the options, but also because the mention was a little confusing. I went with the 2/3 lb burger, fries, and drink combo. Total came out to about $11 which is wow. But like I said before, gourmet burger hence the higher price tag.First bite made me go, this burger is certainly not worth the price. Don't get me wrong it wasn't bad, but not worth the money for what I got. The fries weren't anything special and I love fries. I felt I should have just grabbed something at In-N-Out and get something that tastes as good and be cheaper.This place shines in the exotic meats like ostrich, elk, and bison. Didn't get a chance to try it, but maybe next time. Its worth trying for the exotic meats, but this place doesn't instill much confidence in me when it can't execute a simple burger at a non restaurant burger price.
5	Fuddruckers was a new burger joint to me, and it definitely didn't disappoint .  The burgers are often described as exotic, but it's basically "create your own".  Your given options, choices, and variety.  There is a simple elegance in a burger joint that really lets you have your food the way you want it.  I appreciated the cleanliness of the restaurant as much as the menu.  The staff was very helpful in going over the extensive menu with me being a newbie to the location.  Overall, the burgers were filling and bursting with flavor.  I would definitely say they hold a high place on my list of burger places; putting them in the same tier as Burger Bar at Mandalay and Stripburger outside Fashion show as the best-of-the-best I've sampled.  Another beauty of Fuddruckers is the price tag and location off the strip.
4	My friend told me about this place, and for awhile I blew it off as just another exaggerated story about some cheap burger joint.I stand corrected.Fuddruckers is a great burger joint, surprisingly nice and with a great menu.  They have everything from elk to buffalo, ostrich and veggie burgers.  What I like is that you put on your own toppings, so I can pile the extra lettuce on myself!  I love the fact that they have a nice list of options for sides, a killer fish sandwich, and several choices for other burger toppings.  I also love their freshly baked buns.  They have a kids menu that simple, too.  There's definitely something for everyone.I ordered the classic burger and we shared a fish sandwich.  I have to say that the burgers are really good.  Nice and juicy and not small AT ALL.  1/2 pound is the size they start at!  The bread has just the right sweetness and softness, and with the toppings I like on it, it was downright yummy.  My favorite, though, is their fried fish sandwich.  It has just the right crispiness on the outside and really good, tender, juicy fish inside.  Their tartar sauce is good, too.If you're looking for a great burger place with variety, one that has a great eating area, a topping bar so you can make it your way, and for a great price, stop by here.  I'm honestly craving that fried fish sandwich right now!Oh, and they have freshly baked cookies and brownies, too.  Yum!
4	Been a fan of Fuddruckers since I was a kid. Was thrilled when Vegas got it's first location. Went opening day, and have returned dozens of times since. Consistently delicious.
3	Fuddruckers- A-OK.Decent burger. (I went with the swiss melt)Decent onions rings.Decent buffalo wings. (boneless)Decent potato wedges. (bacon cheese)Total: $30.00 (including a soft drink)The burger was way too greasy for my likings. I used three napkins on my first bite. C'mon guys!! Lighten it up a little bit.  I did, however, LOVE the condiment bar. I felt a little uneasy at first....a little bit of my germaphobe came out, but everything looked fresh and clean.  The buffalo wings weren't as flavorful as I'd like. Onion rings were nummy. Potato wedges? Well, they weren't as good as they looked...Boring review as nothing was AMAZING. and nothing was worth RANTING about.Would I re-vist? Possibly. The different "exotic" meats looked intriguing. But I could just find a different place that offers them...Keep on with yo' A-OK self Fuddruckers! According to some other reviews you're doing something right!
5	Yummy burgers and fries! My guy loves the elk burger, but I'm not that adventurous - I stick with the bacon cheddar burger. It's do your own condiments, which works great for me as I can completely customize my burger without sounding like a scene from When Harry Met Sally.
3	Let me just that  Fuddruckers is the best burger joint in Houston and it saddens me to know that the lack of good beef hinders it's elsewhere in the U.S. I had a burger here and at burger bar and let me say that both places had sub-par beef to begin with which is the whole reason to go to either one of the restaurants. The beef tasted different and lacked fulling flavorful and the mouth watering taste that I experience at every other  Fuddruckers I have even been to (in Texas) and it makes me sad that my friend who lives in Vegas had to taste this sub-par burger. Would I eat here or recommend this place to anyone. No.Do I recommend  Fuddruckers in Texas? Absolutely without a doubt the best burger you will EVER have.
3	The Skinny: tried the elk burger, it's okay, but the main attraction is the side bar of toppings (3) service: counter service but friendly and efficient (3) value: an exotic burger plus fries and a drink = $14? WTF?(2).Honestly, I came here wanting to try their ostrich burger (the tastiest animal on two legs) however they're out until August 20th. So, my hubby and I shrugged and split an elk burger instead with all the trimmings - a diet Dr. Pepper (who-hoo!) and a side of seasoned fries.First things first - really impressed by the side bar of toppings available here. Love the fresh veggie bar of fresh iceberg (cut in wedges or shredded - wedges is better, of course!), tomatoes, onions and pickles. Personally, didn't like the salsa because the tomatoes had gotten a little too mealy but that's just my taste.The burger came out and we were impressed by the size. When we saw it, we were instantly gratified we only ordered one burger to share.The meat itself is good - medium done. However I felt the patty lacked seasoning. Another problem with the burger was the bun. The bun was a little too large for the patty and it wasn't anything special (kind of your average hamburger bun). Although overall, the burger was okay, I'm not sure that it would justify the 7.99 pricetag.The fries were not that great - they lacked the crispness and adequate seasoning of a good french fry. The soda however was dead good - not the watered down stuff you see at most places. My Diet Dr.Pepper pretty much tasted like it does out of a can.My one beef with ordering an exotic burger - there are no combo deals here. You must order a drink/fries at a la carte pricing if you were to order an exotic burger. That's why it cost $14 for a burger, fries and drink.Overall, the burger was okay, the drink was good, the fries are not worth the price. I think I'll come back when they have ostrich just to try it.
4	Perfectly cooked burgers! Nice, friendly customer service with tons of different burger toppings! Good onion rings too! :)
3	I was very pleased with being greeted by smiling faces versus the automatic one liner most places teach their staff. As soon as I walked in, I was overwhelmed by the choices they had. The menu made it really hard to choose what I wanted to eat. Have you ever stood in front of a menu just looking and not reading? That's what happened :(I went with the Elk burger with The Works (grilled mushrooms, American cheese, and bacon), wedge fries, and a drink for $15! I thought, 'ok. fine. it better be good!' Hey! I'm not cheap-- we're in an economic crisis! Haha! I get a buzzer to let me know my burger is ready (awesome so you don't have to wonder or miss hearing your name!) and when I get the burger, my high expectations aren't met. I guess I assumed the elk burger would have more of a game-y flavor but I was wrong. I probably should've went with a regular beef burger.Definitely a very cool environment! The staff was very hospitable because we held a birthday parry there. They helped store the cake and was very accommodating. Kudos for the great staff but I was semi-disappointed with my choice. Happy birthday Ryanel!
5	Exceedingly excellent customer service. Dan and his team went out of their way to help with my boyfriend's bday party. And the food was made right in every way. They helped bring the cake out with already lit candles and initiated singing. not to mention, excellent burgers. yes their signature burgers packed with flavor. i highly recommend trying one of their exotic burgers.
4	I'd been to Fuddruckers once before but for some reason, I didn't remember it being this good!I work at the Target across the parking lot and decided to go there on my lunch break. My burger was so perfectly seasoned and cooked and the customer service is awesome. Everyone is so friendly!If you're getting a meal it can be kinda expensive but its worth it because the food will be delicious and the portions are pretty big. (at least to my standards...)
4	Holy Moly! Everything that was served here was gigantic! What I liked the most aside from the juicy burgers, was the bread that was fresh, soft, and didn't get mushy or watered down by the juice from the burgers. They serve potatoe wedges and onion rings that are delicious! PLUS! regular and Jalepeno nacho cheese- YUM!! The service was friendly and very helpful! The price is well-worth the product as well! I say check it out and enjoy a variety of excellent tasty burgers ranging from Buffalo, Elk, Ostrich(??) and even Wild Boar. I had a chance to taste the Buffalo- which was just as tasty :D
2	If you wanted to make your own burger, you'd have stayed home! When I was a chubby 10 year old the idea of fixing up my own burger was mind blowing. Such freedom for a little kid. My memory of Fuddruckers was a fantasy land of food: Kaiser roll clouds floating by patty mountains and pickle slices flying overhead. Wow, that memory was viciously beaten when I tried this spot again. I went during lunch on a weekday and it was busy, but not slammed. I ordered a burger and fries, very basic. I was intrigued by the Elk and Ostrich burgers on the menu, but decided to stay classic. About 20 minutes later my order still hadn't been called. FINALLY, about 30 minutes after I ordered my name was called and I picked up my food. So they have a stand where you can dress your burger the way you like, which should speed up the kitchen....it doesn't. They have exotic toppings like pickles, lettuce, and tomato. Whats that you're thinking, those aren't special ingredients? AGREED. The burger was ordered medium, and came out well done. I was pressed for time so I didn't return it. The meat was dry and tasteless, yet somehow I left feeling bitter. Don't waste your time with foodwreckers, the draw here is knowledge; once you come, you know you'll never be back.
5	Fudd's is incredible, no matter where you go. The food is always consistently high quality and the service top notch. I was very pleased to see them finally enter the Las Vegas market, as our closest Fudd's was in the Los Angeles area. I don't go there as often as I would like because it's a bit pricey for a burger place, but it's great for a treat once in a while. The buns are light and tasty, and the flavor of the meat is unbelievable.
3	Whenever my husband and I go out we always have to make compromises because our taste in food differs so much! I gave in this time to his craving for burgers ...my craving today was for Kalbi. We decided to go to Fuddruckers because it's been a long time. We have one in our home town but we never ate there together. It kind of felt like a first date in a way. I remembered I used to go on dates to Fuddruckers in high school ...then songs from high school kept coming on . I will not say which ones because I don't want to date myself! It felt surreal ...and kind of funny. When the girl behind the counter asked what type burger combo we wanted she complimented my jacket right off. I added a star for that ....just joking I didn't ...I still remained objective. We both ordered a one item combo so basically it was a burger, fries , and a drink in my case . My husband had the onion rings instead. The two combos came to about $25.00. When we received our burgers we started to doctor them up to our specifications. The condiment section looked smaller then what I remember but it has all the basics of what you would want on a burger. They had tomatoes, lettuce, onion, jalapeno, and pepperchinis etc. They also had mayo, ketchup ,mustard and my favorite spicy mustard. On top of that they had bottles of A-1 sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and malt Vinegar. I took a bit of vine gear for my fries because some people say it's good together. It was okay . They also had melted cheese for your fries which I tried too. One was regular cheese and the other was Jalapeno cheese . I chose the Jalapeno cheese which was tasty with the fries. The fries come with spices on them so ordinary ketchup would also be good. The burger was tasty but I thought a tad overpriced for what it was. I think to make the pricing more worth while they should add two sides or add on a dessert since there are only three side choices fries, onion rings and coleslaw.
4	If you're tired of an ordinary beef burger, you gotta check out this place. They have a variety proteins: chicken, elk, ostrich, bison, wild boar (YUM! that's what I ate).  Served on a healthy wheat bun :)Plus you can customize your size 1/3, 1/2 or 1# (except the "exotic meats" where it only comes in 1/2#). They also have a great burger toppings bar to make your burger extra special! LUV IT!What woulda have made our experience a 5star? A milk shake.It seems their machine has been down for several months...Hope to enjoy my burger with a shake next time I visit :)
4	I had a buffalo burger, the wife had a salmon burger and the kid had a kid's burger combo. All were rock solid or better. Quick turn around and nice servers. - Update, the kid wanted to go back the next day for lunch and since we were in the area, we obliged. Guess what? Yep, the food was even better...I'd go 4 1/2. Also nice to see that the condiment bar was neat and clean once again even with a crowd. A great place for a burger!
4	Was jonesing for a Burger and decided to go to Fuddrucker's.  I love this place.  I would come here with a couple of friends at least once a month when we all worked together.....but that was a couple of years ago, so it was time to see an old friend.When I pulled up, I was surprised to see a sign advertising Free WiFi....perfect, now I found a new place to study!After a few minutes I decided to go with the 1/3 lb Burger Combo ($9.99) and a 1/2 lb Burger ($5.99).  I ordered American Cheese ($.75) on one and Pepper Jack ($.75) on the other.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AL5YzikrmxwcBzBNLGO7Jw?select=Fctoo65ZB1jpFxM1_zpamghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AL5YzikrmxwcBzBNLGO7Jw?select=_PZGFceSYTI1jygSRi5N6AOne of the things I love about Fuddrucker's is the fresh toppings bar where you can load up whatever you want on your Burger.  I decided to put Onions, Jalapenos, Mayo, and Mustard.  I also got some melted Jalapeno Cheddar Cheese for dipping my Fries.The Burgers were tasty of course and the Fries were perfect!  The combo came with a Soda and I went with Coke Zero.....I'm not a Soda drinker, but I think I'm becoming addicted to Coke Zero.....have to stop that soon.Overall, it was another great meal @ Fuddrucker's!Return Factor - 93.5%
2	They must have changed their menu from 3 years ago...but changed for the worse...We ordered:Kobe Burger-This was good.  But I can't taste the difference between this one and the regular quarter pounder, but of course it costs more.Elk Burger-could definitely taste the difference in this burger, BUT, not in a good way.  Kinda gamey...took one bite and place it back on the tray.  Wedge fries-they were just soft and soggy.  I remembered it being nice and crisp on the outside, and light and tender in the middle...not like this.Oreos Cookie Shake-there were big chunks of oreos in my shake, and the shake isn't thick and creamy like how I remembered it either.I don't know...could it be that I just had sliders from Slidin' Thru days prior?  Could it be that I didn't care for burgers that day?  Maybe because my memories of Fuddruckers was that it is a freakin' awesome burger joint and had high hopes and it just didn't meet my expectation?  Well, whatever the cause was, the effect is that I won't be coming back.
4	I wondered if they mispelled the name of their restaurant and should've had the f where the r was and the r where the f was.  Something to pnder.  After long search of what to eat, my stepdad and I ended up here.  He was craving for a veggie-burger and I was just hungry.  It is a little overpriced but I have to admit, I don't mind paying the price of their burgers since the way it's made is unforgettable.  We ordered our food as if we were in a McDonald's restaurant but the difference is we were given a square gadget that buzzes to let us know our order was ready.  My stepdad ordered the veggie burger with fries and drink, and I ordered the salmon burger with coleslaw and drink.  Every salmon order I've made the past few months have been a disappointment so I had low expectations on this.Our gadget started buzzing and off we went to get our order as if we were in In&Out Burger.  Now, this is how our food looked; the bun with the salmon/veggie meat on top and the top bun separated.  Fries and coleslaw on the side.  After we took our trays, there was a side bar with all the fixings to add on the burgers:  half chopped lettuc, tomatoes, white onions, red onions, loose leafe lettuce, salsa, pickles, etc.  In another station close by are the sauces like mayonaisse, ketchup, bbq sauce, cheese sauce, etc.Once we got done getting the side items, we were ready to dig in.  I didn't realize how hot the salmon was so when I bit in to it, I burned my tongue.  But, the burn was oh so worth it.  The salmon was fresh and didn't have that nasty old fish taste.  For the first time in months, I enjoyed salmon.  When combined with mayonaise, lettuce, tomatoe, and red onions, the combination of all gave a an explosion as though being the first night in a honeymoon.  My stepdad was very impressed with his burger and would like to come back again.  I ordered my boyfriend a 1/3 pounder burger.  He was also very happy with it and said he hasn't had a burger that tasted as awesome as that in a long time.We'll definintely come back for more.
5	Best burger joint, hands down. I've eaten here many times and was so happy to find out that finally a Fuddruckers was in town having eaten at so many back on the East Coast. This is real food, it fills you completely. You have a topping bar where you can decide what you want to put on your burger. The chicken sandwiches are also great. Very tender and juicy meat. If you are looking for a burger joint look no further then Fuddruckers.
2	fuddruckers didn't do it for me. so, driving in the summerlin area, ive always asked around how is fuddruckers and surprisingly many have said it was "bomb" not knowing what to expect i met up with friends and ordered the 1/3rd works combo. patty, mushrooms, and choice of cheese- american with fries and onion rings.. waited a couple of minutes and our order was ready, went to the counter to pick up and my food wasn't finish, they forgot my mushrooms... so after that fix i noticed that my cheeseburger was plan. i was unaware of the buffet corner to dress your own toppings, lol. i love that i had unlimited banana peppers! well, of course you can customize your burger to fit your taste buds, but my burger was overcooked and nothing about my order stood out for a fuddruckers speciality. if youve tried innout, you love the sauce or customized burger, or even five guys order to how you like it with cajun fries wish is overpowering seasoning, each burger joint has it's "speciality" but me for fuddruckers, was a burger you eat at backyard bbq. my $9 burger fries and rings wasn't all that "jazz" when i can make my own =/ so two stars for effort and happy staff!
4	This is a place you want to go where you want to spend some cash on a burger, but feel good doing it.The portion sizes are HUGE!  The 1/3 Burger is plenty.  The fries are delicious.  I love the way the condiment stations are arranged.  It seems like NACHO cheese comes out of a dispenser for your burger and fries.The only reason why this place isn't getting 5 stars is because it is always busy and that the food does take a while.  Be prepared to wait in line to get your order taken and then at least 10 minutes before the food comes out.  Bring some friends to keep you company. The people who take your order are very friendly and efficient.  This location seems pretty big, but it is always crowded.
4	Love the burger protein options. The Elk burger is just too good! I like the fresh toppings available but wish they were a bit better quality. Also they are not replentished as quickly as they should be. I think it's a bit on the pricy side, but burgers are cooked pretty nicely and don't have a complaint about the meat quality. The fries and onion rings are great, but the milk shakes are pretty average. Save your money and make one at home.  Plan on ~$15 per person. Fun place for kids, and food is kid friendly. Sometimes on weekend they have a balloon maker as well. Have seen many kids sports teams having meals here. Coupons are sometimes available, but grab them when you see them as they are rare. I wish there were more of these in town, as I have to travel across town to eat here.  They also have recently added breakfast to their menu.
5	visited about 4 times now. Brought my hubby, then kiddo, then sister, and hubby again.Never been for recently added breakfast, and never had anything other than a beef hamburger...but dammit they are good.I really love the ability to put your own amount of toppings on. Pile on as much condiments at the condiment station, fresh veggies at the veggie bar, and make your own damn soda!!!I love that about a place.So my favorite thing is the jalapeno nacho sauce to dip burger and my fries in. Hubby likes the heinz sauce...one time I even made a lettuce wrap for my burger...because you can!!!!! you can do low carb!!!! Love this friggen place.They have a coloring contest for kiddos.
5	I love a burger place where I get a choice on how my meat is cooked.  I usually order medium rare and it was sooo juicy and good.  The meal portion was so big that I couldn't even finish the smallest size meal. Ordered smallest burger, but still couldn't finish the wedge fries.  My uncle ate the 2/3 lbs meal and his stomach nearly burst. He said it was worth it. This place leaves you a feeling of contentment after you eat. Unlike in and out burger, it leaves u feeling hungry for more.The meat here is definitely fresh, a little too oily and greasy tho. Will definitely be back for more.
4	I always heard about this place and was curious to try it.  Well it just so happened that one night when I made the rare trip to the southwest part of the valley to pick up the jacket for my suit JCPenney was holding for me, I spotted Fuddruckers!  So the dinner choice was quite clear.Once inside I wasn't sure if it was going for a fast food or restaurant ambiance.  Everything was set like a fast food place but then the prices (15 per person) and the seating area contrasted greatly.  Regardless the cashier recommended the buffalo burger based saying how much leaner it was and that the ostrich burger was currently out of season so we ordered that along with half onion rings, half fries.  When we got our order I was excited to take a stab at the array of condiments and toppings for us.  I ordered grilled onions and pepper jack cheese on my burger as well so it wasn't toppingless to begin with but of course that didn't stop me.  Jalapeno cheese sauce on the fries?  Don't mind if I do!  Pico de gallo on my burger?  Perfect!  Mayonnaise?  Nope, I avoid that like the plague these days (as if the cheese wasn't fattening enough either).  Once we sat down to finally eat and see if the price was worth it . . . like the suspense?  As if the rating didn't give it away . . . it was!  I ordered my burger medium-rare and every bite I could feel the juices flowing in my mouth and the cheese and grilled onions were the perfect compliment.  The fries and the onion rings were also huge and also delicious!  Whether with cheese, ketchup or Au natural those sides were crispy and full of flavor.  Overall I felt greatly satisfied.  I dare say, almost as much as In'N Out?  I don't know how often I'll take a trip to that side of town in the future but when I do, I know one place I'll think about popping in at.  I just need to find out when ostrich meat is in season.
4	Build your own burger place, you pay to add on, if you don't like the burger then it was you own fault for picking the wrong items.  I thought it was fresh and burger was good well, just like it should be.With the extras and our drinks, it was a bit pricey for a burger.  But it ranks up there with other similar establishments.  A fine burger place.
3	Options in meat is the main reason to come to Fuddruckers. The availability of elk, buffalo, ostrich, wild boar, salmon, and the run of the mill beef are the choices. The establishment is built on a fast food counter ordering system with sit down style prices. The protein looks to come in 1/2lb patties. The Elk ($9.99) was lean, juicy, and not gamey. The Buffalo ($9.99), on the other hand, is not to be ordered if you are turned off by that taste. Burgers are sold alone. Fries, onion rings, and a mixture of the two are sold separately. After ordering the hot items, the choices of cold items and sauces are displayed in a salad bar fashion. Toppings were fresh, crisp, and kept clean. My sister and I both got our burgers without a bun and the availability of whole leaf lettuce allowed us to make our meal protein style. Overall, I like the wide variety of wild game, but it was not the best version I have ever had.
3	sick of hearing about this place from a co worker  so i went with him    service was ok  food was  so so      the carpets are filthy      the staff does not want to be there    i little pricey  for a place that just cooks  deep fried stuff and patties    the person making balloons for the kids was cool     i had an ok time   i do not know if i would go back i guess if your a dollar menu eater you would thinks this place is great     get out of your caves people!
3	Came in here for dinner.  I wasn't too impressed about the whole place.  The staff was very good, I watched a customer in front of me heckling the girl behind the counter about the details about all burgers and chicken sandwiches.  After I ordered, they kept informing me that my order was coming up.  Food was okay; main things to order is the burgers with the different meats they have to offer.  Bit pricey for a burger.I gave this place 3 Stars because of the ammenities bar.  I ordered a side of chili cheese fries and was able to pump some extra cheese onto my fries.  You can choose what you want to put on your burger; whole bar full of lettuces, pickles, onions, etc.  Basically, it's build your perfect burger.Sitting area was okay, seat yourself.  You can choose to throw away your trash or leave it there.  Place was clean when I found a spot to sit down.Parking is not a problem since it's in the same location as Target.
2	Their chicken fingers were the worst I have had in years. And they are a bit pricey too.
3	This is the first Fuddruckers in which I have dined that wasn't packed for dinner.  I never have trouble getting a seat and the staff is always friendly and quick. I have been eating at fuddruckers since 1985 or so when all they offered were burgers and the meat hung in a freezer at the door.  All you could put on the burgers was cheese and lettuce fixins. I remember the meet seemed fresher and bigger then.  The buns seem to be new and that is an improvement.  Not the best burger I ever had but more than serviceable and now there are many more choices including ELK, Buffalo, Ostrich, etc.  They offer toppings now including Mushrooms and bacon and different cheeses.  This is not a dieter's friend.  The food is good, not great, the sides forgettable.  The cookies are tasty but the rest of the deserts are to be avoided.Great place for the kids!
4	One of my favorite spots to grab a burger.... I like the rolls, the beef is cooked to desired temperature..  I like the fact that you can make it the way you want with the fixin's bar...  I recommend this place whole heartedly...  They have various meat options for those that want to try something different than just beef...  The milkshakes are good, as well as the baked goods...
5	First place to treat gluten free like its not a bad thing. Manager gave my gluten free son a milkshake instead of a cookie. Freakin amazing he did that when he did not have to. This is now a spot to eat for a long period to come.
4	Can always count on a good burger here. I've been here several times, quality is consistent, fresh, service is good. The place is clean. I love the old school Vegas artwork they have hanging all over the place.This time I got the elk burger. Although not as big as the others, I guess a quarter pounder, I never leave feeling hungry. The meat was excellent, moist, not dry at all. Slightly gamey but just enough that you know it's not beef but something a little more exotic.The buns are excellent...If I could only find these locally - but that's another story.And of course the topping bar. Anytime I get free stuff, I'm happy. Well I think of it as free but it's the little things that make my belly smile. Any time I can load up a burger sky high with jalapenos I'm happy dude.The one thing I'm not a fan of are their fries. The steak variety, not my personal favorite. Seasoned well though....Happy burger eating!
2	My man loves this place. So I gave it a try 3 times and just didn't like it. I can't help it i am being honest and do not see the hype at all. I heard all this good stuff about the taco salad so I tried that the first time. The ground beef was cold and had no flavor at all! I couldn't even eat the whole thing.Next time i tried the chicken sandwich and it was so greasy and had no flavor either. The 3rd time I just simply ordered fries not wanting to waste my money on cold flavorless grease and they just weren't up to par.I told him he has to go by himself from now on I will go to In-N-Out and leave this place to its faithful followers instead!
2	The first time I had Fuddruckers was in New Mexico and thought it was pretty good. So I didn't mind when my hubby said he wanted to go again and get one of their Wild Boar burgers.We placed our orders, the cashier was friendly and helpful, my husband asked if he could get the Boar burger on a regular bun since it comes with a whole wheat bun, and skip the coleslaw, she said no problem.The wait wasn't too bad. Well my husbands Boar burger was on a wheat bun, they did skip the coleslaw so he dealt with it. For a burger priced $9.99 it was pretty small and it doesn't come with anything. He thought it was dry and pretty bland. I got the 1/3 LB. Burger combo. My burger was also bland but it was juicy. The wedge fries that comes in the combo would've been better if they were crispier. The topping bar is kind of annoying, they should have plates available so you could get your fixings before you get your burger. When your standing there waiting for Gramps to decide what he wants, your burger and fries are getting cold. Then I get to the condiment station and half the pumps are empty, and I know I heard another customer telling them they needed to be filled while we were waiting for our burgers.Poorly run restaurant, The food is way over priced for the quality and quantity that you receive. I will never return to this location. Not sure if I'll waste my time with a Fuddruckers again.
4	Went here for dinner this evening. I ordered the fish & chips and my wife ordered one of their classic burgers...as usual she made the right decision. My fish was OK (fries were very good)...but I can't complain much since I'm originally from Seattle and Fuddruckers is known for burgers...not seafood. My wife said her burger was absolutely delicious (juicy & filling, with a very good bun)! She liked being able to put whatever toppings she wanted on it.Next time I'll have to get the burger. 4 stars because of the only OK fish and the fact that it took a bit long IMO to get our order. Will likely update the review after our next visit :-)
4	Yum!  Love their pickles.  The only thing is, when they asked if I wanted fries, rings, or a little of both.  I didn't realize it would be a LITTLE bit of both.  Maybe 8 fires and 6 rings.:shrug:
1	I've had more than a few people recommend Fuddrucker's since I've started my blog, but I somehow always forget about it when I'm trying to figure out where to eat. When craving for a burger the other day my girlfriend mentioned it and it sounded like a good idea at the time. This review could very well mark the first time that I planned a revisit before I even left the building, and not because it was so good I knew I had to go back for more. Why did that happen?Fuddrucker's has two locations in the Valley; I went to the one in the south west side of town located in your average shopping area by a Target, Sears and other typical crap. The interior is kind of country kitchen meets a Hawaiian theme or something; it doesn't make a whole lot of sense and is nothing fancy or great. Also, most of the patrons reminded me of the folks I spotted the last time I visited Farmer Boys; think your average Wal-Mart customer. The menu offers a few different sized regular burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads and other things, but the items that are going to draw me back are the 'exotic' burgers made with either elk, buffalo or wild boar. More on that in a bit.I went with the 1/2lb Original which comes with 100% USDA all-American, premium cut beef with a sesame bun with a variety of toppings available in the self-serve bar. This self-service bar is a scary, buffet-style presentation of wilted lettuce of the large slice and shredded variety, sliced tomatoes, peppers, onions and a few other items. There is also a sauce 'island' with ketchup, mustard, cheese sauces and a few other selections. I decided to keep it very simple and went with just lettuce and tomato so I could sample exactly what I was given. This was probably a mistake. The meat had bad flavor, was overcooked and dry. The thick bun was also dry and didn't have great flavor. The cheese, lettuce and tomato were all just ok, and didn't do anything to improve my burger. This burger sucked; I quickly realized that the draw could be the wild game burgers and I suddenly wanted to come back and try one despite the mess that was sitting in my hand. Mind you, this probably won't happen any time soon.The fries also completely sucked; they were dry, generic and just not that good. They had some seasoning but it really did nothing to help the flavor, nor did the variety of sauces that I tried. From the outside I thought for the longest time that this was a slightly 'fancier' sit down restaurant similar to a Red Robin or something, I had no idea it was more or less a fast food restaurant that just served terrible food. Our meal came to $24.41 which is far too much for a crappy fast food meal for two. I will be going back at some point to check out their 'exotic' meat, but despite what so many of my readers have said, I would recommend staying away from here.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Fuddruckers!  The burgers are awesome and the garnish bar is a great idea!  Prices are very reasonable and the staff is friendly!  Don't forget a cookie, as they are to die for!
1	2 burgers, 2 onion rings, 2 drinks = $30?  Why??? Ordered:  1/2 lb chili burger w/grilled onions. Not too difficult, right? WRONG!! Received: 1/2 lb burger (no grill marks or taste) which looked like those frozen, robot formed burgers you see in the grocery store. BLAND!! A salad dressing sized cup of what they call great chili.  NOT!! Oh, and (2) raw red onion rings on a giant, non-toasted bun. BLAND!! Not so great customer service. The counter person was unsure of what a chili burger was!! I'm going to in&out! C-ya
3	Quick Review:Cleanliness:  4 starsStaff:  4 starsFood (taste/portion):  2 starsPrice:  1Good stuff first...restaurant was clean and staff is as good as it gets.  Now for the bad stuff.  This visit was for one thing only....their Ostrich Burgers.  For those that haven't had Ostrich before, here's the scoop.-Low fat, about 5 grams-Low calories about 194 (minus the bun)-High protein, at least 40 grams-Taste: Like BeefAlways been a fan of Ostrich and had it at least once a month.  In the California Fuddruckers, ostrich was eliminated from their menu due to cost.  I asked fellow Yelpers out here and Cat C. suggested to try Fuddruckers in Summerlin.  Thanks Cat C!!!  I bookmarked it and made a call.  Sure enough, they confirmed that this location still had it.  As soon as I arrived, I noticed that the prices are still $9.99 for their exotic burgers.  Their exotics consist of Elk, Wild Boar, Buffalo, Salmon, Turkey, and Ostrich.  Ostrich didn't have the $9.99 price, it was labeled "Market Price". Market Price for an Ostrich Burger was $13.99 on tonight's visit.  Keep in mind that this didn't include fries or a drink.  This was bit higher than what I'm used to paying, but I just had to have it.  Then the cashier (possibly one of the supervisors) stated that all their exotics are no longer 1/2 lb burgers.  All have been reduced to 1/3 lb. This only made the $13.99 price for a burger now even more expensive.  Again, just had to have it.  She felt bad for me and hooked me up with a drink.  Wow, but it's the thought that counts.  I gave this place an overall 3 stars because the price and portions.  Their service and cleanliness actually boosted their status to me.Only had the Ostrich at this location and it was so good.  Just a bit expensive in my opinion.  I've tried their other exotics at some point.  Here's my thoughts on them.-Turkey Burgers:  Actually prefer Isand's or Red Robin's-Buffalo:  Taste and quality pretty good. My only issue is the after taste-Elk:  A bit dry and the after taste is like Buffalo-Wild Boar:  Never again. Imagine what a wild boar looks like. Then imagine what it would taste like.  Yes, that's what you get.I'm still on my quest for a good ostrich burger at a decent price.  Due to the economy, all their exotics have been reduced to 1/3 lbs compared to 1/2 lbs a year ago.  I still know locations in San Diego that have ostrich burgers, but we're taking a 5 hour drive.  And plus, it's possible that they too have either eliminated ostrich or up'd the prices.
4	Bison burgers! Fantastic!The burger I had here was very very good, and I especially like that you can put your own toppings on. No more making sure they know what I mean by "double pickles, double onions, etc. etc."; just walk over to the toppings bar and load it up.They also have pepperoncinis (aka banana peppers), which if you haven't tried them on burgers yet add a really great flavor you're missing out on.The fries are thick cut and cooked very well, nice and crispy on the outside with a soft steamy inside.The staff kind of acts like they don't want to be there. Which doesn't surprise me, given they all appear to be high school age kids and when I was that age I didn't want to be at work either. No big deal, they got my order right and the register girl was definitely good with customer service.
5	Great buffalo burger!I only eat here once every few months given that there isn't one near my house, but every time I do I am not disappointed. The buffalo burger is thick and very juicy which isn't an easy feat given its low fat content. The condiment bar is great. I'm very picky when it comes to the amount of condiments I put on my burgers. Restaurants (fast food and sit down alike) always put too much of everything for my taste. I've also made the mistake of ordering "light on the [mayo, mustard, etc.]" only to receive the most minuscule amount. At Fuddruckers I get to add everything at my own preference which of course solves this problem. The fries are also really great. Thick cut and hot every time. If you like something sweet to finish off your meal the brownie is pretty good as well!Waiting in line can sometimes be a little lengthy. I don't blame Fuddruckers for this though (and thus did not deduct any stars). I think newcomers are initially thrown off by the meat choices and repeat customers like to switch it up. Everything is ordered a la cart also which increases order time.
5	My Garden veggie with mushrooms, blue cheese and all the fixings rocked my world! Just what I wanted, an all-out veggie burger.  They even have Coke Zero and delicious wedge fries with all kinds of dip (jalapeno cheese? YES!) And the chic at the counter (Adrienne) super-nice and helpful...she even came out to check back on our happiness levels.
5	I haven't been here in a long time...I think this is now my favorite burger place!  I love a place where I can put my one toppings on it, and if there's jalapeno's and peppers, I'm in hog heaven.   The 1/3 burger is enough to wobble out of there, and I love there onion rings better than the fries.    Fuddruckers, you will be seeing me more!
5	I would give fuddruckers 4 stars, but the service at this one is outstanding! Adrian was informative and super friendly, accommodating, and honest. The Guy grilling the burgers did a great job and was also freindly and engaging. Even the dude that wiped our table was super nice.
4	Was looking for something quick after playing a hockey game up the street and Fuddruckers didn't disappoint. The restaurant was pretty full including a very large group of soccer players and our group of 7 still got all our food cooked perfectly and promptly.
4	This is an old back east favorite for me so I was excited to find out there are a couple of locations in the valley. Fuddruckers' claim to fame are their fresh, never frozen burgers.  Choose your size; tell them how you want it cooked; receive it with a sesame seed bun (which are baked fresh in the restaurant daily); make it your own at the fixin' bar and you have yourself one darn good burger!  And they have deliciously seasoned wedge-cut fries to boot.  They grill up your burger and call your name when the food is ready.  It's pretty quick for a fresh burger made when it's ordered.  You can accompany your burger creation with a milk shake and for dessert they offer cookies and brownies.  Great place to bring the little ones - they eat free on Tuesday evenings.  Definitely won't say this is the healthiest lunch or dinner you'll eat but if you're in the mood for a reliably good burger and some great fries I totally recommend this place.
4	the burgers are good, but the main thing that draws me here are the unlimited toppings and selection. i love dipping my burger in jalapeno cheese and bbq sauce. so good. me and brother in law were commenting on the strange design of a load bearing post in the middle of the dining room. very strange way to design the dining area that way...
3	My review may be a little biased because I'm a vegetarian so I can't say much for their specialty burgers. The price of the food is pretty decent. About $10 for a combo which includes the burger(toppings are free), wedges/onion rings and a drink/shake. The services is fast and friendly and they have a topping and condiment bar for you burgers and sides. My veggie burger was okay and the wedges weren't too dry. My sisters however didn't care much for their burgers. They both ordered their burgers medium rare but instead they were well done. Also the buns on the burgers are huge. Why do you guys have these huge buns? Why?! So overall the food was okay. Definitely not the best burgers in town but their prices are fair and you can put whatever toppings you want on it. I suppose it's worth a try.
4	Fuddruckers goes waaaaaaaay back in my line of duty. I grew up in Michigan and had this place as my brothers 5th grade graduation dinner. I'm 23 now, so you know it's been a while. When I found out they were building a Fuddruckers by me, I was beyond ecstatic. It was Fuddrucking awesome!Anyway, I wanted to review this place after a recent visit with my mother and brother. We came on a Sunday and were not aware that the restaurant closed at 9 PM. We arrived at 8:30 and immediately asked if they were still cooking. You could clearly tell that they were cleaning up and prepping to go home. I used to work in a restaurant and when people would come in so close to closing, I would feel the extreme animosity towards whoever came in.  We said we could leave, but their manager kindly urged us to stay. We placed our orders and they got the food out to use really quick. We had a order of onion rings with a couple of the burgers we got, and they burned them. But not so quick on the hate wagon because they hooked us up with a fresh LARGE order of onion rings on the house.The food came out really quick and it didn't feel rushed or sloppy. There weren't employees walking around waiting for us to leave, but we wanted to eat as fast as we could because they were so nice to us. Like 15 minutes before closing people came in and you didn't see anyone look upset, they all happily served each customer and cleaned up what they could. I appreciated the great service and felt respected as a customer. I didn't feel once as if I was imposing while they were so close to closing up shop. The food here is always great and it's never a disappointment, especially when you are hungry. I would take anyone here as, it does not disappoint. CHEERS!
4	I come here because I love that I can have elk and bison which are much leaner than beef. It didn't hurt that I had a coupon for a free burger for my birthday, which meant that I wasn't going to pass up a chance at a juicy patty with fresh veggies and cheese on top. I always skip the bun, and never go for combos, the portions are overly generous even at 1/3 of a pound as it is. I love it and always will.
1	arrived at 9:30pm when they clearly closed at 10pm according to the posted hours on the window. door was locked and the 2 employes inside just stared at us, couldn't even come to the door to apologize for closing early. won't be returning.
2	I have been here 2 times, the food is good, corse. I like that they have so many sauces, and toppings we can get our selves. I'm only giving this place 2 stars cause one dude raised his voice to me recently. Which upset me. I thought it was uncalled for. I didn't raise my voice to him. I have been here 2 times. One time a girl was the cashier she was nice, and very attractive. The 2nd time I came here cause I saw online they have game burgers, exotic meats, so I signed up online to get updates with my e-mail and they sent me a coupon for a burger, fries & a drink for 7$. Usually I'm guessing depending on the burger you get it would be 12$ for that. I went the 2nd time with the coupon and asked if I could use it towards the bison burger. He said yes, and I was going to pay the difference. Which came out to me 11$ or something. But I got confused, and was like I don't get why it's so much, and was asking him about that. For some reason my brain thought it was 7$ for a burger, and the math in my head was thinking so it's 9$ for the bison burger or like 10$ for the bison burger, n I subtracted 7$ from 10$ and was thinking I should be paying 3$ or something. I'm not good @ math. Sometimes I literally shut my brain off, cause I don't want to think and I have to turn the switch back on the make it work. Anyway I just asked the dude to explain it to me, and he was like he got pissed off @ me for asking him. Maybe it was cause there where 2 people behind me, IDK, but there was another cashier there they could have called to the front. N If I think someone it ripping me off, that amount of difference, I'm going to ask them to explain how they got that price. Just trying to understand. Later the dude said ''sorry for the confusion'' that really didn't help make me feel better. I don't like to be yelled @ n really customers shouldn't ever be yelled @, well he didn't yell he just raised his voice in a uncalled for, rude way. The dude was much older, could be a grandpa N I'd expect he'd be wiser then that. He should have said, sorry for raising my voice to you. Cause its not his fault I was confused. It's my lack of paying attention in math classes fault 4 the confusion. When I worked in customer service, @ my mothers restaurant, I never yelled or raised my voice to customers , even when they deserved it, like where cursing @ me, cause someone got there order wrong. In the customer service industry you should always act professional, no exceptions. Raising your voice to a customer is not professional. I'm not saying I won't be back here, but I may avoid that dude. The bison burger was sorta small, and was okay. I think beef taste better personally.
3	Very friendly. The burger was good.
4	I love Fuddruckers, it's a great place to get a good, filling burger. This location is just good -- not great, but good. It can sometimes be very good, depending on who is cooking that day. I get the feeling this location relies heavily on a microwave (watch the cooks and if you catch them zapping your food speak up)! The seasonings are also sometimes "off." On several occasions I've been either served a burger that tasted like nothing or as rubbery as a hockey puck. Other times I've been served the tastiest, juiciest, most super flavorful burger. The 3 Cheese burger is my favorite, I usually load it with super crispy bacon and then top it off on the fresh toppings bar. I really like the sweet relish and pico de gallo that's available on this toppings bar. One complaint is that sometimes the bar is poorly stocked. I was there a few days ago and the spicy mustard container was completely empty. The staff here is usually friendly and accommodating, though. It's a good spot for lunch (though at dinner time the place is less crowded).
4	On the eve of a Midwest Road Trip, Diane and I selected Fuddruckers for a sendoff dinner.  My Swiss Melt 1/3-lb. Burger with Mushrooms, Grilled Onions, and Wedge Cut Fries was very tasty, and the Wedge Cut Fries were great, with and without the restaurant's Signature Cheese Sauce and Jalapeno Cheese Sauce.  But I found the Hamburger Bun to be relatively small for a burger of this size, and the meat inside was more medium than medium rare as ordered.  The two cheese sauces tasted identical, except one had bits of potent jalapeno embedded in the slowly flowing cheese.I was impressed that all vegetables on display at the produce bar were super fresh, and there were two types of lettuce and two types of pickles available.  The Dill Pickle Chips were real juicy.  So much so that vibrant pickle juice actually squirted into my throat.  Fat Fries were really good, but on the soft side.  For good measure, and to sample something new, I also downed a Jumbo Hot Dog that was listed on the check as a "Dogzilla."  Also coming with Wedge Cut Fries, this was a very big split and grilled John Morrell All-Beef Frank laid out on a rather bready Hot Dog Bun.  About this time I found that the Signature Cheese Sauce had run out.  After telling the manager, he provided a ladle for me to draw out a needed sum of cheese sauce below the dispensing area rather than refill the sauce container, informing me that it takes 45 minutes to prepare a new batch and less than an hour remained before closing.  Since I was able to spoon out all cheese sauce that I desired, I found this decision to be reasonable.      I washed everything down with a very good smooth and cold Chocolate Milk Shake that looked swirled but tasted solid.  When initially presented, there was more creamy liquid goodness in the accompanying milk shake tin than in the large filled glass itself.  Amazing!Just before we left the premises, I heard the manager telling other diners that they had to be out in 15 minutes by the posted closing time with to go orders only or sit at outdoor tables "because of labor costs."  This position I found to be somewhat unreasonable, since it is customary for restaurants to allow all diners who arrive before the posted closing time to remain inside at least another 30 to 60 minutes to finish their meals.
1	Not cool....not cool at all!   My hubby and son have been weekly customers at this location for a very long time, but last week was their last visit.  Hubby, a Vietnam Veteran was always given a Veterans discount of 10% it came out to about $1.00 on a $23. to $25. total bill.  Remember he was paying full price for our son's meal and a 10% discount on his meal.   When he placed his order last week he was told "no more Veterans discount....only active duty Military."   Well....bu bye Fuddruckers!  Your absolutely shameful!  They are off to Smashburger next week and the week after and the week after and so on.........
4	Always get good food and service, however this time I ordered my burger Med and it was over cooked and very dry.  However you can't beat the sandwich topping bar and don't forget the Cheese Sauce!!!
3	Just got back from lunch, and I am just not enjoying this place as much as I used to. I will start with the meh:First off, they raised the prices and took away the union discount. That bugged me a little, to have a discount for union members and then just take it away. Bah! Also, it was $40 for lunch, 3 burgers, fries and drinks, and that just seems high to me, especially since you can get a cheaper lunch at nearby places (Custom Built or Five Guys are great) Really for a place where you order at a counter and grab your own food when it is done, I do not expect to pay $40 for lunch. The place was pretty empty compared to how I remember it from before, so maybe other people feel the same?On to the good:The food was very good. We all enjoyed the burgers and fries and the toppings bar is always fun. The employees working that day were super nice and attentive. If I was rating just the food and employees I would give it 5 stars for sure, but the high price and no more union discount irritates me enough to drop 2 stars.
5	Burgers, fries tastes just excellent. Friendly staff, clean and quit restaurant I would recommend it to anyone.
3	Was in the area and the fam was hungry so we decided to eat here.  We have one of these back East but this time it wasn't as good as I had remembered.  Burgers weren't bad but weren't great either...
3	Great burgers I had a chile burger and it was delish the seasoned fries were good and it sure beat the rest of the fast food burger joints. I haven't had Fuddruckers in a few years. I mean what more can I say if you wan't good burgers just go here.
5	I love their hamburgers. and the fries, and onion rings.5 times better than In and Out, and Smashburger, and Mcdonalds, etc.The staff is friendly and helpful.If you want a great burger, go to fuddruckers.
3	Ok, nothing spectacular.  The location is clean and the staff is super friendly, but I really didn't find anything great about their burgers.  The meat was a little dry and the bacon was pretty skimpy.  Both mayonnaise dispensers were low or out of mayo.  The bun is probably the best part of the burger.  I wouldn't say to avoid this location, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
5	Great selection of meats from beef to wild animals. Fries have a spice to them which are delicious and they have a bar of tons of condiments for your burger
4	Kids love going here. I think it's alright but a better alternative to fast food. I do like their condiment section that you can put on whatever you like. Cookies are yummy.
3	My sister compiled a list of burger places she wants to try in LV, so we've been on a mission to cross them all off the list. This was one of the places. We were a little intimidates because the line was so long (a little league team was here and the families were all arriving one by one).The cashier was really friendly and welcoming, and was very quick. We ordered: Three cheese burger, medium rare, add blue cheese and bacon - the burger was more medium and didn't have any bacon on it. Buffalo burger with provolone, medium - wasn't sure what temperature is recommended for buffalo, so she recommended medium. It actually turned out more medium well than medium. Elk burger, medium - she also recommended medium for this one, but it was also more medium well.Fudd's fries - these were pretty awesome!!! Pros: I do like that the sauces and veggies are available at condiment and topping bars. Service is super quick, even though the line is still pretty long Cons: temperature on the meats. We also felt mildly claustrophobic, but again it was pretty busy. It's definitely worth trying, though!
2	Not great! I dined here recently and it basically sucks. The service is terrible and rude. They told me they were out of cheddar cheese!? What? And FYI to those that care they now charge for ranch-which I'm pretty sure she pocketed as a tip! No good. Don't go!
3	The elk burger is leaner than a grilled chic sandwich and a lean sub for beef
5	Was brought here by a friend after we ran the Tap N Run. Always wanted to venture but was scared they didn't offer a veggie burger, but they do.The food was amazing! I got the veggie burger and onion rings and they were fantastic! The onion rings were the best that I've had in my whole entire life! I don't know what they are using for batter, but trust me when I say it is not like any other onion ring you have ever tasted! I'd come here just for those!I like how the set up is that you order your burger and it's served plain with the exception of cheese. Then you make your way over to the self serve station to stack it as you see fit with lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles (or no pickles. I hate pickles!), ketchup, mustard and so on.I am a huge fan of Smashburger and Fatburger, but this place is my favorite burger joint. Makes me regret even more that I moved from Summerlin to Henderson. You guys need to open one in Henderson!
2	The decor is typical corporate-try-to-have-local-flair with Las Vegas themed posters of the Rat Pack and Bugsy Siegal and whatnot. It is fun that you can choose the size of your burger and that they offer some exotic meats. The open bar for burger toppings also makes the Fuddrucker experience a little bit different from your typical burger joint. The burgers themselves are greasy, but I have to say quite tasty! Unfortunately, that's really the best I can come up with. I have now gone through the "Fuddrucker experience" a couple of times and tried a few variations, but this time I decided it just isn't good enough when there are so many other options out there.The buns are not note-worthy in any way, and the same can be said of the swiss or cheddar cheese if you choose these as additional toppings. But at least these are not bad toppings, which cannot be said for the blue cheese or grilled onion toppings. They add something to the blue cheese (I imagine to save on cost), but it makes it look & taste grainy. And those grilled onions (sometimes called caramelized onions) are, well, not grilled. When you grill an onion, the sugars caramelized and give it a wonderful sweetness that makes them special, and these are tasteless. I suspect they boil the onions, and then just mix them with some grease.We have tried every side dish, and except for the mozzarella sticks, they are soggy & greasy & gross. And now they have gotten rid of the mozzarella sticks. If you must order a side dish, ask for it extra crispy, which will help a lot. But even then, when you eat the onion rings it will feel more like you are just eating fried batter more than anything else.I have always found the restaurant clean, and the staff very nice. But it's a restaurant, and the reason you go is for the food. Or, in this case, the reason you don't go.Finding it: It is in the same shopping center area as Target, on the south side of Flamingo. Look for the traffic light closest to Target, head south, and you will see Fuddrucker's almost in front of you, toward the right.
5	If you havent tried this place your missing out! Go try it.. if you have kids go.on a tuesday they eat free. Love this place!! First time I had it I was in Missoula, Montana. Bomb diggitty!!!
4	This was my second time coming to Fuddruckers and I absolutely love this place. Yes their a little pricey but oh so worth it, their patties are full of flavor and the burger itself is huge! So when you first enter, you will see their menu posted and to the left you will see an array of vegetables and condiments to build your burger. They offer shredded or lettuce leafs, white and purple onions, pickles, peperoncini's and much more. I ordered the 1/2lb works burger with the french fries and onion rings combo, my mom ordered the 1/2lb original fudd, and my niece ordered a 1/3lb original fudd, all very tasty. I definitely will be coming back for more juicy delicious burgers.
5	Great experience.  We are from out of town and were able to use a birthday coupon at this location.  We came in about 8:40 pm on Wednesday and there was no one there.  They got us our food quickly and the food didn't seem like it was just sitting there under heating lamps.Though we got over charged on something, it was because the cashier heard me wrong and quickly refunded the overcharge.  Service was awesome and they didn't rush us out of there, which we stayed almost an hour.They gave us super great service and the food was good, too.  So, when we are back in Vegas, we'll come back to this Fuddruckers and it's also close to where my mom lives.
4	Very yummy food. The burger itself was not expensive. It was the 'make it a combo'for $4.49 that made lunch for just under $25. There is a. Coke machine so you can make different drink combos.
1	If I could I would give no stars. Walked in about half an hour ago and walked right back out 3 minutes later. There was no hello, how are you,  be with you in a sec, be right there, nothing. Out of all 5 employees behind the counter, not a single one even looked at us. We stood there and stood and stood while they all went on about their business (other than us). Near the end of our very short visit we decided to count to 10 very slowly in hopes we weren't being ignored, nope. So we left and went right next door to Aranya Thai Bistro and had a fabulous meal. Give it a try if Thai is your thing! :)
4	They were out of Diet Dr. Pepper and one Coke was out.  The drink machine was in need of a good cleaning.  One of the ketchup dispensers was out as well.  They have good burgers!   Overall it wasn't bad.  The price is a bit high for self serve type of restaurant.  There was plenty of seating for our group and I like the location.   Cookies are good too.
5	This place was one of my favorite places to eat at while I was growing up in California.  I can't believe I've come across another. It brought back so many memories of when my dad use to take us out to eat as a family. The thing I remember most about them was their huge burgers with the cheese sauce. Of course at a young age I was never able to finish and it's still hard to. I like the way you can dress your burgers with their fresh condiments. The restaurant is always well kept.
2	Grew up with this chain in Texas, where apparently they have higher standards for both quality of product and service. Popped in to grab a burger for takeout when my guy had a craving. Signage was advertising their new bourbon burger with caramelized onions, bleu cheese crumbles, bacon, and sweet bourbon sauce. Opted for the 1/2 pound version ($8) and asked for a side of fries. Receipt reflects that I was charged $13: apparently I was upgraded to a combo, despite not receiving a drink. Apparently a "regular" order of wedge fries consists of 12 pieces. For FOUR FUCKING FIFTY. ($4.49- close enough).I somehow did not realize this while I waited 20 minutes for my order.Was asked how I wanted my burger cooked, stated medium. Burger received was well done. Despite all the toppings listed in the ad, only the onions and bourbon sauce appeared to be present in flavor, and very scant amounts of each because it still came off as dry. Did not taste any cheese whatsoever. Fries were tasty, topped with the jalapeno cheese sauce from their condiment bar that I love so much-- just wish I didn't pay $4.49 for twelve fries.Oh, and that part about service and a 20 minute wait for takeout?I placed my order with one guy just as a large group walked in, creating a line that literally went out the door. No one ever stepped on to the other register. Person ON register easily took five minutes to take each order- wonder how many of theirs, like mine, were taken incorrectly and overcharged.
3	Been coming here since this location opened. I don't know what's been going on but in in the left few Monthes it's been going down hill.... The focus has been on remodeling adding free style machines etc, yet the quality of the food went down. I used to get frings, but now the onion rings are terrible I get fries but the portion is so small....the chefs forget you are supposed to season burgers even when I ask for it with the fry seasoning... I don't care if a restaurant it's a little less than maintained, but do NOT sacrifice the food quality EVER. I hope it's just a short term contract with a bad supplier, because if things stay this quality and still these prices the neatly empty restaurant will probably closed soon enough sadly....
4	Fuddruckers is your all American food place,  we ate  here tonight because we couldn't decide on where to go so we picked a "safe" place.  Ha.  I had the grilled chicken sand with green Chile,  omg I love this sand,  so juicy and flavorful and their homemade bread really seals the deal.  My daughter had the chick ceasar salad and loved it,  they put a ton of chicken,  her dad got the works burger,  I didn't try it but it looked amazing.  The fries and onion rings were both great and their bar of condiments is fresh and easy to get to,  fresh lettuce,  tomatoes, onions, pickles,  relish,  mayo,  ketchup  mustard,  nacho cheese and BBQ sauce.  The staff is friendly and accommodating.  They have the best shakes too.
5	When we want a real burger we go here, REAL meaty BIG and JUICY patties. There's never a time we have left here still hungry. Real burgers are suppose to be BIG and JUICY and MESSY. No disappointment here, no doubt, these are REAL burgers!
2	Just sad how this franchise killed my opinion of this restaurant chain. Quality has gone down drastically since opening. A great burger does not give excuses for poor service and quality. This is my last experience here.... one of my 3 combos of half & half included 3 onion rings and 14 fries. My expectations as a customer that has had Fudd before... 5 to 7 onion rings 20 to 25 fries. No combo my family ate today met my expectations. Dirty tables. Dirty restroom. Dirty floors. Nickel & dime the customers.
