4	Visited on opening day with some coworkers and found it better than some of the other coffee shops in the area.Awesome patio and all the reclaimed wood is pretty legit.Prices seem to be what you'd expect in Old Town.
4	So glad to have an authentic coffee shop walking distance from our office! Great, open floor plan with a killer atmosphere. This will definitely be my friends and my new favorite place to head to for a coffee break. Welcome to the neighborhood, Sip!
5	Amazing coffee, great local beer selection.My husband and I are in town from Seattle and consider ourselves seasoned coffee drinkers who had a hard time finding good coffee in Scottsdale. Every cup was over sweetened or watered down. NOT the case at Sip.We visited late morning otherwise we would have tried some beers- but the selection looked great if you appreciate carefully crafted, delicious brews.If you want amazing coffee, delicious beers and a really cool vibe do yourself a favor and go to sip!!! You will not be sorry. -Seattlites in Scottsdale
5	Just found this new jewell in old town. The creativity and style make this the newest and coolest spot for a cup! Must see, owners style is so unique!
4	Super cute atmosphere and friendly service. Love the patio and that it's dog friendly! Not a huge fan of cartel coffee though.
5	Hot Coffee and/or Cold Beer for whatever may ail you... Well located on the corner of Scottsdale Rd & Goldwater Blvd, pop in real quick or stay awhile... Loving this place.
5	Awesome addition to Old Town. Feel is warm and welcoming. The mint tea & macchiato are very good along with their fresh pastries! A must go!
5	Beer and coffee together, how could it be better than this? Whenever I travel, I always look for independent coffee places/local brew type establishments. This was two for the price of one. Very cool decor, comfortable, staff is ridiculously friendly, but not in an overbearing way at all. They work with Cartel Coffee, which I had earlier in the day in downtown Phoenix and I can attest to the fact that it's really good stuff, even for the coffee snobs among us.I chose from the fairly extensive beer menu and really combined the coffee and beer idea with Cartel's coffee stout (not sure that's the exact name, but you get the point). It was a perfect way to spend a late afternoon in Scottsdale... and it's nicely tucked away from the craziness of Old Town Scottsdale. I can't wait to come back.
5	Great new place in Old Town.  We have been waiting for a coffee shop like this.  Highly recommend.
5	Cartel iced coffee on tap? Yes please, and one to go.  I had an amazing time here shortly after their grand opening. The drink menu is astounding. I immediately fell in love with the Whiskey Mule, which is a whiskey spin on a Moscow Mule. Yes please, and I wish I could get one to go but we're not in Vegas. The owners and chef are very passionate about what they do. Many of the food items are from the chef's childhood, particularly his take on frittata and his grandmother's pie. The coffee cake is really nice too. I dig the vibe here. Most everything is reclaimed or upcycled. It's a nice mix of non-pretentious hipster coffee shop and rustic country farmhouse. Rich's recommendation: coffee, mixed drinks, beer, food. One of each.
5	This place is awesome! I could not wait until something like opened. Location is perfect and very easy to find. The owners and staff are great...very friendly and passionate about what they do!  I ordered the vanilla latter which was amazing, can't wait to go back. Highly recommend this place to anyone is who is looking for a great hangout any time of the day.
5	Sip coffee & beer gets a great review from me. I went there last Sunday for the first time. Love the ambiance. Perfect for Old Town Scottsdale. I am not too picky about my coffee or mochas as long as they are hot. My wife on the other hand is super picky! I can say that she really liked it! Her cafe mocha was less sweet than other places we visit. Temperature just right, and we enjoyed the tasty blueberry muffins. I can say for sure I will be back. In fact, I brought my laptop and went back on Tuesday. An excellent place to sit and relax, do some work, and the music is good too. Just low key but modern. A great vibe for doing work and socializing with friends. I will certainly go back soon and order some food and try a beer!
5	This is a super unique and original coffee shop. I tried the mocha (hot) and it was delicious! It was not too sweet, but just right. I love the decor here too! So many different types of chairs, tables, framed art and quotes. It's wonderful. Definitely stop by and try it!
3	The coffee situation: Sip use Cartel brand coffee and have on more than one occasion served it at luke-warm temperature. An easy fix, but still not the best sign that the simplest aspect of catering to the core customer base is neglected as an afterthought. I was informed the coffee is made once a day - in the morning. Perhaps Sip should just stick with their impressive beer selection on draft and skip the 'coffee thing' altogether?The look: The vintage decor is comfy/cool. I do love the outdoor seating and the ambient lighting is just right.The food: I had a sandwich. It was two slices of grocery-store bread with a few fixings. Not too impressed. The hummus was better.In general: This is the kind of coffee shop Scottsdale has been in desperate need for far too long. Other cities (San Francisco, Portland) have established destinations like this, so its a huge deal somebody finally trying to get it right. The service is pretty good, depending on who you get. The owner (guy with beard)  is a bid snide, truth be told. Not sure he comes from a customer service background, but there are books on the subject as well as some excellent YouTube videos! . Everyone else was engaging and friendly.
5	The owners Travis and Tida and the rest of their staff have done such an amazing job on this place. I was just looking for a cool and chill place with a patio that served some craft beers but this place offers so much more. The feeling, the atmosphere, the music, the friendliness of everyone (staff and patrons) makes this place a home away from home. I just can't wait till the back patio/common area opens soon! Keep up the great work and keep those awesome drinks and craft beers coming. Wish I was a coffee drinker because I have no doubt that is amazing as well.
4	This is an interesting new place in old town Scottsdale.  A place where you can grab a coffee and read a book, meet with friends, or catch up on work.  Also a place where you can sit on the patio and enjoy a beer after work or coffee cocktails in the evening. The beer selection is good but I felt that the coffee choices were a bit limited.  I didn't try any of the food but what everyone else ordered looked amazing and judging from the mmmmms and other praises it tasted just as amazing.
5	Love this new place - good location and very relaxed and comfortable atmosphere.  Nice patio, good music and the coffee was excellent (expected because it's Cartel coffee!) served in "real" cups.  Will be back very soon to check out the beer selection.  A new hang out place for us I think.
4	If I were asked what my style is, I would say "shabby chic"...and I have met my spirit animal: Sip Coffee. It's vintage, mismatched, old vs. new, junk yard vs. thrift shop and I couldn't be more smitten.    I love that they have a patio to sit on when it's nice in the mornings or at night and that it is actually a decently spacious area. When you walk in, you see tables set with faux flowers, the chalkboards full of coffee and beers to try (plus cheap beer flights!) and cute frames with their menu behind the counter.       I have tried both their kale salad and their frittata and enjoyed both thoroughly. I am all for the fact that they have put chickpeas, pomegranate seeds and bacon together in their salad--it's a great flavor combo!     Yesterday when I went in, I noticed a new section with pretzel bites and wraps while I hummed a long to N*Sync. Did I mention it's eclectic and has a fun, easygoing vibe? It does. It's wonderful.     To be noted: staff is friendly but not overbearing, they do "Dress Up Friday" happy hour that I think is ridiculously cute and have WiFi if you want to sit and sip away the afternoon.        I love that Sip is in my neighborhood and can't wait to be a frequent customer!
5	This place is awesome! Great food and coffee (I bet the beer's good too), great atmosphere, nice decor, good music playing. I'm lucky I stumbled upon it while visiting Scottsdale. If I lived here I'd be here everyday! And thanks for your vegan food options- you made this hungry traveling vegan very happy!! :-)
5	I have been here a couple of times with my wife for an afternoon beer.  Its a little slice of Phoenix in Old Town Scottsdale... cool vibe, down to earth staff, amazing remodel of the original building, etc.  I wish it great success!
4	Scottsdale needed this place badly - or perhaps I needed this place badly since moving from Phoenix to Scottsdale! Little dose of hipster, lovely tastes for a foodie, laid back vibe, chill employees. These are the things you find all over CenPho, but a rare breed East of 68th street. I plan on spending many weekend afternoons here drinking day beers. The decor and open layout make for a very inviting atmosphere that begs for both happy hour banter and solo study time. The menu is small and simple, but everything looks and sounds amazing. The kale salad was light and refreshing without being overly doused in dressing. I would however recommend more chickpeas as there were only about 10 in total. My hubs loved the hummus sandwich. It came with chips and slaw, and while I typically love vinegar based cabbage slaws like this, this one was average. We both indulged in the peanut butter cookies which definitely satisfied our sweet craving. I can't wait to try that cinnamon coffee cake with a big cup of coffee soon. The beer. Whoa. What a selection! I enjoyed a Lil Sumpin' Wild on tap which never ceases to amaze my mouth. I hope they start a loyalty punch card soon or some kind of beer club, because I'd be all over that. They do have a couple of wines by the glass, so fear not - all are welcome, including canines. The patio is dog friendly, so we of course brought our pups who loved the attention. With such a terrific concept and execution overall, I have high hopes that this place will thrive and pull in a fun crowd!
5	I am in love with this new spot in Old Town! The staff is so friendly and helpful, the beer list top notch, and the snacks are great! I have yet to try a coffee but they look amazing! Bring your pup, and enjoy their cozy patio, or bring your computer and hang in the eclectic indoor seating area!
5	I absolutely love this place and cannot wait to go back! The atmosphere is so laid back and the style is so rustic chic without being forced. The service is wonderful, everyone is so friendly, cool and helpful! Absolutely loved it!
3	Deep SighI was so excited about this place from the moment I walked in. Sips is a small place, but has a great indoor/outdoor space that is dog friendly! But... it fell short on delivery.   Don't get me wrong, I'm going to give it a try again, because I'm hopeful that it was just a one-time mishap.  I don't want to get in to all the details, but we stopped in for breakfast and the experience was kind of odd.  I ordered a burrito off the menu and it when it arrived it was missing two of the main ingredients as described on the menu. When I brought it back, the guy seemed surprised that I was displeased and acted almost as if I should just deal with it.  Since these were apparently premade by Brat Haus, I ordered a breakfast sandwich instead.  It was fine.... nothing special.  I think sips  is going to be a better Happy Hour spot, since it has a nice draft selection and pizza... you can't screw up pizza right? To Be continued....
5	Two thumbs up for atmosphere and service. Badass place to have a real beer in a relaxing/laid back environment. Nothing like a good tasting, high percent brew right out of the tap. Owners and employees are awesome as well. Haven't tried the food yet but I imagine it matches the rest of the experience. Cheers!
5	Very cool place with an inviting menu ( tried the kale salad which was awesome) and a nice hot espresso. It was  about 75 degrees with a breeze, so our group of 12 sat outside on the patio. Great vibe, nice and relaxed. The staff is really good, very friendly and mellow. The manager greeted all of us and went down the beer list and options with an interested patron. Good music playing with speakers outside as well.
4	Fun beer selection and not crowded. This place feels like it should be in central Phoenix, which I love!
4	Well, the chicken salad was an shining example of the overuse of tarragon without a complimentary taste to back it up and support. The green tea was excellent, though after hearing they used to loose leaf it, i was disappointing not to get it served that way or offered as an option. The coffee was good and makes for a better place to go to than the other coffee places in the area. Beautiful patio!
5	Stellar combination of craft beer taps and coffee house offerings, with a mellow atmosphere that hits the sport for consuming from either end of the spectrum, or both together in my case.  Pretzel was moist and chewy, though the accompaniments were undersized in portion I thought.  Prices are within normal range.  Parking was minimal in the lot, but ample parking on Bishop during the daytime.   Hope they expand to a larger range of food options, even if some are low-prep options.  Just more choices in general for food are needed, I think.
4	Sip was a really sweet spot and I think I was able to try all aspects of it. I started with just getting an espresso and taking in the cool vibe of the place. It's got both indoor an outdoor seating although it was definitely too hot to be out there. They have table, bar, and couch seating. The espresso was good but as the day went on I realized they offer flights of beer. So I decided to try three of them. When I was talking to the guy at the bar, though, he really didn't know much about them. So I just tried 3 random ones and wasn't disappointed.After the beers, I felt like I needed some food, so I got one of Sip's homemade soft-pretzel. It was amazing. It comes with either mustard or cheese and the mustard was great. It was the perfect snack with either coffee or beer.I can see how sip can easily transition from place to work into a place to drink. This is a great little local spot for either of your caffeine or alcohol fixes.
5	Surprised by the breakfast menu in a good way! The breakfast sandwich was sooooo good! Scrambled eggs seem fresh and just made. The everything bagel was soft somehow, not like any bagel shop I've been to. And there's fresh arugula on the sandwich. I forgot how much I like arugula! And what can I saw about the fritata with bacon and a sauce that's spicy and perfect. I'll just quote my picky wife, "oh..! This is the best fritata I've ever had!"
4	Very cool place.  Nice craft beer selection and their lemonade is great.
5	Awesome beer selection.  Cartel American Pale Ale tasted great!  19 drafts with a great happy hour.  They have their own version of a Moscow Mule that is on the happy hour menu.  My wife and I shared the Bruschetta for only $5!! This place is awesome, I would recommend stopping in for a coffee at 8am or for an awesome drink.
5	Love this place! The staff is always friendly and they have great  beers on tap. Can't ask for much more! They serve cartel coffee and beer, btw! We had the bruschetta, but would loved to try more food, just had dinner afterwards planned. Definitely stop by this place!
5	Love, love, love this (not so) little coffee shop!  If you are walking South on Scottsdale Road and looking for a cool place to just "hang" a bit, keep walking until you get to SIP (at the corner of Goldwater and Scottsdale Roads).  I love it for so many reasons, mostly because it is cool, but not modern, and hip, but not hipster.  The Staff is friendly and genuine.  And to be very frank, I was completely surprised that I loved the Iced Cartel Americano.  OK, I 've had Americano at Cartel, and I SWEAR it doesn't taste nearly as good!  And the vibe is much, much better.  It's "homier" than the "I'm-so-creative-I-don't-even-have-an-office" coffee shop crowd.  And I love that I can bring my dog!  :-)
2	Oh Sip, why must you let me down so?I went to this place four different times, trying beer and coffee and snacks. I'll try to keep this short:Pros:-Cool aesthetic -Cool conceptCons:-Service. Consistently poor here. It's odd. There is no sense of urgency from any employee, and while I like the laid back style, at some point it shouldn't take 10 minutes for an iced coffee to be prepared, with no line ahead of you. On each and every visit, it was just a shit-show of service. On two occasions, and owner was sitting at the bar, either talking to friends, or another time a vendor. As the line grew from one customer, to four, finally the owner got up and started helping his employee, who was clearly in the weeds. Listen, I get that you have to order stuff, and take care of the business side, but if you ignore the paying customers who are right there- then soon you won't have a need for vendors. I say that with all due respect, and I hope the advice is heeded.-Products, so the iced vanilla latte (three of them) never had any vanilla flavor that I could detect. All three occasions I couldn't detect any vanilla, and while I don't need to be clubbed over the head with flavor- a hint would be nice. I had some coffee cake which was super dry, to the extent that it should be served with a red flag warning.I tried to order pizza one time, but then saw the person in back lean into a freezer to pull some component out to heat and serve. I quickly cancelled that order- if you can't do fresh- don't bother.In closing- I want this place to succeed- the Dale needs indie places, but they MUST start paying attention to detail. If they don't do that, and get a sense of urgency- this place will close, and all their hard work will be for nada.
2	Atmosphere is pretty nice (a mix between hipster loft and Scottsdale club). Beer selection is decent (better than the average restaurant). Food, however, was very disappointing. I am just glad we were there during happy hour and only paid $7 for our clearly frozen (digiorno) pizza.
5	Sip Coffee & Beer House is truly a hidden gem at the edge of Old Town, and such a relaxing escape! The acoustics inside are fantastic; you can vibe to the varied selection of music they play overhead, while still being able to hold a conversation with the people around you. The decorations are eclectic, and much of the furniture appears to be from the 70s, but it holds up the atmosphere as a comfortable zone to gather with friends. The coffee is fresh and delicious and they have an incredible selection of beers and wines on tap! The baristas are incredibly nice and social as well. I can't emphasis enough how great of a spot this place is, and would recommend it over even Cartel as a place to grab a caffeinated or alcoholic beverage and chill out!
5	This is the absolute best bar and coffee shop in Scottsdale:) I love it and am here way too much;) best drinks and coffee!!!;)
5	I will take a stand here.   If anyone should be so idiotic as to post negative here. It is safe come on down shortly thereafter, because they won't be back and you are going to be stoked that you have chosen so well. I may never give 5 stars again RL
5	Great place! Adorable inside. Spoke to the owner for a while- super friendly. Food was great and the coffee was excellent. The pork belly and waffle sandwich was tasty! Def will be back!
3	Went here for brunch with my boyfriend and it was exactly what I expected. Cool decor but very average food and coffee.  I'd recommend this place if you just want to try something new
5	FINALLY!  A true coffee place with a PNW vibe!  Sure I miss home, but want to live HERE!  This place is perfect, and so close to my casa.  The atmosphere was great, vibe was on point and service most excellent.  Hubs (who is picky) said "best waffles EVAAAA"....I loved my breakfast burrito.  Wish you had more on lunch menu, but I am sure it will grow.  Super hipster.  Love it!  Will be back asap to try the beer.  LOVED the coffee!!!!!
5	This place is adorable! The decor is a lil hipster and rustic.  It is a quiet place with a great internet connection so if you're looking for a place to get work done, this is it. The staff is wonderful and genuinely nice, not fake nice like Starbucks and other major chains. PLUS, they serve alcohol so after you're done working you can move straight into play
5	This is my new favorite spot!!! I love everything, from the coffee to the decor and laid back vibe. The guys that run it are pretty friendly too and they sell beer too!
4	I went here today with my husband for a late breakfast. I've been it pop over but never had the time to go and today was the perfect day for that. There is a small parking lot, but not many spaces. With the other restaurants popping up right next to it, I can see that parking will be an issue in the future, if it's not already.I loved the decor. They did a great job with creating different areas to sit and different type of sitting and interactions. The outside is nice. Although it's very 'hipster', it's super clean. I LOVE that. One thing I don't like about Cartel is that everything is hardly staying together. It's very dirty there. But Sip is great. They have a nice beer selection and coffee too. We had a breakfast sandwich, breakfast burrito, iced coffee, and a cinnamon swirl cake. The cake was AMAZING. May need to stop by during lunch to get it again... or every day =]The burrito was good and although unusual to add sausage, it was nice. I liked that they gave you tomatillo salsa (could be tangier) and sour cream. Tomatillo salsa doesn't get enough credit. I would give them a 5 if they didn't have cartel. I find their beans to be sour and not the freshest. Will definitely be going back here again for group nights and lunch during work. I would also like to go during the nights they have open mic and music events. That's one thing I miss from Tucson- coffee shops were a place to meet new people and learn something new. Kudos, Sip!Their kiosk is also cool. Looking into doing the same thing for my business.I had planned to take a photo of the cake but it was gone before I could snap a photo! SO GOOD.
5	I stop in about once or twice a week. It a stop in the afternoon before an evening event usually. The place is usually hoping with a variety of folks, most engaged in what look like meet ups with collaborators, clients or friends. The music is always upbeat. I usually get a tea, they brew the teas on the spot. It takes a few minutes but well worth the wait. You can order salty or sweet snacks if that's what you are looking for. The staff is always ready with a friendly welcome, and bring your beverages to the eclectic variety of tables and chairs. There is even a sofa to relax in. There is a large selection of beers on tap for that that want something stronger. From what I can tell by other's reaction its always tasty.  There is a little meeting room of sorts in the back corner, I've seen at least eight or so people fit there is that is something you are looking for.
5	Good music, excellent decor, and best coffee in area.  Cartel is locally roasted and they brew them well.  You can taste the quality. Has a small breakfast and lunch menu with good choices using high quality ingredients.  Very good choices of beer and a full bar.
1	I had ice coffee paid three fifty! then asked for refill the guy said it's brewed for 24 hours and can't do it! He said it's a special way to make coffee and he has to charge me another three fifty! Glad Starbucks only charges $.50 cents
5	Went here for the first time yesterday it was a cool little spot very interesting blend coffee and beer but it works it was clean and the service was good I will be back
5	Awesome environment, drinks and decor. Nice place to study, catch up with friends, play board games, listen to music, etc. Favorite new coffee house!
5	5 star joint...nothing less. Met a group of ladies tonight to socialize, have a dragon-something beer from Tucon, and hummus.  Yum!
4	Good place for late night cappuccino and to hang out. Patio out in the front. Entertaining to see a guy being "booted out" because it looked like he was over his drinking limit. Things that make you go hmmmm....;)
4	Good ice coffee! They were blasting 1D which made me want to drill a hole in my head. I'll definitely be back to try out their beer selection!
5	In a way I feel like I should wait before reviewing this place. I stopped in here at about 10:30 on a Friday night, which is right before Sip closes (they technically close at 11, but they stayed open a good 20-30 minutes past that when I was here), but everything was so awesome in that short amount of time that I'm gonna go ahead and give them five stars!I've been wanting to stop in here for awhile, and too be honest, I've mostly wanted to stop in the morning or afternoon for a coffee and/or food (and I'll be doing that at some point!), but the opportunity presented itself randomly on a Friday night so I stopped in for a couple beers.I loved the atmosphere. There's lots of space (both indoors & a patio), with comfortable chairs and couches. The staff is extremely friendly & outgoing. Since it was near the end of the night there were only a couple people working, but the guy working behind the bar (I believe his name was Alex...for as much as we talked to him I really should remember) was very outgoing. He seemed to know a lot about both the beers on tap & bottled beers & made my friend I was w/his own whiskey concoction, which she really liked. Speaking of whiskey, I was actually surprised this place even served liquor (I believe they only have whiskey). I just assumed they were beer & wine, but apparently they're not. Like I said, I really need to try some other things here to get more of a feel for this place, but I really liked what I saw & tasted in the short amount of time I stopped in for. One last thing I should point out that I really like about this place is the hours. I actually LIKE that they close early (compared to bars). They attract a different crowd because of it, and if you're only looking to have a couple drinks it's a good place to start the night or just catch up with friends for a bit.
4	Definitely a cute place. I love the used furniture and eclectic decor. My mom and I stopped in here for breakfast and coffee. The coffee was pretty good. The breakfast offerings are minimal and a bit over-priced in my opinion for how small they were. I'm still a bit perplexed on the idea of this place... Is it a drink place with just a couple bite items? It's it a coffee lounge to bring your laptop to? It's not a restaurant... It isn't a breakfast spot or dinner spot. I dunno maybe I will have to go again to figure it out.
5	This place rocks. And if the owner is the hot hipster I think he is, it's well worth 15 minute drive. I read a lot of you bitching about the pizza. If you don't like frozen pizza, then for fuck's sake don't order it. It's not a full blown restaurant, it's a place for small snacks, amazing coffee and beer. I've lived in Arizona since January and before finding this place was starting to get really sad the only place to have coffee was Starbucks. This area needs more independent businesses like this one. If you're going to bitch about loud music and how low the A/C is, then bring headphones and a flipping jacket. It's not tough. Or here's an idea... stay home.
5	I've walked past this place several times and decided that tonight, while out on a walk with my dog that we'd stop by for a quick drink. After seeing on yelp Sip allows dogs, I was excited to try it out. Since it was almost closing time I ordered an ice coffee and a cup of water for my dog. I was quickly given my coffee and was told they would bring the water out to me for my dog. I was pleased to see a water bowl brought out to the patio for my four-legged friend! While I did not catch the employees name, he quickly made my nervous dog at ease. The employee even went inside and got my dog a piece of bacon as a treat! Inside there was a trivia night going on. Looked like a lot of fun. Can't wait to try some food and a beer next time I stop by... With my dog of course!
4	1. They totally have bulletproof coffee which no one has keto on!!2. It was cheat day had the breakfast sandwich was dank but I think it had some sort of vigaigrette on there was lovely like tomatoes in not sure if it's the placement on the bagel (towards the bottom ) but it left it kind of soggy after a minute (still completely yum) 3. Note the stars on the menu may mean it's either only avail on Saturday or Sunday or that it's limited quantitiesOther than that chill vibe decent tunes and the beer list could be somewhere in Colorado kinda expensive but such is Scottsdale There's def a normal crowd or a lot of people just know each other
5	It's a shame I didn't discover this place until recently. The exterior is kind of sketchy/janky, so for the longest time I thought it was a drug front. Then, one casual Sunday when I was on a Yelp-fueled coffee house extravaganza, I saw Sip had many 5 star reviews. It was only then with the assurance of Yelpers Phoenix-wide, that I dared venture inside and discovered it is a #trendy #hipster PARADISE! I love it here! Great ambiance, great cool brew, great fake flowers, great painted mason jars, great conversation, great staff, great fun signs on the wall, great Instagramming opportunities. I LOVE THIS PLACEEE and it's not a drug front (that I know of)!!!
4	This place was really cool! The decor was vintage and a very open environment, the overall atmosphere was very chill. Love the idea of a coffee and Beer house!! Amazing. We went for the coffee and breakfast, coffee was awesome and they had a lot of options. The breakfast menu was a bit more limited, would have liked to see a few more options. Wish they had one of these in Boston!
5	Honestly, I know they use Cartels roast. But I truly believe Sip's baristas make better use of Cartels unique roast, than the Cartel baristas do. By this I mean, the coffee tastes better here, it still has that Cartel flavor, but it's less bitter and more fruity. I think they put more time/effort into pouring a proper coffee than Cartel does itself. Relaxing environment, free wifi, unique, comfortable and great coffee.
4	Once in a while I give myself a time to drink and night life, and I finally I found one of the places that I can hang out with my friends to have a good night weekend! I love the ambiance, the atmosphere was not too loud, very nice outdoor patio.Tamales $3.50 - Thumbs up!And lastly, what I like here they called it Happy hour. Cool!!!HAPPY HOUREveryday 4pm-7pm$1 Off All Draft Wine$1 Off All Draft Beer$6 Whisky Mules$5 Bruschetta$5 Hummus
3	Nice ambience, good drinks and drafts, and also bring in some good live music weekends. Pleased how South Scottsdale is coming of its own. Need to keep the standard high when it comes to coffee, beer, and happy hour.
5	This is one of my favorite spots in Old Town. Very laid back vibe. A breath of fresh air in Douchedale. Great place to grab coffee or a draft beer. The staff is friendly and they have live music on occasion. The patio is my favorite. I can hang out with my dogs and enjoy a good IPA. Huzzah.
4	Sampling some local coffee houses during a slow week. Not many local joints in South Scottsdale, but this one on the corner is very pleasant. The hazlenut latte I ordered was well presented and tasty and the back patio was pleasant enough with not alot of people clogging the seats after 9am. It was about 4 bucks for the latte and I even glimpsed a hummingbird. It almost reminded me a country meadow, until the DB with his daddy's BMW came cruising into the lot.UPDATE: Cinnamon Coffee cake thingy was stale. AVOID at 4 bucks. Hummingbird Garden has been trimmed too.
1	Service is less than adequate. Food comes out in stages. Get ready to serve yourself. Waitress is horrible. Although, music  by J. Strickland was great. Not only does he sing but he serves our country in the military !!
4	Very cute coffee shop. Wish they had a few soda options. Food has always been good. Kinda a pain to get in and out if their parking lot.
4	I was a little hesitant going to a coffee shop in Scottsdale, but was surprised by the friendly staff. First off, the parking situation is less than ideal. There were hardly any customers inside and still no parking available. I arrived on a Monday morning to get homework done, and luckily there were quite a few tables and free wifi. There's plenty of patio seating, and the decor is colorful and eclectic in the best way. I ordered a cold brew which was a tad more acidic than I'd have preferred. No worries. Next time I'll spring for a latte because I'm definitely coming back. A friend and I shared a breakfast sandwich and it seriously hit the spot- like a fancier deli style bagel sandwich. We paid $6 for it so the prices weren't too steep.I will definitely come back to grab a latte, maybe a beer (their selection was really impressive).Overall: Iffy parking, great decor, friendly service, good food.
4	This place is beyond cute... the decor is spot on with the mix of vintage pieces, mismatched furniture, and 'hipster' -y decor. I only had a latte here, but it was a good coffee. They use Cartel, but they do a good job foaming the milk to the point where it is very rich and creamy. I would come back for coffee. They also have many beers available (very nice), so I would like to come back to try that. It might not be the best place to hang out and get work done as it is very loud, but it would be a fun place to hang out at with friends. Check this place out!PS Love the bathrooms - chalkboard walls FTW!PPS Pulling in to the lot of this place is a little difficult if you're coming from the south and don't know where it is.... it is right at the point where Scottsdale diverts into Scottsdale and Goldwater.... you can turn in from either street, but Goldwater would probably be easier (since it's on the right then).
4	Great place to grab a coffee or beer, or both... And/Or a snack. Breakfast is great. I love the idea of all the happy themed activities (open mic night, rock and bingo) but have yet to check them out. The morning/afternoon coffee vibe is relaxing and mellow. Not sure how it is in the evenings, but can't wait to check it out. Overall, this place has a similar atmosphere to the original orange table, which I really liked before it changed owners. I realize you have to pay more for local, but the only thing keeping me from going with five stars for SIP is that I think the prices are slightly inflated only because they are selling local products. I'm ok with that in general, but at some point there's a limit to how much one can reasonably charge for a fairly common item - like a bagel and cream cheese. Check it out, it's worth a stop, and the coffee easily rivals corporate coffee across the street.
5	I really love cafes that allow for a good study environment. There are many cafes that are starting to put locks over their wall sockets so that you can't recharge your laptop. This place is amazing. The baristas are inviting and the decor is awesome. I got the breakfast burrito (which was amazing) and the cold brew. The cold brew was good, but it didn't have a strong bite. Might have just been the specific type of bean they used. Either way, this place is awesome. I didn't get chance to try and of the beer but the prices and selection looked good. I would totally come back in the future.
4	Discovered this little gem a couple months ago and have since been several times. Cartel coffee is a win, though I tried their version of Bulletproof (which I do at home) and it tasted awful.Love the little patio and inside sofas that look like they belonged to my late grandmother sans the plastic coversThey also have beers on tap so I'll need to check it out later in the day...can't really justify an 8am brew on a Tuesday
3	Decor looks like it's trying too hard to be hipster. The coffee was decent. I had a cappuccino and the foam just wasn't done right. But disregarding that, the coffee is nice and nutty with an almost sweet after taste. Price-wise it is closer to what one would get in SF. Ie, pricey for this part of the country.
4	So happy my son introduced us to this place. Best of all worlds - outdoor dog-friendly patio, great coffee & tea selection, beer and pretzels from next door, and live music on a sunny afternoon. What more can you ask for? Service is friendly, and this spot just hit the spot. Great vibe.
4	Such a great neighborhood coffee and beer shop!  We stopped in this weekend and snagged a table on the large, pet friendly patio.  Our pooch enjoyed hanging out with us and the staff was very welcoming.  They have a really nice coffee and beer list...definitely a few unique choices too.  I could get used to hanging out at Sip!
5	Sip is appropriately hip. I wish this trendy place originated when I was in college at ASU, I might have actually studied when I went to a coffee shop. Sip provides a lax environment for business meetings, study sessions, or just day to day meeting up for coffee or craft beer. The patio is dog friendly; therefore my pup is another fan of Sip. The craft beer selection is large; you won't find a beer you can't enjoy. The coffee is amazing if you order it tall or strong, don't mattahhh. Oddly, I enjoy paying at Sip as much as I enjoy lounging because their tip feature has appropriate saying's in order to justify the tip... if you really are only tipping 15% in today's era, the service was just, "allllllllright" If you aren't tipping or tipping the bare minimum, you don't appreciate Sip and what the unique spot has to offer! Because a 30% tip is worth it for the soft pretzel alone.  From the paintings, soap dishes, to every intrinsic detail is what makes Sip so posh and unique. We most definitely frequent the new neighborhood addition with paws and arms wide open!
5	Great place to relax with a coffee or beer.  Very friendly and helpful staff.  Dog friendly patio, free wifi, pastries, sandwiches, snacks.  You feel like you are in your own living room....take a friend or just your laptop.
2	Coffee was awful !!  Tasted like it was there for days and the music is way too loud.  Should have gone to starbucks across the street.
5	After my bad experience at another local south Scottsdale coffee shop many months ago, I had to find a new place to study. Sip had just opened, so I gave it a shot. So glad I did! The atmosphere is trendy but comfortable, and I love that their menu includes coffee, tea, wine, or beer. Plus the menu goes beyond standard coffee shop fare. The bruschetta hits the snack-spot every time!I need to say, though, that this would be a 4.5 star review if that were an option. It is a bit pricey, but should be expected because of the area. Also, the sandwiches can be hit or miss... Had one that was alright and one that was too terrible to eat. Let's go back to thinking about the bruschetta.
5	Great coffee shop!! Altogether really great atmosphere to hang out or work from. Coffee is real good and they have great beer! Worked out of there for 3 days straight.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my first visit to Sip. The environment is hip and very relaxing. Didn't try the food or coffee, which I will come back to do soon but did enjoy having one of their beers on tap. Also, the staff was awesome and very welcoming. They didn't have high chairs for my little one, but offered to go get one at one of the businesses next door. Looking forward to my next visit there
5	Love this place!! Fantastic atmosphere, food, & coffee! Customer service is personable & enjoyable! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	I love this place. They have a very friendly and helpful staff and their coffee and beer are equally wonderful! I played at their Wednesday night "open stage" and I was pleasantly surprised. The scene was very relaxed, inviting, and friendly. I will be back next Wednesday!
5	This is a nice little place tucked away on the south end of Old Town. Great atmosphere and coffee; this is the place to meet a friend or sit for a spell with a good book. I definitely will stop by for another visit whenever I'm in Scottsdale.
4	Great coffee!  Beans are from local Cartel coffee.  Parking is usually a hassle in old town, but there's a large lot across the street for Walgreens and Staples shoppers that I park at.
5	Love the atmosphere here! I usually come to study and drink some of there coffee/tea. I was also surprised to see bulletproof coffee on their menu, and it was definitely good!! I can sit at this coffee place for 6-7 hours studying and not even notice the time go by. It's well worth a visit whether you're studying, catching up with a friend, or going out on a date. Parking is a little tough if it's a crowded day, but across the street there is plenty of parking.
