4	The third in an ongoing series of restaurants I've actually never set foot in.Siu Wok has become a favorite of my colleagues and I as of late. They offer the standard items you'd find at any Chinese restaurant and that's about it. They do it and do it well. Plus they deliver ($15 minimum order), which is of the utmost important when shackled to a workstation 8 hours a day or more. If you can get an order pulled together by 3pm, the offering of lunch combo specials can't be beat. 25 entrees with a side of rice, an eggroll and 2 crab puffs, most combos costing $5.95.One of my favorite dishes is the Pork Chop Suey (not Suey made with Pork Chops, but Chop Suey made with Pork). The veggies are fresh and plentiful and make for great leftovers later in my shift or the next day.I came very close to actually going into Siu Wok once, but it was Sunday and they were closed. Now I know...
3	Ok, Ok, I gave 'em another chance. Let's just say last fall I had a shrimp fried rice that disagreed more with me than Rosie ODonnell disagrees with Anne Coulter. After several hours bowing to the porcelin god, I vowed never to return. Well, everyone deserves a second chance, rice, er, um I mean, right? Plus it SO convienent to my job and home. Pork lo mein has become a fav of mine and I actually crave it. For about $7 I usually have leftovers I can enjoy later. My bf Rickie is a spicy man so he loves spicy food, his craving, the Sun Devil chickien with gobs of jalepenos. We enjoy the crab puffs as well. Pretty standard Chinese fare, but the place lately has been spotless and the service great. It's tiny and probably does more take out and delivery. I say they're worth a shot if you're in the hood. Chow Chow yelpers!
3	I've only ordered once.  I had wonton soup, shrimp fried rice, and sesame chicken.The Soup was very good.  Full of vegetables, beef, chicken, and shrimp.The shrimp fried rice was great, better than I expected.  The flavor of the fried rice was very good and the shrimp were nice big shrimp.  I'd definitely order the fried rice again.The Sesame Chicken, however, was a disappointment.  It was just... not good.Delivery was fast, though there is a 2 dollar fee and a 15 dollar minimum purchase.Food Quality over all was very good, I will order from them again but I'll never order the sesame chicken again.
4	traditional chines take out joint.  how can you really mess up americanized chinese food?  kinda greasy noodles and it tastes good actually-- but that could be my hung-over taste buds talking here.nothing too special.  I mostly gave the 4 stars instead of 3 b/c they deliver pretty far-- I think within a 15 mile radius and they are cheap!!
4	Chinese delivery in central Phoenix! Wow it almost feels like a real city.Almost!The dishes are all Americanized Chinese style as you might find in many family style restaurants in NY and Cali. I suspect most people in China wouldn't recognize any of these dishes. But no worries - it's actually good in a Chinese delivery kind of way. I've had fried rice, a couple shrimp dishes, and also beef and pork. All were very tasty. The shrimp were large, plentiful, and tasted very good. The large egg drop soup earned it's moniker. It's actually large.It's the only game in town in CenPho for Chinese delivery. I'm sure they are doing a brisk business!I've never been inside. I have no idea what it's like. I'm almost scared to find out!Their delivery area is    northern43rd      40thave       st.   Buckeyeand the delivery fee is only $1.50! I suspect that will change.
3	Not bad for Valley Chinese.  Been a few dozen times, as it was next to my old job.Greasy?  Yes.  Tasty?  Yes.  Cheap?  Pretty much.They deliver, which is way cool in my world!The General Chicken is decent.  So is the lo mein.  The place is clean.  Major points for that!Staff is really friendly, too.  I guess it's average, but better than most here in the PHX.
5	Want some fried rice?  A good size serving of yummy, piping hot Chinese food? Look no further.  As my friend from Bangkok used to say, "You like these ?  Five bucks" .  She was talking about jeans, but it's pretty much the same thing.
3	We came in here last night on our never ending quest to help out business in our neighborhood being affected by the light rail construction.   There were no other patrons in the restaurant when we walked in, and the entire staff was sitting at the tables watching TV.  Since they were clearly not busy, I thought "oh boy, I think we might actually get good service for a change".  Ha, I thought wrong.  Now, having lived in China for a number of years, I spoke fluent Mandarin (zhong guo hua) and enough Cantonese (guangzhou hua) to get myself in trouble.  I was quite relieved when a native English speaker came to our table and took our order, as my translating skills tend to get other people plates full of cat or octopus butts.  After she left with our order, I looked at the others and said "I got 5 bucks that says she fucks it up!"  It's too bad nobody took that bet, cause I would be $10 richer right now.  The food we got was pretty good.  I've had better and I've had much worse.  I think next time I order from Siu Wok, I'll follow suit with my other Yelpers and call in for pick-up or delivery.
5	This place is more than wonderful! If you haven't been yet ....GO! The food it great.....especially the Kung Pao Veg. ....and the best part is....you get a ton of food for a great price. ...they also deliver which is really great...and I mean deliver...during the huge storm that hit down town last month I saw the siu wok dude drive through the mess on central and deliver food to people in our building...these people are serious! Go check them out!
3	A-OK!!I've enjoyed take-out from Siu Wok four times now and haven't been disappointed. Very inexpensive for the amount of food you get. I have created 3 meals from one lunch special. The Pepper Steak was really yummy and perfectly spicy. The Kung Pao Steak was quite good as well as the Szechuan Chicken. (I'm noticing a spicy trend here). The lunch specials are served with fried rice, an egg roll and (2) crab puffs. The only thing that annoyed me was the "crab" puffs. OK,  not only is there NO crab in them, there isn't even a hint of "Krab" in them.... you dig?? Call them what they are...... cream cheese puffs, thank you. I'll eat them anyway..... no need for deception. Yesterday I had the Teriyaki Chicken for lunch. I questioned it immediately because it looked *interesting*. I actually joked to my lunch date about what I was eating and that I didn't believe it was chicken at all but in fact the victim of some "ghetto backyard, dove massacre"... alas I was wrong. I'm just not used to eating only dark meat chicken and let me tell you, it was fucking delicious. In closing:good cheap eatscream cheese treatsbomb dark meatsnow if only they had crushed ice.....
3	And now ladies and gentlemen, the category tonight: Things that make Siu-Wok A-OK in my book.Here we go....#10 - I can actually understand the people that answer the phone#9 - The sweet burn on my tongue after eating a mouthful of Kung Pao Chicken#8 - The lack of lasting gastral repercussions from eating said Kung Pao Chicken#7 - The friggin huge area to which they will deliver, for a minimal $2 charge (beware their website says it's a buck-fifty, but the gas crunch is effecting everyone)#6 - The pork fried rice that is literally one part rice mixed with one part tender / tasty pork#5 - The place is actually clean#4 - The coupons attached to the menus that they send to my home at regular intervals#3 -  I can call in an order, hop in my car to pick it up, and be back watching quality reality programming within 15 minutes#2 - They have Mr. Pibb on tapAnd the number 1 thing that makes Siu-Wok A-OK in my book...Eight... yes count 'em, eight, yummy soups that they will deliver to my door when I just can't bring myself to change out of my pajamas!!!
4	i am so happy with Siu Wok.the food was yummy, got Pepper Steak, pork fried rice and tangerine beef.the Pepper steak was seasoned right, mild spicyness and the sauce was exactly what i was looking for. vegies were still crisp and the meat was tender.the tangerine beef was awesome. orangy but not overly orange. sweet in the best way, long red chili peppers soaking in the sauce. yum. the meat was fried crispy but  was still tender. just the way i like my tangerine beef.the fried rice was great. nothing too fancy. just perfect. the egg rolls were tasty and seemed fresh.for the above it was around 23 bucks. very affordable.the best part about the whole thing. they deliver. OMG!! chinese food delivered. Phoenix is a real city now. the delivery range is from 40th street to 40 ave, bethany home to broadway. all in all a very good experiance and i will be ordering more from them. probably often.
3	They deliver downtown, hell yeah!The food here has never been that great, but it has never been bad. They offer the traditional america/chinese menu at affordable prices, but they make you pay a minimum to deliver it which is understandable. Yay!
3	FINALLY-Chinese delivery downtown!!!  Or any non pizza-hut delivery for that matter....I'm one of the weirdos who lives downtown but works in Tempe so basically I don't get to experience the amazing places Downtown that are only open for lunch.  This place closes up by 5pm!  So finding any delivery on a Saturday night is nearly impossible and eating at all on Sunday is Safeway, Fresh and Easy or bust.Anywho thanks to Yelp I found this place.  They apparently deliver to what feels like everywhere. The food came freakishly fast.  It was cheap, portions are great and food was quite tasty.My mom's boyfriend (who could and does eat for an Army) ordered this for me from Wisconsin and had it delivered to my house (typical weekend thing... they miss me and so they send me food... its the Wisconsin way to say "love") so keep in mind that he eats a ton when I say what HE ordered, not me....1) Chicken Lo Mein (delicious!)2) Chicken Egg Rolls (haven't eaten them yet but they look yummy)3) Orange Chicken Combo platter (which came with orange chicken, fried rice, egg roll, crab puffs and chicken lo mein) which was really yummy.  Previous yelpers have stated that the "crab puff" is really a "cream cheese puff" which is great for me because I'm deathly allergic to shellfish but keep that in mind.4) Chicken fried rice - haven't even gotten to it yet but my boyfriend had quite a helping and liked it.5) Chicken lettuce wraps - also haven't eaten it yet but the lettuce looks really fresh, there's plenty of it which I find I always run out when I order lettuce wraps from places like PF Changs, the filling looks yummy, and theres plenty of oyster sauce on the side to go with it.6) BBQ pork - had a bite, doesn't taste like BBQ pork but I'm not really sure what Chinese BBQ pork is supposed to taste like.... it was more like spiced Chinese brown sauce over pork. Either way it was tasty!I think that's about all he ordered for me (gee, think I got enough food).Overall: not orgasmically amazing but really really good considering it's Downtown Chinese delivery!
4	I finally ate all the food I got from Siu Wok the other day and want to give it more stars.  Everything really was delicious.  I don't know if I'll ever know what "authentic" chinese food is supposed to taste like but as far as what I consider to be Chinese food, it was all top notch.  Exceeded my expectations for an Arizona Downtown Chinese delivery joint.  I'll be ordering from them again very soon.
4	I hated chinese food when i was a kid.  My mother and aunt ordered the stuff like every weekend, when I wanted Pizza Hut instead.  But I can still remember all those old ghetto chinese food joints, with sticky floors and bullet-proof glass.  Why anyone would trust anything coming out of such seemingly dirty holes in the walls is a matter which would be ideal for philosphers world-wide...yet these kinds of places offer the best chinese food you can find.I'm not on the south side of Chicago anymore, but I work in central Phoenix...I had to ask around, and I also had to use the actualy term 'ghetto chinese food' to finally find what I was looking for.Siu Wok is the closest thing I could find.What's ghetto chinese food?  Big portions.  Low prices.  No frills.  Nothing complicated.  Siu Wok hits all these, but in a nice and clean and respectful kind of way (read as: no bullet-proof glass).I've only ordered lunch specials, so I've paid no more than $7 here ever.  Ordered three times so far.  They have won 2 times out of 3.  I'll tell you about their only loss.It was sweet and sour pork.  Just bland and fit for cutting up and feeding to baby/dog.  I mean, no distinct flavor at all.  The sauce was orange water with sugar and vinegar in it.  The pork was tender, but the breading was like brown paper.  Just not good at all.But the wins were indeed wins.  The curry chicken was major yummy, as was the almond chicken.  Both had great sauce and tender chicken.  However, the almond chicken was not what I'm used to.  I like the kind with breaded chicken strips, but this had just the naked stir-fried chicken.  But it was good!  The prices for the lunch specials are perfect - around $6-7.  I've only done pick-up, but I've never had to wait for my food.  The inside of the place is surprisingly clean, bright, and comfy.  Service is always friendly.  The parking can be a challenge at peak lunch hours...just bring a tank and park on TOP of someone else's vehicle.Oh, and I think its neat that they give you 2 little cream puffs along with your egg roll (average egg roll flavor, but not bad).  Its not ghetto as I like it (food not as greasy, no fear for one's life, no dark corners with questionable contents) but its good lunch-time eating.
4	so my girlfriend HATES chinese and I LOVE it. i of course am that one that suffers due to an insufficient intake of chinese food. BUT i did my gilfriend a huge favor and she in turn bought me dinner, and wanted to give this place a shot, mostly because we were tired and didn't want to go anywhere and they deliver (!!!!!!!!). well, my extremely picky chinese-food hating girlfriend actually dug the meal. she ordered the lemon chicken (sauce on the side, extra lemon wedges) and white rice, and i got the szchewaun chicken combo with lo mein, fried rice, crab puff, and egg roll. my other friend who was with us went with the kung pao chicken combo. all three were equally amazing. well, I didn't too much care for the dry "lemon" chicken that my gf ordered, but she is hella picky and they made it just how she likes it so she was happy with hers. I was very satisfied with my spicy szchewaun chicken that came with zucchini, peppers, and water chestnuts, and was even more impressed by the delicious lo mein on the side. rice is rice, it was good.great price and great food. definitely my go to chinese place now. and i'm even more excited that i'll be able to eat it more often now that they've satisfied a previous chinese food hater. yay siu wok!
1	So I don't know where all these people are normally getting their Chinese food but this place is GOD AWFUL and I really think the owners have paid these people who have reviewed this place with me. I wouldn't eat here again if you paid me. I got the panflet sent to me in the mail and it actually delivers to my apartment which is rare so I figured why not? FAIL!!!! I should have taken my normal 10 minute drive up to Indian School. First off the women answering the phone was rude but I digress. Second off this place is not cheap and I wound up paying almost 30 bucks for little portions of god awful food.The Hot and sour soup is awful. I couldn't eat it. Who puts pork into that soup? It wasn't even spicy!!! It also smelled terrible. It looked like a mish mosh of whatever they had lying around the kitchen and then they soaked it in the leftover eggdrop soup.  It didn't contain the usual mix of chinese mushrooms that you would normally find along with that dark brown chili broth that I live for.The fried rice was dry as a bone and the expensive 10.95 pu-pu platter was a few pieces of dry overcooked pork, 1 ghetto chicken wing that we were afraid to eat and these measly little dried shrimps. The egg rolls were dry, tasteless and inedible.I ordered the orange chicken and I seriously think that they pre-ordered this stuff from some ready- made food company and microwaved it because it started to make me nauseous. And now the dumplings.....It says we were suppose to get 8 and the pictures looked good..what we got was 6 shriveled little things and I don't even want to venture with whats inside. I am from New York and have had my share of bad and good Chinese and I know I will not get the quality of good NYC Chinese food in Phoenix but this is just bad, overpriced food, with a nasty receptionist and I will NEVER eat here again!!Pass the Maalox please!!!
5	This is just about a weekly stop for me now, and I can't see any good reason not to give them 5 stars.The food is always fresh, always a generous portion, and always made quickly.  I'm always pleased with the HUGE pieces of meat they have in their dishes and the freshness of their vegetables.  Aside from that one disappointing sweet and sour pork order, I've gotten nothing but gems from Siu Wok.  Best in the area.
3	Amy D told me to go here so I never even bothered to read her 3-star review.  Probably would have reconsidered if I had seen that.  I ordered the orange chicken and it was a bunch of small chicken balls covered in orange goo.  The fried rice was missing the other stuff that usually comes in fried rice.  It took them 15 minutes to make it which was fine since we called ahead and it takes about that long to get there.  I'll just say it - China Chili is better in ever way.  I might come back here but everything about China Chili is better.
5	Best wonton soup I've ever had!   Huge portion full of wontons, broccoli, veggies, shrimp, pork, and chicken.   Absolutely delicious.  Ask for it spicy!Only problem with Siu Wok is they close for a month around the Chinese New Year.
4	In some thread a long time ago, Amy D said this place was way better than China Chili.  I was dubious to say the least.  We decided to try it for take out one night and see if the strange little place next to FEZ was good or not.  Well, my verdict is it's pretty great!  Not China Chili Orange Chicken spicy ok great, but it was really yummy.When we ordered, my eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach and I ordered, and consequently ate, way too much.  I got a small order of egg flower soup, which is actually pretty big, and the Honey Walnut Shrimp Dinner Combo.  Just saying that is a mouthful.  Anyway, the fried rice that came with the combo was just meh.  The Chicken Lo Mein was really tasty and could be a stand alone dish.  The Egg Rolls were really yummy and if I hadn't eaten too much already I would have ate the other one I traded for Crab Puffs.  I hate crab puffs so I didn't eat them.  The shrimp were yummy!  They don't have any breading or anything so that was a big plus and the totally bad for you sweet and tangy mayo sauce was awesome.  The walnuts were good too.  The best part of my meal though was the Egg Flower Soup.  It was FANTASTIC!  I've been dying to find a really good egg drop/flower soup for a long time now, because it's my favorite thing to eat when I'm sick.  I have finally found it.I will most definitely be getting take out from Siu Wok again, and probably many many many more orders of soup.
4	Is this the best Chinese food I have ever had?  Nope.But it is the best delivery of any food type I have had in Phoenix.The minimum order is $15.  The delivery charge is $2.  The delivery area is large and the packing is thoughtful!That's right.  I always have leftovers and these kept.  I ordered egg foo young and it was divided into its three components.  Egg patties in one box, rice in another, with meat and veggies in a tupperware!The other impressive thing... the driver figured out my apartment complex.  When I order delivery of any variety I always explain the gate system and leave my code for the driver so I can buzz them in.  And 9 times out of ten a driver calls me and asks me to come down and get my food.  GRRRRR.  Delivery means to my door and nothing less. My door is nowhere near the gates.  Siu Wok gets it done right!Now if only they were open at 10pm on Sundays.
3	I used to eat here once or twice a week when I worked across the street, because let's face it, there's seriously nothing else worth eating within walking distance of there.  It's pretty standard Chinese take-out fare.  Great prices, good portions, OK food... Nothing wrong with that.The House Chicken is full of win.  I've tried a couple other things on the menu, but those delicious bits of sauce-covered chicken became my staple there for awhile.
4	They give you a lot of food for a reasonable price.  However, the service is not very friendly.
5	This is the finest china feast you will get in Phoenix.When Fortune Cookie Buffet on 5th ave and camelback burned down back in the 90's, it took my heart and appetite with the flames.Just like the legendary bird in which our city was named for, from the ashes of my belly, a new hunger has been born.For those of you wanting some legit american style chinese food, I strongly recommend the Sweet and Sour Beef dinner combo.  This combo comes with very generous portions of all of these below listed items:  S&S Beef, Fried Rice, Chicken Lo Mein, 1 egg roll, 2 crab puffs.Yes, I said beef. No, I am not sharing.You won't be disappointed, I leave this restaurant with a full belly and smile of contentment every visit.
5	I remember trying this place 2 years ago and I was not impressed. About a month ago I decided to give them another chance, and tried the Kung Pao Chicken, and since then I have literally been back 6-7 times. For the price it's the best Kung Pao I have ever had. The vegetables are fresh, the sauce is unique and there's plenty of peanuts, an ingredient that imo makes or breaks a good Kung Pao. Their lunch and dinner combos come with fried rice something I don't care for but their fired rice isn't bad at all.
4	Gotta admit, this is a great place for take out.  Our whole office orders from them and they are quick, yummy and cheap.  It's our go-to take out place!
4	OMG very delicious shrimp with walnuts!  Wait to order after 5p, spend $15 and get free crab puffs! Sooo awsome. Service is always speedy, friendly and accurate. You won't be disappointed. My love feels he's had the best orange chicken ever.
2	I grabbed some lunch here while cruising the downtown area. The food was pretty cheap, but you could tell. Everything tasted like grease, so much so that I finished about 1/4 of my meal and threw it away, and paid for it the rest of the afternoon with an upset stomach. If you have an iron stomach and need a quick bite to eat, this might be an ok place to go, but I wouldn't go out of my way (at all) to come here.
2	I've tried this place a few times and the foods alright. Just your average chinese place .. nothing to brag about!
4	I used to get Siu Wok a lot.  Dear God do they give you a lot of food.  You also pay almost 9 dollars for a combination dinner.  So I guess they better provide some generous portions.  I usually go for a chicken, the sesame or orange.  Both are really good.  The best thing in the whole platter is the lo mein.  I didn't really like lo mein until Siu Wok's.  Less a statement about Siu Wok and more about my reluctance.  If you have self-control and can save half the combo for a lunch tomorrow or have someone to share with, Siu Wok is unbeatable when it comes to takeout.
4	Siu wok is a clean, fast, and decent chinese take out option for cenpho foodies.I still havent found truly authentic and amazing Chinese food in Az. but this is about as good as a chinese-american take out place you could ask for. They have some really great deals as far as lunch options and combo meals are considered, and their wait staff is attentive and subservient to say the least. I would say that this is really an 3 star "A-Ok" type of joint, but the clean atmosphere, cheap prices, and portion size here really bumped it up another star. It's always hard to rate Az chinese restaurants, as I feel like that isnt something that we do so well down in the SW, as compared to the NW or cali, so maybe my rating is a little askew. However I will say this: be you in central Phoenix one night, and if you feel like some comforting chinese take out that isnt overly greasy, than Siu Wok is a perfectly viable option.The Lo-Mein, cold, straight outta the fridge the next morning is a wonderful breakfast.
5	SuiWok is cheap, the food is great, and there's always leftovers.  Mmmm, leftovers.
5	Super fast delivery... curry beef was amazing! Large portions for the money!
5	Sui Wok Chinese Food, (next door to FEZ on Central) is really good! ....Don't let the smallness of the size of the place , nor the bright flouresant lights fool you.... I was surprisingly impressed with the food.  :)
2	I've had food delivered from this place probably a total of 5 times.  Each time, it get progessively worse.   This time, we placed an order from my office and of the 3 orders, all were incorrect...items missing, wrong rice, etc.  Not to mention, the chicken in each of the 4 different chicken dishes I've ordered is really cheap and dry, the end pieces of dark meat covered in sauce do not make them edible.  Yes it's cheap and it's great that they deliver, but I won't be ordering from them again.
4	Great lunch specials and combos.  Their shrimp combos are great and the prices are always spot on.  Would highly recommend.
5	soooooo good!!!!!  I love eating in my jamms with my sweet baby!!!!   just ordered moo shu pork!  I cant wait!!!!
4	One of the only Chinese places I like in the valley. I always go with the #12 lunch combo, the chicken and broccoli. It is delicious and the spring rolls are great too. I highly recommend Siu Wok if you're looking for a Chinese fix during lunch.
1	The worst! icky! I stopped by for lunch on a Friday afternoon. Ordered General Chicken "for here." They brought it to my table all packaged up and when I told her I was eating "in" I was informed they only serve lunch all packaged up (I guess its mainly a takeout place). . The chicken was gooey with no sauce to speak of. The rice was cold and hard in 2 scoops. No flavor at all.  The broccoli was so overcooked it was no longer green and smelled like poo. I'll never ever try again here. Definitely don't recommend.
4	I've had a lot of delivery chinese food in Phoenix and in Scottsdale and I have to say, this place really impressed me.  I usually dread spending the amount of money I usually spend only to get ALMOST mediocre food.  I ordered the moo shoo chicken from this place and it was fantastic!  The war won ton soup was also very good and the noodles are amazing.  A spring roll came with the combo meal as did 3 crab puffs...minus the crab.  They were delicious as well.  You get A LOT of food for the money and it is MUCH better than other delivery chinese around the valley.  If you're in the area and looking for a chinese fix, definitely check this place out.
5	This place never ceases to amaze me with their delicious food. Yes it sucks they are closed on Sundays, however I make sure to get in there some other day for sure. I've loved everything I've had, lemon chicken, orange chicken, mongolian beef, beef and broccoli, sweet and sour chicken, teriyaki chicken, egg rolls, crab puffs, fried rice, and chicken lo mein. Can't go wrong in this place, at least not that I've experienced. It is very small and dated, but the food will impress. The prices are also cheap for the amount of food and quality of everything on the plate. Lemon chicken is my favorite thing, the sauce is a light sweet coating on the well fried chicken.
1	Pretty blah and almost downright bad.  I went in and ordered take out:   one order of the Mongolian Beef and the Teriyaki Chicken.  I was barely able to eat the Mongolian Beef it was so blah and the beef was rubbery.  I took one bite of the slimy-looking Teriyaki Chicken and decided to feed it to the stray cats outside -- they haven't taken the bait yet...  The rice that comes with the meal is miniscule in serving size but I guess that's a good thing since it was already pre-smothered in cheap soy sauce and it had the texture of Minute Rice, not long cook sticky rice.  Each order comes with some crab puffs, but they were over-fried and almost burnt in oil.  Also, each order comes with one eggroll, but it tastes like a frozen store-bought eggroll that was likewise overfried and almost burnt in oil.The portions were okay (except for the rice on the side), but who cares -- since the food was lame?The interior of the restaurant was also very unappealing; you wouldn't want to sit there and eat.  The tables, chairs and floor were all sticky like they hadn't been cleaned well for a long time.It's a real shame, because with a location like that on Central in midtown along the Light Rail line they should SHINE and be a GOLDMINE, but they have taken their opportunities and locale and completely WASTED AND TRASHED them by being lame in every respect for an Asian restaurant.  If they simply served ONE Asian item (such as HUGE FRESH eggrolls  - perhaps with some sticky rice on the side) and NOTHING ELSE but did just that single Asian food item RIGHT, and cleaned the place well, and exchanged the fluorescent "interrogation" lighting for some soft "livingroom" lighting in the dining area, they could completely turn their luck around financially given their location.  Instead, they have taken a great opportunity and absolutely ruined it.
4	Prolly one of the best and definetly one of the better Chinese places in town. they deliver pretty late which is always convienent and have the best house fried rice, wonton soup, beef lo mein, and their honey walnut shrimp is average. The white rice tends to be a bit dry, but overall they have always been pretty nice, and always throw in free crab puffs for free when you order over a certain amount. Definetly the go to place for fair priced, yummy Chinese food!
1	I used to love this place, but cleanliness is the problem. I got a hair in my fried rice, and for that i am not going back. Need to find another tasty chinese place.
4	We ordered the chicken with black bean sauce and beef with broccoli. They were both fantastic, but the won ton soup was delightful.  Food was tasty and not too salty. Delivery time was a little longer than promised and customer service left something to be desired, but overall a good choice for local chinese delivery.
4	Chinese delivery! It was good and they deliver usually pretty quick. I dont like that their not open sundays.
5	My husband orders from here quite a bit and I wanted to try it out, especially since my coworkers eat from there quite a bit and the food looks phenemonal. I tried another Chinese place about a week ago and I was less than pleased with their lack of "tasty" food (tasty house)... He ordered his usual- chicken teriyaki and a beef skewer.. And I ordered the cashew chicken (but I received cashew beef)... Either way it was the best Chinese food I've ever had (which increased the 4 stars I would have rated them for the error- I NEVER order beef- back up to 5)... The chow mein was perfectly seasoned and had a bit of a sweet taste to it.. And mixed with the brown rice and the entree it brings the whole dish together. Served with a side of an egg roll and 2 cream cheese wontons, the entire meal was succulent and hit that "spot" for my Chinese food craving. I will DEFINITELY be ordering from here again. And I LOVE that they deliver. :)
1	Siu Wok has been a favorite for quite some time.  Sadly, today's experience knocked them off the list.My co-workers and I decided we needed a tasty meal today so we placed a delivery order through Siu Wok.  We were happy when the meal arrived much sooner than the 45-minute delivery estimate.  Our food was hot and smelled delicious.  We were all enjoying our food when one co-worker made a stomach-turning discovery: a dead fly in her food.  We all immediately stopped eating, repulsed by the large fly nestled up to a sliced carrot.I immediately called Siu Wok to complain and spoke with Jennifer.  I told her what happened and asked for a refund on the entire order.  She said she could refund the contaminated meal but would have to speak with the manager for authorization on the other two.  She called back a few minutes later and said she was only given permission to refund the $7.95 for the extra-protein meal.  She seemed to understand why I was disappointed but said her hands were tied.  I asked her to relay to management that I was very disappointed in his lack of attention to the matter and that Siu Wok had just lost a considerable amount of business, as our office frequently places orders there.Instead of Siu Wok being out $23.44, they have lost an office full of customers and gained a negative Yelp review.  Doesn't the fly look delicious??
4	this place rules, just got delivery crazy fast and food was excellent.
2	Weak sauce! I had the bubbles after eating here. Actually my family of four had the bubbles. Curry chicken was very weak. If you like Chinese food that is on par with panda express, then this is the place for you. Think taco bell of Mexican food.
5	This place it's awesome, great menu, excellent prices, wonderful food. Highly recommended!!! I know I will get dinner there tonight!
5	I ordered my usual lunch combo special- Cashew Chicken with lo mein instead of the brown rice... their lunch combo is a lot of band for your buck. you get the entree, listed above, 2 cream cheese wontons, and an eggroll for a little more than 8 bucks after tax. substituting the lo mein for the brown rice costs a dollar more but that's fine since I really don't care for the brown rice. I always call in my order and they have it ready when I get there. Sweet staff. Love it!!!
1	I find it very hard to give anything more than one star if this business is in the business of turning away people before they can even become customers. I wanted to order a lunch combo and a drink. My total came out to about 12 bucks they said I needed a $15 minimum. I was told the portions were a good size so why would I even think about ordering more food especially when this is my very first time ordering from this place. I live less than 3 miles from this place you think they would make an exception for customers that are really close. The problem is that their delivery radius is too large .. They go from 40th av to 47th street and from baseline to northern. They are making their delivery money back on the customers that live closest to their restaurant. I'm sorry but I will never attempt to order from there again too bad I was excited to try a new Chinese place I don't sway from one to the next I mean c'mon Chinese food is chinese food when your talking about take out or delivery.  Ill just have to go somewhere ill be appreciated for trying a restaurant for a first time, I'm sure the next Chinese restaurant will want me to be a repeat customer. Siu Wok peace of advice here, don't ever turn away customers especially new customers its just not good business or profitable, tightn up your delivery radius and then you won't have to have a $15 minimum order set, $10 minimum would do just fine.
5	always good and quick
4	Sui Wok...I'm an Asian food fanatic, and by no means is it a gourmet experience, but it's never let me down for what it is.An inexpensive alternative to pizza and other delivered foods.Huge portions, actual real meat and seafood, done without the normal hiding in breading and goop.Always fresh and tasty, delivered to a wide area.Great soups, which are a meal in themselves.When friends are in town, and time is short, Sui Wok is my go-to place.Sure, it's Americanized Chinese fare, but it's a hell of a lot of fun. They're good at what they do, they accommodate vegetarians, and there's more than enough food to share. Halfway through a combo plate, I'm stuffed.Imagine ordering a shrimp dish, and seeing very large, fresh shrimp instead of the tiny or overly breaded things you often get from Chinese restaurants. Same with the chicken, beef and pork. The tofu/bean curd is cooked as I like it.I'm glad Sui Wok is here in Phoenix. Nice stuff!
1	this is only the second time ordering from siu wok and will be my last. i ordered the happy family dinner for 2 and got one that said "mong bf" and every bit of pork and bbq pork tastes and looks like it has sat in an icebox for weeks. so not only did i get the wrong meal they gave me terrible old tasting meat too. that was a perfectly good wasted $25 and it hurts more for me because i am disabled and live on a fixed income and was hoping to get a few meals out of it and now it's going in the trash!! 8(p.s. even my dog, a yorkie, turned his nose up at it and hesitated to eat it, so i certainly won't either. 8(
5	Writing based on the orange chicken, sweet and sour pork, and sesame chicken - my fave.  Proteins are great but are on the greasy side but hey its chinese food, rice and noodles are great.  You get a full eggroll for their lunch special.  Crap wontons are delish.  So bad but so good.
4	Just had lunch here. Sweet n sour chicken lunch combo special. Not gourmet of course but very good quality for everyday Chinese. Big portions, good service, and a huge bargain. You should go here.
4	Great place to get Chinese food. Want to add that I left my wallet there but didn't discover it was missing till the next day. I went back and they still had it all in tack. I am soooo grateful that the girl was so honest!
4	Great cheap takeout! I had the moo shu pork and it was a bit saucy but delicious!  I'll definitely order from here again!
4	Great chinese food for cheap.  This is close to my office so I often get the lunch special or sometimes dinner.  Spicy chicken lo mein is my fav
2	I've ordered here before with coworkers and usually, it's pretty decent for the price. (the lunch special)I ordered teriyaki chicken and when my coworker came back with my food, I honestly didn't even want to eat it. The chicken just looked off and not what I have always been familiar with when it comes to teriyaki chicken. I ate a few bites though because my stomach was growling and after that, I decided to not even touch the chicken and I just ate the rice and eggroll.The texture was incredibly rubbery and I am hoping at this point, it was actually chicken that I ate.  It just did not taste or look right at all...
5	I love this place! The delivery is fast and the food is delicious.  The delivery driver cracks me up! He can never seem to find our house even though he's been here a bunch of times, it's hilarious!I usually order the mu shu...get it! I'm a vegetarian so I add tofu to it, no problem. I also love their mixed vegetable and family style bean curd. They never have a problem altering things for me, and delivery is awesome! Get Sui Wok tonight!
4	I am very happy we found a local Chinese delivery place that is actually good. Ok I'm Asian and I'm from LA so I know good food when I taste it. After reading all the reviews, I decided to pick this place. I got the Kung pao chicken combo. Combo comes w rice, egg rolls and lo mein noodles. It was all very good.y husband got the beef and broccoli entree and it was pretty good. Not as good as Little Peking but this restaurant is closer to us and it delivers!!! The sizzling rice soup was phenomenal!!!!!! I highly recommend this soup and their combo dishes so that you can try different things. Their rangoons were very good too. So overall I will continue to get delivery from this place!!
5	I love it! The best fried rice I have had in a long time! They are nice enough to make me rice without eggs! Their lunch specials are a great deal! I usually have enough left over for lunch the next day. Most employees are friendly and they are really fast at getting your food out, it is served in togo containers, which is a great idea!
4	I was hungry and looking for some delivery Chinese. The girl who answered the phone was sweet and explained my options well. She told me I would have my delivery in about 30 minutes and it got here in about 15 minutes. When the food got here, it was so fresh and hot that I had to give it a few minutes before I could start eating eat. Portions are HUGE. I had:Bean Curd Family Style (with Veggie)- I give it 3 stars. Nice flavor with a ton of tofu. Only problem? Not enough vegetables! As much as I love tofu and brown sauce I also order the dish for the vegetables.Vegetable Bean Curd Soup- I give it 5 stars. I added some white rice (that came with my entree) and a dash of soy sauce. It was easily my favorite part of the meal.Vegetable Fried Rice-I give it 3 stars. I was pretty full by the time I had some of this. I will eat it for lunch tomorrow but the flavor didn't instantly jump at me. Still nice though.Would I recommend this place? YESWill I be a repeat customer?Absolutely.
5	This place is great.  Always super fast delivery and this is the best Chinese fast food we have had in Phoenix.  It is very consistent.
4	FAST FAST FAST delivery.  we  order from siu wok pretty regularly. and i do not think we have ever had them take longer than 30 min for the  food to be at our door. usually they will say 30 or 45 min and 15 to 20 min they are ringing the bell.  also in 3 years we have never received an incorrect order.  sometimes we will have several different items some large portions some meal portions and always correct.  oddly in 3 years we have never stepped into the actual place. we have always ordered delivery.  so i cannot speak to how the place is but the people on the phone and delivery drivers are always very very nice.  and portions are huge.  usually its enough for 2 nights of dinner.   the only negative is they close once a year for several weeks for an extended vacation. so its always a bummer to find that out when your craving some walnut shrimp. but they deserve a break.
5	One of the best Chinese places in Phoenix.  Food is awesome (Honey walnut shrimp is the best!)  Service is fast when eating in, Delivery is fast. Siu Wok is the only place we get Chinese food from.
5	Best place to order delivery Chinese food in Downtown/uptown Phoenix. Super fast, always good and hot. Very consistent and friendly!  Our go to is the General Tso Chicken two times spicy, really good egg rolls and cheese puffs. I've also ordered the Orange chicken and it's really good too.
5	Ordered take out for the first time today and it was a good, pleasant experience.. Food comes fast with a reasonable delivery charge and within a good time frame. Hot, fresh and delicious when it arrives. The beef and broccoli with rice was delicious. Love!
4	been here a few times now. The place feels like a dive which usually means awesome food. it was good food but super fried and kinda greasy so if your gut can take it and are in the mood, go for it. the flavor across 3 visits has been good but not awesome. the staff have been nice and the place seems clean. if you are short on time this is actually a good spot. not too busy. the best part is portion size. for what you pay, you get a LOT.
5	If your looking for great Chinese food for cheap and in a hurry this place will kick Panda Express's ass. The skinnyI found this place about 8-9 years ago and have been a fan this place since, it has the best orange chicken and honey walnut shrimp I have ever had. Now I have never actually sat and ate here but I always take my order to go or delivery which is insane how far they go. The orange chicken has plenty of sauce but the chicken is always crispy if you get the combo plate they will add 2 crab puffs egg roll and rice and noodles which are also to die for if you go after 5pm and spend 15$+ they will throw in free crab puffs with coupon and coupon is in menu so just pick one up. The girls are always sweet in front area and are always so quick. The bad Once the delivery driver was pretty aggressive with the tip he made sure to let me know twice where the tip line was on my check even after I told him I had cash for tip. Another time they got my order wrong and did not give me combo plate but manager made it up by offering free crab puffs next time which I didn't take advantage of as I always use that coupon but even then I wasn't too bummed out this place rocks. They also have gone on month long vacations and have closed for that long which drove us insane lol.Overall this place is one of my favorite spots and they maybe yours too if you give them a shot.
4	Top marks for delivery speed. Agreeing with some other reviewers, these guys get it there in half the time or quicker than they say they will. I've only ever ordered delivery from them, and they give you a BUNCH of food and I can't really complain about any of that filler crap that you get a lot at chinese places. I may not eat all my vegetables but that's really on me -- they're delicious. This isn't the absolute best chinese I've ever had, but their prices, while not by any means a big-time bargain, are extremely commensurate with the quantity and quality of the food, and paying 25 bucks up and down including tip for two solid meals delivered in 15 minutes is really decent.I've had their house lo mein which is very good and the shrimp with lobster sauce, which is a LITTLE heavy on the veggies, but it's very good as well. I'm a big fat guy and I get two meals out of that order. The girl that answers the phone is nice, and the question you're having a hard time understanding her say while you're giving her your credit card no. is "expiration date?" They save your number too which is handy.This could honestly be five stars for food/service/price combo, but it's not, like a FIVE-STAR meal, you know? There exists better chinese in the world. But if you take it all into account, I couldn't really ask for more. This is a great place.
4	I'm going to give this place an extra star because their delivery speed is second to none. The food is decent. However, I think the wonton soup is amazing. The soup is nice and hearty with lots of vegetables and meat to go along with the dumplings would you rarely find a. Good wonton soup. The service is very friendly and the food is prepared very fast overall not bad for a quick Chinese food spot in central Phoenix.
4	Delivery was in order and because pizza has been my go to for the past couple deliveries I decided Chinese Food was in righteous. I have checked a couple other Chinese restaurants in the area and haven't found my ideal take out / delivery niche. Well... I found it. I really like how this place has Dinner Combinations where as many other Chinese Restaurants often have only Lunch Specials, all dinner options are made for sharing.We decided to share but still utilize the combination. Each combination came with an egg roll (standard), fried rice (standard), Crab Wontons (cheesy good), and Chicken Lo Mein (excellent). The entrees we chose were Teriyaki Chicken (good), Mongolian Beef (standard), and Tangerine Chicken (Awesome!). I will be ordering from here again. I would certainly recommend this place to anyone. **make sure to order WHITE MEAT for the extra dollar.**
1	This place was recommended to me by a bunch of people who had nothing but awesome things to say about this place.  I for one was not impressed with the customer service, and for that I'll never return.I placed my order on the way home from work, and went inside to pick it up.  The girl hands over the bag and I can already tell that the order is wrong.  I said to her, "Are these combos?" she says to me, "You ordered larges, not combos."  I let her know that I ordered the combos, not the larges and I even showed her my sticky note with the order written down.  She still argues with me, grabs my bag and heads into the kitchen where I hear her tell them, "She messed up the order and wants combos now."  I'm no dummy and I'm not putting my food or health at risk by a disgruntled cook.  When she came back to the register she was really annoyed with me and told me it would be 20 minutes for my order.  I told her to cancel the entire order because I didn't have time to wait.  That is partially true, I had the time to wait but I didn't trust that the cooks would do something to my food because they were annoyed they had to remake my order on a busy Friday night.This place doesn't deserve 1 star but that's the only option that I have.  This is the McDonalds of Chinese food and their customer service reflects that.  I will never return to this place, again.
5	Had food delivered last nigjt. The driver was great the person on the phone made me laugh.  The food was beyond words. Best egg fou young I have ever had. The only thing I would change is more vegetable s and meat in the fried rice. I will be back.
4	Service was attentive. Food came out very fast. Food was pretty standard but tasty. Good portion sizes. Atmosphere wasn't great but vigilant staff made up for it.
1	made an order for delivery. no sign of it in 45 minutes so i call back and get put on hold until they eventually hang up. i call back 25 minutes later assuming that they are just having a busy lunch only to find out that they never made it. i am hungry and angry (hangry like the beef jerky commercial) and now i have to leave the house to get food. i have had siu wok food before and it doesnt suck, but this sucks. this sucks so bad. i have to put on pants now. real ones, not just pajama pants. i really wanted chinese food. this is unacceptable; i cannot accept this. darren wilson walks free yesterday and now this. im goign to kill myself probably
4	Ordered delivery and the order came quicker than expected. With the order we had the Cantonese noodles, orange chicken, and general tsos. The noodles was thin and savory. It had a mix of vegetables, chicken, beef, and shrimp. Best chinese delivery ordered so far. Will be calling for another order again soon.
4	Decent spot for Chinese delivery. Our delivery options downtown are limited and believe it or not, pizza every day does get tiring. Delivery is usually pretty fast and the food is better than most chinese take out in the area, especially for the price.Here's what I've hadOrange chicken - pretty good. I ask them to make it spicySundevil pork- mehLettuce Wraps - worth it and cheapHot and Sour soup - standardPepper Beef - pretty good, sauce is flavorfulTofu lo mein - I ask for it spicy and it's delicious!Crab puffs - standardEggroll - standard
2	The lunch specials are a good price, the deliver in the downtown area, which makes it easy for my work. the good is just alright. I have ordered form her twice, and was not impressed. But my coworkers and I have not found another Chinese place that delivers to downtown phoenix. I have gotten the chicken vegetables which had this weird texture sauce with it and the chicken lo mien was alright.
