5	I consider myself a breakfast enthusiast..........always in search of the BEST!  Today, along with three family members, I ate at a friends brand-spankin' NEW restaurant called Babycakes Cafe on Buffalo and Smoke Ranch.  I find myself rendered speechless; it was so FANTASTIC!We're a sharing family, the only way to eat out in my opinion, so I was able to try a little bit of everything.~If you like a little KICK, eat the Portuguese sausage!~Rick's adobo fried rice and eggs with macaroni salad.......WTF?  FANTASTIC! ~Perfectly cooked over-medium eggs!~Hash browns.....YAY, HASH BROWNS!~Benny's, oh how I love thee....!~Lastly, pancakes...........my favorite food of all time!          *Red Velvet- Better than actual cake!        *Bacon- So delish!        *CARROT CAKE- (SIGH) These are hands down the GREATEST            pancakes that I have ever eaten!  I am without words..........!You'd be doing yourself a favor if you go to Babycakes Cafe!=)
5	My family of four (two adults two kids) went for Sunday brunch and really enjoyed it!  Don't let the sad shape of the mall it is located in fool you. The atmosphere is really nice, the staff friendly, and most importantly, the pancakes are spectacular!We ordered two short stacks (3 plate sized pancakes). The kids ordered s'more cakes which had marshmallow pieces cooked into the cake and topped w chocolate shavings and golden grahams. Rave reviews from the younger set. Dad and I split the red velvet pancakes. WOW!  These were spectacular. They were moist and fluffy, with a cream cheese topping. Some of the best pancakes I've ever eaten. Portions are HUGE!  We split 2 short stacks and one side order of bacon between 4 people and had leftovers. Saw some wonderful omlets go by. May have to try one next time. Or the bacon filled pancake. Or the peanut butter pancake.  Bottom line is we will be back for more!
5	My friends Austin and Andi had mentioned that they checked out this breakfast place called Babycakes that had RED VELVET PANCAKES. I immediately called my best friend Lauren and made a date for the following Sunday morning.Ok, let me just pause to tell you here, just now, I was thinking about the menu and my MOUTH-WATERED. IRL. JUST HAPPENED. Ok, so not only do they have Red Velvet Pancakes that are served with Whipped Cream, Chocolate Crumbles and CREAM CHEESE SYRUP (more like a not so think icing) but they also have S'MORE Pancakes, Peanut Butter and (Jelly, Banana, Chocolate...you pick) Pancakes and one of my personal favorites, Bacon Pancakes (aka: a one stop shop). They also offer a variety of traditional breakfast options, as well. We wanted to try the Red Velvet Pancakes but knew that it would be sweet overload so we opted to also get the bacon and eggs breakfast. Their seasoned potatoes need a little more seasoning but other than that, delicious. A great savory balance to our sweetest ever breakfast. The place is totally CHARMING with high-top tables, flowers and a GREAT waitstaff. I spilled my drink all over our table (in typical Katie fashion) and we had 2-3 staff members come over to help us clean it up.The best part was as we were wrapping up (our $20 bill....bang for your breakfast buck!), Andi and Austin, who recommended the place to me, walked in the door. Andi said she had woken up saying "Pumpkin Pankcakes...." and they headed out the door. I'll be heading out the door every weekend to my new favorite breakfast place.
5	I've found a new favorite breakfast place! I came here with my husband with the understanding that he would get the Red Velvet Pancakes so I can try them while I order something else that I was curious about. I wasn't trying to be pushy.... I promise...I just wanted to save him from his usual Denver Omelet order! When we start looking at the menu he weasels his way out of the Red Velvet Pancakes. He promises he will not order a Denver Omelet so he orders the Turkey Avocado Sandwich. He usually eats this type of sandwich for lunch ...he's a creature of habit who am I to change him! We also order a side of Sweet Cream Crepes that we would share. Even though I really wanted to try the Red Velvet Pancakes I have been craving Filipino food for days. I ended up ordering Rick's Adobo Fried Rice instead. The Adobo Fried Rice comes wrapped in a sheath of egg. My husband looked at me like "Why did you get to order a Omelet and not me?" I would never do anything like that so I showed him it's was rice. I was afraid that this dish would be too salty but it was perfect! I usually don't like to eat Filipino food when I go out because I've been spoiled by my mom's cooking but this was really good! This dish also comes with a side of Macaroni salad...dare I say that it tastes better than Aloha Island Grill's version. The Sweet Crepes were also tasty we ordered ours with fresh strawberries. I usually just like a little creme on mine so I just took off the access. I also had a bite of my husband's sandwich...for taste testing purposes ..of course. It was also yummy where everything is portioned out perfectly so not one ingredient in the sandwich is overpowering the other.
5	Babycakes will make you feel like a kid again! The deliciously moist, fluffy pancakes come in a wide range of flavors you'll recognize from childhood, such as smores, red velvet, and pb&j. I can't wait to try them all! Also worth a mention is the other items on the menu. They don't get the starring role that the pancakes do, of course, but they certainly round things out if you're not feeling like sweets. The eggs Benedict were very tasty, with the Canadian bacon having that nice smoky flavor that lets you know it's actually bacon, and not ham like so many other restaurants. Prices are reasonable and the service is fairly flawless, though perhaps a bit more serious than I'm used to at a local breakfast joint. I highly recommend this place for breakfast and brunch!!
5	This place is AWESOME! I can't tell you how excited I am to find a new breakfast joint. My family and I go to breakfast every Saturday and it's always the same place over and over because there really isn't that many great brunch places nearby. The food here is excellent! And so affordable. The red velvet pancakes, oh my! They offer a very wide menu with a great variety, it'll be hard to decide what to get. I'm really keeping my fingers crossed that this place makes it, I'll def be spreading the word!
5	I'm a sucker for breakfast places, so when someone suggested this place and I found good reviews on Yelp, I had to try it.Unfortunately, this place is a good 15 minute drive from my place. Fortunately, it was worth the drive. It's a small, cozy place - decorated with HUGE butterflies on the wall [oddly enough, I didn't notice them until my friend pointed them out]. Service was great. Friendly smiles all around, and good about keeping the coffee cups filled.I ordered the Kalua Pig Benedict, which were amazing. The only semi bad thing was that they were a little heavy handed on the amount of Hollandaise sauce - but that is something that can easily be fixed. Coffee was decent enough to drink black. It looked as if their whipped cream is homemade, which always gives cool points to an establishment.Unfortunately, we were seated right next to the counter where the food goes out, so I was forced to watch all the delicious food being delivered to everybody. Which, ultimately made me want to keep ordering more food so that I could try everything on the menu. But alas - I couldn't, as the Benedict more than satisfied my hunger.Needless to say, I will be back to try everything I saw coming out of the kitchen. From the red velvet pancakes to the crepes to the humongous French toast - I can't wait to conquer everything on their menu.
3	I am so bummed because I really really wanted to love this place..1. because it is across the street from our neighborhood and2. because I wanted the 40 minute wait to be worth it.We came on a Saturday morning and were told the wait would be only 20 minutes. If they had originally told me 40 minutes, I would have  turned around and come back another day. I ordered the Kalua Pig Benedict and was so disappointed because eggs benedict is my favorite breakfast item.  The Hollandaise sauce didn't even taste like Hollandaise sauce, in fact it just lacked flavor completely.  I only took a few bites and filled up on the potatoes instead.  My husband ordered the "Mexican" but he could barely taste the carnitas because the jalapenos completely overpowered the dish. It it wasn't for the VERY TASTY Red Velvet Pancakes, the friendly staff, and the quick service- this review would have been a 2.  It is also the reason why I am going to give it another chance and order the adobo fried rice or loco moco next time.  Hopefully, my experience will be better and I can update this rating.  Fingers are crossed.
4	NOT a fan of the waiting. The hostess definitely unestimates the wait time. We were given a 20 minute estimate that ended up being nearly an hour. Definitely good food.  I think the food is on the right track, but the execution is lacking...  I was very reluctant to try the red velvet pancakes, since I thought they would be overly sweet, but they were delicious but could be more fluffy and and moist. Luckily the actual pancake wasn't too sweet so the whipped cream, chocolate chips and cream cheese sauce that topped it weren't too overpowering.  My omelette was cooked exactly as I requested and so were my potatoes.Pleased with the experience overall. The waitstuff was friendly and efficient and the food came out in a timely fashion.My only two major complaints were the long wait and less than welcoming hostess.  Those two things aside and this place might become a regular hangout for me if I can figure out when it's less busy, lol.
5	As one of the reviewers said, OMG Red Velvet Pancakes!  I was really glad we came here even though it was a trek to BFE.  For a restaurant that opened a month ago, they were bustling with activity.  The hostess told us there is a 35 minute wait.  Even though my partner gave me a look that meant "should we?," I ignored the tone that came out from his voice and told the lady we would wait.  While we waited, we perused the menu in and out because they had so many choices.  I was having a hard time keeping to my pescatarian leanings when I saw the Rick's Chicken Adobo Fried Rice Omelet.  I finally gave in and ordered the adobo and a short stack of red velvet pancakes.  The partner ordered the Breakfast Burrito (without the meat, so proud of him).  I was so happy when the pancakes came.  It had whipped cream, chocolate chips, and cream cheese syrup.  The pancakes were awesome.  Even my partner enjoyed it and I am the one with the red velvet cravings.  When the adobo omelet came, I was in heaven!  The egg that wrapped the adobo rice(yes you read right) was fluffy and had green onions in it.  Plus, the fried rice had TONS of chicken adobo.  I didn't regret the meat eating after the first bite.   It also came with macaroni salad on the side.  Like everything else, it was yummy.  My partner ate his Breakfast Burrito and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The owner also asked how the food was and when she walked away, my partner  said she looked like an Asian Jessica Alba.  The place was a nice place with cozy decor.  I would totally recommend this place to anyone.  We are definitely coming back there when my sister visits.  She saw the picture of the Red Velvet Pancakes and told us to take her there next time.
5	I was skeptical this place would live up to the hype, but OMG did it ever! The 30 minute drive from my house, the 40 minute wait, all freaking worth it. This will never be a regular spot for me (5000 calories for bfast isn't a habit I need to get into!), but for a special breakfast this is the best place I've been off the strip in Vegas (sorry, Bouchon is still my overall fav!). They get major props for letting you pay a minimal charge to upgrade to the "specialty' pancakes when ordering any of the egg dishes. Honestly the smaller (2?) portion of these sweet things is perfect and it's nice to have an egg dish AND a dessert to go with it ! I had the breakfast burrito (special from the chalk board) and red velvet pancakes. The breakfast burrito wasn't much of a burrito (well not in a stupidly huge Chipotle sense), but more of a large taco. This was absolutely perfect for me - huge burritos are a turn off and I don't like the ingredient ratio you get with this burrito the size of your face. Burrito (bacon, eggs, cheese, potatoes) was perfect, but the red velvet pancakes did steal the show! Some of the best pancakes I've ever had. Ridiculously fluffy, perfect red velvet flavor - you must try these !My husband has a certain fondness for chicken fried steak and sausage gravy. He's tried it everywhere here in town from Tiffany's to all the casino diners. He's always bummed that it's not nearly as good as what he's used to from TX. This place was by far the best we've had in Vegas and might be better than any in TX as well. The steak was tender (not chewy and gross), the batter was nice, and OMG the gravy was perfect. It seemed to not be frozen, or they buy an incredibly high quality frozen product - either way, they fooled me. Tasted homemade! He had the smores pancakes that were tasty, but not nearly as good as the Red Velvet!!I never thought I'd find a local place with BETTER pancakes than my favorite (Oreo Banana Pancakes at Bongo Room in Chicago, btw), but honestly they were! I'd put this breakfast spot up against any diner, anywhere. I'd love to see them add some coffee drinks to the menu (oh and expand to Henderson!).
5	A New Kid or Cafe on the Block! Well, thanks to y'all Yelpers, I had to find out what a new but consistent 5 Star place was all about!I got here before lunch and there were about a third of the tables occupied but no line and no wait. Nice start! I was greeted with smiles from the staff and seated immediately. As I was looking through the menu, I noticed: Hawaiian BBQ, Filipino and American breakfast/lunch dishes!! Interesting, In a Real Good Way!! Now, deciding what to order was very difficult, as they offered so many options that caught my eyes.I ended up ordering:Chicken Fried Steak with hashbrowns and over easy eggs: It came portioned for 1 person (I usually eat for 2) but it was what it should be. The chicken fried steak was slightly thinner than what I'm used to but tasted phenomenal! It had the right bite and was seasoned properly. A little more meat and this would of been flawless. Next, taking a bite with their sausage gravy.. MMaaaannn, their gravy was Excellent. It reminded me of Black Bear Diner's gravy but a tad more country care put into it. The hasbrowns were unexpectedly more than satisfying. It wasn't bland like most served. All in All, definitely one the best chicken fried steak dishes I've had!Red Velvet Pancakes: I paid the extra $1.50 to upgrade from their regular babycake pancakes. These came on a separate plate as a pair with some liquified white cream cheese/butter syrup. I had to stop and stare for a second.. The pancakes were slightly browned on top and bottom but had a real evident glow of red/pink all around, with a nice scoop of whipped cream and sprinkles of soft chocolate coco of some sort on top. I took a bite.. HOOO! This thing was thin yet had some plump to it, soft and  sorta chewy. The flavor of just the pancake alone was Uncalled For! Plus, I add on the syrup, a dab of the whipped cream and couple pieces of chocolate = Red Velvet Pancake HIGH! Unexplainably lives up and beyond the Hype / Fad of all these red velvet cakes!!!!! I'm not jumping on the Bandwagon of the continued 5 Star reviews here.. They deserve more if anything, for these 2 orders alone. I will be back for Much More!
4	After all the great reviews, I was expecting a wait , I was shocked when I turned into the parking lot and found it empty, I thought they were closed.  Even on a Thursday morning at 8am u would  expect to see more customers. It felt weird to be the only customers, I kinda wanted to leave but glad I didn't . The place is small and most of the tables are high, hate that like to feel the floor when I'm sitting down. I had the loco moco( eggs, burger patty and rice )covered in brown gravy served w/ side of mac salad.. Rice was a little crusty, burger little tough , gravy was good. Mac salad ok . Now your wondering why the four stars , that's ez the RED VELVET PANCAKES !!!! These pancakes are awesome . Red pancakes sprinkled with choco chips and a huge dollop of what looks and taste like fresh whipped cream , served with cream cheese syrup . These are some of the best pancakes I ever ate, they taste like a cross between a cake and pancake. Pure genious . After tasting the red velvet pancake i was so close to ordering the smore's pancake, but held back don't know why , should have gone for it. I gotta try the smore's and carrot cake pancakes. There are couple intresting menu items kalua pig Benedict and spam sramble :) . Next time, service was really friendly and prompt .
3	I was really disappointed in this place after the consistent glowing reviews. I ordered the sweet crepes with bananas, my daughter got chicken fingers. Her food was very hot and mine was cold when it arrived. Waitress never came back to refill drinks until I got up to pay check. I just missed all the craze.... It's like an ihop to me
5	Came to pay another visit to this up and coming spot!  I kept blabbing about the red velvet pancakes to my girl and  convinced her that it was worth a try (she's not much of a foodie.. yet!) Got here before noon and was seated right away. I couldn't help notice this lady that was seated right next to me. She looked so familiar.. Well, it was my first invited friend on Yelp! She provides some of the most interesting reviews: Blair B.! Hi Blair! And Megan S., nice meeting you as well! What a small world..The Belly Pleasers:Corned Beef Hash and Eggs: Came neatly plated, corned beef was the typical canned stuff but for being canned, it was satisfying. I must note that I do prefer the real stuff (shredded/chunky) but their stuff did have a slight advantage over almost identical looking corned beef I've eaten at other places before. There maybe something with the oil the cook it in or some special seasoning they throw on there?! I also decided to try their seasoned potatoes. They looked plain but once again, they were tastier than I expected. Results, Nothing over the top but I was happily filled up!*Chicken Fried Steak with Hash, still Reigns Supreme!Carrot Pancakes: I wanted to try something different, since my girl ordered the obvious red velvet pancakes that she wasn't gonna finish and scoot over my way anyways.. The carrot pancakes came with the same cream cheese syrup, nuts sprkinkled on top, had the same texture as the velvets and tasted good, borderline great.. BUT in no way compared to the Red Velvet Pancakes!!Red Velvet Pancakes: my girl ordered the short stack (3 pieces). She took a few bites but didn't really express her emotions much but I could tell by her facial reactions that it was captivating! She finished more than half the order, more than I expected and said "they were delicious! I really liked the little sprinkled mini chocolate chips and the whipped cream".. Another happy customer :).. Round 2: Everything was pretty much as Great as the 1st Time!
5	Oh my it was brunch time and still crackalizing! If you didn't understand that, it was packed! I wouldn't really suggest coming here in groups bigger than 4. Although, I'm sure you can it'll jus be a longer wait. I ordered the Kalua pig Benedict and my boyfriend ordered the adobo omelette. And together we ordered a short stack of red velvet pancakes as a dessert. That's how we get to try a little bit of every goodness. The kalua Benedict was perfect the way it was made. The yoke breaking over the meat and the crispy edges of the meat added a smokey hint to it. I tried some of the adobo omelet and it was good, but I've had bigger for the same price at aloha kitchen. On the other hand, the macaroni salad that came with it was unique with it's hint of crab meat. The red velvet pancakes was the perfect puzzle piece for my belly's satisfaction with it's sweet cream cheese syrup. The service was on point and friendly. The parking is plenty. Be aware, it's disguised in an industrial area.I am most certainly filled and ready to come back to try the s'more pancakes.
4	After reading reviews about the Red Velvet pancakes I knew I'd stop by, it was just a matter of time. I had the Mexican omelet; it's made up of carnitas, jalapenos and jack cheese topped with sour cream. I was able to sub the pancakes I wanted for the regular buttermilk that comes with the omelets for a small charge. Glad I did they were delicious, covered in whipped cream and chocolate shavings. Hubby had the HN1 omelet and he really liked it. My mom had pancakes with strips of bacon cooked in! Awesome :) The restaurant is pretty small, though, so be prepared to wait. Very good breakfast spot, though I think my favorite in Vegas is still The Cracked Egg.
5	Hey this place is great! Who would have thought about making those traditional pancakes from great cake flavors like red velvet and using cream cheese in the syrup. I loved the cakes. Now my omelet wasn't bad either, I had bacon and avocado of course. It came with choice of season potatoes or hash browns, and side order of toast or cakes, since we were getting the red velvet cakes, I choose the toast and hash browns. It was a nicely made omelet cooked just right without being too stiff or over cooked, and I enjoyed it. The slices of toast were really big for sourdough bread. I would come back, there are too many things left untried, if only I could eat all day!
5	BABYCAKES Cafe is the best breakfast restaurant by far!  Me and my gf ate here this afternoon, and it was a full house!  All tables were in use but there was no other people waiting but us.  So we waited about 10 minutes and immediately got seated.  It really is a small restaurant so be prepared to wait upon arrival if you go in the afternoon.  I ordered the Adobo fried rice omelette and gf ordered the kalua pig eggs benedict.  "Hey babe, wanna try this?" I said this because i wanted to try hers! HEHHEHE!!  Kalua Benedict was a different taste, but way better than the classic eggs benedict.  But dont get me wrong, i was happy with my Adobo fried rice omelette, filling indeed and it came with some bomb mac salad.  (QUICK NOTE: mix some tabasco in with the mac salad! gives it a kick! a karate-judo-brazillian jiu-jitsu-MMA-KICK!)Next is the Red Velvet pancakes, MY GOSH!! they're so good it deserves its own paragraph! Super moist on the inside, crispy outer rim crust. and  the cream cheese syrup and the whipped cream complimented it so well.   Good thing we only ordered the short-stack to share.  We had it as our desert for after our breakfasts.  Our total bill came out to $24 bucks.  not bad eh?Our waitress was nice and friendly, polite and brief. No complains there.  They also had 2 big tv's to watch while waiting for your food.  All in all, i recommend this place to everyone, and I will bring my friends and family here if/when they come and visit.
5	I was always a breakfast person, but I could never get up for it.  Consider this a change, my best friend and I decided to do church with breakfast.  After reading a bunch of reviews about Babycakes Cafe, I decided to make the drive across town for some "AWESOME" breakfast.  Ok so trust me here, it did not disappoint.  The taste and atmosphere went well beyond my expectations.  Our orders consisted of:- Red Velvet Pancakes - I suggest you get the short stack if you're not a big eater, because even that felt a lot.  The taste and consistency of the pancake was amazingly delicious, and the cream cheese syrup is what made the taste even better.  - S'mores Pancake - I've always been a big fan of s'mores, but for some reason this dish just didn't catch me.  It was good, but I was under the impression that the batter would have s'mores in it.  Probably something I wouldn't order again.- Kalua Pig Eggs Benedict - OMG! you won't believe how amazing this dish was. Everything about it was just delicious! This dish made my trip worth while.  The flavors of everything just bursts in your mouth, like a "FOOD ORGASM!" Ok, probably not the right choice of words, but I wouldn't know how else to describe it.  Get it, and you won't be disappointed.
5	Best breakfast place in Vegas by far.  I am a big fan of breakfast.  Egg and I and Original House of Pancakes are good, but the menus there get old with the same old stuff.  At Babycakes, there are so many nontraditional items on the menu. My girlfriend ordered a short stack of Red Velvet Pancakes.  I don't like red velvet cake, but I loved these pancakes.  They are not too sweet, so the sweet cream cheese syrup tastes perfect with them.  They are also served with homemade whipped cream.I had a short stack of the S'mores pancakes.  While they were delicious, I'm not sure if the menu description matched what I got.  It says that it has marshmellow and chocolate cooked into the batter.  However, it's basically just two plain pancakes with a little marshmellow in between.  There was graham cracker and chocolate sprinkled on top that added the S'mores flavor.  It was good, but I think they could make it better by mixing chocolate into the batter.  S'mores is supposed to have melted chocolate anyway.I also had the portuguese sausage and eggs which was good.  Service was great here.  When we came in, it took awhile for the hostess to take our name and she ended up taking down a party that came in after us before us.  But it was no big deal.  The wait time was not that bad. I will come back here again and again to try more of the menu items.  I already bought 3 of the groupons.
5	I am not usually a fan of pancakes, but this changed my mind wholly! The best breakfast place I've ever tried, and the most creative! Everyone must try the Red Velvet Pancakes once in their lives! It's a must!!! Ps. Be sure to have patience on the day of because there might be a waiting list for a table!
5	We went here this morning around 9:40 and were told there was a 40 minute wait. We'd heard good reviews, so we decided to put our name in and wait. I'm glad we did.It was soon clear why there was such a long wait...very small restaurant + very good food = long wait.My wife ordered the red velvet pancakes that everyone has been raving about. They were very good and had a lovely, melty center. I do have to say they were a little too sweet for my taste. I ate 4 or 5 delicious bites and reached my sweet quotient for the day. I have a very low sweet tolerance so the fact that I had 5 bites is actually a pretty glowing review for me.My wife, who has a sweet tooth, loved the pancakes. In fact, after she took her first bite, she said, "This is better than Jamm's," which until that point had been our favorite local breakfast place. I ordered Rick's adobo fried rice with macaroni salad. I loved it. It was the perfect savory breakfast. It's basically adobo chicken and rice incased in an egg wrap. It makes perfect sense since fried rice usually has egg in it....now why didn't I think of this? The adobo was almost as good as my wife's and had a nice balance of flavors.The original plan was to use our Groupon. However, the prices were so reasonable that the bill for the two of us didn't even hit $15. We had just gotten 2 for 1 coffees at Starbucks so we just got water to drink which helped keep the bill low. We still have our Groupon, so guess that means we'll have to come back. Woo hoo!
5	We were staying at the MGM but decided to take a drive and try this place. We had no regrets. We and the kids loved the food.
4	Came here to try after I saw this on Yelp.  Love the red velvet pancakes and Rick's adobo fried rice.  I like how simple everything was, but was so delicious at the same time.  Solid food, no frills.  I'll definitely come back when I'm in town again and try the other items on the menu.
5	Get there early. With limited sitting and hungry morning people, you're in for a wait on the waiting list, but it's all worth it once you take a bite off your red velvet pancakes (yum) & the Benedict are superb
5	Yep..I heard about these amazing red velvet pancakes and had to drag the family to that side of town and try em.Of course the hubby had to try the grilled cheese and FF. They off the fries seasoned which is nice. His sandwich was pretty ordinary but he was happy.I had the special which was a breakfast burrito and that came with 2 of the best pancakes EVER!!They come with a small jar of cream cheese syrup and they are sprinkled with chocolate bits and a huge spoonful of whipped cream.1st the burrito..it was perfect. I had ham in mine since my little guy loves it and we were sharing. We both tore into it. It had just the right amount of cheese,potato,ham, and eggs. We ate the whole thing.Now onto the most wonderful pancakes in the world...One word: YUMMY!!!!!Go get some NOW!!! These are amazing. Then do some serious cardio cuz god only knows how much sugar/calories there are in them.I also ate them both and did not share with the hubby or my baby!LOLIts a bit pricey..our bill was almost $24 bucks plus 5 buck tip. And it was on the other side of town. But I will drive here again  for THOSE pancakes.Oh..service was also fantastic!
5	This morning I'm going solo, had early morning appt so I decided breakfast was a necessity. I ordered the ranchero omelet with carrot cake pancakes, just $1.25 more. It was a very good choice! The om let had chicken inside that was cut into cubed pieces, one side had been crispy, but it was still moist. The ranchero sauce on top was spice with just a hint of sweetness. I enjoyed breakfast so much, I ordered a BLT for lunch!
4	During a weekend of overeating and trying new places we opted for a brunch and the much talked about, highly Yelp rated Babycakes Cafe. We "trekked" across the valley with the anticipation of a 1 hour wait. We were quoted 45 minutes, but because there were some larger parties in front of us we were seated within 15 minutes of arriving. Excellent. The venue is pretty small but again, Yelp prepared me for that too. Here is what the family ordered: Mom: eggs and sausage. She said the link sausage was excellent. Dad: corn-beef hash. He also said this was excellent! Hubs: biscuits and gravy, side of Adobo Fried Rice. Both were great and bonus the gravy is homemade. Me: Mexican omelet. Yummers! The pico, sour cream and jalapenos made it. Table: short stack of red velvet pancakes. WOW! Super light, not too sweet. I thought for sure they would be a sugar OD, but not at all. We were all impressed and surprised at how great they were. A must try for first timers for sure! I really wish this was closer to home so we could go more often, but I do believe it was well worth the drive and I know we will be back again.
5	A lush place to have breakfast, lunch, or brunch. lets see. been coming here for sunday brunch on a regular. so far, i've had the red velvet pancakes, loco moco, and s'mores pancakes. pancakes come with a side of cream cheese syrup- extras available upon request, gorgeous. this place pushes the envelope for you traditional pancakes. instead of pancakes with a side of bacon, they actually have pancakes with bacon bits hidden inside. delicious as its name, but a little too sweet for my brunch taste. so on my last visit, i had the lolo moco: rice, meatloaf patty, side of eggs made to my choice, and all of that drenched in gravy. comes with a side of mac salad. the food portion actually meets my appetite needs, for what i pay for. however, the mac salad isn't that special. the sweet customer service reflects its cafe name, so need i say more. its a comfy zone and has two big screens to watch sunday football. servers are more than happy to switch the channels between other tv networks. i've had great experiences so far, so i definitely have no reason to give any less stars.
1	So far, my review is not good of this restaurant.  I have not actually eaten here because we went there last weekend intending to have a nice brunch and the wait was 40 minutes!  OK, it's a small place a 40 minute wait is somewhat expected, but then they told us they would not have any high chairs available for our 17 month old twins.  That is not acceptable.  They only have two high chairs for the whole place and both would be in use.  IMO, a pancake place should be much more kid friendly than this is.  I still want to try it sometime, but am definitely not impressed so far.  Oh, and the hostess was less than helpful/compassionate.
4	I was sick and tired of all the RAVING about Babycakes... So I got my day pack together and saddled up to the journey to Summerlin..... well, I got a ride, but hey!This place was definitely not as I expected: it's quaint and it aims to be a neighborhood joint... props to them! Thankfully, and to my happiness.... there was no said line.. nor a wait. Also, it was a Wednesday morning, so that should be accounted for. Yesss. So we were seated right away... upon being seated right away.. We were waited right away! I'm not going to lie... I came here just for the red velvet pancakes, sorry to disappoint and to OBVIOUSLY jump on the Yelp bandwagon. I was kinda upset I just ordered the pancakes because their menu is huge and original... just another something to bring me back. I got the half-stack which was plenty for me. Yet another review... yes. The pancakes are THAT good. Pancake Perfection! How does one make such consistent, fluffy cakes all the time.. day in, day out? The world may never know... My cream cheese icing syrup(?) was put on the side and I used it for dunking rather than drenching. Red velvet Pancakes 4 Lyf.I will soon be back to indulge in their Hawaiian and Filipino breakfasts so I can get some SPAM.. (i have a secret liking for that stuff) ... at that time I'll hopefully have something else to review... and I can UP my rating:]
4	Had to visit this place just because of the red velvet pancakes. My buddy and I thought to share red velvet pancake while we ate other dishes we ordered off the menu and it was amazing. Thought it would be too sweet but NAH IT WAS AMAZING, not too sweet but juuuuusst right. How genius to make a cake into a flat pancake form.
5	best breakfast place in Las Vegas .. !! awesome environment!!!
4	After being urged to go check this place out, I did.  With how good everyone said that it is, I decided that it could be worth waking up 2 hours early and doubling my commute time to work.  Oh man was Russ V. right about this place!I got the Huntington omelet with hash browns, side of red velvet pancakes, and a cup of coffee.  The omelet had cheddar cheese, bacon, avocado, and pico de gallo, which was served in a cup on the side not on top as listed in the menu.   The cheddar cheese on the omelet was okay.  I like my cheddar sharp, and this seemed more of a medium... or sharp in a cheap brand.  The bacon was crisp and tasty.  The avocado and eggs were great.  The pico de gallo left something to be desired.  I don't know if it wasn't fresh or if the ingredients weren't that fresh, but it was not flavorful at all.  The hash browns were excellent.  Honestly, they were some of the best that I have had in a restaurant since I have lived in Vegas.  My coffee was alright as well.  I just have a preference for a stronger cup... Hence, my obsession with espresso.The highlight by far was the red velvet pancakes!  If I would have went with my initial inkling and just got a full stack of red velvet, this place would have definitely gotten five stars.  It was AMAZING!  It is now on my favorite food list.  I didn't know what I was missing until I had these.  It really is an experience.  Red velvet is my favorite type of cake, and these did it justice.  It really did taste like cake with a huge dollop of whip cream and shreds of grated chocolate.  The syrup is more of a frosting with the consistency of a syrup.  You can definitely taste the allusions to the cream cheese frosting of a typical red velvet cake.  These alone are enough to get me to turn my 30 min commute to work to an hour drive with my mind in the clouds wondering what wonderful food I will discover next.
4	Stopped by to grab some lunch with my Mom the other day.  I've read many of the Yelp reviews raving about the Red Velvet Pancakes and had to experience this for myself.  Based on the familiar items of SPAM, Portuguese Sausage, and other island style dishes....I'm guessing that the owners are from the Pacific Islands.I ordered the Short Stack Red Velvet Pancakes (Topped with whipped cream and chocolate crumbles. Served with cream cheese syrup. $5.25), which are 3 Pancakes about 8 inches in diameter each.....and a side order of Portuguese Sausage.  Mom ordered the Jalapeno Burger ($8.75).The food came out in short order and I eagerly started on my Red Velvet Pancakes......they were freakin' AWESOME!  Wow, I was blown away with the Sweet, Soft, Velvety flavor and texture.  I should have ordered a full order dammit.I then took a few bites of the Portuguese Sausage.....it was disappointing.  I didn't enjoy the flavor of it at all and it didn't taste like the Portuguese Sausage I was accustomed to eating when I'm in Hawaii.  Bummer.Mom couldn't finish her Jalapeno Burger, so she gave me a few bites.  I thought it was OK, nothing special.  Certainly not worth $8.75.Our server was friendly and on top of things.  Overall, a nice breakfast experience.Will I return?  Those Red Velvet Pancakes are calling me.....
5	Went today for the 1st time and I can tell you that the Red Velvet Pancakes are literally the BEST thing I ever ate.  And I'm a fat girl so you know I speak from experience. I have pics but I'm afraid to post them for fear I'll be running back to have more.
5	Absolutely delicious breakfast. The cream cheese coulee worked wonderfully with the red velvet pancakes. The coffee was warm and good, and the hash-browns were homemade, hot and just messy enough (although a bit too oily). Easily the best breakfast I've had in Vegas in all my visits. Worth a drive to Summerlin.
4	When Babycakes Cafe first opened in October, we were invited to join the Husband's cousins in experiencing this new breakfast joint.  Unfortunately, we couldn't make it out that morning but heard raving reviews from them and soon after, it was blowing up on Yelp!  It's been on our radar since, and when a groupon for Babycakes showed up, we scooped up on this coupon!Yesterday was the big day - most importantly, we wanted to avoid the weekend rush.  Reviews about an hour long wait weren't something we were interested in, and luckily, it was only a ten minute wait for our party of three on a Wednesday around noon.We decided to share three items that were unique to Babycakes Cafe than other breakfast joints in town.* Red Velvet Pancakes "Topped with whipped cream and chocolate crumbles.  Served with cream cheese syrup." (Full stack $7.95, Short stack $5.25) - First off, I'm not the biggest fan of pancakes and it's not my first choice in breakfast.  But hands down, these pancakes are REALLY good.  They aren't too fluffy or thick.  The sweetness is just perfection and sweetness from the cocoa, whipped cream, and syrup all add to this yummy cake.  I was sold and would definitely reorder this over and over again.  We went for the full stack to share, which was a very smart choice! * Kalua Pig Benedict "A toasted English muffin topped with Hawaiian-style slow cooked shredded pork, English muffin.  Topped with our delicious hollandaise sauce." ($9.75) - The Husband and Truc N. were loving this dish.  As Truc was saying, he doesn't really like pork all that much but he really enjoyed their version.  They both complimented on how moist the meat was and enjoyed the savoriness.  The accompanying potatoes could use a something something though. * Rick's Adobo Fried Rice "A traditional Filipino dish made with marinated shredded chicken wrapped in an egg, garnished with green onions." ($8.50) - This was the downfall of our breakfast.  It was a huge scrambled egg concoction with the fried rice mixture inside.  I was the first to split it open and there was a weird smell that came from it.  And then the taste, I wasn't quite getting it and wasn't sure if this was how it was supposed to taste.  When the Husband got into it, he ultimately said their burned it - the rice, the meat, just everything inside.  I'm still not sure if it was intentional to have the 'burnt' taste or not, but all of us were not impressed with it.  Not something we recommend.Overall, they have some unique items that make them stand out - specifically the first two items we ordered and additional things like Honey French Toast, S'more Pancakes, Bacon Pancakes, seasonal items like Pumpkin Pancakes and Macadamia Nut Pancakes.Service - it did take awhile for our food to come out.  And I can only imagine how much longer the wait may be on weekends after you get seated.  And yes, there is more than just the food here, the view is quite nice too for the men.  I don't recommend coming with a large group as it's a small restaurant and there isn't that much room for large groups.
5	awesome breakfast place! i heard a LOT of good things about babycakes...mostly the red velvet pancakes. I LOVE red velvet anything so after hearing about them i had to come and try them. the pancakes did not disappoint! SO GOOD! they are a bit sweet so eating an entire order yourself is probably not a good idea. =P my friends and i order a full stack of the pancakes to share and then each got something else. i ordered the kalua pig benedict...i had to try it after reading about it on yelp. it was good. there needed to be a bit more flavor to the pig but overall it was tasty. the potatoes that came with the dish were awesome! perfectly salted and not greasy like a lot of breakfast places. my friends ordered the adobo fried rice and the breakfast burrito with a side of garlic fried rice. the adobe fried rice was delicious...a tad salty but good. i didn't try the burrito but had some of the garlic fried rice and that was good too. don't think i would get a side of it...it had a bit too much onions in it. service was great. there is a bit of a wait on the weekends but totally worth it. i can't wait to come back! =)
5	Absolutely delicious!  I had the red velvet pancakes with a side of turkey bacon, my husband had the smore pancakes and my in-laws had some omelets and the carrot cake pancakes.  The reason for coming here was the different types of pancakes...we were all satisfied!  The cream cheese syrup was amazing.We'd highly recommend coming here, but try to get there a little early.  We arrived about 8:30 and were seated right away, but on the way out there were some people waited to get a seat.
4	Finally had a chance to try out Babycakes today after picking up a Groupon a week or two ago.  This place would have a shot at 5 stars if it wasn't for closing so early.  2pm?  In Vegas?  Come on, who's out of bed before 2pm in Vegas.I had the peanut butter and banana pancakes and was a bit disappointed... the PB flavor was very faint (to me), but the waitress brought me a side of peanut butter to make up for it.  My girlfriend had the strawberry pancakes and she said it was one of the best pancakes she has ever had.  And she's a pancake fiend!We somehow didn't get the red velvet pancakes, but we plan to get it next time.  Oh, we had a side of hash browns, too, and they were really, really good.So close to a 5 star.  Make it 24 hours, guys.  Please?!
2	Visited Babycakes after purchasing their groupon offer.  My favorite breakfast place is Egg Works so they had a lot to live up to. The verdict? Thumbs down. The eggs benedict was terrible. It was overcooked and hollandaise sauce was bleh. Seemed like maybe it was made from a powder mix? It was definitely missing something. The seasoned potatoes were okay but salty for my taste.Also ordered an omelet that had veggies and a variety of meats. Once again, lack luster. I felt I could have made it at home and for the price, it was smaller in proportion to what Egg Works serves. The hash browns that were on my plate were probably the best thing but once again, small in portion.We also ordered a small stack of plain buttermilk pancakes. This was probably the best thing we ate at our table.Although I wanted to like Babycakes because of their cute logo and reviews, I must sadly say that I will probably never be eating breakfast here again.
5	Visit 2:My wife ordered the white chocolate macadamia nut pancakes. They were really good, but again a little sweet for my nonexistent sweet tooth. My wife didn't have any problem polishing them off though.I ordered the ranchero omelet. It was pretty good but not really memorable.Visit 3:Today my wife ordered the Baby Chick omelet with S'mores babycakes.I got a breakfast burrito with peanut butter and banana babycakes.The omelet and burrito were good, but the pancakes were the standouts. I preferred mine because they weren't overly sweet. My wife liked the s'mores better. Both were very good.So far my favorite dish has been the Rick's adobo fried rice. My wife's favorite is the red velvet babycakes.
4	i'm a fan! the red velvet pancakes was DELICIOUS. not too sweet, just cooked to perfection. the short stack was just the right amount cause otherwise i'd be in pancake overload. the bf and i also tried the kahlua pork benedict. i wasn't a fan of this dish. the pork was bland and the hollandaise sauce was whatever. the seasoned potatoes was okay, could use more seasoning. hah. overall, if it wasn't for the red velvet pancakes, i probably wouldn't go back.
5	Kalua pork eggs benedict and red velvet pancakes were both very delicious and creative.  The regular breakfast food like hashbrowns and scrambled eggs were done very well.  Waiting to get seated was a time killer, but once we ordered, our food came out very quick.  Portions are not humongous like Omelet house or Original pancake house, Babycakes Cafe portions are decent and therefore reasonably priced.  I will be back for the Hawaiian, Filipino, American breakfast fusion.
4	I've been here 3 more times since my last review.  Here's what I've tried so far:I love the spinach benedict.  I'm not sure if it's because spinach and mushrooms are one of my favorite vegetables, but I really enjoy this dish.  The spinach is perfectly cooked the way I like it.  I hate it when restaurants overcook vegetables and it's mushy.  I also like the cripsy bacon in between.  The english muffin is lightly toasted and not hard like some places I've had before.I'm not a fan of the kalua pig benedict, but it might be that I normally don't like pork as much as beef or chicken.  I won't say it's not good but it lacked a little favor and the only thing I've had here that I won't order again.The honey toast is really good too.  I love the thickness of the bread.  It's simple but delicious.  It's so hard to decide what to eat here because I like so many things and want to try everything, so usually I would order a savory meal and something sweet like this as a dessert.  I know I'm such a pig :-P  Who eats dessert after breakfast/lunch??I've also had the sweet cream crepes with bananas, which is a nice dessert.  They have honey on the side, but it's pretty sweet as it is.My boyfriend ordered steak and eggs which I've had a bite of.  I thought it was a really good deal.  It came with 2 eggs, potatoes, 2 pancakes, and an 8 oz steak.  The steak was really tender, but my boyfriend said it lacked flavor.  All he needed was to sprinkled some salt and A1 sauce (which was provided along with 2 different hot sauces and ketchup at the beginning of the meal) and it was all good.  It was cooked medium like he requested, still pink on the inside.Other than the food, I've never had to wait for more than 15 min for a table but I usually go during the weekdays or past 12 on weekends.  The service has always been good for us.
4	Amazing Red Velvet Pancakes...this we all know.  Just thought I would mention that the pumpkin pancakes had a tad too much nutmeg and ginger for my taste.... and I LOVE pumpkin pancakes.  Took one bite and could hardly finish it...won't make that mistake again.Suggested a Henderson location so I wouldn't have to drive so far and a little birdy told me it's in the works...hmmmmmm can I say excited?  (Driving 20 miles to wait 25 minutes to sit can get old.)  Fingers Crossed..
3	I thought this place was just ok. My iced tea was weird, when I lifted my straw out, it had a stringy kind of slime from it? I didn't have anymore. I ordered the huevos rancheros with red sauce. They delivered it with green. Everything was under seasoned, but they have salt and pepper on the table.  No big deal. The over medium eggs where cooked right. I didn't care for the hightop tables and chairs or the soap operas on the hd tv's. Over all, it's better than a Denny's or Ihop I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.
5	The cousins and I ordered:1.)  RED VELVET    7.95 (FULL) 5.25 (SHORT)Topped with whipped cream and chocolate crumbles. Served with cream cheese syrup.This tasted super delicious.  It wasn't too fluffy nor was it heavy.  Normally when I eatpancakes from other establishments, I feel very heavy.  The combination of the whipped cream with the chocolate crumbles and cream cheese syrup blended well together.2.)  RICK'S ADOBO FRIED RICE  8.50A traditional Filipino dish made with marinated shredded chicken wrapped in an egg, garnished with green onions.I thought it was just okay.  I wasn't too much of a fan with the egg since it had no flavor to it.  My cousin said that because the Adobo Fried Rice already has enough flavor, to add sodium to the egg would just possibly be too salty.  I think I would just like the Adobo Fried Rice without the egg wrapped around it.3.)  KALUA PIG BENEDICT  9.75A toasted English muffin topped with Hawaiian-style slow cooked shredded pork, cabbage, poached eggs and our delicious hollandaise sauce.This was my favorite.  I would come back here for this because I just love Eggs Benedict.  The taste of the Kalua Pig gave it a flavor that matched well with the Hollandaise Sauce.  A lot of people on Yelp felt that it was too bland.  I found adding some salt to the dish pepped that up.  4.) NUTELLA CREPES  8.25 plain or 9.25 (with seasonal strawberries)Nutella mixed filling spread topped with fresh whipped cream and almonds.  This was definitely a great way to end our meal.  It wasn't too overpowering with the Nutella and had the right amount in the crepe.  I'm not really a dessert person, but this was well done.  It doesn't look too hard to make.
4	Ever walk into a new place and just KNOW it has nailed the "it" factor?  Well, Babycakes Cafe is one of those places. The 45 minute wait on a THURSDAY at 11 am was a clear indicator. It was also the primary annoyance factor. Now, this place has been open for a mere two months. The owner is a young woman who has a great sense of style, which is reflected clearly in this intimate restaurant. If you're into the way a place "feels", you'll like this place. Obviously, she wasn't prepared for the positive response she got when she started out her new cafe's life with a Groupon. Though the waiting area was not quite enough to comfortably accommodate all of us in the wait, I think she'll get a handle on this as she is aware that she has this (good) problem. Now, the food.  I ordered 2 eggs with bacon and seasoned potatoes, with a short stack of the red velvet pancakes I had heard raved about here on Yelp.  The eggs were... well, scrambled. The bacon was thick, and delish. The seasoned potatoes weren't bad, per se, but they really seemed more like potatoes you might get in a frozen section. I think it would really add a boost to them to add some seasoning, onions, peppers... you know, give them a little shebang.  For the piece de resistance.... the Red Velvet Pancakes were WOW.  When I took a bite, the rest of the food on the table sort of became a softened black and white..... like those photographs you see sometimes where everything is black and white except one part of the photo is in color.  POP.  Yeah, like that.   They were red and tasted like the perfect marriage of a yummy pancake and a red velvet cake.  They were covered with chocolate shavings and whipped cream, and served with a "cream cheese syrup". Um. I'm drooling.  They really were worth the insane wait. If I were you, I'd strategically time my arrival to avoid crowds (which probably cuts out weekends...) and park myself in this cute, comfy little corner of NW Vegas to await your taste bud's pure joy.
5	What do I love about this place? The question should be, what don't I love about this place? We had Rick's Adobo Fried Rice - a traditional Filipino dish made with marinated, shredded chicken and rice wrapped omelet style with green onions, accompanied with their homemade macaroni salad. The omelet is exactly what one would expect, if you ever had adobo...VERY, VERY GOOD! The mac salad was a little salty for my taste, but still very good!Their Kalua Pig Benedict - toasted English muffin, topped with Hawaiian-style, slow-cooked, shredded pork, cabbage, poached eggs and hollandaise sauce...A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!  If benedicts are what you're looking for, this one tops them all. My absolute favorite!Our son had their bacon cheeseburger, well done, and fries. My husband was quite pleased and surprised that, yet again, another great entree! Our daughter had their carrot cake pancakes. I love carrot cake to begin with, and I have to admit that it was even better than I thought!To top everything off, we ordered their Red Velvet Pancakes with chocolate crumbles and cream cheese syrup. If pancakes are what you're looking for, anyone who's been here would, I'M SURE, highly recommend the Red Velvet. Words cannot even describe such a simple dish that is OH SO, well...you'll just have to try it!!!  Don't think that we could eat all this. I'm actually sick to my stomach from all the amazing food! We packed up two take-home containers and went home to crash, but I wanted to take a moment to rate this restaurant. Definitely worth it. This being our first time there, we wanted to order so much off their menu to try what we heard/read rave reviews about, so we already knew we were "taking leftovers"...the question was, just how much?Being New Year's Eve, it was really packed! They served us juice and coffee as we waited, which was extremely nice! You're happy with how their items are priced! Service was still very good for how busy it was.  EVERYONE, including us, walked out of there with a smile on their face. WHAT A GREAT FIND! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for breakfast/brunch!!! ENJOY! :)
5	Service was great! Really nice menu, with a lot of options. I had strawberry pancakes, which were very flavorful. Also had mexican omlette, which had carnitas, jalapenos and pico de gallo. Very good. We love the variety of dishes offered. You can choose to go simple, or can choose something with a little bit of a twist and not be sorry. We will definitely be coming back.
5	We found this place using Yelp the month they opened and have been back several times.  They have great food!  Love the Red Velvet pancakes with cream cheese syrup and the Contry Fried steak.  Only problem with the place is that we live too far away from it! (we live in California)
3	To summarize our experience - LONG WAIT & overrated. The pancakes were definitely delicious.  The omelet was average.  Your typical American brunch place with some Mexican & Filipino influence.  We'll probably go back for that "specialty"... but I don't see us frequenting there.
5	Babycakes has the best pancakes that I have ever tasted!  The Red Velvet Pancake litterally melted in my mouth.  That is what I call a GOOD pancake.  Anyone know the recipe?  J/KThe fact that I was with family and the atmosphere was fun, made my experience all the much better.  Oh, make sure you try the Filipino dish: Adobo Fried Rice.  Yum!
3	decided to make Babycakes part of my NYE festivities since i was going to be in the north part of Vegas most of the day.  Besides, I have a couple Groupons to use.So gf and i originally decide let's hit it before we go to Aliante to sign up for nye bingo and pick up tickets for the Journey cover band playing post-bingo at Aliante.When we get to Babycakes, big surprise, the place is packed - 45 minute wait. We put our name in and take the chance to drive to Aliante and return in time for brekafast.  It did take 45 minutes but they already called our name - we did call them to ask that they move our name lower - they refused ...bummer.so we get back t Babycakes - another 30 minutes .We order the Rick's adobo rice , the pork bennie and we dshared a small stack of the red velevet pancakes.  Service was good - timely refills, food came out reasonably fast.The food ?  mixed bag - the gf's adobo rice - i didn't notice on the menu - it's an omelet filled with fried rice.  I like the creativity but didn't quite get there on taste - i kinda laughed since it reminded me of an occasional sunday breakfast for me - take your leftovers from the night before and jam it into an omelet.The pancakes were tasty - didn't need the whipped cream - again, a creative dish.the pork bennie  - again, i like the creativity and i did like the saltiness of the pork mixed with the egg but it definitely needed more bernaise sauce  and the potatoes ??  for such a creative menu, the potatoes SUCKED ! I have another groupon so i'm sure i'll hit  Babycakes again but not sure if it's travel worthy.
5	Wonderful.  Everything.  The only thing I wish was that the place  a bit bigger.  Also, don't try to split checks.....Other than that I loved everything about it....Get the red velvet!!! :)
5	Food was great! Especially loved the gravy.  Huge chunks of sausage in the gravy.  Service was fast and attentive.  Hostest had WAY TO MUCH MAKEUP ON, but made for fun interaction with my wife as we ate.  Can't wait to go back again!
4	The red velvet pancakes are great. When they first arrive, you think they might be tough, but they are ever so tender and light. I wish they brought a little more syrup and they definitely need more space. I am not big on eggs or other breakfast food so I can't vouch for that. My service has always been good; Vangie, my server last time, was great. My almost-2-year-old gets so excited if we "get pancakes!!!"
4	Have you heard what everyone has been saying about the red velvet pancakes?  Well, it's true and more. These things are absolutely addictive.  Given the description, I really thought these pancakes had to be super sweet.  But they're not.  Even my sister, who isn't fond of sweets, loved these pancakes.  The staff was nice enough to create a potato dish for my sister with potatoes, cheese, avocado, salsa, and sour cream.  It was really good and nice of them to be so flexible.I got the Adobo fried rice.  It was ok.  I have to admit, I am not a big fan of Filipino food.   Same thing with Hawaiian food. A little too bland for me.  But I love Chinese fried rice, so go figure. All they had was Tabasco sauce, which I didn't think would work.  So I focused on the pancakes and took most of the Adobo fried rice home.  Heated up the next day and covered in sriracha, it's not too bad.Most of the tables are high tops which can be a little uncomfortable.  And this place is tiny!  I hope they get a chance to expand.I looking forward to coming back and trying more of their dishes!
5	I rarely give 5 stars, but the the red velvet pancakes were too good to be true.we ordered:red velvet pancakes: delicious! especially with the cream cheese syrup and little bit of whipped cream. not overly sweet  white chocolate macademia pancakes: Regular buttermilk pancakes with a few macademia nuts inside, also sprinkled on top are the white chocolate chips. I was hoping they would have incoporated melted white chocolate into the batter somehow. It was okay, nothing too special. 3 stars.kalula pig benedict: also something worth trying if you're into hawaiian food. 4 starts outta five for this dish. Definitely worth the drive, you can just order the red velvet pancakes and you will be pleased.
3	Sorry but I'm not ready for this bandwagon yet. I love neighborhood joints, I really do! I give automatic 4 stars for mom and pop places that are innovative, offer something special and follow up with fantastic service. Babycakes have real potential to hit all those marks if they correct a couple of things:1. Service is fast and efficient but doesn't really have any personality that stands out.2. My poached eggs came out well and I didn't even get the opportunity to send it back because no one came to check on us. 3. Your red velvet pancake is the bomb, but it's not showcased. It's like having Kobe Bryant on your team, but keeping him on the bench. Why bother? 4. The wait is atrocious for people who would want to trek here for breakfast. If you live far away and come here to wait for another 45 min - 1hr, you may leave feeling disappointed. I guess my expectation for this place was too high. And considering I value my Sunday so much, I hated the fact that I spent 2.5 hrs on something that didn't live up to what I had imagined.
5	This local breakfast place is the best.  It has trendy vibe and the customer service is top-notch.For the pancakes, I had the red velvet pancakes.  They are the best!!!  I also sampled my friends'  chocolate chip, strawberry, and carrot cake pancakes, all delicious.For the main course, I had the kalula pig benedict, delicious and full of flavor.  Again, (I can't help it) I sampled my friends' "Mexican" omelet, Adobo fried rice, and Loco Moco, all three dishes I will definitely get the next time I visit.  If you are a breakfast freak like me, this place will not disappoint!
5	Hmm, where do I start on my review...let me first tell you, I am not a breakfast person at all, the mister, however, loves his breakfast.. So one Saturday morning we decide we'd check out Babycakes.  I do happen to love red velvet cakes when done right so were looking forward to the red velvet pancakes, even though I'm not a pancake fan.Anyhow, we arrive at about 11:30 on a Saturday and the wait is 45mins, okay, we say, let's hope it was worth it.  It wasn't too bad, the actual wait time was about 30mins and we were seated.  There was all types of people, lots of families.  I order the Kahlua pig Benedict and half order of velvet pancakes, the mister got something ( can't recall so it was probably not that memorable) and banana pancakes.  He said his was just okay, but he tried my velvet pancakes and fell in love.  My Kahlua pig was so good, it had cabbage and shredded pork, just the right amount of hollandaise.My velvet pancakes is were I was hooked, which is a lot for me considering I am not a fan of pancakes.  The pancake was soft and warm and the cream cheese syrup had just the right amount of sweetness....Babycakes has made me a fan of breakfast!  I will definitely be back, next time with my daughter cause I know she will be hooked just like her mama!
4	Really really yummy food!  This tiny little restaurant is great.  I've eaten here for breakfast.  We were able to walk in and get a table right away but there was quite a crowd when we left, so I imagine that could be hit or miss.The food was great!  Red Velvet Pancakes?  Are you kidding me?  So stinkin' good.  We also tried the omlettes which are equally delicous.  I can't wait to go back and try the S'mores pancakes.  And the Peanut Butter and Banana.
4	I ate here on New Years Day.  It seems to be a family-run joint because, well, the whole family was there.  Half were working, the other half were eating and just having a good time.Normally, this would be quite annoying and a no-no in my book.  When I eat at a restaurant, I don't want little kid(s) running around all over the place.  However, since it was New Years Day, I completely understand why they were there and it didn't bother me one bit.  At times, it was actually quite amusing.  The waitress' son is the funniest, goofiest, little kid, who reminds me of, well, myself now.  Yikes I need to grow up!With that said, the food was great, and the waitress was friendly.  It's unfortunate that the place is in the middle of nowhere, but in my opinion the drive is well worth the quality of their breakfast.
5	Yay my search for the best breakfast place has ended, but doesn't mean I'm going to stop trying other places. Babycakes has all the above...great service, clean, great selection of food, and location is not bad. My sister and I went here on a Friday morning (10ish), wait time was 15 minutes (not too bad). I heard on the weekends it get really packed which I could imagine since the place is pretty small. So we ordered the Rick's adobo fried rice and a short stack of red velvet pancakes. The fried rice was mMmMm yummy and as for the red velvet pancakes OMG worth it. I am definitely going to come here again and try the many different kinds of pancakes they have and other things on the menu.
5	If your favorite cake flavor is Red Velvet, the Red Velvet Pancakes will hit home for you like it did for me. I'm a Red Velvet fanatic so I was in immediate heaven as soon as I took my first bite. I am typically not a fan of extras like whipped cream or chocolate chip toppings, but I welcomed each and every savory bite. This menu item also came with its own cream cheese syrup but I felt like the pancakes were so fresh and perfectly done that it didn't need any extras. I even ended up eating the entire thing after my Spam & Scrambled Eggs order!This is definitely one of my top breakfasts spots. I can't wait to come back again to try the rest of the menu. The place is small, but I wouldn't be surprised if they are already considering an expansion or additional locations because it was so busy when we got there. No wonder this place is so popular, the food is great, service is served with a smile and everyone is very friendly!
3	If your into pancakes then I'm sure this is your place.  I am not one of those people.  I have become a breakfast person recently, so I have been going out of my way to go to different breakfast spots.  And that quest brought me to Babycakes.  It's a pretty small place, but was quite busy.  The service was quick for what it seems to be a understaffed establishment.  The food is normal breakfast fair.  I did try the buttermilk pancakes and they were o.k.  But like I stated before I am not a pancake person, so maybe this isn't the place for me.  I will maybe come back to try some of the Hawaiian food I saw on the menu and that's about it.
5	Ok, so....  Knowing I had a day off on MLK day, my mouth started notifying me that it would again like to indulge in red velvet pancakes.  I submitted to the request, and got to Babycakes at just about 9am.  There were 3 tables open, so no wait.  Huge improvement!  It was again a weekday, though, and I noted that 15 minutes after I was seated, there were indeed approximately 10 people waiting.  That being said, I decided to tweak my ordering to include one of the Polynesian elements of the menu, and rather than getting potatoes or hash browns with my over-medium eggs and peppered bacon (yum), I got a mound of garlic and onion fried rice.  Very good call on my part.  The rice was slightly crispy and had slivers of onion and whole cloves of garlic which had a roasted, rather than pungent, flavor.  It was delish with the eggs!  And, as the trip demanded, I upgraded my pancakes to 2 small red velvet pancakes.  My taste buds cried a little.  :)
5	The red velvet pancakes were what brought me to Summerlin, and the red velvet pancakes are what made the trip worth every mile.  They were absolutely delicious!  The place was small, but we went around 1:30 in the afternoon and were seated right away.
5	HOLY......CRAP.The Red Velvet Pancakes is some serious business. It is AMAZING. What's a better word for amazing? ORGASMIC? Hahahaha! I ordered the short [comes with 3 pancakes] we also ordered the Kalua Pig Benedict which was also amazing. Never had a benedict like that before and it was evenly portioned out between the shredded pork and cabbage. Yanno how some places give you more cabbage than meat. Yuck. But not Babycakes!!The pancakes come with an amazing cream cheese syrup which completes the entree. I was in heaven. We split both entrees so it was a perfect amount! Got a little bit of dessert and regular food.This is A MUST GO TO spot if you have a car. The drive is worth it. We didn't even have to wait because we went at the buttcrack of dawn. But as time went on the place got really packed, FAST. Plus the restaurant is pretty small so I can see there being a wait. Also keep in mind they close at 3PM.AWWW YAH!
5	Yummy in my tummy!!!  So far the best breakfast spot me and my sister found!  We ordered the adobo fried rice omelet and short stack red velvet pancakes and both were sooooo gooood!!!!!  Prices are so good, too!  We arrived around 10 with a wait of about 10-15 minutes which isn't bad at all.  Parking and location was easy.
1	Oh, how the mighty have fallen!  I arrived here around 8:10am and was seated relatively promptly.  My order was taken and water on my table by 8:15am.  This is where this turned from a great experience to a bad one.  I know that this is a relatively small eatery.  It's a mom and pop type business.  The pancakes were good--  a tad too chocolatety... More so than I remember, but I could have just been in a bad mood after waiting 1/2 hour for pancakes.  Are you kidding me?  I'm a solo diner.  I watch full stacks brought out to the table to the right of me and short stacks to my left--literally.  If it didn't take me 1/2 hour to get there, I would have left.  Finally, my waitress notices "Hmmm... I think she probably came here to eat" and asked the kitchen where my food was.  They start to argue about if it was put in or not.  I'm thinking, "Hey, I'm sitting right next to you guys. Can you be more discrete?"  So they start making the pancakes.  Do I get an apology, an explanation, a "are you still doing alright", "your food will be out in a bit", or at least some water in my empty glass? You guessed it... No!  That was the insulting part.Look, I eat out a lot.  I do probably more than I should.  I know that things happen and mistakes are made.  That's absolutely fine.  There will be some human error.  What is not acceptable is keeping the patron in the dark-- especially if I can hear the whole he said/she said conversation... This right here is where restaurants are defined, and this place failed miserably.  To add insult to injury, they put the check on my table literally 3 minutes after I got my food.  I eat fast but really?  Again, really?  You've got to be kidding me.  I WILL NEVER EAT AT THIS PLACE AGAIN!  They need to hire someone to teach them how to run front of house or at least get some manners.
4	The red velvet pancakes are delicious & I don't usually like pancakes. They come with a side of cream cheese syrup & whipped cream topping. Soo yummy & not too sweet. We also had the kalua pork eggs Benedict with hash browns. The eggs Benedict was a little over cooked but tasted pretty good. Would definitely come back for both of those!
3	Read about this place on yelp (of course) and we were in the area, so we gave it a try.  The restaurant is shockingly small.  Be prepared to get up close and personal with your neighbors table. It's no wonder they have a reportedly long wait for tables, but we got in fairly quickly since we went more towards lunch time.  The husband asked for coffee while we waited, and the hostess was very accommodating. I was pleasantly surprised to see Hawaiian foods featured on the menu.  This place has a large selection of pancakes, but also has sandwiches and salads and such if pancakes aren't your thing.  The husband got the portugese sausage with the garlic fried rice option and I got an omlet with a side of the famous red velvet pancakes.  The pancakes were as reported: awesome.  The omlet was just ok, as were the potatoes I got with them.  The sausage was ok too, but it would be pretty hard to screw up sausage.  The real disappointment for the both of us was the garlic fried rice.  Sounded so good in theory, but did not deliver.  There was too much garlic in it, and I love garlic.  Also, the rice was Uncle Bens.  I'm sorry, but if you're going to cater to Hawaiian transplants, you gotta come correct with the rice.  It has to be sticky calrose rice, not hard, dry Uncle Bens!  Overall, this place was decent.  If youre into pancakes, this is the place for you!
3	I have been here twice...and I'm glad I gave them a second try.  I love the unique pancakes this breakfast place offers.  Carrot cake pancakes, red velvet pancakes, lemon ricotta pancakes, and many more!  I was fortunate to try both the red velvet and carrot cake pancakes...YUM!  I had the Huntington Omelet both times (without the bacon) which had just cheese, avocado, and salsa served with country-style potatoes.  Good, but not extraordinary.  Coffee and OJ are average, but also good.  There are other unique items on their menu such as the adobo fried rice omelet (adobo fried rice wrapped in an "egg burrito") which my hubby liked.  Menu does not include many options for non-meat eaters (like myself), but there is a create-your-own omelet option.  Service was not really good the first time (I got my pancakes after I was almost done with my meal...my hubby got his pancakes with this meal), but the second time was better.  The owner even came around to check on us.  Tables are tiny (if ordering pancakes plus meal, the plates don't fit!) so it's almost better to go as a three-or more party to get a bigger table...or to ask for one of the high tables, which look a little bigger.  After the first visit, I was reluctant to try them again.  But thanks to some coaxing from a friend, I decided to give them another chance.  Although this is not my favorite breakfast place, I would still go back to try more of their unique pancake creations and to support a local Filipino business. I'm hoping each time I try it, I'll like it better and rate it better.  For now...3 stars.
5	THIS IS THE BEST PLACE EVER! Their red velvet pancakes are "to die" for! It's a small family-owned place with a very friendly staff. We did have to wait, but not for long. Although, the wait IS TOTALLY worth it! Also, the service is great! Wonderful people run this place and I feel so welcomed here. And the prices make this restaurant even better! The food is cheap, but does not taste it. I also love how they give proportion options - short & tall stack pancakes, and individual crepes. I HIGHLY recommend this place!!!!! I'd give it 10 stars if I could lol.  :)
4	YUMMY! On our mission to try as many "Yelp" favorite restaurants we can, we of course had to stop by Babycakes Cafe. Babycakes had been blowing up on Yelp recently for their Red Velvet pancakes and Kahlua Pig Eggs Benedict. So, off we went...At first site of the red velvet pancakes, my sweet bud sensors went off. ALARM- this may be way to sweet to eat! I was afraid, I was petrified. The beautiful red pancakes covered in chocolate pieces and whip cream with a side of cream cheese icing look....sweet. I WAS SURPRISED! The pancakes were not overly sweet at all. They were sooooo tasty. The cakes were rich tasting, almost like a cake. The icing was smooth and creamy and perfectly accented the cakes. YUM!We also had the Kahlua pig benedict as well. It was pretty good too. I found the Kahlua pig to be a big to oniony but my boyfriend loved it .Overall a great place to have breakfast / brunch. TIPS - we went on a Thursday and completely missed the over 1 hour wait on the weekends. This place is small and there is not a lot of seats so make sure to go early!This Baby has her new favorite cakes - at Babycakes :)
3	Good but not sure it's worth all the hype.  Went there with a fairly large group of friends and had to wait a pretty long time to be seated.  It's a small place and right now very trendy so be prepared to wait.I found their red velvet pancakes a but too sweet and definitely overrated.  I love red velvet but when you add in the chocolate chips and their icing it was just too sweet.  It was better without all the other stuff but then slightly dry.Liked their buttermilk pancakes more.  Nice and moist and delicious with the butter and syrup.Believe I also got corned beef hash - it was very good but the potatoes with it were meh.
4	Finally made it out here after reading all the reviews pumping this new "Yelp Whore" out.I won't add too much because the other 100+ reviews covers it but I thought the Rick's Adobo Fried Rice was a little too salty.  I think when the rice is cooked with the adobo it really absorbs the flavor and it gets too salty.  Others may like.  Still it was ok.As the majority stated, the red velvet pancakes are the star of the show.  Order a 2 egg breakfast and pay the extra 1-2 bucks to upgrade to Red Velvet.We'll be back.  Will try the benedict next time.
5	Wowsers. Walking in the door I was struck by a hand-written sign: White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Pancakes... need I see more? No need to even give me a menu... but then they did -- and perfect got even better. Red Velvet Pancakes with Chocolate Chips, Whipped Cream, and Cream Cheese Syrup...  Done. Ordered. Devoured. . . Delicious. For those who don't want to die of sugar overload, they also have normal pancakes, an assortment of yummy breakfast foods (many with a Hawaiian flare), and sandwiches/burgers for lunch. The Eggs Benedict were very good (add a slice of avocado to make them awesome). I'll be going back again soon... that's a promise.
5	This is one of the best breakfasts I've ever had in my life and I'll definitely go back next time I'm in town.
4	+ The potatoes are good and not too seasoned. + smores pancakes. Period. + Kid friendly with plenty to choose from+/- This is a pretty small place, but the again, the food is creative and very good. Get there early or be prepared to wait.
4	Mmmmm.....hhmmmmmm!!!! this place is sure is yummma delicious!!!! first off, there red velvet pancakes are so good & tasty. top with your cream cheese whip cream. so...so...good!!! second, there kalua pig Benedict was the bestest!!!! so much flavor it was great. we would definitley go back for some more !!!
5	Long wait but it is worth it, I went here on my bday with my family, All 5 of us ordered something different and everything was delicious. My personal favorite are the red velvet pancakes and fried adobo rice. and there is  a cute boy that works there.another reason why it's my favorite breakfast place :)
4	Oh BabyCakes! I went here on a Saturday morning around 11:00 and only waited about 20 minutes before I was seated. I consider that pretty good timing for a great brunch place. I heard all about the Red Velvet Pancakes so that is what I ordered. BabyCakes also has tons of other types of pancakes too. Smore's, Banana and Bacon just to name a few. I also ordered the Huntington omelet which come with bacon, cheese, avocado and pico de gallo. This thing was huge and delicious.  The service here is great too. Overall 4 stars. I am taking away a star because the ambiance seemed a little plain. If you disagree, try Sabrina's Cafe in the Italian Market in Philadelphia.
3	Okay i drove to this spot all the way from the south end of the Strip because everyone was raving about their Red Velvet pancakes and Adobo Fried Rice. So 30 minute later, we found the place but there was a 15 minute wait, but it ended up being 20 minutes. My wife ordered the Adobo Fried Rice but I ended up ordering the Chicken Friend Steak & Eggs instead. I'm a big fan of CFS, so if the CFS is good, that means everything else is good. The Adobo Fried Rice was not good at all. Very dry and it was like, "what's the big deal about this???" My wife said she's never going to order that again! LOL The CFS was good though, probably one of the best CFS ever second to Peter's Cafe back in SF. Their coffee wasn't all that either.
4	We came here on a weekday around 1pm and there was no wait. Yay.  There were so many things I wanted to try, but I can only eat so much, so I got the kahlua pig benedict. My hubby got the spam scramble and we got a short stack of bacon pancakes to share.We both liked the spam scramble the most... so simple, yet so delicious! The kahlua pig itself was also good, though I'd have to say, as a benedict with the hollandaise sauce, the two flavors were competing with each other.  And they didn't quite go together, in my opinion.The bacon pancake was just okay too. I had such high hopes for it, since I love both things.  I was hoping the bacon was crumbled inside the pancake, but it was more like two strips of bacon plopped onto a cooking pancake. The pancake also seemed too fluffy to me.  Maybe as a meal on its own, it would've been delicious, but since we already ate other entrees before trying it, it became too much.I give 4 stars overall, because the service was superb, and there are so many more things I want to try from their menu!
5	We kept hearing about Babycakes from our friends that live out around Summerlin or Lower Utah area LOL and because of the distance we put them off. But, we were around the area running errands and found some time to see what everyone was hooting and hollering about. I'm glad we did.We walked in around 11:30 and it was semi crowded. We got seated quickly and service was quick. Right away someone took our drink order and also brought our daughter a kids menu and crayons (that was very important). My daughter also noticed the decor, especially the 2 huge butterflies on each side of the beautiful flat screen that was on ESPN. I really liked that decor...not the butterflies but the ESPN. They also put up the kids Babycakes menu colorings all around the restaurants. You can also see the cooking area, it is small but they churn out ONO grindz!This was our 1st time but we've heard enough through our friends and  Yelpizzles on what we should try. My wife ordered the Cowboy omelette which was pretty big and ordered their new Rock Road Pancakes. I ordered the Kalua Pig benedict.~RR pancakes. Our kids loved it and what kid wouldn't. The chocolate pancakes were fluffy and loaded with mini marshmallows, choco syrup, slivered almonds, and topped with whipped cream. They also have other pancakes which you can get in full or short stacks. ( we'll try these next time)-Red Velvet-S'Mores-PB & Jelly-Lemon Ricotta-Carrot Cake-Bacon Pancakes-Whole Wheat~Cowboy omelette-  For $9.95 she got good size 4 egg omelette with ham, peppers, onions, mushrooms and cheddar cheese. And you can get either toast or get 3 buttermilk pancakes. You can also upgrade the pancakes to any of the above.~Kalua Pig Benedict was really good. I've had this before at other restaurants and they get thumbs down, but Babycakes does it right. The Kalua Pig-shredded pork has a nice smokey flavor and not too salty is served on a toasted English muffin, topped w poached eggs, and a nice hollandaise sauce (they don't slather it on...It was just on the eggs). They also put a bit of sauteed cabbage on the tender Kalua pig which added a nice crunch. You might think to yourself "Why cabbage?" In Hawaii we grew up eating a dish called Kalua Pig and Cabbage, it was an easy and delicious home cooked meal. This a favorite in my book.I saw the person next to me order the Loco Moco and i wanted to reach over and snake a bite from him. But, my wife said don't do it. This will be my next choice.Babycakes is worth the drive and the wait. We've been here once and it won't be our last. But, we do have a message to Babycakes owners....Babycakes please make your way to GVR area...PLEASE!! A Hui Ho
3	Was in the area, so I decided to stop by and try this new place.  It was pretty busy at around 1:30PM.  The red velvet pancake is good but the other local hawaiian food isn't that great.Worth a try if you're into fancy pancakes.Overall experience was ok.  Kind of a little pricey I think.
3	2 1/2 starsHow can one place be soo good and soo bad?Cons: The coffee is like hot water. If you closed your eyes, you couldn't tell the difference.  Furthermore, no lattes, cappucino or espresso! BOO!Our eggs were so overcooked they were essentially hard boiled.  For a breakfast place, screwing up the eggs and coffee is sort of a big deal!Pros:The hollandaise sauce is dreamy.  The kahlua pig benedict was excellent except for the above mentioned eggs.  The prices are fair. $50 for 4 breakfasts and 4 coffees. The red velvet pancakes were excellent and surprisingly not too sweet.We also ordered a huntington omelette, and spinach benedict.  Omelette was o.k. Nothing special; on the dry side. Eggs were overcooked on this benedict as well.  Service was o.k. We had to flag her down to take our order but she did keep our coffee full without asking. We waited 30 mins. to be seated at 10:30 on a Friday morning.  I'm willing to try them again but right now not so impressed.
5	For vacations, I love to browse yelp to look fro great places to eat in the city I visit.  So, for this past winter break I went to Vegas with friends and family.  Before we left Las Vegas, I wanted to try out Babycakes since it seemed pretty popular on yelp and one of their specialties was red velvet pancakes.  Mind you I LOVE red velvet cake/cupcakes/yogurt, so this was a must try.  My friends and I came at the right time and we didn't have to wait long.  This was probably around 8:45 Friday morning New Year's Eve.  The server was wonderful and friendly.  I of course ordered red velvet pancakes with cream cheese syrup and a cup of coffee.  It was soft and fluffy like a flattened red velvet cake.  I truly enjoyed the pancakes, and so did my boyfriend (we shared a full stack).  I would definitely have to stop by here again whenever I come back to Vegas. :)
3	Had to bring the family cause of all the great reviews. We're big breakfast people so when the kids had a day off we went for a visit. The place is clean and bright and was pretty quiet for a weekday morning. I ordered the Adobo Fried Rice. Disappointing. The rice has hard and had a few charred pieces of chicken lending it a strange burned off -flavor. The egg "wrap" was thin and oily. I can usually finish a whole plate but it was so unappetizing I only had a third. The adobo fried rice rules at Thelmas... check em out. My husband had the Loco Moco and it was alright. It was the standard Hamburger patty and brown sauce found in many valley local places, nothing special. The kids had the children's breakfast - eggs & pancakes. Also nothing special. Our big mistake was getting only a side of Red Velvet Pancakes to "try em out". They were heavenly! I almost like em better than Nothing Bundt Cakes Red Velvet Bundt. They came out hot soft and fluffy, with a light puff of whipped cream and choco shaving. There was a side of cream cheese topping which was heavenly drizzled on top. Just lovely. It was funny watching a grown man wrestle over pancakes with a determined and hungry five year old. Priceless. Save yourself some disappointment and go there for the Red Velvet Pancakes... you won't be sorry! Staff was very friendly and attentive.  The tables were very small though and crammed together so if you want some breathing room I recommend you come on a weekday cause the weekends are packed!
4	My Loco Moco plate was phenomenal!  The red velvet pancakes were delicious. My husband was jealous of us because he ordered lunch. My only complaint was the 'gravy boogers'.  You know, it sits too long and gets a skin on top.  Apparently, I got all that. That grossed me out. I pulled off those long bogeys and proceeded to tear it up. We got seated quicker than expected for 7.  Overall delightful. My friend didn't care too much for the hollandaise sauce.
5	As everyone else, I'd heard and read so many things about this place, (especially the red velvet pancakes) I had to try it.First try was on a holiday and there was an hour wait, so my daughter and I decided to come back another time. Second try was the very next day, a Tuesday at around 9am, and there was no waiting. We were excited to try the red velvet pancakes! We ordered a full stack to share and bring extras home. We had other things too, but the pancakes was what we craved!SOOOOO YUUUUUM! My daughter couldn't stop eating them! I couldn't either, I must confess!We'll be back....maybe even try something else on the menu!
5	So I've been to Vegas plenty of times and was sick of eating blah food for breakfast and waiting till dinner time to enjoy the buffet or a fancy restaurant, so I did my research and also asked my local familia for some great recommendations and this was one of them!I was hooked from the moment my girl told me about a cafe that served red velvet pancakes! (shout out to my naning Mary Rose F.!) So I knew it was a must... I am the queen of breakfast... I love breakfast for lunch and/or dinner :)So we got there closer to closing time (2pm on weekdays) because nobody vacationing in Vegas gets up earlier than noon (well, definitely not me!) so we beat the morning congestion and were seated promptly. I guess we got lucky because I've read that the wait can get pretty bad.I ordered the red velvet pancakes and my sweetheart ordered the s'mores pancakes. DAMN! Both were sooo good. The red velvet pancakes were like eating perfectly flattened cupcakes smeared with cream cheese syrup and whipped cream! Each bite melted in my mouth... perfection!  The service was great too! My coffee cup was always filled and we didn't wait too long for our food to come out. Also, they were very accommodating and  even though we showed up closer to closing time, they didn't rush us at all which I appreciated very much. Definitely a must-try especially if you're visiting from out of town. Yeah, so it's located on the other side of town from the strip but it's definitely worth the drive!
4	What more can be rewarding after a 5 hour hike at Red Rock, I'll tell you what....a good ass breakfast!  My first time here and by the looks of the food on the table and how crowded it was being a wednesday afternoon, I knew it was gonna be good.My friend was on her whack diet (she ain't even fat), so she just ordered tuna salad and biscuit with gravy.  I ordered the mexican omelette and red velvet pancakes, which I never there was such a thing.  The mexican omelette had marinated carnitas, sliced jalapenos, pico gallo, pepper jack cheese and topped off with sour cream.  It was pretty good but the red velvet pancake was the main dish I enjoyed the most.  I have never been a big fan of anything red velvet and this is the first.  She gave me a bite of her biscuit and gravy but I thought she was done with it and I killed it.  Haha she was like really, I look down for one second and you eat it all without sharing, ooops.Very affordable too with friendly servers who attend to you right away and checks up occasionally, despite the place being busy.  I will definitely be coming here for breakfast again. My ex and her tuna salad, what a waste of visit to baby cakes for her.
4	The Ricks Adobo fried rice was amazing. I can't stop thinking about it. I can't wait to come back to Vegas and try it again.
4	Creative pancakes and a good vibe. That's my idea of a good morning :D
5	RED VELVET PANCAKES with whip cream and mini chocolate chips!! I'm a sucker for red velvet pancakes!Finally went to Babycakes this past Friday :DMy friend/high school classmate was visiting from Florida so I wanted to take him to a yummy breakfast spot! I've been wanting to try Babycakes for the last 2 months and have been waiting for someone to visit me in town so I could experience Babycakes with someone else. I didn't realize that Babycakes is 8 miles north of me... but it was worth the drive!Came in around 10am... no wait.We both ordered the portuguese sausage, eggs and rice... I got the red velvet pancakes and my friend got the white chocolate chip mac nut pancakes. Both pancakes were delicious and you can't go wrong with the local favorite portuguese sausage eggs and rice.I would love to come back again... when more friends visit me in town again. Pay your bill at the counter. casual dining. stress free parking. good customer service.If you're visiting Vegas or a local... make Babycakes on your to eat list!I'll be back for more!!!Aloha...-Miss Yelp 2011
1	2 words:  truly bad!My fellow yelpers have never let me down before, so I was so ready to eat here.  All these fantastic 5 star reviews had to be dead on, right?  I looove a good breakfast place and enjoy supporting, local mom and pop family type operations, so I was definitely looking forward to naming Babycakes as my new b'fast/brunch stop.  Never mind.So awful all the way around that I will not even go into all the details.  The entire experience was a loss - it started from the indifferent greeting (barely a look up in our direction from the hostess at the podium/cashier desk in front) followed with painstaking slow service and then topped off with cold, rubbery food thrown on a plate.  The bad service was not offset by the equally poor food, or vice versa.And what is with the grunge/slime in the iced tea!  How hard is it to brew tea?  That should have been my sign to leave befor even attemtping to eat.  Bad, bad!
5	Red Velvet Pancakes! Makes me want to drive to vegas just to have Babycakes' Red Velvet Pancakes. Also, the adobo omelet is very good (I think its called Rick's Adobo fried rice) Place is pretty small although our party had 11 people they accommodated us.So when you are in Las Vegas drop by this place for breakfast. It's yummmmyyy!
3	Okay Babycakes, I wanted to love you but I just can't. So the bf and I drive about 35 minutes to get to this place, wait about 45 minutes to get seated, order our food and about 15 minutes later they bring out my food and it was wrong..TWICE. Okay, it's not that big of a deal and honestly I wasn't even really that mad because the wait staff was really friendly and it wasn't really their fault. I ordered their spinach Benedict (no bacon) and of course it comes out w/ bacon. Okay, no biggie they bring it back out and the eggs are WAY overdone, like literally hard boiled. Okay, let's try again. They bring it out again and its done perfectly. Their hollandaise sauce was actually REALLY good but by this point my boyfriend was already done eating and after all the waiting I wasn't even that hungry. Their potatoes were not that great at all either. My bf did share his red velevet cakes with me and those were deliciouso. Overall, it was a miss for us but if we happen to be on that side of town for some reason, we might give them another shot. The place is really cute and I think we might have a better experience the second time around. Just not really worth driving across town for. Sorry babycakes..you're super cute but just not that amazing!
5	Love this place!  Stumbled across it on Yelp and thought that the reviews were so good we couldn't pass it up.  Everyone was raving about the red velvet pancakes, and they were right!  They are incredible.  I also got portugese sausage, eggs, and garlic rice, and all of it was wonderful (except the eggs were not quite as firm as a like.)  My boyfriend got the adobo omelet and it was really good too.  The wait is long but worth it - I'll definitely be back.  I'm already dying to try both the Smores pancakes and the Macadamia / white chocolate pancakes.
4	Red Velvet Pancakes = absolutely amazing.
4	Baby Cakes is a far drive from the strip and the place is small, but it is worth it for the food. I had to try the red velvet pancakes that everyone is talking about.  Wow they are great!I also got to try some of the other items that were on the menu: Hash browns crispy and thin 9/10HM1 Tasty 8/10Kalua Pig Benedict pork was tender and moist 8/10Ricks adobo fried rice came rapped up in an egg omelet 7/10Macaroni salad 5/10Red Velvet pancakes 9/10 (made a great snack before dinner)If this place were in my hood, I would go all the time.
4	Are you of Filipino or Asian descent....and you want some pancakes? Well then, Babycakes Cafe is for you!  The owners of Babycakes are some mighty nice PILIPINO (I say it like my nanay) people!  Have you eaten yet?Babycakes is packed in the morning especially on weekends because they are only open for breakfast and lunch up until around 2 PM!  So if you can get over your "What happens in Vegas...stays in Vegas" hangover get here early!  If you get to Babycakes at prime dining time be prepared for a bit of a wait.  But it's ok because it's worth it.We meandered here on a Furlough Friday for us and intended not to spend any money of this day of no pay.  Boy was that a mistake!  We 'accidentally' pulled into the parking lot just to see what the crowd was like.  Once that smell of pancakes and grilled goodies hit me I couldn't help it.  We got out of the car and walked in.  Thankfully, no wait!I just couldn't keep myself from looking around the dining area and checking to see if I was related to anyone in the place!  So bad...I know!  So many Asian people around me...like I was at a Wow-Wow-Wee taping!  Or a Journey concert with Alan Pineda as the lead singer!  Alas, there was no relatives of mine within the vicinity.On to checking out the Babycakes Cafe menu.  Lots of familiar breakfast choices.  Babycake pancakes, favorites, omelettes, benedicts, crepes, all kinds of good stuff!  We ended up ordering the Baby Chick omelette with chicken, mushrooms, spinach, garlic, and cheddar cheese ($9.50), the Two-Egg Breakfast with two eggs, and hashbrowns ($6.25), and a short stack of their famous Red Velvet babycakes ($5.75).  Both of our orders each also came with two buttermilk babycakes included!  Not too shabby!  The food?  Delicious!  The omelette was fluffy and had a good amount of fillings, the eggs were cooked great (sunny side up..yum) and my hashbrowns were the way I like em'...super crunchy!  The babycakes were excellent as well, buttery and light.  But damn...those Red Velvet babycakes?  They were pretty bomb!  Topped with whipped cream and chocolate chips?  It was like having dessert for breakfast!  So savory!  Didn't even need the cream cheese syrup.  I will be sure to order a FULL stack of these next time!  And probably not share, ha ha!Babycakes Cafe also has some stuff on the menu that is definitely Asian/Filipino/Hawaiian inspired.  These guys serve Spam!  Oh yeah!  The king of meats in Hawaii!  Definitely feelin' like I'm home.  Babycakes also has a Kalua Pig Benedict which definitely rings in the islands.  Don't forget Loco Moco!  It's made there too.  They serve Asian inspired Honey Toast!  Japan would be proud!  One of Babycakes biggest specialty sellers is Rick's Adobo Fried Rice.  I wish I had ordered it because it looked so yummy!  Steaming hot with a side of macaroni salad included, all I needed was to top it off with ketchup, shoyu, and Tabasco.  Breakfast nirvana I say!We'll be going here again soon.  Food was good, service was good, atmosphere is good.  I heard on the grapevine that the members of Jabbawockeez and Super Cr3w frequent Babycakes Cafe quite a bit and they love it!  I didn't see any of them in there the time we visited...but then again, how would I know what the Jabbawockeez guys look like without their white masks on?Go here for a good breakfast!  It's the most important meal of the day!  If I remember correctly, the lady owner of Babycakes Cafe was super duper, mighty fine lookin', very pretty lady!  Friendly too.  Another reason to visit sooner!
4	You will miss out if you pass up on the Red Velvet pancakes!!!!
5	I can give this the best rating without even thinking about it.  I met a friend from Arizona at Babycakes this morning for a breakfast of Red Velvet pancakes.  We each got the short stack.  The three cakes come with a dollop of whipped cream and a container of liquid cream cheese.  I thought I detected a slight vanilla flavor in the cream cheese.  It was divine!  There was also a sprinkling of mini chocolate pieces that melted from the warmth of the pancakes!I had coffee and my friend had Coke.  Service was wonderful!  Our server had a great smile and was right on top of everything.  I had a coffee refill almost before I knew I wanted one.I will be back to try some other items on the menu.  Being able to go on weekdays lessens the worry about waiting although we met at 8:30 and the place was almost filled - it is small - before 9.
5	Probably the best breakfast place in Las Vegas.. Definitely a hidden gem
5	What else is there to be said about Babycakes Cafe that hasn't been said in previous reviews? Sorry but I have to join in with the other Yelpers and just say... order the Red Velvet Pancakes. So. Good! :)
2	Seriously? All these great ratings? I was so excited to go and was quite disappointed in a few ways...We waited an hour for a table, yes the place is small, but when I see emply tables and servers staff around talking, you have to agree that the wait is not warranted.The flavors of the pancakes are quite interesting and we liked the ideas when reading the menu, but the pancakes were a little thin, dry and tough - I think a fluffy pancake is worth talking about. I will admit the cream cheese syrup was totally tasty!Call yourself BabyCakes and the Cakes should be amazing.We wouldn't go again, I can make better pancakes at home.
1	What is the hype about this place?  Located in a strip mall with a lot of parking, this place has about 6 regular tables and 6 bar tables that use high chairs.  I was going to order the chicken fried steak, but the server said it's frozen and then fried.  I asked about the corned beef hash being made scratch, but it's out of a can.  I asked if they make their biscuits from scratch and the server said "I think so.".  I was alarmed.  I went with the Kaluha pork eggs benedict with the seasoned potatoes.  Very disappointing. The potatoes are just deep fried potato cubes.  No bellpepper and onions.  The pork was smokey and just okay.  My sister had the loco moco. The gravy was bland.  The hamburger patties had a good flavor.  We also had a short stack of buttermilk cakes.  They were okay.  Nothing I would write home about.  140+ Yelpers averagin 4.5 stars really had me puzzled.  The food isn't made from scratch.  Frozen and canned just don't get me in that 4.5 star mood.  Spam is the only canned item I would accept only because you know it's canned.  Corned Beef Hash doesn't mean it's canned unless they say Hormel Corned Beef Hash.
5	Went here this morning to get takeout,,,loved it!!!  Had the chicken adobo omlette and red velvet pancakes.  It was so delish.....tried a bite in the car and ended up just eating there....we will def be back to have a sit down breakfast!!!!
4	Love when i find great new breakfast places in town. This place not only has the normal breakfast options but also more extravagant options like Red Velvet pancakes, Peanut Butter pancakes and Filipino Fare. The chicken adobo is to die for and so is the French Toast. I would suggest this breakfast spot to anyone.
2	I really wanted to give this place a better review...I mean its my people...I'm from an island culture, this is supposed to be an island inspired spot, but is was the service that stood out to me...The food is good but not great...Loco Moco, good, but its not that hard to make and for 8.25, thats a little pricey for that dish. The Adobo Fried rice is good, but similar to a lot of Filipino Adobo at any other Filipino Restaurant and again is pricey. Also, the portions are very average. Its a ten to 12 dollar meal that doesn't really fill you up like island food can, so bring a bag of chips or get ice cream on  the way home  Eggs benedict are good and there are a lot of different styles of it so that cool to try. Red Velvet pancakes are good if you really have a sweet tooth. $4 dollars for three strips of o-k tasting bacon....oh no.....The service, its a little slow...its gets really crowded, and the servers can be pretty smug...Half of the servers are really hospitable and the other half seem annoyed. We were a big group and we waited about an hour...My friends Waffles came out so late, that he asked to cancel them...for Waffles....there explanation was that the waffle machine wasn't working correctly and they wanted to make them just right...He cancelled but they still gave it him when our meal was basically done, and they still charged him...really...and they were just O-K.....I love the ideas in this restaurant, but I expected way more and have had way better food, at a better price with better service.  It was Island style Las Vegas food....
4	I know EVERY review talks about the red velvet pancakes. Yes, we HAD to try them. You can't vacation in Vegas and drive an hour out on your last day to come to a random ass cafe and NOT try their specialty item.I thought the pancakes would be too sweet, but they were perfect. My boyfriend and I split the red velvet pancakes and the specialty eggs benedict. I credit this place for introducing me to eggs benedict. I've always wanted to try them and never had until now. So. So. So. Good :)There were tons of great sounding dishes on the menu but we had to choose something. If I ever make it back to town again, I look forward to diving into some of the other yum yums. I really liked the coffee mugs here, so... I bought one for $5 as a souvenir :)
2	We came to Babycakes for a late breakfast/brunch (1:30pm) and were immediatly met with an attitude from the "hostesss" who informed us the wait would be "up to 40 minutes", I think that she could have been a little less curt. It felt as if we were bothering them by coming in this close to closing or something. With all of that said the waited ended up being about 20 minutes.The server was attentive but didn't attempt to find out if we had ever been there before nor offer up any suggestions on what we should try. My girlfriend tried the daily special "Breakfast Burritto" and it was good but not great. I ordered "Cora's Corned Beef Hash" and shame on me for not asking if the prodcut came out of a can but it was not very good. I got fooled by the "personalized" name and thought it would be something special. I ordered it with side of babycakes and they were yummy but I don' t think I could order a full size order.Overall I don't think I would go back since I am not a huge fan of pancakes and the other breakfast items were not that impressive. The service was casual but the person "greeting" you at the door was a turn-off and not welcoming at all.
1	My family and I went there on a Sunday, and as expected it was packed. Though the counter girl told us it would be a 30 to 40 minute wait and wrote our names on the list on the wall, with 4 people ahead of ours. The "hostess" was SUPER RUDE! She made it seem like they were doing US a favor by ALLOWING us to eat there! To make it worse, she started a new guest list, and after adding the next 10 customers that came in, she out those of us who had already been waiting AFTER THEM! So the 4 people in front of us quickly turned into 14 people in front of us! When I asked the hostess if she could adjust the list so that those of us who came in first could still be at the top of the list instead of the bottom, she became RUDE and snapped back "I KNOW WHAT I'M DOING!" .. well, obviously, you don't.. So, that 30-40 minute wait turned into an hour and 15 minutes and there were STILL 5 people ahead of us! Which is messed up since there was only 4 ahead of us when we got there! To make it even better, some one missed their name because they went shopping to kill time had come back 30 minutes after their name was called and was still put ahead of those who had been waiting patiently!! I regret buying those Groupon tickets for Babycakes now, because now I'm stuck either forfeiting the money or going back to that hell hole full of rudeness.  I even tried calling and speaking to a supervisor, but no one will return my calls, so I guess management cares as little for their customers as their "lovely" hostess.  I will NEVER recommend this place to anyone!! You get more friendly service at Dick's Last Resort where they intentionally treat you like crap!
5	I have been delaying my 200th review...Why????My 200th review need to be amazing, needed to be mind blowing, needed to be inspiring and of course needed to be just.... awesome.  I am not talking about my actual review of course, but of the place that I am reviewing.  Babycakes is worth my 200th slot and my 300th and my 400th and so on.It is that good.I was visiting Las Vegas from Houston a few weeks back and my family and I wanted to go get some fantastic breakfast.  My fellow yelpers told me to try this place out and after reading the reviews, I decided it was worth the try and the drive from our hotel.After a bit of complaining from my family as we drove there and found a bit of a wait, the complaining stopped the second they took a bite out of their omelet.  The four of us go different omelets and I decided to get the Macadamia Nut pancakes with my omelet.  "BEST OMELET I HAVE EVER EATEN!!!" - Family"........mmmmmm......." - MeI am having trouble finding the words to describe the food they have here.  Everything is amazing and the pancakes were RIDICULOUS!!  For example, the food was so good I ended up buying one of their mugs.  Their little Babycake mugs.  Just so I will have a memento of my favorite breakfast place on earth.Thanks rightMY FAVORITE BREAKFAST PLACE ON EARTH!!!!!!I feel like going to Vegas, but only for the Babycakes.Peace
5	Best Pancakes ever!  I've never tried buttermilk pancakes that were this fluffy...  That's why we had to come here again!And in the meanwhile, we tried most of their breakfast items:Eggs Benedict were cooked perfectly each time (3 orders total).  I prefer the ones with spinach.Red Velvet pancakes were delicious!  Never tried them before, but now I know how fluffy they are supposed to be.The omelette was also delicious.Although my wife didn't enjoy the crepe, I did; and we both agree that the sweet cream inside was outstanding.Despite going on a weekday both times, we had to wait for approximately 15 minutes.  I can imagine how long the weekend lines must get...  But so worth it!
5	I have to say this place is amazing !!!. The Red Velvet Pancakes are to die for. They give you a cream cheese syrup for it. This is a must go to place.  Be prepared for a wait as it is a small place but so worth the wait.
4	RED VELVET PANCAKES! I don't even like pancakes and I would never choose to get pancakes, but these pancakes I absolutely love and can't get enough! Genius combining red velvet with pancakes! So good. Must get this is when you come here.  It comes with whipped cream with chocolate shavings and like this white syrup. I don't know how to explain what the white syrup is, but it compliments it really well. It taste similar to the normal frosting of a red velvet cake in syrup form.  This normal breakfast dishes are good too! Small for the price, I think.  But the quality is noted.  I got the portuguese sausage with rice. MMM... Lots of Filipino influenced dishes on the menu.  I heard the Adobo omelet so bomb too.
4	LOVED the red velvet pancakes; and that wasn't even the food I ordered!! My order of eggs benedict was perfect; so mouth watering good! Also I loved that the workers were cleaning as I was there (side note: the bathroom was clean)
5	The red velvet pancakes were BOMB! This place is small and you will probably need to wait a while for a table, but it's sooooo worth the wait. Definitely will go back!!!
4	Red velvet pancakes, with a cream cheese icing syrup- absolutely amazing. No, the syrup may not have been cream cheese- I don't remember, I asked the waitress but was so blown away that I was probably busy licking my plate while she told me about how the syrup was made.The food here is astonishingly unique, fresh and tasty. We split an order of the red velvet pancakes and an order of Rick's Adobe Fried Rice (a Filipino dish) and the combo of sweet and savory was heavenly.Worth a trip from the Strip- in fact, this is the best meal we ate the entire time we were in Vegas. Cab it over to Babycakes- this beats any hotel buffet or local color greasy spoon, hands down.
4	I had pretty high expectations going into this place and while I wasn't disappointed, I wasn't swept off my feet.  I got an omelette, I forget what it was called, but it had avocado and bacon and cheese.  It was good!  It was a perfect portion for me.  The Cracked Egg has a much bigger portion but I end up with leftovers all the time anyway.  However, I am also a very small person.I loved that it only cost a couple dollars extra to upgrade my pancakes from plain buttermilk to the.. of course.. RED VELVET PANCAKES.  Lol!They were definitely good and pleasing and different however... just like my overall opinion of this place... nothing to go out of my way for.The service was attentive, and the place was very small.  I went on a weekday morning so there was no wait but I can't imagine on a weekend morning!Was pleased and will go back, but nothing I can see myself craving.
5	Amazing! Babycakes Cafe is soo delish!A girlfriend of mine told me about the hype so I decided to look it up on Yelp for confirmation. After seeing all the rave reviews we decided to save Babycakes Cafe for a Sunday brunch meal.YES it was a long wait. We arrived at 10:20am and we were seated about an hour later.That said...I feel that the wait was worth it. Everything was fresh and delicious.Our order-short stack of red velvet pancakeshuevos rancherospulled pork eggs benedictThe RED VELVET PANCAKES are really that fabulous! I'm a huge fan of red velvet anything regardless (so long as it's good cake of course) and I was a little concerned that red velvet pancakes would be too sweet for a brunch item but it was a perfect balance. It definitely had that distinct red velvet taste and smell but it wasn't overly sweet, it still tasted like a pancake. There was a sprinkling of chocolate chips and a small cup of cream cheese frosting syrup...WOW. It was so delicious :) Go to Babycakes Cafe for their delicious pancakes, it's something new, cheap, and I didn't mind the long drive from the Strip.
5	yummburger!!!  stopped here for breakfast and glad I did, great food and great service. My girl went with the pancake upgrade, definitely go with some red velvet cakes, thumbs up on those. They had a few different options that sounded sooo good. Definitely check them out
5	great food and  great place,what else is to say.I cant wait to go back and eat some more.
2	Extremely overrated. I expected much better due to the yelp reviews and the hype, but the food was mediocre. I ordered the kalua pig Benedict (two of my favorite foods combined sounded amazing) and the red velvet pancakes. The best thing about the pancakes was the whipped cream on top them. The pancakes themselves were really bland with odd tasting chocolate pieces and a decent cream cheese syrup. The concept is great and the price isnt bad but they're definitely not worth ordering again. The eggs Benedict were mediocre as well. I could get more flavorful hollandaise from ihop, which is says a lot. The pork wasnt tasty to me but I've had too much perfectly cooked kalua pork to enjoy anything less than. I thought the fried cabbage was a pretty good accent though. I'd try different menu items from this place again when it isn't as busy in hopes that it's reputation isn't pure hype but honestly this place is average at best.
5	So close to home, why haven't I found you sooner?!  Adobo fried rice and kalua pig benedict...I throughly enjoy the Hawaii twist at this place.  Biscuits and gravy and country benedict, you are going to kill me with some sort of heart and/or cholesterol thing.  But that's okay, I think I've lived a happy enough life with food as good as yours.  A place like this is what made me fall in love with breakfast again.  What?!  You sprinkle itty-bitty chocolate chips on my red velvet pancakes AND fresh whipped cream WITH a side of cream cheese syrup?  I am happy.  I will be sure to visit often and try many more things.
5	I decided to try this place after reading the reviews about the awesome Red Velvet Pancakes. I'm a huge fat kid at heart so anything RV is right up my alley.There was about a 15 minute wait when we got there (noon on a Monday). The place is pretty small so the wait times are to be expected. The menu is pretty big. They have about 12 different kinds of specialty pancakes, omelettes, crepes, breakfast items and a few lunch selections.I ordered the omelette which came with 2 pancakes that I of course upgraded to Red Velvet for an additional charge. The omelette was delicious and the breakfast potatoes were pretty good as well. I saved the best for last: The Pancakes. It was like dessert and breakfast all in one. The cream cheese "syrup" is more like icing but it gives the pancakes the real RV feel. The pancakes themselves aren't too sweet so it is a perfect balance.Next time I want to try the S'mores pancakes but that's a whole different review. :)
5	Went to visit Babycakes again and wow i love this place. Usually I just get an omelet w/red velvet pancakes which is always delicious, but yesterday I had the french toast, OMG it was amazing. The service and food is superb! A must try for sure :)
2	What is the big deal about this place?  The food is unremarkable.  Frozen potatoes and pancakes from a mix.  Their "banana pancakes" were just a couple of tough, dry pancakes with a few slices of banana on top. Nothing tasted like it was made from scratch.  The chicken fried steak was definitely a pre-breaded, frozen piece of crap.  The gravy on top also tasted canned.  I'm sure it was.Their signature Red Velvet Pancakes were alright but certainly no big deal.  Way too sweet for my taste.  I don't want dessert for breakfast.
5	The pancakes are inspired by cupcake flavors so why do people complain about it being "too sweet"? it's a panCAKE. Do these complainers want it salty or something!? The pancakes are delicious and has just the right amount of sweetness! The servers are friendly and knowledgeable about what they sell. No complaints here! They are "The Best of Las Vegas" for a reason and definitely worth the wait! Oh yeah, try the Loco Moco or Adobo Fried Rice if you wanna be in a food coma for the rest of the day :)
4	We drove across town to have breakfast here and it was worth it. Loved the red velvet pancakes! Limited seating so expect a wait. Service was friendly. Can't wait to go back.
4	This place is a guilty pleasure.  Went for breakfast with the family and we ended up passing food around the table the whole time.  All that could be heard from our table was "You have got to taste this!"  The red velvet pancakes made me feel like I was eating dessert for breakfast and so did the carrot cake pankcakes.Prices were excellent and I will defintely go back.  Our plan next time is to order different pancakes and just pass a cake around to everyone at the table.  Kinda pancake buffet style.
3	Stopped in on a Thursday morning last week.  Very quaint family run diner.  A little on the small side for Vegas but just about right for a nice sit down meal with friends and family.  Friendly atmosphere and staff make you feel like your in someone's home rather than a strip mall.Although comfortable, I did not like the bar table setup we were seated at.  About half the seating is bar height and the rest your normal booth/chair setup.Menu is a mixed bag of Breakfast fare, definitely Asian/Hawaiian influences with your typical pancakes, waffles, and benedicts.What we tried:  Loco Moco; bland gravy and patty was prepackaged and had no flavor.    Adobo fried rice; definitely fried but no distinct adobo flavor...the presentation was odd as well, almost sent it back thinking I got the wrong order (rice is stir fried then folded into an omlette) .  The macaroni salad that came with the omlete was runny and bland...and seriously who serves mac salad for breakfast?The food was decent but not exactly what I was expecting... I think maybe they are going for Hawaiian/Asain-Fusion on some of the items (Adobo Fried Rice, Kalua Pig Benedict) but for the most part I think they are missing it.  Gets pretty busy so make it early on a weekday to save yourself the wait.
1	Had Great expectations but that soon changed after the greeting from the hostess and our waitress. Bad experience overall. No, I will not be returning to Baby Cakes. Plenty of restaurants in "the neighborhood" who know the value of a customer.
5	I love food, and I have had the pleasure of experiencing tons of particularly good food in my life. Very rarely, however, have had moment where tasting food left me speechless for a full five minutes. That is exactly what happened when I tasted the red velvet pancakes at Babycakes Cafe. There is absolutely no way 5 stars does them justice. They are heaven personified in a pancake. The other food I tasted was exceptional as well. The eggs, hashbrowns and bacon I had were cooked right to order and very fresh. The person I went with tried one of the Benedict options, and it was quite tasty too with homemade hollandaise. I also sampled the honey whole wheat pancakes and they were marvelous. Their secret is entirely homemade pancake batters, and the work pays off. Service was satisfactory; we were always greeted with a smile by every employee we came across and the food came out quickly despite being quite busy at the cafe. This place is well worth the drive from where I live in the University area, and I will be back.
5	I am a breakfast snob... I've been perfecting my own omelette making skills since I was 11 (I'm now 30) and I enjoy cooking in general... so for me to get out of the house for breakfast, it better be darn good.That said, I am a regular at BabyCakes Cafe.  The pancakes are far better than I can ever make at home, and they've spoiled me with awesome toppings such as fresh whipped cream (i.e. not that junk from a can)... also not something I would take the time to do at home.These few negative reviews were clearly written by someone who came once when they were in a bad mood, or for whatever reason had an isolated bad experience.  I have eaten here dozens of times and from that more proper sampling I can say that this place knows how to "break the fast" better than anywhere else I have tried in Vegas.I usually don't care much for taking the time to write reviews (I know, I'm a jerk), but I am taking the time to create a yelp login just so I can review BabyCakes because it's that good... and everyone I bring there loves it.
4	Went there again, still very good except...skip the garlic fried rice.  As you can see by my pic, it doesn't look or taste like what you would expect from a fried rice.  It does have a garlic taste to it, but there isn't anything in it but onions and rice (that is a bit greasy).  Not worth the extra dollar I had to pay.  Other than that, thumbs up!
5	Maybe it was because I was blazed but the red velvet pancakes are one of the best things I've ever had in my life. Everything else we ordered was good too. Prob the only "casual" breakfast spot ive been to in vegas that actually made over-medium eggs the way i like- No runny whites (yuck) Highly recommend! Seating isn't very cozy but it works..
3	I came with Angela H. to use up my groupon. I've been planning to go for a while, but the closing at 2/3pm is sometimes hard for me to get to.I have been very curious about the Red Velvet and the adobo rice omelette. I was wondering if I can get both, but no way can I dip into a short stack and a large omelette. I ended up getting portuguese sausage,eggs, rice w/ a upgrade on the 2 pancakes to be red velvet. The food is just fine- I would be sad if a hyped place cant fry a sausage and eggs but they were cooked just right. The red velvet pancakes were pretty good. I like that it wasn't too sweet with the icing, it was just right. I thought I wouldn't be able to eat it if it was too rich, but I emptied up my plate. Angelas sandwich looked good and I stole a chip from her which was decent.  Service was just alright and fairly friendly. I can see why people like it. It is decent breakfast, but was my meal wait worthy? No. I hear about hour + wait on weekends and I don't know if I want a pancake and basic sausage and eggs that badly. The BF and I might try to bring the family on the weekends, put my name in and go pick them up so that I can try other signature dishes to see how I feel about this place. So far though, red velvet pancakes deserves a return visit but that's not enough to say this is THE place for breakfast.
5	Can you saaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay Red Velvet Pancaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaakes!!! I can.  Me and my family went here for breakfast on 5/3/12 and after 6 months of researching for a great place to eat breakfast in Vegas i was set on Babaycakes after reading about thier red velvet pancakes.  Yum!  Im a fanatic about awesome breakfast and red velvet cake so to find a place that puts both of things together in to one dish made my day.  I got the long stack which came with six pancakes and a heaping scoop of whipped cream, butter and these chocolate chip coco nib things.  When i bit in to it the cakes were nice and warm and had just the perfect amount of sweetness with the cream cheese syrup.  Perfection.  The whipped cream and cocoa nib things were just the perfect amount of sweetness and was not overly sweet especially for me a person who doesnt have a sweet tooth.  It was heaven on a plate.  When i was done i felt very fool and satisfied with nothing left on my plate.  My lady had the breakfast burrito and it was really good espcially because i have a high standard for breakfast foods and its hard to mess it up.  My daughters shared the usual which was scrambled eggs, sausage and the regular pancakes.  My mother inlaw had portuguese sausage and french toast and she really liked it she said it reminded her of home and made her feel like she never left Maui lol.       All the food was exceptional for diner food and the prices were very reasonable.  Babycakes is a little restaurant outside the Las Vegas strip probably a 13 min. drive but well worth it.   The atmosphere and decor is like a typical diner. but more hip because it has a flat screen tv lol.  The service was exceptional and attentive and our waiter was very nice and patient and hooked it up with some crayons and paper for my girls.  Our food took about 15 mins which is not that long but like the drive its well worth the wait for it.  All the food came out hot and steaming although the presentation isnt anything to write home about, but once you take that first bite, devine!  Are you drooling yet???     I highly recommend this place for breakfast people especially for those that love red velvet cake.  When you pull up to this place it seems like its a hole in the wall but once you walk in its a whole different world.  I believe its one of the best breakfast spots in the area and even though its away from the strip it creates a suspence so dramatic that once you get there you wish it didnt end lol.  Enjoy!
4	It wasn't bad, the red velvet pancakes are definitely worth checking out if you've never been there. They have a lot of off the wall breakfast items that make it interesting but I probably wouldn't go back. I'm not from Vegas so when I do visit I'm on the strip at a hotel, this restaurant isn't bad at all but it isn't close to the strip either.
5	Not gonna lie i love pancakes and i love adobo fried rice....i was reading reviews on this place and realized its like 5min away from where i work and live....So during my lunch break i convinced my coworkers to order from here so we did a group buy and we split an order of red velvet pancakes just so we could try them.  And let me tell you we were all very pleased with our meals and know for sure we will def. be ordering from here again.The chicken adobo fried rice was awesome and it def hit the spot as being from Hawaii, adobo fried rice is a common thing out there and here in Vegas its always nice to find local Hawaii styled eateries. Yet again another local styled place here in Vegas that makes me less home sick. The service is quick and friendly and the portions are decent for the prices. There is ample parking and its free and its very easy to find as it sits right on buffalo. Def a place i highly recommend for a great breakfast and lunch.
5	Food was great. Very clean. Staff very helpful. Very family oriented. Definately a must go in vegas. Well worth it
4	This small eatery is very popular, but our timing was perfect so were immediately seated After reviewing the menu and ogling the plates on surrounding tables we decided to share short stacks of red velvet and strawberry pancakes.  The red velvet pancakes are topped with whipped cream and chocolate chips with a cream cheese syrup served on the side.  The strawberry pancakes include sliced strawberries, a dollop of whipped cream, powdered sugar and strawberry sauce
4	Not sure to give this a 4 star or just a 3......After driving 15 min from the strip and being told of a 45 min wait we decided to wait. After watching tables staying open for over 20 min I asked why no one was being seated and they told me they have 2 large groups they were saving them for so they could push them together. 15 min later they were able to seat the first group of 10  This place is just way too small for groups! I would suggest having one area for groups if any.  Our wait turned out to be over an hour! I watched several people walk in and back out. I will say the food is very good! LOVED the Red Velvet pancakes....just not sure the wait was worth it!
4	The wait is absolutely bananas. BUT, I did manage to make a few people angry by realizing that take out is 100 times more convenient than sitting in a small dining area and waiting for an hour. I ordered and left.. in about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, all the angry folks stared as we walked out with our delicious meals in hand. As for the food, the red velvet pancakes are definitely a must try. We built our own omelette, that was just okay. The seasoned potatoes are  little fried cubes of tastiness. Ohh, add some blueberry pancakes, and we filled our tanks up with only $22. AHHHH- MAZING.
5	Awesome, food was incredible.  we had the red velvet pancakes. Perfectly sweet and airy.  I also had the eggs Benedict with pork which was also amazing.  The pork was tender and juicy.  They were running behind and had lots of customers.  They were so kind they gave us a discount on our bill since we waited forever.  Awesome customer service.Atmoshphere       8Service                  10Food                       990%  27/30 points
5	Headed (way) off-strip to try this little cafe with my son, based purely on the strong Yelp review. Despite being some twenty minutes from our hotel, it did not disappoint! We arrived around 8:30 on a Saturday and waited about 20 minutes for a table. Not too bad considering the size, which is pretty small.My son ordered the standard Buttermilk pancakes with a side of bacon and I had Honey Whole Wheat pancakes. In a nutshell, everything was terrific! The bacon was thick and generous and the pancakes were a good size and prepared perfectly! I resent not ordering the Red Velvet, after seeing it delivered to the table next to us, but that is what next time is for!Certainly worth the trip if you're in the city and want to avoid a $40 room service omelet or the ridiculous buffet lines. Can't wait to come back and give it another go!
5	Nothing bad to be said this place is awesome and always busy so get here early and enjoy.
5	let see.....come early.bring a book, your ipad.. a game device... something because you are in for a wait.  truly though.. it's well worth it.  all reviews are raving about the red velvet pancakes and every positive review is the truth!  it's so moist and yummy it's unexplainable.  so my little family of 4:  2 adults, 2 tweens... each ordered something different so we could all share.  mom: loco moco : which was tasty.. nothing special.. all beef patty with yummy gravy over rice, topped with an egg over easy.dad:  adobo fried rice : super filling and yummy.. this omelet of chicken adobo fried rice wrapped in an egg is huge.  share.daughter:  s'more pancakes... and a side of eggson:  spam scramble... it is what it is.. and it is goooood.  :Dand of course... the red velvet pancake!  YUUUUUM-ME!totally be prepared for the wait.  it's a wait.  they tell everyone 20 minutes and it can carry over 30.  the place is small and with a million people waiting to get in, it's obvious why there's a wait.  i can't wait till this thing spreads like wildfire and chains open.. or they make it bigger.. we definitely need one of these babies in the southwest area!!!*hint *hint!
5	Listen up Yelpers cause this is a must try.First off, I usually don't eat breakfast, at home or in a restaurant and if I ever do, I NEVER get pancakes so with that said let's start the review.3 words: RED VELVET PANCAKES.I would say that that's all that needs to be said but I just have to go on and on and on about how fraking good these pancakes are. They are FANTASTIC. The only good thing about living on the side of town that I do live on is the fact that Babycakes is walking distance away from my apartment complex.For a college student, Babycakes can get a bit expensive if you're going there every week but the food that they have is definitely worth it. I don't just eat the pancakes, my favorite dis is the Kalua Pork Benedict. OH MY GOODNESS I kill for this stuff. MmMmMm.. I drool just thinking about it.Now if you've never been here and you're a local, try to get here as early as possible because it gets REALLY busy as in.. long long wait times busy. Another thing to keep in mind is that it's only open for a limited time each day.. so check that out before you head out.If you're reading this.. just stop.. hop in your car.. and head over there right now, even if it isn't open.
5	Bookmarked forever.  Read a ton of reviews.  It's like a group mantra.  RVP RVP RVP RVP RVP RVP RVP RVP.We were so excited to finally come here and it lived up to the hype.  Got the large stack of RVP and an order of their homemade corned beef hash which came with eggs and home fries along with a short stack of S'mores.  Is this breakfast or dessert?Holy pancake overload, Batman!  Everything was delicious.  My wife said it was the best corn beef hash she had ever eaten.  We finished everything and went into a  total food coma.  3pm turned into nap time and I don't think we had dinner that night.  Not sure if it was the carb overload or the sugar crash or both but wow.I'm gonna do something eggy next time with a short stack so it doesn't kill me for the rest of the day.  This place is definitely worth the trip though.  Friendly staff!
4	An incredible place to go for breakfast (I have only been on the weekend). Make sure you are ok with waiting to be sat, there is always a waiting list (20 to 35 minutes). The food is cooked with love and the Red Velevet pancakes and kahlua  egs benedict are both incredibly memorable. When a place like this can consistently deliver me eggs benedict with slow roasted Pork on it and the english muffin is crunchy every time it's impressive. As is the fact that the RV pancakes are more like a pancake then a breakfast sugary cupcake you will wish you got 2 orders. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the wait to sit down. Not sure if that is fair so consider this a 5 star if you are less of an ass#$(* then I.
4	loved the red velvet pancakes!
5	brunch fanatic? you HAVE to try babycakes out, trust me, your stomach will THANK you!what i ate:- daily special: breakfast burrito: potatoes, bacon (your choice of breakfast protein), eggs, cheese. everything inside was cooked to PERFECTION. im not kidding you! the potatoes were crispy edged fluffy potato pillows. the eggs werent overly mushy or overly hard. the cheese was melted. even the freaking tortilla was soft and hot and oh so yummy. i cant believe im raving so much about a breakfast burrito. my only gripe was that my korean tongue wanted more of a KICK to the burrito so i added globs of cholulu hot sauce. i wish it had come with some pico de gallo or something for some extra heat. - daily special: cinnamon bun pancakes: this was cinnamon toast crunch cereal in PANCAKE FORM. the texture, the flavors, the buttermilk was all there. delicious- short stack of the FAMOUS red velvet pancakes: hands down the BEST red velvet pancakes ive had. the pancakes were cooked perfectly - the edges were cripsy, and they were cooked all the way. they were tender, but not mushy. just enough bite without being overcooked. the cream cheese syrup? genius! huge dollop of whipped cream with chocolate shavings on top? this was PERFECTION- pig omelet w/hashbrowns: we had to get it cause of the name. the pig omelet? filled with various porky products - ham and bacon. we added spinach because we thought a lil green wouldnt hurt, espcially with our sugar overload. also cooked perfectly. the eggs werent tough, but tender and the cheese was perfectly melted. the hashbrowns were thin and crispy and cooked! - coffee: MUST get the coffee! its a great cup of joe to help wash down the rest of your mealpros:- FOOD. i cant speak for their lunch menu, but from what ive eaten from the brunch/breakfast menu, i have to say that everything was cooked so well. nothing was over or under cooked. everything was seasoned well. i was happy to see some hawaiian/flip dishes on the menu too! definitely want to try those next time- service: staff were all friendly and courteous. service with a smilecons:- the WAIT. my friend and i waited about an hour for a table for two at 11am on a sunday. the place is SMALL and tucked in some random corner of a very dead plaza. but to be honest the wait was WORTH it! - off the strip. this is definitely a locals joint! kind of far to eat if youre staying on the stripwould i come again? YES YES YES!
4	Breakfast is my "thing" and I struggle to find great breakfast spots in area neighborhoods. Heard about Babycakes a while back and finally tried it this morning with another breakfast lover. The menu is phenomenal. I'd go back with a large group - preferably after running a marathon so I could indulge guilt-free! This is a breakfast and lunch place but I was all about breakfast.  The menu featured any kind of egg item imaginable - many omelettes. Eggs benny. Etc.  And this place is a carb lover's dream come true. Pancakes. Waffles. Crepes. Combos. I tried an egg combo with poached eggs and turkey bacon so I could enjoy bites of two different types of pancakes - banana and also peanut butter. (Go with someone you feel very comfortable with so you can share and sample, as I did today.)   The peanut butter pancakes (studded w/chocolate chips) were outstanding. So good that I was content after a few delicious bites. I'd love to try the cinnamon bun pancakes (a special this week) or the mac nut pancakes. The menu also featured carrot cake pancakes, s'mores, lemon ricotta and many others.  Side items include everything imaginable plus some more unusual items, like garlic fried rice. The eggs benny varieties were also impressive!  Kalua pig eggs benny, for example. Loved the inventive and affordable kids menu , which features a grilled PB&J.  This places gets really busy on weekends so trying it for the first time during the week is a good idea.  Was worried the hightop tables would be uncomfortable but the leather barstools were great - they also had some lower tables.  I loved that the combos are so inventive and that the menu was so extensive.
5	OMG.. LOVE THIS PLACE... I know everyone rave about the red velvet pancake (which was not bad) but the SMORE pancake... it was SO GOOD~  the marshmallows and chocolate chips were mixed into the batter and you could definitely taste it.  And of course they topped the pancakes off with MORE marshmallows and chocolate chips + whipped cream...  I didn't even have to add the syrup they gave me and it was tasty enough.Besides from the pancake, we got the kalua pork benedict.  That was also really good with the combination of cabbage.
4	I've been looking forward to eating here for months! I've been busy but finally, I managed to plan another mini road trip:Just like my donut adventure I filled up gas night before, google mapped babycakes, set the alarm....went to bed early. DESTINATION: Babycakes.Mission: red velvet pancakes & kalua pig eggs benedict!!I  was SUPER EXCITED! :) I was coming from Henderson, I also had to pick up my friend, hop on 3 freeways, and took about an hour to get there, it was definitely a mini-road trip! Before I left the house, I made sure I had my coffee and cold water. I woke up at 8, picked up my friend, and got to Babycakes at 10. Not bad. It was a weekday 10am, and there was a wait. Not complaining, but just want to mention that. We waited almost an hour for a table. When we got there it was PACKED! And there was at least 10 people ahead of us, and some waiting outside. If there's a long wait.... it MUST be good. I don't mind waiting if it's something worth waiting for. And having a friend with me, we were able to do a lot of catching up! With women, that's always a good thing! You know we love to talk! hehe :P It was about an hour wait... till we got our table. 11am. We already knew what we wanted, we did some research on the menu online the night before. hehe. Full stack red velvet pancakes, kalua pig eggs benedict, and fried rice omelet PLEASE! And bring on the coffee, lots of it! Our waitress was really nice. Checked up on us every few mins, offered to refill our drinks and coffee. And didn't rush us, she even told us that there's no rush and we can still have coffee and chat even after finishing our meal. .......................Not sure if anyone else mentioned this but their COFFEE, is aaaaaaammazing!!!!!! I had about 4 cups of it! hahaI LOVE coffee, but I don't drink that much every morning, I have 1 cup a day. But at Babycakes, It was like crack! I had 4 cups, I need to find out what it is!!!! So anyways, on to the glorious food. I had the Kalua Pig Eggs Benedict, my friend had the Fried Rice Omelet, and we shared the red velvet pancakes. Honestly.... Surprisingly, I fell more in love with the kalua pig eggs benedict!!! I was looking forward to loving the pancakes more, but it was the opposite. I didn't think I would like the k.p.e. benedict, it was just suppose to be "something to try."But I fell....... hard.There's just something about the yellow (hollaindaise?) sauce that was different than any other I had before. My fave meal of the day is breakfast, and my two fave breakfast items are pancakes and eggs benedict. I'm from Hawai'i and I love kalua pig, but on a eggs benedict...??? Who would've thought?! It's aaaaaaaamazing! They were HEAVENLY!  It's definitely a must try! I sampled my friend's fried rice omelet.....and I gotta say, I've had better. It was HUGE though. My friend didn't finish it, but didn't take it home either. Okay now on to the star of the show: The Red Velvet Pancakes.Hmmm... honestly, I think it's too hyped up. I've had pancakes else where and this didn't top it. It may be b/c my cousin makes these totally awesome red velvet cakes that can't compare to anyone elses... so the flavoring for the red velvet pancakes were just.... okay-good. My friends who told me about it, they loved it and said you don't have to add the cream cheese syrup, but I had to. I love intense flavors. It was Not spectacular. not heavenly. :( and I was sooo looking forward to it. My expectations were too high. We ordered a full stack, it comes with 6 pancakes. The pancakes were thin and seemed small. For me, good pancakes = thick & fluffy, and at least medium size or large size. They seemed like they were smaller than those photos posted here or on their website. I don't think it was worth the $9 bucks. And I expected the chocolate chips to be slightly melted so I can smear it on my pancakes but they weren't. The red velvet pancakes are a good idea but I think they could've done better. But I will still try their other pancakes next time I'm there. They were good, but this is not something I would look forward to the next time I'm here.  Others have different opinions so try it out for yourself. My friends who have tried, loved it. Don't take my word for it! It's definitely a must try, at least once! OH...... and if I haven't mentioned it yet, they play HAWAI'IAN MUSIC here!!!!!!!That's the first thing I noticed when I stepped in and I felt like I was back home. :) That's definitely a plus with me. The owners are from Hawai'i. And with the good service and essence of it, they post the kids colorings of their mascot up (that's cute.) I felt like I was at a breakfast place back home. :)Looking forward to my next visit, I want to try the spinach eggs benedict and the smore pancakes. Rumor has it the owner is looking into creating a 2nd location, I hope she puts it in Henderson! :) Cuz the 1 hour drive is too far! But still worth it. ;)
3	So, I finally got to go here.  I brought my dad here for a belated fathers day breakfast.   We both had the two egg breakfast with pancakes-regular and red velvet.  First, my eggs were delicious!  They tasted so fresh and were cooked just as I had asked-over medium.  I got them with seasoned potatoes which were not seasoned at all-just fried little squares.  But, that is fine cuz they soaked up my yolk just fine.  Dad said his eggs were great and he got hashbrowns that were cooked perfectly crispy and not at all greasy.Now onto the pancakes.  He got just the plain pancakes and they were not good at all!  It was like the dry mix was missing the sugar or there was too much baking soda.  They almost had a sour taste-blech. I was dying to try the red velvet.  I love, love, love red velvet cupcakes but sometimes they are just too sweet for me.  So when i read about these and that they aren't that sweet I had to come in and try them.  Okay, they were just okay.  I just feel like there was something missing.  They were a good texture and the cream cheese syrup was okay.  I will come back and try other things.  The omletes looked really good as do the eggs benedict, sandwiches...well it all looked good.  This is a nice small NON-CHAIN (love that) place that hopefully continues to do well and sticks around.  We need more of this kind establishment to help give the town some heart!
4	The staff is very friendly. Service is good. Food is also very good. For guys, sitting and being able to watch ESPN on with flat screen is an added plus! :-)
3	Super cute little breakfast/brunch joint with a pretty unique menu - not your standard generic breakfast. I was excited to try the red velvet pancakes, which did live up to the hype. They're so pretty and fluffy with great flavor. Even just a half stack is more than enough, I think the full would've been too much of a good thing.Wheat French toast kind of looks more like pork chops in my pic, but its actually thick slabs of bread dipped in a corn flake crust for a really different texture. I was excited to try their French toast based on the description, but it was a little dry and overwhelmingly sweet to me. I ended up just having 1 piece. I didn't try my friend's strawberry crepe, but presentation was pretty. Service was surprisingly bad despite it being pretty slow. I'm always a little shocked when little homey restaurants like this don't provide good service. There were maybe 10 tables max with 2 or 3 servers working. The waitress was sweet and nice, but I almost had to beg her for a 3rd place setting. We also ceased to exist once the food came, had to beg again for a refill of their watered down coffee. Tried unsuccessfully twice to flag her down to pay the bill, only to be told that she didn't do that - we had to pay up front. I really wanted to love this place because it was so cute, but I don't think ill be back. Just have to be on the lookout for another place w red velvet pancakes.
5	Well worth the drive from henderson! Red velvet pancakes a MUST! I got a short stack and it was plenty! Take the trip there! I promise you wont be dusappointed
4	The Red Velvet Pancakse are more like a dessert than a breakfast item. When judged as a dessert, they're not that amazing. I think people are getting excited over the fact that they can eat breakfast and have it taste like dessert here! haha.  I did love the whole wheat French Toast though. The Kailua Pigg Egg thingy got a lot of positive reviews so I gave it a whirl, not to my liking but probably enjoyable to most. There's a lot of talk about the wait here. I went at 11:00 on a Wednesday expecting it to not be busy because it's a breakfast place. WRONG! We had to wait like everyone else, and yes, even though there seemed to be tables around. Waitress was really good!
5	If you want an awesome breakfast experience that will delight you in the morning and make you feel happy for the rest of the day - then eat here!  BUT, you must either come really early to ensure you are not waiting in line too long, or come an hour and a half before it closes (considered lunch time - or Brinner if you will) so that the wait isn't as long as in the morning.  I ordered the Adobo fried rice.  It comes wrapped up in an egg omelete.  A little much egg for me, but the adobo fried rice itself was really good!  In fact, my mouth is watering as I'm typing this out.  That's how good it is!Then I ordered a short stack of the Peanut Butter and Jelly pancakes with banana.  Best pancakes I have ever had.  I loved it!You have to come here and order both an entree and another entree just for the pancakes.  You will not regret the calorie intake!The people I came with had the corn beef hash, the portoguese sausage and eggs, and of course the infamous red velvet pancakes.  The full stack is huge!  They both very much enjoyed their meal as well.I HIGHLY recommend this place.  It's so good!
4	There is a breakfast cafe in Hawaii called Cinnamons, and this by far is the closest thing to it I have found here in Vegas, it transports me back to Hawaii whenever I eat here, and get the Red Velvet pancakes or Spam and eggs or Eggs Benedict which is my favorite by far. And just like Hawaii you have to get there early to get a table LOL
5	oh my goodness...i think this has to be one of the best breakfast places i've ever been to...ever...and definitely the best in las vegas...so far each time i've been the food has been excellent...have yet to try the red velvet pancakes...just so many good things on the menu it's hard to decide...and the staff is super sweet!!!  can't wait to go back!
4	Yes it's small and the wait can be long, but came here with my family on 7/6/2011 and was not disappointed. The red velvet pancakes were fantastic. Also ordered the Adobo fried rice, which I wouldn't again. But the pancakes would bring me back, and soon. Compared to the awful experience I had the following day at Egg Works on Flamingo, the service here is phenomenal. Definitely worth the drive from West Summerlin.
5	Seriously...red velvet pancakes? How can anyone not like this place? Yes, it is a bit expensive, but service comes with a smile.I ordered the full stack of red velvet pancakes, with a side of eggs, and a side of portugese sausage (there were three of us). The syrup on the pancakes was amazing...the red velvet pancakes were beautiful, but sort of tasteless (at least I couldn't really tell they were flavored). However, the sprinkling of chocolate flakes and the whipped cream more than made up for it.I love everything about this place and I would highly recommend those who only stay and play on the Strip to make this 30 minute drive to Northern Vegas for this breakfast treat.This place also has no affiliation with the Baby Cakes bakery at M Hotel.
3	Cute place to go in the morning to meet a friend or two. The service is average and food is tasty. The wait can be ridiculous, but you don't go there because you are short on time. You have a very open choice of pancakes and other breakfast fare.
5	I've been wanting to try Babycakes for a few months, and I am pleased to say it lived up to the hype and then some.  Hubby and I had omelettes and upgraded to "specialty" pancakes--red velvet and carrot.  Can't decide which were better.  I thought they would be too sweet, but they were just right.  Service was excellent, as was the coffee (Seattle's Best).  No, this is not some cheap breakfast joint.  It is a gem!
5	Ohh man.... this place is soo good! My friend recommended this place. He said to try the Red Velvet Pancakes. I'm glad I listened. The drive is like 20 mins from the strip. I walked in and it was packed. Decided to take food to go. Ordered the Red Velvet Pancakes and the Loco Moco. Shoots!! First off let me tell you about the pancackes. Soft, moist & delicious!! The taste was not to sweet like a regular Red Velvet cake. The cream frosting and crushed macadamia nuts complimented it just right. And the Loco Moco was the biz! Gravy was soo good! It had little chopped up mushrooms too. Patty and egg cooked just right. This place will definitely be a must next time I'm back in Vegas. I highly recommend that you try this spot out.
3	Although it has been on my bookmarks for some time, I am plagued by the Vegas reluctance to drive more than 20 minutes to get to my destination. Going to the Las Vegas Premium Outlets North cut the trek in half and gave me a reason to explore this beautiful side of town.My sister and I thought that we had outsmarted the regular rush but there was still a wait on a Wednesday afternoon. It makes sense since Babycakes can only seat 50 people and has a total of 10-15 tables depending on how they breakdown the seating. The place is quaint. The hostess/cashier saw us come in and placed us on the list without us having to approach her. Fifteen minutes later we were sat. It took another ten minutes and a few puzzled glances to get a waitress over to take our drink order. Once we were noticed, the service improved. Between the two of us we shared the lemon ricotta crepe/pancakes and the adobo fried rice. There were three thin cakes, dusted with powder sugar with butter, lemon wedges,maple syrup, and more powder sugar on the side. The crepes were crisp. The traditional lemon and sugar combination was nice. We did not taste the ricotta though. I wished it was thinly layered on each instead of mixed into the batter. My Filipino friends will probably scold me for getting such an easily made dish, but the adobo was decent. It was more salty than sour or sweet, but balanced well with the omelet wrapped around it. Not being a big fan of mayo, we subbed the mac salad for house potatoes. They were seasoned well, but could have been more brown. For both meals, we left satisfied for less than eighteen dollars before tip.
4	This place must have the best red velvet pancakes in town. Came here not expecting much. Decided to get their Mexican omelet with a side of red velvet pancakes and it was pretty darn good breakfast. Definitely have to recommend this to others. They've got pretty long wait times so be prepared and they close pretty early too. Only reason i didn't give this place 5 stars was because they are pretty stingy with their orange juice. Lol.
4	Nice Hawaiian vibe. Staff are friendly and efficient. The red velvet pancakes are a must and everything else is average in taste and a staple in breakfast. They offer spam,eggs, and rice. With a few flat screen tv around the small but cute restaurant
3	It is hit or miss with this place. Sometimes I get really good pancakes, other times not so much. I usually order the peanut butter and banana pancakes. Sometimes there is peanut butter in them, other times there is not. The red velvet everybody raves about is good. Pretty sweet. It is like you are eating dessert for breakfast. I think they definitely need to get a bigger space. The line can be really long. Quick service is a plus. I will be back.
3	Pancakes were really fluffy and sweet. I also loved the Hawaiian/breakfast food combo. I ordered a spam, rice, and mac salad with a side of blueberries pancakes. Sounds weird but its yummy. Great place for breakfast!
3	I really like this place and this is the first less than meal I have head there. I usually get the adobo fried rice and it is always good. Today my wife had the Loco Moco and it was great. I tried the biscuits and gravy and it was poor. The biscuits tasted like they were the nasty cheap frozen kind and the the gravy was bland and luke warm upon arrival. I believe this is an isolated incident as the other dozen or so times I have been there the food was good. So I rate them A-OK.
2	Hearing praises from friends and reading about it elsewhere, I was initially overjoyed to end up here after a shopping trip with my brother at the Premium Outlets North. However, the service and the food were lackluster at best.Being seated on a Wednesday afternoon, my brother and I were fully expecting to evade the normal rush. However, this didn't stop service from being inattentive and practically non-existent. Sitting for a few minutes without being acknowledged at our table, another waitress noticed our unsettled behavior, and quickly made amends with service. Normally, I'd understand a wait, but Babycakes has about 15 tables throughout the restaurant. Small is an understatement, and in this, I didn't understand the neglectful service we received. I felt more attended to by our neighboring table's child than by the wait staff. My brother and I shared the Lemon Ricotta pancakes and the adobo fried rice. The adobo fried rice was nothing special - other than surprising me in being wrapped in an omelet. The Lemon Ricotta pancakes were the biggest disappointment. I fully expected lemony, fluffy crepes; however, what was placed on my table were dry, bland crepes. Nowhere could I identify an ounce of ricotta, and the only lemon throughout was squeezed on myself. The price is decent for the portions we got, but the taste isn't justified for that price. Overall, for such an adorable concept, I was disappointed by the lack of service and lack of flavor.
5	Babycakes, you officially ruined every future trip to Vegas. I can not live being within close vicinity to those mouthwatering cakes and not going back. That's right, this place is good enough to take your hungover a** in the car and drive 15 mins of the strip to get replenished by Red Velvet Pancakes. My boyfriend was whining and griping about going so far to eat breakfast. I had Babycakes bookmarked for a year, and there was NOTHING that was going to stop me. We got a short stack of the cakes and a spinach benedict to share. After one bite, he was singing the same tune. Just what we needed to soak up all the liquor from the night before. Babycakes, I love you.
2	First, let me start by saying that I LOVE the food at this restaurant, but the last time I was here, it made me rethink ever coming back again.  That makes me SOOO disappointed, because they have a great restaurant, but some of their staff is ruining it for customers  :(****ASK FOR ANOTHER WAITRESS if you get "FELICIA" (Phyllicia)****I was beyond frustrated with that waitress' attitude when she put her friends (2 people she knows) ahead of  ***SIX***  groups of people who were patiently waiting for the next available table.  It was appalling that when I asked a male waiter why she let them cut in front of everyone, both him and Felicia (Phylicia) **LAUGHED** and did not take the customers' concern seriously.I was polite when I asked about the situation, but their attitude back towards me was rather rude.  Finally (after much debate), she told her friends they had to leave (since they clearly were skipping the line ahead of all those people waiting and they didn't even have a reservation).  However, she continued to give mean looks to myself and other customers who complained to her about this unfair situation, while we were finally seated and eating our meal.  Very poor service.So again.... do yourself a favor... if Felicia (Phyllicia) is still working there, then ask for another waitress.  She is absolutely rude to customers and it's not worth the hassle.
5	It was a Monday at work.  I felt lonely at lunch.  I wanted to eat to give myself a false sense of happiness.  Good idea, right???I fear change, so I got an omelet.  With egg whites and no cheese.  I wanted to be healthy.  It was still good.  Part of me wanted to get the adobo chicken or loco moco.  But I didn't, and got an omelet.  Egg whites, spinach, bacon, and mushrooms.  Solid breakfast here.  Instead of the normal side of pancakes, I got the red velvet pancakes to make up for my healthiness.  Wow, these were good.  I bet people who love sweet foods over savory would thoroughly enjoy this.I would come here to check it out, but the long lines I'm not so sure about.
1	Me and 2 kids went in on a Friday morning for breakfast.  1/2 the tables were empty, but we were told there was a 20 minute wait for a table.  We waited in the tiny entry way with about 5 other parties while tables cleared and no one was seated.   Some people who the hostess apparently knew were offered coffee while they waited, but nobody else was.  Our 20 minute wait was actually a 40 minute wait.  We ordered red velvet pancakes, smores pancakes and an omelet. We all thought the food was awful.  It was obviously prepared quickly and just slopped on the plates.  No taste and very poor presentation.  Another thing that really irritated me was $3 for a kid's apple juice.  That is just wrong.
2	We went early today ( Saturday) knowing that the wait is usually long. We waited about 20 minutes, not too bad but we won't be coming here any time soon on our own volition. I ordered the Huntington Omelette-  the omelette kinda sucked- the avocado on top was not ripe and the cheese had no flavor. The hash browns which we ordered extra crispy were only half cooked (hate to see how they would have been otherwise).   I did not bother to take more than 4 or 5 bites. I did order the Red Velvet Pancakes-  they deserved 4 stars! They were very good.   My husband ordered  the corned beef hash which he said  was "nothing to write about.  He thought it tasted very bland & almost canned although the menu states it was home made.  He was also disappointed in the hash browns.  He ordered the Smores pancakes.  He liked them-I found them way too sweet..  Service was quick and our server was pleasant.
5	So I finally got to eat here after spending the summer out of town. The server said it was a rather slow morning, so we got fairly lucky. I did my research prior and read most of the current yelps and decided I would try it out myself. We were greeted with a smile and offered drinks almost right away, surprised that someone could be that happy at 730 in the morning. She was attentive and helped us guide our way throughout the menu to her favs, and we decided to order a full stack of red velvet to share and a country Benedict. When the food hit the table about 10 mins later I was amazed. Everything was beautiful and served with the right portions. The red velvet was soft and lived up to every part of the hype it deserves. So as I went back and wanted to review babycakes I noticed some of the more negative reviews and I started to wonder, does anyone address the issues as they sit in the restaurant? When the server comes back to check on your meal do you attempt to have the errors corrected or do u sit here and yelp about an issue you never asked to be fixed in the first place. The employees here seem so willing to help that I can't imagine anyone leaving here dissatisfied.  I'm sure remaking something your not happy with wouldn't be a problem. Take it from me babycakes goes above and beyond with theie service and homemade goodness they call breakfast, this place is a must try!
4	When I hear "Babycakes Cafe" my brain shouts, "YUM!:Babycakes is an amazing semi-new breakfast spot. Their menu consists of traditional American favorites along with Fillipino and Hawaiian delights.The place is really small and on the weekends, the wait is anywhere between 30 to 60 minutes long. The service is wonderful and is owned by a local family and not some huge chain, which I love seeing in Vegas. They know regulars by name.My favorite thing is the fun pancakes they serve: s'mores, red velvet, German chocolate... the list goes on people.They also have daily specials.Definitely worth the trip and the wait if you're not in the area and not in any rush (especially on the weekends).
4	Great breakfast spot. Small but not too crowded on a weekday. Service was decent and the Red Velvet pancakes and Kahlua Pigs Benedict are very tasty. The menu selection is pretty wide for those who are looking to steer away from the norm. Will definitely come again.
4	Wowee!  I finally got to eat here after hearing all about the red velvet pancakes.  I waited until a day that I had a good, long workout in before venturing over and imbibing what I assumed would be massive amounts of carbs.  Today was that day:  I ran 10 long miles (triathlon training) beforehand and then met a friend at 8:30am for the sugar-fest.  There was a short wait for our table since this is a cozy, little joint, but we were seated in 5 minutes instead of the 15 that was initially mentioned.  Service was very friendly and attentive throughout the meal.  Afraid that the red velvet pancakes would be just too sweet for a whole breakfast, I ordered the corned beef hash, eggs over medium, and hash browns with the pancakes on the side.  Yes, this girl can eat!  The nice surprise is that the pancakes were not as sweet as expected.  Yes, they come topped with whipped cream and chocolate chips, but the cream cheese syrup is on the side and one can control how much sweetness with that stuff.  I LOVED them!  My friend had the lemon ricotta pancakes and they were also delish.  I want to go back tomorrow and try some of the other tempting items on the menu--it may be a blessing or a curse that Babycakes is right down the street from my house!
2	Heard a lot about this place and their red velvet pancakes.  A lot.We called one morning and asked if there was a wait to gauge if we should attempt this infamous place.  We were told there's no wait, come on down!  So we jumped in the car and got there literally 5 minutes later and there was *surprise* a 25 - 30 minute wait.  There were only 2 parties in front of us, so I figured it would probably be less of a wait.  Well, we ended up waiting 40 minutes.  That put a little bit of a bad taste in my mouth right at the beginning of this experience, going from no wait to a 40 minute wait.  But that's the nature of the restaurant biz, and I wanted those red velvet pancakes!We ordered.  I ended up getting an omelet and upgraded my bread side to the RVP, my husband got the fried rice adobo, and my mom got the Eggs Benedict.  When the food came out...I was surprised by how crappy it looked.  Sorry to be blunt, but that's how it looked: crappy.  I expected more after hearing so much buzz.  My omelet, which was supposed to have swiss cheese in it, had 2 slices of processed-store-bought-fake-sandwich-slice white stuff barely melted on top.  My potatoes were obviously from a frozen bag and blandly seasoned at that.  My husband didn't mind his fried rice, but said it was very dry.  My mom's eggs benedict was just ok, and it also came with the frozen potatoes.  I couldn't believe the lack of quality.The RVP were the only saving grace for the place.  They truly are delicious and I'm glad I got to experience them.  However, I definitely would not be able to eat a whole order of them as they are extremely sweet.So in short: the wait is long, the food is from frozen and processed crap, and the pancakes are delicious.  Would I make a trip back and wait that long just for the pancakes, though? No.
4	We were in such a hurry and the wait was over an hour long, so we all got our food to-go. I got Nutella crepes with strawberries. I received no strawberries. The crepes tasted undercooked and soagy. Our food was left for a while because they were extremely busy so our food was ready and got cold for sitting. I heard good things about this restaurant. I wish I had the time to sit and enjoy my meal freshly. I will try BabyCakes again.
3	We here with a bud on a Friday morning for breakfast to try out their Red Velvet Pancakes.  They were indeed good!  Definitely like eating dessert for breakfast, so get something else to go with them like eggs and bacon.The wait was a bit long and not really much of a place to sit and wait.  Decent experience.  I am indifferent about returning :)
4	The red velvet pancakes were very good!  Looking forward to trying some of the others as well.  The Rick's Adobo fried rice was good... but it was a bit bland and missing something.
4	One of the biggest reasons we go to Vegas is to explore all the food options. You may be surprised how much of a foodie town Las Vegas is, well beyond the Strip. This last trip, we went to Babycakes Cafe (@BabycakesCafeLV), which is about 20 minutes off the Strip. Their claim-to- fame is pancakes inspired by popular cupcake flavors -- you know it was a must-try for Kim.The pancakes were really good. They were light and fluffy but packed full of flavor. You can tell they put a lot of care into their pancakes and perfecting cupcake-like pancake batters. They had many flavors like lemon ricotta, peanut butter, strawberry and we had a hard time choosing. We decided to go with red velvet and carrot cake pancakes. Both were awesome and served with a cream cheese syrup. One suggestion for them, selfishly speaking, would be to create a pancake sampler to give customers an opportunity to try a variety of their flavors. We had to order two separate dishes just so we could taste more than one of their flavors.In addition to cupcake pancakes and traditional breakfast menu items, they also have Filipino and Hawaiian-inspired dishes. I ordered Rick's adobo fried rice. This is a Filipino dish that includes shredded chicken adobo and fried rice, wrapped in egg.It was nice to find a place that Kim and I can both enjoy. It lets her justify eating cupcakes for breakfast and gives me an opportunity to eat dishes that I enjoyed when I lived in Hawaii. Moreover, it has a little bit of everything so you can satisfy a diverse group of people and palettes. The food was very good and we stuffed ourselves. They could work on their service a bit. They have a lot of teenagers working that don't have a lot of service experience - you have to ask for refills or flag them down when you want your check, but the food was awesome, so it's definitely worth a visit.
4	So a new foodie friend I made upon recently moving to Las Vegas texted me on Saturday to ask if I was interested in getting up at the crack of dawn on Sunday to go eat breakfast at 730 a half hour across town.  My initial thought was insanity and my second was whether or not anyone in town other than some compulsive gamblers needing a hangover meal would actually be there.  But then I heard three words that I didn't think was possible to string together in one phrase: Red...Velvet...pan-Cakes.   Having grown up in the south, folks take their red velvet cake pretty seriously, so I had to at least make the trip for a taste.When I arrived, not only was my friend there 10 minutes early, but the entire place was already packed, so I knew I was walking into some serious eats.  As multiple orders of the infamous pancakes were ordered at our table, I began to think of that sketch where Bill Cosby talks about feeding his children chocolate cake for breakfast only to incur the wrath of his wife.   Perhaps these pancakes would have salvaged Bill from the doghouse.  If you ignore the sinfully red color of the pancakes, the chocolate chips are disguised as blueberries, the whipped cream as butter, and the sneakiest of all is the cream cheese syrup as the maple syrup....pure genius.  Assemble the components together and you get the perfect bite of warm red velvet cake with some additional bonus textures of the slightest crunch and chew from the edge of the pancake and the chocolate chips respectively.   This dish offers irrefutable proof one CAN have their cake and eat it too.
4	Fantastic pancakes - the red velvet are a must try, although I liked the banana bread ones more.  The cream cheese syrup is a bit on the sweet side, but it paired perfectly with the flavor of the pancakes - regular maple would not be nearly as good.  The Eggs Benedict was also very good, although the ham was a little on the tough side.There can be a super long wait here and they aren't always accurate with their quote times.  We were quoted 20 min and ended up waiting 45 min for a table.  They had many tables clear of people, but the one busser couldn't keep up to get people seated quickly.  They could get a lot more business if their service was ran more efficiently.  Nonetheless, I would return for the fantastic food!
2	Okay okay, I can feel the backlash already. But after all the hype about this place, I'm far from being impressed. But yet again, I'm not one to drive into hype. First off, why drive away customers with a sign that exposes a 60 minute wait time when you have a bunch of empty tables waiting to seat hungry patrons? and when we only ended up waiting about 25 minutes (as was everyone else in front of us and behind us), I automatically felt pretty bad at their potential loss of business for those that left because they didn't want to wait "60 minutes". I mean cmon now, this isn't Disneyland. Or maybe it is because one of the waiter's were obviously friends with a party that came in and went straight in to be seated. Fast Pass. Nice. But hey, it was only a 25 minute wait, so I can't complain. Now on to food. Cuz this is what so many of my friends hyped about. I ordered the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette. Okay. Folks- save yourselves and just head on over to Aloha Kitchen or Island Flavor. Now they know how to do it right. If you can't make your adobo correctly and expect to throw it into some fried rice and covered with a thin layer of egg- then don't even bother. Learn how to make adobo first- then try and throw it into an "omelette". Boyfriend had the Loco Moco. Please, don't even get me started. Even him- not being from Hawaii- was highly disappointed. Gravy was bland and so was the hamburger patty. Which meant-- no flavor whatsoever. Cmon folks. Get it together. And now...drum roll please...The pancakes. Macadamia Pancakes. Tasted like generic, boxed pancake batter. Not mixed correctly with proper measurement of liquids because it was dense beyond belief. Really? Pancake sticking to the roof of your mouth? What the? And I wouldn't even have known it was macadamia nut pancakes if I hadn't read it myself. The white chocolate chips on it was the only other flavor aside from "batter" that you can taste. RED VELVET PANCAKES:Strike me now babycake fans. Last time I knew-- red velvet pancakes is a touch of cocoa and chocolate. It shouldn't taste like CHOCOLATE CHIP PANCAKES. Granted, chocolate chip pancakes are delicious (elsewhere-idk about here), but to have chewy and dense red velvet pancakes that don't taste like it? Not acceptable. So now, I'm going to leave my little experience to an anomalous fluke because people seem to love it here and their red velvet pancakes. So maybe I just came in when they just weren't up to par. But I gotta review as I see and experience it. Will I go back? Maybe.
5	Thank God for Yelp, I would have never given this cafe a second glance in it's location.. but my fellow Yelpers told me it's a must go to place and so I went.  YUMMY!!  I am an eggs benedict connoisseur and have returned my share over the years, but today's breakfast was not going to leave my sight after my first bite.  This was ridiculous good, here is the twister, it was a Country Eggs Benedict, perfectly toasted english muffins with country sausage (5 stars for the sausage), two perfectly poached eggs and then country sausage gravy covered the entire masterpiece.  Their gravy was on point.  You can taste the freshness of each ingredient in every bite.  Hubby ordered egg whites scrambled with Portuguese sausage and potatoes.  The Portuguese sausage was amazing, so much flavor in each bite.  The potatoes were spiced just right and cooked to perfection.  With his breakfast he also got red velvet pancakes.  The red velvet pancakes were sprinkled with chocolate chips and some whipped cream.  On the side was a cream cheese syrup that is unbelievable.  The pancakes were good, but the syrup is what makes them.  The staff is so nice, they greeted us immediately and sat us as soon as the table was ready.  My coffee was refilled often and everyone helps there.  You do not have to wait for a particular person, everyone takes care of all the tables.
4	small place & weekends have a long wait after 10 . Worth the wait for the red velvet pancakes :) yum yum yum topped with whipped cream and small chocolate chips
5	Great pancakes  and lightning fast take out. We had the Red Velvet and Smores pancakes and will definitely come back.
5	NOT YOUR TYPICAL BREAKFAST or LUNCH CAFE...Because we had a huge party of 8 people we were able to order FAMILY STYLE and just pick from an amazing variety of dishes from Babycakes Cafe's delectables!  =P Below is my description of the following items...-**Red Velvet Pancakes-**Cinnamon Bun Pancakes-Country Fried Steak & Eggs-**Kalua Pigs Benedict-**Honey Toast-**Wheat French Toast-Rick's Adobe Fried Rice (I added an "**" by the items that I've never had before and were special.)So let me just describe how our meal went down...From the light texture of the Red Velvet p-cakes and the full and savory flavor of the airy homemade whipped cream (Never had anything like it! I don't like whipped cream, but I really like this one...A LOT!)  that accompanied it, to the special of the month (at the time that I went June 2011) - Cinnamon Bun Pancakes (Whoa!), HOMEY Country Fried Steak and Eggs, the Kalua Pig Benedict (which was my FAVORITE!!!! If you like the smokey flavor, then get this! I've had salmon eggs benedict before, but the flavor of this thing just BURSTS forth like no other.) We also got the Honey Toast AND the Wheat French Toast. Both HIGHLY recommended. If you LOVE HONEY then get the Honey Toast, and if you really love cinnamon and the whipped cream from here AND a crunchy texture, get the Wheat French Toast. See, the Wheat French toast had "cereal bits" built into the bread that added an extra level of crunchiness, yum yum! Rick's Adobe Fried Rice was also on our table and was devoured within a few minutes.These are just some of the things we ordered which were definitely NOT your typical breakfast/lunch items (except country fried steak and eggs). If Babycakes Cafe were located in my neighborhood back home I'd definitely be a regular. =D
5	I spent only a weekend in Las Vegas, and yet, I'm already a regular? Need I say more?  When a good friend of mine recommended this place, I was pretty skeptical.  It is definitely off the beaten path and is way on the outskirts of Vegas, but word travels fast and a Friday morning brunch still required a 20 minute wait. Worth it? Most definitely.I really don't think you can go wrong with the menu.  Pick out something you like, that sounds great to you, and I can guarantee it will blow you out of the water! BUT, you must definitely, DEFINITELY have some of the red velvet pancakes.  I know everyone is harping about it, but it really is a little bit of heaven in your mouth!  I've never been a fan of red velvet, but these "babycakes" are to die for.  My mouth is literally salivating at the thought of it...I can't get back to Vegas quick enough! I'm not too big on sweets, so I passed on the whipped cream AND the buttercream syrup (which I hear is absolutely amazing) but yet, my pancakes were still orgasmic.  It was moist and just the right size - not too little that I felt like I was being swindled, but definitely enough for me to leave without feeling hungry...or disgustingly full for that matter.  In addition to the red velvet, I've also had the banana pancakes, also quite amazing, and the spam and rice which...duh, it's spam and rice... can't exactly go wrong with that.The service is also equally phenomenal.  I have to give these guys props - they run a really busy restaurant with a huge smile on their face.  I especially have to give a shout out to my waiter (cutie, nice arms, never got his name) for being so unbelieveably patient with me and my cousin.  Our friend was supposed to meet us there and after waiting, and waiting, and already being seated and already ordered...he still had not shown up.  Our waiter was so sweet - asking if we wanted our orders reheated, if we needed anything else while we waited, etc.  I know it's such a strain to have people occupying a table when there are SO MANY people waiting, but he was such a sweetheart about it.  Our friend never did come...which was another bit of a mess... but even though we sat there for a good 30 mins, and then even after eating, lingered another 30 mins, he was definitely a good sport about it all.Overall, go, try it. Yes it isn't your typical Vegas, but trust, it is SO worth it!
5	OMG this place was to die for. I heard about it from one of my bffs and had to see way the big deal was. First off the wait is long but once u get in u understand why. Food was 5 stars get the red velvet pancakes and chili omelet. Service was 10 stars. My waiter was fine as u know wat. He kept me happy his smile could make anyone's day. His name is Jacob so all u single ladies need to ask for him. Anyways the whole experience was great. U wont be disappointed
4	I have a lot to say about this place, as we tried a bunch of stuff.I found it on yelp,just looking for a breakfast venue I hadn't been to yet. Took my wee one that day.They have a vast variety of pancake types, a special of the day for pancakes, and are known for their red velvet pancakes.Heres my rundown of plus and minuses:-for our two regular breakfasts,with upgraded pancakes, I had coffee and oj, she had apple juice,after tip our bill was $30!!!!!!!!!!+red velvet pancakes are fan~freakin~tastic-not real orange juice+overall a tasty breakfast-a very small venue,which is super busy-for the size of the food/price, we didn't have much to take homeI would return again by myself to keep cost down, because those red velvet babies are delicious. My daughter wasn't a fan of red velvet anything until trying these. Those little chocolate chips, whipped cream, and cream cheese syrup really create the perfect toppings.
2	The service was good, and seating was limited but the wait wasn't too long. I ordered the steak and eggs, with red velvet pancakes. The pancakes were really tasty, but the steak and eggs could have been better at a casino after midnight for 2.99
5	Ok was in Vegas last month rolled in here about 20 minutes to close on Sunday.  I used to wait tables you are a jerk if you do this and stay long after the establishment you are bs'ing in has closed. Now I told my friend we weren't going to be a jerks like that.  Despite us rolling in the girl who took care of us was really cool about it.  I told her upfront we would tip her well.  This is a Vegas must if you don't leave the strip to get here you are missing out big time.  I'm not even going to get into it all's I'm saying is I was impressed and this is a foodie breakfast heaven! Carry your a$$ on over there.
4	Came in on a Tuesday for lunch and encountered a 30 minute wait.  This place is small and definitely does not have enough seats for all the people waiting in line to sit inside in the air conditioning.  When we were seated at our table, I could not wait to try the heavily hyped red velvet pancakes.  I got a half order which came with 3 medium sized pancakes, cream cheese syrup and chocolate shavings.  Those pancakes were delish!  Definitely worth a trip off the strip!
5	Outstanding! Staff were really nice... food was great. Prices were not over the top. Do stop in and give them a try...well worth the short drive from the strip to enjoy a great breakfast. Get there early! Place is small... but.,... I think they are moving to a larger location... so this should help.
3	This place is mediocre. Adobo rice is more like soysauce rice, so unpleasant! Coffee is gross. Red velvet & carrot cake pancakes are good, sauce is just condensed milk though! I will go back only for the pancakes.
4	After reading all the fabulous reviews, I've been dying to try this place!Babycakes is nestled in a tiny plaza (which I didn't see anything that was corporate, just Mom & Pop places) on Buffalo, near Smoke Ranch. My friend and I showed up here at 11:25am on a Saturday and were told a 45 minute wait.  No prob!  Gave us time to catch up.  45 minutes later we go up to the hostess stand and were told we needed to wait another 20-30 minutes longer.  ugh!  really?  I was ready to gnaw off my arm!Finally, an hour and five minutes later, we were sat.  We decided to order:-A Single Nutella Crepe w/ Strawberries: served w/ whipped cream and almonds.TO.DIE.FOR!  OMG!  Everything you expect in a delicious crepe with Nutella.  The fresh strawberries sent it over the edge.  So good!We shared:- Short Stack of Red Velvet Pancakes: topped w/ whipped cream & chocolate crumbles, served with cream cheese syrup.These were very good.  More like a dessert, but delicious!  The cream cheese syrup is what seals the deal!  It's like frosting, just a little thinner and not AS sugary as frosting.  Really.  You are eating cake for breakfast- and no one is judging!My husband asked me to bring him home the Tuna Sandwich on Wheat.  The tuna was good, but not "like mom makes" if that makes sense.  We didn't touch the fries because they were cold by the time I got home.  I want to go back to get the Adobo Fried Rice and the Cinnamon Bun or the White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Pancakes. (those pancakes are seasonal).  I also want to try the hashbrowns,  bacon and omelettes.  Yes, everything looked delicious!
4	The pancakes were really good. They were light and fluffy but packed full of flavor. You can tell they put a lot of care into their pancakes and perfecting cupcake-like pancake batters. They had many flavors like lemon ricotta, peanut butter, strawberry and we had a hard time choosing. We decided to go with red velvet and carrot cake pancakes. Both were awesome and served with a cream cheese syrup. One suggestion for them, selfishly speaking, would be to create a pancake sampler to give customers an opportunity to try a variety of their flavors. We had to order two separate dishes just so we could taste more than one of their flavors.
4	Eeeeek! red velvet pancakes & s'mores pancakes!!A cute little spot away from the strip, staff friendly and food is delicious, I think I'll pay Babycakes a visit the next time I'm in LV.
5	Waiting 45 minutes for anything in life is a pain in the ass.  Waiting 45 minutes for probably the best breakfast I've had in recent memory, no problem!  For patrons that may be concerned about the wait, don't be, the time you lose waiting for a table is quickly gained back as the food comes out within five minutes of it being ordered.Babycakes Cafe is situated within a small strip mall, the wait is long because the food is amazing and the venue is pretty small.   If you don't mind rubbing elbows with hungry Las Vegans and don't get claustrophobic easily, Babycakes is worth a shot.The menu is plentiful, most notably, Rick's Adobo Fried Rice, Kalua Pig Benedict and the Red Velvet pancakes which come with a cream cheese frosting.  The pancakes themselves are very light and fluffy with a "melt in your mouth" type of consistently.45 minutes.....worth the wait.
4	I came here specifically for the red velvet pancakes.  It was good; the rest of the food was merely okay.  I got the two-egg combo, with pancakes (a $1.50 upcharge for red) and hash browns.  The interior is kind of small and cramped (I had to sit under the waitress's stand, which was awkward), so it's not really good for big crowds.  I'd come here more often if it wasn't so far away...
4	Babycakes, Babycakes, Babycakes...Red velvet pancakes, red velvet pancakes, red velvet pancakes....These words have been dancing around in my head for months now ever since I read a bunch of reviews about this place. I finally got the chance this morning to go to Babycakes and discover if all my lingering dreams of RVP's would come true and they definitely did.My boyfriend and I arrived today (Sunday) at about Noon and the place was packed. I knew as soon as we drove up that we would be waiting, but never the less we were going to eat here no matter what. It ended up being a 30 minute wait, actually not bad for a brunch on a Sunday in my opinion. Would I wait that long during a week day? I'm not so sure.After our wait we were escorted to a table in their very small dining room. Yes, this place is TINY! I ordered the Huntington Omelet and I upgraded to the red velvet pancakes ($1.50 to do so), and my boyfriend got the full-stack of RVPs. Okay, so all the hype is true - these pancakes are freaking amazing. My boyfriend said he liked his, but he didn't finish the whole plate. Probably because they're extremely rich. But here's what I really liked, their omelet and and serving of hasbrowns were perfect sized. Not too much, not too little. It's not like going to IHOP where they bring you out an omelet the size of your head that you're never going to finish. I appreciate that. The prices were spot-on, the service was super sweet (they kept my coffee filled, always a plus!), and the food was DELISH. Babycakes, Babycakes, Babycakes,,,,,
2	Went here during a recent trip to Vegas. I thought the food was ok, but "meh, I've experienced better" which is 2 stars. Not quite sure what the basis of the numerous 5 star reviews is?? Oh well, on to the next one...!
5	Establishments deserving of the 5 star rating are seldom but this joint earned it because those Red Velvet pancakes are just off the hook.  Man, I'm salavating just thinking about them.All the other dishes that are good (and some okay ones) have already been described by other yelpes so I'm putting the emphasis on those pancakes (yummmmmmmm).  When you're around the area, give them a try.  You'll definitely be wanting more.
4	All I've heard about in terms of bangin breakfast has been Babycakes Cafe. The hoopla has been mainly about their red velvet pancakes, and since red velvet is my most favorite dessert, how could I pass up an opportunity to try it in breakfast form? From my understanding, the line to get in to this joint is typically outrageous, but little secret..on a Tuesday morning around 11AM, you'll have virtually no problem finding a seat in this strip mall hidden treasure. The restaurant itself is small which would explain the (typical) wait time to get a table. I have reduced my rating by a star due to this fact because the seating is awkward, the restaurant can be noisy and most seats in the house will have you facing the kitchen or hallway to the restroom. Moving right along.. The other half ordered some garlic infused omelet (I'm Italian, but garlic in the AM is just too much for me) complete with potatoes and a side of red velvet pancakes and I ordered their cinnamon bun pancakes and a side of scrambled eggs. Much to my surprise I quite enjoyed my cinnamon pancakes even better than the red velvet! But hey, if you forced me to eat either one, I wouldn't complain. All in all, food was delicious, service was great and should I ever be in the area again and there's not a line, I would happily indulge once again in the Babycakes extensive, festively flavored pancake menu.
5	It's customary to wait 45 minutes for a table here on the weekends. The unusual part is that I wait joyously and eager for a table the entire wait. I believe that everyone around me feels the same way as we wait for the BEST PANCAKES in town! So delicious,  I savor every bite! Rocky road, red velvet, and carrot cake... just to name a few.Rumor has it they're opening a second location.... I can only dream.
3	I stopped by today because my coworker would not stop talking about the Red Velvet Pancakes and the Adobo Fried Rice from this place for the last few weeks. I ordered both so I could finally see what the hype was about. I started with the rice and I was expecting to taste a fried rice like nothing I have ever tasted before, but that is not what I got. It just tasted like regular fried rice. It came with a scoop of macaroni salad, which was bland. The pancakes were cooked perfectly, but not good enough for me to drive all the way back here for.My friend had the Loco Moco. The hamburger patty was burnt on the bottom.
3	Not bad. The Red Velvet pancake was pretty good but, perhaps we've had too much expectations on it. The Portuguese sausage with garlic rice on the side was a pleasant surprise.
5	The red velvet pancakes topped with fresh whipped cream and chocolate crumbles, served with cream cheese syrup are amazing. We also loved the carrot cake pancakes, yummy. My all-time favorite though is the Kailua pig benedict spectacular. Delicious food but they need a larger space, they are always packed
5	Red velvet pancakes is so good!!! It has so much flavor and the syrup is just right.
5	LOVE IT! The red velvet pancakes are so delicious! Not too heavy either, even the cream cheese syrup is light & fluffy. Which ensures that you'll be able to enjoy some of their other awesome menu items!I am a hawaiian girl, so I'll all about the portuguese sausage & eggs- thumbs up for authenticity! I just wish they would get coconut syrup for their macadamia nut pancakes!!!Even my boyfriend loves Babycakes- he gets chicken fried steak everywhere we go & claims that they have the best. He's not very easy to please either- so this means alot. The service is just as great as the food, everyone is so nice & helpful. The two times we've dined here- we have had outstanding service. Can't wait for our next visit! =]
5	The food is a-ma-zinggggg. The Red Velvet pancakes & cinnamon bun pancakes will keep you coming back. The Skinny chick was quite a delightful omelet however I think I garlic overload by the time I finished it and I love garlic so that says a lot.I was glad to experience this place on a weekday when there isn't a 3 hour wait. The restaurant is small so it is a little awkward that you can see everything from the runner station especially if you sit right by it. Food execution is great & the service is good so I give it two thumbs up!
5	This place was delicious with a wide variety of pancakes as well as tons of different kinds of omelettes! AND it was pretty reasonably priced. They are located in kind of an awkward place that you would have to drive by a lot to know it was there, so spread the word!!Also, just has the leftovers from my Red Velvet pancakes and they were almost even better the second time!!
4	Well I tried to explain to my 11 year old daughter that there was a wait here because it was good.  People wait 30 minutes for good food.  She said, can't we just go to IHOP - there is no waiting there... I am trying to instill the value of trying new things.So we waited about 30 minutes and ordered.  My daughter ordered the Red Velvet Pancakes (RVP).  She later declared that yes - this place is worth the wait!I had portugese sausage and eggs.  It has good.  Eggs basted perfetly.  Sausage was good.  Portion size and price were fair.  Service was excellent.  They have Hawaiian selections here.  This is a stand out breakfast place.  Not quite five stars - they are just doing breakfast here... but they do it well!  The RVP almost make this 5 stars - 4.5 stars fo sho!
5	When those Beautiful red velvet pancakes come out, I devour every bite. The cream cheese syrup complements the pancake. But the pancake tests great by it's self. They have rice instead of potato and portuguese Sausage. The only complaint is that the restaurant is small and there is a crazy wait on sat and sun.
3	During my recent trip to Vegas, I decided to try Babycakes Cafe and it was definitely good.  I had the ham (delicious complete with grill marks), eggs, and potatoes and upgraded my pancakes to carrot cake.  The pancakes were alright, but the cream cheese syrup is delicious so that made them better.  My friend had the banana pancakes and said they were very good.  I may try it again to try the red velvet pancakes, but it was a little ways from the strip and I've had other breakfasts in Vegas that were better and closer, but overall it was alright.
4	Red velvet pancakes are good, they are light and fluffy and not too sweet. The melted mini chocolate chips on top add a nice touch. I eat the pancakes plain and don't add any syrup or sauce because they get really sweet if you do.  I also ordered a side of garlic rice which was tasty until I took a big bite of garlic paste that wasn't spread through the rice well.Expect to have a long wait if you come for breakfast, they tend to get busy and if they could move to a bigger venue that would make things better.Would I go back? Only if the wait to be seated wasn't 30 minutes plus.Weekdays are probably better days to go than the weekend
5	I had never heard about this place till a family friend had posted a picture of their red velvet pancakes and cream cheese syrup! Who would have thought of such a thing?! Babycakes did and I had to try them with a quickness! I've been here twice already. The first time was with a girlfriend of mine. We were seated immediately, but then again, we came on a Monday morning. Of course, I had to order the red velvet pancakes... and I was not at all disappointed! They were done just right... fluffy, not too sweet, and the cream cheese syrup was the icing on the cake... well, the syrup on the pancake! :P They were so delicious and very filling. I only got the half stack (3 pancakes), but that was more than enough. My friend got the kalua pig benedict and she said it was spot on. I had a little bite and from what I tasted... it was good, but I was just so into my pancakes! The second time was just a few weeks ago when my brother & sister were in town. The three of us and the bf came on a Saturday morning and waited about 40 minutes, but we knew to expect that and I told them it was worth the wait (since none of them had ever been here before). I, again, got the pancakes (but as a side, which is only two... enough to get my fix) with the bacon & egg breakfast. The bf got the kalua pig benedict with a side of Portuguese sausage. My brother ordered an omelet with some garlic fried rice and my sister had the spinach/mushroom/bacon benedict. Everyone was quite pleased with what they ordered. They all liked it so much, that my siblings want to come again the next time they're here and the bf really wants to try some of their other items. The food is great, their prices are reasonable, and their staff is super friendly. I live on the SW end of town, but will continue to make the drive out there to get my pancakes! Hope that you all open another location soon... maybe on this side! :)
5	By sheer luck I stumbled upon this place when looking for good eats in Vegas! I'm not a pancake fan by any stretch of the imagination, but the reviews made them sound so good that I was a believer. I'm really happy I got over my hatred for pancakes and gave Babycakes a try.My brothers, a friend, and I made this our last stop in Vegas before heading home. While it was a little out of the way for us, it was well worth it. We waited maybe 20 minutes, just long enough for me to change my mind on my order a few hundred times. I was going to go with the s'mores pancakes or the white chocolate macadamia pancakes, but I ended up giving in to the Yelp reviews and going with the red velvet.And you thought my hatred for pancakes was bad, I despise red velvet. Not because it tastes bad (it doesn't), but EVERYONE is doing it. Every bakery and cupcake shop from here to Kalamazoo is doing it. Every baker on Cupcake Wars thinks they have the original, prize winning, most amazing, down-home, just like moms red velvet cupcake. It's run of the mill. It's tired. It's boring. It's so freaking cliche I can't handle it.Then there was Babycakes. It's criminal what they've done here. A short stack (three pancakes, full stacks are six) of fluffy, brilliantly colored red pancakes command your attention from across the restaurant (and they did at least three times). On top sits a generous mound of whipped cream studded with chocolate chips. Heaven on earth! They come with a side of a lightly sweetened cream cheese syrup. The pancakes are prefect without the syrup, but add a little and you'll be sure to find yourself in a foodie nirvana. The red velvet pancakes were simply amazing. Sweet, tender, not at all like any other pancake I've had.My brother had the cinnamon roll pancakes and they were delicious as well. I'm not entirely sure if the pancakes themselves were  regular pancakes or something else, but they were good. Topped with a cross-hatch of the cream cheese frosting, a dusting of cinnamon sugar, and a generous handful of walnuts and these things are phenomenal!!! They come with a side of regular syrup, though I doubt you'll be needing that.My friend loved her omelette, but her pancakes were the epitome of my distaste for pancakes. This surely wasn't Babycakes' fault, I blame the pancakes. My brother loved his bacon pancakes.Service was great, really friendly. We ordered and our food was out within minutes. Everyone was so friendly and the food was delicious. We will certainly be back!
5	I came here on a Sunday afternoon, and not to my surprise, it was packed. The hostess said that the wait would be up to 1 hour, but I was willing to tough it out. Being the lover of red velvet cupcakes that I am, I wanted to try out the red velvet pancakes that everyone was raving about to see if it really was that great.Ladies and gents, the red velvet pancakes were better than just good. They were INCREDIBLY delicious! Every bite was like a fluffy piece of heaven. The last time I had red velvet pancakes was in LA and it was too overly sweet, but Babycakes did a great job of bringing out the flavor of red velvet without making it too sweet. The melted mini chocolate chips added a nice touch to the pancakes. The best part about it was the cream cheese syrup. It added a sweet touch to the pancakes and made it the perfect combo. I tried the eggs benedict here as well, and it was definitely one of the better ones I've had as well. The eggs were cooked just right, and I barely tasted the yoke that oozed out from the middle. Note: I dislike the taste of yoke, and prefer egg whites, so I rarely order eggs benedict. But the eggs benedict I tried here was delicious. It came with a side of hashbrowns, and those were crispy and yummy as well. Out waitress was attentive and great, parking space is ample, and I will definitely be returning again the next time I'm in town =)
3	I finally came here with my boyfriend after trying to drag him here for about five months (it's just too out of the way for us). We went on a Tuesday morning and there was still a 40min wait, which sucked because we both get hangry (a hybrid of hungry and angry) fairly quickly. We just sat silently perusing through the menu and smelling the delicious scent of fresh cooked food until they finally called us up.Since we already went through the menus, we threw in our food orders when the waitress asked for our drinks. We both ordered Spam and eggs with pancake sides. I got the Red Velvet and he got the banana. I believe both of our orders were over $11 because we got specialty pancakes and he upgraded to garlic fried rice. I felt that $8.95 for the Spam and eggs was a little pricey considering we got 3 pieces of Spam each and you could easily get about 10 slices of Spam from a can that's only $2.50. We really wanted a taste of home though, so we both got it. I specifically told the waitress I wanted my Spam crispy, but they gave it to me soft and floppy anyway, so I only ended up eating one piece. My boyfriend ate all his Spam, but hardly touched his rice because it wasn't what he expected (it had a lot of thick long strips of onions all over). I guess we're both used to the Filipino style garlic rice we always get at places like Nanay Gloria which just has small pieces of chopped up garlic and that's it. Having both chopped up garlic AND large strips of onions is just a recipe for halitosis. On to the pancakes...My Red Velvet pancakes were nice and moist. Even after piling on all the whipped cream and cream cheese syrup, they weren't too sweet either. They were definitely good, but it was the first time I've ever tried Red Velvet pancakes and I wasn't very blown away. There are a few other places in Vegas that also serve Red Velvet pancakes, so it's not exclusive to BabyStacks. My boyfriend thought his Banana pancakes were alright. Rather than adding mashed bananas to the batter, they just put 8 small slices on top of the pancakes and serve it with syrup, so it's actually pretty plain.I guess I had very high expectations for this place due to all the outstanding reviews, so when I went I was a little disappointed. I mean, it's a good breakfast joint, but not something I'd be willing to wait almost an hour for after making the long commute.
4	Egg's Benedict an Red pancakes, were dam tasty; enjoyed the simple morning meal and was enough to last us for our drive up to Zion.
4	DELICIOUS!!!  The only reason they don't get 5 stars is that the wait stinks!!!   I don't know if I would wait more than an hour but I must admit the food is delicious and once seated the kitchen gets your food out quick!We went for breakfast and we ordered 2 entrees and then got a side of pancakes.  I got the Portugese sausage with 2 eggs and rice with a side of red velvet pancakes.  Hubby got 2 scrambled eggs with bacon and potatoes with a side of strawberry pancakes.  The sausage was to die for and so were the pancakes.  I brought home my extra pancake so I could have it for dessert!!!  The rice was a bit of a disappointment as it was a little dry and hard.  Potatoes also just ok.  The bacon was nice and thick and they did the eggs just right.  I'm looking forward to going back...  There is much more on this menu that I am looking forward to trying.
4	The food was well worth the wait. We ordered a variety of things and were not disappointed!
5	OMG this place is so good. My friend and I went yesterday for the first time and I really enjoyed it. The wait is long but worth it. I had the sausage and eggs breakfast with a small stack of banana pancakes so good.
4	Love this place- just tried it and we'll be visiting again. Super mall place so expect some wait time. Loved the red velvet pancakes. The service was great.
1	I would give this place a better review if I didn't have egg shells in my omelet. Popular, casual, nice Hawaiian music in the background. Pointed out to the waiter there egg shells in my food. His response; "Uh, other than the egg shells, how is everything"? "Oh, and I told the cooks". REALLY? I told the hostess & she said she would have brought me another omelet. I told her she should have been my server.
4	While the red velvet pancakes were really good, I personally liked the Cinnabon-like pancakes a bit better. Try the Portuguese sausage (with a little kick to boot!) as well. Pefect and delicious contrast to the sweet 'cakes
4	Yummy.  I don't think one could order badly.  The food is just that good.  Small space.  Long wait, so be prepared if you come during the peak times of break and lunch. Generous portions.  Don't be shy: think out of the box.Service was friendly and fast.
2	Maybe I had a bad experiance here... But everything I had was below average (omelete and regular pancakes). I much prefer the cracked egg just down the road.
4	Actual rating was a 4.5. I seriously wished there were half-star ratings, as this place deserved more than just 4 stars.Dad: Go find where the latest I-HOP or Dennys is that isn't on the Strip for breakfast. Don't want to walk that far.Whenever a suggestion of either occurs and I'd rather not go to chains , I use Yelp to find where I could find a gem.Me: (looks at the review page for this restaurant) How about this place? I'm already sold on red velvet pancakes.Dad: Sure.So after about ~20 minutes of driving, we come across what appears to be the REAL Las Vegas, even down to the "Lugaw" sign. We kinda got lost, but quickly found our way back after realizing that their restaurant was across the street and had changed their name.We came in at just the right time, we were able to find seats yet the restaurant was starting to fill up. I observe the "People Love Us on Yelp" and "Best of Las Vegas 2011" stickers near the front door. As I looked at the menu I see a couple of things that struck a chord. "$1 extra for garlic fried rice". "Corned beef hash and eggs". "Rick's ADOBO fried rice". This wasn't going to be a typical breakfast place. What sealed the deal was the "extra charge to replace buttermilk pancakes with your favorite pancakes." SOLD. (If it wasn't already obvious, I'm a Filipino-American with a slight obsession for red velvet). It also helps that all the waitstaff looked Filipino.My mom built her own omelet, dad ordered the adobo fried rice and I ordered the corned beef hash with eggs with garlic fried rice and red velvet pancakes.I was quite pleasantly surprised that our breakfast came out pretty quickly. I wolfed my dish down in probably the same amount of time it took to cook it while maintaining a sense of decency. The dish was everything I expected from a Filipino family if they were going to cook the same dish using American corned beef. The onion in the garlic fried rice was a nice touch and I'll consider modifying my garlic fried rice recipe to include onion.The red velvet pancakes were quite delicious, it tasted like red velvet, but more savory than say a red velvet cupcake. Went well with the melted cream cheese frosting and chocolate chips.One of these days I'll have to try the adobo fried rice. I wasn't able to have some because I didn't want to infect my dad with a cold, and though it was one of my choices as to what to order, I didn't order it because the dish didn't come with pancakes. Maybe next time.From this experience I learned a lesson: A lot of the more casual dining gems in Vegas are found off-strip and I look forward to finding more of them. I WILL come back here someday just to round off my review and (hopefully!) upgrade to a 5.
4	the red velvet pancake were so so yummy, hubs had the bacon pancakes and said they were good also. I left wanting to try at least 5 more flavors even though I was so full. Go here but expect a wait we went on a Saturday and it was 45mins we left and came back on a Monday around 9:30 and waited 25 mins.
4	Family atmosphere, A+ service, Hawaiian comfort food and slippa' friendly.  BabyStacks is a good place to sit back, enjoy a cup of coffee for luch and slam as many Red Velvet Pancakes in your mouth until you reach your limit!  All the rave about these heavenly cakes live up to its reviewers 4-5 star rating.  The Red Velvet Cakes were accompanied with cream chese syrup, choco chips and whip.  The other dishes we ordered on the menu were no comparison to IHOP and Denny's.  Eggs Benedict w Kaluhua Pig and Chicken Adobo Omelet just to name a couple.  The place is quite small and the wait can be quite long which is the only downside.  Otherwise.. Onolicious Brah!
2	Second time here, Oct 2011. First time was Nov 2010. Food is good, service is a mixed bag, cleanliness is lacking. A quick trip to the washroom ruined my breakfast- couldn't clear the stench of months old urine out of my nose- makes me wonder if the whole place is maintained this poorly.
4	BabyStacks Cafe is the locale formerly known as Babycakes Cafe.  I am updating my review and adding another star because I am truly a fan of their pancakes.  In fact, I have yet to encounter a pancake that didn't make me swoon.  The non pancake dishes and even the coffee are whatevs, but the pancakes are reason enough for me to return again and again.  Carrot cake and Red Velvet are my favorites on their regular menu, but keep an eye out for their seasonal specials because THOSE are spectacular, particularly the pumpkin pancakes... yummo! I am glad I only live around the corner, because the wait times on the weekends are ridiculous.  I have done it once and learned my lesson. (Boy, was I grumpy!) Weekday brunch dates when my husband rolls into work after noon are wait free!  Stick to the pancakes and you won't be disappointed!
4	Actually 4.75 stars in my book (The knock down for the clustered front entrance ) .... went here on my random day off from work and was very happy I did.... Have drove by here twice on the weekend but it was way too busy for me to take my time to get out of my mustang ..... set up the wheelchair .... and wait an hour to get in .... Thought to myself "This place MUST be good!!" Even still on a Wednesday 12/07/11 it was still crowded!! But I decided to brave it.... And my oh my am I a happy camper!! The restaurant entrance could be a little less crowded if they removed those high chairs.... Being in a wheelchair it was difficult to get in the front door. Remove the high chairs and me and my wheelchair brethren will be golden. Waited just a couple minutes to be taken to my table. Such a small place for the amount of business they get ! Free wifi internet was available. So I was able to hook up with my iPhone!! Yay!! Was helped immediately by a friendly waitress who got me Coffee.....STAT!! Being filipino I opted for the "Ricks Adobo Rice Omelet" .... The waitress said "Is that it"? and I asked if it was a small portion... She said NOPE!! Trying to watch my girlish figure I opted for the Omelet alone.... And pardon my french but it was FRICKEN HUGE!! hehehehe!! The rice and Adobo pork was cooked to perfection and the eggs nicely cooked. Yummy !! So scrumptious. Will definitely come here again!! I'll even brave the weekend  crowd for this place. Thats saying a lot ! Think I'll be trying the Velvet Pancakes  on my return.
3	The Red Velvet pancakes was good Not Great like everyone Hype it up to be. Don't like that they close so early. Not everyone can get up so early in the day. People work all different hours in Vegas.
4	Filipino/Hawaiian/American-inspired breakfast cafe near Summerlin.Damn, why couldn't this place have been here when we lived in the area?Killer tried out the Chicken Adobo fried rice - I wasn't expecting it be wrapped in a scrambled egg, that was a nice touch and turned it into a full-blown Filipino breakfast in one shot.  Nice.I went with the Kalua Pork Benedict and it was surprisingly good.  Kalua pork is usually super salty, but B-Stacks' wasn't.  not bad at all. Service was very friendly and attentive and you can tell this place is a local favorite by how packed it was so early in the morning.  Def going to need a re-visit the next time I get my arm twisted to go to Sin City
5	This place is amazing. Everything about this place makes me feel good about not just eating there but being a customer there.I get the Red Velvet pancakes, not just because they're topped with whipped cream and chocolate shavings, or that they come with a cream cheese syrup, but because they are RED on the menu.
5	It's awesome!  Came here 2x and it was great both times.  Cute little mom & pop shop.  Adobo fried rice, kalua benedicts, and red velvet pancakes are delish! Both servers were good and took care of us and not overwhelming.  Both times we came here about 8am and not busy at all but when were were about to leave people started trickling in.  Well definetly be back. I want to try something else but I know I'll end up stick with either the 3 I've tried.
5	Formerly Babycakes, the place still lives up to its rep with some cah-razy good food. A friend had raved about their Red Velvet pancakes. Not only did I sample some of hers, but also the Carrot Cake and Banana Cream Pie pancakes the others in our group ordered. Fan-freakin'-tastic. Also tried the adobo fried rice, which could easily be mistaken for an omelete. The stuff is actually wrapped in egg. Ridonk. I ordered the Kalua Pork Benedict and patted myself on the back as soon as I took the first bite. I already love eggs Benedict, but that dish made me love it even more. Totally worth the 15 minute drive from The Strip. I'm set on a return visit real soon.
4	We recently visited Babycakes for brunch. This place is yummy and reasonably priced. We had the kalua pork eggs benedict (the pork was SO good), huevos rancheros (green chili was top notch) and a nutella crepe. Everything was excellent and the service was very good. Only downside to this restaurant is that it is small and there was a long wait, even for just 2 people. So don't come if you're in a rush.
5	I've been here twice and have no complaints! In fact, I plan to go here again for my birthday! I think the idea for this cafe is great because it's a mix of Filipino, Hawaiian and American breakfasts. All they need is chicken and waffles and it's the perfect brunch place!The first time, I ordered the chicken adobo fried rice and it was awesome. For those who don't know what chicken adobo is, it's a very popular Filipino dish. It's basically chicken cooked with soy sauce and vinegar. My friend ordered the red velvet pancakes and those were amazing! They taste as good as they look!The second time I went, I had the spam scramble, which was pretty good. Nothing too special though. My friend ordered the Loco Moco, and we both had the white chocolate macadamia nut pancakes! Again, the pancakes were great!The place does get crowded because it's not that big so expect a long wait especially on the weekends.
4	We came here for breakfast. Beware: come here early, or you will have to wait a long time. It's hard to find mom and pop shops like these nowadays. It's a little far from the main strip of vegas, but it's mainly freeway driving, so it wasn't that bad of a drive. Probably took us about 15-20min to drive from Mandalay Bay to the restaurant. They are known to have really good pancakes...and they are! I had the red velvet pancakes and they were delicious. I recommend this one. We didn't get to try the other ones, but there were some that sounded really good. My boyfriend got the kalua benedict. He wasn't a fan. We recommend going there to eat the pancakes.
4	Came here one day because we had originally wanted to get an adobo fried rice omelet from Aloha Kitchen, but it was way far...so our friends suggested this spot.  We came in right after the 6:30 mass near by and we were sure happy we did, because about 5 minutes after we got seated, the place got PACKED!  Anyway, we got exactly what we came for, the adobo fried rice omelet.  If you've never tried it...gotta go.  They also have these pretty good red velvet pancakes; which definitely taste more dessert-ish than they do pancak-ish, he he he.  But we all enjoyed our food and the service was excellent.  A little far in my opinion, when there are other options near by, but if it was close to me, I'd definitely go pretty often!
4	Today, We (me and Kalila) went on an adventure to finally try the red velvet pancakes that everyone has been talking about!I ordered the corned beef hash (which was a no brainer after the waitress said that it was NOT from a can), scrambled eggs, seasoned potatoes and bacon pancakes. Yes.... BACON pancakes.The corned beef hash was delicious. Scrambled eggs, good. Seasons potatoes weren't really noticeably "seasoned," but it wasn't bad either. The bacon pancakes are a creative invention, but when it comes down to it, it tastes as if you took a bite of pancake and just so happened to shove some bacon into your mouth a couple seconds later (Don't judge. That's probably a normal thing for people who eat fast). The pancake with or without the bacon though, is really good.Kalila got scrambled eggs, 4 sausage links, hashbrowns and RED VELVET PANCAKES! She doesn't even like pancakes, but there was no way we were going to baby stacks without getting the RVpancakes. She got them and loved them. They were really good! Kalila was nervous about the "cream cheese syrup," but she loved that too! It tasted like the frosting that comes with toaster strudel. Scrambled eggs, just as good as mine. Sausage links, bomb dipped in maple syrup. Hashbrowns were tasty! Everything was really good! While walking back to the car, we talked about how much fun we actually had eating that meal. It was worth the road trip it took to get there.
4	Went with of a group of ten we tried alot of different dishes. Country fried steak was really good. The strawberry pancakes (full stack) was more than my son could eat. now that is crazy! Every dish was awesome. they had Filipino dishes and other unique menu items. The strawberry syrup seemed to be most popular. A Must try breakfast stop when in Vegas. A bit out of the way I think in Summerlan but well worth it.
5	Definitely a MUST TRY breakfast spot when visiting Vegas!   I have been hearing about the red velvet pancakes and finally went to try them out myself.  Friday morning we had a table of about 10 and waited almost an hour for a table, but it was so worth it!!  If you come with a big group, best go as early as possible!Out of the dishes we ordered, I tasted: red velvet pancakes, adobo fried rice omelet, and the loco moco.  The pancakes were so much better than I expected them to be!  I'm really not a fan of pancakes but the red velvet ones were super delicious!  And they're not topped with butter; they're topped with a cream cheese syrup and chocolate chips.  Loco moco was really good and I absolutely loved the adobo fried rice.  Prolly gained 5lbs while eating there but I will def want to come back the next time I'm in Vegas
4	Before heading back to reality and heading home, my friends and bf wanted a nice good breakfast to end our fun weekend in the Sin City and with the helped of yelp it brought us to this place. Upon driving up to this place you can already see groups of people waiting outside so you must know that this restaurant is good. I had their Kalua Pig Benedict which I enjoyed a lot. I would recommend this dish to anyone who likes egg benedict. My boyfriend had their Portuguese Sausage and Eggs and it was okay, don't think he'll get it again as the sausages were just sausages, nothing really stood out with this dish. The garlic rice that he order had too much garlic in it as well. Will not recommend this dish to anyone. Tried a few pieces of their Red Velvet Pancakes and it was good, little too sweet for me, but no complaints here. Also tried their Buttermilk Pancakes and again it tastes like pancakes to me. Honestly I can see why people would stand for over an hour to eat here, this please is pretty good, but next time I'm in town I would just pick up the phone and order, lesson learned. =]
4	Babystacks is a pretty solid breakfast place.  I ordered the huevos rancheros with green chile sauce. It was pretty tasty, but not quite spicy enough for me. The waiter said that the green chile sauce is the spicier of the two, but I think next time I'll go with the red sauce. I got hash browns with my meal, which were AMAZING!! Really, some of the best hash browns I've had. My girlfriend ordered the red velvet pancakes. She enjoyed them quite a bit. I'm not much of a cake person, but they were pretty good. It was like eating cake for breakfast - which is something I always looked forward to as a kid after a birthday party. I couldn't see myself eating a whole meal, but the few bites I had sure were tasty. We also ordered the adobo fried rice with the intention of taking it to go. We didn't realize that it was an omelette with fried rice in it. We apparently didn't read the menu very well since it says that it's adobo fried rice wrapped in an egg. I guess I just assumed that most fried rice has egg bits in it and didn't think that it would be an omelette. Pretty interesting take on fried rice. It was pretty good, too. It didn't really have much of the adobo flavor I'm used to, but I liked it. Overall, Babystacks is good. The service was great and the staff members were very friendly.  I've been wanting to try it for a while now and I'm glad I did. I'll definitely be back.
3	Great service. Adobo Fried Rice Omlete was delicious.  The restaurant itself is a bit small, but since it's breakfast, table turnover is pretty fast. My boyfriend got the Sausage & Egg breakfast which also came with hashbrowns and 2 buttermilk pancakes. It was good, but maybe we needed to get a different pancake dish.
5	Red Velvet pancakes!! nuff said.  Okay okay I'll write more. The service is good and the food came out pretty fast. My gf had the Huntington Omelet(bacon,chedder,green peppers) avocado and salsa. Came w/pancakes and seasoned potatoes. Her dad had the pork adobo fried rice omelet. Both were good but not as good as my red velvet pancakes!!!! Worth the drive just for that!
4	i ordered the country fried steak.  this was cooked perfectly!!  it was perfectly crispy throughout and the gravy was yummy.  i always order the gravy on the side so it keeps its crunch. i would definitely order this again.being the fatty that i am, i also ordered a side of red velvet pancakes.  they were really yummy, though ive had better.  i really like the cream cheese syrup.  it was light enough to eat with every bite of the pancake. yum-O!i also had a sampling of the lemon ricotta pancakes. again, their lemon cream cheese syrup was yummy.  the pancake itself was very light.  definitely a place to go try.  they have sooooo many varieties of pancakes.  i will definitely go back to try them all.
5	If ever you're in Vegas, you HAVE to drive off the strip and try this place. Everyone's already said it: Red Velvet Panckes ftw! It's a pretty small place but the quality of the food was amazing. Along with the Red Velvet pancakes we ordered the Carrot Cake pancakes and Almond Joy Pancakes with a side of hash browns. The carrot cake pancake is exactly what it sounds, it was just like eating a slice of carrot cake. Pretty delish.. the Almond Joy pancake was a little overwhelming. I think that flavor should stay with the chocolate bar alone. We had a 45 min wait, the service was good and fast. They have such a diverse selection for pancakes its amazing but if you're feeling overwhelmed just try the red velvet, you can't go wrong! They serve the pancakes half stack and full stack. Half stack is 3 pancakes and full is 6. Not sure who can eat a full stack but kudos to you. This is definitely one of those places you kinda have to try once.
3	This place is a bit Over Rated. My boyfriend and I drove across town to check out this new popular spot but i must say the "red velvet pancakes" are not,.. my faves. lets just leave it as that. If you eat that thing with no icing, theres no taste. Anyways, on to the positive aspects. The place is nice and homely filled with welcoming services and a great variety of choices (especially for those asian/filipino people and their type of breakfast with rice and spam.. etc).  I ordered a crunchy whole grain french toast and i must say i was very surprised how good it was! it seems very simple, a french toast covered in crunchy corn flakes, but it was so yummy and good looking, the people next to me ordered it too and loved it! My boyfriend got an veggie omlete and the red velvet pancakes as the side so we can both try. Overall this place was good but I wouldn't drive all the way across town to come eat again, sorry!
5	Very good food. I had the loco moco it has  rice, beef patty, egg and gravey. All of it very, very good. And don't pass up the red velvet pancakes. Come hungry and leave full. :)
5	Absolutely Love this place the food is great and the service is good too.they always have smiles on their faces and seem to enjoy their job. Chicken fried steak is my number one choice!   It is quite small in their but they are always busy. They get people in and out. Leaving satisfied
4	BabyStacks Cafe is one of my favorite places to go for breakfast, but unfortunately I have had to turn away from it on several occasions due to the long wait, which seems almost unavoidable. Each time I come here, I try to order something different off the menu, but I have got to say my absolute favorite things to order are the adobo fried rice omelet and the red velvet pancakes. The only thing I was a little disappointed in upon ordering was the macadamia nut pancakes. Having had authentic Hawaiian macadamia nut pancakes with the sauce all over the top, I think I kind of had high expectations. I personally couldn't taste much of the macadamia nut flavor and felt as though I was eating a regular stack of pancakes.
4	I wish there was a place like this in So Cal!  My husband and I were in Vegas and on the way to Death Valley.  We wanted to find a GOOD breakfast spot that wasn't a buffet or touristy place on the strip.  We found this place on Yelp and were lured in by the red velvet pancakes and eggs benedicts.We got there at about 10:30 am on a Friday morning and waited about 20 minutes for a table. I noticed that the menu and the music (island reggae) in the restaurant has a Hawaiian theme.  I saw Kahlua pig and Loco Moco on the menu - and they're particularly Hawaiian food. I ordered the Kahlua pig eggs benedict, and my husband ordered the country benedict.  We ordered a half stack of red velvet pancakes, which ended up arriving a bit before our two plates.  I'm actually not a big fan of pancakes, but I ate those pancakes like a starved person!  I loved that they were soft and moist and tasted like what I hoped red velvet pancakes would taste like - and not like I was eating a overly sweet cake like I was afraid I might be.  But like red velvet cake or cupcakes, it's more about the soft and moist texture along with what makes the cake - the cream cheese frosting.  The cream cheese frosting/syrup wasn't too sweet and pour out on the pancakes about the consistency of ranch salad dressing.  The little chocolate chips sprinkled on top were definitely made the pancakes irresistible. As for the Kahlua benedict, they were good but not great.  When in Hawaii, Kahlua pig is one of my favorite things to eat.  Even living in So Cal, I've never found any Hawaiian place that has ever done Kahlua pig the way it's done in Hawaii.  Carnitas at some authentic Mexican restaurants are probably the closest, but still not the same. I was a bit disappointed with my benedicts since they also had a lot of cabbage in them, giving the Kahlua pig a slight bitter taste rather than the juicy pig taste I was hoping for.  The Kahlua pig tasted pretty bland otherwise, and was a bit soggy rather than meaty like I hoped.As for my husband's country benedict, it tasted I guess as it should - like country fried steak with eggs.As for the hash browns (I didn't wanna risk ordering the potatoes, since I've rarely found a restaurant that did breakfast potatoes well), they were perfect. It was fried to a perfect crispiness on one side and moist and potatoey on the inside.  These were probably some of the best hash browns I've ever had!Overall, I really enjoyed this place and would definitely make the 20 min trip off the strip to go there again next time I'm in Vegas. I'm certain a breakfast place like this would do really well in So Cal. :)
4	love their red velvet pancake! but the place is kinda small, we have to wait for half an hour. service is good and the food, i guess the wait is all worth it.
1	If you like bland food with not even a hint of spice this is the place for you! Worst excuse for a breakfast burrito ever! The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old. Do your self a favor and go to Denny's!
4	Saturday morning breakfast Decadence!  I'm usually a pretty healthy eater, but when it's time for a treat this place is fantastic!  It was Saturday morning and we were prepared for a wait, but the weather was nice and it was worth it.  The service is great.  Friendly knowledgable staff who make you feel at home.  The red velvet pancakes are wonderful!  Not too sweet.  I had the garlic rice and eggs and it was savory and perfect.  My husband indulged in a Full Stack of the Rocky Road pancakes.  Really good, but rich and he took half home.  A short stack is plenty.  This place is close for us and I look forward to going back and trying more of their menu!
5	I would give it 10 stars if I could!! My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place shortly after we moved to Vegas and now we have to come here at least 3-4 times a month. I love the ham, eggs, and garlic fried rice. Sounds a little weird, I know, but try it once and you'll be addicted.I won't try and top what's already been written about the red velvet pancakes. They are heavenly, try them, 'nuff said.Yes, there is almost always a wait for a table but hey, the best things are worth waiting for and so is Babystacks.
4	So I finally tried this place out!  It has been on my list forever and finally woke up early and drove over.  Reading reviews I know the place is small and gets busy so I got there right at 7am on a Saturday.  I was the second group to be seated.  Within 30 minutes the whole place was filled up and a line was forming.  I was shocked on how fast that happened.  Since I really came for the red velvet pancakes, that's what I ordered, short stack and a side of sausage patties.  The RV pancakes were delicious and so filling!!!  I wasn't to fond of syrup stuff they give, its just to sweet for me.  I mean the whole platter is a sugar high but I just couldn't do the syrup.  I would rather have regular syrup, next time.  The pancakes were good enough that really the syrup wasn't needed.  I only hate half the pancakes and took the rest home.  Seriously the short stack was just to much, haha.  The sausage patties were really good and I enjoyed them.  The service was great and they were on top of checking up on me, filling my water, etc...  I definitely want to come back again and try some of the other stuff on the menu.  I do know though, its a place to get to first thing because I am hungry when I wake up and get grumpy without food, haha.
5	Babystacks is by far the best breakfast place I've been to so far.  The hostess/waitress was so sweet. She kept asking us if we are doing okay and smiles. The place is clean and nice. Great atmosphere. There's also a flat screen tv that you can enjoy. The place is kind of small. I have no complaints because when I go, there's only a few tables occupied. I usually go when they first open.  The food is good. Their Red Velvet pancake is a must have. Nom nom nom. My mouth is drooling thinking about it. Well the Red Velvet is nice and fluffy. It's not chocolately like a red velvet cake. It has that perfect balance to it. The icing and dollop of whip cream I think with mini chocolate chips makes the pancake taste even better.
5	I drive by here a lot but I never really wanted to eat here. But, when my mom came to town she kept noticing the sign whenever we drove by. She thought the girl on the sign was cute and she also thought it looked like Heidi from the classic Japanese series: "The Girl of the Alps". So after seeing that, she really wanted to eat here. I really think that BabyStacks is one of those places that could be the next Starbucks... What I mean is that if they tried to franchise and expand, we could be seeing one of these BabyStacks locations in just about every shopping center.  They should try to expand to California or something..I am a big fan of those Hawaiian-Filipino style pancakes. They are pretty hard to find on the mainland(outside Hawaii). So I was very happy to find out that they had one of these places only walking distance from where I live. I was not disappointed when I showed up. The country gravy here is the best I have ever had. It's not that canned stuff, they make there own gravy here with bacon, milk, and flour. The biscuits & gravy and the chicken fried steak are the best things they got here. The customer service is superb. They got very social and friendly workers here. The only problem I have with this place is that they don't open for dinner. I'd be here almost every night if they opened late.Also want to address Kevin A's review of this place. His profile is here: http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=87TJFieNsGOTFGsaTDegwQIf it isn't annoying enough that he runs around and gives every single local restaurant in the summerlin/north west area a 1-star rating, claiming they have "bugs" and "insects"... he gave this place one star because he didn't like that there were "too many Asian's here". And according to this profile  the dumbass is married to a mail order Filipino woman...what a loser! Get the F*ck out!  5-Stars to BabyStacks. It's the best Filipino-American restaurant around. It's so good, I'd even recommend it to the King of the Philippines(aka Manny Pacquaio) if by some chance I ever met him.
5	Oh what a breakfast! If you haven't eaten here, you owe it to yourself to give it a shot. There is always a wait as the restaurant is pretty small, but if you're a party of two, it seems easier to be seated quickly. Be prepared, though, you may be sitting REALLY close to people at the next table. I hate this, but for such an awesome breakfast, I'll sacrifice.I am not a pancake eater- I'm an egg & meat lover, but I just *had* to try the red velvet stacks. BabyStacks allows you to add their specialty stacks to your egg order, so I ordered a skillet (always my breakfast favorite) and added the red velvet pancakes. The red velvet pancakes are not too thick, not too thin, sprinkled with mini chocolate chips and a generous dollop of whipped cream. The cream cheese syrup is to die for - it just totally reminds me Nothing Bundt Cake frosting! It's like eating chocolate cake for breakfast, which may gross some people out, but for a chocolate lover it's sinfully delightful.The skillet was one of the better skillets I've had in Vegas. They layer potatoes, cheese, and any omelet choices and top them off with eggs any style. I ordered my skillet with onion, tomaotes, spinach, cheddar cheese and sausage. It was gigantic, could barely finish half, but so full of flavor. The tomatoes were very sweet - just the way I like them.Next trip: carrot cakes with cream cheese syrup!
5	They are known for there red velvet pancakes. In my opinion it tasked just like a regular pancakes. They crepes were really good.
5	Best breakfast ever had pancakes are the best out here in vegas sooo worth 30 min wait. can't wait to go  back.
5	My wife and I had b-fast at Baby stacks yesterday. Very well done. I had the carrot cake pancakes and we both feel they were even better than the red velvet. The coffee was very good as well as the eggs and potataos.
4	This place is about a 20 min drive from the strip, but I enjoyed having brunch here on a Saturday afternoon! The wait was 20 min around 11, fyi.Yes, of course we had to try the red velvet chocolate chip pancakes, which were sweet and delicious. The short stack split amongst 3 people (1 pancake per person) was enough for us, since it was THAT sweet!The spinach eggs benedict were delicious, as well as the turkey avocado sandwich (tasted quite healthy and fresh!). This place is decorated with huge butterflies hung on the walls, cute quotes (live, laugh, love) and seats about 40 people. I dig it!
5	Sometimes I wish I lived in Las Vegas just so I could come here for breakfast regularly. Keep in mind this place is off strip so you need to drive, but the menu and prices are awesome! Also, be prepared for a wait and keep in mind it's easier to get a table for 2 than for a larger group.My two favorite dishes are the red velvet pancakes and the adobo fried rice. I've tried other pancakes here, but the red velvet are the best BY FAR. They even come with a side of cream cheese syrup. It's like having dessert for breakfast! The adobo fried rice comes wrapped in an omelet and is awesome!I've also tried the spinach eggs benedict which is very tasty. It comes with a side of buttery hash browns. I will definitely be tryng the kalua pork benedict next time. The spam scramble sounded interesting, but was nothing special. The french toast is also not very good. Take my advice and try my two favorite dishes to make the trip worth it.
4	This is one of the best hideaway spots for breakfast in Las Vegas.  I probably past this place on several occasions without thinking twice.  They got all types of pancakes from red velvet to carrot cake.  My favorite thing to order has to be kalua pig eggs benedict because I'm a sucker oozy eggs and salty pork.  This place is small so expect a wait up to 35 minutes at least!
4	I made it a point to visit this location after reading the reviews and making a bookmark. I was not disappointed. The service and meal was excellent. I had the eggs and whole wheat pancakes with turkey bacon. 4 stars because it was s packed it was difficult to relax and enjoy a breakfast meeting over coffee. Felt a little rushed and there was a long line waiting for tables... This is good because it shows how great the place is... Also how quick the meal is prepared. But $30.00 for meal, coffee and tip... I want to sit and hang out for longer than 20 minutes.
4	The lines were so long. This place keeps busy. My friends and I waited for 40 min. I came here for the red velvet pancakes. I must say it was pretty good. Also enjoyed the other breakfast foods along with adobo fried rice. The portions were pretty big. BUT I gotta say.. I have tasted better adobo and can even make most of the stuff that we had ordered. Altogether I was pleased, but not too overly impressed therefore not giving this venue a perfect score. However, I do intend to come back and bring friends with me for the experience of red velvet pancakes.
5	This place has yet to disappoint. Service is great, food comes out hot and fast. Love love the Red Velvet pancakes!
5	So glad we a local take us here. Those red velvet pancakes were the business! Also had the Spinach and Mushroom Eggs Benedict--a great damn way to start off Vegas!Great service, too!
5	Wow, those red velvet pancakes made me register here on Yelp so I could give them a review. Was quite reluctant first about these pancake flavors they offer but me and wifey decided to try it. Luckily the first 2 times we went there, no lines. Anyway, tried the Red Velvet Pancakes and Eggs Benedict made us instant believers of this place. The servers are also great and efficient and not too pushy. Food was served immediately even if you waited a long time for an open table. Also tried the Adobo Fried Rice, White Chocolate Pancakes, Carrot Cake Pancakes eventually on the succeeding visits and haven't been disappointed, not one bit or one time. Folks, try this place, it's definitely breakfast heaven!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.My favorite  meal is the Hungington Omelette and the Red Velvet pancakes (of course).  I swear they get their eggs from some super secret chicken farm in Narnia or something because their omelettes and skillets and spam and eggs are delicious.By the way, LOVE that they serve spam and eggs.  Brings me back home so it's really nice.  And their seasoned potatoes are out of this world.I don't really feel like I need to say anything about the red velvet pancakes, just walk in and look at all the articles on the wall.The staff is great.  It helps that I discovered a long lost friend works there.  They're really prompt and friendly and I enjoy very much eating there. I could have brunch there every single day.  I may suit up for it next time.
4	Finally, a breakfast and brunch place that is different from the usual pancakes and eggs places. The dishes are simple, but very delicious and filling. The usual dishes are still really good, but don't forget to try the specialty dishes. Definitely try the Loco Moco and the Adobo Fried Rice. Both are very generous portions and very tasty.The pancake flavors are amazing. You can't go wrong with the red velvet pancake. Even simple buttermilk was good. I was a little disappointed with the s'mores pancake. The description states that chocolate chips and marshmallows are actually in the batter, but mine were just placed on top (which is why I know that simple buttermilk was still good). I didn't mind eating it that way so I didn't complain, but I think it would've tasted better had it been made as described. Well, my buttermilk pancakes with s'mores toppings cost them a star. But overall, I'm a fan and will be back again! Make sure you get there early because the wait tends to be long.
5	OMG! Those red velvet pancakes were AMAZING! I have to say that I would probably skip the Kalua Pig Benedict next time and either go for just the pancakes or maybe a skillet. Overall, this place rocks! I will be back here the next time I'm in Vegas!
5	Can't get any better for Sunday breakfast! Red velvet pancakes is a culinary sin :)Adobo fried rice omelette was good too.+++
5	This place is amazing I recommend you try it's like going to a sushi bar but for breakfast it's quality food at a great price
5	If not for the desert mountains surrounding me, I would have thought I was back on vacation in Kapaa.I'm sensing a recurring theme here, with Hawaiian food in the desert.  I'm not mad about it.  I'm just jealous, that's all.There was about a 20 minute wait at 10am on a Friday.  This place was packed!  That didn't change during our whole meal, people eat, people leave, more people sit and more people eat.  I think we got here at the right time, because it seemed like the people who came after we got seated had a longer wait time.  This isn't a big place, maybe one day, they'll expand.  Anyways.....I've been terrible at deciding lately, but I suppose it's just a Vegas thing.  Too much looks good, and there's not enough space in my body.  I was torn between the Spam scramble with rice and mac salad, and the Ricks adobo fried rice omelet....What to choose?!?  Lucky for me, my mother-in-law ordered the adobo fried rice, and I was able to get the Spam scramble, but I changed out my white rice for garlic fried rice, of course!  So the Spam gets diced and thrown in with eggs and cooked on the flattop, and left a teensy bit runny, and while that would have been just gravy, they went and sprinkled Furikake on it!  It kinda seems to lift everything it gets put on, that Furikake.  Next time, I'm going to put it on my frozen yogurt and make it 10x better.  The only thing that kind of turned me off to my breakfast was my rice, because the garlic and onion were both slightly raw.  Is that a Hawaiian thing?  I've just never had it that way, and when I cook, I make the garlic kind of crispy and dice and saute the onions so they're less noticeable, , but it wasn't that bad due to my LOVE of garlic and onion, even if it was a bit undercooked.  The Mac salad, al dente noodles with subtle flavored dressing, I don't know anyone that LURVES mac salad, I certainly don't hate it.  I hate half because I was saving room for....wait for it......Adobo fried rice omelet!  I'm from that school of eating that loves to cut their food up into little pieces, mix it all together and eat it with a spoon, and adobo and rice?  Certainly falls into the category of foods that take well to being mangled like that.  I just wish it was Pork Adobo instead of chicken.  But I suppose if I'm going to gain a pound a day every time I'm in Vegas, I should do it healthier right?  The adobo fried rice omelet, so wrong yet so right!  Soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, shredded meat and rice all wrapped up in egg and sprinkled with green onions?  Done improperly, this could be about the worst garbage ass omelet in the history of man, but in the magic hands of the chef at Baby Stacks, it turns into a culinary masterpiece!  Just don't be afraid to destroy the art, it can't stay beautiful forever.  Good coffee, great food, a bit on the small side, but a great place to start your day.  Just don't forget to get portuguese sausage like I did.  I guess I have another reason to make my way back to BabyStacks.
5	OMG.  That was amazing!  I got the Huntington Skillet, and added cilantro and sour cream.  It was such an amazing breakfast, that I can't wait to dig into the leftovers!  I got my skillet with a side of the red velvet pancakes, which were very good, as every one says.  BUT.  My son got the banana cream pancakes, which tasted exactly like taking a bite of a banana cream pie!  (Note I said a bite - that was all my son would let me have!)  I will definitely go there again,  but next time, I may do carryout - it was a 45 minute wait to eat in. Well worth it, but still... I live close enough that carryout might be a better option for me!
3	Really nice staff, but the food was just okay relative to the great reviews I've read. The pancakes were average, and a little on the dry side. Again, nice folks, but a disappointing breakfast experience.
3	It seems like they changed their name from BabyCakes to BabyStacks, I guess to emphasize their pancakes...We were a party of 3 that waited about 30 mins when we arrived at noon.  I ordered ham and eggs with hash browns and s'mores pancakes.My mom ordered eggs with seasoned potatoes and regular pancakes and my sister ordered the red velvet pancakes.My over-easy eggs were made to perfection, 3 nice strips of ham steak was grilled and not overly salty, hash browns were ok - ketchup had to give it a boost and my s'mores pancakes were disappointing.  I was expecting something that was going to make my tastes buds happy and go "mmmmmmm" like how a s'more usually does... but that moment did not come.My mom's seasoned potatoes had no flavor.My sister's red velvet pancakes were a big flop; it was super bright in color (too much food coloring) and very lacking in flavor, if I was blindfolded, I would not have thought it was red velvet.  I guess I'm a little spoiled with red velvet pancakes from Cinnamon's out in Kailua, Hawaii - which is melt in your mouth chocolate heaven!I really wanted to like this place but it's just all hype - I'll wait until I go back to O'ahu to get some real red velvet pancakes, I'm going to bring my sister next time she's there so she will know what I'm talkin' about.
4	Awesome food. Filling portions. Def get the red velvet pancakes if u got a bit of a sweet tooth
5	Be prepared for the wait (it was over 20 minutes at 11:30 on a Sunday) but IT IS WORTH THE WAIT! I have been determined to go here after receiving several recommendations and reading reviews. Baby Stacks lives up to all the promises previous patrons have described. Realize the name has changed from Baby Cakes to Baby Stacks. We made that mistake and ended up at in Henderson at a bakery inside the M resort.The red velvet pancakes were worth the wait and worth going back for.
5	Went to this place after reading it was great thanks yelpers it was.  My boys had the red velvet pancakes and in short imagine a personal cake for breakfast some of the best pancakes I tasted and even better cold leftovers.  I had the biscuits and gravy not the best I ever had but not to far from the best.  Defenitely had a homemade feel all around.  Looking forward to going back and trying seething else from thereI went back before I rememberd to finish this and got the kalua pig eggs benedict awesome stuff my new breakfast spot
4	We'd passed this place at least a dozen times and always remarked how we should try it -- and finally we did on Easter weekend.  It  was much smaller than we thought inside -- but not too crowded. Cozy, I'd call it.  But there are no booths, it's all table seating.The staff was really nice and attentive as they could be considering it was pretty busy. We walked in around 10:30 on a Saturday morning, but we must've gotten lucky, because despite her saying it would be 20-25 minutes, we were seated within 5 minutes. Not too shabby.I ordered the Mexican Omelette with buttermilk pancakes instead of toast.  The omelette was delicious -- could've been a little spicier or maybe had another elements, like pico de gallo, but I just hit it with some Tabasco and all was well. Delicious carnitas, pepper jack cheese, jalapenos and topped with sour cream. Yum. I'd order it again, for sure.I'm kind of picky about my pancakes. So many places make them heavy or dense or way, way, WAY too big. I don't need silver dollars, but I prefer them smaller than my face.  These are the exact right size, especially to accompany eggs.I wanted to try the red velvet pancakes everyone raves about. The guy at the table across from us ordered them and they looked amazing.  Babystacks lets you get a specialty pancake instead of just buttermilk in lieu of toast, but I figured if this is a breakfast joint that specializes in pancakes, I should start with the basics. If their buttermilk pancakes are good, the rest probably are, too.  And they were good! I ate them both and ended up bringing home most of my omelette.Next time, I'd like to try the lemon ricotta stacks or the red velvet. There are really so many to choose from, though i'm not much of a dessert-for-breakfast type of girl, so I likely won't try them all.But I'll definitely be back -- it was comparably priced with places like Cracked Egg just up the street.  And while I love Cracked Egg, Babystacks will provide a nice alternative, especially when I really want pancakes.
1	This is the second time I try this place and it is awful. The place only has sitting for 50 people, the wait is 40 min. or more. The pork is bland and tastes bad, the pankcake are supposed to be the best the Velvet and the food coloring is generous.  The people that service are doing the best with an overwhelming amount of customers. Have people been to the Egg and I or House of Pancakes, a hundred times better than this place.  Hope they enlarge or get better, but this was my last time there.....
5	I am a fitness professional and fitness model and this place makes it very hard to stay on my diet.... the red velvet pancakes are the best. As is the buttermilk bacon pancakes. They actually pour the batter right on top of freshly broken up pieces of real breakfast bacon then slap it on your plate with a smile... makes me smile too ! !
3	First let's start with the place being not so clean. Filth coming down the TV, Air Vents, and tile that goes around the floor. The butterfly's that are on the wall are covered with dust. All that is needed is a quick clean. But the food is great and so is the service. So please guys clean the place up....
4	Very, very good food. And very good service as well. We arrived at 10am on a weekday morning, 1/2 hour wait. No problem, but the food better be good.....It was! The pancakes were fluffy and rich. Chicken fried steak was good, but not memorable. Biscuits and gravy were also good with a nice consistency to the gravy.My first exposure to Southern cuisine was Cajun influenced, so nothing quite comes close to the flavor/spice explosion of Cajun. But overall a very good breakfast and we look forward to coming back and exploring the menu some more. Love the Reggae in the morning.
1	We went to this place for breakfast. I heard so many good things about the restaurant, we were very excited to go. After a long wait 45minutes on a weekend we were finally seated five of us not including the baby. It states all over the menu that a party of six automatically gets charged a gratuity of 18%. We did not order a meal for the ten month old baby, the waitress did not serve the ten month old baby but yet counted him as a whole person charging us the 18% gratuity. I did not notice this on the receipt until we got home. I had left her a twenty dollar tip not realizing that she was counting the baby to get the 18%. I should have checked my receipt before I left the restaurant that is my fault. I don't think a ten month old baby should be counted as a whole person to get a big tip. I have learned a expensive lesson to always check your receipt at restaurants. I don't like this kind of business. Needless to say that I will not be dinning at BabyStacks cafe again.
5	My favorite breakfast joint! Red Velvet Pancakes topped with whipped cream, chocolate chips and drizzled with cream cheese syrup, Yummylicious! My Favorites:Rick's Adobo RiceRed Velvet Pancakes
5	Always had great and friendly service and the food was delicious. We had the Orange cremecicle pancakes, Butterfinger pancakes & Banana creme pie pancakes. I recommend BabyStacks Cafe to everyone. The wait can be long however it is worth it!!
5	BabyStacks Cafe is definitely on my list of favorite places in Vegas. Not only do they have great breakfast food, but the atmosphere inside is so relaxing. Upon walking in the first thing I heard was the local music playing in the background.  I haven't heard any local music since I last visited Hawaii during the summer, so it was a very nice surprise. The menu at BabyStacks Cafe definitely reflects that Hawaii feel as well. There are some great breakfast selections such as Portuguese sausage & eggs, Rick's adobo fried rice, and of course the pancakes. I decided to try the red velvet pancakes after reading many, many, many positive reviews off of yelp. I also ordered a side of seasoned potatoes because of my HUGE potato addiction. The red velvet pancakes weren't disappointing at all. Keep in mind they are sweet though, so if you don't care for sweet tasting foods I would stay away from them. The red velvet pancakes are served with whipped cream, chocolate bits, and a side of cream cheese syrup. The combination of all of those toppings definitely leaves a heavenly taste in your mouth after every bite. The seasoned potatoes had the perfect amount of seasoning and wasn't overpowering at all. The texture of the potatoes was slightly crispy, which I enjoyed very much. I definitely recommend that you try this place at least once. Be warned though, there is always a long wait to be seated. Also, the cafe is only open during select hours during the day, so be sure to double check those before heading out!
4	I had a friend recommend this place the next time I went to Vegas and I am so glad I did.  My wife had the red velvet, my daughter had the carrot cake pancakes.  I had the Huntington omelette.  We shared off of each others plates.  I truly feel this was the best breakfast ever.  The restaurant is small and there can be a wait.  We went at around 10:30am on a Thursday and just missed a rush.  It was the perfect meal before heading back to SoCal.
5	I live just a few blocks away, this is our go to breakfast nook! EVERYTHING is great here, the red velvet pancakes are my FAVORITE. I hope they expand but stay in this neighborhood!
4	I went here with one of my best friends the other week since she's been talking about it for quite some time now. I was visiting Vegas so I thought it would be good to try it out since I've heard so much about it. I ended up ordering two items since we decided to share them both.  I ordered the Huntington as well as the red velvet pancakes. The Huntington was a very tasty omelette that had the perfect mix of ingredients. The avocado on top was a nice touch as well. The red velvet pancakes were delicious as well. I loved the fuchsia color that is used, which gives it a really nice appearance. They use cream cheese syrup that goes PERFECTLY with the meal. I think the red velvet pancakes are a must.I'm excited to come back and try more things but the red velvet pancakes will always be ordered!
3	1st visit: egg's benedict - the poached egg was overcooked & rubbery. that's my fave breakfast so i was sad. wah wah.2nd visit: eggs over-easy w/ toast - it was goodcool pancake selection & specials, nice service, long wait during peak hours.
4	Tried it this morning and boy it was delicious!I had the Wheat French Toast. I love the crunchy bite! A little hard to break apart, but good.My love had your Red Velvet Pancakes and it was DIVINE! I had a bite, not going to lie haha. I think it tasted better without the chocolate toppings, but very good. I'll be back and I'll try some of your pancakes next time.
3	Honestly, I just thought this place was okay.I'm not really a fan of tight sitting quarters when I'm enjoying breakfast. Id much rather feel as though I can lounge, enjoy my coffee, and have a conversation that 20 other diners are privy to hearing. So, as for ambiance, I'd give the place a 1The food was alright. Maybe I'm just partial to the places I've grown up with (The Egg and I, Blueberry Hill), but even still, I cant say the food is that great. The scrambled eggs had a very strange coconut flavor to them that caught me a bit off guard in a kind of unpleasant way. My pancakes tasted like, well, pancakes. Nothing I could not have gotten at IHOP (and I hate IHOP) Maybe I should have tried their famous Red Velvet pancakes, but not being a fan of anything Red Velvet, I didn't see how a pancake would possibly be so good as to change my mind.The service was what one would expect in a busy breakfast joint with limited seating; nonexistent. I cant say they were rude, but nobody seemed to engage with us or give me any reason to feel welcomed. I felt as though I was being rushed out of my seat the moment the food was sat down on the table. The only reason I cant give this place a much lower rating is because I'm sure there are people who love their famous Stack of RV, and because I didn't try it, I cant say the food is all that bad. Its just not my favorite. Coffee was great, and bacon was prepared perfectly. Had it have not been for the seating arrangement and the service I could have given this place a 4 star rating. It's just okay for me.
5	This is a great spot for breakfast!  The core items are good, eggs, bacon, sausage, etc...But where they really shine above the rest are their pancakes.  Red Velvet, Almond joy, Smores (my favorite), etc etc.  Are are very good, creative and well presented.Only bad thing...they are always crazy busy in the mornings...doesn't matter the day I go, I always have to wait for a table.  But the pancakes are worth it!Give it a try
5	Great food & service every time!!! Red Velvet Pancakes love!
1	Saturday visit, created a stressful experience for me.  Not orgianized, service was less than average, my server I think needed a good night sleep, maybe out too late the night before... the wait time was unexceptable.  Now on to the food.... overpriced breakfast with below average food.  Maybe it was an off day but it was my first visit and I think it will take me ...never to come back.  Cold eggs, soggy toast and all without a smile.
3	Food:The pancakes are absolutely delicious. The rest of the food gives anyone a homely environment, but it is like any other breakfast joint with a little more variety and substitutions available.Come here for the variety of pancakes, but the eggs, bacon, sausage, spam, etc. are just plain "regular."Cost:Without a Groupon, I can't imagine spending $30 plus tip here for two people for breakfast.
4	Excellent breakfast spot, two of us ate and the food was fantastic.  Bannana Cream Pie pancakes (yes thats what they were),  were as fantastic as they sound,,,,it was bannannriffic.  Bacon and eggs were cooked perfectly and bacon was tasty.  Definately not the cheapest, but you get what you pay for.   This is definately a place worth frequenting if you enjoy breakfast out.
5	It's too bad my new favorite breakfast place is in Nevada.  I'll have to visit this place every time I'm in Vegas.  It's worth waking up for.  It's worth driving to.  And it's worth the wait.  Everything I tasted was phenomenal. The Red Velvet Pancake was out of this world!  The cream cheese syrup with buttery whipped cream really made this velvety pancake unforgettable.  I can have this for breakfast everyday! I thought their Rocky Road pancake would be too sweet.  It was perfect! Impressive that almonds and marshmallows were inside the chocolate batter as well as on top.As a peanut butter fan, I went bananas for my PBand??? pancake.  With peanut butter in and out of the pancake, I can taste how any topping would go well with this pancake.  Elvis would be proud!  He'd probably be here everyday too!  I had an omelet with ground beef, bacon, cilantro, and green onion.  It was like a marriage made in heaven.  Every flavor came out and I enjoyed every bite!  The Adobo Fried Rice was amazing too.  With marinated shredded chicken mixed with rice AND wrapped in four eggs, this unique omelet is definitely something to brag about.  Service was flawless, even with a long wait.  Their large size cups are ingenious for less frequent refills (for water, orange juice, soda).  But the coffee kept coming.    Can't wait to come back for more of their fresh pancake creations and other breakfast specialties.
2	Too busy with too much wait timeFood was just ok. This is a classic example of what people perceive as a good place because it was a blind mouse leading another blind mouseNo it was not worth the wait. Next door brunch is just as good.IHOP is just as good no kidding.
4	The red velvet pancakes, wow! There are a variety of other pancakes to try, but this one instantly caught my eye. It is also the first pancake listed on the menu, so it must be their signature item. The red velvet pancakes were so delightfully sweet and tasty that no syrup was needed. The combination of the oozing butter, the melted chocolate crumbles, and the whipped cream  added up to some of the best pancakes I've ever tasted. i also ordered the Adobo Fried Rice which also comes with a small macaroni salad. They wrap the rice in an egg, resembling an omurice. I think they added too much soy sauce to my rice, because it was quite salty. Friendly service and atmosphere. If I ever have a craving for pancakes here in Vegas, I definitely know where to go :)
4	My first time here, I tried the kalua pig eggs benedict and it was pretty good but next time I think I'll get the hollandaise sauce on the side since the muffins were drenched. The second time I came here, I tried the red velvet pancakes with portuguese sausage. Everything on the menu is reasonably priced but I wish this place was open all day to serve breakfast, hence the 4 stars. I'm a fan!
5	This place is AMAZING!!!! Lots of pancake choices, but they also have a good selection of other breakfast items. All of the food was great, everyone opts for the red velvet pancakes and they are great but....I enjoyed the cinnabun pancakes better-try them! They literally melt in your mouth! Had no wait, but the place is small and most waited a few minutes. Well worth the wait if you have one. Definetely going back :)
5	Baby Stacks is a very cute breakfast joint that reminds me of grandma's kitchen. Unlike other chains of breakfast restaurants such as IHOP or Denny's, Baby Stacks definitely has an aura of individuality, making it a fantastic ma and pop hideaway. You can almost be certain the recipes are original and as homemade as it can get . With it's homey country style decor and easy, laid back ambiance of staff (all servers are casually dressed in jeans and a t-shirt), this place is definitely the spot to go to for breakfast and a newspaper.. or brunch dates with a few close friends. Definite Recommendations:RED VELVET PANCAKES *Signature dish*  (short stack $5.75/ full $8.95). Before trying these pancakes, I was never a fan of red velvet cakes because they were always too sweet for me. However, these pancakes were amazingly balanced in taste that it blew my mind away. It's served with whipped cream and chocolate crumbles along with the most delicious cream cheese syrup. The pancakes itself is fluffy to the taste and sweeter than your traditional buttermilk pancakes. (In this case, the sweetness comes from the pancake rather than the syrup we're so used to in regular pancakes). The best part about this dish is definitely their cream cheese syrup. The creamy cheesy flavor of the syrup extremely compliments the sweetness of the pancakes, balancing it out, making ever bite the perfect combination of sweet, with a hint of salt and richness. Words cannot describe how amazing this dish is so definitely try it for yourself!KULUA PIG BENEDICT ($9.75)The Kulua Pig Benedict is an English muffin layered with Hawaiian style slow-cooked shredded cabbage and pork, poached eggs and topped with hollandaise sauce. This dish definitely kicks the traditional Benedict to the next level. The Kulua pig taste so tender and juicy with just the right amount of saltiness that goes well with the muffin and sauce. You can get this dish with a side of seasoned potatoes that are delicious with or without ketchup/ sauce.  I always get this when I'm in the mood for something light that I know can fill me up right away and then easy to take home later to eat again. Because this dish comes with 2 Benedicts, it makes portioning the meal perfectly, and definitely something I recommend if you want to split with someone else.CORA'S CORNED BEEF HASH AND EGGS ($10.95)Now I know corned beef hash is a very common dish that can be purchased anywhere. There's really only so much you can do with corn beef, however, the corn beef at Baby Stacks has a very fresh flavor that definitely separates it from the canned corned beef you find in the stores. The flavors definite taste homemade, with a delicious garlic flavor that follows every bite. The dish comes with 2 eggs and a choice of either buttermilk pancakes, hash browns, seasoned potatoes or steamed rice ( you can always upgrade ).. My suggestion is to upgrade to their garlic rice *drools*.. It's simply rice that is fried in garlic and onions, enhancing the flavors of the beef to the next level. With Tabasco and ketchup on the side, this dish is definitely my favorite dish of all time.
5	If they tell you it's an hour wait....stay don't leave. It's well worth it.You're not a red velvet or pancake eater.....order it. You'll be hearing how great it is from everyone else.Rick's chicken adobo omelet....  it's the Vegas morning after "I had one too many shots" meal.So, you have to actually get in a car to get to here, and no, it's not on the strip....serious. Don't leave Vegas without coming here. And if you live within an hour of driving distance from here and haven't yet.... get 'er booty on over there! You are missin' out on some really good grub!
5	The pancakes are spectacular!  I had the S'mores short stack pancakes and my husband ordered the bacon pancakes with a side order of hash browns.  The S'mores pancakes are light fluffy pancakes, with chococate, graham cracker pieces, marshmallows and topped with cool whip.  They give you syrup on the side but you really don't need it.  My husband thought the bacon pancakes could have used more bacon but still enjoyed his breakfast and the hash browns.The staff was very friendly and our waiter was spectacular even with the restaurant being packed full of customers.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table but the wait is worth it.
4	WoW.Nice breakfast atmoshere. Good service.The variety of breakfast offerings is amazing. Babystacks definitely hassomething on the menu you'll love. The pancake selection is absolutelymind boggling ----S'mores pancakes? Check. Red velvet? Check. Oldfashioned regular buttermilk? Check. And pretty much every other tastypermutation of pancake you can think of.I wasn't in the mood for sweet. I came for savory. I ordered the Loco Mocowhich is made up of a burger patty on top of steamed rice. Egg on top of that,  topped with a tasty rich brown gravy. Macaroni salad side. Marvelous.The prices are fair. This is a 4 star eating extravaganza.If you show up late for breakfast, don't bitch about having to wait for a seat.
5	I LOVE this place! There was a good breakfast atmosphere, the portions were big, and the food was DELICIOUS! For the quality of their food (at least what I had), their prices are VERY reasonable. I had an adobo fried rice omelette and white macadamia nut pancakes. The omelette was HUGE and being Filipino, I can say it tasted very much like adobo. The pancakes were SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good! I'd have liked bigger pieces of macadamia (they were tiny little slivers that you almost missed), but I'm just someone who loves nuts, so that's only my preference. If they tell you to wait a while, do it. It's COMPLETELY worth it.
5	OMG!!! First time we ever went & let me tell you it was AMAZING!My son had a kids meal, I had red velvet pancakes(BOMB.com) & my husband had corned beef & eggs!LOVED it will be back soon.
4	Vegas is quickly becoming my home away from home.  The mister and I want to continue with our off the beaten path Vegas experience.  I've been wanting to try BabyStacks ever since I discovered that they serve Adobo Fried Rice omelette. We headed over to BabyStacks as soon as we arrived from our long journey from LA.  The place a bit small and there was already a wait at 8:30AM on a Saturday morning.   The 10 minute wait wasn't too bad considering some of the lengthy waiting I've had done in the past.  While I waited, I noticed the sign with the pancake specials: Almond Joy pancakes or Butterfinger pancakes.  Ooh!  That sounded yummy.  I also noticed that a lot of the people were ordering Red Velvet pancakes.  It was going to be hard for me to decide what to order.  When we got to our table, I quickly scanned the menu for the Adobo Fried Rice omelet and I got nervous when I couldn't find it under omelettes.  Then, low and behold, I saw Rick's Adobo Fried Rice. The description said it was chicken adobo fried rice wrapped in an egg.  Bingo!  That was it.  I ordered that as well as the Almond Joy pancakes.  I got my pancakes and was pleasantly surprised at what I saw.  I thought it was going to be a regular pancake with bits of Almond Joy candy pieces scattered though the batter.  Instead, it was a chocolate pancake with coconut flakes and sliced almonds sprinkled on top of the whipped cream with chocolate drizzle.  It tasted like a friggin cupcake, it was sooo good.  The Adobo Fried Rice was also spectacular.  It was such a clever idea.  Why didn't I think of making that?  I made a mental note to try making my own version one of these days.  The only thing that fell flat was the macaroni salad that was served with it, it was very bland.  I doused it with Sriracha sauce, which helped.  This is an awesome breakfast spot. Prices are very reasonable and it is great for families. I wished they had a location back in LA.  At least it will be one of my breakfast spots whenever I am in Vegas.
5	Waited to go for a bit, wish I had not waited.  Great breakfast gig in Summerlin North between Lake Mead and Cheyenne on Buffalo.   I hear great things, and its true!   I had the Kalua Pork Eggs Benedict and it was stellar.  I cant wait to go back for the Red Velvet Pancakes.  Waits on weekends can be long, but worth it.   Go during week for best service.  Great place for a breakfast meeting during the week.  Bring a date on weekends.    Highly recommended!   Great food, great price!
5	Red velvet pancakes & Adobo fried rice omelet delish!!! Best brekfast spot in vegas
5	We had so much fun! My son ordered the best Red Velvet pancakes ever with cream cheese syrup, whipped cream and chocolate shavings! I loved my cheese and green chile omelette with side of Banana Cream Pie pancakes. The service was friendly and atmosphere casual and cool! Definitely worth driving over from the strip and a favorite new stop on our next trip to Vegas!
5	I love this place. The food is always good. They have great skillets and if you love pancakes thats the place to go. They probably have more than 15 different kinds of pancakes. Red Velvet is yummy :)
4	Came here for the first time this weekend with our two kids (9 months and 2.5 years) The servers were great, polite, and the atmosphere is very welcoming.  My daughter really liked the butterflies on the wall.  The food is adequately priced which is great for breakfast.  They are known for their pancakes which I would stick with they were very good :)
3	I came here on a tuesday morning and ordered the adobo fried rice for 12. - it's an omelette with fried rice inside. the taste was good. it comes with adobo flavor shredded beef. not too salty but enough to taste the vinegar and soy sauce. i'm filipino.- TOO EXPENSIVE. considering thelmas lunch with 2 pieces of adobo, rice, mac salad, fruit salad for 7. babystacks is not worth it. you can even go to wicked spoon and get unlimited omelettes for lunch for 23! lol. well...you probably wouldn't want to do that, but just sayin...- no water refills? hot waitress but a required 18% for gratuity for a half-ass job, lame.- i've eaten at their flamingo location and it was great :)
5	Easily one of the best breakfasts I've had in Vegas!  We ordered Rick's Adobo Fried Rice - wrapped in egg, it was packed with awesome flavor.  Kalua eggs benedict had the welcome addition of Kalua pork.  We also got a short stack of Red velvet pancakes.  These were rich, fluffy, and incredibly tasty but i'm so glad we only ordered a short stack to go with our other two meals.  I tend to like my brunches savory with some sweetness.  Any more pancake would have been overkill!  Will definitely be returning to try other dishes!
4	This is one the best breakfast spots in town. Because of this, you can expect a wait time of 20-30 minutes every day. The place is small, but has plenty of solid food options to choose from. I tried the loco moco breakfast which was scrambled eggs, white rice, a hamburger patty, and delicious brown gravy over the top. I also chose to replace the macaroni salad with hash browns. My wife ordered the biscuits and gravy with seasoned potatoes. Her plate arrived  with 3 massive biscuits and a white gravy that had bits of sausage throughout. We topped off our order with a short stack of their red velvet pancakes. WOW-- these are great. However, a little too sweet for me to eat as an entire breakfast. My 3 year old son could not stop talking about these red pancakes, and even wanted them for dinner that same day.Service is efficient, and the staff is friendly. Our bill came out to $28.00  not including tip.
5	What do you do when you have a day off from work and decide to go hiking at Mt. Charleston but then find yourself driving in pouring rain?  Go get some yummy breakfast at Baby Stacks in Summerlin!So many good things about this place.  Here is what I got to try so far:- Red Velvet pancakes with buttercream frosting topping.  Small little pancakes just the perfect size for a sweet taste.- Portugese sausage with eggs and rice.  This place gives you more than 4 slices of sausage!  I hate when I have to ration out my Portugese sausage to last the entire meal.  There were 9 slices I believe!  Enough to get your fix.  Upgrade your rice for garlic rice.  You won't be disappointed.- Kalua pork and eggs benedict.  Usually kalua pork is too salty but this one is not too salty at all.  My roommate thought it was bland but I would rather it be less salty than too salty.  An interesting take on the usual eggs benedict.I really want to take my parents here when they come to visit.  It is a cute little brunch place that anyone will enjoy.
4	I was searching on Yelp for a breakfast place near our hotel.  Since we were up early at 6:30 am we decided to go to Baby Stacks when they opened.  Baby Stacks is located on the corner in a shopping center.  I ordered the Cinnabon pancakes and my BFF ordered the Red Velvet pancakes, corned beef hash, and potatoes.  She wasted the corned beef because she didn't like it.  I enjoyed my Cinnabon pancakes.  I would recommend ordering the short stack with a side dish.  If you have a sweet tooth, the red velvet pancakes were good too.
4	This place is so awesome!! I love that their foods are based on Hawaiian dishes. First thing I want to say is.. RED VELVET PANCAKES!!!!! It's so awesome!! Also try their spam fried rice. It's so good. Everything on their menu is good.
3	My mission is to try every single kind of pancake they have on the menu. So far, my favorites are: red velvet and s'mores. Although I make good red velvet pancakes, the thought of waking up early to whip up a batch from scratch is totally  unappealling so the best option is Babystacks! The food tastes like they were homecooked...and I don't have to do the dishes afterwards.They have "exciting" pancakes that are worth trying like rocky road, s'mores, and cinnabun. Gone are the days of boring old commercialized pancakes.
4	This place is amazing. Every time we go to Vegas, we make sure to hit this place up at least once for breakfast. There is a huge selection of specialty pancakes, my favorite is the red velvet with the cream cheese frosting. I give their omelets a B+, they are big and they don't skimp on the fillings. If you are in Vegas, do yourself a huge favor and check it out. The wait is well worth it.
5	There were 3 of us and we did a sampling of items on the menu, everything was delicious!
4	Finally tried this place and I was impressed. Arrive early to beat the crowds even during weekdays. It's definitely a drive from the strip but  well worth it.Being a big fan of Southern style cooking I went with the country style eggs Benedict - biscuit, sausage, medium cooked egg and smothered in home made country gravy. I went with the ruby red potatoes which was just OK. The gravy wasn't overly salty and had a nice texture and went great with the cup of coffee.The menu here is quite unique and there's so many choices which makes it tough to choose. I'll have to return here again to try another entree for sure.
5	Oooh GAWD, OH GAWD, OHHH GAWD!!Why haven't I hit up this place before? forget Pho Kim Long! Me and a few of my girlfriends hit up babystacks to devour some pancakes after yelping breakfast spots to eat. We ordered the stack of red velvet pancakes, banana cream pancakes, strawberry pancakes, two orders of garlic fried rice, AND an order of their seasoned fries. A weird mix of salty and sweet but whatever! The rice was on point, down to the last grain. The seasoned fries were crispy to perfection and the pancakes were fluffy and tasty!! The fruits were all fresh, their homemade whip cream was thick and creamy, and the toppings were so delicious and sweet. You know their food is bomb when you cant recommend one pancake over the other. All were so goooood!
4	Good food with prices. Lots of variety. If you like huevos rancheros you will like the ones they serve here. I asked for an extra egg rather than the chicken and fruit opposed to potatoes. YUM.
5	5/5 only place i will spend money for breakfast
2	I wanted some pancakes and heard this is the place to go. I picked the blueberry short stack because it seemed like the only item that wouldn't give me diabetes. It's the middle of summer, when cartons of fresh blueberries are widely available for cheap and Babystacks is using frozen blueberries in their pancakes? Really? That, and the batter tasted bland. Like any other chain restaurant pancake. Although $6 for breakfast isn't bad. Come early (8am) and beat the crowd.
5	OMG, pancake orgasm!  This is the BEST place I been in a long time.  Pancakes are the perfect size and the favor, WOW!  I was very confused when ordering, but the server was very helpful and patient with me.  I went with his recommendations the huevos rancheros and carrot cake pancakes.  Awesome breakfast/lunch can't wait to visit this place again when we're in town again.
5	This place has made me a BELIEVER!!!  I normally never EVER get pancakes as my breakfast entree, but these are the best pancakes EVERR!!!  These pancakes were light, fluffy and not overly sweet.  My friends and I came here for brunch during our girl's vegas weekend and we were NOT disappointed in the least.  We ordered the red velvet, banana cream pie, and strawberry pancakes and they were all delicious.  My personal fave was the banana cream pie.  All the pancakes were served with homemade whipped cream and the red velvet came with a cream cheese syrup (YUM!!).  Aside from our sweet entrees, we also ordered a side of garlic friend rice and french fries, both were also great.  I am definitely returning next time I'm in vegas!!
5	the pork was good. order it.
3	I've been here a few times while I was in town, and I would definitely give them 4 or 5 stars for the food, but maybe 3 stars for the prices, which is kind of expensive.  Everything is close to, or around, the $10 range.  I always get the infamous red velvet pancakes that everybody else gets and they're definitely pretty good.  Loco moco is also good, but nothing to write home about.  The same for the portugese sausage and eggs.  If it's a weekend, go early to avoid the crowd and long wait!!  Like before 8:00.  Everybody and their grandmother is there on the weekends!!!
3	Red velvet pancakes & garlic fried rice. The end!
5	I want my baby back baby back baby back, Babyyyyy BabyStacks!!I finally decided that I must must must try this place after all the wonderful things that I have heard about it.  I have yet to, and yes this makes me incredibly sad, taste the pancakes, because I'm on my special high protein diet at the moment. However, I have had the bacon, sausage, Peruvian sausages, eggs, and an omelet so far.  They have all been ever so tasty.  The eggs were exactly how I ordered them, they have yet to mess up an order and its always ready faster than they say, which is nice when you're in a time crunch.  I have yet sat down in the restaurant because I have seen how crazy busy it gets so I can't rate the service there but the hostess is wonderful and always smiling- HUGE for customer satisfaction. I can't wait to try the pancakes and update this review!
5	Their parking is plenty located within a large shopping center. Their prices are friendly from $3.00-$18.00. The vibe is always packed with many locals. The service was busy, but yet somehow the servers always came to check on our table at the right time. The food selections are wonderful. Many include breakfast plates. Their portions are huge! If your hungry get the Mexican food plate with tortillas which comes with chicken, rice and beans. I came hungry, but after leaving not only was I happy with the service, price and food, but I was full! My portion was more than tasty enough food. Enough to feed two! I recommend next time you want some good tasty breakfast, but not from a big food chain eatery come to this place it's excellent! You won't be disappointed!
4	Oh Babystacks.......you never do me wrong. Oh how I love thee....let me count the ways..                                                                                                                                         1.) Red Velvet Pancakes (Yum!!) - These pancakes are nice and light. Not too heavy. Very flavorful but not too rich where you feel like you would need to drink a gallon of milk. To top off this wonderful dish it comes with a whipped light cream cheese syrup and mini chocolate chips.           2.) Loco Moco - ( Oh ma gawd!) - This amazing dish is made up of steamed rice, an all beef patty, and eggs served any way with brown gravy on top. So magical. All the flavors blended together very well. The only thing I don't like about this dish is the macaroni salad that comes with it. No flavor. Maybe you could substitute the salad with some fruit?                                                                                                                            3.) LJ's  Scramble - (Kids dish) - This dish is on the kids menu. I think they give a nice size portion for the price. It comes with a scrambled egg, sausage or bacon, hash browns (which is enough for my daughter and I to share) and 1 baby stack.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Baby stacks is known for their gourmet style pancakes. They have several different options to choose from such as s'more, lemon ricotta, carrot cake, Rocky road, cinnabon, and bacon. If I could ever get out of my comfort zone, step out of the box and try something new, I would like to try these other pancakes. They sound wonderful! I will also need to try the Kaluha pig Benedict or spinach Benedict. I hear these dishes are tasty as well?   Baby stacks has two locations. I live closer to this location (smoke ranch) but I think the one off of Flamingo is a bigger? You definitely want to get to either location early because there can be somewhat of a wait. I am a fan though and find myself going at least 1-2 times a month.
5	Just went here today, heard about how busy this place gets on the weekends so I'm glad I came on a weekday afternoon, but good for them because it is great how a local business is rockin it!  The service was spot on and the food was amazing.  I loved watching the plates come off the line.  I didn't know that it was Hawaiian owned and the Hawaiian plates on the menu were a pleasant surprise because I love all things Hawaiian.  Husband had the deliciously yummy banana cream pancakes, I had the kahlua pig eggs benedict.  I love eggs benedict and pride myself on knowing if a hollandaise sauce is freshly made or not.  This one was.  I could drink the stuff.  Anyway, overall this place had great service and awesome food so support this little local business.
4	No one does red velvet pancakes like BabyStacks! No one..........the Kalua Pork Benedict is also quite delicious. Now that they Have two locations it really cuts down the wait  I would eat here every week if i lived in Vegas.
5	This place is AMAZING!!  My husband, sister and her boyfriend had breakfast here on the weekend that my husband and I were going to get married.  We had a sampler of pancakes to share and some other savory dishes to share.  The items that we talked about after leaving here were the red velvet pancakes, rocky road pancakes, but the real headlining event was Rick's adobo fried rice.Now a breakfast place to look forward to when going to Vegas.
4	The wait here is pretty long, unless you have a party of two.  My party of three probably waited at least 30 minutes.  It kinda sucked bc we'd see parties of two arrive way after us but get seated right away.  :(  It's not their fault that they have many more two-person tables, but it was still irritating.  Anyway, once we were finally seated, we ordered pretty quickly.  You get a side of buttermilk pancakes with most orders (a stack of two) and can pay a small fee to upgrade to a flavored one.  I think they should offer an option to get one pancake bc I saw a lot of people leave a ton of leftovers due to the amount of food.  I got the Chili Omelet, which had Zippy's Chili (my favorite from Hawaii!) on top and inside.  Though there was Zippy's Chili inside, I wish they put more on top.  It was pretty basic - just an omelet filled with Zippy's!  Good but not great.  The has browns were really good, though, as they were crispy and not soggy.  I also upgraded to the Red Velvet pancakes, which came with a deliciously sweet whipped cream (they must make it there bc it def did not taste like the canned kind), chocolate bits, and cream cheese sauce on the side.  The cream cheese sauce was super sweet, but I liked it, though the whipped cream was probably enough.  Pancakes were light and fluffy and really good.  My friends got the chili verde omelet, which she found to be very average, and my other friend got spam and eggs.  I can fry spam myself at home, so I never order it out, but she had a craving for it.  One friend got a side of buttermilk pancakes, which she said was good.  Food came quickly, and we ate just as quickly since another line was building up.  The place had a constant flow of people coming in.  I can see why, though.  I'd definitely eat here again, even though it's a bit of a trip off the strip!
4	As everyone before has stated the red velvet pancakes were soooo great! The breakfast itself was just average. Sooo if you come, I would definitely have a speciality pancake. Great service! Jacob was awesome! FYI the place is called babycakes...
4	What happened to their Macaroni? It used to be really delicious but this time around it was really bland. That is the reason for the one star downgrade. It was disappointing because I was really looking forward to it. I couldn't eat it after two bites. The spam, egg whites and rice were yummy. I also tried their Lemon Ricotta crepes which were also good but a little thick. BabyStacks was still busy for a Friday but we didn't have to wait longer than 20 minutes to be seated.
4	I just had to see what all the hype was all about! In the end, my taste buds definitely agreed. I had a Spanish influenced omelet & the white chocolate macadamia pancakes. Both tasted amazing! The pancakes made a perfect dessert after breakfast. I'm probably the biggest white chocolate lover. However, their service was ok. We were easy customers who ordered immediately & left quickly. The only request I had was for a take-out box, & my male server must have forgotten. I wish I could have given them 5 stars. The only other reason was because there were a few little ants on our table and walll, which our table leaned up against. My boyfriend & I tolerated it & didn't mention it. We'll definitely be back at this Hawaiian-like breakfast joint.
5	WAY TO END ONE HELL OF A VEGAS TRIP!Hit up the spot on a Monday around brunch time. They estimated a 10-15 minute wait but we actually got a seat within 3-5 mins.Ordered the banana cream pancakes, garlic fried rice, adobo chicken omelette and kalua pig rice. WOWWWW talk about DELICIOUS! I've had the banana cream pancakes before and I actually like them more than the red velvet pancakes, not saying the red velvet pancakes aren't good because they also deserve 5 stars but the I just LOVEEEE banana cream anything! The food was quick, delicious and so original! I wish I could have taken food home or wish there was a spot like this in Cali.Definitely a must if you can get your ass off the strip! Reasonably priced too!Total spent $free.99(Bill was a little over $30 but my friends got me)
5	This place deserves a 5 because I over ate like a mofo and got sick for doin so LOL So the PIC was so over that brekie from Bouchon the day before so he wanted something off the strip. I fired up the yelp and it was between that and some other spot but these pictures from here won me over! I don't know Vegas and what part we were in but getting there was almost nuts because it was flooded getting there. Damn storm in Vegas kinda ruined my Vegas mojo. Oh well. So found the spot in a shopping center next to a donut shop I wanted to get a donut BUT the food coma after this orgasmic meal stopped that LOL. Since this was a weekday brekie, we didn't have to deal with the weekend rush that I kept reading about, so :p Walked in and sat at the counter so I can watch some tv while stuffin my face. The service was good . We had a dude that I think may have ran the place himself or family. Anywho scaled the menu and was drooling over the options. So typical me :D  Finally  we figured out what we wanted after trying to figure it out for damn near 15 minutes. My fault HA!   I opted for the build your own skillet. With the eggs ,spinach,bacon,mushrooms and cheese. Under that is a bed of breakfast potatoes. I also added two red velvet pancakes for an additional charge. Still came with toast OH LAWRD LOL. Pic ordered the Ricks adobo fried rice and also we did a side of portugeuse sausage and kailua pork. Man this sounds like were some mad fat asses LOL.  So im getting excited for all this food to come out. Thank god we had the whole counter to ourselves HAHA. We start piggin out. My skillet was delish BUT I didn't care for all the potatoes under my fixins. I like hashbrowns much more than breakfast spuds. The eggs were nice and fluffy. I could have used more cheese but im a cheesehead LOL. The red velvet pancakes were CRACK! Thats pretty much did my tummy in! I kept eating them and eating them and eating them. I usually hate pancakes but these were OMAZING. The cream cheese syrup was so damn good! The chunks of chocolate chip with the batter and syrup made it a perfect bite! Damn now im starting to day dream about those.  The portueguese sausage was a good amount and cooked perfectly. The kailua pork was a lacking something, some kind of brown au jus with a touch of sweetness would have made it more enjoyable. His dish was  good as well but not the best fried rice. But still good and he ate it all!  We walked out stuffed as hell and we were going to go shopping BUT I couldn't take knowing that I would have to walk amongst the crowds, so I said F it take me back to my room so I can sleep LOL. Can't wait to come back here!!!!!!
4	Loved their red velvet pancakes!
5	WOW!!! Is one of the few ways to describe this place. Let's start with the fact that I'm no morning person whatsoever. I work swing sleep all day play all night. It's Vegas you get the idea. The reason I start here is because, this place was so outstanding I woke up early three times in the first week of trying just to have breakfast here. I wake for no one and nothing. Another thing the menu sounds so appetizing I would eat basically anything on it. Why is this also important? Because I'm one of the most extreme picky eaters known to man. Was not afraid to try something new everyday either. Which is just crazy for me. On the way in make sure to read the specials white board so you don't miss out on great seasonal items aswell. I almost passed up pumpkin pancakes. Yes they're different then friggin ihop's or denny's don't know how to describe how though, that's where you find out for yourself. Not to mention great service the wait for food felt like no time. House potatoes pretty typical but they have just the right amount of seasoning then add a side of red salsa...Exquisite! Small location on West Buffalo but worth any trouble anytime. Honestly Love this breakfast joint, life long customer added here, can't wait to keep trying new stuff!!! FYI the famous Red Velvet pancakes really are that unique and amazing, but like I said there's so much more to explore, and they make ordering in different fashions and combinations easy. Definitely give this place at least 2-3 tries lol even though it'll only take one. So much more to go on about but let's be honest, no point waisting time on reading this hurry in and eat up!
3	Maybe it was cause I was hungover, but didn't see what was so special here.  Sure the red velvet pancakes are good, but not great.  Plus, we had to wait 1 hour just to get in on a Sunday morning.  The adobo fried rice was served in a gigantic portion but was medicore at best. Not the kind of place I look for when I want a good brunch.
4	The pancakes were very good have to say they are better than original pancake house. Although this cafe is very small but clean.. Staff very friendly and knowledgable.. I def recommend trying it.. Get there early due to limited space the wait could be very long but worth it..
4	Mmmmmmm good!  Period! This is a locals place and way off the strip, but delicious.
4	It was during our annual Thanksgiving trip to Vegas that we came across this cafe. My boyfriend and I needed to fuel up before we head out to the outlet for some serious shopping. We wanted pancakes so I did a quick Google search under "Best brunch in Vegas" and this came up as one of the 10. I have the tendency to look up menus to see if anything jumps out at me before I actually head there...the red velvet pancakes got me.This cafe ended up being a little further than I expected off the strip...but wasn't hard to find. To our surprise, we walked into a Filipino owned restaurant! It's as if the motherboard was calling my boyfriend home! :p As we got to our seat, I kept seeing patrons munching on a breakfast burrito and I couldn't find it on the menu at all! Whenever there's a breakfast burrito on the menu, I had to get it. So being too shy to ask, I ended up ordering Baby Chick Omelette with a side upgrade of the red velvet pancakes. My boyfriend didn't go far from his homeland and ordered the Rick's Adobo Fried Rice with a short stack of the Rocky Road pancakes. The service was casual and quick. We got our food not too long after and as soon as it came, we dove in...after taking pictures of our food, OF COURSE! My Baby Chick Omelette was good and definitely loaded! The red velvet pancakes were good but I think Larchmont Bungalow in LA makes it better. I had a bite of the Adobo Fried Rice. It was good but a little dry for my taste. My boyfriend loved it though. His Rocky Road pancakes were to die for!!! It's ice cream in carbs form. Yum!!I think this establishment is a great change from your strip buffets and overpriced food. I would definitely come here again. As we went to the front to pay, I noticed behind their cashier was a blackboard of....their specials. And guess what was on their...the burrito. :( Lesson learned...ALWAYS CHECK OUT THE BLACKBOARD FOR SPECIALS!
5	There is just something about these Red Velvet Pancakes that make me forget that I don't like to eat pancakes lol.Since my initial review I've tried quite a few more items on the menu, most notably the Adobo Fried Rice omelet and the Huevos Rancheros. The adobo fried rice blew my mind. 1) Because it was delicious and 2)I'm filipino and it never once crossed my mind to mix adobo and fried rice. WHAT EVEN.There are now two locations and the quality of the food at the new location is just as good as the quality of the food at this location. Also the name has changed lol.
1	We heard so many good things about this place so we decided to try it. The menu looked amazing and we came hungry. I ordered kalua pig Benedict and my husband ordered adobo fried rice with Mac salad. Both were not good at all! The kalua pig Benedict was kalua pig and CABBAGE Benedict...totally gross no taste from the kalua pig and the English muffin on the bottom was soggy from water...if it was soggy from like a tasty liquid that would've been different but it wasn't. The adobo fried rice was junk. If you are from Hawaii and know good adobo fried this was not even close. We thought aloha kitchen AFR was junk this was worse. The Mac salad was DISGUSTING to say the very least. It had no taste and the macaroni tasted old. It was like soaked (not boiled) macaroni in a watery white substance. I gave this one star because we also ordered the red velvet pancakes and although it was a little dry it did taste good. We also got a side of zippy's chili which was about an ounce for $2.75 that tasted good (like zippys chili) so our bill came out to $47 and some cents and we were Very Very disappointed to have to pay that much for such a crappy meal.
5	This is a phenomenal breakfast-lunch place and so far it's my faovurite such pplace in Las Vegas.  Everything we have had here is outstanding except for the corned-beef hash which is the basic traditional kind that tastes like the canned kind.  I know people who love that, but I don't.  Even that, though, is good if doctored up with ketchup and hot sauce.Anyway, all the pancakes we've had are incredible, including the red velvet and the banana cream pie.  Neither is too sweet or heavy, as one might reasonably fear, and they are light and beautifully prepared.  The lemon ricotta crepes are also great.The Kalua Pig Benedict is different and delicious.Hash browns are great, cooked nicely.
5	Pure sanity and lovely service, sweet and savory all in one. My waitress, Blanca, was a doll. I had coffee while I waited. Come here to get your mode back after a night of losing. Emerge a satisfied winner
4	Get the Red velvet pancakes. The burrito and pumpkin pancakes were also delicious. We went on a Saturday around 1 and had to wait less than ten minutes
3	I am not really a breakfast food fan but I've heard tons of things about the RVPs, so I had to try them. I got read the reviews about how busy it is on the weekends, so I decided to call in my order. When I got there, there weren't many people so 8am on a Sunday seems good if you don't want to wait.The red velvet pancakes are just okay. Almost like a dense piece of red velvet cake. The RVPs I had from IHOP are just as good. I also had bacon, eggs and hash browns, which were pretty standards. I did sneak a bite of the macadamia nut pancakes. They were amazing. Way better than the red velvet! If I am ever in the neighborhood I'll go again if the wait isn't too bad and I will just stick with a stack of the macadamia nut pancakes. It's definitely not worth going out of your way.
4	One of my favorite spots for breakfast. The red velvet pancakes are AMAZING! They are so yummy, they come with a side of cream cheese syrup, which you don't really need to add, they are delicious with or without. The chocolate pancakes are delicious also, while they are served with a topping of whipped cream and bits of chocolate chips. I'd say the only thing I don't like about this restaurant is the size. It's a pretty popular spot, so if your hungry get there early because they fill up quickly and the wait can be anywhere from 45 minutes to an hour. When your starving and your seeing all the delicious plates being served steps from you, it can get frustrating!
5	Red Velvet pancakes!!!! If anyone knows me, they know that I love breakfast, and I love anything red velvet. So I had to come in to try the famous Red Velvet Pancakes that babystacks offers. OMG! They were so decadent! Anyone who wants to indulge on breakfast needs to come here. The portions that they give you are huge! Its definately enough for two people to share an order of anything here if they are not too hungry. The service is also top notch! My coffee was always full, and our server was always around when we needed him, but not enough where is was annoying. Make sure you visit this place if you're visiting and especially if you're a local!
4	Damn you Rock n' Roll Marathon! Wait, I didn't even run in this years race. . . Damn you discipline minded (that's me). I could have had the Red Velvet Pancakes. I should have had the Red Velvet Pancakes! Actually my heart was set on Eggs Benedict and with my husband participating in the marathon later that evening we opted for a lighter option pancake to share, the original with strawberries and whipped cream. They looked so airy and light melty in your mouthy. . . Ohhh, carbs, how at times I miss thee. . . but not thy body that comes with the gluttony of your empty means. I also had a few bites of the Loco Moco and almost regretted my Eggs Benedict, almost.Bring a jacket, it gets cold in there. Myself and others agreed unanimously the chill factor was evident.
2	My wife read a review someplace that raved about pancakes. She loves pancakes. So we went, she ordered bacon pancakes, a short stack. I like corned beef hash so that's what I ordered. She said her pancakes were okay but too thick for her, too cake like. Okay that's a personal preference.The menu says the corned beef hash is homemade. It tasted and looked like it was from a can, maybe doctored a bit but from a can. It tasted okay but nothing special. I ordered seasoned potatoes and I swear they were a commercially available brand. I also had an order of sourdough toast but where was the butter? I slight splash of butter? C'mon. I can say the service was excellent but all in all we didn't find the place a stand out. We'll keep looking.
5	Oh my goodness! Been hearing about the red velvet pancakes. They are soooo good!
4	Red velvet pancakes were really good. The cream cheese icing sauce made them too sweet in my book. I just dipped a few bites in the sauce. The whipped cream that came on top made them sweet enough. Service was fast and friendly.
3	Overrated! The first time got the red velvet pancakes. Those were great. Second time, bf and I shared a short stack of carrot and white chocolate pancakes. Got the grilled cheese special with pork and the adobo fried rice omelet. It was all ok. Carrot pancakes had a nasty after taste and could only eat with the sauce. They might as well called the grilled cheese with pork a pork sandwich. It barely had any cheese and almost all pork. Not good at all! The only thing I kind of liked was the adobo fried rice but it doesn't even compare to aloha kitchen. Service was good. But I would not come back unless I was craving red velvet pancakes. I am not a morning person at all. But I would have preferred another place.
1	I tried to come here once before with my husband and couldn't get in the wait was over and hour. So on his birthday we came back. First the girl told me it would be a 20 min wait for a table when there was only one party ahead of us with 3 ppl. I peaked in the dining room and here were 2 empty two seater tables. When we were sat a couple minutes later I found service A bit slow. I ordered the spinach Benedict and my husband got the French toast. The Spinach Benedict was HORRIBLE! It had this strange cheese wiz allOver it. I asked the waiter if that was the hollandaise sauce and he said it was and I could change it if I wanted to for another item on the menu. I said I just scrap it off. Half my plate was this thick cheese wiz like sauce. My husbands French toasts was good but cold!!! And the syrup the brought us was cold too!!! We will never go back there and I can't understand where all these good reviews came from... If I thought it was aBad day I would give it a second chance but sadly I think they just suck
4	I am generally not a fan of breakfast food. About once a year I get a craving. We chose Babystacks to satisfy our urge. It was as good as the other reviews. The place is hidden on the back side of a shopping center. Was not busy so we were seated immediately. Food was served about 10 minutes after ordering. Red velvet pancakes were moist and delicious. Sure to satisfy your sweet tooth. We also shared Rick's Adobo Rice & Egg. It was also delicious. Came with macaroni salad. All generous portions. We will return.
3	mehhhhhh. This place is just... ok to me. I agree with Arnold D...I don't understand the hype. I've been here a couple times . I've tried biscuits and gravy, Kahlua pig Benedict, a turkey sandwich, corned beef and hash, fried rice & of course the infamous red velvet pancakes. It's not that it didn't taste good it was just that nothing stood out. Nothing was amazing or 5 star worthy, just your standard diner tasting food. I love the concept of the place and the little fusion thing going on. But to be honest I prefer breakfast at The Egg and I or Blueberry Hill..
4	Why is it that all the great spots to eat have limited seating ?Quality over quantity.Baby Cakes is delicious, my kids loved it and the service was great.Portions are just enough and the price is right . Cant wait to visit again.
1	I've been here twice and I will NEVER go back! The first time was ok. The place is super tiny, dirty, and decor is torn. We had to wait a long time till our food came out and when it did I wasn't too impressed compared to all the good things I had heard. I thought I'd give it another chance with the boyfriend this time because he loves breakfast food. As soon as we walked in I regretted it. It was dirty and kind of embarrassing because I had chosen where we were to eat. We got seated by the door and were FORGOTTEN about. No one came by, looked at us, acknowledged us, or gotten us water. They must have clearly seen us sitting there. We were so irritated, but didn't want to drive elsewhere. I walked up to the front counter and explained that we have been waiting 15 minutes and no one has helped us. No one felt bad at all. We finally got a waitress who rushed us and made us feel like a burden. Needless to say it ruined my meal, and frankly my morning. I've never had worse service. Fast food has been better! I don't mean to be harsh, but that is NOT customer service.
5	First of all, I can't believe that this is my first review of BabyStacks (formerly BabyCakes).  I've been to Baby Stacks a ton of times and it's this specific location that happens to be my favorite. Then I realize, my visits were all before I started Yelping.  BabyStacks use to be a staple for breakfast before I moved out here.  The restaurant is small and can get crowded, but once you're seated be prepared for a breakfast treat worth bragging about.  I'm not embarassaed to admit, there was a time I was here weekly.  From service to their food, you cannot go wrong with this place.  -Red Velvet Pancakes:  This is what they are known for and if you haven't tried it, it's a must.  Review the photos and tell me you can't resist.  -White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Pancakes:  This is actually my favorite stack here. Imagine eating your favorite Macadamia nut cookie transformed to a fluffy pancake. -Garlic Rice:  My favorite dangerous dish all time.  The rice looks plain, but it's so good and melts in your mouth.  Who describes rice to melt in your mouth? I do, that's who.  This another suggestion.-Adobo Fried Rice:  One of my newer favorites here.  Not as big as say Aloha's Kitchen, but I think it's better in taste.  A healthy serving of rice and chicken Adobo wrapped in an egg omelet.  -Loco Moco:  Hit and miss with their Loco Moco's.  Sometimes it's really good and sometimes it's just okay.  I think it's maybe due to the fact I think Hawaiian BBQ makes the best Loco Moco.  -The Others:  Then you got the traditional stuff that will not disappoint like eggs, sausage, their Portuguese sausage.  Their Portuguese sausage is also very good.If you're visiting Vegas, BabyStacks is sure to be one of your highlights.  After you've tried BabyStacks, you will not be impressed with the others out there.  Trust me on this one.
2	I think they must write their own reviews. Just a very average place. I just had lunch, wafer thin chicken breast, so over cooked I could barely cut it , with frozen seasoned fake fries. I have had breakfast here once and that was so so too. Over rated!
3	My meal was OK, but nothing stood out.  I ordered the Cowboy Omelet, which had ham, onions, peppers, mushrooms and cheese.  This was served with hashbrowns and two pancakes.  It was plenty of food, but I think of an omelet as eggs on the outside, filling in the middle.  What they gave me was more like a scramble with the eggs and ham and such all mixed together before cooking.Both the green peppers and the hashbrowns would have benefited from further cooking.  But overall the food tasted OK.  My service was good and food was prompt, but the coffee was mediocre.
5	this is an update.. I had to tell my grandparents to try this place and they finally did. They loved in , and with my papa (grandfather) who is from Hawaii. RAVED about it. he wants to go back already. My mama (grandma) enjoyed the red velvet pancakes so much and had a huge smile on her face. [ and she is so very picky]we will return, and now will probably try the location on the sw side of town. the Service here is great! The staff is amazingly friendly. They are quick and the place is always busy now that must say something. we have never been here and not seen the place FULL
5	Excellent service, delicious and abundant breakfast, and very casual atmosphere.  Reasonable prices.
5	I have been going to Babystacks Cafe (formerly known as Babycakes) for years.  I think they had to change their name because of the Baby cakes bakery, but who cares?  The food is still as good as ever.  As you can read from previous reviews, the red velvet pancakes are far and away the most popular item.  Don't get me wrong, they're absolutely delicious, but I can only handle a few bites.  I always order them as a side and share them with my hubby.  I mean, come on you can't come here and not get the red velvet pancakes.  I have tried various menu items here with Babstacks providing all of your breakfast staples.  The eggs benedict is always pretty good, and I have been tempted to try the Kalua Prok benedict but haven't had a chance yet.  Rick's adobo fried rice is always a good choice with fried rice surrounded by a warm blanket of egg omelet.  Pour a little sriratcha on it and you are set.  The service is always pretty good here.  It can get very busy on Sundays when we usually go so be ready to wait (usual time for us is about 20-30 minutes).  But don't hesitate, it is worth the wait.   Enjoy!
5	Arrived 10:40am. Seated right away, drink order taken. OJ for me coffee for gf. Few minutes to look over menu, I decided on  Portuguese sausage and eggs w/red velvet pancakes. My gf had the Piglet omelette. Less than a 10 minute wait for our food, talk about quick service. Everything was good as always.
2	My husband, daughter, and I came here for breakfast on a Sunday morning and we sat right down at a table.  I agree with everyone else that the pancakes are very good, but my daughter was the only smart one.  She ordered Banana Nut pancakes, yum!! I ordered the sausage and eggs and I wasn't impressed.  I asked for over medium eggs and I got less than over easy eggs.  I'm kind of wondering if they were cooked at all.  They didn't have much flavor either and they just ended up being a soupy mess on my plate.  My husband ordered the Kahuna Pig eggs benedict and was not impressed either.  I'm dissappointed as I had high hopes for this place. If you want just pancakes, this place is probably the best, but everything else we tried was no good! Back to Jamm's we go.
5	Avid yelpers (I don't write a lot of reviews but read Yelp constantly for advice on restaurants and services). We visited Egg & I, as well as Omelette House before visiting Babystacks. Both places were good, but Babystacks was outstanding, with original offerings. The Adobo Fried Rice Omelette was huge, and perfectly seasoned -- really delicious and different. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.The Almond Joy and Butterfinger pancakes were heavenly. Surprisingly, not too sweet. Red Velvet were also predictably good based on reviews. Service was fantastic. Worth the wait, no question. Excellent value. Loved the fact that all breakfast combos allowed an upgrade to any specialty pancake for a modest charge. Loved it so much -- we will be back before we return to Orange County tomorrow!
5	Awesome food. Super coffee. (seattles best) And great service. Love my new friends here! This is my new fave. I had the Banana Creme pancakes. To die for!  There is not one place in town you can go to eat breakfast and get great coffee at the same time. Ask my husband, he gets tired of having to go to the coffee place everytime after we leave a breakfast place. We have been so dissapointed with Omelette house since I got food poisoning. Egg Works isn't worth the prices. And Egg and I is so far away from us. This is the new hangout for sure!
5	Red Velvet Pancakes! That's what got me to want to try Babystacks Cafe, and I was not disappointed! They are absolutely the BEST! Just the right thickness, a little crisp on the edges, soft, tasty and most importantly not too sweet. The Cream Cheese Syrup, fresh Whipped Cream and bits of chocolate crumbles top the order off perfectly. I am salivating just thinking bout them!We've been there a bunch of times and there is usually a wait, anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour no matter what day of the week you go. The second location at Buffalo and Flamingo is larger and sometimes you can walk right in there, we go there on occasion but still prefer the charm of the original locale. The servers are always friendly and even when the place is packed the food comes out quickly and piping hot. I've tried a plethora of the pancakes, but I keep going back to the Red Velvet! My second fav would the the White Chocolate Macadamia Nut, sweet, tasty and done to perfection. The Smores, Rocky Road and Bacon are all good as well. The Carrot Cakes, however, had a good flavor, but were a bit dry .. maybe an off day for whomever made them? Babystacks also offers a full menu of different breakfast and lunch type items for those who are not craving pancakes. The Biscuits and Gravy are delicious and we usually get an order to share. That way we have sweet AND savory for breakkie. The gravy is flavorful and they give plenty of it. Sooooo good! A friend of mine had the Mexican Omelet which he said was perfectly done and just the right amount of spices and heat. This is definitely a place I would recommend .. the prices are very reasonable, the food is delicious, the service is great. The only thing I would say is that it's not really set up for larger parties as it's quite small. If you are wanting to do something for more than 6 people, you may want to take it to the Buffalo / Flamingo location.
5	By far one of my favorite breakfast places. My favorite are the cinnabon pancakes but yes the red velvet ones are just as good as everyone says. Good coffee too. It's a chill environment, the service is always great, and the price is right.  It does get busy quick on the weekends but it's worth the wait!
4	Solid breakfast food.
5	I have dreams about the Kahlua Benedict! It sounded interesting, so the first time I ate here I ordered it. I've been hooked ever since! I tell myself that I'm going to try one of the amazing looking pancakes, but every time I get there I remember the sweet smoky flavor of kahlua pork mingled with the warm egg yolk, rich hollandaise sauce, and crunchy shredded cabbage. I can't order anything else! My daughter has ordered the s'mores pancakes and I did get to taste those, which were heavenly. She has also ordered the spam sliders, but was disappointed to find out the spam was diced and cooked with egg and onion, instead of just spam slices. My parents have both tried different omelettes and have enjoyed them. The service is consistently attentive and the prices are reasonable. This is definitely one of my favorite breakfast spots in Vegas.
5	I've been a few times with the BF since my initial review and it's slowly crept up into a favorite breakfast spot for us. Firstly, I'm a Filipino so any place that has steamed or garlic rice is cool by my standards. This is a cool inbetween middle of Hawaiian breakfast and American style breakfast that is similar to what we would have at home. It's the varied options that bumps this place for us. I cannot eat pancakes alone for breakfast as it just is too much, too sweet, so it never seems worth it for us to get a full order at many places and they don't do short stacks of flavored ones. Here, many of the breakfast come with a option of a "babystack" (2 pancakes) and you can upgrade it to the many gourmet flavors for just $1.50 more. That amount with a savory breakfast seems perfect and costwise is great to get breakfast AND the flavored pancakes for under $10. Most places we would have to basically order pancakes as our third entree plate and that's usually too much to eat without others sharing.I tend to favor their omelettes, as they are pretty fluffy and a good size or I let my Filipino all hang out and get a simple breakfast eggs and sausage type plate with rice.Our go-to pancake flavor is the lemon ricotta. This one is a bit more crepe or german pancake like and is just very light in flavor. Lemon flavored sweets is a new thing for me, and this place definitely has helped convert me We normally get another rich flavor to contrast. However, the chocolately type pancakes here are not overly saccharine and dense. We had a almond joy flavor recently off their specials and it was fluffy, and just deliciously balanced. Nothing richly sweet like the chocolate bars. Chocolate pancakes is one of my least favorite kinds, but theirs is highly enjoyable for me. I've had their famous red velvet before, and honestly, every other flavor I've had surpassed that one so don't be afraid to delve out of the box. Service has been pretty decent of a range of acceptable to great. It's always at least friendly consistently. We go during the afternoon mostly, so it's never been a wait but is busy. I'm not sure if this place is packed with a waiting during usual breakfast hours on weekends, but I imagine so. If you don't like waits, well breakfast at breakfast time is maybe not a good thing to do.I have yet to try some of the specialties like the kahlua benedict, but mostly because I have trouble thinking about coming here and not getting a pancake. They sound great though that it just might be worth it! In fact, I think I may go this weekend again. I've been on a big breakfast kick lately since we've been waking up early.
4	Close to my house, this place is always packed and for good reason, they serve the best breakfast.  delicious pancakes and island inspired delights. the service is friendly and the prices are fair.
5	I have a new favorite breakfast spot! I noticed several benches outside and I can only assume that is because sometimes the line is out the door from people waiting to get into this place. Lucky us though we got in before a rush came through and nabbed a spot without wait. The inside is clean and the employees are very friendly. Seating seems limited for the amount of people wanting inside. I saw the occupancy sign said it could seat just 50! If BabyStacks keeps putting out such a good breakfast they might have to move to a bigger location. The coffee here is awesome! It is full of good flavor. This is one of those cups of coffee I just really enjoyed sipping on and could have stayed all day just for that! I figured my first visit wouldn't be complete if I didn't order pancakes. With all of the options BabyStacks offers for pancakes how does anybody ever decide?! I chose the "Banana Cream Pie" pancakes. OMG! These pancakes are the b-e-s-t I have ever had!! The pancakes are so darn thick and fluffy and have such good flavor. There was banana in the pancake batter as well sliced fresh all over the pancakes. It also had banana cream sauce, almonds and pie crust on it.  I only ordered a *short* stack and couldn't finish my meal. The short stack cost just $5.75. What a great price! Others in my party grubbed on "Carot Cakes" and "PB & Bananas W/Chocolate Chips" and of course I had to try a bite of both of those. I would order everything at our table over and over again it was just all so good. I will be back for sure!Our server was excellent. I asked him what his favorite thing on the menu was and he suggested "Portuguese Sausage And Eggs". He said they have a "Garlic Rice" that pairs very well with this dish. He had me at garlic rice! I need to try this rice for sure at some point. They have a great kids menu at affordable prices.
5	There is a reason why there is always at least a 30 min wait every time I come here...  The Red Velvet pancakes live up to the hype with a cream cheese icing on top.  A half-stack will satisfy you while at the restaurant, but get a full stack so you have something to munch on when you get home!
4	As an aficionado of sleeping in, I'm particularly sad that BabyStacks is only open until the early afternoon. Their hours are just right for those early risers and those who like to munch for brunch.Came here once for a quick lunch before work and loved the idea of omurice done Filipino-style. Immediately ordered the adobo fried rice and my food was out in no time. Someone was heavy handed on the soy sauce or I'm really sensitive to sodium, because fried rice was overwhelmingly salty. The egg and the macaroni salad helped tame it, but I was still gulping down lots of water.That didn't deter me from coming back to try their kalua pig benedict and splitting a stack of their signature red velvet pancakes with some friends. They have the basic eggs benedict on lock. English muffins were toasted well, eggs were poached perfectly, and the hollandaise sauce was creamy but not heavy. Love their Hawaiian twist on it with the moist kalua pork! I really liked their fluffy, tasty pancakes, but I'm more drawn in by their savory offerings.For a weekday afternoon, they seemed pretty busy, but it didn't affect their quality of service at all. The wait staff was always very attentive and friendly!Normally, I just sleep off my hunger and miss breakfast, but I'd wake up early for this. Willingly.
3	I really thought we were going to love this place, but it was just okay.  The red velvet pancakes were really dense, no cocoa flavor or any flavor!  The smores was a little better, but nothing that blew us away.  I expected great service, but our server was not very friendly or attentive, had to track him down for coffee refills.  Once was enough for us, not going back.
5	Red velvet pancakes && ranchero omelette...YES!!!We came here with a group of 6 adults && 3 kids, all under 5, so our party was kind of demanding, but the service was good. They didn't have everything available on the menu && there were some mix ups, but nothing too bad && I don't remember having an excessive wait. The food was excellent, I can't wait to go back!
5	Omg. I was so excited to come here for the first time and have Red Velvet pancakes. There was a wait, but it was definitely worth it. The pancakes were absolutely delicious. My Red Velvet pancakes were incredible with the small cup of icing and whipped cream. I savoured every bite and it was like a party in my mouth!! I would love to come here again!
1	Good luck trying to get a table.  Showed up at this location and the wait was over an hour just to get a table,  drove to the second location and it was just as bad.  We ended up eating breakfast somewhere else.  I figured that if getting a table is that backed up, the kitchen probably is too.Clearly, they need a bigger restaurant since we weren't the only ones leaving due to their lack of ability to accommodate weekend traffic.
5	A-mazing pancakes. I'm pretty sure we were eating red velvet cake for breakfast. They have over 15 unique flavors of pancakes and I look forward to going back and working my way down the line up. My husband got the mexican omelet and it was also delicious. There is a reason there's a wait to eat here. Our server, Jacob, was super. Service with a smile and some friendly banter. Our coffee cups were never empty.
3	Okay.  Not so great as everyone states.   I though the Huevos rancheros were so so.  The chicken was cubed and took away.   The tortillas were not fried before hand.   I think egg and I is better.   HOWEVER, if you like Hawaiian breakfast, then I would recommend you go.
5	Ive started to trust yelp and its reviews recently and have been looking for better places to eat. Either way, we went here for brunch around noon. The staff is so super friendly and menu is pretty big for being as small as it is. Every single type of pancakes they have look delicious. I would try every type if I had a chance. We oredered the lemon ricotta pancakes with the fried rice adobo omelet. Superb. A little salty but adobo is usually salty. The lemon ricotta pancakes are by far my favorite pancakes anywhere. We tried the red velvet pancakes to go and they were very delicious. They were more of a desert pancake not so much breakfast. They also have local hawaiian favorites and being from hawaii its tough to find what im used to back home which is great to find.  A++ breakfast place compared to the normal eggs and I and ihop restaurants.
4	I'm a bit of a regular here and come at least once a month. The food keeps me coming back and the waiters are friendly in the midst of the rush. My favorite items on the menu are the hazelnut, white chocolate, red velvet, and Cinnabon pancakes. I also have to get Portuguese sausage as a side every time. The only downfall of this place is the wait time. If you're in the mood for a quick breakfast, this is not the place. It's best to arrive early because the wait time is usually 30-45 minutes. They are expanding to a Centennial location, so that's good news! All in all, great breakfast spot.
4	My visit to BabyStacks was the first time I tried red velvet pancakes and cream cheese icing.  I have tried red velvet pancakes a many times at other places since visiting BabyStacks and I can unequivocally say that no one does it better than BabyStacks.  I've also yet to see anyone else do the cream cheese icing that pairs so wonderfully with the red velvet pancakes.  The restaurant fills up quickly so you'll probably end up having to wait a for a table.  Luckily, getting a table for two only took about 10 minutes on a busy weekend.  I can't wait to come back and get my red velvet pancake fix.
2	Can't review this place as I walked in and was told a 45 minute wait. I am sure the food must be good but I honestly won't wait 45 minutes for anything to eat. No matter how good something is there always is another option...this time it was Feast Buffet at Santa Fe.
4	Im giong to have to follow up with this review and say the pancakes are still the most delicious i have ever had. Great spot for hawaiian breakfast. I dont find the food to be that great but the pancakes and the fact that they serve rice.
5	Red Velvet Pancakes. Oh My Delicious. super good. Great food as well.
5	Wow! Red velvet pancakes were awesome! The service was great, the portions were large and the food was awesome! We have lived in Las Vegas for a few years and have been looking for great breakfast places and this one hot the mark. So excited to eat there again!
2	Not sure why everyone thinks this is the greatest.  I liked the location and the interior.  Everyone was nice and we enjoyed ourseves.  But, my pancakes were not done inside and still doughy.  Also, I expressly said please cook the egg so the whites are not runny but the whites were still runny.  This is basic stuff  Coffee was served often but was weak.  My buddy's pancakes were fine.  I would try it again for lunch as they all seem nice and seem like they are trying hard but my meal needed some quality control.  I hope it gets better and Vegas needs more good local places and less chains.
4	My buddy brought me here as a surprise he didn't know I tried to come here before and I didn't stay because of the wait. Man what a great surprise the food is good the coffee is good the price point ok. Really small place but nicely decorated. The wait staff is friendly and decent service. I had the red velvet pancakes and I have to say their signature dish is awesome! The cream cheese syrup with whipped cream and chocolate sprinkles...I need to run a couple extra miles to balance this out.Place has decent food and great red velvet pancakes. This is truly a treat place.
2	I was surprised how small this place, but good thing it was not busy.Anyways, got seated and ordered our food.I ordered the steak & eggs with an upgrade of red velvet pancakes ($1.50 more for the upgrade).  I was highly disappointed on how everything tasted.  It was all DRY.  I know i'm not at some high-end steak house but the steak was extremely chewy and hard to cut.  There was absolutely no flavor and had to doused it in A1-sauce. The red-velvet pancake tasted good, but dry.   I love the chocolate taste that goes with it, but that was the only thing that tasted appealing (Since I am a lover for sweets.) The server was sub-par, she took a while to get our orders and we had to constantly call her to re-fill our drinks.  Maybe i'll come back, but who knows.
4	Small place, but I'd say worth the wait if you feel like eating a big serving.The food was decent to my taste buds. I cook often and most of the stuff is what I like to make but in my own way. The adobo fried rice tasted like, adobo fried rice. lol I wouldn't order it again but it was definitely good! I got a steak or chicken of some sort and i remember it being pretty tasty, not enough to remember so that can tell you something.Wait was about 30 minutes. I'd go again if there was no wait. It was the only place to grab some grub around the area so we waited!
5	Yes, the red velvet pancake is a must get!  There's a bit of a line if you go at like 10 or 11 but by Noon we only waited 5 minutes.  I ordered Kalua Pig eggs benny. Solid, but the sauce was a little too thick but it didn't prevent me from eating every bite.  The slow cooked pork was amazing!! BF ordered a skillet thing that came with buttermilk pancake and the nice staff let us replace them with red velvet ones.  OMG! I don't like red velvet but the pancakes made me reconsider with the cheesecake frosting on the side!Sadly they do not make ice coffee.  Vegas is hot, not sure why other places don't make ice coffee either?  They did offer to give me ice and put in my hot coffee but it's not the same =(
4	it's like desert for breakfast. which is both awesome and slightly guilt provoking. amazing food. the pb nutella crapes are my favorite! this place is small and gets pretty busy, so unfortuantely we've had to go else where on days the wait was a bit too long. but we always go back :) great staff and fast service.
4	Did someone say BABYSTACKS?!They have a wide variety of food on the menu, but I usually only get a short stack of pancakes with a side of something else. Portuguese sausages are my favorite. I would suggest you try other pancakes BEFORE the red velvet pancakes because once you try those, it's all game over. You wont want anything but. It's also very affordable. I have yet to try the Nutella crepes, although they look decadent. The place is a bit cramped and would like to see it bigger. The wait time can also tend to be quite long if you get there around 10-11.I'm excited for the Centennial location to open; I'll be plastered at the door like a puppy to be the first customer..
5	Awesome Red Velvet pancakes! I ordered homemade corned need hash with eggs n seasoned potatoes n added 'upgrade' of red velvet pancakes! Very good! Tiny place but loved the Aloha vibes n grinds! My husbands from Honolulu n is going to freak when he here's about this place!
5	I can never be happy at iHOP again, now I know what a great pancake-place should be like.So many choices! and everything was yummy. We had red velvet pancakes, omelette and coffee with hash browns and toast on side. The quantity and happy service are both great. Too bad it's so far away :(
1	Yelp, you led me astray. I believed the four and five star reviews. I believed in you all. Instead, I was led to a land of hockey puck pancakes, and bacon bits scattered only in the center of those hockey puck bacon pancakes. Literally... bacon bits. In the pancakes. The bacon pancakes. I ordered bacon pancakes, not bacon bit pancakes. Guys. It was half assed and terrible. Who, after naming their cafe AFTER THEIR PANCAKES, has the gall to screw up those pancakes? That's awfully brave and jerky of you, BabyStacks. I'm kind of peeved about the whole thing.My boyfriend's omelet was sad. It looked like a pancake with dried cheese on top. 10.00 for that? I mourned.Hazelnut pancakes were dry but the whipped cream wasn't bad. Didn't catch my server's name. Didn't catch much of him actually.The hostess asked how everything was. I said "Eh. Barely okay." She cheerily continued ringing me up and said, "great!"That's about it.
4	Thought I'd take a slow down in my hussle bussle of a life and have me a nice sit down early breakfast. A few co-workers of mine told me of this place called BabyStacks Cafe. Not to bad of a little cafe, but that was the only bad part... It was a VERY little cafe. Maybe about 7 or 8 seats. Don't get me wrong, the food was stupendous.The skillets are amazing and the red velvet pancakes are heaven on earth, just wish the cafe was a little bit bigger. I felt as if I was literally rubbing elbows with my stranger of a neighbor. I like roominess when I eat.
2	On weekend peak breakfasting hours this wait time here is normally between 45 mins - 1.5 hours.  The dining area is very small.  When we were finally called for our seating on a Sunday morning at 10am, we promptly placed our orders.  Everyone ordered various stacks of baby that arrived about 45 minutes later...except my order.  The server immediately realized that he had made a mistake in the order entry and quickly expedited my overlooked order.  My dish was delivered about 10-15 minutes later, just before everyone in our party of 5 finished eating.I opted for the bacon pancakes.  I don't know if I'm just crazy because everyone else loves their pancakes, but they were dense & heavy, like pizza dough.  I prefer my pancakes on the light & fluffy side.
4	Would of given it  5 stars but the acustics are hard on the head very loud. But the pancakes top notch great service and nice decor
4	This place was amazing!  The pancakes ordered for my family(red velvet, white chocolate/macademia and bacon)  were delicious.  Every bite gave me a smile!     The two things that I remember from that meal that could improve the customer's experience is: the long wait(we came in for a Thursday brunch and waited for longer than 30 minutes) and the portions(considering the prices charged).     If you're in the mood for pancakes, this is spot!
5	This place has the best tasting pancakes I have ever had. You cant go wrong with their red velvet pancakes!
2	Came here for the red velvet pancakes. My niece found a long strand of hair in her omelet, nasty. Came once before it was ok, this time it was sub-par. Never again.
5	Awesome food!
3	This place has long been on my list, but that being said, I had to muster up the patience to wait in the line everyone talks about.  I'll say we got lucky and only waited 25 mins on a Sunday at around Noon for a table of 4 (and the place probably only seats 30!).  I ordered the adobo fried rice which sounded good on the menu, but was just 'A-OK', in fact I didn't finish it all.  Disappointed.  It was missing something - more meat, more veggies, more taste overall.  I was tempted, but resisted dousing it with tabasco and shoyu although looking back now, maybe I should've.  Not impressed at all. My daughter had the spam scramble and that is right up her alley - she was smiling ear to ear -- scrambled eggs with spam and rice with furikake!  She also ordered a side of seasoned potatoes which were yummy, not memorable yummy, but reorder worthy.  Friends that were with us ordered the red velvet pancakes which were pretty thick n heavy - if you like them that way, then you'll love these!  The taste was good and the cream cheese syrup was the best part!!  My girlfriend ordered the nutella crepes which we ooo'd and aaah'd about.  She said they were amazing!!All in all, ok . . . I like the menu, so many choices and everything is just a little bit beyond the norm . . . lots of local favorites and service with a smile which is something I'll come back for.  I was disappointed with the adobo fried rice after all the rave reviews.  Next time, I'm trying the kalua pork eggs benedict - or portuguese sausage breakfast burrito!!
5	When you're out of town and you're in Vegas, you just want to be in the middle of the action and be on the strip. Going anywhere outside the strip just seems sketchy, right?We wanted to meet up a couple of friends, who are both locals, for brunch. We suggested going to the buffet at The Cosmopolitan and they both gave us these hesitant, unsure faces. They suggested going to this local mom and pops place instead, which is off the strip. Then it was my turn to give the hesitant, unsure look. But when they mentioned "Adobo fried rice" and "red velvet pancakes", I was convinced.Baby Stacks is a small restaurant located in a shopping strip. I was told it was originally named "Baby Cakes", but people kept thinking it was a bakery so they had to change the name.  The place definitely looks like an unpretentiously casual, local diner. Nothing fancy, no frills. Scanning the menu, the theme of the restaurant seemed to be Hawaiian with items like "Loco moco" and "Kalua pork egg benedict".Our server, Lori (or Laurie, Lawry, Lorie, Loree...), who was a very agreeable lady came to take our orders. I decided on getting the "Loco Moco with garlic fried rice", my bf got the "Adobo fried rice" and we both got half a stack of the Red Velvet cupcakes.I loved EVERYTHING! I was surprised with how I shamelessly devoured everything, considering that I have a very little stomach for food. Maybe, it's my genetic predisposition to love white rice.The Loco Moco has 2 solid beef patties atop rice. (It originally comes with steamed rice but I strongly suggest you get the garlic fried rice instead.) 2 eggs go on top of everything while smothered by some tasty gravy! Ultimate comfort food!!!The adobo fried rice is genius idea! You get fried rice mixed with chicken adobo pieces (you can also do garlic fried rice) wrapped in beaten egg. Exactly, it is an adobo fried rice omelet.The Red Velvet pancakes were the perfect way to finish our meal! You think you wouldn't have room for it? Think again! The half stack comes with 3 pancakes while the full stack comes with 6. The pancakes are sprinkled with mini chocolate chips with a side of sweet cream cheese sauce. I am soooo glad I was convinced to get off the strip. You can almost never go wrong with mom and pops restaurants. *BURRRP!*
3	Food was just ok. We ordered the adobo fried office omelet and the red velvet pancakes that a lot of people rave about. The adobo fried rice was just ok. In my opinion, it was a bit dry for my taste. As for the red velvet pancakes, it tasted more like you are just eating cake with cream cheese frosting. It was way took thick and heavy. I like my pancakes to be fluffy and the red velvet definitely does not meet this criteria. I live in the Henderson side, so I won't waste my time driving to Buffalo road just for so-so food.
5	Seriously, i dont know if this is a family business but it sure feels like your at home. The food and service is AMAZING!!!
4	The place is a mix of Hawaiin, American and Filipino cuisine a good fusion type of food. The price  and the amount served was a good proportion. Adobo fried rice was something new. We tried it and it was good didnt expect that from an American Breakfast place definitely a new twist in breakfast. :)
1	ONE OF THE MOST OVER RATED RESTAURANTS EVER!Gosh, Im not one to wait an hour, Party of 7, food was a not that great, should have when to I hop, gravy was poor with no taste. the rice omelet that I got excited about horrible and only one of our party had any thing good to say. Hostess was rude , but waiter was trying but after we had our order messed up....Yelp was wrong, after reading similarity stories about flavor profile and wait, its just not going to happen again, good waiting for a meal thats not that good!
5	I tried the bay chick skillet.  Absolutely delicious!!! My friends had the s'mores pancakes and banana cream pi pancakes.  Everything was delicious and price was great.  Nothing expensive.  So when you lose money in the casinos, you can still eat.
5	Too many great options!
4	Food a 5, small restaurant and seating not very comfortable and therefore long wait reduced the overall rating for me.I had the Rick's Abodo Rice (with egg whites) - WOW! Delicious.  All of the fun pancakes looked really good too.  Bananas Foster, Red Velvet, etc.  My hubby had the Bacon pancakes.  Will have to go back next time I'm in Vegas to try more items.
4	Ok so I'm a sucker for great food.  I came to this place because I have a friend who lives in Vegas and she said it was to die for.  This place is a good 10-15 minute drive away from the strip. We arrived around noon time on a Tuesday but were still in the mood for breakfast since we didn't eat anything beforehand.   The place was filled with people but thank goodness there were still a handful of tables available so we didn't have to wait.I did decide to yelp the place to check out the popular food items. The same two menu items kept coming up:  RED VELVET PANCAKES and the ADOBO FRIED RICE OMELETTE. So what do we do?  of course we order:*RED VELEVET PANCAKES *ADOBO FRIED RICEWe decided to try both entrees and it was a big hit.  I've was a little apprehensive about ordering the red velvet pancakes because I have ordered them before at other places and they just don't really ever live up to the expectation of my favorite Red Velvet cupcake at Sprinkles but to be honest, it was pretty darn DELICIOUS.I loved how the pancake had a crisp taste on the outside but was also fluffy in the inside.I only had a few bites of the ADOBO FIRED RICE OMELETTE but from the couple of bites, it tasted YUMMY.Service  was great too so  I will definitely be back.
5	Well the red velvet pancakes are all that everyone says they are! LOVE THEM!!! Since this spot is around the corner from my house, my husband wants to eat there couple mornings a week!!!
5	Red Velvet Pancakes- DIVINE!Friendly staff, a little "cozy", and huge portions.Tried the biscuits and gravy (not something I'm able to get much of in HI) and we also tried the omelet and red velvet pancakes. The winner was definitely the pancakes!Try the red velvet pancakes if nothing else. And I'm a red velvet skeptic...
4	Spam Scramble and the Boy had Bacon and Eggs..I had to go with the Loco Moco with Garlic Rice..Great taste and the boy says he wants to come back again..It's that good..Wife wasn't too thrilled with the sliced onions in the Garlic Rice..she says it would be better is the onions were finely chopped up and mixed in..the flavor was on point for me...But then again I eat onions raw..
5	I love Babystacks! Their food tastes great! I definitely recommend the Red Velvet pancakes. They're way better than the ones I had at IHOP. Also the Kalua Pig Benedict & the Adobo Fried Rice omelet are really good! They're usually pretty busy by the time I'm awake & thinking about eating here so a lot of the time I order Togo & it's just as good! The people that work here a super friendly & always have a smile on their face no matter how busy. Definitely will keep coming back to eat at Babystacks!
5	I waited for about 10 minutes out in the parking lot for this place to open. Given the praise this place has received and how busy it gets, I didn't mind having to wait just to be the first customer. Once I was let inside I didn't have to look at the menu because I already knew what I was ordering; red velvet pancakes. This was my first visit and I was blown away by how incredibly good the pancakes are! they are by far the best pancakes I have ever eaten. The cream cheese syrup and the whipped cream topping with little chocolate chips is simply an amazing combination! I will definitely return here, it's too good to miss out on.
5	This is my FAVE pancake place.  Well not just me but my whole family.  We have to come here for breakfast everytime we visit LV.  I love that they have tons of pancakes to choose from.  My choice is always the red velvet, it's like having dessert for breakfast, need I say more?  I don't have to use the cream cheese syrup as it is good by itself.  My mom and I always share a spam scramble plate (scrambled eggs, spam, rice, and furikake) which appeals to my Filipino side and the red velvet pancake.  My husband always try different types of banana pancakes, he got the banana cream pie this past 4th of July.  Our children loves the s'mores one.  Our youngest who has a hard time finishing his food actually ate spam scramble and his own stack of pancake and finished it all!  They also had adobo chicken fried rice which is very good but can be too much if you have to finish it yourself, so share!  We can't wait to visit our parents again and have delicious breakfast at Baby Stacks!Btw, the wait is super long...but definitely worth it.  Service is good and fast.
2	Waited an hour and was disappointed by the food.. I had banana pancakes and a breakfast skillet.  The pancakes were chewy.  The skillet had no flavor.
5	Red Velvet Pancakes with Cream Cheese Frosting.If any other review on this profile are calling these "the shizz", there's a reason.  I'm joining that chorus of voices because this is more like a dessert....  A dessert filled with AWESOME!I had Eggs Benedict to go with them, and it was also pretty delicious.  Basically, everything I tried here was pretty darn good,A few things to note: The place is inanely busy, the wait takes a fairly long time, and they close in the early afternoon.I can understand the wait regarding the quality of food.  It's worth the wait, but come early.  The wait was about 30 minutes or so, but they keep a pretty tight schedule in making sure you get seated before of within that time.  The staff remains friendly, and attentive from seating to getting refills.  A little crowded with a short dining window, but man, was it ever worth it.But really, if there's any reason to go, it's those red velvet pancakes with the cream cheese frosting.  Any other point I could possibly make is pretty much moot after eating those.(That was the highlight of my breakfast, if your couldn't tell.)
5	Definitely coming back to this little place when I go back to Vegas!! :D This place is soooo delicious, especially the Red Velvet Pancakes!!! Came in Thursday 11AM and there was still waiting line.. Imagine weekends!! But the wait is sooo worth it!
4	Yes, the red velvet pancakes are awesome--make sure you ask for extra cream cheese "syrup". But....there is no way I could eat a stack of them for breakfast! So we went at lunch time and ordered a stack for dessert! I will admit that they were just the tiniest bit dry but once you pour on that delicious cream cheese syrup, it didn't matter. We thought they might have been just a tiny bit better if they had mini chocolate chips in them (ala red velvet bundts at Nothing Bundt Cakes). We shared the Kalua pulled pork grilled cheese which was solid. Really good pulled pork with muenster and cheddar grilled on sourdough.  The fries were crispy but my son said they reminded him of the Ore Ida frozen fries that are marketed as "extra crispy fast food fries". He's right, that's totally what the fries are like. But not terrible.Youngest kid had a kids meal of scrambled egg, bacon, and hash browns with a s'more pancake on the side. Pretty standard fare except for the amazing pancake. It's a pancake with marshmallows, melts chocolate chips, graham cracker crumbs and marshmallow fluff.  So yum.We went on a weekday close to 11am and had to wait close to 30 minutes. I'm sure weekends are crazy. Our server was great (and cute!) and very apologetic when our red velvet pancakes were delayed due to another server swiping them. We'll be back every time we are in Vegas.
3	Apparently I missed the  Emperor's New Clothes breakfast.  Dreadful coffeeMediocre Ranchero OmeletteLackluster seasoned potatoesGummy and banal bacon pancakesUneventful RVP with synthetic tasting cream cheese syrupBut there was some great service in a local atmosphere!
4	The red velvet pancakes are amaaaaaazing! Adobo fried rice is also a must-have.
3	Red Velvet Pancakes. Once you've had it here, nowhere else can compare.Not a fan of the wait though, this location seems to have a longer wait than the SW location. Last time I ordered the adobo fried rice... the pork seemed a bit burnt and ruined the flavor of the whole thing. Very disappointing because I know they can do better. I think I prefer the S. Buffalo location more.But definitely go for the pancakes. You MUST try it :)
4	A great little breakfast place.  Had the red velvet pancakes and the adobo fried rice omelet.  Both good.  The pancakes were over the top.  Coffee was good, too.  Only kick on the place was that I couldn't connect to their wireless with the iPad or iPhone.  Luckily I was able to connect to the casino next door long enough to download a book from Amazon.The people were very friendly, too.
4	Don't let the small place or cute name fool you.  Great breakfast spot and a little Hawaiian Filipino flavor as well.  The variety of pancakes is enough to warrant multiple visits.The Adobo Fried Rice omelet its really good as well as the Kalua Pig Benedict.Get here early or later unless you want to wait a little bit.
5	OMG. MY FAVORITE PLACE EVER. Hands down. Favorite resturant in all of Las Vegas. Seriously amazing!!!! I get the piglet skillet & either Red Velvet Pancakes or the Orange Dreamcicle pancakes. Seriously you have to try the Orange Dreamcicle ones.. Seriously the best thing ever. You will NOT regret it!!! Sometimes there is quite a long wait but the food is so worth it...
5	Great food and service. Red velvet pancakes are a must taste.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Butterfly decorations on the wall. Some tables were too close to each other.LIKE  The same great menu as the other location. Friendly server.LOVE  The delicious pancakes (especially the limited caramel apple one). The Hawaiian breakfast items.
5	Delicious food and great service! I get the Ricks Adobo almost every time, which is marinated chicken and rice in an omelet. The pancakes are good too, as I have dabbled in some. There Lemon Ricotta Pancakes are amazing. Good prices, good portions, and friendly staff. The only downside can be actually getting into Baby stacks.  The location is small, and due to the awesomeness of the food, its very busy. If your in a hurry though, you can call ahead and have the food ready for take out! 5 Stars!
5	The red velvet pancakes are to die for!!! You have to try them!
3	I read the reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a try, since my wife and missed eating food items we got regularly in Hawaii.The place was small and it was packed.  We waited about 1/2 before being seated and another 15 minutes before we got our food.  I was surprised that with the many Hawaii related food items that the decor had no tie-in to Hawaii.Our waitress was friendly and was quick to take our order.  She was so quick that we got our food before the couple that came in before us got there's.  (They had a different waiter)  I was disappointed that she offered us another beverage after our meal was done and we were about to leave.My wife had the portuguese sausage and eggs with hash brown, and I got the Zippy's chili omelet with hash brown.  I got my food exactly what I ordered, but wished I got more chili.  My wife got the garlic rice instead of hash brown (which she didn't like and we felt it wasn't worth upgrading).  The mistake wasn't the waitress's fault, but with the kitchen because we didn't get charged extra for.Overall, the food and service was okay, but factoring in the wait time, the mistake with my wife's food and the constant staring from the couple.  I would rather go to the breakfast place up the street on Flamingo.
3	Please don't hate me, but I think BabyStacks is a bit over-rated.  It is a good diner but I don't think it blew my socks off at all.I have heard a lot about BabyStacks and I am always reminded when I drive past it at least once a week.  I am a devoted patron to a different local breakfast dinner and usually go there for breakfast.  We wanted to try something different, so we headed over to try BabyStacks.Our first mistake was getting there at 10:30am on a Sunday.  Oops and here comes a 45 minute wait.  That was self-inflicted pain, but we dealt with it.  Since we had a long wait, we had already checked out the menu and figured out what we wanted.  The menu has a lot of variety and definitely something for everybody.  This is always nice because I know we can never agree on food at my house.  They have your normal breakfast items like egg dishes, biscuits and gravy, and of course a multitude of pancake choices.  They also have a decent lunch menu with salads, sandwiches, and burgers.  On top of all of that, they have Hawaiian food on the menu.  Like I said, something for everyone.I wasn't in the mood for breakfast by the time we were sat, so I went with Loco Moco.  It was good, but not great.  It totally hit the spot for my craving, but it wasn't anything to write home about. It came with a side of mac salad and it was really pretty bland, in my opinion. The first time I had Loco Moco was in Maui, so I am probably ruined since I compare everyone's version to the first one, and few compare.   So it was good, but not great.My hubby got a breakfast burrito with Portuguese sausage.  It was a huge burrito and he was only able to eat about 2/3 of it.  It also came with a side of regular pancakes.  The pancakes were ok, but again, nothing special.  Overall, his breakfast was ok and pretty average.My mini me got the kid's grilled cheese and it was an awesome grilled cheese.  It was super gooey and overflowing with cheesy goodness.  Now I know what you are going to say, "Why didn't you try the fancy, smancy pancakes?" Well, I wasn't in the mood, so there.  Maybe this is why I am only giving it a 3 star rating and didn't get my socks blown off..  We do plan on checking it out again when we are craving pancakes and maybe it will be better next time.  For just regular breakfast food though, I think I will stick with my go-to place around the corner.  Based on this experience though, everything was ok.  The service was ok, the food was ok, and the prices were ok.
5	Looking for a new place for breakfast, we stumbled upon this restaurant. This has become one of our favorite places for breakfast. We make sure to take everyone that comes to visit. I have yet to be disappointed with anything on the menu.
5	Go with a group and sample as many pancake flavors as you can! They were all surprising and delicious.If you're going to spend $ on breakfast, this is the place to do it. I honestly HATE spending money on breakfast. What is a pancake, except for some flour and water? And Let's be real, waffles are WAAAAAY better. Except here! We found BabyStacks when looking online at places to eat off the strip. We live in Ut and make the trek to Las Vegas a few times a year. Buffets and overpriced hotel food gets old. When we heard about the red velvet pancakes, we figured it was worth the drive. BabyStacks, is really small, and if you get there are the wrong, time or with a larger group expect to wait. We were a party of 4 and waited about 25 minutes on a week day. It is a family run establishment and everyone is really friendly and nice. They are quick to refill your drinks and check in a few times to see if you need anything else, and to make sure everything is tasting great. The staff was really accommodating- my mom wanted Adobo but no rice, and not in a full plate. They threw in a side for her, free of charge so she could taste it. Maybe it was because we ordered so many damn pancakes. We decided to just go hog wild. We ordered 6 small stacks so we could all try different pancakes: red velvet, carrot cake, rocky road, orange creamsicle, white chocolate macadamia Nut & banana cream pie. They were surprisingly delicious. We figured we would find one or two that was a miss, but we didn't. The carrot cake was my favorite, and the orange creamsicle tasted just like the popsicle of my childhood. I only wish they had a sampler platter so that you could taste a variety of pancakes. We will defiantly be going back on our next trip to finish tasting the rest of the pancake menu.
5	Would you believe that we only waited 20 minutes because its 8am lol? Last time we called this place the wait was 1.5 hours.Tried their Portuguese sausage with garlic fried rice and it was good. Very tasty. Had to try the red velvet pancake but was not impressed at all. i don't know what all the hype is about. My daughter had Banana foster pancake and that was delicious. Hubby had the adobo rice which i'm glad I didn't order because I didn't like it.Would come back again for the Banana foster pancake and portuguese sausage:)Small place, always packed, lots of parking and reasonably priced.
4	we Love going to this place, food always very good.  In fact we're going again when I get off this morning from work.  Excellent service also.   Close to where we live.  Offers lots of varieties of breakfast.
5	Great service. My waiter was Mike, he was really nice and efficient. I asked for cheese on my scrambled eggs, I didn't get it, but I don't think he heard me. Not his fault. The restaurant is small! There are other locations, I went to the one at Buffalo and Smoke Ranch. Expect to wait on a Sunday (even with football at 1pm) but I promise it's worth it!I couldn't decide on what to get. Red Velvet Pancakes are their best seller, but chocolate isn't really my thing.  Everyone around me ordered them...they must be good. I was torn between lemon ricotta, hazelnut and banana cream pie pancakes...(they need a sampler plate! For real!) I asked my waiter, Mike, his suggestion and he told me lemon ricotta was the way to go. Delicious!! But the pancakes are way HUGE. I mean huge. Bigger than your head. Think the size of a large dinner plate. The short stack is three pancakes. I went famished but finished about half.  The lemon ricotta pancakes were thin halfway between a pancake and a crepe and had a nice lemony taste. I squeezed on some fresh lemon and butter and dipped them in cream cheese syrup (WHAT???) and had a foodgasm. I am going back to try some more!My bill came to $16.50. Very reasonable.  I had coffee, oj, short stack of pancakes, and a side of scrambled eggs. I'd probably skip the eggs, not great...and since the pancakes are so huge I wouldn't have needed them if I'd known.
5	Those pancakes are THE BOMB! Great coffee too. I will be back next time I'm in Vegas!
3	I'm not a fan of Red Velvet but I gotta say the Red Velvet Pancake a must try I enjoyed them and would order them again. Also had the Rick's adobo fried rice omelette it was okay and Breakfast Burrito was a alright. But the Red Velvet pancakes with the cream cheese syrup whip cream & shaved chocolate makes it all good.
4	I never heard of this place before but I went this morning for breakfast and it look small but there motto get you in and get you out but eh food was very very good I had the eggs Benedict it was the BOMB even the orange juice no pulp btw..... Only one thing the pancakes were the only thing that was disappointing  to me... EVERYTHING HERE IS RECOMMENDED BY ME FOLKS. P.s. No small pancakes lol
1	Sorry Yelpers you had it WRONG!!! This place was awful.   You would think they could at least get the regular pancakes right, they were not soft and fluffy and couldn't even fork into them to cut a piece off, they were subpar at best.  My hubby had the biscuits and gravy which the gravy was flavorless, the scrabbled eggs were runny, and the sausages links, he had me try them, there was definitely something wrong there.  The corned beef hash was little to be desired.  We got there very early and didnt have to wait to be seated but if we had to wait, I would've never heard the end of it from the husband.  Will never go back, I know I didn't try the "specialty pancakes" but so what, it's a breakfast place, get the breakfast part right too. Will return to my regular place from now on as hey have never disappointed me.  Yelpers.....you are so off.  WOW!
5	First time here and Josh was our server. Week worth the few minute wait. The Carrot Cake pancakes were simply amazing!!!  Everything came out hot and Josh was always at the table with a smile and making sure we were all set. For 7 of us it was under $70 so the price was definitely right. This place is worth the trip if you don't live in this part of town. We will be back for sure.
3	This is a good place for breakfast and has a small town vibe to it.The service is good.If waiting is a testament to quality on a weekend, this is a great place since there's a line and it seems like a popular place for breakfast.I'm not a huge fan of anyone's pancakes, so did get some for free with my entree meal of Portuguese Sausage, potatoes and eggs.This restaurant has a Pacific Islander, Hawaiian or Filipino feel to it, as far as influence.  Which makes this place unique and appealing to recommend others to try the Portuguese Sausage over your standard ham, sausage or bacon breakfast meats.
4	this is seriously my favorite breakfast and brunch spot. i honestly wish they were open longer hours, of heck even 24 hours.their baby chick skillet is my favorite. 2eggs, spinach, garlic, and mushrooms on top of potatoes, everything is really flavorful and i never leave with any food left on the plate.their khaluah benedict is delicious. adobo fried rice omelet is delicious.french toast is delicious. and their pancakes are to die for! ever flavor ive had was so good. my favorite of course are the red velets. banana cream pie runs in 2nd place.the only problem i have here is the water taste a little funky and both locations are so small, some weekend you may be looking to wait an hour for a table. well worth it though!
4	Enjoyed breakfast here on way to Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area.  The arrangement of food is nicely place, suggesting care and pride.  The service was pleasant and attentive.  On this trip, the red velvet pancakes and the loco moco were the pleasure of the morning.  The red velvet pancakes, the Hawaiian style menu items and the reasonable prices will draw me again on my next trip to Las Vegas.
5	OMG! In love with the bacon pancakes and I don't even like pancakes. A definite must for foodies! Made my favorite list of things to do while in Las Vegas.
2	I was disappointed that the basics (like on and syrup) were procured from a vendor versus being locally acquired (e.g. fresh squeezed on and actual maple syrup).The menu items suggest a Hawaiian influence, and I would recommend that you stick to those items.The flavor of the burrito was insipid. The poached eggs were soggy (they brought them in a bowl that was filled with either water or uncooked eggs), the fruit bowl had very little to it (5 grapes, where 2 were rotten, 2 overripe strawberries, 1 cube of melon), and everything was soaked in butter.The  best bet is the pancakes (the title character in their menu) and the Portuguese sausage.I also noticed that the decor near us was covered in dust curtains. This makes me question the cleanliness of the kitchen.The server was very nice and accommodating. The food came promptly.Overall, this place is trying to be too many things ( pancake house, Mexican breakfast, Hawaiian food, breakfast basics). They should just stick to pancakes and spend the money they spend on spoiled fruit on real maple syrup and fresh squeezed juices.I give them one star for the staff. The second star is for the wait time for food.
5	I was surprised by the long line to get in for a Monday morning, until I tasted the food. Pumpkin pancakes are on the specials board, and they were delicious and fluffy, not dense like many pumpkin pancakes tend to be. The Kalua Pig Benedict was wonderful, and the Orange dreamsicle was outrageously flavorful. The cream cheese frostings that came with the pancakes were flavored to match the dish, pumpkin spice and orange flavored respectively, which made each dish that much more cohesive and delicious.
5	Good service, right portion size.comfortably full but don't need a wheelbarrow to get out. haha. They don't skimp on the filings in the omelet. Lots of everything. The pancakes are small, only about 4 inches, perfect to enjoy a taste of their red velvet cakes without going overboard. A definite must when in Vegas.
4	Its a small little spot that serves up delicious things!I had the bacon pancakes which was a typical pancake with bacon pieces in it (center only) which I wasn't to happy about.Also tried the cinnabun pancake which was magically delicious!! It was also very sweet, so if that isn't your thing stay far far away/last but not least the eggs benedict which was just average.Lots of creative pancakes, give them a try.
2	I really wanted to like this place - went here based off of the reviews it had during our trip to Vegas. However, it was very mediocre and I found myself saying what they could have done to everything to make it just a bit better. One star for using real blueberries in their pancakes, and one star for the service. Our waitress was so nice with us even when they lost our order, it didn't even seem like a big deal to us when she told us because she was so apologetic. The only good thing I did eat was the pumpkin pancakes. The whipped cream on top was actually one of the best things I ate here. Their "cream cheese" syrup was meh. They should use more cream cheese in that syrup to keep the tang of the cheese. One fork dip for the testing and that was all I needed. They should also think about using real maple syrup...... Just sayin'. The hashbrowns were so generously pulled out of the freezer, browned a bit on each side with some thick grease, and put on a plate. Real tasty and this is me being real sarcastic. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.
3	Was it insanity or a senior moment?  I have made the same mistake in the past when we stayed at the South Point, but I thought the restaurant would be reasonably close to Sam's.  It wasn't so don't do it.  This location and its S. Buffalo counterpart are always busy for breakfast, but we lucked out and did not have to wait for a table though a waiting line formed shortly thereafter.  My wife ordered the banana cream pie pancakes, I ordered crepe-like lemon ricotta. Even after drizzling the pancakes with 2 containers of cream cheese syrup and lemon segments, mine were virtually tasteless.  Hers was delicious, mine was not.  She finished hers, I did not.  She was very happy, I was not.
1	This the rating I give this place. I have been here 4 times 3 times we were not able to go in because the wait was over a hour. This last time I showed up with my father and my 10 month old son. We asked for a table for 3 plus baby. They would not sit us or even acknowledge that we were there. My sister and I live across the street in Desert Shores but my sister could not find her keys. They said we can not sit you until everyone is present. My son was starting to get fussy because we are not sitting him down. They sat 8 other tables by the time we waited. So I asked if we could please be sited the girl at the front said it was a 30 minute wait. I have been wanting to eat there 4 times needles to say they are not friendly. They did not care that 3 out of the 4 were there and by the time we were walking out not even a bye. I say I rather go to the cracked egg because I can at least be treated as with respect and to be acknowledged, and to top it of I can have breakfast with my family. Shame on you Baby Stacks that's 2 less households you will not have as costumers. And believe me I will tell everyone I know if the horrible experience at your establishment.
4	I was an instant fan of this place when they first opened. I love the various pancake selection and that the pancakes themselves are good and comparable to what I would make at home. The coffee has always let me down, but service has never disappointed me since the day they opened. The reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the lack of consistency with the pancake batter. Like I said, I've been eating here since they opened. I notice when they change the batter. Most times I get the perfect melt in your mouth pancakes. There was a period I was less frequent because they pancakes were too stiff. I understand they probably play with the recipe to make sure they produce pancakes that hold up under the various topping choices, but I hate stiff and rubber like pancakes. My last visit the pancakes found their way back to their original glory. Favortie pancakes:carrot cakebanana fosterspeanut butter and bananaLuckily large portions does not equal good food to me. If that's your criteria for a "good' meal then you should go somewhere else. I'm a fan of them not giving me more food than I can or should eat, and I will always comeback for the pancakes.
5	I think for a small joint this place is really lovely! Of course with a popular business, there is going to be a wait but its worth it! The food was homey&enjoyable. My ONLYYYY complaint is that is really should be an all day restaurant, not just open for breakfast hours. I cant tell you how many times Ive wanted some Baby Stacks after work!! Keep it up...and extend your hours!
5	Both times, we had to wait 15 to 20 minutes to be seated, but the wait was well worth it. Their entrees are generous and delicious. I'm not a pancake eater, but their red velvet pancakes are the best pancakes I've ever had. Their wait service is great, attentive, fast, friendly, and courteous. Sorry IHOP, BabyStacks got you beat in all categories.
4	This place was really awesome. They had so many delicious choices on their menu, but my best friend recommended their red velvet pancakes. So glad I ordered the red velvet pancakes! It was to die for! And the sauce that came with it made it even more that delicious! It's been a week since I've been to Babystacks, and I am so craving for them! I'm from California and only came to visit last weekend! Too bad they don't have anything like Babystacks near where I live. Till next time I get to Vegas!
5	Can't stop eating here! Amazing breakfast and fabulous pancakes!
4	Didn't wait long to get seated which is a big plus considering a lot of the reviews about waiting. Loco moco was flavorful. Adobo omelet was so so, I found myself adding hot sauce to add more flavor to it. Breakfast burrito with Portuguese sausage didn't have much sausage in it so all I tasted was the potatoes. Out of the three specialty pancakes ordered--red velvet, white chocolate, hazelnut--the latter, hazelnut was ah-mazing! Would definitely come back for stacks of those deliciousness! Red velvet was moist but was too sweet for my buds, next time I don't think I'll slather the cream cheese. The whit chocolate is nothing to rave about..just plain pancake with white chocolate chips on top. Atmosphere was cozy, friendly staff, and fresh food!
5	We are from Arizona visiting over Thanksgiving and went based on the Yelp reviews. We found the food outstanding, the service outstanding and the price outstanding.  My son had the red velvet pancakes, my wife the Eggs Benedict.    As the Dad I really liked the "Senior Breakfast" for those of us that are 55 and up!
3	Breakfast. The most loved and lucrative meal of the day. I don't think very highly of most breakfast spots like, say, IHOP, Egg and I, or Egg Works. All the same. All a ripoff. Babystacks has a slight twist on what those other places already offer, but I think with a little too much credit for doing so.What's fresh at Babystacks is their huge selection of pancakes and a few twists on classics with a Filipino flavors. There's red velvet, hazelnut, chocolate, etc. This is fun because it surprisingly isn't around as much as you would think. Most places just have blueberry and chocolate chip. They'll do a full on cinnamon bun here. My favorite item, outside of eating straight-up cake in the shape of breakfast, has got to be Rick's adobo fried rice omelet. Very savory, salty, full of meat and eggs. Deliciousness in each bite.Outside of that, though, it's just another breakfast place. You don't get a lot for your money like most breakfast places. Yeah, they turn a profit. But if you're looking for unique pancakes and don't just want to go to an actual bakery to get some cake - the pancakes here will hit the spot.
3	Maybe we ordered wrong but we didn't find the food to be anything special.  We had a Mexican Skillet and Blueberry Pancakes with a side of ham.  The skillet was okay but didn't live up to my boyfriend's other favorites (i.e. The Griddle).  My blueberry pancakes were okay but small for the price and a little overcooked.  The ham was fine but dry.There was one delicious highlight to the meal...the Cinnamon Role or Cinnabun Pancakes with the skillet.  Both of us loved these and will probably order them if we end up back on this side of town for breakfast.Service was great!  Melanie (?) brought water with the coffee and juice even when I forgot to ask and was prompt about taking our order even though they were busy.  The food came out quick and everyone was friendly.
5	Pumpkin pancakes with graham sprinkles and cream cheese frosting & whip cream. Yes and yes. I had their  banana foster pancakes time before which was absolute heaven. The pancakes are just a touch sweet, but not overly so. Everything is very tasty and well prepared. I always come here when I go to Vegas.
4	First off, great food all around. Without a doubt one of the Best breakfast/brunch establishments I've ever been to.If you're in town then this is the spot for your morning #Hangry attack! Keep in mind though, if you show up after 8a.m. expect a wait time of about 15 minutes or more. This place gets packed and unless you love sunburn don't show up after 10a.m. during summer. Just sayin.Try any of their specialty pancakes, they're simply #TDF
5	The food is excellent! Prices are reasonable. They nailed my omelet order and the specialty pancakes (got banana fosters) are best thing EVER! The place is small so service is always great. There always seems to be a line but it moved fast. You've got to try it.
5	We've been here several times. The food (especially the specialty pancakes) and service are both excellent. We have never tried anything from the lunch menu though. The prices are very reasonable. The only downside is the actual restaurant is quite small. Because it's so popular there is usually a wait to be seated (can be up to an hour). We usually avoid the wait by going there late in the morning or in the early afternoon for breakfast. Usually we only have to wait 15 minutes during that time of day. I would highly recommend visiting this place at least once.
5	Kalula pork instead of beef patty on the Loco Moco.... YUM!  And I swear the hubby thought he heard angles sing when he tried the Banana's Foster Pancakes!  To DIE FOR!!
5	I don't know why I waited so long to come here! I came specifically for the adobo fried rice omelet and the red velvet pancakes. Both were equally delicious! I've heard that when you have more than one child you love them both equally and there are no favorites (I would imagine anyway, lol). Well that's how I feel about both of the items I had. I loved them both equally ;)Our server was great, awful chipper for early in the AM. The best part? Not sure who she was but an older women saw my brother and I walking up from the parking lot and opened the door for us welcoming us in and already had menus in hand "follow me" she says. I'm such a sucker for excellent customer service. Aww shucks :)))))
4	I ordered to go and the food was hot and ready when I arrived. I got the adobo fried rice omelet and the oh-so popular red velvet  pancakes. Now I see why it is so popular!  It comes with this this bomb cream cheese syrup and is sprinkled with chocolate shavings and a nice heaping of whipped cream! Jesus lives in those red velvet pancakes!!! They have so many specialty pancakes I'm dying to go back and try some new ones. Next time I will def dine in.
5	So drove by this place serval times and final came in. Small cozy place, with very friendly staff. First thing I notice on the menu Adobo chicken fried rice! So yes definitely ordered that, it came out wrapped in an omelet. It basically reminded me of going to my friends house (Filipino) after they had a party and in the morning making some scrambled eggs and eating some left over fried rice and adobo. Then serve have options for a side and recommended their special banana foster pancakes. Man that was just a taste of heaven! Also what was great about this place is the accommodation, since my gf is vegan they we're able to make a vegan breakfast burrito, did fresh vegetables and breakfast potatoes with avocado on the side. So needless to say great service great food definitely will be coming back soon!
4	Their pancakes are great, especially the red velvet. If you're not a pancake person, their cookie crumble french toast (I think that is what it's called) is just as great as their pancakes, it might be a little too sweet for my taste. The huevos rancheros and seasoned potatoes are good.
5	The best breakfast place in the Vegas area.  The staff is prompt and friendly.  There's always a huge crowd here, and I think their pancakes are the reason to visit.  There's a boatload of parking, too.
5	We've tried to eat at BabyStacks several times, but the line was always too long. Today was my husband's birthday, so we decided we'd go no matter how long the wait. We got there a little after 8, and luckily there was no line at all! (Not the case when we left, though. I guess if you come after 9, you're out of luck.)I had the adobo fried rice omelet with a side of red velvet pancakes. The birthday boy had the country eggs benedict with hash browns. All were excellent -- even better than anticipated! My omelet was chockful of chicken and rice, and the marinade made the chicken taste almost like pork. (It reminded me of my grandma's pork-fried rice, and that's a good thing!) The only bad thing I can say is that I loved the adobo so much that I can't imagine ordering anything else. (Maybe a different side dish, although the red velvet pancakes were delicious.)This place is tiny, which is part of the reason why there's usually a line out front. But the main reason for the wait is that the food is just that good. Maybe next time we'll come with  friends so we can try some of the other dishes on the menu. It's definitely worth the wait!
5	We love the food here :) yum yum yum :) Can't wait to go back. The only bad thing is the place is so small..wish it was bigger so the wait wouldn't be as long. Hopefully with their success will come a larger restaurant
4	It's been a while since my last visit so I was enthusiastic to return to BabyStacks Cafe. I was headed  west to visit a client so this was the ideal to have some bfast. I was greeted and seated immediately but unfortunately I had to flag a waitress down to finally place my order for coffee and a Kula pig Benedict. When my entree arrived I sampled the benedict which was stellar! The kula pig had a smoked flavor and contained green cabbage which harmonized superbly with the medium cooked eggs and hollandaise sauce.I also noticed they offer Loco moco on the menu. My mouth is watering while writing this and looking forward to returning!
3	I liked BabyStacks, but it's not a place I would be dying to go to. I definitely heard too much hype about this place. I came here with four of my cousins and we all ordered from the "breakfast favorites" section of the menu that came with pancakes and we all ordered different kinds of pancakes and sampled from each other's plates.I ordered Cora's corned beef hash and eggs and got the Cinnabun pancakes. The portion of rice in the order definitely was not enough, so I had to order an extra side of rice. Everything was cooked well though! My pancakes were delicious in flavor, but they were overwhelmingly dry for my taste. I also tried the red velvet, carrot cakes, banana cream pie, and chocolate chip pancakes, which were all also quite dry, but still tasty. Overall, this place was cute and everything tasted good, but I came here expecting a lot more.
5	Just tried babystacks cafe and the food was delicious. My daughter kept give  me this look of satisfaction as she eats the cookies and cream pancakes while saying mmmmm soooooooo good. The presentation of the meal was beautiful and the taste was very satisfying for your palet. Also on top of that our server Melanie was very polite and very knowledgeable of the food and gave good recommendations for our meal. On top of that she always had a beautiful smile every time she came to our table which made my meal experience more pleasurable. Then the hostess was polite and very accommodating always letting me know my table status. Overall my visit to babystacks cafe was wonderful and can't wait to come back and with more new customer for them.
5	Love this resturant. Service is good and the food is superb.
4	Went for breakfast, but got the grilled cheese with the smoked pork...very good, also had the sweet cream crepes..absolutely yummy!!!  of course also ordered the red velvet pancakes....what can I say...I left happy and full.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in the world. I'm half Filipino, so I always get a Rick's Adobo Omelet, which is a wonderful for anyone who enjoys adobo and rice wrapped in a giant omelet. The pancakes are amazing. I day dream about the red velvet pancakes from here on a daily basis. Not only are the red velvet pancakes good, but any of the other pancakes are delicious, too. My one piece of advice is for dine-in people to get there a bit early. Lots of people know how great it is to eat here, so it might be a long wait until you get seated and eating at a table.
5	Breakfast is the most important meal of the day! So might as well make it the best too. I came here a few days ago with a friend and the place was packed, waited about 30 minutes to get seated, but it was worth the wait. Once we we got seated we got immidiate service, our coffee was brought to us faster than we could order it. I looked at the menu for a good minute since everything looked delicious, i am a simple girl and dont like having to choose between so many awesone choices. Why cant i just choose them all?! Anywho, i ordered the red velvet pancakes(short stack) and 3 beautifully sized, fluffy red pancakes arrived in less than 10 minutes(now i remind you that i waited an extra 40 minutes to eat, so i was starving) and my friend ordered cookie butter french toast.About my pancakes: WHAT THE H*** WERE THESE THINGS MADE OUT OF? CRACK? I didnt eat the pancakes, i inhaled them. They were so good! I wanted more when i was done(even though i was about to explode) and still to this day i am craving them. French toast: i tried some of my friends and it was delicious as well. If i wasnt so stuffed from my pancakes i probably would of inhaled them too while my friend was in the bathroom. I definetly recommend this place. The food wasnt the only thing that was outstanding, the service was as well.
4	Ahhhh yes, the red velvet pancakes are as good as everyone says, it is definitely a must try! I didn't care much for the adobo omelet (it seemed dry and salty to me) so I had the waitress box it up hoping someone at home would like it.  Well, I was right, my husband, the human garbage disposal, loved it!!
5	WOW! By far the best pancakes at a restaurant I have ever had. The carrot cake is one of my favorites. The lemon ricotta more crepe like then pancake but don't let that sway you from trying them, they will not disappoint.
5	Food is amazing! Home made tasting and friendly crew. The wait is long ( always) cause it's a small establishment and good food. But if you are not in a rush and want super good food, you gotta try this place. The adoba ( or something like that) omelet I had and bananas foster pancakes, holy crap those were good! I've never finished pancakes at a restaurant cause they don't taste homemade, but I finished every bite! Try this place!
1	I applaud the success of BabyStacks, but expecting your customers to stand packed elbow to elbow in the waiting area for upwards of an hour in hopes that you can hear your name being called is horrible.  The lack of reservation options, lack of waiting space, and unfriendliness of the staff offsets anything good I have heard about the food itself. I won't be attempting this place again anytime soon...
5	Excellence at its best. #ricksfriedriceadobo What an ingenious idea to infuse an omelet, fried rice and pulled pork adobo together. #bellyboner the butter milk pancakes are soft and fluffy but peeps red valvet pancakes is yet another entree that is a must to have.Waited close to an hour. The aroma of the food entices you to impatiently wait. All the food was so worth the wait!
5	The food was awesome. My friend found this place thru yelp and it am so glad she did. The red velvet pancakes were out of this world. I don't really care for red velvet or pancakes that much but I scarfed these babies down. Would highly recommend over and over again.
3	Pancakes were really good. Eggs Benedict were great. My girlfriend had the Loco Moco and it was delicious. Unfortunately I can't give this place more stars because the service was terrible. Waited 15 minutes to seat two while there were three empty tables clean and ready. No one was attentive. Had to wait a good while to order too. Bottom line - if you're in the area and have time to wait, it's worth it.
5	There was a 20 min wait! But as they say good things comes to those who wait... I got the red velvet pancakes with its light flavorful whip cream and a side of cream cheese topper and it was heaven!!!
3	Get here early if you don't want to wait 30 minutes.
5	Excellent food and service. Red velvet pancakes worth the visit. Love the Hawaiian selections in the menu.
3	Ok. Here's the scoop. Loco moco was good, very good. RV pancakes without the chocolate, very tasty. I took to go orders of the banana pancakes. To try at the Volley ball tournament. The line can be outrageous for parties greater than 2. So waiting will be long.(expect up to 45 minutes)
4	My boyfriend and I were in town during President's Week and ventured off to find a good breakfast/brunch restaurant in the LV area. He's dined at this restaurant before and vouched that their pancakes are delicious, and I read reviews on Yelp that their red velvet pancakes with a cream cheese sauce on the side is their signature pancake dish.We arrived on a Thursday morning. There was a 30 minute wait, but that was a good sign to me that this place is popular with the locals. We were seated in the time frame that they promised, and the server greeted us warmly.The menu had many entrees, of course, and many of them pertained to pancake entrees. However, I noticed that they had an extensive option of Hawaiian based breakfast dishes (loco moco,fried rice, etc). I wanted to stick to a smaller breakfast since I had a large dinner on the previous day. We stuck to their pancake entrees.He ordered pancakes with infused bacon bits (odd combo I know), and mine was the red velvet pancakes. We both ordered the half order of three pancakes instead of full.  Of course, I can't live without ordering home fries to balance my palette off with something salty. Plus, I just love potatoes -- carb addict, I know. My boyfriend recommended the potato chips, and I went with his recommendation.When the red velvet pancakes arrived, the taste was on point. Every bite was simply amazing. They were fluffy, warm, and perfectly sweet. The cream cheese side complimented the dish beautifully. Not to mention, the whipped cream with chocolate flakes on top of the pancakes were a nice addition. Loved the dish.The potato chips, on the other hand, were very oily and greasy. They were drenched in vegetable oil -- just gross. I didn't enjoy them at all. Very disappointing! I should've opted for the home fries.When we went to pay our bill, their computer system was down, so some of the diners were left waiting. They were polite about it, and the short wait didn't bother us. They still managed to get their credit card system working, at least. I would definitely return when I'm in the area, but I'd rather get my potato fix elsewhere.
3	I live on the east side and some friends and I made the trek because we'd heard good things and coupled it with another activity.  Service was great and food was good.  But basically my bananas foster pancakes were dessert served for brunch.  They were good and I cleaned my plate of the small portion, but if they were around the corner from me I am not sure they would make the regular spot list.  This place was good, but I felt a little over-hyped.  The regular breakfast entrees (non-dessert ones, lol) didn't look any more fan fare than any other "good" breakfast.  I was not drooling over anyone else's plate, that is.  My main purpose in review was for anyone making the trek and being underwhelmed.  I would eat there again and it was good, but not a destination or must try.
5	We had the Portuguese sausage, eggs and rice, loco moco , short stack of banana cream pie pancakes, cup of coffee and a glass of orange juice. Our total came up to be about 23.00. The place is small and cramp but clean and so are the bathrooms. We came in at 0800 on a Friday and was seated immediately. Servers were friendly, checked on us often and our food came out quick and hot. The food.... Rob says his Portuguese sausage eggs and rice was throwback to what we were used to eating in Guam and his orange juice tasted like the canned ones  we were served in school. Mine was the loco moco, they used a darker gravy than what I'm used too but I did like it a lot. I'm glad they don't use cheap rice here which takes away from the dish like the other island restaurants here do. I don't know which they use but it was not heavy and thick. I got through two of the patties and was stuffed,only got to eat a quarter of my pancakes which is a shame since they were soooo good.
4	I've been here multiple times already, but I keep forgetting to review it. This review is based on my experience today only.Service: This place is always busy, so it took them about no more than ten minutes to get us seated. I'm not complaining because there are other days where the wait is an hour (sometimes, more). Anyway, the servers here are always very nice and prompt. Ours was definitely perfect to us today; she was wonderful! They check on you often, and they don't take forever just to serve you or bring you your drinks/food. A+ for their service, seriously. I've never been disappointed.Food: They have a lot of Hawaiian-Filipino-American fused food items on their menu, so I love that this place is very original for that. I ordered 3 spam and eggs over easy with garlic fried rice & hash browns on the side. I also upgraded my pancake. They're known for their delicious red velvet pancakes with whipped cream and cocoa powder sprinkled on top with cream cheese syrup (yum yum), so of course I upgraded to that. (Almost) Everything came out delicious and hot! However, I wasn't the biggest fan of their garlic fried rice. The rice was really oily and the garlic tasted burnt... I don't like wasting food that I paid for, so I ate it anyway. But I have learned my lesson. Other than the rice, the rest of my food was delicious!Overall experience: I really do enjoy this place. It's one of my favorite places to go eat at. It's affordable, inexpensive, and delicious. Service is great. The food is delicious. But never again with the garlic fried rice.
5	My boyfriend and I have gone here twice so far and are dying to go back again. The first time we went, he got the lemon ricotta pancakes with his steak and eggs and I got the cinnabon pancakes with my egg breakfast. Absolutely delicious, especially the lemon ricotta. They have a cream cheese icing for some of the pancakes that I just want to drink by itself.I know how gross that sounds, but once you try it, you'll understand. The second time we went, which was just this morning, we had our same server and hostess! I loved that. They are both super smiley and welcoming. My boyfriend got the same as before and this time, I got the "make your own skillet" with carrot cake pancakes. I almost ate all of my pancakes before I even started on the skillet which had mushrooms, onions, and green bell peppers over potatoes with melted cheese. I chose cheddar and got scrambled eggs. With some cholula drizzled on top, I was in heaven. I enjoyed every bite and every bit of service :P they rock! We will definitely be going back soon. :)
5	Great experience!  Wait staff very friendly and food was wonderful. Our first time here. We split the country steak and eggs with pancakes upgraded to the red velvet. Potatoes were seasoned perfectly. Pancakes we're sweet and rich but not too much of either. Steak and gravy was yummy. Perfect sized meal to split between two. I think we just found our new fav breakfast place!
4	Do you want to know the worst thing about Baby Stacks? That the owner thought people only live off Buffalo, because the only locations that I know of, are Southwest, and Northwest. I bet you were thinking I was going to say the wait huh? Because if you don't know, now you know, YOU WILL WAIT! However, I don't really mind the wait. If you come super early, or late you might get lucky and be seated right away.  I have not had that experience. My wait times have been 45 min on a Sunday, and 20 min on a Wednesday. Worth it? INDEED!Baby Stacks is known for 2 things in my opinion. 1. Their variety of pancake selections. Red Velvet, Rocky Road, Nutella, and my personal fav Lemon Ricotta. There is a hotcake to please everyone. 2. Their Hawaiian options like Loco Moco, spam, and garlic rice. I would eat here way more if they opened up a Henderson location. Although I have never ventured outside of the breakfast, I wouldn't hesitate to do so. I am always satisfied with service, the food, and the ambiance in general. Solid, local business, with extraordinary  pancakes.
5	Best pancakes I've ever had!!! Must have! All of us had different ones and all of them were good! Red velvet, Ricky road and orange dreamsicle!
5	My wife and i went to the Babystacks on N. Buffalo. I had the best mexican omelet of my life...covered with a layer of Jack cheese and filled with yumminess. My wife had the red velvet pancakes. They were perfectly sweet. The staff was awesome! They were attentive and genuinely friendly. We'll be going back very soon.
3	Every time I have family in town, we HAVE TO go to Babystacks! They get super creative with their pancake flavors! In the past we have had, the orange creamsicle, red velvet, maple bacon, nutella, banana cream pie, and carrot cake pancakes. They're all really delicious but SUUUPER sweet. My little family consisting of me, bf, and our 4yr old usually just order a short stack and share between the three of us. They have filipino-esque dishes like adobo fried rice along with hawaiian fusion options like Loco Moco. My bf's favorite is their patty melt. It IS delicious but the last time we had it, I think they added an extra helping of grease.... which my bf didn't mind, LOL. My favorite USED TO be the Kalua Pig Eggs Benedict, but recently, their hollandaise has had the consistency of pudding, the color of cheez whiz and the taste of.... idk, NOT hollandaise. Tis a shame because I always ordered it when we went. The last time I ordered their Kalua Pig grilled cheese and although it was delicious, it too, had an extra helping of grease. I couldn't finish the whole thing so I just handed it to the bf.  Other than the hollandaise, this place is pretty consistent and although I have a hard time picking out stuff to eat (partly bc I'm filipino and can cook a lot of what they offer), we can't help but to keep coming back for their pancakes. The 4yr. old is a definite fan! :D*Also, they've opened up a second location in Spring Valley (still on Buffalo Dr.) It's still a ways from our place but close enough to have in the back of our minds when weekend brunch approaches!
3	First visit!  Nice atmosphere! Friendly servers! Great service!  I had the Mexican Omelet. It had Carnitas, peppers, topped with cheese salsa and lots of sour cream.  It worked!  Sour Cream really made the difference!  Hash Browns and sourdough toast was "Dennys" quality.  Nothing special. My wife had the Sweet cream crepes topped with strawberries. The Sweet cream filling was soupy. Strawberries must have been out of season cause I counted maybe a dozen slices of strawberries. Nothing special. Would certainly go back for the omelet I had.
5	My favorite thing besides the food is the serviceTop notch they make you feel like family the food is amazing
5	Ok first off I'm not that picky as far as breakfast joints go. But the place was great! Only thing I could say was it's to small and had to wait 15 min to be seated. It's worth checking out.
5	If you're in the area, you must try this place! Their red velvet pancakes are extremely good. When I ordered it, I had the two piece one where you can add to your dish. I got the khula pork benedict which had a really good holiday sauce on top. The service was really friendly.  I would definitely go back if I'm in the area again.
5	A smallish sort of place that serves up great food.  I ordered a stack of Red Velvet pancakes and they were terrific.  Be prepared to wait though.  We went on a weekday and there was a line of people outside.  I can only imagine the weekends!
5	I ate their Wednesday morning , at suggest of my companion. A small spot but very cozy. Friendly waiters (I had left my phone in the restroom ). I ordered the Ranchero omelet with coffee and a short stack of the Cookie's 'n' cream pancakes. Very delicious.
5	LoVe this place!  This was our first time at this location and we kind of thought, oh no is it going to lose the family feeling with a second Las Vegas location...  BabyStacks did not disappoint us in the least!  The pancakes are delicious, inventive, genius!  I only wish they would introduce a variety platter of dollar sized yumminess.  The rest of their breakfast fare is amazingly tasty as well.  Generous portions and totally yum!The servos was just as friendly as we remembered!Whenever we are Vegas bound thesis my favorite breakfast!  Ever!
5	I don't think it's possible to hate BabyStacks. The breakfast is done well, they have tons of unique pancake concoctions, the price is reasonable and they do a military discount. The only downside is the size of the facility; it creates a bit of a wait if you're there on the weekend. In any event, it's WORTH the wait!
5	I love this place. My husband and I are here literally EVERY week. The staff know our orders by heart. I can't say enough good things about babystacks. Consistently amazing food and equally amazing staff!!
3	Great food and service however, it needs a major facelift.Seating is cramped and there's a collection of dust from the vents.It looks like there's a web of sorts on the emergency sign but it's just dust. Nasty, needs a few hours of tlc.
5	I love this place! Chill people & great food. The red velvet pancakes are simply amazing! I usually grub on the Loco Moco  but everything here is good. The wife digs the Heavos Rancheros. There is always a wait but it's worth it!
5	If you love breakfast and pancakes, then this is the place for you.So many choices, all of the ones I've tried have been amazing.  The staff is helpful and friendly and if there's a long wait (there has always been a wait when I go) you can get a cup of coffee to pass the time.  Red velvet pancakes are incredible.  They had a special bananas foster for a while too that are my current favorite.  I think they are expanding too, there are other locations!  Seriously awesome pancakes.
4	Try the velvet pancakes is so delicious! Small place but clean. Good service!
4	" my review is subjective"My group tried a little of everything.Reasonable PRICESCountry Benedict         4.5 StarsI have no complaints on this twist of an original. It was delicious combination of Eggs Benedict with biscuits and sausage and gravy and seasoned salt country potatoes!! I loved it all, nothing was left on my plate.Basically this place is known for their variation on  homemade pancake batters. If you come here you have a to at least have a short stack. We wanted to try them all. But instead choose these three.Red Velvet short stack  5 starsPeanut Butter and Banana short stack 5 starsHazel Nut short stack 4 starsI will definitely come back here when I visit Vegas again. That's a given.
4	I wasn't very hungry so I just got a short stack of there bacon pancakes. They were pretty good and although I give the restaurant 4 stars i would I've the pancakes a 3. All the bacon was condensed in the middle. They were very tasty though.
5	To be honest I had no idea about how AWESOME of a place this cafe is. If you're a fan of AMAZING breakfast options I highly recommend you check this place out. I had the pleasure of coming here for a Book Club meet up. We are a group of Sci Fi/ Fantasy readers who are female food lovers. Our fearless leader set up this Brunch and let me tell you I was really impressed. Upon entering the parking lot the place didn't look too special but I could see lots of people waiting for a table. I was running late as USUAL so once I entered we had already been seated. Our  server Jacob was prompt at greeting me politely with a smile and asking what he could get me to drink while he went to grab me a menu.  I literally opened it up expecting to go with my normal go to breakfast choice when I was #MINDBLOWN. They have so many different options from Red Velvet Pancakes to these awesome fancy eggs benedict dishes. I had a really hard time deciding what to go with but I couldn't help but wanting  try the Fried Rice Stuffed Omelet. I however didn't trust myself to just impulsively go with my gut choice without asking Jacob what his thoughts were on the dish.  He smiled that bright smile and stated it was DELICIOUS and one of the most popular dishes. Let me tell you he was RIGHT!  about 3 of the 8 ladies went with the fancy eggs benedict varietes another got a crepe and some fruit. Since I didn't try any of them all I can say is EVERYONE had empty plates . My dish was super yummy but HUGE so I ended up bringing half of it home. I am terrible at remembering the names of items but I will say this place is priced around 10-15$ per entree but you get TONS of food and good quality taste and EXCEPTIONAL service. I was helped by Happy and Friendly people even when checking out and paying at the front. What impressed me the most though was they had no problem giving us seperate checks and at NO TIME were we rushed at all even while we were done eating and sitting there talking the afternoon away. I can't wait to return with my family to try out some more awesome dishes...If you're a breakfast person or even just a fan of delicious asian fushion give this place a shot!
5	I love their fooooood!!! I think I can eat here every weekend if it didn't mean gaining weight. After I eat all the food I feel super guilty and need to make a trip to the gym lol. This is a smaller location so there is usually a wait. Either come really early, in the afternoon, or get it to-go. Honestly, everything I've tried is really good. The omelettes, pancakes, and adobo fried rice is yum. I recommend the Cookie Butter French Toast and garlic fried rice, if anything. Service is prompt, but cramped inside.
5	Was in Vegas for a short time.  Went to have a late breakfast with a friend while I was there so hit up this place.  I had heard about the red velvet pancakes, so I ordered those.  Ok, by far the best pancakes I have ever had.  they come with a cream cheese syrup.  They are amazing! Just ordered a short stack but with a side of bacon.  The bacon was a wonderfully smoked bacon.  Almost tasted like it was smoked like a good brisket.  Very good!  There was a bit of a wait since the restaurant is kind of on the small side. It is worth the wait.  The waitress and cashier were both very delightful and attentive.  Will have to go back and try the biscuits and gravy or something else.
5	My girlfriend and I gave this place a try last weekend after hiking in the Red Rock Canyons. We have been trying to eat somewhat healthy, and this showed up under a search for 'healthy breakfast' haha well after reading about red velvet pancakes, all bets were off. We turned on the GPS and headed over.We waited for quite awhile, probably a half hour or so, because of the fact that it was Saturday at around 11:30. We really hit the rush because right when we sat down, like four or five tables got up and they didn't get re-seated (do we stink or something!?)The menu looked INCREDIBLE. Banana cream pie pancakes, carrot cake pancakes, orange creamsicle pancakes, SMORES pancakes, and I believe cookies and cream pancakes (there were plenty others but these stuck out to me). We had choice overload, because every single one sounded unbelievable. Since we also read about the homemade corned beef hash, I also wanted to try that.We ended up getting the meal that comes with eggs, corned beef hash, and a couple of pancakes, and ordering a separate short stack as well. We got the short stack of red velvet, and the other 2 were banana cream pie.Well, first, the corned beef hash was FANTASTIC. I would come back just to have that for breakfast again. For some reason I was craving it, and man did it hit the spot. The red velvet pancakes were probably the best I ever had, and mostly because of the creamcheese sauce they put on top. If I wasn't 'eating healthy' I would have asked for some extra, because that would have made it the best thing in the whole world.The banana cream pie ones were also really good, but my girlfriend felt they tasted a bit too artificial. I personally really liked them. The bill was something like 20 bucks, and for 2 people including coffees, we were more than happy with that. The two woman that were at the front were also really friendly, and chatted with us about our experience afterwards.Great value, great breakfast, and incredible pancakes. Will definitely be back again.
4	Very good pancakes, the red velvet are like eating a doughnut and the adobo rice is awesome. The staff r friendly and atmosphere relaxed and pleasant
3	Well my boyfriend & I decided to have breakfast yesterday at Babystacks. I had been there before when they first opened, back when they were called Babycakes. It was a Thursday, mid-morning, and we were greeted right away by a woman who sat us. She was very nice. I ordered the "homemade" corn beef hash & eggs & I got the red velvet pancakes. The red velvet pancakes are divine. If you like red velvet, you'll love these. I've had lots of RV pancakes & these are by far the best. The corn beef has looked like a cube of dog food. I've had corn beef hash a lot & this wasn't that great, neither were the eggs which were a strange color. The hash browns were undercooked & bland. My boyfriend got the Mexican skillet which also looked underwhelming & wasn't that great, according to him & he is an authentic Mexican. Haha. The portions were small & it was expensive. The reason I'm giving it 3 out of five stars is for their pancakes, which they're famous for, and our excellent service. Our server (I wish I remembered her name so I could give her a shoutout) was amazing. She was happy, friendly, and very attentive. The service from everyone I saw was amazing. I'll go back again for sure.
2	This place had been recommended by several coworkers as they are known for unique dishes.  The first attempt to go was on a Saturday morning at 10:00am...waaay too crowded so we left.  The second visit was last Wednesday with my son. I arrived first but was told I would not be seated as my son hadn't arrived yet..fair enough. When my son arrived I alerted the greeter who continued to seat others ahead of us...not cool. Service was a little slow and somewhat small portions arrived. Total dining time 2 hours 16 minutes...ugggh.  Flipside was the cooks worked so hard and the food was good. I will not return here but may try another Baby Stacks location.
4	Mahal kita!My Filipino heart is so happy with this place. My family and I celebrated Memorial Day by having brunch here. From what I saw, most of the items on the menu are your typical breakfast/brunch items: eggs, bacon, crepes, etc. I'm sure they're all cooked great BUT I really encourage you to get the menu items that make this restaurant unique! It seems that a very popular choice is Chicken Adobo Fried Rice Omelette. Yup, thats: fried rice lathered in chicken adobo sauce and chicken, wrapped in an egg omelette - making it look like a burrito. It is indeed very good, and that's an endorsement coming from a Pinoy. For those not too familiar with Filipino food, the rice/chicken part WILL be salty, so if you're not in to salty foods, this may not be for you.Despite being a big fan of that dish, my family members around me got it so I just picked off their plates. I myself got the Kalua Benedict with country potatoes. What makes the benedict special is its shredded pork. The pork is so tender and moist, its a unique substitution from what you typically have on benedicts.My dad and uncle both got the Loco Moco, and although I didn't get to taste it, they both gave their endorsements. We all ordered nutella crepes, and that plate is very large! We were able to split it among 6 peoples as a perfect dessert.What a gem! Mahal na mahal kita!
5	I love this location! Every time I have come here there has been a bit of a line, but they for such a small place, and for so many people, they really do get you in and out in a flash. They don't mess around here.First off, pancakes. This is the place to go to try some sweet cakes of different varieties. My favorites are the Red Velvet and the holiday Chocolate Mint. Skillets here are really good, but that could just be because the home potatoes are crunchy and well seasoned. Now, crepes. Oh my, the Nutella crepe with strawberries here is to die for. The crepe is so light and airy, and they do not over due it on the Nutella, so it's not a heavy dish. You can get one, or many. You will want many.Service has always be top notch, and like I said before you are in and out in no time. Though there are other locations, this one stands out to me as the best based on the food quality and the service.
4	BabyStacks Cafe brings me back to island life because of their ono grindz, island music, and kamaaina-esque service. This place sort of reminds me of Eggs 'n Things and Koa Pancake House in Hawaii, but comparing BabyStacks to those places just isn't fair.BabyStacks is your typical breakfast/brunch joint with an island/filipino-inspired flare. Their menu items include the usual eggs, bacon, sausage, crepes, french toast, pancakes (large variety), etc. but if you're looking for something more (I'm talkin' to all ya'll Pacific Islander Yelpers) they also have spam, Portuguese sausage, loco moco (with the choice of garlic fried rice), Kalua pig (benedict), adobo fried rice (omelette), etc. The restaurant is quite small and fills up rather quickly, but for our party of 7 (arriving after about an hour and a half of opening) only waited for about 15 minutes. Not too bad. I ordered the Adobo Fried Rice Omelette, and thanks to my family, I was able to try bites of the Kalua Pig Benedict and Nutella Crepes. The Adobo Fried Rice Omelette was delicious! The rice is fried with Filipino-style chicken adobo, wrapped inside a fried egg (hence, "omelette"), and garnished with scallions. The portion they serve is big enough for two people, so if you're not too hungry or want to try more things on the menu, I'd suggest sharing. The Kalua Pig Benedict was also very good. The pork was cooked and seasoned well. I wouldn't mind ordering it on my next visit. The Nutella crepe was just alright. I prefer my crepes to be thinner. The thickness of the crepe topped with cream made it a little soggy for my taste. If you do decide to order crepes I'd, again, suggest sharing it because they're huge! Talk about kanak-attack!!!They also have daily specials that aren't menu regulars, so if you're looking for a unique breakfast experience check this place it out!
4	Had the red velvet pancakes.  The butter and frosting is really all you need.  It was so sweet that I didn't even touch the syrup.  The pancakes were nice and fluffy and were dusted with some chocolate powder.  It's like a cupcake and pancake combined!  Definitely a must try.
4	someone just asked me what was the name of the restaurant that I ate Orange Creamsicle pancakes.  Well I came ot Yelp thinking I gave a review and I didn't.  I dont even have the pictures anymore....hmmm.Anywho. OMG this place is amazing!!!!  I think I ordered the Sausage and Eggs and the pancakes came with them.  Hubby ordered the Build Your Own Omelette with the Honey Wheat Pancakes.  Everything was really fresh and the pancakes were out of this world. No words can describe the taste of those Orange Creamiscle pancakes and I tasted his Honey Wheat and they too were amazing.  The only thing is the place is so small.  As soon as our food came the people next to us were lke ohhhh whats that with his nose almost touching my pancakes.  For that reason I will not go often.  I like to have some privacy when eating...give me at least an arm length apart.  If we wouldve both stuck out our arms, we could've hugged lol.  Other than that, great food!!!  May just order to go next time!
5	Absolutely amazing food! This place has great customer service and is a great place to eat! Definitely try the Eggs Benedict or Loco Moco!
5	Came here cuz we were working in the area and had a few hours to kill for breakfast. I also read the good reviews on Yelp. Being my first visit, the service was good and food was amazing. I had the Adobo Fried Rice with sliced avocado. my buddies had different meals and all were satisfied. Baby cakes is not your typical cafe. Will come again next time I'm working in Vegas.
5	I think this place is awesome! There is always a line and you have to wait, but I think if that's the case then theres a reason and the wait is worth it! If its your first time, please don't get turned off by the wait as you will not regret it. Breakfast was the kalua Benedict, adobo fried rice, and their special cookies n creme pancakes. As others have stated try all the other pancakes before thw red velvet because those are the best in my opinion!  As usual it was busy but service was great, staff is friendly, and the food arrived in a very decent amount time given how much people were there. The kalua Benedict is great! Smokey, savory kalua pig with hollandaise sauce and potatoes. The potatoes are awesome crisp and tender with great flavor. The kalua Benedict is definitely a must. Then the adobo fried rice.... just greatness wrapped up with an omelette! ! The adobo is nice and salty but not to much with the mac salad on the side this is winner and is highly recommended to try for your first time. The pancakes were a great surprise!! Chocolate pancakes were light but dense, I know weird but true! With cookie bits and an awesome syrup these pancakes was mean!! If they are still on the menu try these and then order a side of red velvet pancakes lol! I think there is nothing that will disappoint at Baby Stacks!! Definitely a must try place when coming to vegas! But I live here so I can anytime, chee!
4	Great pancakes and everything is pretty good. Servers are always nice and on point. The wait is a little crazy on weekends, so be ready to wait an hour or so.
5	Aaaaaaaamazing. I had the orangecicle pancakes and of course the works with all the sides! Demolished. I scarfed it all down like a fatty. Didn't snap one picture. !!! But next time . :)Reggae much good vibes great food.
5	Yummy!  I had a great visit here I ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes and when I took my first bite I heard Angeles singing!  Yes they are that good, lemony creamy goodness in every bite.  My husband had the egg breakfast with spam he was doing the happy dance. The waitress was very helpful and friendly sorry I forgot your name or I would have given you a shout out.  The hubby also got a side of pancakes Instead of the potatoes which were light and fluffy (cinnamon bun pancakes) and cooked to perfection. I will definitely come back!
5	I'm in love with Babystacks. I am a regular here and now am a regular at the new Centennial location that just opened up closer to me. I've been coming to Babystacks for a few years now. The service is always good. The employees are all very friendly and good at what they do. They have all the regular breakfast foods that most brunch places have along with some that have a twist and a few Hawaiian dishes. The specialty is of course their pancakes with so many varieties to chose from. I've had most of the things are their menu and am hardly ever disappointed. The only down side is that the buffalo location tends to get crowded so be prepared to wait. But to me that just goes to show you that everyone that comes here is always willing to wait. This place is on my list of highly recommended places to try.
5	Some friends and I went here when I was visiting family. We all got different dishes with different flavors of pancakes. Red velvet, bananas foster (what?!?), straight buttermilk...INSANE. We loved them all, but the bananas foster were by far the most original. I ordered the Kailua pork Eggs Benedict, and what a fun, unique twist on an old favorite! I often judge a breakfast joint on their Benedict. These were lovely. I will be taking my husband the next time we visit my parents.
4	it was pretty good... Small on the inside. good food their orange juice is fresh with slight pulp... love their seasoned potatoes
4	The red velvet pancakes are literally heaven on a plate.I've been to this particular location a few times and I fell in LOVE as soon as the food touched my tongue. The only reason that I'm giving them 4 stars is because of the wait. Every single time I come it's at least a 25-45 minute wait because the location is so small inside. I really hope that the expand because they miss out on so much business with people not wanting to wait.I LOVE this place. yum yum yum!!
5	i really like everything so far about them. tried their hazelnut pancakes and they are yummy! but buttermilk is my favorite. would definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone!
5	The original Babycakes/stacksLocated on Buffalo and Smoke Ranch in the small strip mall next to Sierra Gold and a Hair Color Xperts. Plenty of car parks in the lot.So your hungry or needing something sweet, Babystacks has got you covered from every angle. Traditional Breakfasts, Hawaiian breakfast, kids Meals and the Famous Pancakes are all on the menu.I've been coming here since this place opened, and I'm never disappointed. The service is always prompt and the meals are always cooked and prepared in a timely fashion.I Always recommended the signature dish of Red Velvet pancakes with white chocolate but in recent times I have been here, the Banana Foster pancakes have been outstanding!Extremely kid friendly with high chairs and coloring to keep them occupied. Also adult friendly Flat screens with news or sports on tv to keep the grown ups occupied.Weekends are a tricky one, due to the popularity of Babystacks the line up can get crazy so I recommend during the week.OverallFood: 5-5Drink: 3-5Service: 4-5Coming back: Yes
4	A great little breakfast spot away from everything.. They have so many different pancakes to choose from. The service was on point and the staff was helpful and friendly. I will definitely be back to try the banana fosters pancakes and the garlic fried rice when visiting Vegas!
4	I really love the food here and that's even when I don't get the fancy pancakes.  Benedicts here are great, even the omelets are good.  I'm a big coffee fan and it's always fresh and hot.It's a very small place so come early, call ahead or be prepared to wait.  It's worth it though.  The small space lends to attentive service and the staff is friendly.  Get here and stuff yo face!
5	This place is fantastic. Be advised that seating is extremely limited, and they don't have a bar where you can first come first serve sit. So come early or very late. Or wait! The banana fosters pancakes are the stuff dreams are made of. They serve every pancake with a wonderful cold, rich cream. Loco moco hits the spot. Not the best I've had but still great. You can combo up your pancakes as a side for only a buck more! Definitely eat here if you are in Summerlin.
5	Red velvet pancakes and white chocolate chip macadamia nut pancakes are amazing.  There are so many options!!!  Try the adobo fried rice omelette and add pancakes of your choice.   Great customer service!
4	I love that this place is so close to my house. Ive never had to wait long for a table. I stick to the same thing Everytime. My sister and I share the Huntington omelet and the red velvet pancakes. Service is fast and good can't go wrong if you stick to the popular dishes! They are popular for a reason:)
4	Very nice staff and my daughter absolutely loved her Cinnabon pancakes. I got the biscuits and gravy (my all time favorite) and am quite disappointed. Perhaps I am spoiled, however there was not enough gravy to eat all of the biscuits, no sausage chunks in the gravy, and the gravy had a sweetness to it. I also got the seasoned potatoes and those were awesome! $15.94 for breakfast, not too bad, however not worth it for me, personally.
5	The absolute BEST banana pancakes I have ever had! Seriously.... These cakes are legit!  Great service and friendly staff. We will be back.
5	Hands down best pancakes I've ever had period.  If u r in Vegas u need to eat here well worth the 8 mile drive from the strip. Service is great Felicia was awesome and I will b coming back every time I'm in town
5	I love this place! The service is great and so is the food! I am addicted to the garlic fried rice. It's so simple yet delicious. The babycakes (pancakes) are just as good. This is my go to place for breakfast. It has a friendly atmosphere and the smell of the food cooking is intoxicating. I haven't had a bad experience ever!
5	Wonderful Breakfast!!! Country Benedict is Awesome!! Sooooo friendly too!! Will be back!!
5	I can't wait to come back to Baby Stacks!! I decided to stop in for breakfast with my best friend that is visiting from out of town. We both agreed that this is a great place for breakfast! The pancakes were honestly some of the tastiest pancakes I've ever had. I ordered the hazelnut short stack with strawberries...wow! They drizzle Nutella with whipped cream and chopped hazelnuts on top! Plus the fresh strawberries made it even better! Every single bite was delicious..I actually finished the short stack! I don't think I could ever order a full order though! A short stack is perfect! I ended up ordering two different sides of potatoes, the hash browns and the breakfast potatoes. Both were good but I will probably stick to the breakfast potatoes next time! I spent about $14 for a short stack with strawberries and two breakfast sides and was not upset about it. Like I said I can't wait to return!!
2	The hostess was extremely rude.  Acted as if we were an inconvenience for showing up.   We had to greet her to even get an acknowledgment that we were standing in front of her.. No pleasantries, just a short annoyed huff and puff followed by "how many, 10 mins"Food was good.
5	All I can say is:ORDER THE RED VELVET PANCAKES IF YOU'RE A PANCAKE LOVER! I PROMISE IT WILL NOT DISAPPOINT YOU IN ANY WAY, IT'S PERF, okay? Best breakfast and brunch place ever to exist.Better than iHop? Yes.Better than Denny's? Uh, no shit.Better than Egg Works? Hell yeah.Better than The Cracked Egg? Don't even, YES!I highly recommend this to any breakfast/brunch persons cause you will not regret it. I was introduced to BABYSTACKS by an ex-boyfriend and that was probably the most amazing thing he's ever done for me in our entire relationship. Haha, seriously just go
2	Came here for lunch.  It was moderately busy.  We were sat right away and a busser came to our table for our drink order within a minute.  It took a bit longer to get our food order though.   10 minutes to be exact.  I tried making eye contact with either of the two servers with no success.  I wasn't even sure who our server was.  Finally our server came, apologized for the wait and took our order.  She was sweet.My son ordered the full order of red velvet pancakes.  Delicious.  The best pancake in Vegas.  I ordered the blackened chicken sandwich.  I usually order this slightly spicy sandwich that is really tasty.  This time, however, the sandwich was flavorless.  After 2-3 bites, I opened the sandwich and the chicken filet didn't look blackened.  I showed it to our server and she agreed that it didn't look right.  She apologized and took the plate.  It took about 10-12 minutes to get the replacement sandwich.  My son was already done with his meal.  The sandwich was tasty but I had kind of lost my appetite.  I gave half to my son and ate the other half.  Now here is what disappointed me.  I would have thought that the server would've offered to pay for my soda...offer a little dessert...something.   By all accounts, this was not a good dining experience.  Nothing.  I suppose I could've been a jerk.  Maybe that would've been more effective?
5	All their pancakes are awesome and the kalua pig/grilled cheese sandwich is bomb too!
3	So I've been to the SW location and loved it. This location...not as much. It's aesthetically more pleasing, it is just as small. Staff was helpful and pleasant, and the place was clean. It was a Sunday morning, the crowds weren't there yet, I think the line out the door started around 9 or so.My husband ordered a Chocolate Milk to start, well I think they only put the C in, it was the lightest chocolate milk I ever saw, our friend ordered one too and his looked the same, I think one drop of chocolate syrup was added to each cup.For breakfast he ordered the Breakfast Burrito with a short stack of S'Mores pancakes and I got a short stack of the Banana Cream Pie Pancakes with a side of Bacon. So my main gripe is about the pancakes, they weren't as light an fluffy as the SW location, they were also a tad over cooked and dry and my pancakes hardly had any bananas inside. My husband agreed that the pancakes weren' t as good this time. The Breakfast burrito was good and so was the bacon. My OJ tasted a little off as well so I just didn't drink it. I would visit this location again but with all the other Babystacks around town now, I think I'll skip this one until it's absolutely necessary.
4	Wow great food and deserts.  Priced for great food. Ahhhhhh
4	very good, specialty are pancakes. i had the blueberry shorts and they were great. huevos rancheros OK. Pancakes,coffee and ambiance is good. WIll be back!
5	I love this place for breakfast strawberry pancakes are delicious. I love the skillets my favorite is the cow boy. Every time time I go here it never fails.
3	I hate the service here. Literally I hate it. I don't understand how unorganized one can be here. But its on my list of places that have scarred me because of service. Regardless. Food wise--they do take the cup for the best red velvet pancakes and burgers. Make sure to get the red velvet pancakes :)I recommend going to the other one down south
4	HOLY PETE. Next time you are in Vegas, and want a quality breakfast - go to this place. This was the best commercial breakfast I have ever had. EVERYTHING was fresh and hot. I had the Texan skillet. Bell peppers, onions, mushrooms, cheese side of papas, comes w two of the most light and fluffy pancakes. I do not know who they have cooking in the back, or running this place but it is wonderful. Friendly staff too. A little bit of a wait as place is small, but absolutely worth it! Salsa was good. Made with fresh tomatoes and the flavor was beyond good. Love this place and will see you next time!
4	Great spot for breakfast. Very small cafe so seating can take sometime if you don't get there right at opening, i've waited up to 45 minutes before. Visually pretty pleasing, very clean, and the staff is as friendly as can be. I have had the opportunity to try many dishes here, my favorite being the Adobo Fried Rice, definitely a must try.
3	Quick tip when you are crowded / busy dont have an 18 year old kid trying to seat everyone.... doesn't work.... we were a party of 4 with a party of  6 ahead of us .... open table of 4 right in front of us sat empty for 20 minutes....we were refused seating because the kid was trying to  come up with a plan to shove 6 into the table for 4.... wow...in the meantime 5 parties of 2 waltz right in and get seating...in the end we were given a booth that would have sat 6... while the table of 4 still sat empty...and the party of 6 still sat waiting.... we could have taken the table for 4 and the 6 could've sat where we sat....confused?  Read first sentence... oh yeah... food....?  Food was good as always but we waited 20 minutes while a table sat empty right in front of us ... we were on a tight clock (had to be somewhere) and had to rush ... .
5	Nom Nom Baby Stacks!  What I really loved about this place, was their perfect portion sizes.  I ordered a combo meal, hashbrowns, eggs and upgraded my pancakes.  Ordered the Rocky Road pancakes.  All were really good.  My friend had the red velvet pancakes, which are really sweet.  I want to try so much more, some other time.Expect about a 30-45 minute wait for a table.  It's a small place.  Worth it.
5	My family comes here every weekend. People complain about the wait, well guess what, it's as it down breakfast/lunch joint, not fast food. Go to McDonald's if you're going to be an impatient jerk. The staff have become family, greeted with hugs every time. If you're looking for something different, then sit down, wait, then enjoy!
5	This place is incredible, been here 10+ times and has been awesome everything single time. Waitstaff is great and attentive, and their orange cream pancakes are like crack! Always worth the wait.  My fav is the Ranchero Skillet-New Mexico green chile is abundant in this one - perfect:)  Added bonus for me is Reggae playlist airing in the background..
5	So this is not the place to go if you are counting carbs because even if you resolve to be strong, the gorgeous plates going by will make you feel deprived. I would suggest diving into the experience, this place makes the fall worth it. The waitress was very patient with us, it was a difficult decision!   I had the red velvet pancakes as a dessert with my turkey club sandwich.  The sandwich was really good, the avocado was just right, lettuce crispy, all was yummy...BUT THE PANCAKES should have a soundtrack of angels singing.  First the color was an amazing red on the edges and the portion was just right.  They were served with fresh whipped cream on top and a cream-cheesy-butter-syrup to dip or pour over them.  I dipped and dipped again.  I will definitely return to BabyStacks.
1	Monday 1039am waited over a half hour for a seat! 9 empty tables! Place is a joke! Service is ok! Food just alright! Hostess is also cashier which adds to the wait time! For the price of food they can afford a hostess and a cashier!
5	Seriously this place is the best. I've been here 3 times in the past week and have gotten the Adobo twice. It's amazing if you like island flavors. Very Savory. Recommend upgrading your side to a special baby stack. So far every one I have tried has be delicious. Your moms gunna love this place- at least that's what she told me when I saw her last night
2	We went on a weekday, about 9:30..... they weren't very busy... plenty of empty tables.We sat down right away, waitress came over got our drink order. Then they asked us to move tables to accommodate a large party. No big deal we didn't mind helping out, except then they squeezed us in the tiniest table in-between others, when there was still plenty of empty tables. UGH....Food was average... if that...Wheat toast was BAD!! Inedible!! (EAT, downtown has spoiled me forever on REAL toast) but this was stale and hard. YUCK! Eggs were not good, tasted horrible!My husband had the breakfast burrito, he said it was average. Better breakfast at several other places in town!
5	Was turned onto this place by a friend. We went on a Saturday morning to find a 25 minute wait. I was a little skeptical since breakfast in Vegas is RARELY worth a wait. Once seated was impressed by how fast and friendly everyone was. Wifey tried the Loco Moco with Garlic Rice. This was fantastic, really very good. I tried the Huevos Ranchero with green salsa...damn good. We both shared the Bacon Pancakes, delicious. Coffee was never empty and great. This was worth the wait. Great breakfast spots are hard to find. Will return many times.
5	My boyfriend took me here because his mom was like take her some where nice not like Denny's so she suggested to go to baby stake since they all go there as a family. So he took me on a Saturday and it was full and he didn't really feel like waiting but I thought to my self if theres a lot of people waiting that must mean something ! Right ?!? By the way there super nice like really thoughtful and it seems like they also have regular customers because the manger would talk with some of them as they were leaving she just looked really happy to see them. I like that small environment that makes u feel at home. When we got the table and ordered I didn't know what to chose since all the pancakes sound good. I ordered two s'mores pancakes with hash-brown and eggs with bacon and my boyfriend got an order of cinnamon roll pancakes. Let me just say when I got the order of Smore's pancakes and I tasted that oh my God it was amazing no wonder his mom was raving about it because it was really really good and the hashbrowns were perfectly crispy and delicious I really really liked it. I'm letting you know this place is really good and I only tried their pancakes so I can imagine their other dishes. I'm glad my boyfriend took me to this place because from now on I will not go to any other breakfast place and I want to take my whole family there because it's really amazing. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did .
4	Went to breakfast with a friend and my one year old daughter. My friend told me it was a place I must try,  she was not kidding! We arrived around 10 am,  so it was not very busy and we were seated right away.  The hostess noticed my daughter and immediately set us up in a spacious corner table with a high chair.  I didn't have to sit awkwardly with a squirming baby in my lap waiting for a place to put her. Our server greeted us very quickly. She was friendly and attentive throughout the meal. Our drink order was taken right away,  my coffee was excellent and clearly fresh. (Bonus points for keeping it fresh after breakfast rush has slowed and there is a lull of customers.)For breakfast I had the strawberry cream cheese pancakes with a side of toast and a side of bacon. The food looked appetizing and beautiful.  I had gotten the toast for my daughter,  but it was crusty and tasted like it had been sitting out. She shared my french toast and Bacon with me instead. The French Toast was outstanding and the bacon was thick and cooked to perfection. My friend had the lemon ricotta pancakes. She requested extra lemons and they were delivered immediately. I tasted a bite of her pancakes and they were fantastic. Our coffee was never allowed to become empty or cold. Our check arrived on one bill which was promptly split when we asked, even though it was getting busier as early lunch dinners were arriving. The server didn't tell us to pay at the front,  so we waited a while before realizing.  In that time she did walk by us a couple times.  She was very busy,  but it might have been nice for her to stop and just let us know where to pay or ask if we needed something. There were customers waiting at this point so would have been nice for them if we had left that 5-10 minutes earlier. Didn't bother us too much though because we still had coffee and we were chatting. Overall it was a great experience and i am excited to take my son and my husband to try it sometime!
4	It's all about the spam sliders,best crepes and pancakes in town. Hands down my favorite breakfast place!
2	Super duper blah. Most of the wait staff move and act like robots. Unfortunately our waiter made some bad decisions and we ended up spending over an hour there. The food seems like it is completely fabricated from the Sysco truck. Pancakes were dryer than the base of mount charleston. They did offer a military discount. That brought them from 1 star to two.
5	YUM! Just yum. Their bananas foster pancakes are so BOMB. The fries are great, the omlettes are awesome. Everything was fresh and really good. The seating a slightly uncomfortable but that's really my only complaint. I like a breakfast place with a little more comfort to soothe my hangover (which is really the only reason I'll ever go out for a big breakfast! Haha)Can't wait for my next hangover so I can make a trip back!
5	Had brunch here with friends visiting from out if town.  I always take people here for crepes/pancakes/coffee.   We loved the food and the service was great!  The pancakes were delicious, we tried the lemon ricotta and white chocolate chip macadamia nut which were amazing.  Also, Rick's adobo fried rice and the portuguese sausage was good too!
4	I love baby stacks just because of their red velvet pancakes. Hahaha I only go their just for that but overall experience was great! It's always pack of people! I would definitely wait and stay in line just cause of the red velvet pancakes hahaha
4	I've never had a bad food experience here! The lemon ricotta pancakes and garlic (very garlic!) rice are both to die for. The service is fine. It's always incredibly busy in the morning, and many servers are less then attentive (even when it isn't busy). I have ordered out, which works exactly how it should. Overall, I great place to dine. However, if you are impatient about waiting for your table or your server, try another place.
4	Probably one of the best breakfast places I've been 2 in my life. Parking was easy. They had a nice big lot outside. Pricing was reasonable. Service was pretty fast. And they had just the right amount of tables.  The food was pretty good too. I especially liked their Spam Scramble, Pancakes, and Loco Moco. Only thing I didn't like about this place was I had 2 wait 20 minutes 2 b seated because it was so crowded. At least I enjoyed the food. Will definitely come back and recommend 2 friends
3	the adobo omelette lacked flavor and pieces of the chicken werent mixed in well.  the kalua pork benedict was dry and eggs were overcooked. the banana creme pancake was delicious but was not fluffy and didnt have enough bananas
1	I only put one start because I was going to invite me my mom but as soon as I walked in someone rudely said we are closed ! So in my head I'm like ohh well shouldn't you have locked the doors for I wouldn't have wasted my time going inside . Plus it was 2:05 I don't think u should say no to a costumer right away
1	Total let down! Went a few weeks ago after waiting for about 30min (which wasn't a surprise seeing how busy they were) we were excited because we have heard so many great things. I felt like we were being rushed (I get it you need to turn tables over) after ordering. We received our food. I feel to even call it mediocre would be a compliment. And then I was charged for a drink I didn't order and it was only two of us. Service wasn't great either everyone looked depressed I won't be back to give this place a second chance after the bad taste it left in my mouth.
5	This place is an awesome place to go for a nice family breakfast. We found this place after butting heads with the idiots at the IHOP down the road.The wife had the bacon pancakes and she said they were very good. I had one of the skillets and it was amazing. The staff here was very friendly and they all seemed to work together as a team to help out the customers. Support local business and give this place a try.
4	I've been here twice. Be prepared for a lengthy wait on weekends. Lengthy. This place has great pancakes. I've had the bananas foster pancakes and the carrot cake ones and they are both fantastic. The bananas foster was really sweet. Surprised? Their bacon and eggs are also good. I can't recommend the coffee. It isn't terrible, but it tastes a lot like Folgers and it is my only real complaint about the place. I've had good service both times. Definitely recommend this place for a leisurely breakfast on a cheat day.
4	Awesome menu!  They have my Hawaiian local favorites like, Portuguese sausage egg and rice and loco-moco.  Aside from that,  they also have red velvet pancakes.  Definitely go back :)
4	Great pancakes, rice, eggs Benny, Mexican omelet is delicious! The place is pretty small, and they get pretty crowded, so expect a wait, especially on the weekend. I have never been disappointed with anything on the menu.
5	This place was absolutely delicious, heads up there might be a line to get in it is so tasty. The place was really tiny but the food and service was so good I didnt even mind too much.
4	Weekdays are best. Expect to wait about 20-30 min on weekends but its worth it the food is great. Try the Strawberry Red Velvet pancakes. The last time I was there I had the "Peanut Butter and ____" pancakes. The 'blank' means you can chose what ever peanut butter partner you'd like from a selection of items. I had the PB & Bananas. No anywhere as good as most of there items but it can be improved upon. The pancakes themselves where banana filled, but the PB was in the form of PB chips. As in choclate chips. They melted on the pancake eventually but you still have to kind of spread them on to the stack. That would have not been my first choice. Maybe a spread on the side or just spread some actually PB on the stacks. Maybe they do it for presentation?...Either way they didn't taste as good as they sound. The food is awesome and you can get some traditional Filipino and Hawaiian items as well. They have an extensive menu for pancakes and omeletts which are my favorite so you have plenty to chose from. Just be sure to order the half-stack if you're not hungry. The pancakes are about the size of your hand in diameter but they are very rich. The four stars comes from the size and set-up of the establishment. Very very small and very limited seating for a place where you have to wait at least 20 minutes to be seated, longer if you're a bigger party. In the dead of summer or cold of winter you have to wait outside to be seated if the few seats that are inside are already taken. It's almost elbow to elbow inside and if you are private person there isn't anything you can really talk about without the folks at the next table being able to hear it. Otherwise, this place seldom disappoints. I would definitely recommend you try it at least twice.
4	Classic breakfast place. The staff is great and friendly.  It's like going home cause they make you feel like family.  I like the pancakes. So many choice you can have a different flavor every day.  I went on a weekday so i dont know about the long waits
5	after watching the sunrise at red rock canyon, this was a great place to stop for breakfast!they have decadent pancakes (red velvet, Cinnabon, s'mores), or if you're feeling lighter, a make your own omelet option complete with a choice of whole eggs or egg whites.you won't regret it!
5	I had seen photos from friends of the pancakes and chicken adobo fried rice. I insisted my local friends take me here on my most recent trip to Vegas. We went super early on a Sunday morning to beat the crowd/line and sure enough there was no wait at all and we got to pick our table. I was so torn between crepes or pancakes, so settled on the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes which reminded me of a slightly thicker Swedish Pancake with more tart flavor from the citrus. I also got a side of bacon because, protein. House coffee was very good as well. My friends got skillets and omelettes, and the bacon pancakes (cue Jake from Adventure Time! Bacon pancakes, makin' bacon pancakes, take some bacon and I'll put it in a pancake, bacon pancakes, that's what it's gonna make, bacon pancaaake!). Everything looked so good, and from what I had, pretty darn good stuff. I will be back, Babystacks.
5	Dude whenever a friend want to grab breakfast and I'm not being picky about my weight I take them here whenever I have somebody who comes in to see me from Ohio or Chicago I take them here seriously red velvet pancakes with cream cheese frosting...or the orange Julius pancakes they have a lemon ricotta pancakes they have Smore's pancakes they have peanut butter and jelly pancakes I mean anything your little heart desires they have!!!!!
4	Nice original breakfast place in Summerlin. Pancakes were great. I had the lemon ricotta (light with delicious lemon cream sauce) and my son had the chocolate chip (lots of chips). The egg skillets we had were okay, not great. On the dry side. I'd come back for the pancakes next time were in Summerlin.
3	The food is decent but not worth the rude staff (at the door) and a 60 minute wait. I have certainly had worse breakfasts - but I have had better too.Would I come back - sure (the food is worth it) but, once they get a bigger than 50 seat dining room and a better attitude.
5	I was introduced to BabyStacks through a co-worker about a year ago and I have never had a bad meal here.  Just yesterday (Nov. 4, 2014) I dined here with my daughter and we were seated right away.  Place was almost filled, but that is to be expected for a small dining area.  This day we had Monica as our server, and she had waited on me before on previous visits as well.  She is the constant professional, sweet, attentive, and clearly knowledgeable of her duties.On this visit I ordered the bacon and egg breakfast with seasoned potatoes, their seasonal pumpkin pancakes with that delicious sauce, and an order of wheat toast.  My daughter enjoyed their bacon pancakes.  Everything came out within 10-12 min of ordering and was perfectly prepared.  I forgot to ask Monica to make my bacon crispy, but it was still good.  I love their bacon!  Daughter also enjoyed her cakes too...while stealing a few of my potatoes.  I look forward to my next visit where I know the food and service will be just as enjoyable.  Keep up the great quality BabyStacks team!!
4	Great place for a traditional American style and/or Filipino Style breakfast. The wait was reasonable. I recommend the red velvet pancakes.
5	In love with this place. Food was delicious and service was above and beyond expectation.
4	This is a small breakfast place but with very good food! They are open from 7-2pm during the week and 7-3 on weekends. We ordered the pork skillet which was delicious. It had a lot of cheese however, it could have been better with some peppers or onion. We also ordered the traditional eggs Benedict which was average. Baby Stacks is well known for their red velvet pancakes which are phenomenal! This is a must try! Overall the place has pretty good food. The bad part is that there is always a long wait and they do not take reservations.
3	Food was decent, but the terrible service get this place 3 stars at best.
3	When we first got here the line was going outside of the door. There were about 6 people ahead of us and the seating area was full! It must be that good.The setting looked alright very simple and clean. It gives you a warm Hawaiian feel because I am from the island of Oahu myself. The menu listed my favorite: CHILI MOCO and also some local favorites in there as well. I believe that I would rate the chili MOCO a 7 out of 10 because the plate looked too big for the portion. I think that there should be more flavor in the meat and provided a bigger portion of food.Overall it was great but I would have wanted the portion a little bigger.
5	Awesome.  I had the Loco Moco with the garlic rice and it was like I was back on Oahu.  The pancakes are off the planet good as well.  Definitely recommend a trip off the Strip to this place!
5	Fast and great service.  My husband and I came here by the suggestion of our family in Vegas, I read the reviews and Yelp, and I was not disappointed.  First of, it's a small, cozy venue.  Greeted really nicely.  Reasonably priced. We could not decide on the flavors of pancakes so we had 3 short stacks: banana cream pie, red velvet, and bacon pancakes. Plus we had a side order of the Portuguese sausage.  Everything was delicious.  My husband loves the red velvet.  It was not super sweet, just perfect favors. Enjoy!!
5	I love this place! Great service! The food is always good. My favorite red velvet pancakes.
5	My wife and I drive by one of the other locations to come here. The staff are friendly and the food is great. I take many clients here for an early breakfast meeting.
4	It's the perfect place for breakfast. Order the adobo fried rice for sure.The kids love the pancakes. Solid service and the food comes quickly. Only problem is there is always a 45 minute wait for a table - any time of day. Every day. But it's worth the wait.
4	My first time here and hubby. The place was packed so we're advised to wait for 15 to 20 mins. It was Sunday and what a busy place.I ordered Portuguese sausage, eggs with garlic fried rice and house regular pancakes. Everything I tasted was delicious. Carrot pancake is to die for. The portion and preparation was excellent. The waitress is very professional and she make sure that we got all we need. I absolutely recommend these place to all my friends and would love to come back for my pancakes craving. Is it worth the wait!
3	I have been here a couple times with husband.  The pancakes are good and they have a really large variety of pancakes available.  It was really busy there but we were seated promptly and served quickly.
3	I'll start off by saying I love BabyStacks. My boyfriend is a huge Cragged Egg fan (which I am not) so getting him to even try this was a struggle. The first time I finally convinced him to give it a try he ordered the chicken fried steak. It was okay, he of course preferred the one at cracked egg, and after tasting it, I agreed. After coming back a next time, he tried the mexican skillet. That's his new go-to. I'm giving only 3 stars because of the service. Coming in for sit down, theres never a problem. Lately we've only been in the mood for take out & its only a minute drive from Desert Shores. The past 2 times we've been, the take out service has been horrible.I don't think I'll be ordering from BabyStacks anymore due to our past 2 experiences. First time, we called in to order the mexican skillet to share. The hostess said it would be about 15-20 minutes. We got there about 20 mins later, thinking we would actually be late because although they say 15-20 mins, it usually never is. It took an additional 20 mins for our food to come out!!!!! 40 mins for takeout on one item? okay, I get it, they're busy.. but PLEASE give me an according time. It bugged me, but I understand it happens, so I let it go. A few weeks later we decided to order the same thing. We called in and its the same 15-20 mins. We got there in about 17 and were greeted by a new hostess. We told her we were here for pickup but she informed us the hostess was in the bathroom and she had not learned the system to cash us out yet (not her fault). So instead of waiting in front of the tiny cashier table because people were sitting on the bench to our left, we took a step back to give the people some room. Upon waiting 5 mins, a group of ladies walked up to the cashier to check out and stood in front of us. While the new hostess watched. My boyfriend wanted to say something but I told him to not to, reassuring him that the new hostess would tell the other hostess that we were there first. 5-6 mins later the hostess came out. I decided to try to inform her that we were there first(nicely) while she was walking towards us just incase the new girl forgot. I started out with "Hi...." and immediately got cut off with a "I'll be right with you" Being a hostess for 4 years and now a server, I thought that was extremely rude. So she proceeds to the cash register and starts checking out the ladies who stood in front of us, while the new girl watched and didn't say anything. Of course they wanted to spilt their bill. Another 4 minutes. After receiving our food, we took a bite in the car because I was starving, and to no surprise found our food to be extremely cold. The ladies cutting in front of us was not the hostess' fault, but to cut me off trying to tell her, is. I was so upset after this experience; it bugged me so bad I highly doubt I will be returning. Not for a good while at least.
5	RED VELVET PANCAKES, 'nuff said. I have been to this location many times and I love it, the service and the food are both on point. I am a regular of many of their locations and I have no complaints other than the wait time, because everyone loves this place and the locations are all pretty small.
1	Completely horrible service my meal was cold potatoes cold then said it was ridiculous she said so what, too bad you ate some rude manager dont go hear they are garbafe!!! Go to cracked egg if you want a good meal!!!
1	This restaurant is overated, told them service was bad, lousy food was cold, manager came over and was just as rude as server, if you don't want complaints do it rite, the first time. If you want a great meal go to the egg and I or cracked egg where they care about there customers and feed back. To big for there bridges horrible food, horrible service, horrible managment!!!!
5	Great pancakes !  The pancakes come with all your eggs and the service is quick and friendly.  Such a great find for those traveling through town.   I had the hashbrowns with the sausage links and banana pancakes and eggs.  I wish we had this place in California.
5	Absolutely delicious! I've been to 2 different locations and this one is a little smaller, but less crowded than the other. The service was very friendly, quick, efficient. We were seated right away (I mean, it was 7am so...obviously it wasn't very crowded). Took our orders right away and they were also ready quickly.Both times I've been, I got a "skillet," which is a type of meat and combination of veggies and cheese on top of some country potatoes with 2 eggs any style on top. I know this place is named after its pancakes, but honestly, if I don't have some none-carbohydrate food in the morning, I get hungry again 20 minutes later. 20 pancakes? Hungry in 20 minutes. 20 pancakes and 1 egg? Hungry in...many hours. I had the carnitas skillet (delicious) and some sort of chicken skillet (very good) and was very pleased with those decisions.Over 20 flavors of pancakes make this your toughest decision of the morning. I think pretty much any way you go, you'll get something delicious. I've had the PB & banana and the plain banana and both were fantastic; my older sis raved over the chocolate mint chip 'cakes as well. Anything you're into, they put in a pancake here, and they'll sub in flavored pancakes for the plain ones to any skillet or omelet meal. Definitely do that.Highly recommend, the earlier in the morning you can go the better! Can't wait for my next trip here!
4	Yum, yummy! My official new favorite breakfast place, the Baby Stacks on Smoke Ranch and Buffalo. We received a friendly greeting and were seated quickly. It was more like brunch time when we got there and it wasn't packed, but most of the tables were full. I ordered the white chocolate macadamia pancakes with hash browns and bacon. My daughter had the kalua pig eggs benedict. Delicious all around and the bacon was thick sliced and cooked perfectly. Only negative was the two eggs on the benedict didn't match, one was cooked hard, the other was properly runny.It's a small, cozy restaurant. If you're looking for waiters in tuxedos, this isn't your spot. But if you want a homestyle breakfast served by friendly people with a tv up in the corner showing the game, try Baby Stacks.
5	If you get here around 7am you will have no wait so that's the best time to come here!!  The food is always delicious!!  Red velvet carrot, & bananas foster pancakes are what I e tried so far and they are all delicious!!  The service is always great too!
4	We waited 1hr for our food. It was packed when we went. We also were behind parties of 6 and 7. The food was really good and we were not in a hurry. For us it was worth the wait. One thing I don't like is the Orange juice was small and no refills for $2.59.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE.  Definitely need to go to the gym before and after though.  Specialty pancakes instead of bread with almost all dishes for an extra buck or two.  I recommend the Cookies n Cream (which have been a constant special for months), or peanut butter banana.  Huntington skillet is awesome, as is the breakfast burrito.  I have been there several times and there is always a wait, but it is worth it.  Highly recommend.  :)
