4	I live no where near a Some Burros....and it is probably a good thing...because I would go there way too often!  They are quick, cheap and have some of the best beans out there.  I also have major cravings for the Boracho Burro, which is a green chile beef burro smothered with more sauce and topped with sour cream and guacamole.  I love this place so much I sometimes make up excuses to go to Chandler Fashion Center just so I can eat here!  I sometimes grab takeout if I am in the area for work and bring it back to my office.  They lose a star for not giving you free chips with take-out orders...but other than that...for "fast food" they are excellent!
5	Came here w/ the hubster's. I've actually been craving this for some time now. The pollo fundido is great! So goooooood! Its a pretty big portion. The rest of the food looks really fresh too. The best part is that they have churros! Great prices and food!
5	This is another place on my regular lunch rotation.  I have been eating at Someburros for years frequenting the locations in Tempe and Gilbert as well as this location by Chandler MallThis is deli style.  You go to the counter and order, they give you a number, and then bring the food to your table.  The restaurant is always clean and well staffed.The food at Someburros is on par with any good Mexican restaurant in the Valley, but it is fast and inexpensive.   Most adult meals with drink will cost about $8.  Kids cost 1/2 that.  I usually get one of the burritos.  Lately the Crudo Burro is my favorite.  It is shredded beef with SPICY tomatillo sauce.  Do not order this unless you can handle spicy food.  I also like the Rod Burro and the Poncho Villa.  I really like the rice, as well.  Someburros also has large party platters.  A number of times we have purchased party platters for a gathering at our house.  Our guests always devour the food and rave about it.  It is a relatively inexpensive way to cater a party.Someburros is a great place for lunch and a relatively inexpensive way to feed the family.  If you have not tried it, definitely check it out.
2	So, on the spectrum of Taco Bell to Baja Fresh, this was a small step up from Taco Bell. I decide I want to try to get something slightly healthy and start looking at the salads; maybe that was my first mistake. I asked about the Chicken and Avocado salad. The young girl behind the counter said there were beans on the salad. When I asked if they were black or pinto, she said, "I think they are kinda like pinto." Telling me that she really doesn't know the difference . . . maybe something they should cover in training. Side note, the salad did not have beans on it. Something else they might want to cover in training.Then I asked about the picante salad dressing. The response was a sweet/hot dressing. When the salad arrived, I would have called it PACE Picante. I don't mind PACE, but lets be honest about what is being served.The chips that they gave me while I was waiting were a little over done, however the hot sauce in the squeeze bottle was pretty good.Now, some my say it is my own fault for ordering a salad at a place like this, however I think there are plenty of Mexican Food restaurants that have delicious salads, Baja Fresh being one of them. So, if you are looking for a salad, don't go here. If you want a 5 lb burrito to make you sluggish for the rest of the day, maybe it will be good - I wouldn't know. Either way, I won't be going back. Honestly, I'd rather go to Taco Bell.
4	We eat here about every 10 days.  Always for dinner (when it's my night to cook).  Food is good - to - real good.  Service is way above average because the girl that buses the tables and my family now know each other on sight.  It's that personal relationship that makes it all good.  Next visit I am going to learn her name.Price is good for the quality and the amount of food we get.See you again in about 10 days...
5	Someburros was the official restaurant of choice of the elementary school I taught at in Chandler. With good reason. The bean and chicken burrito will change your life.
3	The customer service at this location was excellent. The cashiers and server were very nice and helpful. The problem is they cook almost everything in lard and don't seem big on sharing that with customers. We discovered this after asking a few employees, and we were happy that they helped us find something that wasn't cooked in lard. Unfortunately, it ended up being a cold chicken salad with no seasoning, but the customer service was still great.
5	The Barracho Burro is amazing!  Also, if you love Pollo Fundido then you absolutely must try theirs.  They give unlimited chips and their own unique salsa.It's not really greasy and "unhealthy feeling" the way some fast-food mexican food can be.  You get large portions with high quality ingredients that taste amazing.  I moved out of state but if I come back I'm here for nearly 2 meals a day, no joke.
4	I never have a problem finding something good to eat at Someburros.  Some of my favorite items to eat here are the tacos.  The shell is perfectly crispy, with juicy shredded chicken (or beef), and even better when you put the hot sauce/salsa on it.  Another favorite is the rod burro, which is a huge burrito filled with chorizo and beef enchilada style.  In addition to tasty eats, they have refreshing horchata to go with your meal.
4	The Pollo Fundido is outrageously good.  Light and flaky shell, well seasoned chicken...spot on all around.  I also occasionally will pop in just to get a taco or two if I need to take care of a crunch fix.  Great salsa and I love that it's authentic Sonoran Mexican food without having to commit to a sit down restaurant.  I do have a little hole in the wall Sonoran Mexican joint that's been in Phoenix for 40 years that is slightly better (if not just because of childhood nostalgia), but to cover my bases all over the rest of the Phoenix Rural/Metro area, Someburros gets my vote.
5	Tried this Someburros for the first time tonight. Excellent as usual. This is some of the best Mexican fast food you can get. And they make excellent hot sauce!!!
4	The red chili burro is fantastic. Every time. Sometimes this Some Burros takes fooooorrreeevvvveerr to get you your food though. At least, far longer than semi-fast food Mexican should take. It's been more than once. Just sayin.
4	They have really good chips and salsa. The crudo burro was spicy but not too spicy where it takes the flavor of the food.  The carne Asda tacos were ok, nothin to special. The beans were not too good however the rice was tasty.
4	always a good choice for fast, yummy food!
3	This is a typical weekend stop for the family.  I didn't like it much when we first started going but the place has really grown on me.  It is always clean, the kids working there are friendly, it is fast and the prices are good.  My wife always gets a veggie burro that comes with what most places call pico but they call chunky salsa.  Their pico comes with avacod so we always grab a cup of that.  The kids eat rice and beans with the chips and also and always enjoy it.  Their regular salsa is more like a hot sauce.I rotate through several dishes, the rod burro (probably my fav), the poncho villa, crudo, burracho burro.  All are good.  I don't care for the carna asada burro  - it comes with rice inside and I don't care for that.  The carne asada taco plate is great with some pico or guac.  The pollo fundido is good but not a flavorful as the other burros.plain and sweetened iced teas are fresh brewed and good (at least the plain tea is I never drink sweet tea).
3	I like Someburros.  It's nothing fancy but they have good mexican food and quick service.  The red sauce is tasty.  I would't really travel out of my way to get here, but if I want mexican and I am near by I head in.They have much better parking at this location than the one on baseline.
4	Awesome place to eat lunch, food is good quality and the breakfast burrito's are great. Gets busy during lunch time but if the weather is nice you can always sit outside. Staff is friendly and you don't have to wait too long for them to bring you your food. Overall good place to eat
3	all around solid mexcan food restaurant. if you're looking for authentic though I'd look somewhere else this is Caucasian style mexican food.
2	Not that great but just ok. The spiccy beef burro was good....thought the beef taste different from other beef o eat....maybe it is donkey meat. Not a bad environment and friendly staff. Them my tummy hurt bad after ten minutes of eating....maybe it was food i aye earlier or maybe not. So if it taste funny...then throw it away.
4	Tasty, fast service, clean restaurant.  Gets a little crazy with the kids sometimes, but they cater to families, so what can you expect?  Shredded beef tacos and pollo fundido are great!  Really like the beans and rice (rice is moist and flavorful).
2	The food was OK. Finding a scorpion burned on a chip, kind of made me loss my appetite
4	This is where my wife and kids like to go after shopping at Target.  They always order shredded beef tacos.I like their chips and salsa.  It's the perfect amount of heat for me.Their dining room and bathrooms are always kept clean.  Their staff provides a pretty good level of customer service.
3	Ordered two different chimis.  Red beef and machca.The red beef was ok.  Although be ready to taste it again in a few hours.  The machca beef was more shredded beef (not a bad thing) than machca.On the menu both come enchilada style which, quite frankly, is something I don't get.  So we passed on that.  Otherwise it was served with melted cheese ( kind of a weird texture/constancy), sour cream and guacamole.  Sour cream was sour cream.  Guacamole was ok, although the avocados could have been mashed a little more.Chips were good but I found the salsa to be a little hotter than I prefer.Overall not bad.
3	This place is a bit different than the one in Tempe.They have on the menu Hot Tea, but when we asked the girl for Tea she said, we don't have that! But, it is on the menu, she said, it is???Their  menu is up on the wall.So then we said, ok how about coffee? (also on the menu)  She said, well, we have to make it.OK never mind.Other than that the food is very good, the bathrooms are clean and the place itself is nice and clean.it is worth the visit, their salsa is great!
4	I always visit this place every time I'm back home from school. The food is very tasty and the restaurant is clean. I usually order shredded beef tacos or the shredded beef chimichanga, and I am usually always very pleased. The only slight con about this place is that their prices are quite a bit higher than more Mexican restaurants that are a bit more authentic.
4	Always good lunch. But dont forget them for breakfast burros. I find there food is good american mexican.
4	Its Sat night, and we have ran around all day and the last thing I wanted to do was cook some dinner, so I asked my son and daughter what do they want for dinner and they just looked at me with the deer in the headlight look, so I knew it was up to me to find the place.I remembered that Some Burros was next to the Chandler Mall, now I have had Some Burros before, use to work near by the one on baseline & mill & sometimes work has them cater events, and once the thought Some Burros got into my head I was craving their hot sauce, have you tried it yet? Omg it's a good hot sauce, goes perfectly with chips and food.So I told them that's where I am headed, so off we went. My daughter ordered 2 beef tamales with red sauce & beans & rice, my son had the carne asada burro with beans & rice and they both liked their dish, my son even said he will go back, and that's a big deal because he is a picky teenager hahaI had the pollo fundino, the chunks of chicken were very tender, the flour tortilla was fried perfectly, not too hard & not to soft, oh but that jalapeno cream cheese is to die for! Love that stuff!! It was the perfect dinner for a sat night!
1	I ordered food for 40 people this past weekend and when I got there to pick it up I was shocked to see how small little there was. This was not going to feed 40! The manager told me that their serving sizes are based on what they presume a person eats, which is (1) serving size... What?!  You mean most people don't serve themselves twice?? I know I do. I ordered Chile Verde and it did not look like Chile "Verde" it was a brown ugly color and not green???  All the food was Waaaaaay too salty and I was very embarrassed by it!!  I will Never order from Somburros Ever again!!!
4	A negative review of Someburro's can only come from the mind of the clinically insane.  Their food is always superb, but most importanly, it's consistent.  It's impossible for me to eat here less than twice a month, so I must maintain an intense workout regimen to offset the calorie onslaught.  I would drink the hot sauce by the gallon if not for fear of liquefying my gastrointestinal system. Having a rough day? A Pollo Fundido or Rod Burro can turn just about anyone's frown upside down in a hurry. The owners have carefully and slowly grown the brand, careful not to compromise quality or consistency.  Bravo for your many years of excellent restaurateuring!
5	So I work right down the street from this place and I eat lunch here at least once a week.The set up of this place is somewhat unique. When you walk in, you walk up to the counter to order your food. If you order a combo meal they give you tortilla chips and this really good hot salsa. When your food is ready they bring it out to you. I always get the same thing here: veggie burro without cheese or tomatoes, add extra cilantro. The burro is a pretty decent size and it's full of delicious pinto beans, cilantro, avocado, and onions. I can get that and a small drink for $7, which is not bad. The staff is usually very friendly and welcoming and the place is kept pretty clean.It is good for small-medium sized groups as there is ample seating and booths. They also have plenty of outdoor seating.
5	Someburros has amazing chorizo, enchiladas, chimichangas, salads, churros, and pretty much anything else you'd want. I love their original Tempe restaurant, and the Chandler restaurant is just as good.The staff is great and the place is clean and inviting. I couldn't love it more (I come almost once a week.)
4	Quick, easy, and tasty Mexican food.  I ordered a kids meal cause I wanted a churro (it was not good ha) and also a smothered burrito.  The tortilla was really good, tasted fresh and homemade.  Not sure if it was though.  And the chile was great.  Busy on Sunday after church so we had to stalk other tables and sit down right when they stood up.  Pretty hot inside, but It's AZ...what do I expect right?
2	Nothing Special.  Just another ok Mexican place in Arizona.  Blah
4	Not bad... really!
3	I actually like this place, but today my experience was not good... why?well I can't believe the price of their "bean and cheese" is actually more than a beef one? ... on top the beans they added was probably equivalent to a scoop.. mostly toritlla.. what a rip off!  Once again, I do enjoy their food but I better find me a more reasonably priced place.. or one that actually serves what you pay for..
4	We love Someburros!  I have been going to their restaurants for 25 years.  This location is newer and nicer then the Tempe location by far.   You order at the counter and they bring your meal to you.The food is not greasy for Mexican food, it comes quickly, is warm, and delicious!  The food is also cheap,  They give you a ton of chips while you wait, and they will refill them at the counter if you ask.I like the bean burro a la carte, but everything here is good.  They also serve beer too if you want.Try their party platters, they are reasonably priced and great for football season.  They also can be picked up a few hours after ordering.  Also try their Xmas tamales.
1	Usually love this place. But tonight I tried ordering to go and the guy Daniel kept fighting me on the menu and that I was ordering wrong. I have been ordering the same thing since it first opened. I know what it is and what it comes with. He was arguing  with me. So of course I hung up. I called again 10 min later to try again and maybe get someone else and he was still fighting me on it. I hung up because at this point I am furious. I am calling tonight to talk to a manager because customer service is #1 to me and he made it horrible. I love this place but his fighting me is making me not want to go there for awhile.
2	With all the good Mexican food in the area, I am surprised this place stays in business. I mean seriously, I can't think of Mexican place that is worse than Some burros. The salsa taste like watered down ketchup with salt pepper and a little spice. My sons cheese quesadilla was scant on the cheese  my carne asada burro was dry and not flavorful at all. I am usually not this harsh, but I have been here and twice and have been underwhelmed both times.
2	Ordered pollo fundido.. it was unedible.  Cut into the burrito and water drained out leaving the burro in a puddle.  Chicken appeared canned.  Hot sauce is good.  Posting a pic to show how the chicken looks.
5	I've been eating at Someburros since the early 90's in Tempe.  It has been great to see them open up more facilities in SE valley.. The big plus is the fact that their food is consistently delicious on all 4 sites.. My favorite is the Beef Chimi with Red Sauce.. You can't go wrong.. Oh, how can I forget.. Their chips and sauce are very addicting..
1	If by burrito you mean a large corn tortilla taco then I guess some burritos are not created equally. Terrible and bland taste, nothing like what I expected. I probably should have read some reviews before ordering. Everything including salsa costs extra... I literally walked out without eating.
2	We went to this place for lunch and ordered the Carne Asada burrito.  It was okay, there was not a lot of meat in the burrito and for the price we felt we could have gone somewhere else and gotten more for our money.  The chips were kind of stale and they only had one kind of hot sauce.  The employees were really friendly and gave great customer service.  But overall I would probably not come here again for the Carne Asada.
4	Every time I go for lunch the restaurant is spotless. They must have a designated cleaning staff. A family of four can easily eat well for about $30. The food is always well prepared. Never had a bad meal. Very much traditional Mexican fare.
2	Came for lunch around 2pm on Friday (yes I know I have weird lunch schedule if I need to leave office). Ordered taco salad. When I was asked what kind of dressing, I should've known to change my order. Taste was blah, too much beans, no salsa. Meat tasted like Taco Bell's taco. Not impressed at all. 1 star for food.  Service was average, 3 stars.
3	Ate here last sat.  It was decent for a chain.  Had a green chili burro and it was good.  Definitely better than Taco Bell!!  Elmers and Reynosos really set the bar high for Mexican food restaurants, so it's hard for other places to compare.  Clean environment, speedy service, and service with a smile.
5	Went here for lunch (@10am) with my coworker friends and this place was amazing!!!  The service was fast and friendly!   The food was delicious. I ordered the mini chimi & it was larger than expected. I also ordered the Pollo Fundido & it was delish!!  Definitely going back!
5	Delicious as always! I love their tacos, burritos, and rice and beans. The price is right for a quick lunch! Chips and salsa are always on point.
4	I don't think you can go wrong with anything you choose to order here. Our red Chile beef chimichanga, shredded beef taco and enchilada were all loaded with meat and very tasty. Even the salsa and guacamole were very good. Drive thru is for phone order pick ups only. 726-Taco
3	My wife and I just went here and were impressed with the cleanliness and overall atmosphere. She ordered the green corn tamale and cheese enchilada plate. I ordered the Diablo Scramble which included chorizo, eggs, potatoes, cheese, jalapenos, refried beans and warm tortillas. Everything was very good and I couldn't even finish it. My wife enjoyed everything except the cheese enchilada, which she couldn't finish. I must admit that their cheese was pretty poor quality. Otherwise, we enjoyed our breakfast and will be returning. Mariachi music added to the experience.
3	To be honest, I have not tried a lot of items at Someburros but what I have tried would not bring me back for more. On my last visit I had asked the cashier what he would recommend on the menu. He gave me a few of his favorites and I decided to go with the machaca shredded beef burro with red sauce. We also got chips and salsa with our order. When the burrito came out it was hot and when I cut into it, it shot out piping hot liquid right on my lap. Not necessarily the burritos fault but still not a good start. The burrito itself was a salt disaster. The amount of salt in burrito tasted as though they went over to the pacific ocean, dipped it in a few times and let it dry. The salt lick burrito is what it should be called. I know that sounds harsh but it is an accurate description, at least on this visit.The good thing is that the manager did replace it with a bean and cheese burrito. It was okay. I would not come back for it. The service was good so they do deserve credit for that.Mostly I just feel like things are prepared before hand, frozen and then reheated. I'm sure that is the case in many restaurants like this but unfortunately Someburros just does not do well. I might be back to try other items and to give them another shot. But for now, I'm just not feeling it.
4	This is a good place to eat for authentic Mexican food.  Their tacos are excellent especially their shredded beef and shredded chicken.  I also am a big fan of their folded cheese crisps.  Their tamales are just so-so though.
1	Very disappointed, I ordered nachos and I received 6 chips with cheese  and jalepenos that cost me $5. To top that off it was cold when I got it. Worst nachos I have ever ordered.
