3	I always love to try new places for breakfast so I met my girlfriend at the recently opened "The Egg I Am". Not quite sure why they didn't stick to the franchise name of "The Egg and I" as it is listed on line under that site. I had no expectations whatsoever. I'm tired of going to new places with high expectations and then being so disappointed. I walked into a very lovely brightly lit dining area with ample, but not crowded, seating. They have lots of booths (always my first choice for seating). Unfortunately, the place smelled a little "eggy" but they wore off shortly after I was seated (within a couple of minutes). Our waiter was very friendly . . . he had a big smile and a fantastic attitude. He explained the various types of coffee they serve . . . including a Rainforest Blend (Rainforest Alliance Certified) which was deep, bold and delicious. I had the Athena Scramble which was yummy. I hate when eggs are overcooked and these were just perfect! The asparagus, Portobello mushrooms and feta cheese were plentiful -- no skimping here. The ranch potatoes were okay, not bad, not great. I picked out the crispy ones which were the best of the lot and wished I had asked them to burn them . . . then they would have been just right. My friend had the raisin french toast which she enjoyed, but then wished she had ordered the pancakes. I have to say, the raisin french toast smelled so good with its dollop of cinnamon butter. I can still smell it now. Both the breakfast and lunch menus have many choices, both decadent and healthy, and the prices are extremely reasonable. I have a feeling I'll be going back often.
2	I'm giving this place two stars only because my burger actually tasted pretty good when it arrived.The place had just been opened for a couple of days when I dined there, so hopefully they've sorted out some of their issues.  There was a very eggy smell to the whole place, and several flies kept buzzing around our table.  It was a hot day, but it usually is in the valley and I cannot remember ever eating in any restaurant with flies bothering me so much.  There were a couple of very friendly and attentive servers in there, but neither of them were mine.  It took way too long for my server to come and take my drink order.  When he finally did, he seemed a little lethargic and uncertain--maybe he was new to waiting tables and trying to figure otu what to do? I ordered a burger and chips.  I ordered a kid's meal for my child--eggs, sausage, toast.  I noticed a hair on the sausage.  Yuck! I told the waiter and they replaced the meal, and the manager took it off the check--good practice, but not good enough to make me want to eat there again.   The whole experience just felt kind of icky.
4	I didn't know what to expect from the Egg I Am (aside from eggs). The menu is quite large; I found myself debating between breakfast and lunch.  From the breakfast side, the whole wheat pancakes looked yummy, as did the omelets and "Egg-ceptional" dishes.  Yet the chicken spinach salad was tempting...same with the grilled chicken sandwich (I'm partial toward chicken).My final decision?  An egg white and veggie omelet from the "healthy options" section. It was fresh, fluffy and all-around delicious.   They're still working out some of the kinks in the kitchen (a few of our dishes were missing a couple components), but the energy and promptness of the staff make up for this.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their meal and it was nice that no one was waiting too long for their dishes (it gets tricky serving 20 people at once...).  All around a solid choice for breakfast.
5	This a new place in the neighborhood and I just love it!! I had one of the skillet breakfasts and it was egg-celent!! I kill me!! Anyway, they have a large variety of food and the portions are generous!  They also freshly squeeze both their apple and orange juices!! Becky was our server and she was awesome!! If you go there, ask for Becky and ask her to ask you about fresh cake and a ski mountain in Aspen!! lol!!  Great friendly place!!
5	My first time visiting this place and I really liked it. Service was really good, but more important the food was excellent. I ordered their salad, soup & half sandwich combo. I'm not a potato soup lover, but I really enjoyed their version-- topped with bacon and chives...YUMMY! I didn't expect the sandwich to be as good as it was. Lots of good turkey meat with fresh avocado, bacon, tomato on sourdough. I even really enjoyed the side salad because of the delicious balsamic dressing. I would definitely go back!
3	Nothing spectacular, just the usual eggs, pancake, soup, salad, and sandwich spot.  The owner is very friendly.  The waiter we had was overly so:  calling the men at the table buds and buddies.  A word to the owner, and they were sirs and gentlemen on his next trip to take an order.
3	Comfortable setting, good menu, main courses tasty.  Two requests of "the egg".......step up your coffee - it's too weak.... and..... syrup for pancakes is watery and tasteless.  Overall.....good enough to give you another chance.
4	I actually think this breakfast place deserves a 4.5 star rating but there isn't one here. There are a lot of breakfast places in Scottsdale but they all sort of taste the same - except for this one. And it's not just that the whole wheat pancakes with blueberry compote are moist and delicately delicious - my son had the scrammies with turkey sausage and potatoes and the eggs were delicately flavored, the sausage was generous and well seasoned, and the potatoes were crisp - not mushy like many places. There is plenty of wait staff around and everyone is extremely pleasant. You get the impression that these folks really like their jobs. The atmosphere is friendly neighborhood - not commercial establishment.I got take-out a few weeks ago and it was a s good as the dine-in. This place is great.
2	Two stars might be a stretch. And we wanted this to be good as it is a short bike ride from our house.  We ordered a Mexican platter and hash and eggs.  The hash was tasteless. Nothing there, it looked like it came out of a frozen bag or something. The Mexican platter could have been good, but half of the the potato chunks were raw and it was supposed to come with chorizo. Well, when we sent it back to the kitchen they said it indeed had chorizo in it. There was either such a fine trace of it or they don't know what chorizo is. The good, the server let us start over with new orders so we tried pancakes and French toast. These were okay, but just okay, nothing special. I think what breakfast places miss is that for $10 a plate you have to make it a little better than just ok. The decor was nice and the coffee was good. Server handled the situation well, but was really disappointed that the manager (or the person that might have been an owner) didn't ever come by to say something.Probably 1.5 stars, but wont go back, would rather have a dingy hole in the wall with food that has some flavor...
3	Wanted to give this place a try as the newest breakfast place in Scottsdale and was not impressed at all.  Three adults one child $48.00.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy with three eggs (medium) the eggs came cold with hard yolks.  The gravy was good as I like alot of pepper however the potatos were also hard and you could tell they had been cooked some time ago and then overcooked in an attempt to reheat.  I actually pick one up and dropped it on the table and it bounced like a marble.  My daughter had the french toast and stated that it was good although it too came cold.  We were there at 10am on December 12 and it was not even 25% full yet our food was very sub par.  If anyone thinks this place is a standout they are simply mistaken even the hard wooden benches and decor are a copy of The Good Egg.  I found no feel of home cooking in this place and will certainly not be back anytime soon.  On a positive note the service was decent to bad the cooks couldn't team up.Update:  I originally gave this place 2 stars however my wife went here a couple days ago and really enjoyed the food so to be fair I am adding a star and will give them another chance.  She said the food was fast, fresh and the service was good.  Ill let you know how it goes.
5	My family came to the opening of this new restaurant -- a variant of the "Good Egg" and "U.S. Egg" theme, though unrelated -- and REALLY liked the menu, the atmosphere and most particularly the service. The waffles are HUGE and tasty.  Their omelets are fluffy and filled with interesting combinations (they'll custom-build yours if you like) ... their Eggs Benedict are amazing.  I haven't tried everything on the menu yet, but everything sure looks good, and each has a little creative twist that takes it out of the ordinary.  They serve different strengths of coffee in carafes; I prefer the "bold" flavor. Our business networking group used to meet Thursday mornings at the IHOP a mile or so to the west, until food, management and service at IHOP became so awful we had to look for another place.  We found it at "The Egg I Am", which has been our regular meeting place for several weeks now, and a five-star experience for every one in the group.  (Why do they not use the name "The Egg and I" like the rest of the chain?  I guess because that name was already copyrighted to another entity in Arizona.  So they chose a name that sounds kind of Dr.-Seuss-ian ... and just BTW, our regular server's name is Sam.  They might even make green eggs.  You could ask.)   =D
4	Really enjoyed breakfast here.  Food was delicious and wait staff was friendly .  I've been looking for a place in Scottsdale that understands that green chile is a must-have breakfast condiment, and I've finally found it!  When the meals arrived they were hot, perfectly cooked, and large portions.  Two minor quibbles:  the food was a little slow arriving (almost 30 minutes from the time we sat down), and I like my coffee a little stronger.  Overall, an enjoyable dining experience, terrific food, and we'll definitely be back.
4	Love this breakfast spot!  -Coffee: There's different FLAVORS like Vanilla Nut and Hazelnut and Regular(free refills)-Great place for a meeting or just to have breakfast/brunch with friends-lots of parking- don't forget to pick up a frequent diner's punch card!
2	Went there for the first time today.  I found the staff to be available and attentive.  It was around 10:30 and very few tables were full. I ordered a greek salad, without the chicken.  It was good, but small.  When I got the check it was for the full amount of the salad (with chicken) and it was $9.95!!  I inquired about the pricing since I did not have the chicken and the reply from the waitress and the hostess was, that is the price either way.  Okay, I get that, but it was not a lot of salad and for the price I felt it was too much.  I order things all the time without meat and usually the price is adjusted reflecting the lack of meat. Oh well, just so so and had to go home and forage some more, as I was still hungry.Probably won't go back.
4	I really enjoy this breakfast joint! The service is always prompt and the place is very clean.  I enjoy their skillet breakfasts and the french toast isn't bad. I also like that they have different kinds of coffee.
4	I have eaten here a few times and have enjoyed every meal.  The portions are generous and the prices are fair.  I don't think it's the healthiest food around, but if you want a good breakfast, this should definitely be on your list.  My dad also liked this place and he doesn't like eggs, so it's hard for him to find breakfast places that will cater to his aversion.  He asks for an extra english muffin instead of eggs, and the waitress was very accommodating.
2	There are much better breakfast places in the area. Food is mediocre at best. This is the third time I've been for breakfast. Wait staff is nice enough. Ordered corn beef has and poached eggs. The hash was blackend (burnt) and the poached eggs were hard poached. The place wasn't busy at all. Not impressed.
2	The hazelnut coffee here is amazing!  I wish I could say the same about service.  My two children and I waited almost two hours to get our food.  We were told that the waitress dropped the plates the first time so they had to remake the food.  I am not surprised because I have never seen so many dropped plates and spills.  It was a comedy of errors.  The waitress spilled cream all over our table and then had an attitude with the kids when they asked her to clean it up.  She actually left cream on the chairs, in my bag, etc.  Not a good experience.To make it worse, the owner was there and never once came to our table to apologize for the delay or make an effort to smooth things over.  It is not easy keeping a 4 and 8 year old quiet when they have to wait so long for breakfast.The food was below average.  The pancakes were very dense and dry.  There are much better breakfast places in Scottsdale which is a shame because the coffee is really good.
4	A perfect way to start the day!Just had breakfast here and it was great! Staff was friendly, owner was available and attentive. Did not feel rushed to get out like at so many local breakfast places. Noise level was very low (again, not like other places that assault your ears first thing). Food came out fast. Caraf of coffee and water (so appreciated!) Prices were great! We had french toast - great! With REAL warmed maple syrup. And eggs benedict - yummy! Cooked to perfection. I love that it is locally owned and the owner is there making sure things go ok.
4	Good utility breakfast.  They have an excellent Tortilla soup.  My father in law had Philly Cheese Steak Eggs Benedict with hollandaise  on the side.  I opted for one of their skillets.  Now that Dragon fly closed down  I'm bummed, but this place definitely hit the spot.  Service was also great!
4	My husband and I love this place, good breakfast setting in the nice neighborhood of Scottsdale Ranch.  They offer several choices for Eggs Benedict including a vegetarian choice.  However, the cook has a tendency to overcook the poached eggs...  But if you say someting about it to your server, they are very gracious and will replace it immediately to make things right.  They have a variety of coffee flavors, bottomless of course!  Healthy choices are available for the sportsminded or those who like to fill up on protein.  Good choices for the vegetarian eaters and yes, kid's meal is available too.  For those who are not big egg eaters, they have other choices too.  Lunch choices is on the menu. Service is good, super friendly staff.  Definitely worth a try!
4	It's the Good Egg, except it's more consistent and the food seems fresher.
5	Located at the corner of Via Linda and Mountain View, The Egg I Am is an unassuming gem!My daughter and I went for a late brunch today. The restaurant closes at 2:30, so, by the time we got there at 1:45, we pretty much had free reign of the place. We noticed a sign saying that the patio was open for seating, but surprisingly, it was too cold for us to sit there today, as it was completely shaded when we were seated. Instead, we opted to sit by one of the large windows that overlooked Via Linda.The owner seated us, and gave us each a menu. Now, having a toddler, I'm accustomed to seeing kids menus with crayons to placate the children as they wait for their food. However, The Egg I Am does't use crayons, they use colored pencils. I know that probably doesn't sound very earth shattering, but it was different, and a nice touch. It's nice to see a place try and do things a little differently.The food itself is fantastic! My daughter ordered off of the children's menu, as everything there is just under $5.00. She opted for the kids' cheeseburger with fresh fruit. I had to do a double take when her plate arrived, because the burger was huge! It was easily 1/4lb. Needless to say, my three-year-old could only finish about a quarter of the burger during our visit. It DID make for nice leftovers, though.I, trying to maintain some semblance of a healthy diet, opted for the Vera Cruz Chicken and Avocado Omelette http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#gXr_sj61JYixeVVAZkn_Vw. This is an egg white omelette with diced chicken, tomatoes, onions and green chiles, topped with cheddar and Monterey Jack cheeses and fresh avocado, served with a side of fresh fruit and a small bowl of salsa. It is nothing short of spectacular, imho http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#FA7aEbJm-oAuPt2xptQ8ww. It's one of those meals, that no matter how large the portions may be, you'll always wish there was just one more bite!Interesting side note: as we finished up our meals, two ladies sat behind us, and started asking questions about the menu. I happened to overhear that the restaurant makes their soups fresh each and every day.This is a great place to come for breakfast, lunch, or brunch. One note of caution: be mindful of the hours of operation. The Egg I Am is never open past 2:30 in the afternoon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/G9r4WJwmrNbt75kF3Fnxtw?select=ggmQxiCJgJM41S3nWZuijA#3PIa9nVtZc5NOcTf2dWcZw. So, plan accordingly, and ENJOY!
5	Stopped in during a recent 3 day stay for the Phoenix Open.  Ended up eating here every morning.  Great service, food, coffee.  I'm not a heavy breakfast person, but the variety here gave plenty of choices.  Had the Artichoke Benedict Florentine first day, and then got hooked on the dressed up oatmeal (granola, blueberries, raspberries on top, fruit on side) next 2 days.  Great breakfasts, filling and healthy choices, and the price was right.  Our servers were friendly and fast every day.  (Wed, Thu, Fri)  Highly recommended.
1	God's waiting room.  The food was good and service adequate but this restaurant attracts a crowd easily in its 90s, rude, cranky, and assumes it deserve everything on the planet at everyone else's expense.  This was our first visit and our last due solely to the clientele.  Might be worth a visit when everyone goes back to Illinois or Nebraska. But we will cook eggs on the stove before setting food in this place again.
2	After much prodding from my Sister in Law, we went.  Awful.  The eggs on my plate were overdone, while my daughters plate was raw.  My husband's omelet was wrong and we didn't even get a sorry.  We felt rushed to eat and leave.
4	I've been here a couple times.  It's pretty basic, but it's not very pricey and it's pretty good food.I'm really impressed by the Bacon, the size of the Pancakes, the Egg-Ceptional Omelette, and the very fast service.I wouldn't say it's better food overall than "Breakfast Club," "Orange Table," or "Morning Squeeze," but if you're in the area, you could do worse than "The Egg I Am."
4	My husband and son stopped by this little gem of a breakfast place.  Great menu variety.  Love the patio area, its so nice to sit outside for breakfast.  Food was great, service was great!  A great local breakfast spot!!
5	Absolutely awesome. Great service. Very friendly and comfortable. Very clean. Crab cakes Benedict were perfect. Crab cake stood up to the hollandaise and egg without turning mushy, and you could taste the crab. Need one if these in Ahwatukee!
5	I ventured here for a good breakfast a couple weeks ago and got WAY more than that. I came by myself but felt like I walked into a family when seated. The hostess was so kind and welcoming, the food was incredible, and don't even get me started on my waitress who made me want to change the world for better.I was hungry... like really hungry so I ordered not only an egg white omlete with fruit but a huge apple granola pancake as well. You guys... I was maybe like 7 bites away from finishing it! The omlete was cooked perfectly topped with avocado and the fruit was fresh. And, the pancake - oh my gosh so good. The granola inside the pancake was such a great unique twist.You have a few options for the kind of brew you want for your coffee and they bring it to you in a huge caraf for refills galore! This made my heart flutter.As I mentioned, I had the ultimate waitress named Michelle. Want to smile and feel nurtured with love? Ask to sit in her section - trust me! She was the best part of my experience here.
5	Breakfast is wonderful ! Our first time here loved it as we walked in the door. & was welcomed by the owner Robin . I had chile relleno & eggs YUMMY. My man went for the healthy breakfast oatmeal w fruit which was really good . We are coming back to check out the lunch menu . We are hooked. .
5	Perfect Breakfast, Impeccable Service !!!!!My wife and I stopped in for Breakfast today for our first visit.She ordered the Granola Raspberry Pancake, and I had a create your own Omelette.  Both were totally awesome, cooked to perfection.  The waitresses were very friendly and walked us through all their specials and answered all our questions.  My omelette was light and fluffy like I prefer them and the cheese was melted to perfection.  My wife's pancake was an absolute taste sensation. The Restraunt was very clean, well decorated and we got our food right away even though they were extremely busy. I found the owner at the counter and advised her how impressed and pleased we were with our breakfast selections and told her to pass on our sincere appreciation to the chef and that we would definitely be back to sample the rest of their menu.  Can't wait to try their lunch menu.
5	I've been here a few times when I have friends in town this is always the breakfast/brunch place I take them to.  On this particular visit we noticed that on the special's board they had a Salted Carmel Mocha hot chocolate so we all decided to give it a try.  Let me just say... OMG!  Rich chocolate carmel-y heaven in a glass!  The consensus around the table was... This is dangerous. I ended up ordering the Florentine Benedict with the Ranch Potatoes. The Benedict was really good, but I tend to like my eggs a tad bit runnier than what came out. Really though it wasn't that big of a deal because taste wise it was still really good.  Those ranch potatoes though, you must give them a try.  Seriously, they are always seasoned perfectly every time I visit, and are crunchy on the outside / soft and warm on the inside.  Haha there wasn't a single potato on anyone's plate when we left, they are that good. So if you're on this side of town and are looking for a breakfast/brunch type place... I'd highly recommend The Egg I Am.
4	Ive  been here a couple times because it's pretty close to my girlfriends house.  I do enjoy their food and the service is good.  Not a whole lot to say.  It's a good breafkast spot!
4	Stopped in for a quick bfast while daughter was playing tennis nearby at SRP. Had corned beef hash and eggs. They were quick, courteous and reasonably priced...especially for Scottsdale. Probably wouldn't make it a destination given all of the cool restaurants in The Phoenix area but I would definitely go back if in the area!
4	I love breakfast and will eat it three times a day if I have the chance. I also love being able to walk to a restaurant so if I stuff my piehole full of food I can bask in the delusion that that little bit of exercise will burn the food off. The Egg I Am offers breakfast deliciousness (until mid-afternoon) and within walking distance!My husband and I are creatures of habit and once we find a good thing we rarely deviate on the menu. My husband is a Benedict man and I have never been disappointed with the build-your-own omelette. I really like that they offer turkey sausage for those of us that don't eat a lot of mammals. I will keep coming back as long as they are there.
1	Horrible customer service! My boyfriend and I went there looking to try a new breakfast place. They looked a little busy but not in the weeds at all. We walked in and waited to be seated and stood there over 10 minutes without being acknowledged by the hostess who was helping people pay their tabs or by the servers who walked right passed us multiple times. We eventually walked out and went somewhere else. We will NOT be returning to try their food!!
4	Good food, reasonable prices and friendly staff! Would recommend it if you're nearby.
5	The service is friendly and fast. The food is fresh and flat out good!! I look forward to going to The egg I am because it is very consistent. Everybody is happy to help to ensure you have a pleasant meal.
2	If you like flat tasteless omelets then this is the place for you.  Normally you pour eggs in a hot pan, then lift the edges while cooking which creates a light and fluffy place to put yummy fillings.  Not here.  Instead, they slop some eggs in a pan then drop a few measly ingredients directly into the raw egg mix, flip it, fold it over and call it an omelet while resembles a folded over egg disc.  Since this method will only hold minimal ingredients without falling apart that is exactly what you get, which saves money for them and cheapens the product for us.  In addition, they most likely cooked it on low heat based on the results, you don't have to monitor it, it just congeals, hence the FLAT egg cake.  Again, saves time for them, crappy product for us.  No thanks!  Because I was visiting some acquaintances, I ended up going here two days in a row.  I actually asked the second day for a regular omelet with fillings inside, was told "okay" and got the same cheap omelet again, not to mention some other issues that happened with my food.  Anything out of the norm and they fall to pieces there.  I don't know how this place is so successful serving eggs like this.  YUCK!
5	What is bad about the food at The Egg I Am? Nothing! Food is just simply delicious. We live right down the street so, have gotten some big investment into this little breakfast place. Yum!Now the service, it could get slow pretty often unfortunately. One time we sat right in the middle of the restaurant and...our waitress didn't even know we were there until...some 20 minutes later when we decided to speak up...But that happens everywhere so, can be forgivable. As long as they keep your food good, I am fine!
5	Had breakfast for Fathers Day with a party of 12.  We were seated and served promptly.  The food was at our table very soon after ordering and it tasted great.  I really liked this place.  The hostess and waitress were great!  I will return!
5	This is one of those restaurants you'll treat like your hair stylist.  You'll keep their location to yourself so they don't get too busy.  Believe me, they can handle the rush.  Mom and pop owned, you'll feel like you're at home with consistently good food and a large selection to choose from.  I have been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience.  I chatted with the owner "mom", Robyn.  She is thoroughly concerned with every person having a positive experience and treats all regulars like family.  Very enjoyable, among the best breakfast restaurants in the state for sure.
4	Although we had been to the restaurants around this place we had never been here before today. That is partly because when we drove by at breakfast time there were always prospective customers waiting outside for a table. We got in today. We were happy with our experience. We noticed immediately that there are a lot of regular customers...one even ordered by telling the waitress he wanted (his name)'s usual. The breakfast menu is large though not overwhelming with several Benedict's, several skillets, several egg dishes, several Latin themed egg dishes, a build your own omelette option and more.  I settled for the Texas skillet and my wife had a Breakfast burrito and both were well prepared and tasty. The waitress was attentive and checked back often. The hostess (manager?) made the rounds too. The difference between 4 and 5 stars is that the lobby setup is confusing, that is departing and arriving customers have to cross each other to pay and get seated, also our waitress pushed us for an order when we were still figuring out the menu and we also had to ask twice for a water refill.   Nothing major and we will be back.
5	The best, the best.  Really know how to scramble and cook!! Coffee is amazing.  The  owner Robyn is great!!! A must for anyone!!!
3	Polite service and food arrived fast on my visit, but food was unremarkable.  Always have high hopes for local places like this because they have greater potential to stand out over some of the breakfast chains that are peppered across the valley.
4	I had a most delicious brunch today of apple pancakes bacon and eggs. Kristina was our server and Greg heads up the kitchen. It is a beautiful spot only open til 2 but no one herds you out if you dtay beyond that time. The coffee comes in a pot very very good!
4	Had a nice breakfast, I tried the Mexican Omelette and it was very good. I recommend getting the salsa on the side as my omelette had a lot of salsa on it. They had fresh squeezed lemonade which was really good as well. If you need to get some breakfast this place was great since it's in a nice location.
5	Another excellent breakfast! I know they have other food, but I can't get past the green chili chicken hash. It's delicious! Service was great with a lovely table out on the patio. Can't say enough about how great this place is.
1	Actually. I gave it a one-star only because the food is fairly good. Too bad the owner treats her customers and employees in such a rude and disrespectful manner.  For the life of me I don't understand why anyone would want to work at this establishment.  The owner is totally clueless that it's her customers who are responsible for her having a successful business.  She obviously doesn't care if she treats you rudely, as she knows there are plenty of people who will accept such shoddy treatment. If you want to spend your hard earned money on a business who really doesn't care if you patronize the place or not, I say "you get what you pay for."
2	Normally give this place a 4 . But today was do bad my wife ordered French toast no powder sugar got 1/2 piece of toast took over 1 hour 30 mins.
5	Was at Mayo for Dr. appt. Found on Yelp. Great choice. Everyone smiles. Coffee great. Had Colorado Jack- even salsa warm. Food excellent. Coffee never empty. Service fast enough. Start of great day.
