5	So glad we found this little gem that just opened in the heart of Scottsdale. We brought our dog here for the first time over the weekend and in doing so have found a new go-to place for not only grooming but for pet food, goodies and toys!Upon entering Wag N' Wash we were greeted with smiles, hellos and and a first timer tour of the building. Our primary reason for going was to utilize their self-wash setup. We chose the ultimate wash which includes an upgraded soaping machine, leave-in conditioner, cologne, brushes, towels, drying, etc...Our pup isn't the easiest dog to bathe but it was certainly an easier experience here than struggling with him in the bathtub at home! While we only have used this option, it seems a good idea to spend the extra $4 and upgrade to ultimate wash!After Dexter was clean as a whistle (and smelled good to boot) we roamed around the store. They offer a variety of toys and collars that you would not normally find in a Petsmart type store. They also have an in-house kitchen/bakery that offers homemade treats and goodies for our four-legged friends. We're looking forward to ordering a birthday cake for our little man this fall!Other than the self-wash, another main draw of this store is their selection of food. They offer a huge selection of lesser known but wholesome and nutritious foods you find rarely at the large pet stores. Steve, one of the owners, took the time to talk to us about our pup's health and nutrition. He offered us organic and natural solutions to what otherwise has been a situation where our dog has be on prescription foods and supplements. As a pet-parent that encourages a grain-free diet and doesn't want to pump my kids full of unnecessary remedies, I really appreciated Steve's knowledge and advice in the matter. Yay, Wag N' Wash! We can't wait to come back and visit. We'll work on his jumping habits before Dexter comes back :)
5	Great place. Makes washing your dog not such a chore. Good prices on natural dog food.
5	LOVE this place.  The prices are in line with Petsmart, but Petsmart doesn't give you your 11th bag free. Wag N Wash does. I love the variety of both natural food and paraphenalia.  Need a leash or collar? Check here, they have a great variety.  I think I am going back to get a new collar for my sweet boy. He doesn't need one, but he'd sure look cute in some of the designs available.Plus you can wash your dog onsite and not have to deal with clean up and smelly towels.  Or water all over your bathroom after a tub escape and subsequent shake. Come on, dog lovers in South Scottsdale, let's make sure this wonderful place lasts!!! Shop local.
5	I'm in (puppy) love with the new Wag N'Wash in Scottsdale...I'd been to the Phoenix location years ago and remember wishing they were closer to my home, and my wish was granted... this new location is less than a mile from where I live!Minnie and I popped in a few weeks back for a self-serve bath.  I initially called to see if a groomer was in, but they were booked out for weeks.  Doing it myself was actually not only cheaper, but it was fun... and a good bonding experience for me and Min as well.  Sara helped us out and explained our options.  We decided on the ultimate wash which included an extremely efficient shampoo and conditioner, brushes, towels, cologne, etc... It was easy and quick - bonus! Minnie was clean and fresh within 20 minutes or so!Of course we spent a tad bit more time at the store doing some shopping and I was impressed with the dog food selection, homemade treats, eco-friendly collars and leashes, etc...I'll definitely head back to Wag N' Wash again really soon... so psyched that they moved to my 'hood!
5	Came here for the first time to give the pups a wash. The people were super friendly and helpful, especially with my giant furry dog. They didn't even complain about the massive amount of hair he left in the tub... Way better than it being in my bath tub, that's for sure. They also have lots of dog food options and a bag program...buy 10 get 1 free. The prices are very reasonable for the wash. $13 for a basic wash, $15 and they provide the shampoo and conditioner, and $18  for this specialty thing that mixes the water and the shampoo for you. We did the basic wash and brought our own shampoo and conditioner. But next time we will be doing the $18 one. With as big and fluffy my dog is, I think next time we will opt for the more convenient one. We will definitely be back several times a month. The connivence of washing the dog here is worth every penny!!
5	I live across the street from what happens to be the best dog-only pet store ever. They have inexpensive grooming services, a self wash area, lots of baked treats and unusual toys. For those of you who don't live so close they have covered parking - a big deal in July.
5	Went there for the first time and my first impression was how clean everything was.  No wet dog smell, no gross floors, nothing.  The wash service starts at $13 so it's pretty easy to deal with.  The tubs you put your dog in are clean and offer shampoo that comes straight out of the water nozzle so you don't have to use separate bottles if you don't want to.  Instead of drying with towels, they have a blow-dryer type of set up that dries a medium sized dog in about 5 minutes.  The dog treats and toys are a little pricey but that's not why you go there, just a convenience.  (I bought 3 dog toys).
5	Went to Wag N' Wash for the first time this past weekend and will certainly be back very soon. We went to wash three dogs so it really made things easy. First of all I want to mention how friendly the staff was and extremely helpful since it was our first time. They explained how everything worked. The basic wash was $13 and they provide you a rubber brush to remove the loose hair and even though I have a short hair dog she does shed so it did remove a ton of loose hair. They also provide you with shampoo, conditioner, massage brush while shampooing, towel to clean eyes and ears also two towels to dry your pooch off. Then they have nice drying stations. My dog isn't crazy about tubs but once I gave her a nice shampoo and massaged her she was enjoying it. She loves the blow dryer so we didn't have any problem at that station. There are other options for washes and a friend did the next step up wash for $17 and that included the soap and conditioner in the hose with the water. This made washing his 100+ lb dog much much simpler.While paying the dogs each picked out a bone as a treat (well one couldn't decide on just one so he got two).Again, the staff were nothing but helpful and cannot wait to go back again and get the doggies all cleaned up again!
5	Wag N' Wash is just amazing. I was a fan of the PHX location forever, and when I moved to the Dale, and then they opened a location down the street- it was a pretty great day!If you've never been, allow me to paint a picture. They have EVERYTHING for Dogs & Cats. The big draw here is a self-wash dog wash area, where they have all the cool things you need to wash your four-legged BFF without breaking your back, or clogging your tub. Simply choose your wash level (there are three, I recommend the Ultimate, because the soap is mixed with the water and all you have to do is spray on your pup, you don't need to agitate it in) and grab an apron, and you are set. The tubs are great, awesome water pressure, and dogs really like it. While you're washing your messy mutt, relaxing music is playing and the people are so nice there. I know it sounds crazy- but it's actually really fun to wash your dog there!After Fido is clean- if he was good then pick out a toy! They have stuff at WNW that I guarantee you've never seen before.  Some of the toys cost a few bucks more, but you get what you pay for, and my guy still has a great lobster toy I bought FIVE years ago. Booyah!WNW also has a great dog bakery where you can get treats for your pup. My dog loves the "Pupcakes" which are cupcakes for dogs. They look so good, I had a friend almost not believe me they are for dogs.Lastly, this place is brand new, and in immaculate condition. The staff is very nice and welcoming, and the place just has a great vibe. For the times you don't feel like washing your dog- WNW offers full professional grooming at very competitive rates- your pup will be ready for doggie prom when they are done.There is no need to shop at a chain, when you can shop at this charming, locally owned business. Enjoy!
1	Just picked my dog up from Sonoran Desert day car, where they'll happily wait around for 5 minutes for you - they love people's business there. Immediately left there and called Wag-n-wash of Scottsdale where they must have more business than they want. Just having moved from Castle Rock where they have another store with a different owner that ran a GREAT business, we're now in Phoenix where we thought we'd find the same. Nope, not so much. Called after the pickup to make sure they are open, said I need a dog wash, was told to be there before 7, no problem. They close at 8. Got there after driving from north Phx to south Phx, there by 6:40. Was told by the young man that we had to be done by 7, my wife said "maybe a few minutes after will be ok". - get this - his reply "well, no, you're just too late. We HAVE to clean AT seven". Like I said, must have to much business. Oh, and BTW, wouldn't even give me the owners name to call, only a managers name. Poor guy that owns it won't even know how people are tanking his business. Too bad, Colorado store was great. Not do much here in Phx. Bill@usa-one.com
5	Very nice and helpful staff.
5	I think Wag & Wash is just the best. Very helpful staff.  Price is great. I've taken my mid size goldendoodle there twice. I paid $17 for the top tier self wash meaning the shampoo is mixed w/the water so you don't have to apply separately.   It's so easy, turn knob for just water (which is temperature regulated to warm), then turn knob to clean and the shampoo and water mix together while you just hose your pup down, then turn to rinse and repeat process w/conditioner. Products smell great and they also give you a leave in conditioner & cologne if you choose to use plus towels, brush, apron.  The drying section is easy too. The hose blows room air so no safety issues of too hot. Mason came out smelling and feeling great and I think he could tell he looked awesome too cuz he was strutting his stuff proudly!
4	This place is pretty great overall. Very friendly and helpful staff. I go here pretty much exclusively for the self wash. The tubs are large and very nice, they give you everything you need to wash and dry your dog and they clean up when you're done.Only a couple less than stellar things to report. First, there needs to either be higher dividers between the tubs or some sort of shield above the dividers so that everyone doesn't have to be getting wet by everyone else's dogs shaking, really only an issue for the big dogs but an issue nonetheless. Second, the cleanliness could use a little work, someone's full time job should be to try and keep the floors as dry as possible and more importantly, constantly vacuum the dryer cubicles. It is rare that I can actually just dry my dog without having to first vacuum the cubicle myself, gets a little gross back there. They just need to do a more thorough job in this section. I am fine with the $13-$17 price for what basically equates to soap and water but I am also paying for convenience and not having to deal with a mess. So I shouldn't have to deal with a mess. All that being said, I would still recommend Wag N' Wash to anyone who likes to keep their dog squeaky clean!
4	Giving my pitbull a bath is a real pain.  It's such a chore that I have tried sending him to get groomed at Petsmart only to feel guilty afterwards for him being terrorized and terrorizing the groomers.  Wag N' Wash was totally diiferent experience.  My dog loved it which was amazing in itself but you could tell that the groomer really llike his job and loved dogs.  It totally showed.  I'll be going back for sure.
4	Wag N' Wash seems strange if you've only driven by it, but it is so awesome once you go inside.  My boyfriend and I decided to see what WnW was all about, and we loved it.  It's kind of like consistenly going to a plain grocery store only to realize Whole Foods exists.  It's definitely worth browsing, and although we haven't used their grooming services, it looked awesome too.  I love their pet bakery too, I pretend my dogs are my children, and I only want the best for them!  I give this place two thumbs up!
5	I've been to several "self-wash" places with my dog in the past few years, and I have to say, Wag'n'Wash is definitely tops. The facilities are always clean, the staff is always helpful, and my dog always leaves looking 100% better than when he came in. I usually opt for the de-shedding wash as my dog is a large breed with a healthy coat of fur that requires me to vacuum my place on average once a day. If you are sick of breaking your back washing your dog in your bathtub, stop by Wag'n'Wash and see why it's worth the money to clean your mutt here instead!
2	I was satisfied with my first experience there getting my dog bathed in their self-wash section.However, tonight we were turned away at 7:05 because they close their tubs an hour before closing. We were the only customers in the building, so clearly they don't need the business. For a $15 self-wash (that we didn't even get to do), I can do better elsewhere.
5	Both locations are the same distance from my place so I've washed my dog at both. If you want one that's bustling with others washing their dogs, staff is friendlier and more interactive, and afterwords you can easily find a popular and convenient place nearby to grab a drink or snack with your buddy, then head to the one on 7th AvenueIf you have a beast of a dog who is skittish at the dumbest things, thinks she's too good to be near any water, and you don't want anyone to awkwardly bother/pity stare at you while you wrestle for an hour just to put some shampoo on this said beast, then head on to this quieter location. No one will bother you or judge you at this location, not even the employees. I guarantee it. I also love that they give you a bunch of unlimited free treats to spoil your dog. Beware though, if your dog likes to chase cats, they have 2 orange cats that lounge by the cash register all the time so hold on to that leash tight. If you live in the Arcadia area, try to get your hands on their coupons that comes in the mail in the Arcadia community booklet. It usually has a coupon for a 5 dollar self wash (savings of 8-10 bucks!) and some percentage off their pet food.
5	What a great store for my pets!I went here recently as my dog covered himself in mud at the dog park and I was heading to a friend's house for BBQ - can't bring a muddy dog along! I did the least expensive self-wash at $13. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful here and set me up quickly. Everything about the place makes it easy to wash your dog.The selection of toys is great and of course they have their own freshly baked snacks for your pups. I'll be coming back in soon.
5	I do not normally take my pets to an outside facility for washing and grooming.  Like most people, I do it the old fashioned way: wash 'em in the tub and spend a lot of time cleaning up.  I am so glad to have discovered this place.  I spent $20 per dog wash and am very satisfied with the results.  Moreover, there was no cleanup!  (That in itself is worth $20)The facility is fantastic: it looks very professional and is open and clean.  Next, the customer service is excellent. Not only are the employees affable, but are very helpful in guiding you on the washing operation.  There were no time constraints during the wash, and the resources (tub, brushes, shampoos) were ready, ample, and easy to use.  Most of all, they were very effective.  (Let me say how impressed I am with the washing station and the tub; its drain system is very effective).  The drying station was  remarkably easy to use.  What a great business model.  Happy my muts were now clean, I automatically wanted to reward them with some Wag n' Wash treats.  I bought a bag of six frozen bones filled with marrow for $15.  Great treats, decent price.
4	Did a great job with grinding our skittish dog's nails, cost us $15 bucks though. Very clean shop, lots of high quality accessories and foods
5	Best customer service around.  Always smiling and well informed regarding nutrition for your pup.  Have three dogs(border collie, mut, and leonberger) and the employees there know so much about what's best for each breed.
5	Yesterday was our fist visit and we LOVED it!  The place is spotless and the staff went above and beyond to assist us.  We have two senior labs and we needed extra help.  One of our dogs is partially paralyzed and doesn't know when he leaves "surprises" behind.  The staff cleaned up for us immediately and we were made to feel welcome even though we brought a bit of chaos with us.  The supply of food, treats and supplies was better than any store I've ever visited.  I loved the biscuit bar full of high quality treats and also loved the supply of high quality food.  I will give this local store my business from now on.  No more other pet stores for me.  They have it all!  It's also a very relaxed atmosphere with nice music in the wash areas, too.  There is also covered parking and shade from our Arizona sun!  Well done!
5	We just had our second experience with Wag N' Wash and their staff and they were stupendous.  We usually do it ourselves, but the staff and set up of the center is amazing. We get to socialize the pups and browse for new, cool stuff.  The staff has been phenomenal--helpful and so friendly and obviously all animal lovers!!!  The products/food is far less expensive than where we USED to buy!  We love them!!!!
4	Great place to take your dog for a wash!  They provide all the goods for you, prices can be a little steep considering I have a small short-haired dog and I was in and out faster than everyone.  Otherwise, great experience, and I will go again!
4	Today was my second visit to Wag N Wash, and it was just as good as the first visit. The people that work here are super- friendly and helpful. They'll explain the process to you, get your supplies, and show you the ropes. The wash bins look like they are the type used in grooming salons,  and the dryer area has several areas to dry your pets after their shampoo's. I haven't tried the groomer at Wag N Wash, but this place is a fun place to take your pets to have a little field trip and do it yourself. In additon, they sell premium pet foods, supplements, toys, leashes and collars.Plus, I'm saving a LOT of money!
5	We have taken our 1.5yr old labradoodle to 5 different groomers and they all had trouble with her.  Sometimes they can't even finish because she is too anxious and playful.  Wag N Wash has groomed her twice now perfectly.  Most recently Lindsey groomed her and did an amazing job.  I couldn't believe what an amazing job she did and she acted like it was no problem.  The store is super clean employees are so nice. For putting up with my pup and having such a wonderful attitude I wont go anywhere else.
5	I love this place! I've used the self-serve wash and had my dog groomed here a number of times. They've always done a great job on my dog and I can't say the same for every other groomer I've tried over the years.I also buy all of my dog's food and treats here. Everyone is so helpful and friendly and I love supporting a small business that really seems to care about its customers... both animal and human.
5	This place is awesome!! If you need to give your furry critters a bath then this is the place for you. They staff are super helpful and very nice. They even make their own homemade treats and they aren't that expensive. We got some for our dogs when they were done with there baths and they love them. I also like that they have different options for how you would like to give your dogs a bath. You can go cheap and still get them a great bath. They give you towels to dry them with when you are done and have a drying station as well. The drying stations are great as well because they don't put out super hot air. They work more by just blowing the water off of their fur with higher pressure air. This kept our dogs smelling great and not getting burned by the heat. If we have to wash our dogs again before we leave we will come back here for sure.
5	I'm going to start coming here all the time. Only been twice so far. But I like to do a "all about my dog" day every other week where we go to the dog park up the road off Hayden and then take him to the wash afterwards. My dog has ALWAYS HATED baths up to this point, but the facilities are very clean and the staff is very warm and gives off welcoming and comforting vibes to the pooches. The water temp is soothing for him and he's really good with the drying as well. Less than $20 and I can give my dog the ultimate wash. Sometimes if I need to, I'll do the wash and then get his nails trimmed. Nothing he hates more than getting his nails trimmed and other people touching his  paws, but the staff is awesome to let me stand with him when he gets it done and it's a breeze now. Afterwards, he always gets a treat from their assortment of in-house made baked goods. We get the cannolis. I highly recommend them ;)I've got my VIP card and punch card and ready to become a regular here. My dog doesn't get afraid when we arrive like he would when I'd take him to other groomers or Petsmart grooming. The place is really starting to grow on him and I highly recommend it to other pet owners.
5	The Milly mutt needed a bath and I didn't want to deal with doing it at home so this was the closest pet wash around. It also had great reviews. We walked in to smiling faces which is always nice and they were excited we were there for our first time and coached us through everything. It took us all of 15 minutes maybe to wash Milly and dry her but it was just SO easy having them prep everything for you. We went for the basic wash this time around since shes not a heavy shedder and shes short haired. She liked the wash but not the dry which makes sense since its so loud. I loved this place and we will definitely be going back here especially since they have a rewards program where your 10th wash is free (don't forget your punch card!)
5	This is the third time I have taken my Yorkie Dimebag, for grooming services and he has always had a fun, stress-free experience!  Lindsay is an exceptionally talented stylist. Dimebag looks perfect every time !
1	One star is being generous when rating wag n wash. The first time we took our dogs for grooming they did a good job. The second time an absolute nightmare. My 9 year old King Charles Cavalier was completely shaved.  This groomer was reckless and should be fired.
5	The first time I strolled in to the Wag N' Wash Healthy Pet Center, I was immediately greeted by two of the most adorable sentinels standing guard at the door. Desi and Lou, the stores resident cats. Needless to say in love in seconds with a business that obviously cares enough to have "store cats". They were really social and both wanted to be pet and possibly chew on my purse and shoes... Still a little unsure of their intentions, especially Lou, he is far too cute to be that innocent... Anyway, I didn't bring in my dog that day because I just wanted to swing by and try a new food, he has been getting ear infections pretty consistently the past year or so and a friend suggested switching to an ALL NATURAL food as he may be allergic to it. At this point I just want my little Spitty(aptly named sneezy Pug) to feel better and stop going to the vet. his place has a self wash for dogs and groomers available!!! No idea of either of those when I walked in the first time. I was completely unaware I could essentially self groom my little man, and not have a completely destroyed bathroom, he is black pug and prone to shedding.I talked to 2 of the most helpful, knowledgeable, kind and friendly staff members who explained that it was possible that his food was causing his chronic issues. The Store Manager told me that something similar happened with his dog as well and made some other suggestions on switching treats, adding some good vitamins and electrolytes to his food as well, not necessarily for his ears, but to make my old man(6 and starting to get a gray beard) feel better in general. I walked out with a pretty decent amount of goods and went home to treat my dog like a king, apparently now he is eating better than me. :)When I brought him in for a self wash a week later, I found out that there were different soaps and rinses I could use to help with his itchy skin and shedding. Both worked wonders and I bring him in every chance I get, to keep down on the massive amount of dog hair that this 16lb dog generates. Also being in the tub he didn't get the chance to  channel Houdini and escape as he does when he is in the bath tub at home, so I was able to wash and rinse him 100% with no problem. We tired the dryers, but he barked at it, he barks at the vacuum at home as well... Apparently anything that cleans up his hair is suspect... We are still working on it...He seems happier that I switched his food and we don't get ear infections nearly as often as we used to, so for me this place was a godsend. My dog is happy, healthier and loves to come in and see all the staff (he loves LOTS of attention and being ooohed and ahhed at by all the people that work there). I recommend this place to everyone!!! I have never had a single problem with any of the staff or the store policies, last self wash is an hour before close, I feel that that is legitimate as the employees need to be able to clean out the area 100% before close, so I make sure I am in there with plenty of time to get my man cleaned up so that I am not forcing the anyone to stay late and clean up after me cause I thought I was self important. Try this place out, you will not be disappointed. :)
2	I've used all their services: grooming, self wash and the store.Grooming did a great job. Which is why they get an extra star.Self wash is too pricey in my opinion and I just prefer to do it at home. Plus their dryer is louder then my vacuum and my dog is scared of it.The store is quite small. They have great food brands and the store is close to my house, which is why I went there. If you want the cheapest, go to pet club or pet planet. They are both way cheaper and pet planet price matches. They also have way more of a variety on food, toys, treats, etc. Wag n Wash does have a great buyers program, buy 10 get 1 free where most stores is buy 12 get one free, but there system always lost track of our purchases. You get $10 off every $300 you spend. I've spent almost $600 there and they said u haven't hit my $300 mark yet. Also I bought 5 bags of food and their system only said I bought two. Between their faulty computer and their higher prices, I decided to drive farther and shop else where.
1	Live near here and always wondered what this place was about. Stopped by the other day and was shown around. Seemed pricey for a self wash, but i thought what the heck and walked up with my dog later that night.They're advertised as being open until 8pm, however if you actually want to wash your dog you have to show up before 6pm. Apparently 6:30 was too late to wash my dog, 90 minutes before the place closes and that's supposedly the backbone of their business concept. Who knew.And I was the only one in there, you really couldn't accommodate a customer 90 minutes before closing? Needless to say, this place won't be receiving my business. If your thinking about it do what I did; take your $20 you would have spent and go to Walmart. Buy one of those detachable shower heads with the hose on it. Works like a charm and only $15. You'll save $5 and never again think of wasting your money at such a stupid concept as this place!
4	My boyfriend & I love taking our three dogs to Wag N Wash to bath them after the dog park.  They're nice and tired making it easier to bath them. The best part is you don't have to handle the clean up.
5	We love this place!! The staff is always friendly & helpful! It's so nice to give your dog a bath & not have to clean up the mess!! I highly recommend the ultimate wash or the fur buster both are awesome!!!
5	Wash & WagFirst time there today to try out the self wash with my little Sophie.  I love this place.  Everyone was so friendly & helpful.  It does not get any easier than this place. We will definitely utilize wash & wag in the future.
2	Our dog had a severe allergic reaction to a deshedding treatment they now offer. The response when we alerted them of this was indifferent at best. Super disappointing as we used to love this place. Unfortunately, we will no longer be patrons.
5	Love this place!  I had used the self wash service before, but just brought my chocolate lab in for a full service groom.  Stephan did a great job on his shave and bath.  He looks very handsome, no nicks and fading was spot on.  I love the self wash concept.  Makes it so much easier than bathing at home and getting dog hair all over the place.
5	This was my second time in Wag N Wash. The first time was just a stop in during our walk but today I took my pup in for her MUCH needed nail trim. We walked in and right away were asked how we were doing and what brought us in today. They took her up right away. The groomer, Stephen, was great! He was quick and made my pup feel at ease. He asked about her and we chatted a bit about where she had come from and how long I had her. He gave me tips on potty training my stubborn (but adorable) pup. She was good and didn't get all crazy. After, we had the opportunity to roam around, looking at their wonderful selection of toys, when another nice employee came over and asked what we were looking for. I admitted that I had no idea what to get. She was helpful and made great suggestions, telling me about all of their products and the benefits of them. I chose one of their Tuffy toys. Then we cruised over to the doggie bakery. How friggen cute! If I didn't know better I'd think it was a real bakery since there was doggie cupcakes, doggie birthday cakes, little doggie cookies and everything! Baked right there in the shop. We didn't get one this time but definitely will next time. I think my pup and I will go there often. From customer service to product knowledge as well as product variety this place has it all. A dog's paradise, really.
5	I moved into an apartment just down the street shortly before this location opened.  My dog and I walked over and had a great visit with the owner and staff.  That was the start to a wonderful relationship with the local pet store....despite Durango attempting to shoplift a bone.  Over the past 2 years, I've gotten all of D's food and many of his toys and treats there as well.  I recently rescued a *tiny* abandoned kitten who needed to be syringe fed and the staff was, as usual, so welcoming and engaged in me and my critters.There isn't as large a selection compared to a Petsmart or Petco, but they also only carry higher quality brands which is fine by me.  Plus, I'd rather support a smaller shop than a big company anyway.
5	This was my first time taking my dog here for grooming. I was amazed they got us in immediately with no appointment. It took them about an hour for all of it. Cost $40 for bath, condition, brush, and nail trim. Staff was super friendly! Would highly recommend!
5	I have taken my 6 lb Yorkie here multiple times, and they always do a great job! For $40 she gets a full hair cut, nail, grind, ear cleaning, and bath! They staff is also so friendly and personal each time.
3	Was shocked that I was quoted over the phone $40 for my dog, then went in and they charged me $45! Lost yea tip miss!
3	My cat got shaved here a couple weeks ago. I've never had her groomed before, so I don't have much to compare it to. However, my experience was somewhat of a struggle. First off, I had scheduled an appointment a week prior and then even called to verify the time the day of. When I showed up, they said they had no record of me in their system so I had to reschedule for an appointment a week later. Not super happy about that.When I finally brought my cat in the staff was extremely friendly, caring and helpful. The service was fast which I appreciated. The inside feels like a pet groomer in Toontown - super colorful and whimsical. They had two store cats that were adorable and soft as clouds. The cat groomer was also particularly nice.My cat is indoor/outdoor so she has her front claws and isn't afraid to use them. I was very upfront that she isn't friendly with strangers, hasn't ever been groomed before and probably will try to murder anyone that comes near. I knew it would be difficult for them to groom her to a T. I was excited to see her groomed like a lion though.It is very nice having her clean and cut (she was nappy from being outdoors). However, none of the lines are clean and her cut is rather ratchet - this I expected. Like I said, my cat probably wanted to murder the groomer. My main complaint is they hacked half her whiskers off on one side. :( I'm sure she was extremely hard to pin down and shave but she needs her whiskers to better her cat skills especially when she is outside. It was quite disappointing. I probably won't have her groomed again regardless but don't have any plans of bringing my other pets here in the future. They definitely tried really hard but it wasn't the best experience.
5	Love this place! Always been a super friendly staff! Super welcoming and excellent customer service! My dog is super fluffy and giving him a bath means there is fur everywhere. Our family buys our dog food here and gets rewarded for doing so! They have a pet food reward program, a dollar spending reward program, and a dog wash reward program! They reward me for buying stuff from them! Of course I'll keep coming back! They have fresh baked dog treats every time we're in. It has all the ingredients listed, and I load up on my dogs favorites! They have some store cats who are nice too. My dogs first cat experiences have been positive because of these friendly felines.Easiest place ever to wash my dog. He hates baths, but actually loves coming here. He is very cooperative to get washed at his cool Wag'n Wash.... At home it's pure chaos! Thanks guys for making it a happy place for my fur baby!!!
5	How great is this place!  He loved his bath and treats.  I loved getting him looking so good by myself (self-serve station) in between appointments.  Amazing bakery too!  Love it!!!!
1	I have brought my dog for a previous shear and another time for a bath. The experiences for my puppy were fine.  My puppy does have some fear issues which I told the groomer about.   This time I used a different groomer. He shaved his testicles almost to the point of making them  bleed. I couldn't figure out why he kept flapping his hears  The inside of his ears had scabs on them.  He came home to hide in the closets, bathroom and under tables. I had to take him to the vet who actually told me never to go back to the groomer. He has been so traumatized that he has been put on Prozac and xanax. I have contacted a trainer to work with him at $100 per hourToday I went back to wag and wash to speak to the manager and tell them what happened and ask to be given back my money for the grooming and costs for the vet and prescriptions. He made copies of the paperwork and told me he would speak to the other manager in another facility and would call me back. Im hoping they will do the right thing and reimburse me.  Needless to say it will be a cold day in hell that I ever go back there again. This whole experience was heartbreaking.
1	I have heard back from them and they refuse to accept any responsibility and have refused to compensate me for anything I incurred including the grooming fee. What kind of business does that?  One that I will never recommend or step foot in. Not good business practice wag n wash!
2	Just took my Yorkie for a grooming. I specifically requested 'the teddy bear look,' showed them a picture of the look, explained what we didn't want - and still ended up with a terrible terrier cut that is not even even throughout :( so disappointing! They are nice there, but what does it matter if they still can't get it right? If you have a Yorkie and have a good groomer, please share with this poor mommy who is tired of having her doggie looking so terrible :(
