3	This is my type of place. Err, atleast I thought it was. Pizza and beer and wings and hoagies? Word. (Insert chest bump).The sandwiches turned out to be sub-par but the pizza was good and greasy, along with the wings. The beer was . . . well. . .  beer so I was ok with that. But all in all it just didn't do it for me. I think a contributing factor is that I have a couple of lady friends who worked there that all resoundingly agreed that the management were skeezy douchebags. I guess it just made it hard to respect after that. Besides, there are lots of places to get Bud Light pitchers (that are overpriced anyway) and chomp on some average bar food.
3	The only thing I ever get here is the Cheese steak with mushrooms and peppers.  It is the best in town.  The ambience is 70's basement but that's OK...  Parking can be a challenge at lunch
3	Just not "all that".  Pretty much bar food.A yelper recommended this place as being the BEST cheesesteak in town.  Sadly my cheesesteak ...  was .... well ... just a pretty good cheesesteak.  I guess I don't know how you can screw up or enhance such a thing so I don't know what I was expecting.The atmosphere is straight up sports bar and they seem to dress their waitresses in "Hooters-esque" tops ... not my thing.  Not a bad place ... just "there".
4	The pictures here (Yelp) don't show the newer Shea location in Scottsdale. Looks like central Phoenix to me.Dined here last night while watching the Spurs wreck the Suns :(Chicken wings are great, the hoagies are amazing, prices are very reasonable, the service is decent. A great casual place to chow and watch a game.
5	I grew up in this neighborhood but didn't really discover Uncky Sam's until I was ready to go away to college 35 years ago. I'm 85 years old and my taste buds have over the years been replaced with the desire for the youth I once took for granted. But if there's one culinary recollection that brings a little flutter to this old man's heart it's the phantom taste of a Cheese Hoagie, that phallic masterpiece of untold proportions from Uncle Sam's. It's huge. They don't let me drive anymore but once in a while I want to jump in a cab and order one for old time's sake with with an extra side of the hoagie dressing. And eat it over the course of six days. It's that good. And that big. The hoagies are cold. The grinders are hot. The ingredients are slightly different for each but good god is this place good. The fountain drinks taste like they are mixed with really gross water but I gladly put up with it because the sandwiches are soooooo good. I've never really ordered anything else and can't speak to the rest of their menu but if you want a really really really good sub try Uncle Sam's.
4	I'm rating Uncle Sam's on their cheesesteaks alone. Sadly, I'm one of those girls who loves her greasy, heart stopping food. Four stars for the cheesesteaks, hands down. Their prices are extremely decent for the monstrosity of a sandwich they give you. Go for the cheesesteak with mushrooms, cheese, and pepperoncinis. Make it extra peppers. So good.  I've only taken out, never eaten in, but the place is always packed at night. I've had wings once or twice, and I have definitely had better. Stick with the cheesesteaks and you'll be alright.
3	UPDATE: Uncle Sam's seems to have their act together again. Unfortunate that the owner chooses to make this neighborhood seedy by leasing space to a pawn shop and a head shop. I've observed  him or his kid driving like an arrogant jerk, too. If my business' name was plastered all over my car, I'd be sure to be a courteous driver.=======================Newly re-opened after Sheriff Joe's raid, the 32nd St. Uncle Sam's is still trying to get its act together. Been here twice since the re-opening. Food service is rather slow. Both times the waitress did not pay enough attention to our table. On the second visit, our waitress was obsessed with cleaning and straightening the empty tables and practically ignored us once the food was delivered. She also forgot our drink order, we sat for 10 minutes until getting our beverages.The wings come out VERY dry. We will remember to ask for them wet next time, this never used to be a problem.I would advise you to wait until next month (it's August 2013 right now) until the staff and kitchen is back in its old groove.This leads me into another topic, what bothers me more than these failures is the owner's very obvious tightfistedness. Use a coupon from the mailer? It better total at least $25.00 to the penny or you won't get your $5 off. Even if you mention at the start that you have the "$25/$5 off with two drinks" coupon, the waitresses will not tell you if you hit the $25 when you make your order unless you ask them to, and I don't trust them to do the math anyway. What's worse, none of the staff nor the manager has the latitude to honor the coupon if you fall a little short. One time we were denied use of the coupon because our order had totaled $24.95. A FREAKING NICKEL SHORT. We talked to the manager and it was very apparent it was not his call to make and that he would have gotten in trouble for cutting us a break.On our first visit to the  re-opened Uncle Sam's,  the service was so painfully slow they should have - any good restaurant would have - comped us something. The drinks, the fries, something. Nope. That will never happen here.Uncle Sam's we like your food but we're getting a little tired of making excuses for your shortcomings.
5	Uncle Sam wants me and I want Uncle Sam's!!!! Yuuu-uuum!The all-american sub is absolutely, by far my favorite sub in the world. The bread is great and it is toasted to absolute perfection. I can't even count how many times I have oredered it and it always comes out the same way and never disappoints! The cheese steak sub is also really good and their pizza and wings are pretty awesome too!!!I usually get it to go, but if you are planning on stopping in, they always have sporting events on TV which is pretty cool. It's kind of a small dining area, but it's fun if you are in the mood for a sports bar atmosphere.
5	I have been eating at this venerable PHX landmark since i was in wonzies... okay so that may have explained my burgeoning childhood obesity. I dont care, layer on the calories, this place reminds me of everything i love about America and Phoenix. I doubt i could feel more comfortable than sitting with a cold one, wings and a chk cheese steak (mushrooms, onions, sweet/hot peppers and ex cheese please) watching some sports at uncle sams. I really think this place maintains an elite status as my best hoagie ever. Statement. Do yourself a favor, go, get a cheese steak, wings and maybe some pizza. Oh and the waitress which range from haggered to hot wear tiny skirts, dinner and a show baby.
5	Five stars for their new happy hour menu, which they call their "economic stimulus package." 4:00-6:00pm and 9:00pm-close: Domestic drafts are 75 cents. Pitchers? $2.99. Small pitchers are somewhere in between. I'm really, really easy to please.
5	great philly cheesesteak, hot bbq wings, fries, pizza. Good place to drink that is not a bar.
4	Memories, pressed between the pages of my mind ... Memories, sweetened thru the ages just like wine...Oh the memories this Uncle Sam's has for me. My entire extended family used to use this as our impromptu reunion spot when I was a wee child.  We still meet up here on occasion for nostalgia's sake.My two female cousins used to torture me and I would end up in the bathroom crying every single time. That is until I called my cousin a hooker. Nobody knew what it meant, but it stopped their constant berating so it did the trick.I cannot imagine a better happy hour. Pitchers of premium beer are $2.99 and their food is like $3. You can get a bud light on draft for $0.75 if you are into that sort of thing.I always get the cheese hoagie (Cold) with the sweet peppers. Delish. Everything here is good, though, including the pizza, fries, and mozzarella sticks. The only reason they don't get a five is because they have horrific service. Sorry, it's true.Come. Enjoy. Watch Football. Play the Vintage Pacmen Game. Just don't let your cousins torture you for five years.. just call them a hooker from the get go. Trust me, it works.
5	This is  the best place to get a cheese steak sandwich in the Phoenix area.They use to deliver i wish the would now but go there and eat. They are the best.
4	The only reason I'm not giving Uncle Sam's 5 stars is: the salads are meh and it's a bit pricey in my opinion.On the other hand, the pizza is really, really good.  In my top 5 pizzas ever.  But what I crave the most from here are the Mushroom pepper cheese steaks.  This is comfort food at it's greasiest and finest.  I order it with peppers and banana peppers and it's fantastic.  Great wings, too.  I order them with extra medium sauce.  I've had other items here, but basically, if you want the best of the best, stick with the pizza, cheese steaks, and wings.
4	O So good!! I usually get the Philly Cheese Steak w/ mushrooms and extra cheese. It is excellent. The atmosphere is Americanized which I love since everything around Central Phoenix caters to the Hispanics first then Americans.  Like I said the food is great, the reason only four stars is because the service sucks (Having to bring the waiter your cup for a refill every time I go there gets a little old) But other than that is definitely  worth a try!!!
4	Great selection of all American food. Grinders, fried favorites, salads, ice cream, etc!
4	Since the departure of Taste of Philadelphia at 32nd and Camelback years ago this has been one of the only quality spots in Phoenix for a cheesesteak.  Personally, I've never ordered anything BUT a cheesesteak but my wife says the Uncle Sam's Special sandwich is awesome.  They have several locations, but I'm partial to the 32nd and Shea store for some reason.  It just has that slightly dingy feel that makes the steaks taste that much better.  The waitresses in knee socks and cheer skirts don't suck either.  Only thing missing is a full bar.
2	Eek! My sister and I went here a month or so ago, didn't have the most pleasant experience. Expensive I remember it...The service was depressing. Our waitress largely forgot about us and the other staff were all pretty apathetic. Had to wait ten minutes to get a drink refill, and the pizza was not very good. I haven't tried their sandwiches, perhaps that's their forte, but customer service certainly is not one of their primary concerns.
5	Bro in Law takes me and the fam to a new place.. and I'm in love.Everyone at the table was very happy with their orders.Wings were goodPhilly was goodPizza was goodFrys were goodHoagie was goodNow on to the Great!We happened to catch the happy hour and had some cheap beers! $2.99 each....... Each Pitcher!!!!!!!!   GREAT!MEATBALL GRINDER~ GREAT!I can't wait to get back to Uncle Sams!
4	Uncle Sam's is my favorite local eatery.  My little one loves the pizza and fries and I am a fan of the Philly cheese steak which is by far the best in town (I have been to South Street in Philly several times and can compare!)The wings and hoagies are also great.The only reason I gave it a four star and not a five is the salads are overpriced.
5	I have been going here for at least 25 years!  This place is great!  The service is awesome and the food ALWAYS tastes great.  We have also been to the other locations and experience the same great service and food.  The original location has barely changed at all since I started going there.  Some people might think that is a negative but it brings me back to times past!    Its a must go!!!
3	I live in the neighborhood and eat at Uncle Sam's a couple of times a month. The food that I order, hoagies, grinders,and cheesesteaks easily get five stars. Here they are : *****.What takes them down two stars is the service. The waitstaff are by and large young and inexperienced, but not bad. What I'm pissed off about is that the management that seems to have no problem berating and belittling the servers and hosts in front of customers. I've complained, but the management seem to all be related to each other. Chicken wings are good, not great. The have decent salads and a big selection of beers. Uncle Sam's runs great specials, too. I don't love the pizza sauce, so I never get a pizza, stromboli, nor calzones. Other folks that I know seem love these items, so it must just be me. Try it out.
4	Uncle Sam's is getting four stars from me specifically for its happy hour.Everything here is at least as good as you'd expect from a divey pizza joint staffed by chicks in short skirts. Not my thing, but they were nice enough and I hadn't noticed until one of the guys I was there with commented. Our group was a little rowdy that night, but this is a great place for shenanigans.The pizza? Thin crust with that low moisture mozzarella that re-melts after they cut it. You know, the kind you have to be careful with, because all the cheese will slide off your slice if you don't cut it again? In other words, delicious and exactly right for this type of place. The sides? Fried food, wings, huge sandwiches.The (reverse) happy hour prices are what makes this place amazing. $3 pitchers of beer, smaller portions of hoagies, rings, fried mushrooms, wings, a 7" cheese pizza, all under $4 each! This may be the most awesome place in town for a weekend late night snack.
1	I moved into the neighborhood and was looking forward to a good local pizza and hoagie spot...  this isn't it.  I've given this place more than one opportunity to redeem itself, but each visit is worse than the last.  The food is sub-standard at best and the waitstaff, although 'sorry' can't/won't do anything to make it any better.If you're hungry there are many other places to eat that won't leave you as disappointed as this place.
5	I went to high school right down the street from Uncle Sams and it always has, and always will, serve excellent cheese steaks and pizzas.  This is another restaurant that I try to visit on every trip to the Phoenix metro area, and in my mind is one of the staple restaurants in the valley.The food is inexpensive and is always hot and delicious.  The service is superbly provided by cute chicas in short mini skirts, but alas is NOT trashy like that other restaurant, Hooters.
4	ONLY GO IF YOU ARE HUNGRY! We just moved to the area and were intrigued by the sign & the fact the place always seemed packed. Plus we have an affinity for locally owned joints. I ran into to get a couple of cheese steaks one day for lunch...the "WHOLE" cheese steak is like a loaf of bread. Totally worth it, but we ate them for like 3 meals. Very very good. So decided to dine in the next time. The large pizza is plenty...really. The wings are above average. We will order them again, but not the best I have ever had. Beer is cold & the soda refills just keep coming. Lots of people having a good time both times we have stopped by so far. Staff was very friendly & very efficient. They move you in & out quickly.  It is a bit pricery than I expected, but good food & great service.  We will be back.
5	So, I headed up to north Phoenix to visit my 88 year old dad.  He is bored because his wife wont retire so they can travel and have fun, but that is a different story.  I needed a excuse to stop at Uncle Sam's and that was it....   I walked in about 1pm and was seated promptly(big word)....    The nice young lady brought me a Diet Coke and a menu.  She returned two more times to refill my drink and then FINALLY asked me when the rest of my party were going to show up.  I told her that I was it....  She then was somewhat embarressed and offered to buy me a beer or something, so I excepted the free Diet Coke.  I really came to Uncle Sam's to have a Meatball Sub but this time and the first time ever I ordered a pizza.    I waited................. and then she brought out a personal pizza for me....O-M-G!!!!!!     Now I know why people love this place!   It was incredible!!!!!    I cant even desribe it....  just perfect....  flavor was A-W-E-S-O-M-E....           so much so that I have been back one more time since then to have another.!!!!!!!    BTW-- I think they have some good beer specials also.... BUT go for the pizza and enjoy..
4	There are two Uncle Sam's that I know of (and no, I am not talking about UNCLE SAM as in Big Brother!) and the one on Shea and 32nd street is the best.  I have eaten at the much larger restaurant on Shea and 92nd in Scottsdale, and IMHO, it lacks character.  The service at 32nd street is exceptional, and very, very fast (even when packed).  The food is good, with ample portions.  The only negative is that if you want french fries you have to order them as a side.  I think this is a shame, because while they are tasty -- they simply add a lot of extra $$ to the end of your bill.  Overall, my favorite choice there is the calzone (which has cheese and spinach inside).  I like that I can get a mini calzone and take half of it home and eat it for lunch the next day.  Tip:  go early for best seating.  Large parties are difficult, but they do a good job of seating you in the back.  Crowded at lunch and dinner.
4	So I've been told by someone that Uncle Sams has the best cheese steaks in town. I finally made it to the 32nd & Shea location and tried these so called best cheese steaks in town.Being the food snob I am and somewhat of a cheese steak expert, I must say Uncle Sams has SOME of the best cheese steaks in. A close second in my opinion. The only cheese steak I've have in the PHX area that was better was at Flancers in Gilbert. Flancers are by far the best cheese steaks in town.I will be back to Uncle Sams for another cheese steak and maybe give the pizza a try.
4	I love Uncle Sams. I grew up in this area and have fond memories of ditching high school to nosh on pizza slices and cheese hoagies.Now as an adult, I still love their pizza and now love their amazing beer specials. As the financially responsible parent in the family, I love that we can share a large pizza, a couple of small portioned appetizers, a pitcher of beer for the grown ups, and a soda for the kid for under $30. All while watching a game on one of the many TVs.
4	Some of the best (and most filling) cheesesteaks in Phoenix/Scottsdale. Reasonably priced, messy, TV's, waitresses who will not take any crap. Perfect for a lunch with a co-worker, buddies or someone else you are not trying to impress.
5	A classic from my high school days.  This is where I first had a cheesesteak and it has probably influenced/corrupted what I think they should take like immutably.  The fries are also very good, always crispy never greasy. Just be forewarned this place tends to get swarmed by high schoolers during the week.
4	OMG! this place is so delicious, reviewing it now just makes me wanna go eat their COMBO (Zucchini & Mushroom) w/Ranch=$ 5.25. When i was there, I had the wings in HONEY HOT BBQ (6) =$ 3.99 as well. Someone at our table had a cheese steak, but i didn't taste it; however i did taste a french fry and it was perfect, not greasy. the service was fast and pleasant. i can't believe the quality of the food for the prices. food is fast and fresh! i can't wait to go back! its always busy around sporting time....so plan accordingly.
4	I miss this place so bad. First off, the calzone's are amazing, the outer crust is crunch but not burned and the interior is filled with warm fillings of your choice ( I like spinich and pepperoni) and really good tomato sauce. The pizza, fries and wings are all very good and the fried zucchini is fantastic. The waitstaff have always been good to me and the prices are pretty decent. A sidenote, try the ranch dressing... really fresh and not too thick or heavy. Delicious.
4	Great pizza and wings!  Fast service with reasonable prices.
4	Love the hot honey BBQ wings and the white pizza!can't beat the happy hour beer prices $1 pints domestic!!!love it
3	I'm so conflicted here, that I will just add the pros and cons and land in the middle with my rating. Uncle Sam's has what is arguably the cheapest Happy Hour drinks in all the Valley. Beer is a buck a pint and a half bottle of wine for 5 bucks! It goes until 7, so we usually squeak in just under the gun. The "Bail Out Plan" menu is also incredibly varied and cheap. They do lots of mailings and coupons as well. The food is good (not great), but always seems to satisfy! Service varies, but is generally quite speedy and good. The servers look somewhat hustled and overworked. I wish I could give the place a quick update of style and maybe some new floors, tables, and a different layout. It seems too crowded with tables and can get really loud. Word of advice: sit in the "front half". The back seems even more conducive to a panic attack from sitting literally right next to another table. They need a re-brand and some new plates and silverware. There is a small patio out front with some concrete tables. You can tell they keep the place clean, it just needs a makeover. We unfortunately have sat by some fellow patrons lately who seem to fight, forget they are adults in public and really seem to bring the place down. For these negatives, I give 3 stars. Uncle Sam's sure tries, but there is unfortunately some work to be done! However, if you like cheaply priced beer, wine and food, this place is for you! We keep going back!
4	I love this place. The pizzas, cheesesteaks, honey hot wings, and not to mention the excellent happy hour specials. My g/f dips her pizza in the honey hot wing sauce and boom game over its the bomb. Im almost here weekly if not bi-weekly to eat and have a drink. Cant go wrong with this place and it being 1/4 miles away from my home its a bonus.This place would get a 5th star if it werent for how quiet this place can be which puts out a very uncomfortable vibe. I have been booted from this place twice during happy hour for being too loud and or cursing. They have a jukebox but nobody uses it and they usually dont play the audio from the TV's. When theres no music/tv audio on the place is a ghost town because everybody dining doesnt want to talk too loud to disrupt the silence.
2	Not sure what all the positive reviews are for, I went here the other day and was not the least bit impressed. I heard good things about their cheesesteaks, and since I have never had a cheesesteak before I thought I'd try them out. There wasn't much meat in the sandwich, and it lacked cheese. I told them no onions and yet onions were still sprinkled throughout the sandwich.Even their salad was terrible, the ranch was runny and it didn't even have any croutons on it. The prices were kind of high and the place was extremely dirty. Will never go back again.
4	It's been awhile since I've been here (now living elsewhere), but I remember the honey BBQ chicken wings and the garlic bread with such fondness.  They were sooooooooooo good, I miss those two menu items.  While I've had good garlic bread in CA, I have not found the same caliber honey BBQ wings.  It was a great after-the-game hotspot for some really good, fun food.......and YUMMY.
4	Nobody can beat Uncle Sam's when it comes to bang for your buck. This is even more true during happy hour where the prices are insane and that runs from 5-7 & 7-9. Can get very crowded and is a bit old but it never bothered me and I think it adds character. Food is hot and the drinks are cold.
1	Never had a problem until tonight. Waited 40+ minutes for our waitess to take our food order. After years of patronage, I won't be back for a while. Sorry, but I'm a vengeful s.o.b.
4	Food is good but the service is brutal. Although I must say last time I was in it was good. But I've been coming here for years and the service for the most part is bad. The wings are really good, espically if you ask for extra crispy. The cheese steaks are okay. Happy hour is very cheap. Overall its an above average sports bar.
4	Great place for a cheesesteak.  I'm a Philly native, and these guys do it better than any of the many other places I've tried in the Valley.  Wife and kids say the hoagies are really good, as well.  Nice that they also offer a 1/4-size (in addition to the traditional 1/2 and Full) for smaller appetites.  Fries and rings are consistent.  Why not 5 stars?  Beer choice is limited if you like microbrews/ales, service inside tends to be slow, pizza is pretty non-descript and wings are just o.k.
4	I love this place. The pizza is great, that's all I ever get when I go here. We like to go after 9pm for their $1 domestic drafts and $1.25 premiums. Pitchers are great too, I think it's $4 for domestic and $5 for premium! Blue Moon tastes so much better for that price! HahaThe girls that serve are all really nice, we made friends with one and love it when she's there. The patio is pretty blah, just some tables in front of the bar, but most of the people in our group are smokers so it's chill to hang there (especially because no one else sits out there.) My one and only complaint, and the reason it only gets 4 out of 5 stars, is because they close at 11. That makes it somewhat of a pre-gaming spot for us, but with those prices it's not that bad! I know it's a restaurant primarily, but they'd get one he'll of a night crowd if they kept it open til 12 or 1 at least.
3	Pizza can be good, service not always that great. Cant even place phone order because every time I call and say that I am Deaf they think its a joke. Definitly not ADA friendly.  Once I asked if they could turn on closed captioned, even with at least 10 tv's they didnt know how!
3	I'm only giving this place three stars but I wish I could give it five. The food is amazing and very moderately priced...especially the honey hot bbq wings and pizzas (which we get everytime we come in). Last time we tried a cheesesteak and it was fantastic! Best I've had in a long time. The happy hour (5 dollars for a premium pitcher of blue moon or fat tire, or 4 dollar for domestic brews) cannot be beat anywhere in the valley. The only thing about this place that is not up to our standards is the service.The girls they hire here are inexperianced, slow and sometimes down right rude. Most of the servers we have experianced forget major parts of our order or forget about our table altogether. Once we were even told "we better hurry up and finish because we are closing in 15 minutes." We had just gotten our food! My friend who was dining with us that night had frid zuchinni that she was in the process of eating and one of the servers literally grabbed it out of her hands and started boxing it up...while she was trying to eat! I've never experianced that level of ignorance and downright rudeness while dining out...ever. and I'm usually prety forgiving being in the restaurant industry myself. The girls just have no clue! The food and great happy hour are sincerely the only things that keep us coming back again and again...although I wish it was an overall satisfaction.
4	Pbr on tap, best cheesesteak in scottsdale and the pizza is good too.  If you are nearby go there, drink a beer, eat a cheesesteak and some fried mushrooms your stomach will thank you. This place rules!
4	What can I say !!!! Maybe just that they serve it all wings, pizza sandwiches and ice cold beer plus the servers are real nice too.  Need a place where you want to grab a bite to eat without all the other stuff??? this is it!!!  kinda like the spot around the corner you have grown to love.  Here is where we came after a buddy needed help moving and dinner was on him, lots of choices and did I mention these guys get you food out "real" fast it will spin your head.  A++ Emoney Approved... Good affordable American Food :)
4	Great neighborhood spot.  Consistent good food, hefty portions, cozy atmosphere.  Good service, great specials.  In the top 3 as far as my vote for wings in the valley.
4	Great little neighborhood joint. AWESOME happy hour and the honey hot wings are the best wings I have had. I always order pizza which is really good too. (I like to dip it in the honey hot wing sauce). Pretty reasonably priced as well.Service is usually pretty good and fast.  The only down fall is that they don't play any music or TV audio so if you're in there when its not very busy you can hear every conversation in the place. A little awkward.
4	Great steak sandwiches!   Consistently good food and large portions!  Been going here for YEARS!  Only problem is they serve Pepsi products :(
3	Eh. Ok food, high school waitresses, blah bar. Wish I liked it more, but blah.
4	I have been going to this Uncle Sam's location prior to the Peoria & Scottsdale locations ever opening and I have to say, the food at this location is heads and tales above the other 2. We are closer to the Peoria location but the service and food are hit or miss, always. Now on to the Shea location. Hmmm, the food, hot, cheesy, greasy, fried goodness. You can't go wrong with the cheesesteak, order it with fried onions and a mix of the vinegary hot peppers and the briny sweet peppers..they have a 1/4 of a sandwich on the bail out menu but order the half or whole to take home for the next day..even better.  Beer battered onion rings are top notch as are the breaded fried zucchini. Both come with bangin' ranch, we always need more.I am not a big fan of their pizza, but the calzone, that's another story. Awesome cheesy, saucy goodness. When I'm in the mood for a cold sandwich I always go with the Italian Supreme, but if you are ordering to go and you get the cold sandwich ask for the italian dressing on the side, you will end up with a soggy mess. A tasty mess, but still a mess.The only reason that I don't give the Shea Uncle Sam's a 5 star rating is they only serve Pepsi products and I am a big, big Coke drinker, rather die of thirst than drink a Pepsi sort of thing..they do have great ice tea though, just ask for extra lemon if it's your forte'.
5	LOVE this place!  Whenever we are in the north side of town we always make it a point to drop by.  Very extensive menu, but they don't even need it because the cheese steaks are the best!! Very friendly service!  You can't go wrong!
3	Been coming here for 30 years and will continue to do so. For some reason that even the managers can not really explain, they have switched their bread supplier and then bread is now dry and falls apart. Get with it guys, it cant be that hard to find someone who can make decent bread.
3	I am a big eater. Also from the east coast. This is the closest you will get to a New England steak bomb. If you know what a steak bomb is, you know how hard it is to find a good one out here in AZ. Grinder shops are rare but Uncle Sams offers the best steak bomb I have had in Arizona. It is hot, chopped steak, melty american cheese, grilled onions and raw, peppers, mushrooms, and hot peppers. Get the WHOLE. It is about 16" of steak and cheese. If it wasn't so expensive I would rate it higher. If you like to pig out this is a great place to do it.
4	Good service, clean  & GREAT Philly cheese steak!
1	Indifferent food, atrocious service.
3	I just can't get into Uncle Sam's. It seems to be busy every time I drive by, and the couple times we've eaten here, it's been OK, but that's all. I guess I'm not wild about the food. The service is OK, lots of youngish girls running around, bumping into each other. The pizza is very pricey if you order takeout. We were moving recently and wanted to order 3 pizzas for friends who were helping us and the bill was over $75. Granted, they were thick pizzas, but wow - $75?
2	I think it is a bit pricey for a super casual family restaurant.  The kids meals are like $6 each!  Also, as a vegetarian that doesn't care much for pizza the choice was EXTREMELY limited.  I had a dinner salad and a cheese hoagie.  Would much rather eat somewhere else.
3	We frequent this place about 3-4 times a year.  I usually get either the cheese steak with peppers and mushrooms or one of the hoagies.  Had the cheese steak yesterday and it was pretty decent...could have used a bit more cheese though.  Lots of meat and veggies.  The roll was really good.  Overall, not in the same league as the cheese steaks at Jersey Mike's though.
5	i love love love this place! TOP REASONS WHY I LOVE THIS PLACE:-The americana theme-Best happy hour in the valley- service is outstanding :)  I had a philly yummmyyy (: its not a fancy place but it is a place you will be coming back to every week! WAY TO GOO UNCLE SAM'S, ITS MORE LIKE I WANT UNCLE SAM'S IN MY HOME KITCHEN !!!
3	This place is good when I need a quick fix for Pizza, Grinders, and wings. All three are pretty darn good.
1	They are not consistent with how the food tastes one week it's good and then the next week it's horrible they tend to switch cooks often. The servers are young and incompetent waitresses that are RUDE, DISRESPECTFUL, and don't give the customers what they want!! We should get the food cooked how we want it at the prices their selling it at! They need to have a serious management reconfiguration. This used to be my favorite place now it's at an all time low! These guys need to be on the Restaurant Stakeout so the owner can see how his business is being ran!
4	Love this place. I eat the cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches and pizza when I go.I have enjoyed every meal, every time, always fresh ingredients prepared well.The staff is very friendly and I really like the ambiance, the prices are fair as well.I wish it were closer, it's an hour and a half drive round trip each time we go, but well worth  the trip.I have taken many friends and business associates to Uncle Sam's and will continue to in the future.I highly recommend you check this place out.Ps. I left my sunglasses there a few weeks ago on a Saturday. They used my credit card receipt to get my name and labeled them with my name. I called the next day, to confirm they had them, 2 weeks later, when I finally went by, they had them waiting for me.... Really cool!
4	Located in a dimly lit strip mall near the 51 highway, and right near a pawn shop, Uncle Sam's is the epitome of "out of the way". But it's location belies its great food. For $15, I feasted on their wings (a little dry but otherwise tasty), fries, salad, and a Blue Moon (can't beat the happy hour price of $1.50). Service was great. Uncle Sam's, I want you (see what I did there?)!
1	Used to get their pizza all the time, but its been a few years. Husband and I stopped today for lunch. Halfway thru my 2nd piece, a cockroach runs across our table. It had been in my husbands napkins. We showed the mgr. he said that they had been having problems but had sprayed. Don't think that I will go back. The pizza is good but apparently the old building has issues.
5	I wish this place was in L.A.  Every trip to Phoenix I come here.  The happy hour beer prices are mind boggling... $6 for a pitcher of Blue Moon?  Count me in!  Wings are A+ and pizza is B+ and prices are dirt cheap!  Oh and everyone is super friendly and the service is very good. Looooove this place.  This is the sort of down home awesomeness that I don't think even exists in Los Angeles.
4	They have a killer happy hour.  We usually get take out but dining in is good too.  I recommend the 4th of July pizza.  Good hot wings, cheese steaks, and grinders.  Always good service.  Killer happy hour.
4	One of my old time favorites after coming out here in the late 80's. Very friendly service. Great sandwiches, pizza, wings and other yummies. You can see the open kitchen when you enter. Nice!We start with a baker's dozen of honey BBQ wings with a side of suicide sauce. I like the Italian grinder with sweet peppers and the wife gets the cheese steak with green peppers and onion.Can get a little noisy when really busy. Several TVs on the wall to watch sports. Try to get there early for lunch or at off peak hours and request to sit up front in a booth.
4	I used to go to Uncle Sam's all the time back in the day! The location on Shea and 32nd is by far the best! I went again last week and sure enough, it did not disappoint!I always get the regular cheese steak sandwich, and sure enough, it was just as good as I remembered! Enjoy!!
4	I've been coming here for almost 20 years. I stopped after the first visit, as the place was so smokey. It took me another 5 years before I revisited, and luckily they had become nonsmoking by then. Good decent food. Great Philly steak sandwiches. The Stromboli is also very nice. Sometimes a wait, maybe 10 minutes at worst. Always cute women servers, but service sometimes spotty. I hate that I ask for a minute or two to look at the menu, and then have to wait 10 minutes to order. I wouldn't care if they got rid of female only servers, as long as they were attentive. They usually have a good weekly special for $8 or so, with drink. Lots of sports on, if that's your thing.
2	I have eaten at Uncle Sam's periodically since 1991. Today was my last time. We attempted to use a discount card that was purchased from a high school fundraiser. I handed the server the card when I ordered. Only after we were done eating she came over with the check and informed us that we couldn't use the card as the single Pepsi didn't count towards the "food order." I had the manager come over and all he did was to argue and tell me that he would get fired if he gave the small discount as it was the "owner's orders." I asked if they were willing to lose a customer over having the proper purchase amount but being just $2.00 short in the "food cost." He essentially told me that if that was how I felt he couldn't do anything about it "owner's orders." If they are so absurdly adamant the card should have been more legible as I couldn't read the fine print even with reading glasses, and the server should have informed me of the fact when I ordered not after the meal was consumed. Any business that is willing to lose a customer over a few cents doesn't deserve to be in business. (The soft drinks are a huge profit margin for them, so the inflexible policy is inane.)On another note the sandwiches are quite good although I can easily make a better Philly Cheesesteak at home. The pizza and wings are merely average. If you want far better wings go, to Sardella's.
5	I love Uncle Sams. It is right next to my boyfriends house so we go there all the time. They have the best wings and their pizza is great too! We also like to get their fried zucchini and mushrooms. Mmmm so tasty! Oh yeah and their beer is really cheap. If they didn't have all of those tv's with sports on my boyfriend might pay a little more attention to me. And I wish they served liquor. But oh well, I still love this place!
5	I rarely give 5 star reviews out, but Uncle Sams deserves it. I always order the half cheese steak with onions, and a side of mayo, ranch and sweet peppers. For a side I usually get either the fries, onion rings, mushrooms, or zuccini. But the fries satisfy me the most. Uncle Sams has the best cheese steak ive had, even better than all the places ive been too on the east coast and in philly.
5	Simply the BEST!
1	Been customer for years, got home with my white 3 meat large pizza and wings! Wow wings always good and as expected for my 25 honey hots!  But my 3 meat white pizza was missing meat!  Every edge and  2 in from the edge had no stinking meat? I'm like what went wrong when I got home! We should have called but what's the pointWhen I have super hungry people, so next time I have to check it I guess!
2	1st day for Cardinal football.  Thought this would be perfect. They raised beer prices by a quarter big deal. But the bad part is no sound for the cardinals game and they kept the juke box going.  We complained about it and they said to bad but the Dallas game that night we could listen to it.  Last year the girls could wear jerseys during football but not this year.  Thanks but no thanks
4	Just had a cheese steak sandwich here and realize that they had NFL happy hour made me very happy and the cheese steak was awesome definitely a comeback to
4	Great place, highly recommend the Philly cheese steak with extra cheese. Only problem is some days it's stacked, others it's way too light.
5	Tonight we are having 2 of Uncle Sam's best - the cheesesteak with mushrooms and extra cheese. The second sandwich is the All-American Grinder (lose the green  peppers and add a large amount of of jalapenos.)  all of this to go so we come watch a recordeding of the Tuesday night NCIS Los Angeles. Just could not get any better.  Hey we like eating at Uncle Sam just as much as the next person , bye you just can't beat take out from this restaurant , so fresh so hot so tasty.
4	Had a 14 inch pizza plus 25 wings and an order of rings.  The Rings are so good.  If you stop by a must try.  The pizza was delicious,  a good thin crust za.  The wings are what we came here for me and my bud like to try wings at new places. Saw the reviews were in the area. So let's go.  The waitress was sweet and provided great service. She did bamboozle us a lil hence only 4 stars hehe.  We asked how the wings were.  She replied they are awesome.  So we ordered 25 hot.  She pauses then tells us that their hot is sometimes compared to other's suicide.  I love a good hot wing but not lookin for heartburn. Tellin us she loves hot stuff and can barely easy like 3 before it becomes too much.  So we order medium.  They were really good and she did bring us sides of the hot sauce to dip and try. It does have a bite.  I am lookin forward to my next visit and gettin the hot.
5	Our regular date night place. Never actually had their pizza, but their cheesesteaks are to die for. Only location we'll go to. Service is always great and they always seat us where we request. Awesome!
1	That awkward moment when you realise that you get what you pay for. I actually use to really like this place. Great happy hour. Good flavors on the wings. I guess the awkward part of it all is that I'm not 23 anymore and my expectations are higher than they use to be. Like tonight, for example. I placed an easy order of happy hour wings and a brew. Well... no. I got a full order. When I informed the server ( young red head with tats behind her ears and plugs) that I only ordered a small order of wings, she offered to get me a box. I figured this was so she didn't have to get management involved with the switch or what not, despite my eager suggestion. Needless to say, the evening continued. I eat one wing... literally one! A cockroach walks onto the bar. It was small and may have been a beetle, but still... ew! ! There goes my appetite!  Words of advice.  If you do decide to come to good ol' Unc' Sam's, wear protection. Serves with mediocre at best. The gals working there are 12, so I don't expect much I suppose. However,  the Peoria location is much better and cleaner ( it seems like). I'm only giving two stars because of the cheap beer and the decent wings. Not good!!! Just decent. I think the beer helps. Long story short. If you have a party and want cheap cheapness... well then you've found... omg... an other cockroach just walked up on the bar! Are you absolutely kidding me!? Im seriously about to freak out and walk out. I don't care if I haven't paid. This is embarrassing!!! DO. NOT.  EAT. HERE!!!
4	Been going to this place since i can remember.  they use to sponsor my little league baseball team!stopped in last week with some work friends from out of town who wanted something different than Mexican Food!  Got the Cheesesteak with onions and peppers, fries and fried zucchini.  like always the food was amazing, the waitress was friendly and we got everything we wanted and refills.the one thing i have to remember is i need to order a HALF since the whole is WAY too much food for me now :)
2	I have been a regular customer for years, but tonight put me over the edge.  Walked in and got seated, waitress took my drink order while I was waiting for my friend. My friend arrived and placed his drink order, his beer took a while to get to table, we both ordered on separate bills, he ordered a 1/4 sandwich and I ordered a half sandwich, His sandwich came 10 minutes before mine, but they brought him a half instead of a quarter, She apologized and said she would only charge him for the 1/4 sandwich.  My order came the food was good but she never brought my side of hot peppers, I also did not get a refill on my tea.  When it was time to get the bill, she told my friend if he took the other part of his sandwich home with him the manager said he would have to be charged for it.  We were stunned, they would rather throw it away instead of giving it to the customer which you gave the wrong order to in the first place, also on his bill they put the wrong price for his beer, that was corrected.  This is not the first time in the last couple of visits that the service was off, or the wrong orders came.  I will take a long break before I go back into Uncle Sam's again, the same with my friend, we probably average going in there about 5 times a month, not anymore, I guess we should have requested one of the waitresses that we know are good servers there like Tiffany, we probably wouldn't have had a problem, but the wise manager I guess does not want our business anymore so we won't spend our money there for a long while.  Maybe they will get their act straight or either we'll see Jon Taffer in there soon.P.S. On one other occasion I walked out because after waiting and not getting my drink after 12 minutes I decided to go somewhere else, So it is my fault for giving them another chance too soon.
2	Not impressed with the service or the pizza.  I was craving some wings and pizza and we were in the neighborhood. We have been here before because we loveee the wings and I thought we loved the pizza.  So we order a small pizza, wings and an appetizer, which was fried zucchini.  We let our waitress know, Aubrey was her name, that we wanted the appetizer first.15 minutes roll around and no appetizer! Plus my husband was out of water and she hadn't come around. Finally a different waitress comes out with our order, minus the appetizer.  I mention to her we haven't received it and our waitress shows up just in time to hear this and basically scolds the other waitress helping out, like it was her fault that we didn't get our appetizer.  So we ask for a refill as she leaves, no problem, or at least we thought, 5 minutes into eating their suicide wings (which are by far the hottest hot wings I have ever tasted) my husband is really in need of that water. Finally I see her come around but with no water, she almost makes it to the table when I see that she realizes the same thing and she does a complete 180, and a few minutes later...daa daa!!! Water!!!  Other than the service completely lacking, and the pizza pretty blah, I enjoyed the wings and zucchini.  Unfortunately it did kinda ruin that satisfaction I was going for since after all I was really craving something more than what I got.
4	First time there and it wasn't too shabby. Thought it would be way worst but service was decent, wings were good and the fried zucchini was BOMB. I like the atmosphere, and the staff was nice. They have big booths which makes it comfortable to eat. Good happy hour prices too. I'll definitely be back.
1	I legitimately will never give this place another try again. The first time we came here (boyfriend and I) we ordered a pizza, mozzarella sticks, and french fries. In the meantime, a waitress was bussing the table behind us and was extremely loud talking to another employee. And when I say loud, I mean LOUD. But that's not what bothered me. What bothered me is what she said... "WOW! I didn't think they were going to tip me that much because they were black!" Referring to the family at the table that had just left.  This is absolutely unacceptable, and I don't care what age, race, or what establishment you work in. Advice to the owners/managers- don't hire ignorant staff! Aside from that the food was just okay. Pizza was comparable to something that comes out of a frozen-food box, mozzarella sticks came out luke-warm (meaning the cheese was hard) and french fries were comparable to what you get in a grade-school cafeteria. Second time we were here we came for what we thought would be a quick lunch. Serivce was so absolutely slow an incompetent. I ordered a garden salad (or whatever version of that is the small version) and the lettuce came out soggy and there was water at the bottom of the salad bowl. Talk about unappetizing. The whole meal service took nearly an hour and twenty minutes. So much for a quick lunch.. 'The third and last time I came here, I came with the idea that maybe "the third time's a charm." Boy was I wrong. I ordered the dinner Ceasar salad, boyfriend ordered a small 7" pizza with buffalo sauce instead of marinara, and we shared a side of fries. My salad came out with the most unappetizing lettuce I have ever eaten in my life. The lettuce was wilted and nearly rotten, and seemed as if the romaine was cut in half (referencing the large pieces of lettuce). His pizza came out with barbeque sauce instead of buffalo. The waitress took it back, but when she did she took the tray and poked and prodded her fingers around the pizza to ensure that it was barbecue and not buffalo. Regardless of the fact that we didn't eat it that's still disgusting. Aside from the terrible food and service, this place is dirty (and by dirty that's a compliment) and dingy and is nothing impressive to look at. No, I will not give this place another try. Sorry, Uncle Sam's.
4	Love the wings. Hot and crunchy.
1	I will never be back. We went once for dinner upon a friend recommending their cheese steak. We ordered an Italian sub and meatball sub. The waitress brought out the food within 3 minutes of ordering. My sub wasn't even hot which was a deal breaker for me. The Italian that I had a bite of had barely any meat on it. Thank goodness the fries were worthy. To top it off, our check was over $30 which is ridiculous for 2 sub-par subs, fries and 2 Cokes. It was Subway quality IMO. I really wanted to like this place.
1	If you're 16 this will probably be right up your alley.  The servers are all young, cute girls but haven't properly been trained.  I went here with friends and ordered a couple of cheese steaks and grilled chicken salad,  both of our steaks were cold by the time they arrived and the chicken was raw.  We told the waitress and she said...oh I'm sorry but that was it.  I don't think the kitchen staff cares what they turn out because they are chasing the girls.  It's gone down hill lately and it's sad because I live in the neighborhood.  I won't go back.
3	Have been going there as long as I can remember but the service has been bad as of late
3	Been going to SAMs for years. Maybe decades. Alas, they seem to be slipping in quality. I hope they don't fade into great places that once were. It's a local hangout and always had a great vibe.  To then owner.  Take care of your legal issues and focus on the basics of SAMs.
3	If you're looking for a top of the line joint with amazing chef's quality food keep looking... but if you're looking for laid back easy going place with mediocre food and halfway decent looking broads with a few hard city miles to serve it too you then this is the spot. Now listen these ladies have no business as real servers and would never make it at a corporately onwed company restaurant but at a place like this where service is 2nd and food quality is 3rd they do ok. If you go to this location sit in Jackie's section. She is fairly dickable and comes off like you might have a shot. IDK if you really would but she lets you think you would probably for tips sake. I ate there yesterday 7/22 around lunch time. I had the 10" pizza with onions ham bell peppers and sausage.  My lady friend had the 7" pepperoni.  Both were pretty "meh". Next time I'll try the wings. I hear they are better...
4	Best friend and I were shopping and as that's such a strenuous activity we worked up quite an appetite.  She'd been talking about the wings at this place for a whole week since she first tried them so we decided to go so I could check it out too.  The building doesn't look like much from the outside and it'd be easy to miss so make sure you're looking closely!It's a lot bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside which I was happy about because no one likes a cramped eating space.  We were greeted and seated right away which is always nice and the hostess was friendly.  Our server arrived quickly as well and was also pleasant.  My friend decided on the Honey Hot boneless wings and I went with Medium, we also wanted to try out the pizza so we split a 10" Pepperoni.The food came out pretty fast which was good because we were hungry.  The wings were a good size, perfectly crispy with the right amount of sauce and they had a great flavor.  The pizza was delicious as well.  We polished off the whole thing and I'm justifying it by telling myself it was small so it's okay.  My only tiny little pet peeve (and this is going to make me sound like a diva...) is that the water tasted like unfiltered tap water.  I hate to bring that up but Arizona water does have it's own special "flavor" and it just wasn't great.  With the exception of that though I loved everything about this place and I will certainly be back soon.
2	Sometimes its excellent, sometimes its the worst.  Never usually anything in between.  I always order the same thing, mushroom pepper cheesesteak and hot wings.  So basically, its a 50/50 shot whether or not you will enjoy your experience.
2	This place is just ok , not the worst divey place I've eaten at but not the best .. The wings are pretty good .. Fried Zuchinni not bad. We also ordered a calzon , no flavor .. Tasted like can and jar ingredients and was cold on the inside .. Asked her to re-heat it and still came back cold.. So we just had it boxed and I will put in the oven when we get home ! Staff seemed friendly , although no one seemed over 16 years old :-/
3	I went after a Phoenix Suns game and it was easy getting seated.  After a long day, the waitress was very very nice.   Very good hoagie (italian submarine). I love the warm bread with the cold cuts and sweet peppers.  We also split Hot chicken wings and they definitely have a kick to them. My brother-in-law had two as it was a bit hot for him.  I thought it was really good and would order them again! This place is not fancy, just good food in a casual setting.
2	The service was good. Ill give them that. Their cheese steak sandwich was terrible. Meat and cheese and bread and a hint of sauce. Ive had a better chese steak sandwich arbys. The bread was great. The meat was over cooked and seemed like it was sitting under a heat lamp for hours. Barely any cheese and almost no sauce. Try somewhere else for a chese steak. Paid $8 for 9 inches of bleh.
4	Would be a 5 star if they brought Siad back. When he ran it, it was clean, fast and the waitresses looked like they could work anywhere. Not so much anymore.
1	Been eating here since I was a kid apprx. 30 years. Undercooked wings have me being no further than 15 ft from a bathroom. Never again.
