5	I think I love this place!Nice app selection you might not see every where. A big wow!   Baked Green Lip Mussels  with a great tasting dynamite sauce, just don't count the calories. If you like to keep it simple, I really enjoyed the vegi Tempura light batter with a choice of two dipping sauces.  mmm this makes my mouth water. Sushi:  I was impressed by the attention to detail and presentation.  check their website to see their selection.  I enjoyed the crunchy but I stick mostly with the basics, Butterfish is not seen on every menu so I tried it and think "Its the best town and all the sushi I tried had great color and extremely fresh.  What will keep me coming back, probably the Tempura ice cream dessert,  this place does it right,  I did not have time to take a photo before it was eaten.  I look forward to having more of the entrees from here.  And the drink menu is creative as well.  Haters,  Ok Robert U your first, you have three friends and one review,Lauren P. you have two reviews including  Top It CupcakesLast Michale H.  you have two reviews both one star.This restaurant deserves to get some more realistic input. Happy eating!
5	UPDATED REVIEW (08/17/12):Since my review below, my husband and I have become regulars at The Sushi Room.  The people there are awesome and make us feel incredibly welcome!  You can't beat their happy hour prices and items.  We love sitting at the sushi bar and talking to Mike, Tony, Sebastian and Aaron.  GM Jeff and his serving staff anticipate our every need. The quality of their fish is top notch.  Although I have yet to have anything there I haven't liked, my favorites are the KIG roll, the tataki salad, Korean bbq beef, yellowtail jalapeno roll, San Tan roll, and their happy hour hand rolls are awesome!  When we're sitting at the sushi bar, sometimes the sushi chefs will make us their own creations and honestly, they're always amazing!  I still highly recommend this place!  You will love it!PREVIOUS REVIEW (Nov. 11, 2011):"I highly recommend this place!  The restaurant is beautiful, service is awesome and the food is delicious!  Chris was our server and he was super friendly, efficient and recommended some amazing appetizers and sushi.  The sushi choices were very creative with different types of sauces and the fish was beautifully cut and extremely fresh.   I'm looking forward to going back so that I can try more menu items."
1	Came here for my wife's birthday and had the worst experience I've ever had at any restaurant in my lifetime. No exaggeration. We go out to eat all the time and I spent many years waiting tables, so I'd thought I'd seen it all, but this experience takes the cake.Many details follow, but the worst moment came when after a comedy of errors, we complained to our server and she explained that it was our fault. She specifically explained that she *warned* us that the restaurant was poorly run and then walked away. Specifics:- Barely saw our server, couldn't get drinks or plates cleared.- Had a reservation confirmed for a week, but they couldn't seated us for 45 minutes.- Friend ordered the ribs as an appetizer and was served a plate of bones and fat. (This did get corrected and a plate of decent ribs was later presented.)- Friend ordered a draft beer that was "undrinkable". After sending it back, was presented with a bottle. When he asked if he could have a glass, our server said "No. That was the problem the first time. Something is the matter with all of our glasses."- After ordering, no food 45 minutes later. Server came around to say "there is a big problem with the sushi. I yelled at them, but they're not moving very fast." All food except for sushi was presented, and literally 45 minutes after everyone had finished eating, we still had no food at all. (See previous about being warned.)- When the meal was over, we asked to speak to a manager. We were told by our server she was a manager. When we asked to speak to an owner, our server explained that all the owners "had left". She literally left us with the impression that we had no recourse.We were so incensed at the end of the meal, that one of our party went over to the Living Room (which we love and attend frequently) and asked for someone there (they're owned by the same people). At that point we actually got an owner that was really cool. He apologized profusely. He said that our experience was "unacceptable". He took our phone numbers and promised to invite us back to correct the problems. I hope he actually does this. The fact that it took over three hours for someone to apologize was unbelievable.I would highly recommend you stay away from this place. That the restaurant is running poorly is bad, that they look at you dismissively and tell you that they warned you they don't know what they're doing is unacceptable.
1	Our family decided to try The Sushi Room based on Groupon deal. At 5:45 on Friday, there's a decent happy hr crowd and good selection of happy hour prices. The goodness stops there. Although there's an imaginative array of sushi roll items, the service was unimpressive. Our waiter mixed up our drinks order a couple times. The edamame is drenched in some kind of sesame oil (you typically order edame for something light and refreshing, not oily and unhealthy). Our kids were happy to see they make some kind of Cap'n Crunch chicken--no can do! It's off the menu...how long have they had this menu-two wks?Like other Yelpers, service was by slow and backed up. They forgot about an order so we finally cxl'd it. The owner gave us a couple free sushi coupons for our next visit, but I doubt I will put them to use.
1	I would not recommend this place to anyone.  The hot food was okay.  The sushi was not good.  They even forgot to sear the beef on top of their "special roll."  Service horrible.  On a busy Friday night, there were no managers or owners present after 8pm.  If you bought a groupon, I would turn it back in.
1	I give the Sushi Room three months before it closes. The problem with this place isn't the food, it's the horrific service and ridiculous overpricing of each item. I bought a groupon and went to this place on a Sunday night with my husband and another couple, who had also purchased a groupon. It wasn't very full, so we were seated right away. Our drink order was taken promptly, but it started to fall apart when we ordered appetizers. I ordered a seaweed salad, but was brought a squid salad. This is after I asked the server specifically about the salad. It became apparent later that he wasn't very bright. In general, the food we actually received was good. However, I will agree with another poster that the edamame coated with sesame oil was not exactly the light fare you expect when ordering edamame. We also ordered a selection of items including nigiri, sashimi, rolls, and the Sushi Room beef. Our rolls came out, and were actually pretty tasty. My friends really enjoyed the beef dish as well. But then we sat and waited for the nigiri and sashimi. After 20 minutes, my friend asked the server where his food was, and was told, "I know it's not out yet, they're making it." So we waited longer. Ten minutes later, we confronted the server and asked him specifically about the nigiri and sashimi. It turns out our server completely forgot to flip the sushi sheet over to see if we ordered anything besides rolls. And naturally, he told us that he throws the sheets away after he puts in an order. Very clever.My friend opted not to get the nigiri he ordered, but my husband still wanted the 3 types of sashimi he initially submitted. You'd think that his order would've been given priority or would be delivered with some sense of urgency, but this wasn't the case. 15 minutes after the server put in the order, 2 of the 3 sashimi were brought out. 4 tiny slivers of fish (a bite each at most) were delivered at a cost of 12 bucks. It probably should've taken the chef a grand total of one minute for the fish to be sliced and plated. We then waited an additional 10 minutes for the remaining sashimi (seared tuna) to be delivered.The server opted to split the check in half without regard to what each couple ordered without asking us. (Yes, we probably would have diplomatically split the check that way anyway, but ask, especially if there is a difference in price between what the 2 couples ordered!) You'd think that the sashimi would be comped (my husband acknowledged each 3 dollar bite of fish as he ate it) seeing how long it took to arrive, but it wasn't. To add insult to injury, the bill still contained the squid salad, which was 2 dollars more than the seaweed salad I actually consumed. Fortunately this was quickly fixed. Knowing that we would never, ever return to this place, we tried to submit both of the groupons we had purchased. The server told us he would acknowledge both coupons this time, but "in the future, it was one groupon per table". I don't think he had the sense to understand that there was not going to be a future with us and the Sushi Room. I would avoid this place like the plague.
4	Came here after I got my groupon with a friend for lunch.  I was pleasantly surprised the south east valley had a sushi place with such a trendy ambiance.  Prices may be a bit higher than other places, but you're paying for great ambiance and extremely fresh sushi.  I ordered nigiri and sashimi, so I can't comment on the rolls they make.  The salmon I had was buttery, and the tuna was fresh.Service was fine for us at lunch, but I can see it would be slower at night being a new restaurant.  Our server Heather was friendly and outgoing and refilled our drinks in a timely manner.  I think given some time this place can work out the kinks.It really depends on what you're looking for at dinner.  It's more upscale than Kona Grill yet still having a relaxed vibe.  I would consider the Sushi Room similar to a Stingray of the south east valley.If I'm ever back in the area.. I'd definitely drop in for lunch again.
2	Ambiance yes.... sushi not so great!Eel was fishy tasting, not very fresh same with Big eye tuna.A few other sushi places in area offer fresher fish but with less ambiance.
3	Service was OK, food good but location was beautiful. I found this place through Groupon. My friend and I sat outside on a calm Saturday afternoon.  The restaurant was mostly empty except for two other parties. The outdoor seating is fabulous. The service was adequate. Though there was one odd incident with our waitress. When we asked her how to eat a particular roll my friend ordered, she said "Very carefully." and walked away to her coworkers to chat. Weird. Other than that, the service was fine. As for the food, I recommend the sunshine rolls if you like a little spice. I thought they were delicious.  I also tried the tuna nagiri and enjoyed it. Don't get the edamame. It was very salty and tough. In sum, if you want a decent sushi place to dine al fresco in the Chandler area, I'd recommend The Sushi Room.
4	I went here on a tuesday night with my groupon and enjoyed it. It's very laid back and a great place for a girls night out or date night. The sushi was fresh and flavorful. I wish I would've tried their specials because they sounded delicious. We had 3 rolls, a salad, fresh sushi, a beer, and a martini for $60 (before groupon discount).The service was good. The staff is knowlegdable, personable, and attentive. I like this place and will go back.
2	I was really hyped up about this place only to be let down. Everyone talks about ambiance at this place on the reviews I mean Come on People! This place has simple and basic decor the tree in the front blocks the energy in the room and the host stand is too tiny and off to the side so they have more rooms for tables. The service is so slow....the tables were too small so we didn't have enough room for the food. The food was mediocre at best.
5	Dobson and Queen Creek?!?!?! Isn't that like... Mexico?It doesn't matter! The drive was worth it.  We got there at around 7:30 and the place was ROARING with people.  As we waited for a table, some drunk chick passes us as she was leaving and said "Sit at the bar! The sushi chef is so awesome! He'll take care of you, just tell him I sent you!" "I've had some (slurred) saki bombs..."He sure did take care of her... Needless to say, we stayed away from the bar.We got seated pretty fast, and were wedged in between two couples.  I say wedged, because the tables were so close to each other, that by the end of the night, our conversations all swirled together and we found ourselves talking to complete strangers about Groupon, Marriage, and Real Estate. They were good peeps.So, yeah.  We bought a groupon for this place and I am so glad we did.  We ended up getting a Philly roll, a Spicy Yellowtail roll, a Spicy Salmon roll, and the Wicked roll.Philly: Was one of the best philly's I've ever tasted. I believe it was the quality of the salmon they used. very firm, clean, and great flavor.Spicy Yellowtail/Spicy Salmon: Not firm like the philly because they have to blend it with the heat they add.  Great flavor though. We were extremely happy with the taste and quality.Wicked: Holy $4!7!!! The Wicked was well... wicked. Sinful even! It was a normal California Roll, with avocado, cilantro, and jalapeno inside. Served on top of that delicious sweet Thai pepper sauce! It took all I had not to lick the plate in the aftermath. We should have ordered two of these had I not been afraid of being labeled a "pig" and thrown out.The decor was really nice. Modern, clean, RED. Service was top notch, and the ambience was exciting (a little loud, but in a "hopping" kind of way)We will definitely go back to this place. Soon!5 Star... BAM!
5	Had a wonderful experience!Went in for lunch on a Saturday. The restaurant is beautifully decorated with a clean and open design. I really like the living art on the wall...We sat on the patio and our service was wonderful.They have happy hour from 11-6 everyday! I had the traditional and watermelon mojitos and they were amazing for only $5!Now on to the food...We ordered three rolls (see picture) and a Teriyaki Chicken bento box (see picture). Everything was presented beautifully. The bento box was good, I really like the octopus/squid salad that comes with it. The miso soup was really good as well. The real stars here are the special rolls. The first one we had was the Tiger. It was more of a standard roll, good but nothing too exciting. The second was the Truffle Steak. OMG, this was delicious its topped with rare beef, truffle aioli and fried onions. My absolute favorite was the Spicy Chandler. Spicy tuna, spicy crab, avocado, masago, romaine lettuce, wrapped in soy paper with spicy aioli and it was ridiculously good! It is a must order when you eat here.I am a huge fan of this place and I cannot wait to go back!!!
3	good sushi well prepared, little pricey but sushi is getting pricey everywhere.  Was going to Otaku but this place is superior in quality and price.  Happy hour is really good.  would like to see them make spicer rolls, their version of spicey is lame.  Nice decor and great patio
4	Sure, the first time I came here was with a Groupon in hand, but I came back 7 days later ready to pay the full fare.  I love the ambiance of the dining area, and the food is great.  Looks like they've worked out any kinks with their service, as ours was impeccable on both visits.I really enjoyed the lunchtime Chicken Katsu Bento Box, the Yellowtail Jalapeno specialty roll, and the Tempura Ice Cream.  Even my 15 month old granddaughter ate everything I sent her way.  The Sushi Room has quality and taste that span generations.
3	Oh Mylanta...After going on a Groupon, we decided to go for our 3-year-anniversary.  We arrived at the middle of nowhere hoping for an oasis in the middle of the desert. Not the case. First, when we arrived, nobody was at the front.  Being yelled at from the back to choose anywhere to sit.  We were one of about 4 groups there and seemed promising. We sat down under some leafy decor "living wall" thing.  In all seriousness though, the decor is absolutely stunning. I loved it.  Definitely a star for that. Just make sure that if you're 6'0'' or taller to not sit under the greenery wall.What we found is that everyone HAS to pool tips, because there is zero incentive for anyone to be attentive. We were sat by a guy who claimed to be our server and then disappeared sitting behind the bar.  So then we got a girl who was happy to help us (his table) because she walked by our table more often.DRINKSSO, drinks. I got the Watermelon Mojito and my boyfriend got the Pitchfork Pale Ale. The Pitchfork (out of Tempe) Pale Ale is actually fantastic and a bit more mild than the typical Pale Ale.  Unfortunately, the Watermelon Mojito was the WORST mojito I have EVER had in my lifetime.  Being in a relationship with bartender (by night) I can safely say that the person behind the bar has NO idea what they're doing.  First, I had 4 mint leaves that were DEFINITELY not muddled.  The Watermelon is like the fresh watermelon juice you buy at fresh and easy.  BUT it had about 50-60% rum in it ad was almost undrinkable.  I definitely thought there would at least be a splash of Watermelon Pucker or the like to jazz it up a but.  But no.  It was Watermelon juice, a lot of very cheap rum, and 4 mint leaves.  Utter disappointment.THE APPSNext were the apps. We ordered the Fire sticks, Spicy Tuna 'n' Chips and the Black Shrimp Garlic Sauce thing.  (Can we talk about how whoever dreamed up the menu is extremely confused about whether or not they want to be American/Traditional or a Sushi place?)  First the Fire sticks were either old fish or premade and frozen because the quality was worse than freezer brand fish sticks.  They were disgusting, plus they gave 3 straw sized sticks.  That's a ridiculous number for $8.  Absolute dog food. The Spicy Tuna 'n' Chips is FANTASTIC.  Unbelievable concept, great sauces. However, whoever is making the chips is not cooking them long enough or the recipe is bad because they crumble in your hands. so the amazing tuna you almost want to scoop up with your hands because the chips are such poor quality.  If you'd like a good example for a house made chip, see "the fried wonton chip at Hula's Modern Tiki". Lastly, the Black Garlic disappointment was a joke.  They were two skewers, 3 shrimps a piece.  They were grilled beyond repair and just tasted like char.  whatever garlic butter loveliness was nowhere to be found. THE ENTREESWe moved on to the Entrees.  We ordered 4 rolls, a Nigiri order of Tuna, and a denial of an order of Nigiri Toro (fatty tuna).  Apparently they don't feel the need to write this on the menu, but they only have toro on the weekends.  P.S. It's $10 for the two pieces. A typical price, but based on what I saw with the Tuna, it doesn't seem worth it. The K.I.G. - pretty legit, 3/5Vegas - AMAZING, it came out warm and melted in my mouth.  Disappointing it's only like 6 pieces for $9.  5/5. This added the other star. The Sushi Room - Pretty good.  It's got that weird American/Traditional vibe but on this one it works. 4/5Wicked - Okay.  It's a great concept but what they do is pour the Thai chili sauce on the plate and place the roll on top.  The problem though is that  it's not enough sauce, because without the sauce it's just another crab roll. SO, preemptively order extra sauce.  But as is on the menu, it gets 2/5.  with extra sauce it would probably go up to 4/5. Tuna Nigiri - It was a joke.  The pieces were about 1.5 cm's by 4 cm's.  It was dry and old.  Probably the WORST Tuna I have ever had.  Not worth it. Stick with the rolls. DessertI am obsessed with Mochi, so I ordered that.  It is a mango, a chocolate and a strawberry mochi all cut in half so there are 6 pieces.  Perfect for a couple to try each flavor.  It was basic,  I can buy the same quality from Trader Joe's. The mango was definitely the best.  4/5The last star comes from our waitress who was very attentive.  (The one with tattoos.) She stepped up to the plate when our guy went missing.  Even so far as to bring me a whole bowl of ginger when she realized that I was going through it like crazy. If you're in the area, definitely stop by if you want to burn through some cash.  Otherwise, I'm hearing the Living Room is way better.  Good luck. : )
3	The food here is tasty, fresh, and they have great lunch specials. Their mixed drinks are terrible, but their wine and beer list is decent. My problem is with the service Every time we've been here, no matter whether it's lunch or dinner, there's been a problem. I always have to ask multiple times for water. You have to ask them to bring a sushi setup of ginger and wasabi. (And for four people this weekend they only brought one skimpy little plate.) If you're on the patio they tend to forget about you completely. They've run short on glasses, menus, and soy sauce on various visits. I've had friends who need forks for their meals (not everyone is excited about eating a large salad with chopsticks) and I'm not even sure if the restaurant has any, because they never brought them out. If it weren't for the fact that the food really is excellent, I wouldn't go again. Hoping that they iron out the serving issues soon, because we need local places to succeed!
5	This was my first visit with my girls, sister, & niece and we loved it. We arrived around 5 pm on a Friday evening and were very pleased to find they had Happy Hour going on.  We were also able to use my Groupon on anything not on the Happy Hour items so that was a bonus.  We all enjoyed the atmosphere and the staff were very attentive but, most importantly they served very fresh tasting Sushi.  We all are looking forward to returning very soon. I would suggest arriving early as when we left around 7:30 pm there was a wait.
4	I met a friend for lunch on a Friday mid-day.  Weather was beautiful so we sat outside.  Great and very attentive service.  I was surprised at the number of lunch combo options - the only issue is most of them come with a spicy tuna roll (never been a fan) and sashimi.  It would be nice to see combos of multiple rolls offered.  When we got our food though I was again pleasantly surprised at how large the dish was (I got the sashimi combo, changed the roll to a Philly Roll and then had 3 of each Salmon, Ahi, and Yellowtail sashimi) - it was more than enough to fill me up.  The happy hour wine pricing from 11-6 is a fabulous feature of this restaurant!Overall, we had a very nice experience, I would choose lunch over dinner just because of price.
5	We live right by the Sushi Room but didn't give it a try until they had a groupon available...well we will definitely be back! The atmosphere was amazing, the service was fast, and the sushi was delicious! The decor of the restaurant screams 5 star and it was not as pricy as we expected it to be. The wifey and I share their fried ika (calamari) and 3 specialty rolls and walked out of there spending less than $40! In addition to that, the manager or server handed us 2 free sushi roll cards for next time.
5	the food was fantastic, rarely you can get fresh wasabi root, it's the bomb diggity! to die for and ask for dave-great service and quick-all fresh fish! love the guava monitors!
1	Had dinner here last Saturday night.  We were seated right away. Food was decent.... service sucked. Couldn't get refils on our drinks. Mixed drinks also suck btw. I'd like a little alcohol in them if I'm paying $6 a drink. Our waiter was never around so we kept asking other servers to help us.  Instead of waiting on tables they seemed to all gather at the end of the bar for story time. Some sort of uniform should be required. If you are marketing yourself as a upscale Sushi restaurant your servers shouldn't be wearing ripped t-shirts and polo's with the number 87 on the back.  I won't be back. I can drive 2mins down the road to Kona Grill and get great sushi and great service.
4	The sushi is SUPER good here!!! Very creative combinations....if you are a traditionalist, STAY AWAY, otherwise, your tastebuds are in for a treat!!I loved the Hawaiian roll, wow, who would've thought strawberries would taste good with fish? but, they DO! It's actually a little bit confusing when you first taste it, I suppose because you simply don't know what to expect. I would say the flavors are not sweet or savory, but very refreshing and light on the palate.I also had the valelntine roll, which I LOVED!!! The flavors are insane, so good and savory...I love the aioli on top. All the fish was super fresh, including the yellowtail sashimi we had. I actually liked that better than the toro we ordered, but, that too was good.The only thing lacking here is customer service. We ate here for a late lunch, so the place was pretty much empty, (only two other tables were full, besides ours) It was very difficult to get our servers attention....we had to ask twice for our water, and we had to get up and find her to finally get our bill. So, needless to say, we were a bit dissappointed with that. The restaurant itself is very modern and well decorated. Loved the outdoor seating, very bright and beautiful with white and blue colors. Very mediterranean!Over all, I'm sure we will be back because this sushi is just too good not to be eaten! P.s. they also have a lot of great things on their happy hour menu; we will DEF be back for that!
5	Can i just say, Awesome. Found this on Veebow on my smart phone. Downloaded the deal when I got there....Amazing Sushi. Was a Sakana fan, but this just burst to #1. They have to have the Best Happy Hour as well. I used there 25% coupon from Veebow, but I am now proud to say I am a regular here at the Sushi Room.
5	Excellent food and service. I've seen bad reviews on service, but we've always sat at the bar. Not a traditional sushi restaurant, but great starters  and entrees. Happy hour specials are also great.
5	The people and the service was great.Great patio and the Happy Hour is unreal.If you like Sushi, you'll Love the Sushi room.
5	Saw some good reviews here so decided to try it out as we are Sushi fans.The restaurant is set with one side wide open to the patio which you enter through. I and my 15-year-old  hit it perfectly, weekend crowd (Sunday I believe) good amount of people, but not a crowd, it being a bit early for dinner and way late for lunch. Warm and inviting on the patio as we were close to the building and away from the outer edge. Waiters were there refilling drinks, delivering food, and picking up empty plates, making sure we had what we needed without a delay. Just right service. Friendly, chatty, personable, and got the job done.My daughter tried the Sashimi assortment, I went for the Nigiri-sushi assortment; we split the Hawaiian tuna poke appetizer which was fantastic.  Both of us loved what we got, and would love to go back.  Was very relaxing and vacation-like experience for us.Though pricey (we came out with about an $80 tab), will still be back, though will save for those days we want to splurge on ourselves.
3	Yea....the sushi isn't the best.....good for happy hour but that is about it. The envitonment is okay at best....i guess am not sure why this place is great. I would give it another shit.
5	We loved this place!  We went here last Saturday night to for a birthday celebration.  Not a single person in our group of 9 had anything negative to say about the restaurant.The one tip I would give the management is to have someone at the front to seat people.  We stood there for longer than necessary waiting for someone to address us.  That being said, this is probably the best sushi I've had in the Phoenix area.  And the atmosphere is outstanding. For dinner, I had the California Special and the The Sushi Room Roll.  Both were interesting and exciting.  Their sushi menu is really interesting and has some combinations I've never heard of.  Everyone was so happy with their food that they got greedy and stopped sharing!  Highly, highly recommend this place.
4	Truly this place was delicious. Groupon brought us here, without it we would have never known it was tucked away chandler. I had butterfish sashimi with real wasabi and they were decadent. I LOVE that they have real wasabi, I thought it was delicious and fun to order and try. We ordered 2 other rolls and they were both flavorful and fun as well. No complaints from me, it did not blow me away but it was fresh and fun and really flippin good!
1	The food and ambiance is great. SERVICE IS AWFUL!!! Went there this Sunday for dinner with my family and last night with friends. Different waiters. Both incompetent. One didn't know what a cucumber roll was (what?). The other spilled water all over my dress when I specifically asked him not to clear drinks over me (he tried to impress us by overloading himself and spilled on me as expected). We had to send all of the water back because all the glasses were dirty. Gross.Everything takes FOREVER. Both nights if someone asked for anything - utensils, chopsticks, napkins, water (yeah, we had to ask for those), our server either would forget or not come back with what we asked for. They are too busy chatting amongst themselves instead of working (we can see you back there!)Honestly, the place has potential. The food is good so they have that going for them. But the service is so utterly lacking to the point the food can't even make up for it. They need a management overhaul.
5	BEST sushi place in the East Valley!  Friendly staff, too!
4	Food was great and happy hour prices were very good too.  Service was a little slow once we got our food.  Never did get asked if we needed a drink refill.  Waiter was nice, just seemed like he had too much to do and was rushing around a lot.
1	The service was PATHETIC. They gave away the last of the only TWO high chairs they have to a family that came in after us. Our waitress was also theirs so don't know why she did that. She then pretended to look around for one while we stood by our table. After a few minutes she proceeded to send another waiter to take our drink orders pretending like all was well. When we told this waiter that we needed a high chair, he immediately looked at her standing 5 feet away and she just shrugged. We took this as our clue to leave and never return there or to their other restaurant The Living Room.
4	Go for happy hour, great prices! Thursday date night, all-day happy hour Sunday, and pretty much all of their specials really are a GREAT value. Some of the best sush I've had around here, and it's close to home. I highly recommend!
4	Great happy hour.  I travel alone for work and sat at the bar.  It was swanky but not over top.
5	My first time to The Sushi Room was last night & I was very impressed. Ordinary, "simple" rolls were $5-7 and the "Signature" rolls are $10-12. I got the Sunshine Roll & Wicked Roll. Delicious!! Very interesting and creative mixture of ingredients. So flavorful and I'm so used to putting wasabi on sushi but this was so distinct & flavorful that I didn't want to mask any flavor. I love the outside patio has seating as well as couches. Very swanky ;)
5	Went here over the weekend with a large group and stayed for hours. We had the pleasure of testing a large portion of the menu, and everything was excellent. To be fair- I'm a casual sushi fan and not a connoisseur, but it was better than the usual spots I hit, like Kona. The service was unequaled- there was a ton of seamless teamwork and it was evident they really cared about our experience.My favorite was the Wicked Roll- I had one and a half of these myself! The sweet Thai chili sauce is amazing!The thing I didn't love, and this is picky, but they have an ENORMOUS front door that lets in a lot of light in the late afternoon. It disturbs the ambiance and vibe of the place every time a new patron walk in.I highly recommend Sushi Room to anyone who likes sushi, or who wants a great spot to hang out in south Chandler.
5	Love this place.  First came upon it through Groupon and we have been going back ever since.  The atmosphere is rockin as well.  Have daily specials that are worth it.
4	I really like it here. The food is great, love the crunchy roll and the california special, but the water always tastes weird. Like a funky, almost dirty taste. Order a diet coke or something instead. The service is all right...nothing exceptional but it's not horrendous. Good place for sushi in Chandler! Definitely go for happy hour.
3	I'm a snob about Japanese food, which I know and this accounts for three stars instead of the two I would personally give it. On a Friday night, the service was good, friendly and prompt, but the ambiance was a must-miss.  Quite crowded, very noisy, music loud, but even over that I heard the entire conversation from the table 6 inches in back of me  - the person nearly bumped my head when he stretched his arms  We had to walk around the restaurant to squeeze out the door. I'm particular about where I eat sushi in Arizona, and avoid it if it looks Americanized and average, as this did.  Instead, we opted for the kalbi ('short ribs"), nicely done, decent sauce, generous but not ridiculous sized portions.  The chicken katsu was a disappointment:  too salty, the sauce tasted too much like a modified ketchup, not like katsu sauce at all, the breading too thick for a true katsu, although the chicken was tender and done just right.  Average wine list, so we had tea. Doubt if we'll add this to our list.
4	Let me start of by stating that Katie was our server, and she is destined for so much more.  I cant say enough about her attention to customer service.  Bravo!They have good lunch specials, and great summer specials:* SUNDAY: All day HH prices and kids eat free* MONDAY: 1/2 price rolls for any roll on the menu* TUESDAY: 1/2 price sake bombers* WEDNESDAY: GROUPOFF Night, spend $15 - get $30* THURSDAY: Beat The Heat. The high of that day determines the percentage off your bill, ranging from 20% if it reaches 100 degrees to 40% if it reaches 115 degrees.Great ambiance, great decor, great food... and they have outdoor seating for those beautiful evenings.  Having a small get together?  Check out their intimate table tucked away in an alcove (left side when you walk in) which seats between 6 to 8 guests.
1	Staff was outright rude.  They were condescending, never apologized once for the wait.  Also saw crickets and roaches near kitchen and in bathrooms which made me want to vomit.  Unless you want a roach roll do not eat here!  I will be spreading the word that this place should be condemned!
3	Both times I've been to The Sushi Room so far, was with a Groupon.  Due to Groupon rules, any Happy Hour items we ordered didn't apply to our available balance, but it looked like some good deals.  I'd probably only return if it were happy hour prices (or another Groupon!).The food was very good.  The Kappa rolls were amazing, but everything we tried was good.  The atmosphere would have been just fine with maybe 20% fewer tables.  It felt too crowded, and I literally knocked into two people trying to get out of the restaurant.  There were no main aisles to walk down, one must squeeze between other customers.  The area at the front door is so small, that when you open the door, you must stop in the doorway because the hostess is *right there* and wait to be seated.The first time I went, the service was fine.  Nothing to write home about, but nothing awful.  The second time, I took some issue with our server.  She was clearly busy, but in so much of a rush, she made the process harder on everyone.  As she tried to explain different rolls or menu items, she spoke so quickly that I rarely understood what she actually said.  She'd walk away and our table would look at each other hoping someone could translate, all feeling a bit dumbstruck.  We saw the same expression on the neighboring tables faces too!  While I know I could have asked for a drink at any time, she never bothered to offer one or ask if we'd like one.  I didn't think about it until the food came, so by then I decided water was fine.  Another waitress who helped her carry plates out had a much friendlier demeanor.  Our server just rubbed me the wrong way.  Prices and food are comparable to other sushi restaurants, but between the service and cramped dining area, The Sushi Room does not top my list... it's "ok".
3	This one is a hard one to rate, so i'm going to do it the good-old fashion category break down so the numbers don't lie:1- Service - Service was prompt when we arrived, but it also was a pretty-dead Monday evening; our server guy was friendly and knowledgeable and agreed with us that the red wine SHOULD NOT be served at any colder than 50-60F range; When the bills came, it was a huge mess and for the order screw-up mid-meal, I think the imposed 20% gratuity should not have been valid.2- Cleanliness - Place is modern, new and appears to be clean, though it was dark inside and we couldn't exactly see too many details.3- Food quality - I had sashimi and the other gals had rolls; I've also experienced some rolls in previous visits that were OK; I guess I wouldn't say that their sushi blows me away or is something I've ever craved.. and I do love sushi but have yet to find a good equivalents to my experiences many years ago at Shimogamo and at Hiro Sushi in N. Phx.4- Pricing - Pricey sashimi, but then again, sashimi shouldn't be discounted if it's high-quality.. not implying that because I paid $25 for 15pc that it is high quality; Their wine glasses are affordable and their rolls are, too.5 - I am saving this star for the experience - The experience? Meh.  I've had way better and I've had way worse.  I was mostly turned off by the screwing up of one of the gal's order which was really simple and the fact that there was no apology or price fix, etc.. basically she ate AFTER we all ate because they screwed her order up.  Also, I wasn't thrilled with drinking a COLD ASS glass of red.. yeah, I'm in Arizona and it's summer and it's appropriate to drink cold whites, but not ice cold reds!
3	I was able to try a couple of rolls and sake at this restaurant last night. I was very impressed with the first roll which was some sort of tempura shrimp roll w/ yummy eel like sauce and jalapenos on top,delish! This was a total standout for me. I also really enjoyed the seaweed salad that also had tuna in it (never seen a versions like this before). They have great specials! half-off rolls on Mondays and group-off on Wed which is $15 for $30 of food. Check it out!
4	Had a nice Yelp event there. The options are not super creative but the rolls were good. GM is a nice guy and so are the sushi chefs... I'll be back.
4	I had a chance to eat here for a yelp event.  The restaurant isn't huge,  but very well decorated.  I really enjoyed the poke and one roll with tempura shrimp.  So delicious.  The rest of the sushi was fine.  I am interested in trying other items.  Before the event, I had not had sushi in so long.  I am now craving it again!  Service was really good too!
3	All day happy hour on a Sunday is a GREAT marketing technique because The Sushi Room is out there. The atmosphere is nice, they played a mix from early punk, 90's rock, some 80's mix. I feel like this would be a great place to come back to when the weather is nicer to sit outside on their patio, very hip and relaxed, though the decor was very clean and traditional. The bathrooms were something less to be desired, the family (bigger) bathroom was flooded, the girl's bathroom was dirty, had no toilet seat covers and didn't have a toilet paper holder either. The giant roll was just placed on the back of the toilet. Grateful I had something to wipe with, but the whole bathroom experience could've been much better with some basic necessities.The service experience was just okay. The waitress didn't help or offer any suggestions while we surveyed the menu and she was super slow to come back and check on us.The sushi, I'm sad to say, didn't have any zing that would make me want to pick this joint over something much closer to my house. IF they had any signature rolls, our less-than-helpful waitress did not point them out, which is sad, because they lost a great opportunity to shine. I wish our waitress would've explained that their Vegas roll wasn't deep fried like most restaurants. No, they do something very different, and it would've been nice to know because I wouldn't have ordered it. Instead, I was disappointed because it wasn't what I was expecting or wanted. I will be back Sushi Room...I'm going to see if your entrees are better than the rolls. I also hope I get a better server next time around.
3	Bumping up my rating 2 stars...I'm a risk taker so I decided to buy the latest Groupon here and give it another shot (despite my first 2 awful experiences). No way this is the same place I came to in May! Very happy to report that I had a great dinner with excellent service. Honestly, it's like night and day. New management? Brand new staff? I don't know what happened but it's working for them.To start I had a skinny blueberry lemondrop. It was ok. Kind of weird tasting, probably not anyone's fault but the sugar-free triple sec. The chicken yakitori had good flavor but was a little on the dry side.The rolls were really good. We had the kappa roll and Hawaiian roll. The kappa is wrapped in cucumber, which I thought was tasty and well executed. Hawaiian roll was beautiful (even though I don't think strawberry goes with it flavor wise). I do wish there was more of the butterfish in there.The rolls are pretty good, just not that creative. It seems like every one has crab mix and avocado in it.Service was great! We were greeted warmly, sat quickly, drinks out right away. Our server and hostess were really sweet to my kids and I totally appreciate that. Our server was very attentive. I actually forgot to mention Groupon and our server took care of it right away, no hassle or attitude.I think there is still room for improvement but I definitely have changed my opinion about this place. Will return.
5	Love their sashimi
4	I enjoyed my visit here, food is good and is so much better then the rubber stamped sushi restaurants.  Not a big place but big enough to have a good time and conversation while enjoying great sushi. I have only had sake and beer.. not sure if they have a full bar but I will check it out next time.
5	So lets start with a few things.1. We live in North Phoenix up by I-17 and the 101 so this is a haul and to make us drive that far to specifically go to a restaurant it must be good.2. We took my 2 year old son3. We took my dad who is not really a Sushi fan.Now having said all that, everyone at our table had a fantastic time. We had the K.I.G. roll, the Vegas roll, a Philly roll, the Special California Roll, and a few others that escape my memory and then....the Garlic Edamame. Seriously this is the best Edamame I have ever had. I love garlic and I love Edamame....I could have eaten this by the bucket full.The had panko breaded chicken strips for my 2 year old who thought they were delicious, having said that he is an extremely picky eater but his dad decided to try feeding him with chopsticks. He would try ANYTHING as long as it came on those two sticks (go figure).My Dad really enjoyed the California Roll. We had the opportunity to talk with one of the managers, I was extremely surprised to hear that they own all the Humble Pie's as well. (I love their fig jelly pizza OMG).We had a great time and we will certainly make the drive again to eat here. (Also to note if you don't have your two year old with you, there is a place they own next door called the Living Room it is a wine bar and it is FANTASTIC!)
2	What a difference a year makes, from attending the opening last October to our experience last night. To put it kindly it was disappointing. From an overtly apathetic server to the mediocre food it was "no bueno" all round. Specifically it started out with no one there to greet us and eventually a server telling us to sit wherever we like, so we found our own way to a patio table that was gritty with wind-blown silt. We ordered with no assist or any server alliteration of the menu then wine. We noticed a Malbec favorite of ours was no longer in the wine list so we asked the server about it and his only comment was we changed the wine list. Our red wine order arrived chilled and tasted like the bottle had been open for some time. Our food order arrived with no ceremony at all, simple set on the table and away the server went, only to return basically at the end of our meal. We paid and left, no thank you nada! The Sushi Room has fallen into a Robert Irvine abyss, so sad so soon.
5	Quite impressed.I wish their prices were a little lower, but The Sushi room delivers in every other way. The service is fantastic, the atmosphere is terrific, and the food is outstanding.We had received some gift cards and couldn't wait to use them, our waiter was incredibly helpful and friendly and even gave us 10% off and comped us on a dish that was late to our table. No hesitation. I like that a lot. They have some specials, nothing that really blew me away but some is better than none. Although they did have this garlic edamame that was rather terrific. It's a shame that Sushi Room is a bit out of the way for us, but if you are in the neighborhood it is worth checking out. (Also be sure to stop at the Living Room next door for an after-dinner glass of wine!)
2	What a difference a year makes, from attending the opening last October to our experience last night. To put it kindly it was disappointing. From an overtly apathetic server to the mediocre food it was "no bueno" all round. Specifically it started out with no one there to greet us and eventually a server telling us to sit wherever we like, so we found our own way to a patio table that was gritty with wind-blown silt. We ordered with no assist or any server alliteration of the menu then wine. We noticed a Malbec favorite of ours was no longer in the wine list so we asked the server about it and his only comment was we changed the wine list. Our red wine order arrived chilled and tasted like the bottle had been open for some time. Our food order arrived with no ceremony at all, simple set on the table and away the server went, only to return basically at the end of our meal. We paid and left, no thank you nada! The Sushi Room has fallen into a Robert Irvine abyss, so sad so soon.
3	The food and drinks are great here. My favorites are the wicked roll, crunch roll and cali roll with jalapenos if you like it spicy. When the Sushi Room first opened they were very attentive and I never had bad service. Lately when I go, I always have to wait and it seems as if they forget about you if you are seated on the patio. They don't seem to be as busy as they used to be so I'm not sure why they are so slow. They're very friendly though and I have never had a bad meal or drink there. I still continue to go because I love the food and hope they improve on the service.
1	Drinks were horrible! How hard is it to make a Bloody Mary. The service sucked! The girl who waited on us forgot our wasabi and ginger and we had to ask for it when our rolls came out. We ordered the yellowtail roll and the pieces of fish in the roll were no bigger then the size of a dime. We might as well have been eating plain rice rolls. Thank god we didn't put in a full order since we were just trying this place out. The bill was still $50.00 with tip. What a rip! We should know by now that trendy sushi places suck. For now we will be going to Mikado for our sushi.
5	Top Shelf Sushi and staff!  Our family eats there twice a month and the kids love it.  The teryaki chicken and chicken strips for kids are devoured every time.  We know the staff by name and they interact with us and the children which makes for a very pleasant dining experience.  The Sushi is awesome and they have their own unique and fantastic rolls.  We don't go anywhere else for Sushi!
2	Thoughts in one word:  Disappointing.I give it two stars only because 1) it is fun inside, nice ambiance and 2) it HAD potential to be really good food.We tried it because we had a Groupon we purchased because it is right around the corner from a friend's house and was an easy place to meet.The negatives, in no particular order:- Our server was not good.- Food came out at random times... appetizer and one roll at same time.  Another 3 rolls 20-30 minutes later.  The rest of our rolls we had to ask for... and that was another 20 or so minutes.- We had to ask where our rolls were for the first bunch, only when we asked did they say "Well the kitchen is backed up"  Ok, it happens - but maybe tell us that?- What sushi place doesn't automatically give you wasabi and ginger?  This one.- Ahi Poke = one of my favorite foods.  Theirs was meh, and EXPENSIVE.  I think it was $11 for about a half a cup of ahi.  - They had some really fun sounding specialty rolls, so I ordered the Sunshine roll as I love the tart/citrus kick of lemon with certain other flavors... would have been awesome if they actually put the lemon in/with the roll.  They just omitted that ingredient entirely and apparently decided to double the rice instead.  It was also falling apart.  Nothing like the picture a previous poster was able to experience.- it was cold outside... and they left the front door open the entire time... in a tiny restaurant.  When your guests are getting up to get coats from the car, that might be a sign.-Pricey for the quality - about $100 for 4, without drinks.- And, our service was just not good.  Said again for emphasis.  It is important.
1	Two words... Hairy sushi. Gross, I will not be back
4	Great atmosphere here.  Round paper lanterns for lighting, large amounts of wood on the wall, great angelfish fish tank.  Large bar area going across the entire back of the restaurant.  Great squid salad, great flavors and a great appetizer.  The tuna poke stack was great as well.  Not a fan of the strawberry miso included with the butter fish.  The strawberry sauce had a tang to it.  I was hoping for a sweet sauce, but this is not it.  The butter fish was good however.I also enjoyed a sushi roll with jalapeno and yellow tail.  Quite good and refreshing with some avocado and jalapeno heat.Next up a sugar fix.  The tempura ice cream was something I have never had before.  Since the tempura was not real crunchy, almost like dough.  They reminded me of ice cream donuts in a sense.  Whatever the plate was empty and it is a HUGE plate of desert.  I can say it was the largest portion of anything I had at the Sushi Room.  Well with all the plates empty and no leftover boxes I can say it was quite a treat here.  Great atmosphere, great specials, and most important great tasting food.  Next time I am in Chandler I plan on stopping by.
1	If you're in the mood for food then this is not the place to go since you will never be served.  We waited almost 40 minutes (longer than we'd usually wait but we were having good conversation) with barely a "drive by" from our waitress.  Got one "the sushi will be out soon" after a dirty look from me.  Got no refills on water or iced tea.Got up an left and all the waitress could say was "sorry" as she was breezing past us with food for a table that showed up AFTER us.We will not be going back.
4	A little undecided here as standard pricing is on the high side but they sometimes offer groupons and have some decent happy-hours.. Mainly nice that they have a swanky bar adjacent (The Living Room) to change up the scene when the time comes.
5	Fantastic food, service and atmosphere!  I recently visited The Sushi Room with some colleagues for happy hour and had a wonderful time.  Besides offering Happy Hour Monday-Friday, they also offer daily specials.  I love the 1/2 price wine on Wine Down Wednesdays.  We ordered a couple rolls and edamame.  I highly recommend the Green Lip Mussels...they are yummy!  I have been here for lunch and the staff are very accommodating when it comes to having a fast lunch.  I am so glad that there is a great sushi place so close to work.
2	Not impressed at all with this place. I think it was very bad service and overpriced for a not so fresh item. I would have to say I wont go back here again. Nothing about this place wants me to give it another chance and when its so over priced, its hard to give it another chance..... go somewhere else.. ( in my opinion ).......
4	The service can be hit or miss at this joint, but the food is consistently great! Get the K.I.G. roll, it is full of flavor and has a spicy sauce and jalapeno slices on top. It is my favorite roll! They have daily specials in addition to the awesome happy hour deals ($7 for a large sake bomber, yea baby!): Monday: 50% off sushi rollsTuesday: $20 for two rolls and a large sakeWednesday: Half price bottles of wine and sakeThursday: Two for one bombersFriday and Saturday: anytime happy hour for parties of six or moreSunday: ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR!!!!!
4	Ohh man, a groupon and some additional discounts and a friend and I had a glorious feast for about $100 - yeah this place is pricey but if you can squeeze a dime either go on Monday (half off all sushi) or grab a groupon and try a couple of things... Three new pictures uploaded for some great dishes that came out:1. Pork Belly (may not be a normal menu item)2. Truffle steak aioli3. ButterfishAll great tasting and made to order by sushi chef Micheal while we schemed ways to get into Jiro's sushi joint in Japan to knock an item off the bucket list.
4	I really like the Sushi Room! Only, I live in Phoenix...so it's a bit of a trek for me. If you live in the East Valley and want to do something more Americanize/Urban with fun drinks, I say have a stop in. The quality is top notch and the rolls are super inventive.Oyster snob/lover? (I am but, you don't have to be...) They have fantastic ones available. Their Happy Hour is well priced and varied (you know how other place's Happy Hours can be).Really lovely, attentive people working here as well.Go, and you won't be disappointed.
5	This is my second visit to The Sushi Room, and it was as great as my first visit. I met up with 11 friends, and we were treated royally and the food was fresh, creative and great tasting.  We all enjoyed the atmosphere, great drinks and service. I believe our server was Heather, but not 100% sure on that, but would certainly try to ask for her again. I highly recommend, everyone try this place, you will not be disappointed.
2	Meh. We arrived at 5:45pm and immediately got a table. Drinks arrived and we placed an order, then we waited, and waited, and waited, asked the waiter where the food was, waited some more, finally got food. This place makes great rolls, but the service isn't consistent. Our order got lost and they apologized, but come on - if the table that was seated 15 minutes after us got food wouldn' t you think to ask where our food was before we mentioned it???
1	The service here is awful!!!   My wife and I got there at 610 we didn't get a waitress till 625....DRINKS NEVER CAME ...happy hour ended at 630....we left at 635.  Will NEVER go back!!Stay away....very dissapointed!!
1	I went to Sushi Room last week and it was horrible. The service and food was real bad. I live in Chandler and there are a handful of great sushi joints in the area, this is not one of them. To start, the waiting staff was wearing street clothes, ie tee shirt and jeans with stains. Secondly, they were out of the first 2 things I attempted to order. Thirdly, no one knew what type of fish was on the sashimi platter... it took 3 employees to explain one would be tuna, tyellowtail, and the last 3 are just chosen randomly. So, when we received our sashimi platter, 3/5 fish were seared... I definitely will not go back. The Living Room is a great place to go for food and drinks and I have been going there for a while, the Sushi Room should be located in the bathroom of the Living Room, not adjacent.
3	I've tried the Sushi Room twice using a Groupon. Even with the discount, the prices were fairly high for about average sushi. California Roll - Average taste. They didn't cut the roll evenly, so your first might be a mouthful and your last could be scraps. This is tough when sharing.Kappa Roll - I am very impressed by this roll. I've never had a cucumber wrapping on sushi, and it tastes delightful and refreshing. It's slippery and falls apart easily when using chop sticks, though. Caterpillar Roll - It was just Ok. We came with a newbie sushi-eater and I was excited to have her try this one. It didn't impress like it has at other restaurants. They did arrange the roll in a clever "S" caterpillar formation.Vegas Roll - Average. One friend ordered the red Sangria that I sipped and liked. Light and simple.The decor of the Sushi Room is cool. They've got some interesting fixtures, a relatively ornate aquarium, and a patio that blends nicely with an open wall. The "Living Room" next door is a neat looking lounge with similar architecture. We all remarked that these buildings had a classy, almost European look.Overall, I would go here if I had a Groupon. With the long distance from my house, quality and price, I will look elsewhere before venturing out again.
3	Let me first say that I literally live across the street so I was excited that a sushi place was going in. I probably have sushi 1-2 times a week so a to find a new favorite that is close really excited me. It was a bit disappointing the rolls were just ok. It started with the rice I wasn't impressed with the rice it was mushy. Maybe  it was a one time thing I will probably go again because the decor on the inside is nice and has large open windows so on a nice night this place would be Awesome if the sushi gets better. I will give them a try again at some point but on first impression the Sushi was just OK. I cant complain about service because I sat at the bar and watched it being made.
5	You can really tell the Sushi Room uses fresh quality ingredients.  There are great happy hour specials each night.  Rolls are $4-5.  I tried a few different rolls but the Vegas roll was my favorite.  The atmosphere is trendy and a little more upscale.  I like the giant paper lanterns that hang from the ceiling. On the weekends, I've noticed that the Sushi Room dies down around 9pm because many people will go next door to the Living Room for drinks.  It's nice to have both great places next to each other.
1	OK, Sushi Room - you are killing me.  I keep coming back because I really do like your sushi, but could you at least provide the same experience two times in a row?  It is getting a bit ridiculous.  One of the best things about this place is that they have incredible specials, good happy hour deals and great food.  However, when you have a special posted on BOTH your website and the front door of your restaurant and then don't honor it, you're going to irritate a loyal customer like myself.  My husband and I were in last night 4/23/13, that is a Tuesday and on Tuesday you are supposed to get 2 rolls and a large sake for $20 - at least according to your website and the specials listed on the door, however when we inquired about it, our server not only said it didn't exist he denied that it was ever available.  Ummmmm, I'm sorry. I offered to pull up the deal online via my smart phone and that must have irritated him because we were then ignored for at least 30 minutes.  So yeah, I think we're going to have to take a break.  While your food is good, it isn't worth the hassle. FYI - here's the website special that doesn't exist: http://sushiroomaz.com/specials.html
4	I have actually been here twice, once for a yelp elite event and again on my own.Both times I thought the food was good they do have pretty high quality sushi.The rolls have some pretty good combos and are tasty too.I was surprised how much food my groupon got me at lunch time. The lunch sashimi combo was a pretty generous portions and they even gave a bit extra because it was the end of the piece of fish and the slices were smaller. They also have some lunch specials that add on sake at a really low price that escapes me right now.It is a little bit of a drive out of the way for me but I have no problem going back. They also have groupons pretty often so it's a good way to get a good meal in without breaking the bank.
1	Should have wondered why the restaurant was half empty on a friday night, we soon found out. Server was Amanda and she must be related to the owners because she surely doesn't do this to make a living, here is a quick list of what went wrong:Tried to ask questions about drinks and we must have not been fast enough, she left and said I'll be back, 10 minutes later she was back, asked questions about rolls and once again she left and came back, ordered soy paper, my wife reactions to seaweed. Rolls had seaweed, we could not find server so we finally waved down someone else. 15 minutes later new rolls came out and first question was do you have a groupon? We said no so she dropped the check and left, tried to take our beers while still half full, took salad plate from under my wife while she was eating. We thought about trying dessert but did not have a chance. Stay away.
4	Great atmosphere. Great food. This place has all of the sushi favorites, and they do it well. We will definitely return for some great Japanese.
2	I ordered shrimp tempura and sushi assortment.  The fish, shrimp quality is good, but the portion is small and there sushi ratio is kind of wrong: too much rice, too thin, too little fish.  I was also surprised that the tuna piece was seared, not raw as it should be.     Service is very good, but I won't go there again.
2	Love the atmosphere. I've had better food/sushi
1	What happened? New owner? New management? We remember coming here and talking to the owner while he deboned a fresh piece of salmon and talked about curing and making sushi. Now the owner looks like he just stepped off the golf course and flaunts a $20 tip to sushi chefs making sushi with below grade fish. The 'Panko' tofu was good. Tonight it was Gordon's from the freezer. The yellowtail will assuredly make us sick. We will miss you Sushi Room.
1	I was not impressed at all by the service, the food or the pricing. First time here, won't be back. I placed a take out order over the phone. I tried to call back a few minutes later, several times over a 20 minute period. I finally gave up. When we arrived, we asked a very surly bartender to add an order of chicken teriyaki. He tells us that we want the sushi room chicken. We tell him "no, we want chicken teriyaki"... He says that is only at lunch but that the sushi room chicken is the same. (So- You are incapable of putting sauce on chicken at night? )As we are ordering, the phone is ringing and no one answers. Surprise, surprise. (Ps, there is like 8 employees BOH and FOH standing around... backs turned to the guests and talking.)Well grumpy, disingenuous bartender, that chicken was not the same. It was COMPLETELY DEVOID OF COLOR, FLAVOR, and APPEAL. It came with PLAIN sliced carrots and broccoli and a lump of rice... for like 12 bucks. Wow. Also, it took FOREVER!Eggrolls were the brightest spot in this whole meal. Not good enough that I will come here ever again.The edamame came with no sea salt whatsoever, so it was just plain. And the cailfornia roll was unattractive, limp and did not taste fresh. Maybe the food and the speed of service would not have sucked so bad if all the of the guys in chef coats and executive chef weren't behind the counter or out in the dining room palling around.
1	Not much good to say about this restaurant. The service was absolutely horrible. We waited for 45 minutes before somebody even came to our table. The waitress spent more time fixing her boobs than she did assisting the tables. It took us another 30 minutes just to get our check. Finally, I've never been to a sushi restaurant in my life where I left wondering if there was a McDonald's on the way home to fill me up. I would not waste my time and come to this restaurant. It won't be open long. If it wasn't for the fact that I used a Groupon to  save some money, I would probably want to give this place a half star instead of a full star!  I would try 1000 other sushi bars before I came back.
4	Great sushi with laid back atmosphere! Happy hour specials are amazing! Love to support local businesses!
4	I have a very entertaining experience at the Sushi Room that I will gladly tell while keeping names private (so as to not piss anyone off). Note that this is a whiiiiiileee back so I don't know if their staff is still the same. PhewSo my date and I show up really late on a Thursday night. The place is essentially empty except for a couple of people at the bar. We order a couple sake bombs, 2 rolls (spicy tuna and a salmon roll) and some korean-style ribs. The sushi was pretty tasty (very standard, nothing out of the world) but the ribs were pretty hard to eat with the chopsticks and had a bit of fat. Still, it was decent appetizers and HH pricing at night, so we were pretty complaisant with our choices. They had a couple choices of sake which I appreciated, so we went with the drier (less sweet) option. With HH prices, it ended up being about $25 for the both of us. Pretty darn good. Halfway through our meal we notice that we are the only ones left there and that the staff is busting up the volume (90's rap) and dancing to it. Don't get me wrong, it was freaking hilarious. Then, another staff member (not our actual server) invited my date and I next door to the Living room, where she proceeded to tell us her life stories and flirt with all the owners. (Sushi & Living Room are owned by the same group of people). Needless to say we had a great time, but it was all incredibly random. Their staff was fun. They kept it moderately professional while we were eating and enjoying our alone time... then let it all loose when their shift was over and we had paid our bill. Lol. What can I say, I love the restaurant life.
5	Amazing sushi! I love this place, had a craving for some good sushi and this was the perfect spot. The guy who served us was chatty and friendly and really looked after us so well.  The food was top notch! If you're looking for some great sushi in the Chandler area at a reasonable price then I highly recommend the sushi room.
4	Very good sushi and great specials regularly.
2	Well, some good, some bad. We had the sashimi assortment, which was good, but for $27, was waaaay too skimpy. Epic fail. The K.I.G roll was awesome. Loved it. The scallop nigiri was very good also. Vegas roll was another epic fail. I could not even see the salmon in the roll. The waiter apologized and said "normally there is a lot more salmon," but he left it on our bill. It's also made with a crab stick here, and we normally see it with salmon, tuna and yellowtail. Extremely disappointed in the two fails, but the K.I.G. is worth the stop!
4	This is the best place for rolls in the greater Phoenix area in my opinion.  There are better spots for straight sushi or an authentic japanese dining experience but that's not what they're going for here.  The Sushi Room is a hip, laid back atmosphere with really creative rolls and appetizers.  I've been here a dozen times and I can tell you the service was a big problem for a long time.  I kept coming back because the rolls were so damn good and the value was tremendous (check out their website for their specials and happy hour).  I'm happy to report that on my last visit I had fantastic service.  There was more staff on hand, the girls who waited on our group were attentive and engaging, and the sushi chef even paid us a visit (along with an off menu creation of his!).  If that level of service continues this is easily a weekly spot for me.
4	Great sushi, really enjoyed it. Very fresh and very reasonable. Highly recommend. Recommended to come during happy hour or it's a little pricey.
1	Alright, I've been here at least 4 times. This is the most bi polar restaurant. I will say this, the food is good. But not so excellent to the point of putting up with awful service and chaos. And it's overpriced, so make sure you use a groupon here (which are frequently offered - which I take as a sign of business troubles if that's the only way you can get returning customers).Anyway, we came in during happy hour. Our server was absolutely clueless. A recurring theme with the servers here. He couldn't answer not one of our questions. He didn't know what a cucumber roll was (I've had this issue here before).Our plates were not cleared once during the entire meal, nor were our waters refilled even after asking a few times. We just kept stacking our dirty dishes to the side hoping someone would pick them up. No one did.We had to wave our server down for the check and then waited forever for it. Upon receiving the check, he had charged us $10 for 2 cucumber rolls. Seriously? It's rice and cucumber that I get for my kids.I disputed the charged and he said there was nothing he could do. So naturally I asked to speak with a manager. Our server (not the manager, who wouldn't speak to us?) came back and said, oh I guess my manager said he would just charge you happy hour price for the rolls. OK. That's all I wanted and he had to make it a big damn ordeal. Also, I see the manager looking at us just totally annoyed. He even walked by our table a few times and wouldn't even smile or say hello.Yeah, there are just way too many great sushi spots to put up with this bs. I can't even believe I've allowed myself to be subjected to it more than once.
3	The atmosphere was the only good thing about this restaurant. The sushi was bland and the proportion were small. They do have a good deal on groupon that might be worth checking out though.
3	Nice cozy place but the service was mediocre at best. I doubt that I patronize again...unless a Groupon is involved. The server did suggest their sister restaurant in Scottsdale that serves pizza(something Pie)
2	Was ok & super pricey.  Ambiance is nice but service was super slow.   Seemed pricier than places in Scottsdale and not quite as fresh tasting
2	So we come to Sushi Room often and have always enjoyed ourselves.  I definitely echo the majority of the reviews stating that prices are high  and service is slow.  This has never been a huge concern as my gf and I time our visits around their specials(which are awesome).  Monday nights are half price roll nights and I would highly recommend visiting on Mondays. The truffled steak roll, as well as the Primo are worth the money. The reason for my review, and for the two stars is due to a rather unremarkable experience  tonight. So my gf and I planned our trip tonight to get the half priced rolls special.  We also had a groupon for $30.  We understood that we would not be able to spend this 30 dollars on specials or happy hour.. as is the case with most groupons. So prior to placing our order we explained to the server that the 30 dollar groupon can be applied to the $40 dollars worth of normally priced items on our order and the other $30 dollars in rolls will be at half price.  The server was befuddled and explained that they can't do that, I asked to speak to the manager who was equally befuddled.  I explained that we have followed the directions on the groupon, and we're now entitled to the same specials as all the other patrons were.  He broke down the expense of providing groupon deals, and implied I can't get that kind of a deal and also get half priced rolls.  I asked him if we could get half priced rolls if we paid for our first order with our groupon, paid our check, then left, came back through the front door and started a new order for half priced rolls, HE SAID NO!  I begged him to accept my business, to which he said it was too expensive. It was one of the strangest experiences I have ever had in a restaurant.
1	I sat down and asked for hot tea to start.  The waitrog (I mean waitress) brought the tea and it almost appeared that she purposely spilled the tea on the table.  Ok, maybe it was a big mistake, but then she brought an equally sopping wet rag to clean up the tea that SHE, the waittrog (is waittrog with 2 t's or one?)  spilled to only leave the big puddle of tea just moved all over the table.I thougth she would come back with a dry cloth to clean up the mess SHE, the waittrog, left.  I had to ask her to clean it up and when she, the waittrog, did, she had an equally piss-poor attitude and still left a substantial amount of the mess on the table.We got up and left.
5	YUM!  The sushi at Sushi Room is super delicious!  It is definitely unique and has a more tropical feel to it.  Our waitress was awesome and super friendly.  She recommended the best rolls so when in doubt just ask.  Everything we ate was amazing!The ambiance here is causal but trendy.  The porch is comfy and the decor inside is gorgeous and includes a beautiful fish tank!  I definitely recommend coming here for the happy hour specials, chowing on some awesome sushi, and zenning out watching the fish tank or sipping a drink on the patio!
5	Excellent sushi, awesome apps, half price rolls on Mondays, other specials, great service, beautiful aquarium.5 stars.
5	So if you have read my reviews by now you should know I like to be outside and enjoy the weather. Sushi is awesome here. We normally come here because we get groupon I've sat outside and inside both are good. Outside is amazing has these cushioned booths I guess you could call them. Very nice comfy and relaxing. Service is good nothing that sticks out but  good quality service. Idk but I normally like to know that my server is human! Not a robot and just come by ask if everything is good or another drink or check. I like to be asked how is ur day? What brings you out? How's your weekend? You know get to know your customers keep them coming back or just get to know them to make good recommendations really. Either way good food good service good location
4	This was my second time here. I had the Sunshine Roll and it is now my favorite one I've ever had.  I keep dreaming about it! There was also a Boom! Boom! Roll ordered that was also delicious and they write the words Boom! Boom! on the plate which I thought was awesome! I ordered a Crunchy California Roll to go for my mom and she said it was delicious. The service was great, I was there a bit before the rest of my party showed up and the server kept checking back with me to make sure I didn't need anything, she also remembered the to go roll, which I had totally forgotten about!
1	Made a reservation for Christmas Eve via Open Table. We have not eaten here before... show up and the place is closed and was too late to make reservations elsewhere. Not sure what happened but very disappointed and inconvenienced. Also had seen on FB where they told someone else they'd be open Christmas Eve. We will not be back.
3	We went here for lunch. It wasn't the greatest sushi I have ever had. I would go here if someone else wanted too or for a lunch meeting requested by someone else. But I don't see myself personal ever coming back on my own desire. (Hopefully that explains my thoughts.)
5	Yummy sushi and excellent service! The atmosphere is beautiful - I'm becoming a regular here!
2	so first, the MENU is amazing, i could not wait to try each and everything on there. Until i tasted the first roll, then i was just waiting and hoping the next would make up for it, it did not.  Waitress was not at all as bad as other reviewers say though, she still got a good tip =)
2	Not a fan of the sushi here... it tasted pretty off! Even as something as simple as a California roll was cut strangely and the quality of taste was strange; the rice was gross and the fish on the other rolls just didn't taste fresh. I also got a roll that had baked scallops and "potato strings" on top and it was just a California roll with a little mayo and an ENTIRE BAG of barbecue potato chips crunched on top. Completely overwhelmed the flavor and tasted nasty. The waitress was okay but seemed really brisk and in a rush, even though no one else was in the restaurant. I would not recommend coming here for good, authentic sushi.
5	Most amazIng sushi restaurant I've dined at yet! The ambiance is cool and trendy, offers an amazing patio and there is a cool "VIP" room that they reserve for large parties. Sushi is fresh with large portions and the rolls are great with some unique and fun choices. Service was on point, friendly and fast. I am new to the area but the young waitress, Heather, was so friendly and helpful. I will definitely be a regular here from now on. Highly recommend  this place to anyone looking for a great sushi restaurant in the valley!
5	Sushi Room has great ambiance with inside and outside patio seating - especially nice to be out in the happy hour sun.  Love the music play lists - unique blends.Been to the Sushi Room many times, guess I'm becoming a regular, never had a bad experience.  Very friendly staff and wait crew that make me feel at ease.  The staff are able to make recommendations on menu additions and roll changes that have been pleasant surprises to my tastebuds.  Of course, I love the full bar and ability to try new drinks.  Other customers are friendly and engaging as well - enjoyed some good conversations.Eaten lunch and been for happy hours.  The lunch Bento Boxes are a great mixture of tasty treats - main course (chicken, beef, etc.) with CA roll pieces, Squid salad and regular salad.  However, my favorite time to go is during happy hour with their great $5 specials and drinks.  I love the Vegas and Sunshine rolls.  Great mix of flavors and toppings.  The Garlic Edamame is a favorite as well.
2	The atmosphere and ambiance was really great, as was the service. The sushi on the other hand was awful, the Cali roll was so salty I didn't even want to finish it. We got three other rolls, the Chandler, the Tiger and Da Bomb, and they were all sub-par rice, falling apart, and so crazily chewy that it felt like I was trying to eat someone else's tongue. I hope that visual helps. I drove pretty far because the reviews were raving about this place, and Groupon or no, it was a huge waste of my time and money. It was so expensive and so not worth it. Just save your money and buy Wal Mart sushi, it's probably better than this.
2	This place use to be so good and have great service when it first opened, now it's just bad. The past 3 times I've come here, the service has been absolutely awful! And the quality of rolls they deliver aren't as good as they use to be. Honestly, the ONLY good thing about this place is their happy hour prices. That's it. You get what you pay for.
5	We discovered The Sushi Room right after they first opened and have become loyal patrons of the restaurant eating here at least twice a week and sometimes sneak in a lunch as well.  Blaise is an exceptional chef and we love sitting at the bar so we can watch the fun and chat with him as well.  He is putting together a great team of chefs and it's been enjoyable getting to know the new ones.  We're not "roll" people so much, but several of our friends are and always compliment them.  The fish has always been fresh and tasty - absolutely love it!  We've never had a problem with service and find most of them to be friendly, attentive and make the dining experience a great one.  Friday and Saturday nights are always hopping and lots of fun but if you're in a hurry, I'd suggest coming in early before the crowd arrives.If you haven't tried the Sushi Room - what are you waiting for?
5	As frequenters of The Sushi Room (we're there almost weekly) it's safe to say we love it BUT the last few visits have been PHENOMENAL!  My husband and I left saying it was the best sushi we've had!While we always love the food, over the past few months everything has been on point!  When I mentioned this to our favorite server, Heather she informed me that as a whole they'd been working on consistency which is understandable for a new restaurant which keeps getting better and better.From melt in your mouth nigiri to creative and tasty rolls the sushi is the best we've had in the Valley.  The service is spectacular, especially Heather who usually has our drinks on the table before we even sit down.We stopped in for lunch a few Saturdays ago and overheard the sushi making class who was so informed that this is now on our to do list.  Not to mention the fabulous specials they have nightly.If you haven't been or haven't been in while I highly recommend!
5	Where do I start?  How I love you, Sushi Room!  The first thing that impresses is the decor and atmosphere, beautiful and fancy, yet light, fun, and makes you feel relaxed.  The food is awesome!  The fish is fresh and the menu is creative and diverse, with a lot of things you can't get at other sushi places.  Drinks are good too, with choices of beer, wine, a variety of sake, and top shelf liquor.To top it all off the staff is AWESOME!!!  Heather is THE BEST, very knowledgeable and attentive, and she has the most entertaining personality.  The head chef Blaise totally rocks!  He knows his stuff.  Please try the Sushi Room if you're anywhere near the area, it's a newer restaurant that's getting better by the day.  You won't be disappointed!
4	Overall I would put them in my top 10 sushi list.  The portions aren't huge but you notice the quality in every roll.  Our waiter was awesome, he was very attentive and made us very comfortable and at ease. It's a little in the pricier side but if you want to impress your date, the ambience is amazing!
4	Love this place! KIC roll is to die for if you like spicy rolls. Squid salad, sunshine roll, all the sashimi on happy hour....perfect! The cucumber drink (alcoholic beverage) was great!!! Excellent service and ambiance. So impressed! :)
5	Best Sushi I've had in AZ hands down.
4	Very good sushi and a nice atmosphere.I only tried the Sushi (and sake bomber of course) so not sure about the other menu items. Primo, Wicked, Dirty South. Poppin where some of the standouts for rolls. The Nigiri was also good.Their unique special rolls were very good and decent portions, maybe slightly on the higher price side but about average overall.Good choice if your in the more southern part of Chandler.
5	We've had sushi from California to New York and the Sushi Room ranks at the top of our list.  the food is delicious, the chef is magnificent.
4	I give them 4 stars for their atmosphere , food was good as was service although slow.  It is was my birthday and our server brought us complimentary deep fried ice cream ! Enjoyed my bday there very much.
5	Went for lunch yesterday and it was excellent. I had the Houston roll, spicy tuna roll, and the soft shell crab roll. All of them were amazing. I had explained to the waiter that I was allergic to mayonnaise and he directed me well as what to order. The chef must have overheard as he made it a point to ask me if other ingredients were okay. I thought that was very considerate. Overall it was great sushi and a great experience.
2	I purchased a groupon a few months ago. Due to work and schedules I kept putting off going. I called yesterday to make a reservation as the groupon said was required. When we arrives at the restaurant it had a strange  location I can't quite explain it. I realized that the groupon expired yesterday but we were prepared to use it anywayfornthe amount paid. We walked in at 12:30 and it's already 107 outside. The front door is open and it's warm inside. Several tables were eatting and one server taking a order. No one else in sight. We stand there a couple of minutes and the waiter says he will be right with us. We wait another minute and decide to leave. I read reviews about poor slow service and if one server is waiting all the tables and seating I didn't expect it to be very good. Also what kind of restaurant that serves raw fish has the door open and hot arizona summer heat inside? I'll stick to my normal go to sushi place
3	Wasn't overly enthralled with the food, but the service was excellent. Might go back if in the area.
4	I was happy to visit this place . Took my daughter out for sushi. Service was slow from the start. Waited to sit down and finally got seated. Carl was our waiter and was good but again he was busy and we waited along time but the food made was good and we enjoyed our patio seating. Had crispy roll and saki bombers. Great vibe and good eats. just be ready to relax and take your your time. Will be back.
5	One of my favorite Sushi places. We go here for lunch quite regularly. Monday's by one get one special roll deal is awesome. Get the Poppin Roll - you won't be disappointed. The Dirty South is also a favorite. If you want an appetizer - get the garlic edamame.
5	This place has great sushi and even better happy hour specials. Quickly became our favorite in Chandler.
4	Came here for a late night get together with a friend I hadn't seen in a while. I really appreciated how the wait staff was unobtrusive in taking care of us. The rolls were good but not spectacular but the meal was 20% off so I am not complaining. Good atmosphere, good service,  and I liked that portions were small and easy to share.
4	First off I wanna say I love this place. I have eaten here regularly for lunch. Everytime has been a wonderful experience and the sushi is always amazing with a great presentation. I wanted to get a quick drink and bite with my boyfriend on a Saturday night but when we arrived at 10pm they said they were closed but their hours on Yelp said open till 11pm. I suggest to update the hours. But I still love this place and will be back for our next date night! I'll be sure to get there before they close ;)
5	The sushi is really great.   My favorite roll ours the Dirty South.  Boom boom is good also.  Seating got tighter with the addition of the topin yaki style seating.
4	Has changed names: Rock Lobster. I come here because the sushi is delicious and happy hour menu is good and prices are great! The last 3-4 times that I've been here I've had the same, slow as molasses waiter. Although he is very nice if he doesn't catch you giving him the stink eye odds are you'll be ignored/forgotten. They are under construction currently, becoming teppenaki...it's a small place so I wonder how successful it will be. I'll come back because my cravings take over my life.
1	We have been to the Sushi Room previously, before the new venue and Teppan tables were added, our experiences have always been 4 or 5 Star, not anymore.I don't know if they are trying to become an I Teppan & Sushi wannabe or maybe a Honmachi Grill, neither of which we now patronize.  I have had amazing sushi and other delectables in the past, not so last evening.  We went for gyozas, one of our favorites,  me Lollipop Roll, Truffle Steak roll, and Yellow-tail and Octopus sushi, and my date went for the "safe" hamburger.Well, the Gyozas were pan fried to a crisp and "greasy" lump, uneatable, returned.  Lollipop Roll, OK but not as good as I have had in the past, Truffle Roll, steak on top appeared old, and crunchy topping had the same flavor as the greasy Gyozas.  Hamburger was ordered with aioli on the side, on the "side" appeared to be a glob on the plate next the bun and partially under the fries instead of in a separate bowl, and the burger was still slathered with the "side" aioli.  Waitress was clueless, she offered to leave the fries so my date could have something to eat while I had my sushi/rolls, so ok but she then proceeded to remove the hamburger from the plate with her bare hands and carried it back to the kitchen.  I will abbreviate the remainder of the missteps, asked for utensils for hamburger plate, had to ask three times, asked for ketchup twice, water twice, used a Groupon and after we paid the bill, notice they hadn't taken off the Gyozas, I said forget it and headed for the door.I have owned restaurants in the past and I always advise people to complain in person; however in this case there were so many poor products, service and disregard for proper operation of an eating establishment, I just made notes on my bill and advised we would seek out other favorite Sushi Restaurants, we have always loved Shimogamo, a little farther away so was hoping Sushi Room would stay but looks like Sushi/Lobster or whatever it is will be in the rear-view mirror.
5	Best Sushi I've had yet in AZ! Name has changed to Rock Lobster to include the teppanyaki tables. The Teppan Chef is hilarious and food was excellent: MUST try the sea bass or fillet. Sushi is fresh and presented with superb creativity (my favorite is the lollipop). Service was friendly and efficient. Our waitress recommended a Sake, I believe the Murai, and it was paired perfectly with our meal. Nice spot for a group of friends or a date. I would bring my family as well; although, if my grandmother were to join I may stick to lunch as the dinner vibe is a tansy more "Hip." I am excited to sit on the patio once the weather is more inviting.
5	Checking out the new Rock Lobster! Food and service was great - sea bass was amazing!
5	First time here after getting up and leaving the table without ordering at Hon Machi Sushi (that review later). The Sushi Room is now Rock Lobster, same restaurant, new name. We went on Sunday, which happened to be Happy Hour. It included rolls, drinks, appetizers. Presentation of sushi rolls was excellent, food was fantastic, and service was great. Atmosphere was very nice! I will be coming back!
4	They have a lot of daily specials make sure to check them all out, the sushi was amazing though and they have a lot of different options! They also just opened Teppan Grill tables and it looks really good
5	My husband and I eat here at least once a month, we love it!  The strawberry butterfish roll is amazing and we love the happy hour deals!! The name recently changed to Rock Lobster, but the menu seemed to stay the same.
