4	My girlfriend and I had dinner here with my brother and his wife this past Saturday. It was packed outside so we had to sit outside which was fine. If anything it got a little too warm under the heat lamps, but the atmosphere was fine.Food was very tasty across the board. We had steak and organic chicken on our side of the table both of which were cooked exactly how we wanted them. Juicy and tender. Service was excellent. Recommended.
5	had a great time here the other day!  the food was delicious and the staff was just as wonderful.i can't wait to come back here and try out more of their dishes!
4	I have had a lot of four star experiences lately, but I think this one has great potential to move up to five stars.  We dropped by North for lunch while cruising around the Kierland area this weekend.  It is breath of fresh air amidst all of the chains...I mean, I know Fox Restaurant Concepts has local chains, but it is not the typical fare found on every corner of the Phoenix metro area.  I believe the tag line at North is "Modern Italian Cuisine".  From what I can tell, that fits quite well.  While I went the salad route, with a spinach and goat cheese salad, adding pulled chicken, the rest of the menu had more of an Italian feel.  My salad had a great flavor and was huge.  My husband got the "Not Your Typical" Chicken Lasagna.  It was fantastic.  He was definitely the big winner.  Somehow North manages to make a cheeseless lasagna fantastic.  We also shared a side of asparagus and it was cooked nicely.  I would definitely go back to North and look forward to trying dinner and more of the Italian dishes on the menu.
4	I feel bad for saying this as I feel I may be disrespecting my other reviews for restaurants that serve Osobuco, but........oh... what the heck!!!!friggin' A!!!!!  the best osobuco!!!! served with tasty creamy polenta.try one of their frizzante cocktails: prosecco with fruit puree of your choice. pass on the chicken lasagnaThe service was fantabulous!!!Seating arrangements can be better but overall I was pretty satisfied.
3	North is really good and really nice, but it's a bit to pricey for my liking. The atmosphere is pretty, but because I was with a large group we were sat outside where you hear and see everything that is going on in Kierland. I also felt like we were the only people under thirty five. The food was good and our waiter was nice, but I'd rather spend a chunk of change and go all out at The Olive Garden! Haha!
5	North offers clean, fresh Italian dishes in an equally clean atmosphere. My pasta was cooked perfectly and had a great blend of sauce, cheese and meat. I wish North were closer to home so that I could come back and try more of their food!
3	I was hungry for some type of seafood so my friend and I came here.  The restaurant has a nice clean feel to it, and seems generally pretty busy.  We didn't have to wait for a table when we were there at about 7pm on a Sunday night.  We got started with the sundried tomato butter that came with our bread on the table.  We each had a glass of wine.  I had a Pinot Grigio, the slightly more expensive one.  I wasn't a huge fan of it though.  We did have the Zucca chips, which were delicious and very addictive.  We easily finished this.  I chose one of the specials, the halibut and my friend had the risotto.  The risotto was quite delcious, but I was very disappointed with my halibut..  It was very bland, and seemed to be seasoned with a little bit of salt.  It came with vegetables that didn't have much flavor either.  I had to ask the waiter for some lemons, but that didn't help that much either.  We were too full to have dessert, but I was too dissatisfied to even try.
3	I chose this place for lunch on a recent trip to Kierland being that I scored a parking spot right in front! WooHoo!First of all they had a VERY unprofessional and inexperienced snot-nosed (literally) Hostess working that day.We almost decided not to stay because of the way we were treated( spoken to demeaningly, rude, abrupt and carelessly seated) by the Hostess.   The manager happened to notice our distress and promptly moved us inside to a table that accommodated our party size, Unfortunately we were not offered anything complimentary for our trouble :(We got  a Great Waiter!  Ice Tea is Delicious,Refreshing and never got empty, the fresh baked bread and roasted red pepper whipped butter was out of this world!We started with the Fresh Mozzarella,Local Tomato, Sweet Basil and Aged balsamic salad caprese style......DELICIOUS!I ordered the Flattened chicken sandwich with saute' spinach and smoked provolone on  a fresh baked ciabatta bagel bun...YUMmy only complaint is that the chicken had too much a of a bitter charred flavor. Choice of side was pasta salad or veggies, I chose the pasta salad and was disappointed in it's flavorless mayo like coating.2 of my Guests ordered the Angus burger with fresh mozzarella and crisp pancetta, both said it was scrumptious.1 guest ordered the "Not Your Typical" chicken lasagna.....This meal was Sad, Lasagna should have never been in the same sentence, it was a bowl of stir-fried chicken ,spinach, mushrooms and broth covered with a big square noodle.Should have been called "Not your Typical" chicken soup.It tasted OK (i tried it) but OH so NOT what we were expecting I wouldn't recommend it.I noticed the table next to me ordered another pasta dish that was the exact same ingredients as our faux lasagna except it had corkscrew noodles mixed through out.....that's lame......2 of the same dishes labeled differently.Tiramisu for dessert was spot on! Very light and creamy!
4	Not sure how long it's been open, but Bar North recently took over the space at Kierland where News Cafe used to be...I totally agree with Stephanie in saying that the menu is on the lighter side.  I was dining at North with my aunt last week, and we ended up at Bar North while we waited.  We had a really good mushroom bruschetta and the artichoke appetizer along with a couple of glasses of pinot grigio.   We enjoyed everything we had... I have a feeling it was on the pricier side, although I didn't see the bill because my aunt picked it up.  Thanks again, Aunt Marcy!I was surprised that I didn't see North's famous zucca chips on the Bar North menu and I now wonder if one could order those while at 'Bar North' as well?  (I love those things!)  Although this is not my favorite of the Fox Restaurant Concepts, I am sure I will return for drinks / appetizers or possibly lunch.  Fun fact: Bar NoRTH offers Wine by the bottle, glass and flight - next time I may just have to do the 'flight thing!'
3	I only spent about an hour here so I will need to come back again to really get a better feel.  There was  cool chill music playing and the open-ness of the space was nice.  My drink was made well but I can't tell what was maybe missing?  It may have been that everyone was sitting?  I am used to bars with people sitting and standing.  I am a stander so maybe this is why I felt off?  I am interested to see if they get busier, it was pretty quiet for a Saturday night.
3	Totally not impressed!!!Just got back from having a dinner there. Kinda, hungry now. Humm... What can i eat around here. Ohh yes, anyhow. There is nothing specifically wrong about it, just does not feel right. Crispy pizza was soggy, feta cheese was overpowering, they skimped on basil leaves, and even huge piece of Tiramisu was so alcoholy i would have probably gotten a ticket if i was pulled over. For the amount of money we paid it should have been way way better."I like. NOT!"
4	I've dined at NoRth on many occasions and I even consider it an 'old standby' for out of town guests... Out of all of the Fox Restaurant Concepts in the area, this is one of my favorites.First of all, the location at Kierland is pretty central and the service is always attentive.  I love that there is an outdoor option as well.  Great wine list and now with the addition of Bar NoRth nextdoor, if you have to wait, you can always have a drink or appetizer there first.NoRTH offers modern Italian cuisine - there is plenty to choose from on the menu from creative appetizers, pizzas, pastas, grilled fish, and more.  I'm a huge fan of the zucca chips, organic veggies, salads, and fresh fish selections...I'm actually going to take a friend to NoRth tomorrow night, so I'll edit this accordingly with my latest experience.  In the meantime, if you're looking for a trendy, upscale, cool ambiance place to go with a friend, on a date, or even with a group, I recommend NoRth.
4	Lately, I've made a habit of going to Bar North for lunch (love it for meetings) and casual dinner.  Mainly because of the friendly staff and also the open layout/sleek atmosphere and simple but ample-enough menu.  Yes, Bar North is part of a big corporate co. (Fox Concepts), but they do a good job of creating an intimate and unique spot (lived in NYC long enough; plenty of unique eateries there, still can appreciate BarNorth; again, it's really the staff that makes this place). Same menu for both lunch and dinner, with just a few big plates and a nice selection of small plates (though they mentioned they'll be doing something new for the summer) and they do have a full bar.  For nights out, we're able to coordinate the busy people we want to see, since this place is great for after-dinner "camping" at one of the large outdoor lounge tables and inviting friends to stop by, at no set time, to oder at our table (no pressure to make a big production) or just grab appetizers and drinks.
3	For a Tuesday night this was one popular spot! We had reservations for a party of 4 at 7:15, but our reservation time came and went while we were waiting at the bar. We probably would have waited even longer if one member of our party hadn't taken it upon himself to seat us at an empty table he spotted.  We followed his lead and took our seats at the table...and soon were greeted by a friendly waiter.  Thank goodness because after a long plane trip from Florida to Arizona I was starving!!  I soon had lots of food to alleviate the pains of hunger. We started with NoRTH's infamous zucca chips for the table, as well as a pizza.  The zucca chips were fabulous- a must while dining at NoRTH! As for my entree I ordered the scallops, which came on top of orzo.  Our waiter suggested I also add a few shrimps to the dish as well, which didn't turn out to be such a great idea because the shrimp was way overcooked. I can eat shrimp for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, but these were inedible! The scallops, on the other hands, were cooked to perfection and the orzo was pretty tasty as well.  We also ordered a side of organic veggies.  I'm not usually a veggie lover, but if veggies were always this good I'd be eating them for breakfast, lunch, and dinner instead of the shrimp!I wasn't blown away by the service and/or the food, but the wine list did look very inviting so I'd be willing to go back for a drink when back in Phoenix.
3	"EXCUSE ME!"Such was the theme of the night.  Trying to get good service here is nearly impossible.  Servers would walk past our table without even a second glance causing us to have to scream and flag them down.  Ugh.We stopped in for some drinks and dessert, after an early dinner elsewhere in NoSco.  After our experience I'm not sure that I would return for lunch or dinner....and it makes me wary to try North.  The mini cannolis had a very overpowering lemon flavor.  Cannolis are my favorite dessert....in my life I have had about 50 billion of them.  My wedding cake had cannoli filling.  I have never had lemon flavored cannoli before. It was half gross and mostly disgusting.  The chocolate and hazelnut "cake" was really a brownie in the shape of pie with a lot of whipped cream and some hazelnuts on top.  Not quite what I was expecting.The drink selection is pedestrian as is the beer and wine selection.  Then there is the water.  Holy cow I felt like I was drinking a glass of the chemicals my parents put in their pool.  It smelled awful and tasted absolutely disgusting.  I forced it down but oh man, they need to adjust their water filter.Its all open seating according to the server we ran into on the way in.  Although when we made the move to a newly open table we were told it was reserved.  What is it? Open or reserved?  Once we got a spot on the patio we were treated to parents letting their children run through the fountain at Kierland at 10pm.  I don't know...when I was 7 years old I wasn't running around crazy at 10pm at night.  (And I was most certainly not in Bar North after that having dessert and whatever.  Who brings a kid into a bar at 10pm on a Saturday night?!) Then came time for the check.  We waited so long for our server to pick it up that I actually had to go to the bar and pay for it there. All in all I was completely unimpressed.  Given the bizarre cannoli and the mediocre "cake" combined with the terrible service I'm not sure I would go back.....the only reason its getting the third star is because the pickings in North Scottsdale are slim.
2	Bar North left me with a bad taste in my mouth and I don't think it was entirely due to the chlorine flavored water or lemon infused cannoli.  For a bar in North Scottsdale, I was expecting more.When you walk in, Bar North has a good sophisticated feel to it and I really liked the open air feel.    We initially started out sitting at the bar while we hawked a table outside to open up. Personally I think the drink choices are incredibly lacking for a place with the word "Bar" in its name. There were only 5 or 6 beer choices and the wine list was pretty meager as well.  A person next to us asked if they had Red Bull and they didn't...again as a "bar" even an upscale one at that, I was a bit surprised they didn't have Red Bull.   The two desserts that our group tried during the evening weren't very good at all...the cannolis were disgusting, but thankfully were only $4. The hazelnut cake did not get good reviews either from those in our group that tried it.I could have gotten over a lackluster drink selection and disappointing desserts if the service had been awesome.  However, service, to be frank, sucks.  The girl behind the bar was awful (not friendly at all...it seemed like we were inconveniencing her) and when I tried to close our tab because we were moving outside, it took forever to finally get someone's attention.  Once we moved outside and had a waiter, it didn't get better.  He clearly walked by a few times and never asked how we were doing and if we wanted/needed more drinks. Once we got the bill, he never came and picked it up, so Kristin S. had to take it inside to the bar to pay.To top the whole night off, the outside of Bar North faces the fountains. So we were treated to children screaming and running through the fountains at 10 pm. Later we saw one child sitting at a table in Bar North eating dessert...at like 10:30 pm. Awesome.
5	I've been going to North ever since it opened. Actually my whole family has been going there for a long time and the four of us are pretty damn hard to please. Dinner here is consistently good. WARNING: Parking is a bitch at dinner time but worth the hassle.Favorite dish:Pasta Bolognese - oversized shell pasta with seriously, the best meat sauce i've had in Phoenix, all toped with melted cheese. The atmosphere is chic and modern with glass windows that look out on Kierland Commons. Can be noisy at times given the space is somewhat small and the bar and kitchen is open to the restaurant.All in all...North is one of my favorite places to eat for many years.
4	I've been back to North several times since my last review... one 3 star experience and one 5 star experience which brings me back to my original rating: 4 stars!My favorite items on the menu are their zucca chips, organic roasted veggies, and seafood.  At a business lunch recently, I enjoyed the ahi tuna salad while my companion enjoyed a caesar salad with shrimp.Service was just right this last time (at lunch) but wasn't as fantastic as usual when I went for dinner with a group of 4 on a Tuesday night the last time I visited for dinner.Conclusion:  North is pretty consistently a safe bet for a great meal, service, atmosphere, etc... and it's a great place to take a guest as they will get to enjoy the beautiful Kierland Commons before/after the meal!
1	If you are into that see and be seen, well scene then this is a place you might like. The food was over priced, and ok... I guess. The service was horrible. Snotty, I'm too hot to be a waiter , what the hll do you want, attitudes totally ruined the experience for me. For better, cheaper Italian food drive a couple miles south to Sauce. Same company, waaaaaaay better business model well, for us simple folk anyway.
3	Service here totally sucks. I was acusssed by the waitress of lying when I told her we had been waiting an hour for our food.  How f'd is that, she went and checked when the ticket was entered and said it was entered 15 mins ago. I told her then the waitress forgot to put it in. It was very weird, however the Duck is very good. Same with the antipasta.Im sure that horrible bit#$ is gone :)
4	I enjoy this place for both lunch and dinner.  The entrees are reasonably priced an soooo soo good!  Very modern interior, good looking crowd, great service and tasty food...what more can you ask for?
3	Despite my love of Italian food, there is something North that simply does not resonate right = that has to do with the end of your meal - more later.While I realize that the Fox Restaurant Group is the most successful restaurant enterprise in the valley, and some of their food items are irresistible - I am just turned off to pay $ 5.60 for a double cappuccino (served in a ridiculously small cup for that matter). In fact, I saw the waitress making it and she only put foam on it. For that price, I should have walked away confident that I had just been served the most fabulous foamy coffee drink ever. I felt insulted really. It is not even fresh coffee - it is an iperespresso Illy coffee capsule!!!Done with criticism...if there is one single item that brings me back to North: it is the sweet sausage, caramelized onion and braised cabbage sandwich...as the flavors are just stupendous! Service was very attentive.
4	My husband and I just happened to stumble upon NoRTH one evening, because the wait at Houston's was too long and we just didn't have it in us to wait that long. A lover of Houston's (only the best french dip sandwiches in the world can be found at Houston's), I  have to admit  being a little sad and disappointed  with our taking leave and heading for another restaurant, but NoRTH was a nice surprise and great little find, therefore my sadness quickly waned. A really cool place, just really neat and the food was very tasty. Granted... there were no french dips on the menu, but they made up for it in other areas. Definitely worth a try.
3	NoRTH's great location - in Kierland Commons - is what initially made me try it. I stopped by while out for an evening of shopping with a friend. We were both tired and feeling a little under the weather, so we thought Italian would be nice and comforting. I had the English pea risotto, which I believe was a special, and my friend had the pasta bolognese. We liked both entrees and felt like the value was good, especially for the area. We also enjoyed prosecco cocktails, which were pricey but tasty. There is better Italian food out there, but NoRTH is good and not terribly overpriced. Well worth a visit if you are in the Kierland area.
4	In summer mths, usually here 1x/wk (1/2 off all bottles of wine).  Usually we sit at the bar, (faster service), but have sat outside, (people watching is pretty good), & inside (had a wierd waiter last several times, quirky).  Luv the wine list, good flat-bread pizzas, pasta yummy, amazing mozz/tomatoe bowl.
5	Had such a wonderful dinner here. Boyfriend and I came here for dinner before heading out to the Cine Capri the day the new James Bond movie came out. It was a perfect evening to sit outside. The patio is great for people watching, although my boyfriend had a better time checking out all the sports cars that drove by. Eric was our server and he was phenomenal. We made sure to talk to the manager before we left and we had made reservations thru Open Table and also raved about him there and sent an e-mail. My boyfriend is pretty picky so we chose the melted tomato, basil, and warm ricotta bruchetta to start . It came with 4 pieces and we devoured them in minutes. It was yummy. We also had the bread with the sun-dried tomato butter, which was also good. For dinner he had the pasta bolognese and I had the osso buco. Both were very generous servings. His was good, but I'm not sure what it was, I think fennel, was a bit overpowering. The osso buco was sooooo good. The meat and polenta melt in your mouth. I was in heaven. Could not have made a better selection. I can't wait to come back here and bring my family for my birthday next month. Our waiter suggested a nice red wine with our meal with was a perfect compliment, but I can't remember what it was called. Oh, well. We never felt rushed during our meal even though we did take our time for a Friday night. I'm definitely coming back!
4	I was surprisingly impressed with NoRTH!  Our waiter was Eric, and even though the service was a little slow, he redeemed himself with his drink/wine recommendations.  We're picky with wine and he nailed it! It was the best Zin ever! Loved it!!!The tomato-melted bruschetta was amazzzzing, but it was a REALLY small portion! I had the chopped salad which had a really unique dressing and my boyfriend had the halibut feature... the orzo side with it was delicious...We finished with a Cranberry-Basil sorbet which was refreshing and the perfect amount of sweet!  If you're looking for a trendy, italianish restaurant, NoRTH is really top class!
5	another favorite when in az. the chicken parm is so good! so is the salmon, they never disappoint.
5	I went here last night to meet up with a girlfriend that I grew up with.  We haven't seen each other since we were kids at camp, and we ended up dining here.I guess this place has two seating areas.  One appears to be more of a restaurant, and the other seems to be more of a bar area.  Both are upscale and classy, but I am not sure why they split it up.  Anyways, the resturant area was jam packed, but our party sat in the Bar north location.  We sat in the patio area.  Fortunately, they had heat lamps to keep us warm.The menu here seemed to be fine, with pasta, pizzas, and a more upscale choice of food.  Great alcohol selection to choose from.  I went with the angel hair pasta and marinara sauce.  The waiter informed me that I could add chicken or shrimp to my dinner.  I went with the chicken.The food came out and it was well presented.  The salad that my Girlfriend had seemed to be a small portion, which didnt impress me.  it was like a spoonful of salad.My dinner was actually very tasty, but the chicken that came with my pasta was whole, and I had to cut it up into chunks. I guess thats fine, I just found it odd that the chicken was not mixed in with the pasta?  The food was tasty though!  I inhaled it!Anyways, I really liked this place, but the service was just okay.  Our server sucked at refilling drinks. I had to ask him twice for water, and remind him every single time that my pop was running low.  He never once took it upon himself to refill my water. I hate running out of beverages, AND having to ask for refills!  The place is very well decorated though.  Nice interior!Will return, since its worth my time, but a little pricey.
4	One of my favorite places to dine in North Scottsdale. I've dined here about 7-8 times- for work and play. I'll never forget a special mushroom soup they offered on my first visit. Since then I've always had a great experience, from the service to the food. My favorites: the Calamari, Chopped Chicken Salad, the Ahi (when it's available), the Scallops, and usually any special they offer. However, I have mixed feelings with the new Bar North. The bartenders weren't friendly-on all 3 occasions. The atmosphere however, I did applaud. Modern, yet comfy and easy to spend a good night with friends!
4	I seriously love this restaurant.  It's an awesome contribution to Kierland Commons.  The bar is great- bartenders are always fun.  The menu is superb- I've never had a bad meal here.  I love their homemade chip/crisps things.  They literally melt in your mouth!  It can suck if you want to go there for dinner because you'll have to wait for a table, BUT hanging out in Kierland never sucks.  There's always great people watching!  I really like to sit in their comfy outdoor seating on a summer day and have a cocktail or five!  Their pretty creative with their drinks as well.  Troy the bartender always whips up something new if you ask him for it.  I always have a great time here!
4	Second time in and still pleased...I highly recommend getting there distinctively fresh and smart anti-pasta dish...Also love the grilled artichoke with the lovely house made lemon aoli...
4	Another favorite in my BF's neighborhood.  I've only been to the Bar NoRTH location.  Great place to just sit outside on a gorgeous day, sip cocktails, eat appetizers and chat.   I have not made it past pizza and cocktails but the limited exposure i've had to the food/cocktails/people/service/location - all excellent.
3	I wasn't impressed. I have only had their dessert so I will have to come back and try their entrees... but dessert wise, no thanks.I really like the patio and people watching, it's a great spot. I hope when I sit down for dinner I will be able to give it a few more stars but until then, it's just ok.
3	Good lunch spot when you have a taste for something healthy and light.My friend had the salmon and was satisfied.  I forgot the pasta name, but it included scallops which were slightly on the firmer side then I usually like.  However the dish all together was very good, mushrooms and all!Would definitly come back when in the neighborhood, but won't go out of my way to eat here.
3	North is located in the upscale Kierland Mall. It is not very big and on the  Monday night we were there it was full both inside and outside. It was also very noisy.The food is labeled "Italian" and is a variation on that genre. My antipasti plate had too many ingredients on it, none very distinguished. My fish was fine and the dessert good.Service was very good when the waitperson came over but we had to ask for water twice.Overall it's not bad but if you walk east another block you'll come to the better Zinc Bistro.
1	Ok, where do I begin?When we first walked in, I thought it looked like a relaxed environment. The waiter was disorganized, and spilled food on my wife and brought us the wrong check. The food was honestly the worse I have tasted in my 6 years in the valley. My wife and I both ate the "chicken lasagna", and it was so bad that we rushed home to eat anything to get the taste out of our mouths. It was a dreadful combination of spinach, mushrooms, possibly olive oil, cheese, and I'm guessing chicken. It tasted like the nightmare of a salad. My sister had the spagetti and she wouldn't eat more than a couple of bites. On the other hand, the garlic bread was absolutely delicious. Maybe some of the other dishes offered here are better, but we will never return to find out.
5	Been here several times for dinner and drinks... Food is great, atmosphere is even better. Even more so now that they added the "North bar/lounge" Went here today for lunch, the place was very busy but they managed to find us a table quickly. I ordered the Angus burger which was very good! The service was as well. The reason I love this place is because it's not defined as being a "happy hour" spot or "lunch" spot... North is a great spot for a quick drink, long lunch or an intimate dinner. It is a well rounded spot for any occasion and I have never been disappointed.
5	We had a fantastic experience here! We went on a Thursday evening and with the misters on, it was still very pleasant sitting outside, even in June. The wine list was extremely affordable - most between $25 and $60. For Scottsdale, this is a steal! We shared an appetizer and a main entree. The appetizer was delish. Grilled bread (perfectly grilled, not so hard that it hurts your gums) with three spreads - an amazing goat cheese and marscapone, eggplant, and hummus. Also, they serve house bread with a great sun dried tomato butter. For our entree, we shared the fish special, which was a sea bass with artichokes, fingerling potatoes, and spinach. Fantastic. The service was also great. I've come to expect any service in Scottsdale to be rude but  this place wasn't! Maybe we were lucky, but I enjoyed our experience.
3	3.5 stars ratingI was excited to try North, and by reading other reviews on Yelp, I knew what to avoid.  We arrived on a Friday at about 6PM, just under the wire to order a few drinks and an appetizer from the happy hour menu.  The wine recommendation was great and the bruschetta with crescenza cheese, asparagus, prosciutto di Parma was very good.  The bruschetta melted in our mouths.  The only thing that could have made the bruschetta better would have been a little acid on the asparagus, maybe a little lemon.  I ordered the short rib "osso buco" with polenta and root vegetables.  Now I knew it wasn't real osso buco going in, but that didn't matter because it was fabulous.  The polenta was so creamy and delicious.  Some of the root vegetables were a little carmelized, which made them sweet and yummy.  There was also braised kale which was very good and not bitter at all.  Overall, a very good dish that I recommend and would order again.  My husband's dish is why I gave a 3.5 star rating.  He ordered the baked ziti bolognese with spinach, ricotta and mozzarella cheese.  My husband asked for sausage to be added to the dish and also asked if they could spice it up a little, like add an arrabiata sauce.  The waiter said it would be no problem.  We both figured they would add some dried peperoncino (italian red pepper flakes).  Instead they added fresh sliced jalapeno.  Are you kidding me?  Jalapenos in italian food?  It seemed very strange.  The sausage was also extremely dry.  We realized that the dish would have been better as is, so it may be partly our fault.  But the problem is that the waiters at North constantly try to upsell you by suggesting that you make additions to the dishes.  I noticed that at other tables and in past reviews on yelp.  They suggest that you add chicken, shrimp, etc.  The dishes shouldn't need additions, they should stand up on their own.  In conclusion, the food was good, service nice, but I won't stray from the menu, and I'll go in knowing that the waiter will probably try to up-sell me.
3	3.5 starsThe bruschetta was tasty but the pasta was average.  Nice decor but I wouldn't go back.
5	I've been to this location several times...and the food and atmosphere is always great. I usually order the Bruchetta w/ asparagus and the chopped salad. Both are great with a glass of wine! I highly reccomend for anyone looking for a modern italian atmosphere.
4	I'm here from out of town and tried NoRTH based on previous reviews. We weren't disappointed. The sundried tomato butter that came with the complimentary bread was mildly flavored. We decided to share a few items so started with the bruschetta which was really good and unlike any I've had with soft cheese and prosciutto. Second was the chopped salad - lots of gorgonzola but could have used a bit more dressing. Entree was the cavetelli with sausage, tomatoes and kale in a 'pink' sauce. The sausage had great flavor and the overall dish was really tasty. I thought it was a nice touch that they split the dishes for us prior to bringing them to the table. I would definitely return here to try some of the other dishes and dessert.
3	I went to North twice this week for Restaurant Week (two separate groups of friends picked North...what are the odds with all the other restaurant choices??). I don't venture up to Kierland too often, so dining at North two nights was a good excuse to go up there and do some shopping.The first night I went to North was with a group of 7. We sat inside, which is dimly lit and contemporary feeling. Be warned it is really noisy, so don't expect to be able to carry on a conversation with any one other than the people seated next to you and directly across. Our waiter was friendly and helpful in helping some friends choose wine. However, he didn't check on us often and let us sit a long time before taking our orders. The whole night everything was just really spaced out...but not in a good way. Since I was going back to North the next night, I opted to not do the RW menu and just ordered a caesar salad. The waiter specifically asked if I wanted it with my friends' appetizers or as the main course and I very clearly said as the main course. Well, guess what? My salad came out with their appetizers, and thus, I had the pleasure of sitting there with no food while they ate their entrees!! Grr! The salad was fine as caesar salads go, but definitely not memorable. I did also sample a friend's trio of spreads appetizer which was awesome. The garlic bread was perfection.Night two of my RW North dining experience was with a girlfriend and we took advantage of the pleasant evening weather by sitting on the patio. If I go back to North, I will only sit on the patio. It was such a calm experience after the noisiness of the night before. Our waitress, really rushed us which was disappointing. This time I did order the RW menu: *caprese salad - blob of mozzarella instead of slices - I prefer slices...but on the plus side the mozzarella was very fresh and tasty. Tomatoes were just ok*scallops - fine enough to eat two and a half of the four that came on the plate, but definitely not exceptional. They didn't melt in my mouth which is the sign of a perfectly cooked scallop. These were a bit too chewy for my liking*hazelnut chocolate cake - the highlight of the meal. While the cake was delicious, it was a bit too rich for me (I am not a sweets person). However, the vanilla bean gelato that came with it was awesome. Overall, both nights, the people I dined with found parts of their meals really good and other parts just OK, if not a bit disappointing. Like the food, service from one night to the next was not consistent. North is a 3.5 star place, but I'm rounding down to 3 because I wasn't impressed enough where I feel I should make special trips to Kierland to dine here.
2	On the upside--when you order the scallops here, you get more than you would expect at any other restaurant.  On the downside--they were gritty.  :-(  The dessert (chocolate hazelnut cake & banana crepes) were amazing and perfect & the trio of hummos was excellent.  Unfortunately, my husbands salmon was so-so, at best.  The fish itself was OK, but it was sitting on this repulsively bland pile of something that constituted half the dish.  I think it might have been squash, but I can't even say for sure.  It's a great location, with a fun, busy atmosphere, so it's really disappointing that the food kind of misses the mark.  Or, at least, the food that we had missed the mark.
2	We went to North last Sunday night.  We were a party of five, and arrived at 8 pm.  The restaurant was not at all busy.    We ordered a fairly routine set of food:  the scallops, a couple of grilled artichokes, a salad, the special, and a thin crust pizza.  We didn't order appetizers, and we ordered by 8.10.  A LONG time elapses.  At about the 8.35 mark, our waiter says that the food will be out in a minute.  He has never offered us any bread, nor does he offer additional beverages.  We did have a (small) ramekin of olives to tide us over.  About ten minutes later, he comes by again, assuring us that the food will be out "soon".  I ask if there is a problem, and he looks surprised:  problem, what could be the problem.  However, at this point (about 45 minutes after we've arrived) he realizes that he has bread to offer, and brings over a fairly stale loaf of white bread and their spread.  Finally, at a few minutes after nine, the food begins to appear.  The food is okay, but not great.  No apology is ever tendered for the lengthy delay, and to add insult to injury, the waiter never returns to ask if we want dessert, or want the check.  Finally, a member of our party tracked him down with credit card in hand so that we could leave. There really is no excuse for this type of service.  If you are having a problem in the kitchen, come over, explain that there's a delay and bring a round of drinks or an appetizer.  Don't act like there's no problem to keep a party sitting 50 minutes waiting for their food when the restaurant is, at most, twenty percent filled.
4	NOM.Shared the trio of dips with yummy toast, the delicious asparagus bruschetta, and the calamari (which I skipped thanks).I had a nice big strawberry/avocado/goat cheese salad and a gigantic, totally delicious mushroom and arugula pizza.  I totally only managed two slices after eating everything else but it was SO good (if a bit light on the mushrooms and heavy on the arugula).Also snagged a bite of the meatball sandwich which was really good.  I hear the short rib sandwich was only okay and the ahi tuna disappeared off the plate so fast it was scary.I would definitely eat here again and try out a pasta.
4	Had a wonderful lunch here. Made good use of the sun and sat on the patio. Can recommend the spaghetti and meatballs (should be called gourmet spaghetti and meatballs)...the meatballs melt in your mouth! The salmon was also very tasty and we sampled the cocktail il bacio which was made up of vodka, soda water, raspberries and a rosemary sprig....a tasty treat. The service was good and the atmosphere was perfect sitting out on the patio people watching and getting our daily vitamin D.
5	I recently hosted a private party here for 65 people.  I would highly recommend this venue if you need a space for a large group.  I was very impressed with the service, the staff and the food.  They did an amazing job making sure we were very well taken care of the whole evening.  They offered a menu of many items that would please even the pickiest of eaters.  The meatball sliders were to die for as well as the tiramisu...yummy!   Thanks everyone at Bar North for a splendid evening!!!
4	Delicious! Chick parm is delicious. Also the butter for the bread is a sun dried tomato that was awesome! There sandwichs and salads are amazing as well. I love seating on the patio with my girls and eating some good food! one of my favorites!
2	I've visited this location a few different times hoping to get better results. Alas, its a no go. Its always incredibly busy, very loud and the tables are small. (They have a few bigger, but apparently if you're only on a date, small is the way to go. I was afraid of knocking my drink off the table. The food is alright. The artichokes give me the feeling they cooked them earlier and then microwaved it before they brought it. The grilled asparagus didn't seem fresh at all and actually reminded me of when I forget I have asparagus and pull it out of the fridge a couple days before its going to be bad. They did however make the portion bigger with the strozzapreti, which I appreciated when dealing out $16 for a pasta dish. The service was really slow even when the room began to clear out. (We ended up being there for about 1.5) Oh, and word of warning wear shoes with serious tread. I've been there wearing heels twice and have nearly fell because of the floor. Beast seating is outside because you escape from the busy, noisy and crowded inside however, keep in mind you're in the middle of a shopping center so you will have cars driving by, and people all around you. Its not a horrible place, I'm not absolutely against it, but its really not worthy money they charge. My date had some sort of steak which he said was decent, the sauteed spinach wasn't very good and tasted canned and the crispy Italian potatoes were alright. He said "It was decent, but not worth $28. He also said by the outside he expected a lot more from this place and the decor inside he wasn't a fan of at all. BTW, Vegan in Yelp listing? Almost everything on the menu has meat, butter, or cheese on it. I wouldn't call this place Vegan its barely Vegetarian.This was my last try of this location of NoRTH I've had better service and food at the Glendale location. I'd say, save your money and head some place with a little more class, faster service and better food.
4	We were told to try the calamari appetizer but it's presented as a salad which is not conducive to sharing.  Instead, we shared the zucca chips (fantastic!!), bruschetta (fair), garlic bread (pretty good).  All three dinners were excellent.  The only complaint is that the restaurant's noise level is very high so difficult to have a conversation.
3	I went here with some work colleagues.  I felt like I ordered the wrong thing and I had a bit of food envy.  So, I'd like to try it again.The service was excellent and they have a decent wine selection.I had the "Not your average chicken Lasagna" and it was unremarkable.  In fact, it was tood soupy.  I also had some Kale as a side.  I know kale is sort of a tough veggie.  But, I really had to chew the heck out of the stuff!The deserts were good.  However, the crepes were a little tough too.We had a goat cheese and fig pizza apetizer and it was very good.Like I said, I'd like to try some other things on the menu.
4	So I finally made my trip back to NoRTH since the Restaurant Week last September. Delicious food and very attentive services as last time!Reservation for 2 at 8pm. When we arrived, we were so glad that we had the reservation, the place was so crowded that both inside and the patio was full! We were quickly seated, and immediately the waiter brought us some olives, yes, free olives to start!!! And their butter for bread was made with(?) sun dried tomato, the color is red-ish orange. It was soooo good!Drink: We both started with a glass of the '07 Chianti DOCG red wine, this is a fruity and medium sweet red wine, a great pair with your pasta dish. Appetizer: We then had the Bruschetta (Crescenza Cheese, Asparagus, Prosciutto di Parma) to share.  OMG!! It was amazing! The bread was so soft along with the creamy-ish melted crescenza cheese topped with grilled asparagus and some prosciutto di parma, yummmmm! Entree: I had the Seared Scallops with Wild Mushroom Risotto &WhiteTruffle Essence, and my friend had the Baked Ziti Bolognese. Mine was really tasty! I was surprise how big the scallops were, and there were FOUR of them! Delicious! And my friend's bolognese was really flavorful, and the plate was big! He was really enjoying it and finished all!We didn't leave any room for dessert as we stuffed ourselves with the other wonderful food. But I remember the Tiramisu being very yummy.I also heard they have good pizza too, oh, they have those brick ovens like Bianco does! I will for sure go back!
4	This is by far one of my favorite places to eat in North Scottsdale. The atmosphere is delightfully peaceful but yet screams excitement. Two of my favorite resturant entrepreneur's are Rick Bayless, in Chicago, and Sam Fox.  Both these men shit liguid gold when it comes the geniusness of restaurant concepts.  The staff is as warm and friendly as the pope is.  My date and I walked in and were greeted with a "Welcome back, Kelly." She works in the hospitality industry and seems to know almost everyone.  We sat down and within a min out server was over getting our drink order. After throwing out my witty sarcastic comments at him, we ordered. She ordered a sangria and I got suckered into the special drink they were offering. It was called the Valente and I was on cloud nine when it hit my lips. Jim Beam, red bell pepper, basil, lemon juice and honey. I sucked that down like I was in the Sahara and found water after a week without any. It was magical. Kelly looked at me like I was an alcoholic when I ordered another. After deliberating over the amazing menue, it was time to order. We both decided to get pizza's and share. She ordered the mushroom and arugula pizza and I got the sausage and pepperoni. Good fire brick pizza is my favorite food right behind ribs and NoRTH is the best in Phoenix. Your dumb if you dissagree. I made that pizza my bitch and dominated it but leaving 2 slices for lunch the next day. Well that was my intent. It didnt last long after I stepped through my front door.I will always recommend any of the Fox Restaurant Concepts restaurants to any and all my friends/enemies
2	Let's talk about NoRTH... I have been there a few times, okay quite a few and it is really hit or miss. New Years Eve, NoRTH was the place we decided to celebrate. We were a group of 14 and NoRTH lost our reservation. The manager tried to fake that they did not lose our reservation and move us into Bar NoRTH, which is not the same thing by any mean. It was disappointing to say the least. The food is decent and I will say that the Zucca Chips are a must try, along with the Pear and Gorgonzola Pizza. A little hesitant to go back, the location of NoRTH is great with shopping all around, and their wine list is quite strong. I enjoy the spanish cavas offered on the list partnered with an outside lunch on the patio. The weak performance on New Years Eve definitely was a let down, but again the food is a strong hold of this place.
4	I had such a good time at North. The bartender was really servicial and friendly and always made sure to offer me more drinks. I ordered the Tuscan Tomato Soup as an appetizer which was a large portion and very yum. I then ordered the Strozzapreti Pasta w/Mushrooms, Spinach, Toasted Pine Nuts & Parmesan Cream as my entree after the bartender recommended it and mentioned it as one of their best dishes. It was DIVINE. Can not wait to go back to AZ & have dinner at North.
5	Great atmosphere. Has a very trendy vibe without being stuffy. Service was extremely impressive. Our server Fernando was very knowledgeable of the menu and gave us some great suggestions. The only thing that outdid the service was the food...excellent. A very unique spin on short ribs. I've had many short rib dishes and this ranked up there as one of the best. The "not your typical" chicken lasagna is also a solid choice.   Show up early and grab a drink in bar north. Bar north also has a nice vibe, but the main restaurant is more happening and has an overall more trendy vibe. If you're going to sit inside, we prefer the main dining room rather than the bar north dining room (same menu at both though). If you make a reservation and want to sit in the main dining room, make sure you request it specifically.
4	Now how did this slip by?  been here over 20 times, not sure why/how i missed writing about it - i would suppose it's not exactly 'up there' & 'all that', nor really not bad either.The major saving grace here would be there comfy patio: ESPECIALLY if you snag a sofa.  And it's not one of those patios facing a road - it actually has grass, birds, fountains.... {o, um, ok: alot of kids playing in the water ---- but the peals of laughter still better than traffic}.Their HH is awesome: 1/2 off all bottles of wine - by glass or bottle - and that goes down quite well in my books - thank. you. very. much.a few yummy appies at GR8 prices.luv the angel hair pasta with basil & tomatoe sauce - i add chicken.i know which waitress will be a relaxing experiencing - and which one, (when she walks toward me i go - o no.... please no...) will not be so fabby... (i had her today) ah well.....  add the bottle of wine, rose coloured glasses, our temps, the sunshine, and thinking of all my relatives back east who still have another mth or so to enjoy patio life - and guess what? it's all good......
4	My brother recommended this place based on his experience with the Denver location.  We got there at happy hour.  The wine selection was good, the pizzas were excellent, as were the pastas.  The waiter was also highly experienced, helpful and friendly.  I would definitely come back.
5	Best salad in town!  Had great coffee after dinner too.  Wonderful menu variety, fun wines, nice atmosphere.  Its a shame I don't live closer!
4	We made a reservation day of for six of us. We arrived and were promptly seated in a corner. However, we waited for a waiter for over 15 minutes. We were staring down other servers hoping that SOMEONE would come to us. Finally, we approached the hostess and told her. The manager ushered over someone to us right away where he took our drink orders. The manager also hooked us up with some free appetizers. This greatly made up for it, and we proceeded to enjoy ourselves. I got the spaghetti with meatballs and I substituted angel hair pasta. Yum yum!! I was in Arizona for four days and this was probably the best place I ate at. It was an interesting find, and I'm glad we found it. Kudos to the manager for looking out for their patrons!
4	I went to the North in Tucson once for a birthday party and was not impressed by what I got for the price. Well a trip to this one completely changed my mind about the modern Italian restaurant. I met a friend at North on a Saturday night. The restaurant was busy so we put our name in for a table. However, we quickly snagged two seats at the bar which were just perfect.We decided to just go ahead and eat at the bar. The bartender was very attentive and made the experience great. My friend and I quickly ordered a pitcher of Sangria to share. The Sangria was delish, and I think a pretty good deal. After perusing the menu we both settled on the baked ziti. At 16 dollars I was hoping I was going to get my money's worth. It was so yummy. My friend also really enjoyed her ziti as well. I left North feeling like I got a top notch dining experience. I'm so glad I gave it another chance. Based on the food and service, this is a great restaurant.
4	Nice restaurant in Kierland!  I like their setup; modern and contemporary feel. They have a decent size patio which extends around the building - smart! Always makes the place looks hoping even with no one inside.  Happy Hour is decent 1/2 glasses of wine and some appetizers.  I ordered their pizza and at first I wasn't sure by looking at it, but rest assure...it's damn good!  I just wish it this place wasn't so far "NoRth" -- har har, if it was just tad bit closer I wouldn't mind attending often
5	Since my last review we have dined here several times and enjoyed it every time. The food and service just seem to get better every visit. Our last meal here a few days ago was another memorable one. It was a hot day but since the misters were on we sat out on the patio and managed to stay nice and cool throughout our meal. My husband had the meatball sandwich which was delicious! The same sumptuous meatballs they serve with their spaghetti dish - a big favorite of mine.I tried the 'not your typical' chicken lasagna which was also very tasty....lots and lots of spinach and mushrooms.For dessert they did not have what I ordered so they bought our desserts for us! We were very impressed by that.As always a great experience : )
2	A huge fan of Fox restaurants, I was beyond disappointed with my experience at NoRTH. My friends and I love dining out and Fox restaurants are always at the top of our list of places to go. During our recent visit to NoRTH, we started with the bruschetta (with asparagus and prosciutto) and the calamari salad. The bruschetta was tasty, but I simply could not stomach the salad. The arugula was limp and the calamari was 75 percent batter, 20 percent oil and a dash of seafood. It was clear the cooking oil had not been hot enough as the ringlets were soaked with grease. The dressing (which I, thankfully, ordered on the side) was both heavy and bland. Additional acidity (preferably fresh lemon juice) would have brightened the dressing and the salad (which should have been replaced with fresh greens), and the correct temp for the oil would have resulted in crisp, tender morsels of goodness. My friend ordered and enjoyed the pork tenderloin. But my scallops and risotto were undercooked, the former cold in the center, the latter crunchy and chewy, about 3-4 minutes ahead of al dente.We wanted to enjoy a casual but fabulous dinner and we were looking forward to a lovely meal. I will always love the Fox brand and his amazing concepts, but to sum up this particular experience: #FAIL
4	We stopped by here for lunch and were pleased with our experience. The decor is very clean and modern, and the ceilings are high with an open kitchen, giving the entire place a roomy feel. The dining area can get tight I'm sure during heavy hours, but we came as the lunch rush was winding down, so it wasn't too bad. The servers were on top of everything even with plenty to deal with. It has the feel of a busy, hustle and bustle type of place where you would catch a meal at random or a drink after work. The food was good and about what I expected... tasty but not too complicated. The prices are reasonable because the portions are large. I had a sausage pasta and my wife ordered a California strawberry salad of some sort, but both tasted great and fresh. I'd definitely recommend this place for lunch but it may be too crowded for dinner to be worth it.
4	Went on a girls out-ting with 12 or so of us. The bread at the beginning wasn't worth eating. I had the Rosemary Chicken and potatoes (split! Huge portion) and it was absolutely fantastic. I also had the hazelnut cake and it was a little better than average. Nice atmosphere and the service for a big group was great.
4	I first encountered NoRTH years ago in Tucson. It was a first of its kind in the land south of Phoenix with a new, swanky and trendy vibe along with good food and fun times. So, when I moved to Phoenix, I was sure to check this one out. Fast forward a "couple" years and I still frequent NoRTH whenever I'm up near Kierland. After my most recent visit, I realized that I have yet to review them, so here it goes! Happy Hour. That's it. OK, I'll keep going, but I could just stop there. NoRTH has a stellar happy hour. You just can't beat the $2.50 beers, $4.00 well drinks and glasses of wine starting at just $3. The happy hour goes until 6:00, so it's worth the hustle to get there in time. Now moving on to the food. I like the food at NoRTH because it's hearty and light at the same time. You ask how? Well, it's Italian food, but it's northern Italian which means the items are much lighter than the south with their hefty meat sauces, etc. To start, I adore the zucca chips, bruschetta and trio of spread. And let me add a little fun fact here. Each of those items are on happy hour! The zucca chips are light, thin little morsels with just a hint of zucchini and the right amount of salt. The bruschetta is my favorite because of the prosciutto atop a crescenza cheese. The bread is the right amount of hard and soft at the same time and it's the perfect way to start a meal. Or, if you just want something light yet filling for a meal itself, this would do the trick. As for entrees, I enjoy the Fennel Sausage and Pepperoni pizza, Baked Ziti Bolognese with spinach, ricotta & mozzarella cheese and the plates of the day are all excellent! So on that note, I end the tale about my experiences with my first Sam Fox restaurant: NoRTH.
3	Good food, attentive service (and generally good looking!), and good energy.  Would definitely go back!
2	LOUD LOUD LOUD AND LOUD but the food was not bad, the whole experience was annoying from the hostess having us wait in the isle during rush hour, to sitting a couple practically on the lap of our fellow patrons with children.The hummus not great the Osso Bucco left me bored, I should have had a steak.Just Blah
4	First of all, totally bummed out that the North on 67th is now closed--closer to my house and they had great service too. Oh well....I love this one at Kierland too. North is great during lunchtime, amazing for dinner. I first came here the year I moved to AZ and a friend introduced this place to me--been hooked ever since. I like to try new places, and at the same time, I do have a great sense of loyalty---treat me right, and you'll get my business forever! The entrees are delish----brought some friends here from out of town for lunch and we were completely satisfied, from the service, down to the attention of the staff. We had a very fiesty 2 year old with us and as wonderfully behaved as she is, she was still a little squirmy, and the outdoor seating was perfect so she could 'entertain' while we dined. LOLI LOVE the fact that the kitchen still makes my mushroom risotto (my favorite place for it) even if its off the menu (off-season or not), and it's always perfection. Of course, the thing we cant get enough of is the yummmy, Zuka chips. I'm not a zuchinni-lover or even a chip-lover at all, and the combo of it is so addicting! Zuka chips is a must when you dine at North---you'll order one bowl then request another as once you start, you just can't stop :) And since this is nestled right in the middle of Kierland, walk off your meal while shopping at the huge Barnes n Nobles, Z Gallerie, Anthropologie, and of course, Victoria's Secret. :)
4	Solid spot.  Great place to sit outside and people watch.   Nice affordable wine list.  Tasty sangria.  Pork tenderloin melts in your mouth!  Pizza is decent.  Avoid the bruschetta however - all four of us disliked it and couldn't finish the small pricey portion.
2	We went to North nearly every week for happy hour - great menu.  Then they came out with new happy hour menu which we do not like.  The other problem is they change servers constantly.  There obviously is a problem keeping staff.  We don't go there anymore and during the week it seems like very few other customers do either.  It is really too bad but there are plenty of super happy hours around.
5	I LOVE this place.  This really is one of my favorite spots for dinner in Kierland.  The food is always reliable and every entree I have ever had has always been good. My husband and I both had the baked ziti.  Very flavorful and delicious pasta dish.  They do a great job with presentation and staff is always very attentive.  I prefer the outside seating in the restaurant. Defintely gets an "A plus" in my book.
3	regular food, liked the house music!
4	Yum, yum and more yum! I haven't been to NoRTH for a couple of years, and was reaquainted with this delightful establishment today. There were 4 in our party and everyone had a delish lunch! The grilled artichokes are fabulous, and the salads wonderful! I had the pasta with butternut squash and brussell sprouts and it was delish! Excellent service, consistently good food and a lovely experience!
4	Solid bistro fare in a mall complex, accompanied by modern, hip decor and vibe. I went here for lunch while my wife had a work conference in town, and I had the meatball burger, which was pretty tasty, and the kale side dish, which was a little -- OK, way -- too salty. Service was excellent and friendly and accommodating re: me bringing my four-month-old daughter in a stroller with me. I'd go again if I'm ever in Phoenix/Scottsdale again. I had a bit of trouble finding non-chain restaurants in this part of town (could totally be my inexperience/unfamiliarity with the area), so this was a nice find.
5	Ate lunch here today and had the salmon filet on butternut squash with spinach & sweet onions. It was excellent. My husband had the pizza with figs, goat cheese and prosciutto and followed it with the banana nutello crepe. All was delicious and the service was top notch!
2	Eh, this place is not too good. I definitely wouldn't choose to return here.The food is just OK, which makes it way overpriced for what it is. Nothing on the menu is special or unique. We also felt like our stomachs were carrying huge bricks after we ate here.Our server was also rude and not very attentive. His mind seemed to be somewhere else the entire time, and it seemed like he didn't want to be there at all.
5	The food here is great. The Chitarra has pasta in a butter sauce with sweet potatoes.... and greens..... so yummy!!!I always sit at the bar because the drinks are coldest here. Great place, the smell alone is enough!
5	A fantastic lunch spot. I had a chance to show my parents the Kierland area and I chose NoRTH to feed them. It probably helps that it was a beautiful day out but as usual the food was great and the experience was made even better because of our server. I almost never remember a servers name because I doubt any remember mine but Sarah was the best I have ever had at any restaurant. She was helpful with the menu and was able to put up with my dad who usually gives them all a run for their money. She ended up sitting down and chatting for a little bit at our request and had just the best personality. They are lucky to have her there.
5	Awesome.This italian joint has an awesome atmosphere with the brick walls, open kitchen, and dim lighting. Some people might call it a bit loud (and maybe to the older crowd it is), but I was totally digging the hustle and bustle of it all. We were seated before our reservation time, had an awesome waitress, and the food came out within 10 minutes.The bruschetta might be some of my new favorite. And the angel hair pasta was killer. It seems like the really know how to keep it light (most italian places drown their pasta in sauce). For the area, the price isn't bad. About 15 bucks an entree.One criticism. The tables are REALLY close together. I don't really mind that, but I would understand that some would.
4	IF, you are 40-60 and looking for a "double-date" location, this is your venue.It's awesome because it is located in Kierland Commons - an up-scale, outdoor, shopping district with plenty of places to spend a buck. NoRTH has indoor sitting but it's absurdly noisy. Therefore, I would recommend the outdoor patio. Our waitress was amazing and on top of her tables. And for our Arizonian delight, they have outdoor heaters just in case the temperature should drop below 85 degrees. ;)The trio of spreads appetizer was good (goat cheese=awesome, humus=great, olive spread= ehh?). I had the Buccatini (short ribs with tomato and pasta) for main course. Flavors were there but the presentation was not. The BF ordered the Grilled Ahi and I immediately had entree envy (seared but still very tender- I highly recommend). And if you like Tiramisu, order their Tiramisu.All of that with a house bottle of Red, $90.
4	NoRTH is a great place to go for lunch or happy hour if your near Kierland. This is one of the better Fox restaurants with great food, fantastic service with a somewhat trendy northern Italian decor.  We miss their location on the west side on 67th.They offer a lighter side of Italian cuisine with an emphasis on freshness. This is not the place to go if your looking for the heaver side of Italian with loaded meaty sauces and carb-o-roma items galore.  They offer some classic carb loaded dishes and pizzas. But for the most part they offer several wonderful dishes on the lighter side with loads of fresh grilled seafood, chicken and veggies.  Their zucca chips or bruschetta with prosciutto and crescenza cheese are great starters with a glass of wine. The baked ziti bolognese with spinach, ricotta & mozzarella cheese is delish,  The pasta with butternut squash is also very good.  I always order their grilled chicken sandwich with a side of seasonal grilled veggies or their ahi tuna salad which is devine.  Their happy hour is fantastic with bargains on drinks and several apps. They have great service and will accommodate most special request for those with special dietary needs.
4	Hmmmm, this place sure reminds me of True Food Kitchen....why is that?  Could there be some common denominator?  I guess it is different in that it's smaller...and the food is actually good!Anyways, nothing about the menu would lead me to believe it's an Italian restaurant but I primarily dine here for lunch and maybe they switch to heartier fare for dinner service.  I've had the flank steak 3 times straight which used to come with Kale (excellent) but was recently switched to an arugula and baby beet salad (why did they have to die so young?!) which is even better.The place has a nice vibe, is adjacent to BarNorth and everything else Kierland has to offer but it is almost always LOUD.  My only other issue is the small tables and tight seating arrangements.  Don't expect a whole lot of privacy if it's busy b/c the other patrons might as well be on your lap.Overall though, North is a cool place, good food, good service, and if you order an Arnold Palmer you get the lemonade in a nice little carafe--stay classy North...stay classy.
5	Love this place... It's a lighter more contemporary Italian.  The asparagus Bruchetta is amazing.  I travel across the country thinking of it often...  Great wine list, love the patio on a warm day... With a bottle of water the Bruchetta, maybe the rosemary chicken and vegetables for dinner... Great place to visit with friends. Upscale and casual all at once... And one ofvmy favorite from fox restraunt concepts...
4	Came here last night with a large party on a whim and was pleasantly surprised.  The decor was nice and we were seated at a huge beautiful wooden table that I would love to have in my own home.  Here's a list of things we tried:1) Complimentary bread: stale and dry. Not worth the calories! - 1 star2) zucchini chips: surprisingly delicious. Paper thin zucchini freshly deep fried sprinkled with salt and parsley.  It tasted like fresh potato chips, but brighter and yummier! - 5 stars3) calamari with arugula: rubbery and chewy, but the flavor was decent. - 3 stars4) Tuscan tomato soup: rich and flavorful. this was the best tomato soup i've ever had! - 5 stars5) mushroom and arugula pizza and the margarita pizza - soggy in the center, but the flavors were good and it had a crispy, chewy crust. I had to transfer the cheese and toppings to the edge of the pizza and discarded the center. - 3 stars6) sausage pasta (I forget the name of it): too salty for my taste, but the flavor was bold and yummy. Plus, I'm a sucker for homemade pasta which was somewhat shaped like shells and had a consistency of spaetzle. It would have been great if they cut back on the salt a bit. - 3 starsSangria: sweet, fruity, and soft on the alcohol - just the way I like it. Not the best i've ever had, but still really delicious! The service was excellent and it was a nice experience.  Overall, I would give this place 3.5 stars but yelp's rating system does not allow us to rate in fractions, so I rounded up.
5	Everything including the food, service, and atmosphere was incredible! Stephanie was our server and she could not have been any better at her job. Although I am sure all the staff are fantastic, I would highly suggest sitting with her if she is there. I would recommend everything that we had (caesar, eggplant pizza, chicken parmesan) but most of all focus on the dessert paired with an outstandingly foamy latte. Make sure you try the roasted banana crepes... out of this world!
3	American Italian, but a pretty cool little place. Recently purchased additional space is quieter.
5	I was reluctant to go to the Kierland area this past weekend because I knew my wallet would take a beating. But my wife had a gift certificate and wanted to explore the Kierland area shops and restaurants.We made reservations for 5:30 on the patio. We waited for about 5 minutes for our table to be cleaned and were escorted to our table on the patio. Talk about living large, a patio overlooking the shops and the courtyard which was accented with a bunch of palm trees on a beautiful 80 degree day. The ambiance alone rates an extra star.We started off with the Trio for $9, which is 4 pieces of bread (which was refilled) and with generous amounts of Hummus, an Olive spread, and Goat Cheese. All spreads were delicious. My favorite was the Goat Cheese, WOW! My first time to eat Goat Cheese and I am definitely hooked.We lucked out an had a great server, I believe her name was Bree. Kudos Bree! Bree helped us with the menu items.My son had the Chicken Parmasean and didn't share any with me. So I'm thinking that was really good and I should order some next time. My wife went out of her comfort zone and ordered the Buccatini which is Short Ribs and Spaghetti, WIN! I ordered the Flank Steak which was topped with fresh Arugula greens. The steak was fabulous, they serve you what seems to be two steaks that are cut in strips. Plenty of food, I had a hard time finishing off the steak since it was so much. We then relaxed and had a great post meal family conversation. All and all, a very enjoyable evening out for $70 (no alcohol) before tip and gift card.
5	I love this place! All the doors were open and the breeze flowing through the restaurant was perfect! I sat at the bar and the bartender recommended the perfect dinner for me. It started with artichokes & portabella mushroom bruschetta  . It was deli-sh and only $5. Dinner was seared sea scallops with mushroom risotto and arugula topped it off. Outstanding!
4	A little pricey but not as expensive as the other restaurants in the area. I had the chicken Parm, my wife had the salmon, my kid had the pizza and we all thought the food was delicious.  The peach mixed drinks were also very tasty. Thumbs up!
5	3/31/11: delicious pasta with butternut squash & brussel sprouts! Excellent service - I appreciate it when my server checks table without being obtrusive. And, it's a Pepsi place! :)
4	NoRth----Great restaurant to take visitors...Eat at  Bar North just around the corner (much quieter) or sit outside if weather permits...DO NOT take anyone who is hard of hearing to the main restaurant...even when it is slow it is ridiculously loud.Best itemsZucca chipsCalamari saladGreens saladFig and Goat cheese pizzaroasted veggiesLove the Pino Nero wine...go ahead...get the terrazo..
3	I've dined at other Fox restaurants, and I must admit that NoRTH is not my favorite.  My first dining experience at NoRTH was okay...There was a 25 minute wait for the patio, so we chose to sit inside.  We were seated at a table the cozied up to the kitchen, and not in a good way.  I heard crashing plates and screaming waiters throughout our meal.  The waiter was trying to be charming and on top of his game, but I could tell he was kind of turned off when we didn't order liquor.  While I was deciding on my entree, my date ordered the bruschetta to start.  This was not at all what we were expecting.  Some kind of melted, mild white cheese (provolone?)  atop white bread, topped with asparagus spears and proscutto.  I was really looking forward to something more Italian.I guess the waiter didn't want to interrupt our conversation, but we waited for about 15 minutes before he came back to take our order for the main course.  Slightly irritating.  My date had the pepperoni pizza (minus the sausage), which he enjoyed immensely (but how can you mess up crust, cheese and pepperoni?).  I had the peasant shrimp.  I can't quite describe this dish...there were four large, shelled shrimp accompanied with some beans (I can't recall the variety), swiss chard, and tomato in a lemon cream broth.  I still can't decide if I like the broth...maybe if it were reduced more into a sauce it would suit the dish better.  Overall it was okay...I was expecting a lot more.  I prefer Culinary Dropout, same sort of restaurant, but done a lot better.
5	I went here for my birthday and holy moly was I glad I took a chance on NoRTH to make my bday fabulous.  This so far is my favorite Fox restaurant and one of my favs in all of the Phoenix area.  Everything we had there was excellent and cooked to perfection.  For apps: yucca chips and trio of dips AMAZINGEntrees- Strazz-something chicken pasta, scallops, and New York.  AMAZINGDesert- Nutella crepes- Not amazing but free since it was my bday!Service was excellent and they catered to our needs quickly and effectively.  We did not make a reservation for outside so when we decided we wanted to be outside they made the change and we were sat in 5 min. Love this place.  Cant wait to get back and try more things!
4	I love North. I loved it even more when it was on the west side of Phx. We went there for anniversary's, birthdays, New Year's Eve and anytime anyone comes in from the east coast we go there.  The food is consistently cooked perfectly. The fresh fish is excellent and never overcooked. The Osso-Bucco is awesome and never dissapoints. the restaurant has a new york feel to it and very comfortable. Staff is always professional and knowledgeable. It's compettitlvely priced but we've gone back there more than any other restaurant in the last 5 years in Phoenix.
2	Took some guests in from out of town and it was so LOUD that we got up from our table and went to Bar North to dine outside....same menu, but not quite what we had hoped to experience.  Tiny round tables to dine...just because the employees may like loud music, let's not forget who pays the bill!   I ordered brussels sprouts and they arrived and they weren't even trimmed up....an oversight I hope.
4	Had dinner here with a colleague recently.  After browsing the menu, decided to go for the Baked Ziti (Bolognese, Spinach, Ricotta, Mozzarella Cheese, $16) and a glass of 2007 Frog's Leap Zinfandel, $12.50.  The weather was awesome, so we dined outside on the patio.Our server was awesome and made sure our glasses of Wine were never empty.  The food came out pretty fast.  I took one bite of my Ziti and instantly became a fan!  The Bolognese Sauce had the right combination of Spinach & Ricotta to make a heavenly dish....the proportions of ingredients was just right so that any one flavor didn't overpower the meal.  It went great with the glass of Zin.....which had a nice Chocolate-Berry flavor with a slight Peppery bite to it....yum!Overall, it was really good dinner.  Can't wait to come back and take The Better Half.Return Factor - 95%
4	NoRTH has that standard sleek/sexy/urban/whatever leitmotif of FOX Restaurant Concepts. I mean gone are the fruit chunks you see in typical sangria. Instead, there's a pureed sweet confection that's a bit too niminy priminy. But I can't find too much fault in it tastes wise. The bruschetta was topped with asparagus and prosciutto. I was afraid the cheese would melt the bread out of sight. Ohs and ahs of satisfaction worthy. Best part of the meal hands down. The pizza we ordered was scanty with the prosciutto and heartiest on the fig. Therefore, yeah I like this place, but it's not what I'd call "Modern Italian Cuisine". Don't kid yourself.
3	I usually dine at bar north, but my sweetheart wanted to go to north for his bday, so I obliged. We were seated inside, unfortunately, because the place was like a smokehouse. It was so hazy I could taste the smoke and my eyes were dying after 20 minutes. We had the house specialty salad and tomato soup to start. Soup was amazing, so rich and tasty! The salad was good, but not as great as it sounded on the menu. For dins I had the salmon and bday boy had short rib pasta. The fish was overcooked and dry. I was sad. The pasta was nice, but the short ribs were awfully fatty from the few bites I had. Meh.For dessert we had the butterscotch pudding and it was fabulous. Best thing all night along with the tomato soup. The saddest part was that when I made the reservations I was told there was a 25% discount for the night (memorial day) but the bill didn't reflect that. I asked and got the bill reduced, but think that the whole thing is pretty sketchy.
1	Loud.  Musters are horrid. Danny hall the manager a dick. Don't go. Over rated. Loud inside. Wet outside.
4	We came in here on a saturday night for dinner before heading out- they were on a little bit of a wait but they took our cell # and said they would give us a call once our table is ready. We went down the strret a little bit and had a glass of wine and then headed back. We sat out on the patio- it was a perfect night out. We started with the Grilled Artichokes- yeas a little messy but definiately worth it!! They were delicious!! I had the bucatini with short rib and that was really good too! Our server ws really nice and helpful with wine list and menu
5	I love this place. I go once a week. I love-love-love their thin crusted pzzas. I've had them all. My husband and I usually get the short ribs with polenta, which is fantastic and a pizza to split. I think the fig & proscuitto is my favorite.It says on Yelp that it's not suitable for kids, but my kids love North. They like to people watch. I've never had a bad experience. The wait staff is fantastic as well.
1	Recently 'redecorated'. All beauty and charm has been surgically removed. The banquets, thick green comfortable replaced with wooden slate chairs and rickety tables to match. The tasteful gating removed. Replaced with what appears to be giant tire rims with tiny fruit trees. I am totally over all fox restaurants. They can't even be trusted to redecorate without wrecking the place. Bloom is fugly as can be. The managers are good at apologizing, which is good- they will doing plenty of it.  Their new menu ideas are equally bad, I can see their getting ready to go public, buyer beware this chain is over.
4	The new decorations didn't do anything for the patio, so we sat inside this time. The new hood is much better inside for the smoke and noise.  Service was excellent. I love I can get a terrazzo of wine. Perfect meal for us is zucca chips, chicken parm, and then the butterscotch pudding--fairly affordable and dishes can be shared.
2	Meal was comped went because it was - close to Westin Kierland. Ate at this place and sat outside due to having to wait 45 mins to sit inside. It was about 80 degrees outside and they have mist falling from the ceiling to keep you cool.For an Italian place, it's alright. There's much better food. I had the steak skirts and came with a salad. I would not recommend this and should have gone for the pasta.All in all it's pretty not good for the price, but it was free so, whatever.
4	This place was highly recommended and it was as good as all the reviews.  We had appetizers, dinner, dessert, and drinks here and everything was well worth it.  I loved the sweet corn ravioli.
4	Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Kierland. I've been a loyal diner at their establishment for years, although my check-ins don't reflect it. The location is newly remodeled with an open floor plan and chic design. They have a gorgeous patio for outdoor dining.  I caution against sitting there this time of year (summer), but it's wonderful once the temperatures start to drop.  The menu is great! I always start with the zucca chips (thinly sliced and fried fresh zucchini) -make sure to get a side if lemon wedges and aioli to accompany the dish. The chicken chopped salad, lasagna, strozapretti and fish of the say are always great selections. The restaurant is very consistent with customer service and quality of the food.Check out North for any occasion - a business lunch, lunch and wine with friends, a date or solo at their bar.
4	Fantabulous! That's the best way I can describe the food here.I really wanted to get a photo of my dish, because it was a work of art, despite just being pasta et al piled onto a plate. Unfortunately, between my hunger and the amazing aroma wafting off the plate, the camera never made it out. This dish, by the way, was the strozzapreti. I could go on about how wonderful it was, but I'll spare the reader. Oh, there were also the Zucca chips. I nearly bit the waiter's hand off when he tried to remove the scraps.In truth, I would love to give this place 5 stars. The food, without a doubt, warrants that rating. However, the place was pretentious to the point that it was palpable. The acoustics of the restaurant made for a very loud experience. Oh and the server was actually a bit too attentive. She was great, very nice, on top of everything... but just a little too much.Overall I'd like to go again and try out some more of what they have to offer! (And of course, have more zucca chips...)
2	Not impressive. Our waiter was a total tool, a young kid who pretty much ignored us most of our meal.  Im not sure if he was new or just dumb.1. Neglected to bring us the complimentary bread.2. We requested lemons to go along with our waters, failed there.3. Our drinks were not a priority of his, chatting up other waiters was more important.4. We ordered appetizers for our table of 4 to share, he neglected to mention that appetizers would only be enough for each of us to taste a small morsel.5. Never came by during our meal or after to check on us.6. Hald of our pizza was burned on the crust. Normally I would chalk this up as an "it happens" but it seeing how the rest of our experience was going I was peeved.7. We waited for a good 15 minutes after finishing our meal for him to finally come by and ask if we were ready for the check. Then we waited another 20 minutes, deciding finally to go ahead and flag down the manager to run the card.We did express to the manager, Danny that our meal wasnt quite what we had expected. He listened and did seem genuinely concerned, even stepping outside the restaurant as we were leaving and offering us complimentary dessert.Nice effort on his part, but the whole conversation with him was a little awkward.Overall, you can probably guess that I think the service was terrible, and to be honest for the price the portions were meager. I had heard good reviews about this place and was eager to try it, but based upon my recent experience I dont think I will be returning.
4	the fish is always fresh, the beef short ribs are always tender and love the seasonal veggies.... It can get a little loud on the weekends but it's always a great experience. The staff is knowledgable and friendly. and Their bread is so good. For a corp Fox rest. concept, North is the best !
5	Went to North one day after work with my wife and started with the appetizers.  Ended up getting two pizza's thinking they would be small since they were on the happy hour menu.  We were wrong!  They were delicious thin crust with lots of good toppings almost normal size.  Tasted great! North also has a great vino selection which we loved to see.  Unfortunately, being filled with za and wine left no room for dinner.  The bright side we'll have to go back again soon because everything on the dinner menu sounded awesome.  Cool atmosphere, very industrial modern, and the staff are great!
4	It's good times when you're sitting on the patio of North people watching on a gorgeous day, and it's even better when you're eating some delicious Italian cuisine. I have never had even a so-so experience at North . . . the service, the food, the ambiance have always been consistently above par, sometimes even excellent, depending upon the time of day dining. The food is always fresh, then menu always has something for every possible craving or desire . . . salads, sandwiches, pizzas, entrees. Two couples sitting across from us had two pizzas, and as they saw me perusing the menu, they held up a slice and exclaimed "you can't go wrong with the pizza!"  I am a huge fan of the thin-crust Neopolitan pizza, and North did not disappoint.  The crust was thin and crispy, the eggplant on top grilled to perfection, the onions caramelized but not soggy, and the portobello firm and tasty. My husband had the Angus burger, which was cooked medium rare to his specifications.  It was accompanied by a huge serving of pasta salad which rivaled the one I make at home that is his favorite (saddens me a bit, but nice to know that we can find a substitute when I'm not in the mood to mess up the kitchen . . .  )You can always find a great class of wine by the glass, not too expensive either.  They pour a nice-sized glass.When the weather permits, I always ask for patio seating. It is much more relaxed and quieter than sitting amongst the hubbub of the indoor dining areas.  The garden patio furniture along the far outside railing is prime seating, so comfortable that you could linger there for hours.Hmm . . . today is another  ideal day . . . Look for us on the patio! :)
5	Had a really great meal here!  I think the secret if you're on a date, is to split everything.  That way you get smaller portions, but can try more things.  We split the taggliatelle with braised beef, and the corvina with risotto.  Both were spot on.  The service was also very good.  Although we skipped dessert, I still think $100 tip included was a great value because of the upscale diner atmosphere, the Kierland location, and the decently priced drinks.  I can't wait to try the pizza next time!
4	Once again Sam Fox and Fox Restuarants brings forth a fine restaurant.  From humble beginnings in Tucson he has expanded into several states and opened a number of different concepts that work.  This new place using Caneros Inn in Napa as its architectual example is a welcome addition to Phoenix.  Great appetizers, pizzas, etc.
4	We went there for a dinner today, very nice place, a little noisy for my baby thougt ;)I had the italian wedding soup, it was very good but a little spicy. I also have a glass of wine, prosecco with passion fruit, very good...My husband had a tagliatelle w/braised short ribs, which he said was delicious. The service was very good as well. The patio looks great for when the weather wams up.
4	My husband and I really enjoyed this place! We were out shopping and just wanted a light lunch that we could enjoy on a patio. The chicken salad with pine nuts and Gorgonzola cheese was delicious and my husband had the pepperoni pizza which was also great (I snagged a slice to try it out!) Highly recommend if you're in the area.
5	Delicious...awesome atmosphere.  Fantastic service.  Went with a large group (9) and no issues.  Weeknight visit.  Everyone was thrilled with their selections.
4	Bruschetta was good and the Mahi Mahi was delicious. Very noisy and hard to hear. Not a quiet date place.
4	Long Time no review. My wife and I went to North the other night for our third time and had a shrimp and pasta dish that we split. The portions are big enough to split and be satisfied and the taste was great. North is not incredible but it is very good. The best thing is that it is at Kierland and the prices are very reasonable. Try it you'll like it!
4	Review update for their updated pasta selections! They are great!! So far my favorite is the Chitarra (shrimp, brussels sprouts, butternut squash and a hint of hazelnut), yummmmm~ also had the chance to try the Tagliatelle and Cavatelli, both were very flavorful, meat-lovers would love the Tagliatelle!
4	I went here last night with a party of 6 and I can't believe I've never Yelped this place before.  I've been here several times over the years and pretty much everything to be said has been said on other's Yelp reviews, but here is my overview:1 - all the food is great, portions good and priced decently2 - make a reservation - the place gets busy3 - the place is loud as heck.  I feel like I'm 80 just saying it, but the acoustics of the place are horrible and you have to yell to others in your party during prime time when the place is busy4 - food comes out fast but I have no idea why you have to wait 10 minutes for another beer or diet cokeLast night I had the short rib over creamy polenta and it was amazingly awesome.
2	How do you fail with dessert?  And with chocolate for that matter.  This place probably doesn't even make their own desserts.When the server started by telling us about the fish special I decided that I would try that.  Of course they were 'out of it'.  So i opted for the tuna.  I figured ordered seared rare I'd be safe.  How bad could it be right?  Well, the tuna was ok (not the freshest) but the tapenade with it was just off.  Too overpowering It didnt go well with the tuna.Other dishes we tried were the campanelle which was better but nothing special that a decent home cook couldn't make.The remodel was nice inside but wasn't a fan of the outside patio seating.  It was awkward and not comfortable.  I did like the addition of the community bar tables as the bar area is pretty small.  But this place will continue to be busy as it looks nice and it's in a great location.
2	Menu was nothing spectacular - pasta dishes were okay, but nothing to write home about. Prosciutto wrapped chicken was pretty good and their bread is addictive. The overall quality of the meal versus the high prices was not worth it.
4	Had a really pleasant time here last night for dinner. It was popping when we arrived at 7:30, but luckily we had reservations. Started off with their bread/dip trio which was fabulous! The hummus and cheese were extremely tasty. I didn't try the olive mixture since I dislike olives, but I'm sure it was just as good. They continually brought out more delicious bread while we waited for our main course. After a solid 45 minutes of waiting, we realized...damn, where the hell is our food!? A few minutes later the manager came over and apologized for the long wait, he offered to get us anything and he himself delivered our food when it was finished. I had the chicken & prosciutto which was amazing! The chicken wasn't dry and the prosciutto added a nice salty flavor to the meal. The potatoes were great too, soft but crispy on the outside. I scavenged off my friend's plate to taste the mushroom risotto - BOMB! Yum. Our server was a doll too. Very sweet, fast and cute too! She gave us 2 free desserts and we sucked them down quickly. A Nutella crepe? Yes please. The sour cherry bread pudding was quite tasty as well.I ate my leftover chicken about 10 minutes ago, not gonna lie.Overall great night. Friendliness truly does make a difference. Thank you to our server Emily for being a gem. We'll be back.
4	I am a little confused as to why my original review is no longer here? It was a positive review and nothing negative was said. Interesting... Nevertheless I have been to NoRTH numerous times and the food and drinks are always outstanding. I will say that sometimes you feel slightly rushed but for the most part it is still a great place to dine. They have renovated which makes the place seem bigger and albeit a little more dark. But that is not a bad thing as the food still taste fabulous. Still scratching my head as to where my original review went. Oh well...
5	Such a fun place to let loose and relax!Taking its cue from an Italian trattoria, NoRTH offers a fresh new approach to Modern Italian cuisine. With sleek interiors, a sexy atmosphere, and a menu offering unique antipasti, gourmet pizzas, inventive pasta dishes and many wood roasted and grilled dishes, NoRTH is the perfect spot for any dining occasion. NoRTH appeals to a variety of guests seeking a casual, hip and upbeat venue with deliciously affordable fare.
5	Great food and service. Ask for Derek because he is a great waiter.
4	Hello, ZUCCA chips!!  talk about DIVINE!even on the menu it says (YUM!) so of course I had to order it as a starter and boy am i happy I did.They are light, airy, thinly sliced zucchini pieces fries like potato chips. They were flavorful, nicely salted and super tasty!Only came here for drinks but our server was super nice to bring out bread & tomato paste/spread as well. My friend and I loved how the bread was soft on the inside and had a perfectly crisp crust. I was thinking about ordering a salad but was already full from dinner so I regret coming here on a full stomach. Must come back when I'm hungry!
3	Haven't been here in awhile, so decided to review on the changes.  First, love the menu updates... lots of seafood focus, with plenty of fresh salad options. My main dish was a little less exciting than it looked in the menu description, but still flavorful.  Service is swift and friendly; so no issue there.   Overall, I like it - but there isn't anything that left me wanting more. Prices are medium-high, so you could probably find other comparable restaurants to spend your dollar.
4	Embarked on our usual happy hour recon routine and finally checked out NoRTH.  Really enjoyed it! The bartender, Kyle, was very attentive and helpful.  Have to agree with everyone on the Zucca chips.  We devoured them!  Not going to go wrong with any of the food choices for happy hour and the specialty drinks offer some cool choices also.  The regular menu is priced a little on the high side for us, but we will save a night to come back and try it!
4	I absolutely adore this place! A friend suggested we come here for a late lunch on Monday and I jumped at the chance. Our server brought out ciabatta bread with a orange colored spread, it was buttery and delicious. We started with the appetizer size romaine salad w/ lemon dressing, the croutons were soft and seasoned well. I ordered the thin crust, spicy chicken & caramelized onion pizza. It was the happy hour pizza so it only cost $6.00!!I look forward to sampling other items from the menu. The reason I gave North 4 stars is because I really liked their outdoor dining area. This place is classy yet casual at the same time.
5	Good food. Better service. Nice recommendations by my server. Make sure you get Steve. Or Jessica, she's hot!
5	Good food. Better service. Great dish recommended by server. Make sure you get Steve as your server. Or Jessica, she's hot.
1	Stopped by today in the middle of the afternoon and the place was dead, mayybe 3-4 tables max.  After the host sat us directly between two tables literally 2 feet on each side of us we asked for another table.  The host had the audacity to tell us the place was completely sold out and all tables were reserved.  We walked out and will never go back.
3	Very slow service and they weren't very busy. Decent food. Very loud inside.  Nice patio when it isn't hot.
3	The atmosphere here is wonderful and the bar is great!! However the food feel flat to me. I had an ahi tuna salad and it was just ok...nothing to write home about!!  The whole menu looks too "fru-fru" if you know what mean!  :(
4	Great food. We had the scallops and the Tagliatelli with short ribs...and a nice Shiraz....yum. Perfect ending to the weekend!
4	Place is always good. I had the artichoke heart appetizer and it was quite tasty. Wine is expensive, as is the food, if you don't go during happy hour. But it's one of my preferred places to go to and people watch as I work on my books. Kelly was a great server, very attentive to providing quality wait service. This place consistently provides good food and service.
4	Ok, it's noisy.  Not a place for a quiet lunch or dinner.Tomato soup - AwesomeBread - AwesomePizza - AwesomeAngus Burger - OK, little dryFettuccine - Not a fan, Rock Shrimp were over cookedCaesar - Very Good, nice lemon flavorGo early as it gets crowded quickly.
2	Not going back :(  Over priced, small portions. This may be Northern IItalian food, but really?Calamari was weird and served with white beans -- ah, not? Partner order a simple red, meatball pasta and it cost us $19 -- really?  I could feed a family of 4 for less and much, much better. Order the pork and it was smothered in balsamic reduction and with a goat cheese sauce.  Let it be natural North.  Service was fine. But, that doesn't make me want to go back.  I'd love to show you how to really cook Italian food.Good Luck but, we won't be back...
4	Went for a late night date. Arrived just as they were closing for the evening but we were greeted pleasantly and seated on the outside patio as requested. We took our time ordering without a pushy waiter waiting to close up and when we finally decided ordered two deserts; the Nutella  crepes and the pear fritters. Both were excellent. Great service, great atmosphere and wonderful warm desserts on a cool evening.
4	We enjoy dining on the patio at North.  For starters, I love that they bring a little dish of assorted olives to nibble on right away.  Their zuchini chips are a fun snack.  I had the grilled artichoke for my starter, and it was delicious.  I ordered the pappardele with short rib ragout for my entree.  Apparently they recently started making all their pasta fresh in-house, and a lot of my noodles had stuck together in a big clump when they cooked.  The dish was replaced in a flash, delivered by the manager who apologized and said that he'd shown it to the kitchen and they had discussed how to prevent it happening in future.  The new serving of noodles was wonderfully delicate, and the short rib ragout was rich, flavorful and tender.
4	Great food, so-so service, cool environment.The portions are not large so be prepared... order a ton of the bread & dip.Pretty good Sangria.Expensive and small portions but delicious.
5	Great for date night or night out with friends! Pappardelle is excellent and the sangria is yummy!
4	I cannot explain how much I love the food here, especially the Fungi pizza. to.die.for. They have a great happy hour menu from 3-6 and all day Sunday, which I appreciate.  The service is hit and miss.  If only they could be more consistent with the service, this place would knock it out of the park.
3	It was my 1st visit and love the atmosphere.  The food was delicious!  Had the farmer's market salad and very tasty.  My friend had the pasta and he really enjoyed it.  I also tried the sangria and did not care for it.  I have had better, lucky for me is was only 4 bucks.  The server was very attentive, almost too attentive, she was starting to get on our nerves.  She kept interrupting our conversation.  Anyhow, we did try their hazelnut chocolate cake and that was very delicious.  All in all, it was good experience, the food was great, service was a tad too much and my sangria disappointed me.
2	So after reading other reviews I have to agree about one thing.  The service is not good and actually it is quite strange!  Our waiter seemed so casual and on another planet.  He looked totally bored and acted "cool".  It was upsetting because the food is expensive and I think we would have enjoyed lunch more if our server wasn't so weird.  Both my husband and I left really disappointed.  I would not recommend North.
4	Great food...even better atmosphere!
1	I really wanted to like this restaurant, great location, interior and upbeat lively atmosphere. After an "open table" reservation mix up, and finally getting a proper table, service was somewhat lacking although polite. To make matters worse was the hostesses continually checking to see how soon you would be vacating your table . The food was decent , my companion enjoyed their meal,  salmon , the portion was somewhat small . The porkchop was appetizing but was swimming in an over abundance of spinach with an overly sweet sauce.  I would recommend trying other establishment prior to North.
4	I really can't get enough of this place.  For anyone who understands true Italian food, this is a must try.  I always enjoy their fish.  Perfectly prepared and always served up with delicious vegetables.  In my opinion, this place is a bargain given the entrees are all in the $20-30 range.  Pasta is even less than that.  They also have a decent Italian wine offering with most glasses in the $8-10 range and bottles below $40.  I've always found the food fresh, the service pleasant and the atmosphere lively.  What more can you ask for?  Oh, LARGER portions?  Go to Golden Corral if you want to stuff your face.
1	Notice the increasing number of negative reviews...all related to service? I walked in to have lunch. A total of 5 tables were occupied (including mine) in North.I counted a total of SEVEN (7) wait staff..not including the bartender, buss boy, kitchen staff and the (I use the term loosely...) "manager".It was exactly 12 minutes before I had to ask if someone would please come over and take my drink and food order.Unfortunately, the rest of the service followed suit.North has sadly gone South....
4	OK wanted to give a horrible review that bashed the service and Scottsdale in general.Yes the food is great... and overpriced a bit for the portions.OK the service isn't bad just they have that Scottsdale arrogance I'm guessing they could use better hours and better pay.Had some great little event get together here in the past and am thank full for it.
4	North is still my favourite for "modern" Italian food.  Their pasta dishes are to die for, and their service is consistently good.  I am particularly fond of their cavatelli pasta dish. Prices are in line with the quality delivered but maybe a bit high for their pasta dishes.
5	I stopped in here to sit at their patio for a rest and a beer after exploring the Kierland Commons.  The staff was very friendly, helpful and informative about their restaurant and specials.  The place settings in the wine bar looked picture perfect and the patio chairs were soooo comfortable.  I could have sat there all day.  Oh, and the happy hour deals are amazing for such a swanky place.  I'll be back.
5	I love North. I think the atmosphere is awesome. They have a great patio and a nice interior. The wait staff is always polite and helpful. The restaurant is nicely kept and clean. They give you delicious marinated olives and bread with a compound butter on the table, and I really appreciate that.I've tried many meals there. My favorites include:*Caesar Salad*- Always well balanced.*Italian Salad*- (hold the salami)- A really yummy, acidic salad. Just the way I like it.*Bucatini*- Delicious sauce, pasta always cooked perfectly Al DenteMy husband always gets the *Papperdelle* with Braised Short Ribs. He loves it.The meat is always tender, and it's always bursting with flavor.Things I've tried that I wasn't crazy about:*Zucca Chips*- they taste just like thin potato chips that are overly fried. Not that interesting. Overrated.They have Happy Hour all day on Sunday, which discounted food. How fabulous!
3	3.5 starsLocated right next to The Greene House (another Fox restaurant concepts restaurant). We got seated right away for dinner around 5:30 pm. Although the table was small and very close to other tables, the restaurant was definitely "homey' enough for it NOT to be distracting. Our server came to us with a plate of olives (which none of us ate unfortunately)We started with the bruschetta appetizer. Prosciutto with asparagus and crescenza cheese. Although pricey and portioned small, the flavors balanced each other well enough to satisfy the taste buds. After asking our server, we decided to split the Strozzapreti dish: pesto sauce with pine nuts and crispy capers. Add chicken for a little extra. The portions were perfect to be split. A hungry customer would've definitely been able to finish a regular dish to themselves though. The dish was a little bit salty because of the capers. Otherwise, very tasty. We asked for bread to neutralize the "saucy-ness" and they happily gave us two slices no charge. Tiramisu for dessert. MELT IN YOUR MOUTH. so good!By the end of our dinner, the lighting was dimmer and the restaurant a bit louder. They do have an open kitchen which makes the restaurant a little more casual. My main complaint is in the small dining area, people stare at you and your food and it is sooo obvious. Moreso because their tables are so close to yours, its as if you are sitting at one table but...not really. Happy Hour can be enjoyed at the bar or the dining room. Plenty of tables on the patio but the tables are again, pretty small.
4	Fox Restaurants can do no wrong and North is another great argument for that. I've actually only ever been to the bar section, but I love the atmosphere and they serve the full menu, so why stray? The menu changes to keep up with the seasons, but all of their simple Italian dishes are consistently good and fortunately they always keep their zucca chips on! Comfortable seating on the patio, which faces the middle of the Kierland courtyard, can't be beat. They even have heaters for when the sun goes down and their house red, a delicious Montepulciano, keeps tempting you with just one more glass.
5	As great as we remembered it. Had the arancini appetizer at the recommendation of the General Manager who visited our table, and it did not disappoint--thank you! For main course, had my favorite--seared scallops in risotto--and it (again) delivered. Had been easily a year since we'd eaten there, so really great to see they hadn't missed a beat. Will definitely visit again (sooner this time).
3	Very noisy with limited menu. Good appetizers, love the Zucca chips.
4	Went for dinner on a Monday night and got a seat in their cozy patio. Had the zucca chips (tasty but a bit oily) and grilled artichoke for starters. The Short rib entree was excellent as was the Nutella dessert and the apple crumble.
3	Waiter was very helpful, prompt good service. Burrata was just ok. I had the spicy shrimp that was something that I could have microwaved at home. Boyfriend had chicken pasta and he said it was ok. Redeeming: great house red wine for $5.
4	Zucchini chips, grilled artichoke served with lighter than air hollandaise. Sat at the bar and had terrific service.
5	Great time and atmosphere. Had a nice table on the patio. Our waiter Chris gave us some great recommendations. The scallops were absolutely divine! As were the braised short ribs. Don't miss the mussels. They came in this light creamy broth that was OMG-good when dipped with the toasted bread. Wow!
5	I dig this place.  Took my parents, they're older, so they were not thrilled with the family style tables up front by the bar, nor the loud noise at 7:30 pm on a Friday night - in season.BUT, that said - the SUPER friendly hostess staff found us a seat outside on the patio, during a recent colder Friday evening (by a heater even, and my mother was so pleased).We did not have a res., but the staff accommodated us almost immediately, at a very busy time.  My parents were delighted with the quieter porch seating, and loved the place.  I was especially grateful for how we were treated at the door when entering w/o a res, and finding a few couples waiting to eat - who had made reservations.(Ed. Note - Don't be a Moron like me - Make a Reservation!)Of course, those people were seated first, but we were not forced to wait long at all, maybe 10 minutes before their crack hostess staff figured something out.This is important.  I felt like the NoRTH staff was working for us from the get-go.The table service was equally as solid, and the food was really good.The calamari and caesar salad were good, and I had spaghetti and meatballs with the house gravy (red sauce for most of you).  Top shelf.  Great overall experience.  Nice job, NoRTH staff.  I won't forget.
5	Oh North - you are absolutely delicious. The cocktails were amazing, the appetizers were fantastic (love those chips!) and our entrees were delectable. Dessert was truly a special occasion. Thanks for the great service and the friendly vibe. Oh, and your menu - aaahhh.... yum!!!
5	We stayed in the area on vacation.   We took a chance as the yelp reviews (avg 3 1/2 stars) either loved or hated the place.  Bad music aimed aimed for a young crowd and I can imagine the place gets loud when it's full. Waiter & host were fine. Bathroom spotless. Happy hour sign advertised 1/2 price bottles of wine. We had huge delicious salads - kale/arugala  and "simple" salad w/ roquefort & pine nuts, delicious roasted brussel sprouts and artichoke, and fantastic homemade pastas.  The bucatini spaghetti & meatballs were fantastic.   The sauce slightly sweet / slightly aromatic.  5 stars for the food.
4	We went about 7 and while the place wasn't full we were told a 45 minute wait becuase of lots of reservations - we had 2 in the party and ended up sitting in the bar section of the restaurant and the tables didn't fill up while we were there.  We had the zucca chips (YUM) and both had a pizza.  The pizzas were very handmade and very good, but very salty (I could tell the next morning when my fingers were swollen) - overall the food was good, the atmosphere is cool, but the whole "wait 45 minutes" when there are clearly many empty tables and nobody else waiting is annoying... the bartenders were cool and helpful from a waiter standpoint.
4	Very yummy! Love the zucchini chips!!
4	Enjoyed the meal, had the gnocchi with braised short ribs...very tasty.  Place was packed but they found a spot for us in the back outside which was actually nicer than sitting inside in my opinion.
5	Do not understand the criticism of the plain old Spaghetti and Meatballs but I find it to be one of the best I have ever had. To put that into perspective...I eat out ALL the time in all kinds of restaurants and all over the US. It is just flat out good. North is one of my favorite restaurants. My recommendation is just go. Someone tell me about a better spaghetti and meatballs...and I will go.
4	Great calamari and atmosphere!
5	***The Best Happy Hour I've Found in Scottsdale in the 2 Year's I've Been Here***My boyfriend and I went to NoRTH last night for Happy Hour. The food was great, the service was excellent and the value was outstanding. It's right across from Barnes and Noble by the fountain. If it's not too hot, it's lovely to sit and watch the children playing in the fountain.We had the Zucca Chips, Spaghetti and Meatballs (appetizer) and the Chef's Board. There is a Happy Hour special where you can get a pizza or a salad or the Chef's Board and a full bottle of wine for $20.00. In Scottsdale especially, that's a great deal! The only other place that I know that has as good a deal is Il Postino in Phoenix that has a Bruscetta Board and bottle of wine for $20.00 but that is only on Monday and Tuesday after 8PM. We also had two desserts. I had the Italian salted caramel/espresso custard. I can't remember the official name of it. It was delicious but incredibly rich! My advice is to share a dessert. My boyfriend had an apple crisp dessert. It was okay. I'm not a big fan of apple pie or apple type desserts.   The Chef's Board had a beautiful presentation. There were cheese, nuts, olives, salami, pepperoni, peppers and a dollop of a raisin compote on it. We asked the waiter what was in the compote and he not only described what was in it, but how it was prepared. Very, very impressive! I am a serious foodie and I genuinely appreciate that level of understanding of food.     The total bill was $43.00 and some change for a bottle of wine, Chef's Board, Zucca Chips, Spaghetti and Meatballs (3) and 2 desserts. I am really looking forward to going back!
4	Went back to North on Saturday night.  Have not been there for a few years.  I stopped going since the quality of the food did not match the pricing.   It was good but not spectacular.  Atmosphere is always great and full of energy.  Much better experience this time around.  We started with the calamari appetizer.  Calamari were tender and tasty, however, there were not enough to my liking and presentation was not very good.  Calamari were in pieces or broken.  At this type of restaurant I would expect nice round calamari rings embedded in the tender arugula served with the calamari.The entrees were much better.  I had the braised beef short rib gnocchi with horseradish cream.  Excellent dish.  Very flavorful and gnocchi were al dente.  Beef was melt in your mouth tender. Dish was  definitely on the rich side, but worth it.  My wife decided on the salmon.  Perfectly cooked to her liking.  The creamy farro side was outstanding, almost like a risotto.Service was very good.  Waiter was very busy, but was efficient and attentive.
4	Located in Kierland Commons, in a space that appears to be a modern homage to an Italian farmhouse, North will hit the spot for pretty much everyone.  Hip enough for the 20/30-something crowd but down-home enough for oldsters and families.  The happy hour menu is in force all day on Sunday, so you can eat and drink at a normal time on Sunday night at happy hour prices.  The food won't make you forget about Pizzeria Bianco, but it is quite good (especially at happy hour prices).Even though there is not kids menu, the place is still very family friendly.  We ordered pizza for aC and the server asked us if we wanted that fired up first.  He brought it out when he brought out our apps, which made everyone happy.
4	Favorites:Spaghetti and meatballs. Simplicity done so well it's amazing. I love the use bucatini - there's something about eating spaghetti-shaped tubes of pasta that makes my meal more exciting, especially when they cook it perfectly to al dente. The sauce is flavorful, fresh with basil, and cheesy but not excessively so. Meatballs are full of flavor. I'd order this many times over again. Scallops. I'm not a huge fan of scallops in general, but this dish definitely changes my mind!Zucca chips. They're super thinly sliced, not very crisp, but fun to eat and share with the table. All the salads. I've tried the kale salad and the seasonal vegetable salad, and both are refreshing, flavorful, and not heavy at all. I love the nuts. Nutella trifle. Need I say more?Service:Very friendly and classy, but not overly so in a way that makes you feel like I'm in a super fancy restaurant. My dad did not like his sea bass very much (a bit fishy for his taste) and our waiter Steve offered to replace his dish or bring him soup or anything of his choice. Even though my dad declined as there was a lot of food to go around, our waiter insisted that we at least get a free dessert. Very friendly staff overall.
5	Ok...My experiences at Sam Fox restaurants have covered the spectrum, but today, North really delivered.   The dishes and the execution were 100% on point.  I started with the seasonal vegetable salad; Beets, Carrots, Radishes, Kale, Romaine, Dried Fruit, Farro, Marcona Almonds, Pecorino, and White Balsamic Dressing.  One of the best salads I have had in a long time....great flavor and texture combinations....and perfectly dressed.  The Burger and The Spaghetti and Meatballs were also home runs.  I would dare say, Best Spaghetti in town.  High quality thick pasta prepared perfectly al dente with a little chewiness, and a lusciously rich perfectly balanced tomato sauce with herbs and parmesan.  It was phenomenal.   The burger was also fantastic...great bun, and flavorful toppings.  The crispy potatoes  are wonderfully prepared...get them!!!!  I would like to thank whomever created and executed these dishes in the kitchen at North for a lunch that surpassed my expectations.
5	I just went here today for lunch after find them on the Whistl app for iPhone. Let me start off by saying, the service was outstanding. Everyone from the hostess to the manager was just delightful. Their happy hour menu was excellent and very reasonably priced. I started off with the spicy nuts ($2). They appeared to be light caramelized in sugar and cajun spices. It was a perfect blend of sweet and spicy. Next I got the chef's choice pizza. A different pizza everyday! It was definitely big enough to split with someone after an appetizer or happy hour item. It had roasted peppers, pepperoni, oregano and tons of fresh basil on top (my favorite!). For $8 it was a solid bargain. I will definitely coming back to try their other daily pizzas! I would also recommend the bucatini and meatballs $(5) , as well as the zucca chips ($2). I've had the zucca chips and they are a great alternative to potato chips, very flavorful. I saw someone eating the bucatini and meatballs and it looked absolutely delicious.I cannot recommend this place enough. It's a great place to take a date, the portions are all very generous. An overall great atmosphere made this an even more wonderful place to dine. Cannot wait to go back soon! If you're looking for more great deals in the area, definitely download the Whistl app for iPhone! It's free, no advertisements, and I have not been disappointed with any of the restaurants on there.Happy eats everyone!
5	What a wonderful evening! The Ono was amazing, and our server recommended a wine that went perfectly with it. Service was great. we will be back.
1	Went for dinner and had a bottle of wine, meatballs and short rib gnocchi. Wine: their "feature" Italian red. Mediocre at best but the price was ok $48. Meatballs: bland and boringGnocchi: strange dish that doesn't make sense. It had a weird cream sauce and the short ribs needed to cook longer. The mustard overpowered everything. The dish was kinda gross and it made my wife and I ill. Atmosphere: cool place but so noisy we couldn't really talk to each other. Service: ok but we had to ask for water to be refilled. I don't get the reviews.  Will not be back.
3	The food was great but the restaurant was too loud and the service was so so. I wish I could give it 3.5 stars. I will certainly go back again.
2	I was very happy with the food at Sauce and Olive and Ivy and had been wanting to try North for a while. I received a gift card for Christmas to Fox restaurants so my husband, daughter and I went in over the weekend. Note: there is no kids menu. The service was very good. Our food took longer than expected so the manager sent us over an order of zucchini chips and our waitress brought us bread with a roasted red pepper butter.  My husband ordered the Lasagna and I ordered a gorgonzola chicken salad. The food was just not good. I wish I could say it was but it wasn't. I actually got sick after eating there. :( I will stick with the other Fox restaurants.
5	Excellent food and a great Happy Hour at NoRTH. I've tried a couple of Sam Fox restaurants with mixed reviews, Olive & Ivy being the only one I return to.Their lunch is also really good and the Italian Farm salad is really great. Their wine list is so-so, but the pizza looks excellent. Next trip, I'll try this and the zucca chips!
4	Tried this for the first time last night and absolutely LOVED IT!Seared Scallops with mushroom risotto: it was amazing! the scallops were perfectly caramelized and the mushroom risotto was soo creamy and delicious.  It also came with these crispy shallots on top which added another nice crunch to the dish. We came during happy hour so we ordered a bottle of wine which was half off! can't complain about that! even the bread they brought to your table came with a yummy flavored butter. Seriously don't have anything bad to say about this restaurant.
5	Awesome service and thoughtful consideration of our young family
5	One of our favorite places for lunch, happy hour, or dinner - it's consistently terrific.   Had lunch there last week with my daughter - I had the seasonal vegetable salad, she had the chicken parmigiana, and both were delicious.   Both of us indulged in dessert afterwards - she had the salted caramel pudding; I had some incredibly good vanilla ice cream with espresso poured over it... heavenly.    Not sure if the wine we drank with our lunch contributed to how much we enjoyed ourselves, but we did - thoroughly!  Great service, nice ambience, consistently delicious food - love this place!
3	After a rough day at work, my husband and I decided to treat ourselves by going out to Zinc. Unfortunately, they were closed so we wound up at North instead. Well, it certainly isn't Zinc so I won't compare it to that. It is a Fox Concepts restaurant, so it did remind me a little of Olive & Ivy. Some of the dishes and ingredients reminded me a lot of Olive and Ivy (scallops, beef brisket, etc) and the cocktails sounded familiar. When we first entered, we were greeted by two hostesses. One of them asked where we'd like to sit and lead us to a patio seating of our choice. The inside was loud and filled with people whereas the patio was quiet and only had one or two other couples. Our waitress showed up rather quickly and took our drink order (just water). She came back with the waters and asked if we were ready to order. I went with the scallops on mushroom risotto and my husband went with the beef short rib gnocchi. Our food arrived rather quickly and was presented nicely. My dish was good but couldn't decide what flavor it wanted to be. The risotto was salty, extremely so. The scallops were citrusy, extremely so. Then some areas weren't salty or citrusy. It wasn't a well-combined flavor experience and I felt like I had to eat it in pieces as to not shock my palette. My husband enjoyed his gnocchi, whereas I thought the actual gnocchi was flavorless. (The beef short rib was delicious.) As the night progressed, I noticed that the waiters and waitresses didn't work in teams or even really acknowledge each other. Our water cups drained and our waitress didn't come back for some time. However, two different waiters walked by, with a water pitcher and didn't fill our cups. When our waitress finally did come back and asked if we needed anything, I mentioned water and she was quick to grab a pitcher and fill it. I've been to other restaurants where there is more of a team work/effort feeling and everything runs smoothly. Not sure if this was an off night or what.
5	Always great good. Strongly recommend their happy hour specials. Also you have to try the zeta chips.
4	I almost desperately want to give NoRTH five stars, because the food is really something special, but it has one huge problem -- its very, very noisy (outside may be better if it is cool enough).  About the food - traditional Italian fare is freshly and expertly prepared before your eyes (well you can see the cooks but not the cooking).  The short ribs are particularly well done, and I recommend the platter version because the onions, greens, and other fixings are perfect for the dish.  The pasta is freshly made and tastes like it.  Another recommendation: the arancini (fried rice balls in a red sauce).  Hint: don't order the pizza; it might be really good but you don't want to miss the other menu items.There is a decent wine list and a number of beers, including Italian offerings.  The prices seem high for beer but low for wine, which is a bit odd.Service is pleasant, although on crowded nights it can be a bit of a wait for your food.  But don't worry -- you will be entertained by the other patrons: NoRTH is kind of a meat market, both at the bar and at the tables, so people watching can be, shall we say, diverting.
2	This review is a prime example of how bad service can taint good food. If I could give 2.5 stars I would. I really wanted to rate this restaurant at a much higher rating. I took my boyfriend here to celebrate his birthday a few days early. We arrived at around 7:30 and the place was packed. I should have made a reservation because we walked in and the line of people waiting at the hostess table was almost out the door. We waited to be greeted by the hostess for about 5 minutes before we could give her our names. At first, both of the hostesses were polite and told us that a table for two had about a 10-15 minute wait, so we stood in the waiting area because there were no more seats available. About 20-25 minutes go by and we still hadn't been called up. We went back to the hostess station and asked the girls what was going on. Somehow, they ended up not taking our name down, so we were never added on their wait list. When we asked them how much longer from that point, they told us 35-40 minutes, despite the fact that we had already been waiting. Their excuse was that the kitchen was working at capacity. Yeah. I understand. But if the kitchen is working at capacity, then why did she offer for us to sit at the full-service bar? Sounded like a poorly-constructed excuse devised to cover up a mistake. We sucked it up, gave them our name and made sure they had it this time, and went back to standing. Other groups and couples kept walking in and were being seated immediately. I was so frustrated that I asked my boyfriend if he wanted to leave and go somewhere else, but he said no so we just walked around the Kierland area. After about 20 minutes, we got a text saying our table was ready. We walked back, and were seated outside. Our waitress came to take our drink order, and having had so much linger-time before we were seated, we already knew what we wanted to order, so we ordered the Pig pizza as an appetizer along with two Diet Cokes to drink. She came back immediately with two water glasses, but no Diet Coke. In the meantime, we asked for some bread and infamous sun-dried tomato butter to snack on. Five minutes had gone by and she stopped by our table with nothing, and simply told us that the bartender was backed up-- this seemed to be the excuse of the evening all night. I mean, how hard is it to really fill up a couple of soda glasses. Five minutes later, she came back with our drinks, but no bread. It took her about another 2 minutes for bread. Right after the bread came, our pizza came. It was absolutely delicious. The meats were so flavorful, the crust was the perfect consistency and thickness, and the sauce was amazing. Even though this place isn't technically a "pizzeria," I think their pizza was better than LGO's Gladiator (similar pizza with two types of sausage).  In the meantime, we ordered our main courses. I got the spaghetti, and he got the short rib gnocchi. About 10 minutes after finishing the pizza the main courses came out. My spaghetti was really really good. The pasta, almost similar to a bucatini, was not like most traditional spaghettis. The noodles themselves were thick (larger diameter), and cooked to al-dente perfection. The pasta wasn't swimming in sauce, and similar to the pizza sauce, was very nicely flavored. My boyfriends gnocchi on the other hand was a complete disaster. I seriously cannot explain how unappetizing it was. The short ribs were apparently really good, but the sauce that it came in was SO bitter. I pretty much just dipped my fork in the sauce and didn't want to eat any more of it. After about 3 bites, we ended up having to send it back. We waited a bit, talked to the manager (I'm assuming), and eventually the other dish came out. It was actually pretty good. I can't remember what it was called but it had chicken, spinach, pine nuts and pasta all together. By this time (9:30 ish) the restaurant was starting to clear out. The waitress was nice enough to comp us an apple crumble dessert (that was truly delicious) because we were celebrating his birthday. We ate it, paid about $55 for the whole meal, and left 2 1/2 hours later. All together, the food was really good, but the service was really, really lackluster. If the service was even just a little bit better, this place would have gotten four stars in my book. At this point, I'm not too sure if I'd be back or not. Maybe I'll venture out on a day that seems to be less crowded, where all the staff can keep up with demands.
1	Wish there was a 0 star option. I would say this had to be the worst service I have ever received, but that would mean I actually received service. My wife and I came in and were told to seat ourselves anywhere we like. Once we seated ourselves, we waited about 5 minutes before receiving menus at which point we requested waters. We received our water orders promptly. We sorted out what we wanted to order and put out menus down - we then waited almost 20 minutes - no one came by for our order. During this time we saw the waiter come by several times and assist those who came in after us. It was quiet and very empty at the time (early afternoon) and there were only 3 other couples in the entire restaurant. There were at least two waiters just standing around and the third made rounds by us a few times and even noticed us try to flag him down - but never came by. After 25 minutes of waiting for someone to take our order we decided to leave and as we walked out, the two waiters standing by the door just smiled smugly and said "have a nice day" as we walked out. It seems they were waiting for us to give up and leave on our own. We're not very vocal or confrontational people so they got no lip out of us unfortunately. Aside from this, the place is cozy looking, quiet, clean and easy to find and access. The people working there were the rudest I have ever met though and we were very excited to try a place.
2	We have been to North many times over the years and have always enjoyed great  food and service. This time the food was great,  but the service was awful. Our waitress Kelly ignored us and was really rude. I eat there frequently and am normally a good tipper but couldn't  justify it this time.  She  never brought bread, and seemed annoyed when we asked a question about our bill. Not what I've come to expect from service at North over the years. Kelly needs an attitude adjustment . Will avoid her if we go back!
1	Had a 25% discount and a birthday free dessert.  The place is very, very noisy.  We were seated immediately and not having been there in a very long time, I noticed the menu was completely different.  I ordered a pizza (normally I eat salmon).  It was OK but I gave half to my husband.  For the free dessert there was nothing CHOCOLATE.I got Nutella gelato and gave it to my husband.  A discount and free dessert (of which there was none for my taste) was not worth it.  Will not return.  It is "not what it once was."  Give it a MISS, in my opinion.
1	I have been going to North for 10 years. It once was a cool,layed back place with great service and food. The bartenders knew their regulars and there were a lot. Sorry Sam Fox. No longer true. It is so hot in there and the service is awful.. I asked if I could sample 2 wines. I was given a dime size of wine each time. I settled on Conte Fini Pino Grigio. A safe no brainer. Bartender opened the bottle then sat it down at the bar gave us 2 empty glasses, then left. She didn't even pour 1 glass. And the wine was warm. The pizza of the day was cheese and sausage. I asked if I could get it with out sausage but with a little basil on top. No I was told. It would cost a dollar. Ok I said. The pizza was like cardboard with crust. It used to be great. What happened? It was crowded so I guess they don't care.
5	This restaurant was delightful. If it was a drink it would be a sunny delight. Don't try to get here by driving south though. Or east. Or west. One guy that works there has a really great beard. Another girl that works there has a charming smile. If you want to be served by nice beards and charming smiles, well there's no better place.
4	Always good service and the food is tasty. Drinks are likewise very good. They have gluten free items which is a plus. The atmosphere is festive and a mixture of families, date nights, and parties. It's one one of the better places in north Scottsdale.
4	Almond crusted trout with potato au gratin. Scrumptious. Our waiter , Steve hit the perfect note with  his service.
4	Very good food, service and out door seating.  Would dine again!
5	Wow. Food was unbelievable. Best I've had in awhile. Service was fantastic too. I will definitely go back.
3	Came here spontaneously because the team & I were around the shopping area by foot. We were looking for a place to eat dinner & stumbled upon this restaurant with outdoor seating. Service was good from the moment we walked in. I had to give this place three stars because all of the food we ordered were just okay. Their in-house pasta texture was great all around. However the taste for everything wasn't out of this world. We had the bruschetta (which I enjoyed the most), balsamic & goat cheese salad with avocados & onions, spaghetti, gnocci horseradish pasta, & spicy shrimp pasta. Other than the mediocre food, the tables were really close together. I couldn't help but hear all of the conversations around us. Overall this place would be one of the ones I would honestly go back to but not choose first. Try it!
4	Good happy hour.  Spaghetti and meatballs for $5.
5	Outstanding food!The pizzas are great. The salads are great. The pasta boulanaise is outstanding. We have eaten hear a few times and everyone in out group loved their food choice. Prices are reasonable and the quality is great. The watermelon salad gets rave reviews and the pasta boulanaise was 'the best i've ever had'.
5	I started this evening off with a negative star rating as they dropped the ball getting waiters or waitresses and we waited for over 21 minutes to get service started.But the food was incredible - Betsy the poor waitress who got us after the wait was excellent and the service from her and management was over and above.They took care of everything, so much that I was totally compelled to rewrite my initial review of North!!!!!!I am more than happy and will recommend coming here and enjoying the food and service!!!!!Thank you management and Betsy!!!!!!
4	The food was impressive.  The Fox Concept restaurants never seem to disappointment and North proved that again.For starters we had the Zucchini chips, which were the most addictive things I've had in a long time.  I really wish I had a continuous filling bowl in front of me right now.  They were paper thin, and mildly breaded.  For dinner I had the spaghetti and meatballs.  Whenever I try a new Italian restaurant I always gauge it on how well it makes this dish.  I was really impressed.  The waitress had informed me that the pasta is made in house daily.  The sauce was just light enough, and the meatballs were almost perfect.  It wasn't too busy when we went at 8:30/9pm on a Friday night, so the overall atmosphere was still nice.  I will really like to go back again and try more from the menu.
4	Place is for real one of best spots in Scottsdale. It's true, service is awful but easily worth it for the food. To be fair, I have only had two different meals but the chicken parmesan is amazing. It is seated in a beautiful district of shopping and retail stores but a little difficult to find for the first time.
3	Went to North for a birthday dinner tonight with some friends food was average, service was mediocre.  Let me explain, my friend ordered the spicy shrimp pasta it tasted really wrong, we sent it back the server apologized and said it would be off the bill, well it wasn't we had to bring it up to his attention. The menu is average "chicken parm and spaghetti meatball"It's good  place but  I feel the menu could be a little more daring and the service more genuine.
4	Zucca chips and seasonal salad were amazing. Also, the bread with sun dried tomato butter was out of this world. We ordered the Funghi pizza as our main item. Unfortunately, it was not the star. The crust was a little think and chewy. Definitely not the thin and crispy style we prefer. The pizza also had onions that seemed out of place. Red onions would have probably fit the pie better. The decor and atmosphere was appropriate and the staff was friendly. Our check came to about $40 for the chips, salad, pizza, and a glass of wine. I'd definitely recommend this as a decent and affordable lunch place.
5	So to start, I'm pretty sure the zucca chips are spinkled with crack.  ADDICTING!!  Those are a must order!!  I ordered a sandwich on a delightfully toasted bread which was served on a nice cutting board and had a great iced tea.  We got our food in absolutely no time at all and the service was super duper quick even at lunch hour.I would definitely come back here.  Ambiance is great and clean food that reminded me of California cuisine.
5	I had a hard time trying to figure out what to order because so many things looked delicious on the menu. We started with the grilled artichoke. Wow! Amazing! They grill it with truffle oil and some parm. The dipping sauce was a lemon aioli. I could have eaten 5 of those things! It was delicious. For lunch I had the burger wrapped in lettuce! It had melted fontina, tomato jam, grilled onions and a perfectly cooked medium rare patty! It was served with a side of "crispy potatoes" (these delicious crispy potatoes with some sort of cheese roasted on top) . I would order a side of those just because they are delicious! I rounded out the meal with the Nutella trifle and a coffee... Enough said. The servers were amazing! Not only were they nice but they also had great menu suggestions. One told me I reminded him of Penelope Cruz so he gets an A+ in my book ;) . Perfect place to drop into for a meal during a shopping day!
5	Great restaurant!  The mussels were delicious.  I also had the patata pizza which was incredible.  Would definitely return.  This is a must in Scottsdale.
4	I like North because the food there is consistently good.  The service on the other hand is a hit or miss.  Ate dinner there with the hubs and toddler the other day.  We ordered the burrata and the zucca chips for appetizers.  The zucca chips were delish, as always.  The burrata was  not all that great.  But that's okay - I wanted to try it and I did.  I ordered the Atlantic Salmon which was perfectly cooked and tasted delicious with the butternut squash.  Hubs had the pork tenderloin which was medium rare and cooked to perfection.  I just love the food here. Service was a bit off for us tonight.  Drinks were not refilled.  Visits to see how we were doing were not very frequent, if at all.  We used a $100 gift card to pay for our meal which came out to $95 and some change.  We also gave her a $20 bill in cash and asked for $5 back - giving her a $15 tip. I was expecting to get my gift card back since there were a few dollars on there but it never came back.  When leaving, I asked if I was going to get my card back but she went on to tell me that she took my balance of my gift card and used it as tip towards herself ON TOP of the $15 that I already gave her.  Normally, I wouldn't mind giving a 20% tip but it was not deserved.  And one thing that IRKS me to no end is when a server ASSUMES that we don't need change back.  That alone made me irritated.  Please tell your servers not to ask if they need change back and don't assume it, either! I overheard another server at the table next to me asking if they needed change back and they said yes!! It's rude!!!
4	This is my place place to eat when I lived in North Scottsdale. I usually go there for lunch and always get the farmer's salad. Their salad is made with seasonal veggies and the white balsamic dressing they use is delicious. During dinner time, I get the braised beef short rib. It is so delicious. I would say the only food I'm not very fond of is their pizzas. The pizza is not horrible, it's just meh. The toppings are similar to those of a take out pizza place like pizza hut.
5	This is the best Fox concept! I've only had the best service and the food... I could get fat with how much I would eat the food here! For appys get the calamari. Served sort of like a salad with arugula and a light lemon vinaigrette sauce. The gnocchi is my go to meal and rightfully so. This dish so unbelievably rich yet so satisfy. The sauce it's in has this tanginess that makes the dish stand out.The chicken parm is a typical chicken parm but the freshness of the ingredients (everything is fresh!) sets it apart.The servers are very knowledgable on with the wine list. If I'm ever stuck on what to pick they always have a great suggestion. Amazing spot for a cozy date or catching up with friends. Good job Sam Fox!
4	A fox concepts restaurant, which is for the most part consistently quality food. Tried the zucca chips and the margarita pizza. The zucca chips seemed like a must try based on the number of reviews that mention it - they were good, but because they were so thinly sliced there were a  number of them that were burned. Despite, tasty and enjoyable. The margarita pizza on the other hand, was hands down delish. Simple, tasty ingredients in every bite!
5	Excusing the pretentious capitalization of this restaurant, I must say my meal was perfect. Went with family, had the salmon. Cooked to perfection and was accompanied by some sort of risotto like pasta with crack cocaine butter on it. I plowed the whole thing down like there was no tomorrow. And that was after their delicious house bread and special butter. Good stuff, this place.
5	Went here for dinner on a Thursday night with a group of 5. Made reservations and were seated right away when we arrived. I didn't really know what to expect, but I was more than pleased! We ordered a caesar salad, pasta bolognese, and pizza (sausage and spicy salami, i believe) to share and WOW - everything was super fresh and homemade. The sauces were delicious and the pizza was 6 slices of goodness. One member of our group is gluten free and ordered the GF pasta -- he said it was really delicious.We also got a bottle of wine that was super reasonable and everyone agreed it tasted great for the price. Beware: this restaurant is LOUD! We had a tough time talking to each other -- it was more like yelling! But the yummy food more than makes up for the loud atmosphere. Go!
4	Went here for dinner and was very happy!  Fair prices for good food.  Had the scallops with risotto and it was great.  Scallops were perfectly cooked and not over seasoned.  Risotto was just a shad over cooked for me but the flavor was great.  Nice attentive service to top it off.  + half price bottles of wine on Sunday :)
5	Wonderful meal and great atmosphere!  I had spinach/ricotta tortelloni which was fabulous!  Caesar salads were great.  Service was wonderful, friendly and attentive. Great atmosphere and a great place to eat outside on a nice night!
4	Arancini was an ABolonese was lovelyBarolo was a little light for the dish but held up.
5	Great food, fun atmosphere. Can be a wait to get in since it's a popular area for tourists. Love the zucca chips and lasagna.
4	A friend took me to lunch at this location today in thanks for picking her up after selling her car.  I had been to a different North location before.  Interestingly enough this wasn't our intended destination.  We started out at another eatery on the other side of the street but when she mentioned North was here, out of that place we jetted and straight here.I was looking forward to the amazing fresh pasta bolognese... and wasn't disappointed.  It was even better than the first time I had it.  As with some other the other reviews, the service is hit and miss, and today was a miss.  Took long time to get drinks, then refills, or any attention at all and there were empty tables the place wasn't packed.  I can understand when it's extremely busy, but they were not.Again, the food was amazing.  I would recommend it to anyone and everyone.
4	Love this place ever since they've changed their style and menu. Delicious food, great prices, and amazing Sangria. The salmon with pesto pasta is also amazing.
4	Yum! First visit to North Kierland and it was so much better than the Phoenix location. It was another beautiful day in Arizona so we were lucky to get a table outside. We did have to ask the waiter to turn off the heater, though! Patio heaters not needed on a mid-70s sunny, gorgeous day. But I digress.The soup of the day was a white bean and OMG was it ever delicious! Followed by a yummy Salsiccia pizza. Truly, I could've sat there all afternoon sipping wine, nibbling on pizza and watching all the tourists go by.If you haven't tried North, don't wait, go now.
3	I should have ordered the Bolognese, apparently.
5	This is a busy place so make a reservation.  The food is excellent.  The rosemary pan roasted chicken is by far the best I've had anywhere and I'm particular, a foodie and love to cook.   I make it at home and they do it right.  The bolognese pasta is also very good.  We order it as an appetizer and share it.  We didn't order the pizza and it is definitely on our list.  Enjoy!  We did .
5	This place was recommended to us by some friends of ours. We are only here for a few days so wanted to pick special restaurants for each night we'll we are here.I went on yelp to read some of the reviews. Was a little concerned with some people saying there was a snotty attitude.We did not find that at all! We were greeted right away when we walked in and sat at our table which we had reservations for.As soon as we were seated a smiling young girl named Sam came over to greet us and brought us a cocktail menu. I told her what I was thinking about getting and she said that was one of her favorites!  She was super friendly and instantly changed our whole attitude about the restaurant.Soon after that our waitperson Jamie came over.  She was very's friendly also. See had great knowledge of the menu and seemed like she had all the time the world to help us. (Even though the restaurant was packed)We had the zucca chips and calamari...then a salad and Bolognese and my husband had STROZZAPRETI. Both were fantastic! I would definitely recommend this place!
4	Great place, I like the lunch menu although it's pricey so can't go every day.  I've mostly had the salads and they are always fresh and flavorful.  Service is very attentive, keeping water and beverage glasses full.  Different people come around to check on your satisfaction. Excellent place for a business lunch.
5	Sit outside!  Inside can be a little crowded & loud, but outside is just right!
5	Visited North for the first time on 03/26/14.  My wife works nearby, and I wanted to take her to lunch.  She suggested North because I like Italian food so much.  I can't wait to return to try other dishes!North has done the impossible.  They got me to eat zucchini and like it.  I always swore that zucchini was not fit for human consumption.  They proved me wrong!  We started out w/ an order of the "Zucca Chips", deliciously thin sliced deep fried zucchini.  Do to it being my first time there, we decided to split 2 lunches.  We started w/ the Italian Farm salad.  Mixed greens, salami, cheese, roasted red peppers. olives, and  red onion.  I don't like raw onion in a salad, but I ate every morsel in my salad.  They tasted like they were marinated and did not have that sharp onion bite.  The other item we had was the Meatball Sandwich.  This was different than most restaurants, as it was served on a round roll, rather than a hoagie style roll.  The meatballs were very good and tasted like they had Italian sausage in the mixture; they were nicely complemented by the cheese, sauce, and tasty roll.  Accompanying the sandwich were some of the best potatoes that I have ever had in a restaurant.  They looked like they were par boiled whole, smashed and fried.  Very, very good, nice texture, and a great taste.  The nice thing is that they were not greasy looking or tasting, nor were they salted to death.I have to mention that the service was very good.  The hostess, our server, and another server that was assisting ours were great.  They smiled and were welcoming and friendly.  No bad attitude whatsoever.  We told the server we were splitting the meals, and he had the kitchen split them so we didn't have to (nice touch!).  I have nothing negative to say about our visit to North.  The only detraction that I could mention would be the noise level; it was loud when the place started filing up.Our bill was $36 before tip.  A little high for a midweek lunch, but not high when considering the quality of the food we had.  I usually don't say this about restaurants that are "new" to me, but I can't wait to return!.
4	Who am I to tell Sam Fox how to run a restaurant, but...Sam: you need to send your server at North back to Customer Service 101.  The food was fine..the setting was beautiful, and the price was right.OK....But.  Our server tonight was so disinterested in our table, it seemed as if we had done something to turn her off.  Granted...I am 69...and our guest was celebrating his 90th birthday.  We sat on the patio in a lovely table in the corner.  Whoever the tallish blond women was who was assigned to our table showed absolutely ZERO personality...was obviously distracted, as the common courtesies of being a server were totally missing.When the reservation was made, we were asked if it was for a special event.  We advised that we were celebrating a major birthday...and...and...nothing.  When we asked to see the desert menu, our server flipped ONE menu down for the four of us, and walked away for another ten minutes. No explanation.  Nada.  menu dripped...walked away...and didn;t return for too long a time.I paid the bill...left a 20% tip...and mentioned to her when we left, "Did anyone advise that we WERE celebrating an occasion?"  She said the message never got to her...and she was sorry.  "Can I get you a desert to go?"Anyway.  For such a great operator as Fox Restaurant Concepts, perhaps you have grown too large and too successful to properly train your servers in how to show a bit of enthusiasm and interest.Will we return?  Probably sometime down the road.  But in the meantime, I hope whoever the disinterested server is..or was...tell her that she spoiled a nice evening for us.I hate being dismissed as a senior.  I hate being treated with no enthusiasm.  I hate being ignored. Good luck Sam Fox.  Your empire could be out of control.EDIT REVIEW:Today, I got a call from Mike, the Manager for North. He was most apologetic that we had a poor experience, and invited me to return and have dinner on him.  I was most appreciative of his response, and told him that my goal was to advise North that they had not met my expectations, and I wanted the restaurant to know about our evening.To err is human...and NORTH has met my expectation for responding to my issue.They have done all they could do...and I am now more than satisfied that my issue was addressed.Thanks Mike...Larrylkcowboy@aol.com
4	Party of 3 on a Sunday. No wait for an excellent seat on the patio. Started with a couple of local beers and iced tea. Meat and cheese tray for an app that we finished in about five minutes. Delicious!!! Also had the zucchini chips that were just ok. One of us had brick oven pizza that was phenom.  My other friend ordered a sandwich that she enjoyed and I hAd a salad. It was a delightful Sunday afternoon. Overall good service would definitely return.
5	This is a happening place. It was slammed on a Thursday night. My wife and our 18 month old daughter visited North while on vacation. I was between steak or pasta and the waiter recommended the Ricotta Gnocchi which was one of the best entrees I've ever had. Definitely recommend that to anyone coming here.
3	No where near as good as the one on 40th and Camelback.  And the seating, it is so horrible, for gods sakes, get some more comfortable chairs.  I work my ass off to be in shape, so I don't have enough cushion for those hard chairs.  We had our moms night out there last Saturday and my hubby offered to drive me, so I told him to pick me up after two hours.  He told me I could stay longer,  I told him, no way, my butt couldn't take it any more, I went to the chiropractor on Monday, I still have such a back ache from those horrible, horrible chairs.  Stepping down from the soap box, the pizza piece I tasted from my friend was ok, and my other friend barely ate her muscles.  The Milano Mule was good, but didn't numb my back pain enough.
5	Everything at this restaurant was excellent, fresh, warm, crusty bread, grilled artichokes with a delicious aioli sauce. The salad was served on a bread board, italian salami on the bottom and layered with greens, veggies and a delicious light dressing. The service was excellent, sat inside but they have a nice patio that looks out on the Kierland shops. I will definitely be back.
4	I came here twice for lunch on my trip and both times I got the risoto/mushroom balls for apetizer ( I forget what it is called on the menu). This is a fried risotto ball in a red tomato sauce with parmasean cheese on it. It comes with 3 pieces but is great for splitting or just eating on your own. For my main meal I ordered the chicken pesto dish. It is really heavy to eat and they give you a decent portion size, but it is so smooth.Parking: the parking could be extremely difficult. There are parallel parking spots and normal parking spots but it is in a strip mall so could be difficult to find spots.
4	Had a great time at this place.  Wonderful food!  I had the artichoke appetizer with truffle oil.  My main dish was a fig and prosciutto pizza which was awesome.  Three champagnes, an appetizer and two main dishes for $70.  Great deal!!! Aaron was our server.
4	Nice lunch spot- dinner next time!Trendy fun afternoon atmosphere. This would be a great date night before the movies. Great service, good food! My mom & I really enjoyed the pizza! Next time we wanna try a fish dish - that looked amazing!We will be back.. I have a feeling there is many more things  we will love!
4	North has a great happy hour.!  The  Sangria is amazing,  and the pizza is delicious.  Everything is delicious  :-) We always sit at the bar and we're always given friendly efficient service.  The only complaint I have is the bar stools are  very uncomfortable.
3	Great for a casual happy hour with 1-3 others because the wine is good and the food on hh is excellent, but the service is way too inexperienced and often, I would like to believe unintentionally, rude for a pleasant dinner.
4	Everything about North is wonderful, except...after mentioning to the server that I loved the olives, I asked about buying some to take home. He said he would put some in a to-go  container.  I was charged $5.00. Not too bad until I saw only 20 olives in a medium sized container!
5	Everything was great here tonight. Good service great food with unique flavors. Saturday night entertainment on the commons was an unexpected bonus. Try the grilled artichoke appetizer and the gnocchi with braised ribs was excellent.. I'll come back.
2	Came in for a quick bite before the music at Kierland. If we didn't chose to eat outside the not so busy place was on a 45 min wait?!?! Whatever outside wasn't that bad with misters. The Dr. Pepper I ordered my 4 year old came out a diet coke. Even he knew the difference and refused to drink it so I asked for a Chocolate Milk instead. Then we were charged for the Dr.Pepper we NEVER got and a kids drink was supposed to come with his meal! He got the Crispy Chicken which was a lot of food and good. Not your typical kids chicken fingers. Unfortunately my 4 year old doesn't like rosemary so he would barely eat it. The fries were large and saturated with grease. Our Pitcher of Sangria was so full of ice it would have been cheaper to order it by the glass! When we went to fill our cups back up the second time the ice was overflowing out of the small glass onto the table and the tiny amount of liquid was left at the bottom. No bread was brought to start we had to ask for it while we ate because the bread they supply to soak up the juice of the mussels was hard like a crouton. The Mussels were alright but tasted like bitter burnt garlic (in fact we found large amounts of burnt garlic in it). We ended up leaving after our appetizer since the service and food was so bad.
3	Great atmosphere but the Happy Hour menu was very limited...probably the shortest list I have seen by far. The Sangria was all right...could be better. Bruchetta was really amazing though! Will most likely give it another chance, either for lunch or dinner next time.
2	Bleh,  so disappointed in what I considered a sure thing for a good meal.   We live in San Diego and only have one Fox Concept,  True Foods.   I love it and go any chance I get.   First,  the service was mediocre at best,  no excuse for this as the place was packed with staff.   At one point,  I counted 14 people in the kitchen area at once.  I ordered the tomato soup,  the bowl and plate were smoking hot,  so I was quite surprised to have cool soup.   I very nicely told the waitress (who was missing a personality)  and someone else brought it back saying this would be much better...... I almost want to say worse as now it was 1/2 hot and 1/2 cool,  which tells me microwave!!!!!   I ordered the spicey shrimp pasta,  the six or so tiny shrimp were very good,  the pasta was awful and had zero flavor,  so I left it and my dinner consisted of 6 or so shrimp. My husband had Spaghetti Bolioniase,  which was good.  Guess I will stick to True Foods and leave it at that.
4	Had a wonderful dinner here with the family.  I have discovered my personal favorite pasta dish here and that is the Ricotta Gnocchi.  The Gnocchi is fresh made and taste wonderful with braised short rib, horseradish crema and wilted arugula.  My wife had the Grilled Branzino and it also was an amazing dish.  If your planning on walking in for dinner try to show up early to put your name in.  Very busy place but worth the wait for amazing food!
5	My party arrived at 8:30pm on Wednesday, we sat down at the bar and we were IMMEDIATELY greeted.  Within 12 minutes we had drinks and food and with 20 minutes we had our entrees.  The service "team" could not have been more pleasant.  What a juxtaposition from Zinc Bistro, just 100 ft down the way.  Thank you North for saving our evening.
4	Great service, and wonderful food!My father, husband, and I came here for dinner after a Friday night listening to music at Kierland. We had to wait a little while, so we went back out to listen, but was quickly called to a table, only waiting about 15 minutes. Our server was very knowledgeable, helped with all my questions (I'm a question lady when it comes to meals/menus), and did it all with a big smile on her face. She joked around with us, and made us have a great time. We will be back...but only when we can afford a night out, it was more on the expensive side. But giving that it's in Kierland, its understandable. Great Fox restaurant concept!
4	The food and service were excellent.  The atmosphere very cool.  Noise level was an issue, but I should have known that having read some of the other reviews.  It is hard to have conversation once the place fills up, but then we were also so busy eating sumptuous food.
3	My 10 Year Wedding Anniversary rolls around, so I solicited suggestions from friends. I gave my husband a choice of 3 restaurants. Out of all the suggestions, he chose North Italia in Kierland. Described as Italian with an American twist, after eating there I wish they kept the American twist out.  It is very hard to give a high level overview, but I will. The menu and food are nothing to flip over. I have literally eaten much better meals at Carrabas and Maggianos up the street for a fraction of the price. What was great? The service (besides the 15 minutes it took to acknowledge us at our table in an almost empty restaurant), the drinks, and the dessert (I'll get to that later) were excellent and you could tell the meats and vegetables were the freshest of the fresh...that's about it. So now to specifics. We had the meat plate as an appetizer. It was good, nothing special. I had been to a conference the day before at a Scottsdale hotel and they had the same exact meats, cheeses, olives etc at the buffet. Of course, NI's meats and cheeses were fresher but all in all tasted the same. The meat platter at Pig & Pickle blows this one away. Next up Cesar Salad. They forgot the dressing on mine, so once I did get it....it was ok nothing special.  Now we get to the final course, I was debating with myself since the moment we got there whether to get the Spicy Shrimp pasta or the Short ribs over fresh veggies, I go with the spicy shrimp.  The ingredients looked delectable, white wine sauce, fresh shrimp, chili flakes....yummy....NOT. It didn't taste bad at all because there was NO TASTE TO IT WHAT SO EVER. I didn't want to complain so when the really nice waiter came over to ask how it was, I just said "its ok can I get some parmesan?," so I could potentially salvage this meal by drowning it with parmesan, which I never do. A few minutes later the manager came over and explained that OK was not good enough for them and insisted I get something else. I picked my second choice the braised short rib. I have to say it was really really good. You can cut it with a fork. I stop shy of saying excellent because, it tastes like my pot roast that I throw in a slow cooker for 10 hours (North Italia cooks theirs for 25 hours in a slow cooker...I asked) and then throws some au jus on it.  Tasted Great! But nothing special. Now Dessert. My husband and I are not dessert people but since it was a special day, we decided to go for it. Glad we did. We ordered a caramel salted dessert, I forgot what they call it. It is the first item on the dessert menu. It was unique, interesting, creative, and tasted great! If every other item we had was this unique and good, the entire experience would have been amazing. Bottom line-After reading this you may think I'm high maintenance. When it comes to food I am anything but. However, I have expectations. Especially when your bill comes to $200.  Unlike the other Fox Restaurant I've tried, True Foods, which is disgusting and I don't get any of the raving about it, I would give North Italia another chance. Not in the near future, because there is too many other restaurants I need to try out.
1	I was so annoyed by the fact you can reserve a table through Open Table and when we got to the restaurant they said that happens a lot, but we don't take reservations that way, sorry. WHAH? Then fix it! In this day and age, people don't need to be confused with how to get seated at the restaurant. The food was good, but come on.
5	We went on a Tuesday night and had great pizza and great service. Non stop attention by our waiter.
4	Awesome food and great service! I love most Fox Concept restaurants. They just do atmosphere and menus so well. We especially loved my spaghetti and meatballs with the added ricotta and my husband's fire-oven pizza. Yummy! Can't wait to go back.
4	I wanted a beet salad and my co-worker recommended this place since I had one of the best beet salads I have ever had at the sister restaurant, the Arrogant Butcher.  The place was packed when we arrived for lunch but we were seated promptly.  We split an order of calamari and I opted for the beet salad and we finished with the chocolate tort.The calamari was served on a bed of arugula and was delicious but I would have preferred if the breading of the calamari were a little crisp.  The lemon vinaigrette added some nice acidity to the dish and it was overall pretty tasty.The beet salad was good and had a bunch of nice elements.  There was an ample amount of golden beets which were delicious and the hazelnuts added some nice texture and the apples slices were crispy and sweet.  the ricotta cheese helped in the presentation but didn't do much in terms of overall taste of the dish.  I liked the salad, but it still was not as good as the one I had at the Arrogant Butcher.For dessert, my colleague and I shared the chocolate tort which was decadent.  Nice texture and the dessert was topped with a Nutella mousse.  There were some nuts (pecans?) that added some nice crunch as well.Our server was great - I forgot his name but he was extremely friendly and was on top of things.
3	This last visit was a bust! My anniversary, denoted when I called for reservations, no recognition. SAD. We ordered the Italian Farm salad with no onions, came with onions? Order a pasta dish with no mushrooms, came with mushrooms? They didn't do anything special for our anniversary... Very lame owners... You should really be more cognizant of the couples that help pay your bills. VERY disappointed! We will think twice about coming here again for a special occasion! Shame on you guys, you're better than that!
5	Excellent food! The pasta w Bolognese is most delish. Great happy hour. Service at times could be better.
2	Fuck this place. No bread served before the meals and the portions are TINY! Italian, by tradition, is served in generous portions, but these meals were so small that my girlfriend, her mom, and her grandma were all left ready for another helping. And it's EXPENSIVE.  For what it is.  Would NOT come back.  I almost laughed when the waitress offered dessert because I hadn't felt like I even had dinner. Headed to Wingstop now.
4	I'm always weary of pizza places in upscale parts in Scottsdale but I was taken away by the food fare options & plethora of bubbly spirits to choose from here. It's a charming street side pizza parlor which makes everything from scratch, from the marinara sauce to the mozzarella cheese. It's delicious traditional Italian food at its finest!  Bomb Deals & Best Time to Swing By                          Happy Hour Happy Hour Happy Hour*  $20 Bottle & Board includes:  Pizza of the day/bruschetta       with your choice of a bottle of wine     * I recommend the Fig & Prosciutto ** $3 Zucca Chips they're orgasmic * Salted Caramel Budino Dessert     You won't regret it Bon Appetite
4	Great little Italian bistro. Had the crispy calamari which was amazing. For lunch it was the grilled salmon and grilled cauliflower. It is good for lunch or dinner for two inside  or on the patio. The service good and so it the food, but $20 lunches are tough to swallow.
5	Wow! Great first experience. Thank you too Steve our waiter for the evening...great recommendations and outstanding service.Ordered the chefs board and bruschetta for apps the Italian farm salad and tortellini with sausage. Everything was prepared to perfection!Will be back soon
5	I can't believe how Justin, Mike and Ian helped make our "redo" evening an awesome experience. Thank you for spoiling us for the evening. I love the vibe, the staff and the food. Best mussels in Arizona! Thank you all again
4	North Italia in Scottsdale is a find. Especially on Sunday when it's Happy Hour all day.  This gem is in the Kierland Commons Center in Scottsdale and part of a chain of innovative restaurants that make up Fox Restaurant Concepts around the country.The half price wine list is a deal. The food is well seasoned without being overly salted and the portions are more then generous.  We shared a nice Caesar Salad and the Rustic style Tomato Soup was declared by my ever love'n to be second only to Bistro Jeanty's incredible preparation. That is saying a lot.  For me it was to heavy, but he loved it so like art is in the eye of the beholder so is food in the mouth of the gourmet. Himself had chicken Parm. a portion big enough for two on a bed of lovely ziti.  The pasta is made on site daily.  I had the mussels (also big enough for two) steamed in a lovely broth seasoned with spicy dry Italian sausage and lots of garlic.  A side of toasted garlicky herbaceous Parmesan bread accompanied the mussels. Our big regret, leaving town and not being able to take home the remains of the feast.  We noticed that just about everyone who dined there walked out with take home boxes.The one miss was the zucchini chips. A bit to oily and somewhat limp so not the best I have had.   The Eden Valley Chard was just fine and our waitperson Jordon was excellent.  I would recommend if you want to make a date at North in Scottsdale make a reservations and asking for her station.
5	The strozzapreti was AMAZING!  One of the best pasta dishes I've ever had.  Grilled branzino was not bad either. Soffritto on top was a little salty, but it balanced well with the fish. Would def come back!
1	Yesterday while asking a hostess for a table, a rude man cut me off and jumped in front of me. I kindly say "excuse me sir, we are being helped." When he doesn't respond I say again "excuse me?" He looks at me and says "I have this problem, when stupid people speak I don't hear them..." He then proceeded to yell at me about my "fake hair" because god forbid I have roots right now ( getting my hair done Tuesday by the way) he then proceeds to scream in my face and swear at me...I stand up for myself as other customers looked on in horror. He continues swearing and screaming in my face. Is this the restaurants fault? Certainly NOT. The way the manager handled it however is. This man should have been asked to leave after verbally assaulting me. Instead, he was given a table and I was told nothing could be done because the fight was "mutual." MUTUAL??? Are you joking? Ask any of the people who witnessed it what they thought. Other customers ran up to me to make sure I was okay. This manager defended a verbally abusive man but I guess that should be expected in Scottsdale. So I was supposed to allow someone to scream in my face while saying NOTHING!? Dear manager, do you have no woman in your life that you care about? A mother, wife, daughter, sister etc? What would you say to them in this situation?I once was a weekly visitor for their great happy hour. I will now continue to tell everyone to avoid this place. Several of my friends are now boycotting it. I have contacted Sam Fox and so far no response.P.S. After ALL this they mess up my order.....I specifically tell them no meat on my pizza since I am a vegetarian...yet I am served a pizza full off pepperoni. Glasses of water sat empty for 30 minutes and service was terrible.
3	I was very pleased to hear from the company and that they were willing to take what I had to say to heart. I likely will not be returning there but I do appreciate the effort that was made after the fact.
5	We stopped here for a Friday night date night. It was our first visit and we'll definitely return! The food, the service, affordability and ambience are all excellent! On our "keeper" list for sure!
4	Great chicken and pasta dish.  Excellent service.  Loved sitting on the patio.  All Fox Restaurants are great.
3	Fancy Italian place. The pizza was good but not amazing. The salad was good and they even split it for us. Unfortunately, the split was not even and one plate got all the goodies and the other plate got mostly just greens. Good beer selection. The service was fine. There was an issue with our order- well over 45 minute wait- so we got free drinks. They were very apologetic. We sat outside which was lovely. The inside was a bit noisy. I had the spaghetti bolognese and was very pleased. Great pasta and delicious sauce. Of course its worth going to just for the dessert, especially the salted carmel budino. Wow.
5	Environment is classic Fox Concepts.  Beautiful evening with the Christmas lights and decorations up. Fresh pasta,  vegetables, soups...have to try the fig prosciutto pizza.
4	Good pizza and friendly staff. The patio has a nice ambiance that isn't as mall like as you might think. The crowd lacks some of the diversity in age and culture that I like.
5	Enjoyed an awesome lunch. Gluten free pesto pasta dish with gluten free salted caramel dessert. Everything was excellent. This place has been around a while and I was here when it opened. These guys have stepped it up big time. It's better than ever. Highly recommended.
5	Dined at North last week for a business dinner.  I don't eat out frequently due to dietary restrictions (gluten/dairy/refined sugar free). The kitchen at North was very accommodating and our waitress was highly knowledgeable about the menu items and provided excellent suggestions. I left very satisfied and beyond impressed.
5	Best spaghetti and meatballs I've every had. My spouse and I have been back several times.
5	What a treat.   This was a tasty meal I had chicken pesto and with the first bit realized it was going to be good.  The place was full. A little wait but had some extra bread while waiting.   The meal was filling and delicious with fresh being how I would describe it.  I would go back and my cousin had been before and obviously others knew about it by word of mouth.   Try it.
3	Have been going here for years and always enjoy food and atmosphere. Recent trip was a bit disappointing for two reasons: first, we were seated at Bar North because the restaurant was full (holiday season), which was not that bad, but lacked the ambiance of the main dining area. My friend ordered the vintage beet salad and said it was wonderful. I ordered the calamari, then we shared  the margherita pizza. The pizza was great. The reason I did not give five stars is the calamari was overcooked, shriveled and crunchy. Normally, when you order this dish, it is very refreshing and flavorful, lightly fried calamari served on a bed of arugula with lemon juice - yummy. I was really looking forward to it, but it was mediocre last time.
5	We go here twice a month and love it every time. I haven't had anything that was bad. The home made pasta is amazing. The budino is also a top choice!
5	This is probably my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  Ingredients are fresh, service is friendly and efficient, and nothing beats sipping a glass of wine on their patio after a long day of shopping.  The salads are always a good bet, as are the pizzas.  Also, make sure you get the focaccia and sundried tomato butter--delish!
3	Don't bother, too many other good restaurants in the area.Don't let the hostess holding the door for you fool you, they need to get a clue.Service was nice ( although forgot one entree) . Food was pretty good . I thought the Artichoke w truffle oil would be better & wouldn't order again. Pizza was good but not enough to go back for.Calamari is more a salad so would pass on that in the future. The Italian salad was awesome though! Server recommended and was a great call, a non overwhelming antipasto style salad that allowed you to enjoy every bite.  We waited over 30 min after our reservation to be sat, which is ok it happens , but a hostess really needs to treat you nice in that situation and not forget you and then not seat you in a bad table in the corner outside... When we asked to sit at an open table inside we were told that it was for a reservation & watched people that arrived after us with a later reso time get sat there ... The hostesses  need to put their tablets down. I do now realize how important a hostess is & will pre tip them at any and all times I go out to dinner. Ohhh get the bache drink , my wife really enjoyed it ( was a little st Germain in it that made it great) Sorry to be negative , but wouldn't bother going back .
3	Owner has reached out to me about our last visit . After being in biz for 13 years shows they still care , which is great to see . I would give them another shot as I was excited about their homemade pastas.
