5	Think the year 1920 2019 yeah it's going to be an amazing experience brought to you by the same guys from the Show Absinthe...just another swag outfit for Cosmopolitan amazing things will happen here. Spirit forward no other experience like this one.  Shows unfold through out the evening global food and cocktails like no other in this part of the World. Come and go as you please "No Rules"
5	5 Stars for the intimate Study Bar Alone... the best craft cocktails in Vegas!...yes that's a bold statement...Still, the rest of RRL is on point as well!rose. rabbit. lie. is the latest happening at The Cosmopolitan.It is billed as a "rebirth of the social club" and a "grand social experiment."  so, there you go...I'm sure that explains it perfectly.  Essentially what they have done is broken down the walls (some of them anyway) between typically separate venues like a restaurant, club, cocktail bar, and a live entertainment theater and brought them together in one spot.  The club doesn't start until after the last show, the restaurant is semipermeably divided from the entertainment, but the interplay creates a unique experience for sure.  There are several bars in the space as well--including one sensational place for quintessential cocktails...The Study...The Study...  This niche bar is a small secluded treasure inside of rose. rabbit. lie.  They offer well-crafted, often boozy, but always balanced cocktails.  The Study serves up many classically inspired drinks as well as offering several modern variations.  The staff is staff here is elite and will work off the menu to delightful results as well.  The drinks start around $16 and are worth the price.Nocturne is the show at RRL.  It is a whimsical interplay of circus acts...wait...or is it side show acts?...you'll have to find your way into the Cloak Room to know for show.  The shows are different at each time slot, but similar in concept.  I found the 8pm & 10pm shows to playfully fun and amusingly cheesy.  The individual acts range from tap dancers to contortionist; tight wire to burlesque; balance acts to aerial ropes.  In the same way that Coldplay is Radiohead Light, Nocturne is Absinthe Light.  Great in it's own right, but falling short to purists of the original.
3	Saw the show tonight with Max. For me, it was like watching a tamer version of Absinthe. Max was truly impressed and enjoyed this show a great deal in which I think most tourists would have similar reactions. I have to be honest here, because I found myself a little bored throughout some of the acts. My favorite acts were the opening beam-balancing girl and the water bathtub with that smoking hot acrobat guy. So I guess there are good moments.I think it's a good show to see just once. The drinks here are expensive but that is a given.
4	The acts were great...the type of stuff that you would find making it onto the further rounds of America's Got Talent altogether in one show...with a good variety...good character cast and some stuff I've never seen before. Paid $23 (tip included) for a mojito in a thin glass. It was a good mojito and if I wasn't a local but just here on vacation I wouldn't mind, but being a local, I think of all the food that could buy. =pOverall the entertainment exceeded my expectations, I wasn't sure what to expect.
5	I had a great night at Rose. Rabbit. Lie.  We went to the 8 pm show.  It was an artsy version of Absinthe.  It had a nice mix of acrobatics, humor and oddball comedy.  It is better than Absinthe in the following ways: 1) The seats fit my fat ass.  I felt like I was being tortured squeezing in those Absinthe seats; 2) You can get up and go to one of two bars at the show venue any time you like.  Skoll!; 3) The decor makes you feel like you are at a high class joint whereas Absinthe makes you feel like you are at an Eastern European circus.  The same people produce both shows btw.We then headed to find grub.  It was a bit confusing.  Since you can eat in any one of the 4 other rooms, we didn't know where to head after the show.  With some consultation, we were lead back to the front of the house to see the hostess.  They were very cordial and sat us next to the stage in one of the rooms.  There were many small acts that happened everywhere all the time: on top of the piano, on the bar, at our table, in all the rooms.  You really get your bang for the buck when it comes to entertainment.  Not a dull moment in sight.  There was a definite cabaret feel in the air.  The decor is Cosmopolitan  modern.  Fits right in with the hotel.  I can see a lot of repeat value here.  You can try out the different dining room/bars.  They all are meant to have a different vibe.  You can just come for the show.  You can just come to have dinner.  You can just come and have cocktails.  You can go to the nightclub.  You gotta be impressed with a menu that is wax sealed.  It means you get a different menu every night, no?  Our nice waiter, Patrick, gave us all the menus as souvenirs.  We ordered the heavenly egg with truffles.  It was a very small portion but tasty.  I ordered the lobster and was disappointed because it was way too salty.  The flatbread was tasty.  It reminded me of the pizza with the egg on it from Due Forni.  The desserts were outstanding.  I haven't seen Oeufs a la neige on a menu since I was little.  That dessert was light and airy and not too sweet.  The Pine Nut Mousse was delicious and inventive.  That red beet meringue seems molecular gastronomy freeze dried to me.  Went really well with the poached pear's sweetness.  The Mousse is not what you'd expect.  It is more like a sponge with gingerbread crumbs on the bottom.  The chocolate pudding looked like an egg in a nest.  The caramel ice cream is the egg.  The nest is dehydrated chocolate mousse.  So fun to eat.  We also got extra desserts that were visual and tasty feasts.I have to add a note about the flat wear and service pieces because I love restaurants that work on the little things.  Love the little rabbit fork holders, the printed patterns on the silverwear, the french press set, the cups etc.  It all just fits the Cosmo's flair.  We felt very pampered and had fun.  Will be back for opening night.
2	Rich people must be so fecking bored to throw money at a stunt like this.  If the individual acts weren't so talented, I would have given it one star.  It felt like an episode of SNL's Stefon listing off dumb shit that eccentric millionaire weirdos need to get an erection anymore.In a town where you can see a hundred variety acts on the Strip, this was on par with the quality of performers ... at double the price tag.  I love the Cosmo scene, I love weirdos, and I haaated this show.  C'est la vie!
5	Our night at RRL was outstanding.  We celebrated my husband's 40th birthday and it was the perfect choice.  We had a great meal that was a bit pricey for the amount of food, so don't go here if you want to stuff yourself.  But the small portions were delicious and different.  The service was friendly and easygoing.  And the show was as unique and fun as I hoped...even more so.  I have never been to a place like this, and it made for the best possible celebration.  Cool lasers too once the DJ starts.  Super cool lasers.
5	HOLY SH*T, OMG!!!  AMAZING!  Super Awesome!  Can't stop thinking about it!  Such an EPIC, crazy, fun show!  A must see!  The crew are just super nice, the service outstanding and the show (s) are Extraordinary!  I was at work today, in an executive meeting, all I can think of was how amazing this place is.  Love it, a must see and really, I'm not over exaggerating.
5	Must come here for the experience.. This place has everything you need for a good night out, either solo, on a date, with friends, or a group.. From dinner & show, to bar, show, and nightclub. There are 3 different show times. 8, 10pm and 12am. After the last show it transforms into a nightlife experience. The mixology drinks were pretty incredible. Being a solid tequila drinker and usually just sticking to shots, I requested that the bartender "create" something magical and unique for my taste. I believe it was tequila, ginger beer, and something else with a lemon peel garnish. Simply perfection! The performers won me over with their acrobatics, precise dance moves, and amazing talent. A show to see for sure. I have high hopes for this place and hope it does well and continues to spread the word among people. Cosmopolitan needed a venue like this.
4	This place is like Burning Man...with foie gras!First caveat: I was heavily medicated on the occasion of my visit to this far-out "social experiment". Maybe that's why I had such a great time...or maybe the place is just cool on its own. All I know for sure is that I was suspended in a wonderfully floaty state of confusion the entire evening, as I was led through a maze of sumptuously decorated rooms full of weird performers doing weird shit, plying me with fabulously sumptuous drinks and dishes. I felt like Alice in Tsarist-era Wonderland, as if at any moment Josephine Baker would pop out of a Victrola and offer me a magic banana with a tag reading "EAT ME." Magnifique!Second caveat: I could never afford going here myself, but a visiting liberal-elitist New York journalist pal invited me to accompany him on a sort of VIP PR tour. We were heavily schmoozed by PR people...but PR snowjob or not, this place is super fucking cool! It's the same vibe as Absinthe - creepy vintage cabaret, with Hieronymous Bosch murals and old telephones and freaky performers being artsy in every corner as you sip craft cocktails and eat "updated" versions of classic, old-school Vegas fare like rack of lamb and beef Wellington. Three times a night, they put on an actual show with acrobats and shit, but you have to buy special tickets for that in addition to dinner and drinks. And then after the last show -- excuse me, "canto"-- the showroom turns into a nightclub...and you can par-taaaay late into the night, if that's your bag.Since my friend was being schmoozed, it was seen to that our experience was exceptionally fabulous, and to that end we were hosted by a smart young hipster-type in a velveteen jacket and Morrissey glasses, with the most astonishingly earnest stream of P.R.B.S. flowing effortlessly from his mouth all night long. I don't mean to make him sound insincere -- he was amazing in that he was totally earnest about every adjective he used. Words like "mixologist," "craft bitters" and "ice chef" rolled effortlessly and completely irony-free off his gilded tongue, and with every word he spoke I found myself more and more spellbound by his surreal gravitas. Plus, he had the most amazing vocabulary of anyone I've ever met!Now, it's true that Rose.Rabbit.Lie. is pretentious to a fault -- but somehow, that's part of its charm. As mentioned, it's not for the feint of wallet-- those fabulous craft cocktails will set you back $16 or more apiece...but astonishingly, it's worth it! They were some of the best drinks I've ever tasted -- and I've tasted 'em all! I supposed it helps that they're heavy into bitters, and use my all-time favorite spirit Campari liberally (I had a cocktail containing Campari jelly...!!!)...but drinks aside, the ambiance and atmosphere alone are totally worth ponying up the cash for (you're subsidizing a huge and very attentive staff). The experience really is that fabulous -- the aforementioned ice chef is responsible for carving giant chunks of ice into various shapes, like diamonds (!!!), that sparkle in your cocktail like a Liz Taylor-Richard Burton quaalude-fueled sex-a-thon.After drinks in the fabulously-appointed "study," we went onto dinner in the dining room. Our gracious host ordered a huge feast of just about one of everything, and it was truly exceptional in the details --- the menus are sealed and stamped with wax, plus there are all manner of weird 1%er tableware accouterments like animal-shaped silverware-rests, filigreed forks and swan-shaped pewter sea-salt dishes with tiny spoons. After stuffing ourselves with foie gras, caviar, lobster and champagne, we retired to the showroom to watch the last of the three nightly "cantos" of Vegas Nocturne -- basically, an Absinthe-style sort of burlesque circus about an hour long, after which the showroom turned into a nightclub, and a Sexy Lady DJ came out and played club music while everyone danced. Maybe I'm just jaded, but I found the whole showroom component of the evening boring. The show itself was nothing you can't see elsewhere, and I just felt it wasn't cool/creative/freaky enough to live up to the rest of the place.If/when I return to Rose.Rabbit.Lie., I plan to dress to the nines and spend the whole night boozing in the Study, with maybe a few small bites here and there to soak up all that Campari. Our host mentioned something about an old-fashioned record player in there, with free-for-all records, so I think it would be much more fun to just get genteelly sloshed while doing the Charleston to Al Jolson or some such, late into the wee hours. Pre-gaming with my medication was great, and psychedelics would also greatly enhance the experience...if one were so inclined. Overall, as pretentious and expensive as it is, I am compelled to wholeheartedly recommend Rose.Rabbit.Lie. as one of my favorite new places to party -- I've already made plans, in fact, to come back with some friends next month! See you there!!
5	There's nothing else like this in Las Vegas and you should go now because who knows if they'll be able to sustain the air of coolness (hope!) it has once everyone knows.  If you combined the whole craft cocktail scene that's emerged in the last few years, off kilter shows like "Absinthe", the lurking human oddity stuff that's popped up at some club spots and the fucking jadedness to the $3k bottle service/fist pump crowd, Rose.Rabbit.Lie is like a culmination of all of this and seems so right for right now.  It's really refreshing!  There was also this whole underlying "Eyes Wide Shut" feel to the whole thing in a good way.   Thanks to Edwin P, my wife and I were able see the 8pm show of "Vegas Nocturne".  I won't go into any details of the show but I thought it was terrific.  This is what I imagine vaudeville shows were like but with some added modern nuances.  If you liked Absinthe, you will like this.    We hung out for a while in their "music room" which was fantastic.  I am not sure what genre to technically call the band but it was like an old school New Orleans band with horns playing modern hits.  One of the funniest performers in "Vegas Nocturne" belted out a psycho version of "Blurred Lines" that had everyone on their feet.  There were some really unique performers after her too.  I had a chance to look at the dinner menu which looked great.  We definitely plan on doing that soon.  Caviar tacos, foie gras, steak and some really interesting dishes I fail to remember due to the cocktails.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Had an amazing up evening. Mark twain was there. We wore headphones like crowns and the DJ ruled the night. More words can't express the satisfaction I felt from start to finish.
5	If you have seen Absinthe at Caesars Palace, then you might find yourself in a comparison battle with these two shows. Of course they are created by the same people. I would say that Rose.Rabbit.Lie is not a "risque" as Absinthe (lack of nudity) but the atmosphere and sheer raw talent of the musicians and performers was highly impressive. I especially enjoyed the bar area before you go into the showroom. There was a live band, and all of the stage performers were mingling among us regular folk. The drink menu was impressive with drinks that only true mixologist can create, but the $16 per drink price was on the steep side for the amount of drink I received. The taste however was phenomenal! The show runs about 2 hours long and it does start off rather slow. The first act does have a bit of intensity and pressure that put me in a place of wonder as to how the hell these people find out that they possess these skills and talents. Overall, the experience was well worth it and I thoroughly enjoyed it from start to finish.
5	Great food! Great show! Very different, worth seeing, hard to describe other than there is nothing in Vegas like it. Very classy yet alot if fun. Different rooms for a different experience, you never know what to expect.
5	One of the best Vegas shows I've seen!It's a very small and intimate setting with no bad seats in the house.  When you enter through the doors it feels like you are a part of the show.I wont give too many details but it's a great modern variety show that's very funny, entertaining, and stretches some boundaries.  Some of my favorites are the opening act where the women balances about 20 3-5 foot sticks.  Other favorite acts included the crazy tennis guy who fit his body through 2 tennis rackets.   Tons more.  The music was great.The only knock is with the extremely high price of drinks.  We ordered 2 soda waters with lime and it was $15.  However, the show made up for it.   I havent seen Absinthe but cant wait to go see it.  You can also take pics and videos as long as you don't use flash.
5	Amazing food. Different price ranges to meet all budgets. The late night show was funny and attention grabbing. Definitely  entertaining.
4	Really cool venue!Ed Sullivan must be turning over in his grave!  (With apologies to all the young whippersnapper Yelpers who never heard of him).  Because Rose. Rabbit. Lie. is Ed Sullivan on crack.  And that is a compliment.Our last-minute comp tix for the show were the icing on the cake for our pre-planned Cheap Date Night at the Cosmopolitan.  With a BOGO for Wicked Spoon and $25 each in free slot play in hand (thanks Cosmo and United Airlines!), we jumped at the chance to combine all three, and we chose the 10 pm show.  That gave us plenty of time to stuff our faces and stretch out those elastic-waist pants before heading off to the coolly strange show venue.  But alas, we were not disposed to sample the culinary offerings or the overpriced cocktails on this night.As others have mentioned, if you loved Absinthe, you will love this lower-altitude variety cousin (due to the lower ceilings) - silly, kinky, funny, sexy, bizarre - performed by some very talented performers.It wasn't until we were leaving and noticed another line forming that we learned that they put on three shows a night.  How do they do that?  By varying the acts.  Flying pingpong balls, Piff the Magic Dragon and his cute and docile (medicated?) chihuahua, a cute and comical striptease, a Chinese couple balancing and tossing plastic thingumabobs are among the acts we saw.  But past performance may not be indicative of future results.  We didn't love all of them.  Just most of them.  And did I mention that the venue itself is worth the price of admission??All in all, a fun hour and a half
5	Two words for this show and overall venue: ENTERTAININGLY WEIRD!Saw this 10 pm show on a Thursday night with 3 other Yelp friends of mine. Might as well have been 3 in the morning on a Sunday night because what I witnessed was bizarre and a bit abstract. When you enter this venue, it is literally a whole other dimension, like you were high on some kind of drug. The way the place is set up makes you think the interior designer did not know what they were doing, but once you get settled and have a better feel only than you will understand why this place was designed this way.As we were ushered to our seats, the first thing I noticed was that show area itself was a bit intimate, like the stage was purposely built for all of us like we were close friends or something. It's not your typical stage show area for we were surrounded by a bar/lounge/restaurant type atmosphere all rolled into one.Now, as for the show itself, bravo! What you get is pretty much nonstop action of different performers doing things that you might have never witnessed anywhere else. With character names like Captain Frodo and Piff, the Magic Dragon, you get a variety of entertainment that I can only describe as "Unexpected" not to mention some nudity and what adult show could use a little bit of T and A?I will definitely would not mind watching this again for I was told not every show is quite the same. More nudity perhaps? LOL. Anyways, for those that are thinking of watching this show, you will definitely get your money's worth! Enjoy!Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #13
5	Love love love love love. Im an avid night life goer and I can tell you from the moment I walked in it immediately became one of my favorite spots in Vegas. My friends and I came and got a table and bottle service for the night last weekend and I can say the service was exceptional. Everything from the periodic shows and skits, which turns right into a raging nightclub and dancefloor. This is a must see if you're on the strip and looking to have a great time.
5	This was an incredible and unique dining experience. When we walked in, I was automatically intrigued. We walked into a hexagon (or some shape) room with doors all around. The hostess led us to the music room (there's the main, music, and study room). The music room was amazing, as we saw a live band and live entertainment that appeared from the show that was going on next door. The food was to die for. There wasn't a single item that we didn't enjoy...we even ordered doubles of items! The duck confit pasta, crab pasta, short rib stroganoff, caviar tacos, heavenly eggs, braised pork, vegetable confit and more, were just mini explosions of flavor in our mouths. The desserts were a definite highlight. We had the truffle sundae ($35), the chocolate terrarium ($35)...this was an epic presentation, and cookie jar...another epic presentation. The somlier was helpful with our wine choice and the cocktails were amazing. The service, even down to the details on the silverware, were impeccable. We were fortunate enough to get in prior to their official grand opening tomorrow. A once in a lifetime experience that will definitely draw us back!!!
5	Ho.... lee...... shittttt!!!!!This place is what's been missing from my life..... my 15-plus years of hitting Vegas.... all of it was building up to the moment I walked into Rose Rabbit Lie.I came through the dining room... which was connected to the bar..... which was connected to some backstage lounge... which was connected to the club/stage area. This place is like a living movie/theater/reality set. I've never seen anything like it. The variety show itself was outstanding, from beat-boxing, to dancers, to singers, to comedy, to....... that weird gender-bender dream we've all had but will NEVER admit (yes... we've ALL had it... at least once).I never thought I'd ever say I'd love a club..... but this is no club... this is.... a living stage, complete with wet dream.Take it from a world traveler/diner/drinker/Casanova...... you haven't seen.... no... experienced (and not just from a seat) entertainment... until you've done ALL at Rose Rabbit Lie.Thumbs and Big Toes UP!!!
5	While it's expensive and far from flawless, Rose. Rabbit. Lie. is the most unique venue I've ever been to. I can see people having a love/hate relationship here, but trust me, it's worth going just to find out which camp you belong to. As mentioned earlier, drink prices are absurd. $16 a drink, including beers. Yes, I bought my friend a $16 Stella. Gross. However, this isn't just a bar. There are a ton of roaming entertainers, including a a piano player, an 8-bit band(?), a burlesque dancer, tap dancers, magicians, a beatboxer, aerialists, etc. performing every 15 min or so. So you're paying for an overall experience, which is cool. I spoke to some diners about the performances and they all said they were welcome distractions and didn't take anything away from the meal. So there's that...Take some time to explore the different rooms and all of their features. You'll find little quirky things all over the place. At midnight the venue opens up and there's a small show with many of the roaming performers. In the end, I dropped $100 on drinks, but was entertained thoroughly for 2.5 hours. Sure, that $$ could've bought a Cirque tik, but this is a totally different experience.  Full disclosure: I didn't eat a thing nor did I see a ticketed performance (midnight show only).
5	Rose. Rabbit. Lie is spectacular!  Thank you to the inspired minds to recognize that it was time to think of something special. This concept could hold its own anywhere in the world but it is right where it should be!  For anyone looking to dare to truly enjoy the night this is the only place to go. For someone looking for an unforgettable dining experience with a staff that is friendly, funny and a true attention to detail Rose. Rabbit. Lie will exceed your expectations. If you are looking to experience a cocktail that is worth remembering Rose. Rabbit. Lie takes it to a place that is not only outside the box, they built a new box!  From the true professionals behind the multiple bars, to the custom glassware ( that spin!) and hand carved ice, it is in a class of its own!  Now for the entertainment. Vegas Nocturne is anything but run of the mill. There are 3 distinct "Cantos" that unfold as the night evolves. Each one is unique and moments from each canto can happen anywhere inside Rose. Rabbit. Lie. It is awe inspiring, unique and cool!Thank You Rose. Rabbit. Lie for changing the game!  Many places claim to have something for everyone. Rose. Rabbit. Lie is the only place that does. You are one of a kind and that is something that takes so many things to come together it is flummoxing if one was to sit down and really think about it!
5	Rose Rabbit Lie is like no venue you've been to in Vegas. Yes... it is another venue on the strip that offers the typical "bottle service" but you can't come with preconceived notions based off of what you have experienced in Vegas. Rose Rabbit Lie is a club, a live theater, a restaurant, and a speakeasy ...AT THE SAME DAMN TIME.Secret rooms... mysterious doors... roaming performers...great eats...and the best cocktails in town. RRL might sound like too much going on when you hear about it but everything will make sense once you experience it for yourself. The venue has ticketed shows playing at 8pm, 10pm and 12pm. After these shows are over walls will open up and the room turns into a dance club with a DJ. This is probably when you start drinking and taking down shots. I can't remember the last time that I was out past midnight just because I wanted to be. I arrived in time to make most of the last show and try some of their food menu. The show was entertaining but very strange, definitely memorable. I would go into details but I wouldn't want to spoil it for anyone. As for the food, I tried the rabbit fricassee, steak frites, and bone marrow. They were all pretty good but pricey for tapas, but that should be expected when dining in the Cosmo. I chose to not start drinking until after the show because I wanted to see the venue sober...( my tolerance is ridiculously bad). We luckily got a tour of the place and was able to see every room.TIP: If you see a door and it doesn't look like a kitchen or staff service well, go through it. It probably leads to another room. My favorite room by far has to the speakeasy/study in the back which is small and intimate but lively. They have a couple shelves of old school classic records that you can pick through and play on their record player which is fun. My friends had a great time going through them, reminiscing the good old days when they were ...well my age.There is an exit door into the casino from this room which makes leaving the maze stress-free. WARNING: Their drinks hit hard. Expect their signature cocktails to blow your mind. These drinks were delicious! Probably some of the best cocktails I've ever had. They serve their signature cocktails in martini glasses but most of their drinks are served in heavy spinning cups with a single large block of ice. Pretty neat and very fun especially when you're intoxicated...that or I'm just easily amused. I recommend everyone to come experience Rose.Rabbit.Lie. They definitely changed the game and brought something new and refreshing to the Vegas strip.Parking tip: Park in the westside garage or valet.
5	Rose.Rabbit.Lie is another amazing venue at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas! It exceeded every expectation I had and our server Patrick went out of his way to make our dining experience extra special! I have lived in Vegas for 4 year now but there are not many places I frequent but this will definitely be a new favorite of mine to try to go to at least 1-2 times a month to either enjoy a show, dinner or their nightlife! Thanks again Rose.Rabbit.Lie I hope to see you again very soon!!!
5	Definitely the social experiment it claims to be.Like a sequel to Alice and Wonderland we entered into a rabbit hole entrance with seven or eight differnt doors leading to undisclosed locations. We went into one of the bars and grabbed a drink. All of a sudden secret panels opened up revealing a back stage dining room with two ladies diving in and out of a huge martini glass filled with water. After the secret panels went back into place a band started to play and a secret suitcase was placed on top of the piano, it started to move and dance about. Then time for the show.Full of suprises,extreme talent and adult humor the show mimics the style of Absinthe but in a more personal, intimate setting. There are three showings per night and each one is supposed to be different. We saw the one at 10pm and we will definitely go back and highly recommend it.
4	I'm going to start with 4 stars based on my night in the Rose.Rabbit.Lie study. I did not eat, nor did I see the show. I had read the vague descriptions of this place before I headed to Vegas in January but it was almost too mysterious to sway me from my usual cocktail haunts. If it were not for two trusted sources, Max Solano of Delmonico and JR Starkus from Southern Spirits I probably would have passed. I am glad I decided to go.I am going clear up something that I was confused about before I went. You CAN go to this club without buying a ticket for the show.I had already made a couple of stops the night I ended up in The Study and was feeling pretty good. I was told to ask for June and indeed she was working and when I say working I mean WORKING. This young lady was mixing three and four different craft cocktails at the same time without missing a beat. Her focus was intense and she is obviously into her craft.I sat and watched her make a few cocktails as I perused the menu, deciding what to order. The cocktail menu is pretty diverse with some very unique options. I chose to let June pick my drink. I picked gin as my spirit to which she queried "boozy or light?". I chose boozy. I got what I asked for. I chose poorly. I needed something light. I drank the booze heavy cocktail while chatting with the hipsters on either side of me and we took turns picking records off the book shelf to play on the turntable.After finishing the first cocktail, which was hard to discern much flavor from, I asked June for something along the same flavor profile but with less booze. I chose wisely. This was a great cocktail. Nothing too fancy but well balanced and a safe pick for June as we didn't know each other that well. For my third cocktail I left it up to June. I asked her to make me something she was proud of that was hers. She came back with what  she called "Heavens to Budapest". While I can tell you that all the ingredients in the cocktail came from Hungary, due to my state at the time of consumption, the only ingredient I can be sure of is the paprika dusting on top. I remember this distinctly because it made the cocktail. I would take a sip without inhaling and it was just a mediocre drink at best, but by allowing the aromatic paprika do it's job it changed the profile of the drink completely.Heavens to Budapest is not just a cocktail, it's an experience. It makes you stop and think and really appreciate the art of the cocktail. It's dark and mysterious and romantic and dangerous and I wanted to hop an ornately decorated two horse carriage and ride treacherous trails in the Hungarian Mountains wearing a fur hat and a sash while fending off bandits with my sword and revolver and then make love to a gypsy princess. I loved this cocktail. I know I loved it because when I woke up the next day at 5:30 pm it was the first thing I thought about.So fur hats off to you June! And hats off to The Study at Rose. Rabbit. Lie. If you are a cocktail enthusiast this is a must do.
4	What an amazing experience!  The atmosphere reminded me of the Las Vegas I could not wait to turn 21 for.  People dressed really classy and the service by all matched that class.  The only reason I did  not give a 5th star, is the price of drinks is over the top...however, I realize it covers all the wonderful quirky entertainment throughout the night!  We spent from 8p.m. until 1:00a.m. and I cannot wait to go back.  We stayed for the midnight show, worth every penny of only $40.00.  However, we were lucky enough to be invited to the intimate free shows throughout the night as well, which were top notch.  The spontaneity of it all was perfect for my sister and I.  However, I can see this being a very romantic evening out with that special someone or perfect night for singles gathering together for some fun!  It has literally everything from food, beverages, entertainment and then it even becomes a night club!  The best venue in Vegas in my opinion.
4	Excellent performance but not sure it's worth the price of admission for the show for a local or someone on any kind of budget. Luckily I had free tickets and got to experience the fun and highly entertaining Vegas Nocturne performance.Pros:- Very cool venue- Entertaining show- Intimate vibeCons:- Pricey, pricey, pricey- Location is Cosmo is horrible... so far away from everythingFood, drinks and the show tickets are so expensive that I wonder how they will maintain. I wish them the best and hope they will continue to entertain. Many of these style venues are not successful in Vegas as they are more geared towards a NYC or SF type crowd of people with money that enjoy the off the wall theater. Tourists, especially the younger crowd, will have a hard time dropping that kind of money for this type of venue.
4	Location: Cosmopolitan= high expectations for me since this is my favorite hotel on the strip. Inside the Cosmo, I have to say it is a bit difficult to find but as long as you look for directions to the Wicked Spoon, it's right next door. While waiting to go inside, I noticed many people go up to the bouncers and ask if it was the Wicked Spoon, it was kind of funny actually because the bouncers showed them it's right next to it without having an annoyed look on their face. I can't imagine how many times they are asked that question, because the entrances are really too close together. From the outside you have no idea what to expect. There are big doors that you can't see in and get a peek what is happening inside. I have to say, I wouldn't know it is a restaurant inside if I did not read the reviews. It's not a restaurant in which you can walk up, see the menu posted, and see the seating from the from of it and ask the hostess to seat you. Later on I spoke with the manager and he told me you need reservations normally. It is not very "inviting" from the outside, so I am assuming they don't get many people just walking by wanting to come in, since you really can't tell what's behind the closed doors, giving it some mystery. There were about 8-10 hosts/guards standing outside and letting people in, making it feel exclusive to gain entry. When we walked through the doors, there was a room almost like a rotunda with more rooms with closed doors. We were led to the theater room. I was impressed when I entered. I liked the music, the small venue, the dim lights and there are 2 bars on each side of the round stage and seating area. The drinks were free but to me, very watered down taste and nothing special. I am hoping that the drinks everyone raves about in the other reviews are much better, because they are paying top dollar for those drinks. Since mine were free, I could not complain much. We get seated and the show starts, first with some comedy which I found offensive at times and just not funny at all. The acts, most were pretty entertaining and kept my interest. The contortionist (disturbing), dragon guy (annoying and not funny) his dog was the cutest part but it was also really sad as the dog was shaking and scared. The tightrope walker, walked and jumped, nothing amazing. The acts I did enjoy were the balancing act, hottie in the bathtub, fire girl, wine glass music, and the others. I don't think the acts amazed me, but it kept my interest to wonder what was next. Comedy -1 starVenue/Concept/Intimate vibe/connecting rooms- 5 starsI think if I had paid for the tickets, I am not sure it's worth the price I saw on their website. I am curious to try the restaurant even though it looks really pricey and supposedly the acts that are on the stage, those people wander throughout the bar/restaurant and do a little "scene" from whatever they did on the stage. I wonder if this is seen from the restaurant room or only the VIP area with the couches/restaurant area? I am curious about that. As I walked around, I loved the idea of different rooms and found them to be quite unique.  I did see the people who were up on the stage socializing after in the bar area. I am not sure if this is how it usually is or because it was the grand opening night. I am now interested in seeing Absinthe.I also have to note that every employee I encountered there was very friendly and nice!!!
4	You walk in its a little confusing. There are different doors to different rooms. We ended up in the music room and sat at the bar. Matt, our bartender, explained the whole space and stated it was set up as a "Mansion" . Each room represents a different theme. There is the Pool room, the Ballroom, The Study and one more room (I think). The drinks are different and pretty strong! The experience has been great even with the live entertainment which floats through each room.Definitely will be back!
3	Chaos. Controlled and uncontrolled. Planned and unplanned. Bearable and unbearable.We originally had midnight tickets to Vegas Nocturne (which should - and maybe does? - have its own Yelp page as it's a separate ticketed show within the Cosmo's Rose.Rabbit.Lie "social experiment.") Part of me wants to give the entire restaurant, craft cocktail bar, show and experience 3 stars but then part of me feels guilty doing so - like I'm viewing it all wrong or with a too-critical eye. **Edit, I realized as writing this that the experience WAS worth 3 stars instead of 4. We walked in at 7:30 p.m. for our 8 p.m tickets to a ROARING main bar. I'm talking... you couldn't move roaring. We were never told we could explore any of the various other doors/saloons/sections, but instead were heralded in like shocked sheep. A five-piece jazz band played Top 40 covers, a woman sang on top of the bar, the contortionist (from the show, later on) tried to join her, only to fall off the bar in what I can presume was NOT planned. Then, suddenly, we were being told to take our seats for the show. We barely had time to buy our drinks. We sloshed between diners, drinkers and performers... trying not to bump into someone's $1,000 bottle of champagne or bite of caviar... and moved into the 'main stage' area and took our seats. The show itself was...... good. But "the best Vegas has to offer?" I'm not sure.You see, two nights in a row Le Reve at the Wynn was cancelled while we were in Vegas due to a technical difficulty. I have seen that show once before and was slack-jawed in awe the entire production.  We traded our midnight "Vegas Nocturne" tickets (and by 'traded' I mean, got our measly $30 back and paid $130+ each for the 8 p.m. show) and were prepared to be wowed. Yes, it had me on edge a few times, but mostly, it's a variety show with a cast of characters that sometimes meld together, sometimes don't. When the show was over, we were ushered out and not told that we could hang around and see the various rooms (disappointed we missed those.) Overall, you're paying Cosmopolitan prices for a 3-star show. Then again, your'e in Vegas, where everything is outrageously priced. Did we get what we paid for? I'm really not sure..... I would have preferred to see the 7 p.m. Le Reve followed by the midnight Nocturne, but it is what it is. Had the chaos during our entrance been less severe and had we had the chance to see the other rooms of Rose.Rabbit.Lie, I'd probably give 4 stars. Just be prepared to fight the crowd, pay $22 for two Stellas (or, $40+ for two craft cocktails) and see a show that's not quite living up to the hype. See the midnight version and dance afterward, that's probably your best bang for the buck.
3	We bought tickets for the 12am show for $30 not really knowing what we were getting ourselves into. So the 10:30 show costs $130 for the two hour show. The $30 show is for the last thirty minutes of the 10:30 show. What we did see of the show was great, there were acrobats, singers, and dancers. Very entertaining. The drinks were crazy expensive. My boyfriend paid $22 for a manhattan on the rocks. Waaay over-priced if you asked me. The atmosphere was fun and lively. There was one main room with other smaller rooms all over the place. It was fun to explore the different rooms.
5	When you enter, the theme is a 30s/40s Gatsby mansion party where the elite of the elite party.  The cast and ushers stay pretty true to character and try to interact with patrons as much as they can while trying to get ready for their cues and provide entertainment.  I had tickets for the 8pm Show.  I usually show up a little early to get settled in and get a feel for the atmosphere, but really had no idea what I was getting into with this place!  I tried to research and google and yelp, but really still wasn't sure.  "It's like Absinthe" is a great explanation if you've seen Absinthe but as I haven't, it didn't really help.They play live music as you walk in and they're covers of popular modern songs.  The band and singers are phenominal and do a great job of putting a bit of an old school twist on a modern song.  Around showtime, you're led into another room where there's a bit of a tidbit of a show that leads you to the main show room. The showroom is small, but accomodating.  The seats can be a bit cramped and I wouldn't recommend getting up mid performance anyways, but if you're at the end, it's a bit of a hastle.  There really aren't any bad seats though.  The show itself is about what you'd expect from someone who's got too much money, on the sauce, and just enjoying life.  It's light, fun, and at times a bit random.  I can't say too much as the audience is sworn to secrecy, but at least there were assigned seats.I really enjoyed the show and plan on going back again!  I think the intimacy of the theater coupled with the acts that are engaging and sometimes bizzare always manage to leave the audience laughing and entertained.  TIPS:  * Get there early so you can really take the place in and have the time to enjoy your drink/food.  It really is a bit of a shock.* Dress nicely - it does have a dress code, but it's pretty easy.  But you really do stand out and it's harder to get immersed into the feeling when you don't mesh well with everything else.  Besides, IT'S NIGHT TIME IN VEGAS!* No flash photography, but the lighting is usually sufficient to get a decent shot of what you want.  The stage is round and the actors play to all parts of the stage.
4	Not bad, Cosmo.  Not bad.  Decided try out RRL with the wife and a few friends to figure out what all the hype is about at that "new place in The Cosmopolitan".  Hit up a 6pm reservation to try out some of the eats on the restaurant side and decided to focus only on that this time around (in other words, we skipped the show and decided to grub down and budget on that instead).  We were immediately greeted and ushered through a few doors before settling in at our dinner table.  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE RESTAURANT ONLY!  Here's what I experienced:- Service was ON POINT.  Our waiter and various servers were very attentive to our dinner party and accommodated us whenever we had a question about the menu, drinks, decor, etc.  I would say this was probably the best thing about my RRL experience.  Service is not usually a top priority to me but the staff did damn well and reflected the price I was paying tonight if not more!- Watch your wallet; the price here is STEEP.  The $$$$ above this review is a correct assessment of the price points you will commit to when visiting.  Now, don't get me wrong, I don't mind shelling out some hard-earned cash for good food.  However, we just came for dinner in a party of 4 and was hit with multiple "taxes" including auto-gratuity (18%), an entertainment tax (even though we didn't go to the show), service tax (??) and sales tax (which is a given).  What?  Felt a little blindsided there with all of the charges but I guess coming over to sing a song with the glass harmonica player yielded some kind of extra charge........ remember, restaurant side only.- The food and drinks.  The food, although served "tapas style" and pretty small, was actually pretty good.  I enjoyed the Uni and Lobster Perciatelli, the Branzino on creamed spinach and topped with raisins, and fresh oysters with a side of horseradish butter WHICH WAS THE BOMB BTW.  But the highlight of the night was the BRUSSEL SPROUTS.  Hot damnnn!  You must get this when you come here.  Period.  Those dishes were the culinary highlights IMO and although they didn't amaze the crap out of me for the price, it was pretty damn tasty.  THE DRINKS were pretty good as well.  Reminiscent of cocktails at H&R or The Laundry Room, these drinks hit the spot too.  I opted for the Pisco Punch and it was a nice chill drink to sip on throughout the night.- The entertainment, although we didn't get to see the show, spilled over into the main room where we were eating for a little bit.  We got to hear a few tunes from the live band, some singing/beatboxing from a performer, and some carnival-like antics.  I would consider coming to just watch the band play but if I get hit with entertainment charges for doing that, then I probably would come less often.. (can't you tell I'm still a little irritated with that ent. charge...) Anyway, from what we saw, it was entertaining and kept us occupied during dinner for a short while and enhanced the ambiance a bit.Overall, I give the RRL dining experience a 3.5 (rounded up to 4) star.  The ambiance and service was stellar and the food was pretty good but the price and size of the dishes and extra random charges definitely offset the positives of our visit.  I know it's the Cosmo on the strip and all but the charges added on to the bill that wasn't anticipated soured it for me (third time about the ent. charge.. grrr... okay, I'm done now haha).  Like I said, I don't mind spending top dollar for stellar eats but it wasn't a mind blowing awesome experience that would garner an immediate second look. Maybe I will come back to catch the midnight showing of Nocturne at the $27.27 price point but I don't think I'll be back any time soon to dine in only.  I'd rather catch some quick drinks, sit around and listen to some jazz tunes, and converse a little with friends before venturing elsewhere for the night.  Will update on the next visit.Edit: Looked into the entertainment tax and decided that I shouldn't kill the messenger.. still irritating but that's the way the mandate works, I guess. Nice place and grubs but unfortunately the tax imposed for entertainment w/o seeing the actual show is still a buzzkill.
5	This place is amazing with its variety shows and specialty drinks from a mixologist. I had so much fun. Definitely would recommend seeing this place before leaving Vegas...
5	Commonly referred to as a "Grand Social Experiment", this place does not disappoint!  We had pre-purchased tickets to the 8pm show, and made a dinner reservation directly after.  The show itself was both amazing and mind boggling; consisting of comedy, dance, acrobatics, music, and just plain oddities.  The performance lasted about an hour and a half, and is one that can truly not be missed.The venue itself is super cool, and is comprised of many rooms emulating a "mansion".  We were ushered into the study after the show where we had handcrafted cocktails prepared by the mixologist (who, by the way, totally dressed the part), and then taken to our table for dinner.  Let me add that the crystal glass wear here is totally on point!Dinner was a great mix of small plates, and from my experience, you can't really go wrong here.  A few of my must-try recommendations would be the brioche, beet salad, shortrib, and duck pasta.  If you have a hankering for caviar, the selection here is BEYOND!  While we ate, a couple of different live acts made their way through the room, including a pair of amazing tap dancers!Post-meal we had the pleasure of watching a "secret show" that is in a private room and only hosts ~12 guests at a time.  I would lovvvvve to expand upon this, but that would ruin the surprise! Hint: don't give the snack guy any money ;)
5	This joint is seriously LEGIT! I went there on a Fri night just to the bar area. It was my first time, and went with a friend to just check it out. The bar doesn't require cover and you can go anytime before 11:45ish. At midnight they have a show and at that point they charge $30 cover. The bar is really cool and has a craft cocktail vibe. However, they have these really cool sliding panels that let you enjoy a glimpse of the festivities in the other rooms. I'm not going to spoil the fun, but you really do have to go check it out for yourself. We liked it so much that we went back the next night to check out the Midnight Show. It was like nothing I had ever seen. Again, i doing want to ruin it by detailing the show, but seriously, it's a really fun atmosphere. You can do bottle service if you want. Or, like us, do the $30 ticket for the show. It's totally worth it. At some points you'll be saying "WHAT THE??? HOW??", at other times you might laugh your A$$ off, and at other times, you'll be in awe. It's only a 30 min show, after which it turns into a club w/ an amazing DJ. During that time there are some random performances as well. All in all, one of the best surprises in Vegas for me in a long time. It doesn't hurt that I'm seriously addicted to the Cosmo hotel & casino as well. This is just another reason to keep coming back!
5	Rose. Rabbit. Lie...eclectic. This is what my dreams are like - minus people getting shot. Seeing, being awake  and partaking in a whimsical experience is fun, unreal and confusing. Moulin Rouge-esque vibe. I went here with Yelp friends for dinner and drinks.Located on the 2nd floor and the same side as Wicked Spoon. Big double door with girls with a clipboard and guys in red velvet jackets. You'll be taken to the foyer. Lots of doors that remind me of Choose Your Own Adventure - which door leads to what? If you close your eyes and spin around a few times, you wouldn't know which door you should open...and then, there are hidden doors. So cool!We had entertainment while we were eating, drinking and talking. The lights would flicker and get dim when a show is about to start but they orchestrate food service so well. They have girls with tassels on poles, polka band playing David Guetta's "Memories" and a maid singing to "Blurred Lines" in polka version, twin tap dancers, a contortionist, etc.Their cocktail menu is pretty hardcore - lots of whiskey, bourbon, rum and tequila which I'm not a huge fan of because of what they can do to me BUT I tried a few drinks anyway. They're quite strong but good - like a kick on the head strong. The food was also delicious - small portions.Airmail:Rum, orange blossom honey, lime and sparkling wine. Out of all the drinks we've sampled, this was the perfect one for me. Citrusy and a nice balance between rum and wine. 5/5White Rum:It looks and tastes almost like fruit punch but with a kick. This was served in the Cloak Room and I love how they made reference to "The Shining"'s redrum...redrum. 5/5Suisse Abyss:Absinthe, creme de cacao, cream and grated Swiss chocolate on top. You can get this drink from The Study where the famous bartender Ju is at. This drink looks like dessert but it's nothing like it. 4/5Rumble in the Jungle:Cachaca, 12yr rum, clarified Thai milk tea, bamboo served with a cinnamon stick. Also from The Study cocktail menu. This was strong but I loved the flavors. 5/5Braised Pork:Soft, juicy chunks of pork with polenta air, black truffle and gremolata. It's a rich and creamy dish. 5/5Loup De Mer en Croute:Branzino with creamed spinach. The skin is wonderfully crisp and the sauce was a bit citrusy. 5/5Butterscotch:The presentation is very earthy and organic. You have globs of butterscotch, a lump that of hazelnut cream and crisp cookie that looks like a rock with flowers on top and twigs made of chocolate. 5/5Thanks to DV, DN and IA for a fantastic evening! I was highly entertained and they had my attention the whole night which is quite a feat since my attention span is short. I'm pretty sure some parts of this review and photo captions aren't 100% accurate. I am just now waking up from this dream...
5	Very unique dining experience.  Perhaps the most eclectic atmosphere in Vegas.  Many small rooms.  All slightly different, but all with a 1920's retro feel.  Entertainment comes and goes throughout the night.  We saw tap dancers on the bar.  Service was excellent, and food was very good.  Mostly small plates for sharing.  All very unique choices. The cocktails are wonderful.  The study, the room we ate in, and it is perhaps a little more upscale in that they have their own bar, and their own "secret" cocktails.  Flavors I have never experienced before in cocktails.  Can't wait to try them again.
5	Date & Time:  Friday January 29, 2014 @ 11pmLocation:  Mezzanine Level of The CosmopolitanDining Companion:  The Dapper HusbandScene:  Couples & Groups of Girls in Little Flapper Dresses or Herve Leger DressesVibe:  Gatsby + Roaring 20'sMusic:  Eclectic Mix of Jazz, Hip Hop, EDMDecor:  Luxe, Intimate, Sophisticated.  Mansion w/ Study, Pool Room, Ball RoomEntertainment:  Incredibly Talented Performers  Service:  Professional 5-Star ServiceImbibe:  $16 CocktailsDevour:  $15 Per Caviar TacoTotal:  $200
5	OMG. I was not expecting much when I came to Rose Rabbit Lie, just your standard club that is less hyped up than the others.But there were STILL shows going on when we came in about 12. And it was super impressive stuff. I loved being entertained while enjoying cocktails. There were tons of interesting people and crazy performers. My only complaint is that our promoter was wrong when she claimed it was open bar for girls from 11:30-1:30. We only got one drink ticket we could use, and that's it. Lame.But the place otherwise was great!
4	Pretty awesome show but for being a super cool elite social club there sure were a whole heck of a lot of people there. I could barely move so my gf and i decided to leave rather than give this establishment any more money. Shame.
3	Food is great but Nocturne show is pathetic at best.  It's a total wannabe Absinthe...  The only problem is I can see Absinthe for about $60 and Nocturne cost me over $300 for two tickets.  Stupid and a stupid show.  Get original and stop copying Absinthe andripping people off.  On a side note, go see Absinthe!  Best all around show in Vegas!
5	My husband and I were in Vegas last weekend and had heard about this new restaurant inside the Cosmopolitan.  The restaurant was a unique experience and the food was excellent.  The wait staff was very attentive and accommodating.  We bought tickets to their 10pm show "Nocturne", and that was a disappointment for the amount of money we paid for the tickets.  But the restaurant gets 5 stars!!  Next time we will do dinner and skip the show.  Highly recommended if you like the tapas style restaurant.  It gives you a chance to try many small portions of food.  Our waiter suggested the Brussel Sprouts, which neither of us had ever tried before and they were delicious!  Highly recommended this restaurant!
5	I am completely obsessed with this place.  I spent this past Saturday evening visiting the bar and watching the show and I'm still thinking about it four days later.So since it has been talked to death on Yelp, I'll try to keep it to the point.  -Food and drinks are expensive, be prepared.-It's true that it's Absinthe Lite, or at least the 8pm show.  Less profanity (which I wanted more of, actually) but there are still really great performances.-Wander around, talk to the employees, find out cool things about the place.-Stick around after the show to watch performances at the bar.-Ask where the study is and have a drink there.  They offer the full drink menu as well as a couple you can only find at this bar.  Locals, if you are familiar with the Laundry Room when it first opened, you'll be happy to see Jun working here!-Keep yourself ready for surprises....you never know what kind of crazy things you will see!The drinks are really good and not that terribly priced for the Strip.  I asked for something boozy and my bartender made me just that - let's just say I was laughing a little too hard at Mr. Piffles during the show.Also, we ordered a couple of the veggie items from the menu (Fennel Salad and Curry Cauliflower).  I really didn't think they were worth the price.  The portions were small (think tapas) and they had too much going on.  Next time, I'll spend the money on another drink.If you have a chance to go to Rose. Rabbit. Lie. then go! Run, don't walk!
4	Pricey but you gotta pay to play in Vegas !Attended Rose.Rabbit.Lie for the 8pm show! I was super excited to check this place out . I was blessed to be offered the chance to come a long with a friend who had a extra ticket .It's located next to the Wicked Spoon so we had a easy time finding it. As soon as we entered everyone was super friendly helping us find our seats and also at the bar. I was stoked to try out the cocktails. The lucky guy who got the chance to serve up mine was "Tony" I asked him to help me pick out my first drink to try, after he scolded me for that being the worst thing to say to a bartender he helped me pick a drink and left me with a Smile! He was really great! I ended up going back for seconds. My favorite drink ended up being this apple one. Since I'm terrible! I didn't keep track of the names but it was delicious . The first one I got was really strong and had a punch in the name lol..Now as far as the actual show is concerned I thought it was OK! I know that it made me laugh a few times but it honestly felt too long and if I would've paid full price I would of been pretty upset . I think if you're unsure about whether you'd like the show I would check this place out as a night club / lounge or go to the cheaper 12am show. I swear my cocktails were strong enough I was even dozing off during some parts. My favorite was this part of the show that requires splash zone gear!When the show is done you're free to explore all the other areas. It's really cool but hard to navigate while everyone is having dinner.I can't wait to go back and try the food it looked so delicious and smelled great! I also wanna check out the night scene here but overall this place is the new place to be! And I had tons of fun..
5	love this spot. something new and different amidst the cookie cutter clubs in this town.
2	Dropped $300 for my spouse and I to get in, it was entertaining but altogether not necessarily worth the price.  Then I discovered that we were among the handful of people who actually had to pay to get in, which was kind of a gut punch as cocktails are tremendously expensive.A very interesting stage show, some of the players interact with the audience, but the price point is very out of proportion to the actual performances.If you're amongst the lucky majority that received a complimentary admission, go take a peek but I heavily suggest avoiding this place unless you smoke $90 cigars lit with $20 bills.The performance art was entertaining and the interaction with the audience brought out a "third dimension" to the show.  Think of well-dressed street performers, a little bit of "Tap Dogs", a little "Blue Man Group"-ish.I don't want to say it's a rip, but it's certainly priced for the Romanovs and not exactly worth the tremendous entry fee, especially when most of the club seemed as if they were there on comps.Feeling a little jaded and, well, financially leeched.It's a stage show and then a standard night club. If you morphed the marquee with a sprinkle of cabaret and a very light touch of Cirque du Soleil, drop $300 for a couple, there you have rose rabbit lie.
3	This. Place. Blows. We purchased the Living Social deal which was $134 for two admissions to the 10pm show. When we showed up, we were told they were in the  "VIP"  area. We were led to our seats, and it was literally right up against the side wall, so we viewed the entire show from the side. Not sure how that was considered VIP, think they were blowing smoke up our ass.  I wasn't entirely impressed with the show. In fact there were some parts where I was down right bored, the part with "mr piffles" was painfully dumb. I thought the original Absinthe show was 100 times better (I can't attest to the new Absinthe, and I understand this is a different show, but everyone was comparing this to Absinthe). I enjoyed the bar and the band playing at the bar more than I enjoyed the show. The prohibition style cocktails are fun with the different elixirs and what not. I did try the oldest cocktail in the US, Sazerac, it was really good, but I ended up switching back to my usual of Dark & Stormy, they use Goslings Ginger Beer (my favorite). I noticed there was a cost difference in the drinks at the bar and inside the show. In the show, they tack on a L.E.T service charge, gratuity and tax. So two drinks was $45, but at the bar, they just charge service fee and tax. Which after gratuity still ends up being $45. You can see a couple rounds of drinks will end up forcing you to take out a second mortgage (kidding). I loved the vibe of the bar. The band was awesome, and the there were a couple tables where everyone was dressed up in flapper outfits. I will for sure come back to hang out at the bar again, and in the future when I have out of town guests, this place would be fun to take them.
3	This is really a 3.5 review but Yelp doesn't allow it :) This place is really different. You feel like you are walking through a 21+ fun house almost. I really liked how much the spaces can shift and move around since we are not at that level yet in Chicago. We came after dinner in the Cosmo and had the Cookie Jar for dessert. Great idea for after dinner bites since there is something for everyone. I also love that they have Moscow Mules on tap, so so smart. Our waitress was beautiful and very friendly but since it was pretty dead on a Sunday I would have liked her to show us around a bit more. The reason I'm not ranking this as high as others is there were some definite issues during our experience. The music was all over the place and at points shut off completely. The entrance is very unwelcoming by the staff who just looks at you instead of asking if you want to go inside (again, we were there on a Sunday night and it was dead). I also found myself a little lost getting out of there but I think that's part of the plan! The salon with the record player is really nice but overall I think they have some bugs to work out to make this a consistent experience whether or not they have a lot of guests. I will be back though to find out!
5	As most of the other reviews indicate, this place is really something special.  I felt like I was in a Fitzgerald novel or had fallen down the rabbit hole the entire time we were there.  Even the silverware is decadent looking!  I loved it and would recommend it to anyone from 21 to 99+.Here are my tips for making the most out of your visit:(1)  Ask to be seated in the Music Room, Library or Swimming Pool area.  The Study is lovely and apparently has some amazing cocktails that are not available in the other "rooms," but most of the action happens elsewhere.  (2) Go light on the savory dishes.  We weren't wowed by the French-style "tapas" that we ordered (braised pork, Waldorf salad, beet salad, calamari, and a few others).  I had read about the small portions, but the salads were shockingly small--maybe 4 tiny lettuce leaves in the Waldorf salad.   Maybe we ordered the wrong things, but nothing stood out as fantastic.(3) Order the Terrarium dessert!  It's visually stunning and deliciously decadent.  (4)  If you like cocktails, you will be highly satisfied.  As others have mentioned, they have some specialty drinks that you won't find anywhere else.  The tea and coffee menu is unique as well.  (5) Walk around.  Make sure that you walk around the restaurant and check out the other rooms during your visit.  Our waiter even offered to give us a tour before we left.  (6) Do not be in a rush.  Our dinner lasted almost 3 hours.  Other tables seem to stay even longer.  We didn't feel rushed at all by our server and enjoyed getting to see all of the acts that rotate through the restaurant while you are eating.Note:  We did not pay to see a show.  However, you will see performances all night long throughout the restaurant.  My favorites were the wacky gal singing a polka version of "Blurry Lines", the creepy man playing some sort of glass accordion, the tap dancing twins and the dancing suitcase.  Do not miss out on this experience!
5	Completely obsessed and in love with this place.  The show is AMAZING. The crowd is fun loving yet mature (no fake IDs here). The service is fantastic (we had a table and literally loved our host.  Most unique "club" in vegas.
4	Let me preface by saying that I am IN LOVE with this place. I think it's a unique concept, it's very interactive (as far as the performers before and after the show), there are several rooms to socialize, and the Cosmo is the perfect hotel to host this experience. Great for groups, probably even better for a birthday or bachelorette party, or some big celebration! A few reasons as to why I give it only 4 stars and not a perfect score: Drinks are way overpriced. Tickets are insanely expensive. Food wasn't mind-blowing... don't get me wrong, it was wonderful, but I was really expecting to be shipped off to another universe. For drinks, I purchased an Airmail & a glass of pinot noir & my total was $39 before tip. I've never spent that much money on drinks on the strip before. The real cool thing is they always have 2 cocktails "on tap", and both times I've gone it's been a Paloma (tequila) & Moscow Mule. As for must tries for the food: Lobster Newberg & heavenly eggs - these were table faves.Each show is different from the next (8p, 10p & 120am), and even so, I went two different Saturdays and both 8pm shows were slightly different - as in a few acts were some I had not seen previously which was a great surprise.
4	Great experience at Rose Rabbit Lie.. felt like a scene in the Great Gatsby! The setup is definitely not your traditional nightclub. Starts off with dinner/show then turns into the club. It is a brand new club so some nights are hit or miss. But def see a lot of potential for this new club.
2	Let's play Fairy Tale Storytime. It'll make my review of this sh*thole a little softer on the eyes and ears.Alice fell down the rabbit hole after eating a hit of acid and a tab of ecstasy. When she came to, she found herself in this horrible excuse of a night club in Las Vegas. What was touted as a great venue for live shows and next-level nightclubbing, she found to be a badly orchestrated mess of adults dressed up as furries (FURRIES!! full grown adults dressed in animal and fantasy costumes), a live performance that kept getting interrupted by awkward silences from the DJ and audience, a senior citizen dressed as a drag queen on stage, and about four or five employees getting right in her face and asking her menacingly, if she was having a good time. Poor Alice. She left a nightclub where there was an actual headlining DJ, so she could meet her friends who'd gotten on the guest list for this place. Next time she'll just stick to the original tea party she was holding court at. This place made an acid trip look like a less expensive vacation.  (Disclaimers: there were no actual drugs or fairy tale characters involved, and the staff that wasn't dressed as furries were very accommodating and nice, unlike lots of other clubs on the strip. Are you guys owned by the Light Group as well? If so, you're one of the only tolerable staff roster under their belt.)
5	What an experience. From the Library to the Dinner Area to the integrated showrooms and bars and Co-Ed Bathroom that is always locked this place is amazing. I came for Valentines Day last night and was there 6hrs!  Dinner was amazing and with an 85$ bottle of champagne was satisfied for about 275$ total for 5 people.  The Show is well worth the $$$$... And then the place turns into a CLUB! I am always out working the nightlife here in Vegas and this was an awesome change I will be back again soon!
2	This is for the11:59 "show". Yawns. Rose. Rabbit. Bore.Some choice acts but the dj couldn't hold a crowd unless she resorted to hip-hop. It was actually amusing.If you are coming for the late night thing, be prepared to stand.Also, if you have tix for the late show, be prepared to jump through a few hoops with the cosmo staff and the rose. They alll looked like chickens with their heads cut off at about show time. And drinks are overpriced for the entertainment, you are paying for the venue.
5	An absolute Vegas hit!! For someone who has almost seen an experienced everything Vegas has to offer this is truly a unique and amazing experience! The food is absolutely top notch, the caviar tacos are a must! Ambiance is like nothing else on the strip and the show could be watched over and over again! Couldn't recommend RRR more !
5	Wow. The first description that comes to mind is Alice in Wonderland meets Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. I don't even know where to start.  It's dreamy and prohibition era feeling, but every now and then you will see something that makes you wonder if someone slipped drugs in your drink at the blackjack table earlier. We had the whole experience here for Valentine's Day including dinner, lots of drinks and comped seats for both the 8pm and 10pm cantos. We enjoyed dinner in the study and were amazed by the quality of the drinks, especially those exclusive to the study. Yes, they're pricey, but they're handcrafted cocktails that take a bit more work than a rum & coke (and taste a ton better) and we noticed the quantity was pretty good too (not overloaded with ice like many bars). Between my husband and I, we probably tried 8-10 different drinks and were consistently impressed by each one. Our server did a great job of steering us towards (or away) from drinks based on what we liked about our prior beverages too. For dinner, we chose to do the Valentine's menu which was AMAZING in every regard. There were separate "his" and "hers" menus with different choices for the first 2 courses and for dessert, truncated by a shared main dish. First, we were brought a nicely presented brioche bread. I like bread, but I can usually pass it up to save room for the real meal. One look at this bread and I knew I wouldn't be passing it up. Best bread I've ever had!  It was freshly baked, warm, lightly salted and so soft it almost melted in your mouth. We loved it so much, we ended up ordering more of it during the show later! We then had a fabulous lobster cocktail and fried oysters rockefeller. We fell in love with the lobster cocktail and thought it was a pretty good amount of lobster for a a first course! We then had a loup de mer and a duck confit pasta. I didn't think I was a duck fan, but I am now. That pasta was cheesy flavorful deliciousness!  Our main course was a shared Beef Wellington dish (a smaller version of their $275 "feast" on the regular menu). WOW. We were both floored by this dish. From the foie gras and shaved truffle to the perfectly cooked beef and beautiful pastry dome, every aspect of this dish was perfection on a plate. I can't even remember exactly what our desserts were, but we nearly licked both plates. I know one had butterscotch pudding and the other was little peaks of what looked like meringue but tasted so much dreamier. Then there were the chocolates. I bit into the first one (a salted caramel chocolate) and promptly yelled "Oh my god!" It was that good.  We later found out the chocolates were house made, they need to box those up and sell them!As we were wrapping up dinner, we began to take in the decor more. Behind me was a nice collection of jazz and soul records, and next to it a picture of a man resembling Robert Plant in the 60s sitting on a tractor wearing nothing but a banana hammock. Nothing like a bit of contrast! As we were paying our tab the oddities began. A hunched over guy in a sweat suit climbs up a ladder and disappears into the wall, twin tap dancers emerge from another wall and start dancing on the bar. A wonderful singer emerges from somewhere else. It made me so excited to see what was in store at the two shows we were about to see! We wandered out, opening random doors to see what else the place had in store. My husband even nearly walked into the kitchen on our self tour, but nobody seemed to mind much! The bigger main dining rooms were buzzing with energy, but it made me appreciate our experience in the quiet little study even more. With a large group though, the bigger rooms would be a blast! We made our way in for the 8pm canto, which began in an ethereal and dreamy way and took us on a ride of comedy, disbelief, music and sexuality. I don't want to spoil it for anyone who hasn't been, but we were amazed and loved the entire show. It was like an upscale freak show! We had a short break after the 8pm show and went back in for the 10pm. This time we were seated in the back row closest to the bar in individual arm chairs with a little cocktail table in front of us. So cozy! We couldn't help but order some food (more of that awesome bread and some great calamari!) The 10pm canto was markedly different in tone to the 8pm, much more sexually charged, more foul language (much to my delight), a more upbeat disco sort of feel. I loved that the shows were SO different. Many of the performers were the same, but their acts were different in every way so nothing was repeated from the 8pm. We also had tickets for 12pm and I wish we could've gone but we had to take off to meet a friend. I could've stayed there all night though, I was having such a great time!!  I think Rose.Rabbit.Lie makes for a perfect date night and also can't wait to try it out with a group of friends next time we're in town! Highly recommended in all regards!
4	WOWZA! This place is sensory overload, in the best way! By far this best thing about Rose. Rabbit. Lie. is the restaurant! In case you're confused about what Rose. Rabbit. Lie. is, it's a show, restaurant, and bar all in one. The night we went, we did all three. We saw the show first, which was great. It's the same people who do Absinthe (which I love) over at Caesar's Palace. While I'm glad I saw the show at Rose. Rabbit. Lie., Absinthe is way better and worth your money so much more. The show at Rose. Rabbit. Lie. feels like a less funny, trying harder version of Absinthe.If you stop by the bar area, you get plenty of entertainment without the show price. There are dancers and different acts stopping by every 15 minutes or so. They're the same people who are in the show. Some of them are pretty amazing and fun to watch. The drinks are delicious but a little on the pricey side.By far, the best thing about Rose. Rabbit. Lie is the food. The restaurant was amazing! The next morning, I woke up still craving the brussel sprouts and the calamari. Everything we had was amazing. The service was great and there's great attention to detail. The silverware gets propped up by what looks like fancy monopoly pieces. The food is tapas style, so even though each plate isn't expensive, the bill adds up pretty quickly. Having said that,  I can't wait to go back, drink a glass of champagne and have two orders of the brussel sprouts.
2	Hmmm...Rose.Rabbit.Lie, youve just tried to hard...Yet again Cosmopolitans recreation of an attepmt to make a chic, modern version of a Burlesque, Cabaret, nightlife showroom, with no burlesque or cabaret, let alone even the slightest feel of the "social-club."For granted, the opening female performer beatboxing and overlaying her own music on stage with an R&B cover of current popular hiphop needs a record deal! Also the beautiful scantilly clad contortionist, keep her too!!The rest of the sloppy, unchoreographed "show" can do away. Almost had remembrance of a less raunchy, pitiful storylined version of "The Act"(their shows were more theatrical).That aside, cocktails were great, powerfully overpriced for just being a few classics and a few simple basic cocktails with added bitters(i.e. The washington apple and fuzzy navel) They were tasteful and aromatic, but i expected more, especially being  at the Cosmo. Plus, i was shocked when the bartender didnt know what i was speaking of when i asked for an orange swath!All in all, i had a great time, it was underwhelming, but i had fun. Perfect for the tourist whos never seen the likes, not so much for the Local who has seen it all.Great door staff by the way, welcoming and smiling.Please...someone recreate a true social-club with eye-popping burlesque and mouthwatering prohibition era classics!
1	I would see the show again, but I've vowed to never again visit the restaurant. Despite making a reservation, we weren't seated on time. We had to ask the hostess to wait at one of the two hidden bars to enjoy outrageously priced cocktails. We had to wave down our waiter three times for water, cocktail refills and the bill. The service was so slow that the dinner took 105 minutes (and that's without an appetizer or dessert). The policy of the restaurant was to let both or neither of us order off the his/her price fix menu; only one of us wanted it, but that was not allowed. The waiter actually discouraged us from ordering dessert. The noise was loud, so we were yelling along with other patrons just to carry a conversation. Good food + terrible service + vague descriptions + pretentious vibe = failed social experiment!
5	Spectacle at every turn. You can check in for a drink at the bar, enjoy dinner in an ocean liner of a room, catch a wild floor show in another, and end in their sedate (by their standard) library bar for a nightcap.  All the while experiencing in each room a different singer, musician, dancer... You name it.  Vegas hasn't had something that sophisticated since the 60s.The drinks are top notch.  The food is exquisite overall with some yawns but they seem have a management that will change things to the point where they feel its ALL perfect.
5	I would have to say one of the most amazing shows I have seenIt is really entertaining from the moment you walk in and until you leavethe website is a little vague but there is a show side and a dinner and show sidethe show side is at like 8 or 10 where you sit there and watch them do there stuffand the other side has like a dinner and you watch like some of the mini shows that happenI do have to say this does deserve 5 stars mainly because I rate this place based on if I would return again after watching it....and this one is a definite YES
3	Go for drinks  and/or dinner. Skip the show. It has the same acts that wander through the bar and dining room - and it's much more charming and quirky to see them during dinner than in a formal performance setting. Food was really good - pricey but good quality. And not unusually pricey for nice food in Vegas. The show.......we went to the midnight show. It started 25 minutes late and basically, we could have sat in the bar and seen most of it for free through openings in the walls. (the space transforms  as  you sit there - walls go away and come back which is cool) Also, they do NOT make it clear when you buy show tix that you will be standing with a crowd watching it from the side unless you buy bottle service. So I was pretty cranky after the bouncer pretty rudely yanked me back when I foolishly thought I could sit down and watch the show I bought tickets for, and even more cranky after I stood around on heels for 25 minutes past showtime. Made me feel kind of 'fen' about the whole evening. Would have left happy and charmed if I had just had dinner or gone to the bar. If you want to see a weird cabaret, go to Absinthe. They let you sit down and it's  a more impressive show anyway.
2	Don't bother showing up early. They tell you to come 15-20 mins before, but they make you stand there in line and wait while a steady stream of people pour in. What's the point???
2	I have been going out here in Las Vegas for 13 years and I have been to almost every venue on the strip. My friend and I are up laughing at our experience here and thought we would share.  I normally, if you check my profile, I give 5 stars and have never given a 2, but this place can leave you feeling disappointed if you have watched the trailer. Hopefully they will pull it together, they are new, so take this as constructive.We unfortunately were sat at the table, combination stage where in performers would jump up on our table with their shoes on lol and dance around our table all while the waiters were yelling at us to grab all of our glasses, pretty funny. This happened several times and the waiters would grab all of our stuff and clear it off as the next pair of shoes hopped up and danced, it was crazy.The food portions will leave you heading to in and out burger after, they are super tiny, and the oysters were the size of a nickel, you receive 4 for 16.00 and all of them wouldn't add up to one full sized oyster anywhere else, I don't like them but my friend was bummed. We were in a group of 6 people and the waiters would drop off the small app plates and not put them in front of the guest that ordered, some if it was confusing looking so at one point we had asked the waiter where our lobster dish was, and he cruised down the table and grabbed a 3/4 eaten bowl of lobster and brought it down to my friend and said there you go, your friend must have eaten it. We had a lot of servers but none of them able to take an order, only the one could, but unfortunately he was very busy, and so half the table ordered without him getting the other half of us, then they served half the table and we had to wait while everyone was passing the mystery plates around.  It was pretty impossible to get the service you would expect because there were a lot of people but only one guy that could take orders. We had to wait a long time for our drinks.The food, what little of it there was, was wonderful.  The flatware and dishes were gorgeous too, and the music was 1940's I think and very beautiful.  The musician that played the organ in off tones was pretty crazy sounding, but I'm sure it was supposed to be like that.  The entertainers were very talented. All in all, it was a weird experience, great food, terrible service and interesting goings on.  Very over priced, but great for tourists to see.  It was one of those places that are fun to do once.  Maybe if I was a drinker it would have seemed better.We spent $700 dollars on our dinner bill and we were all hungry after.  Pretty funny. Sorry to give you the low score, your new, so maybe in reading this it will help you to improve so that you can last for many years to come
4	Fantastic show but drinks are outrageously overpriced.   3 mixed drinks and a bottled water for $77.
4	Came here for night #1 of my 30th birthday celebration in Vegas. Hali was very helpful over email in booking a table for me & my group of 30 friends, and checked in a few days before to make sure we were good to go. I wasn't sure what to expect as I had heard it was a show, lounge, club...all rolled into one. We came for the late night show, and when we arrived were quickly escorted to our table, and there were several people helping to arrange bottle service. They were all extremely helpful throughout the night, and so friendly. We even had a bouncer guy who would escort the girls to the bathroom (and kept the weird creepers away)!! They gave us a huge area that was very close to the stage & there was plenty of room for all 30 of us to sit and enjoy the show. The show itself was the highlight! It was so off beat and entertaining, a little bit of acrobatics, dance, music, weird comedic stuff...everyone in my party loved it. I was very happy, because I wanted something a little different, not the typical Vegas club scene...and this was definitely it. After the show ended, it became a full blown club...not a lounge. I was told it was a more casual lounge, but the music was bumpin and it was hard to talk to people. We had a blast dancing for about an hour or two and then it just became really hot in there, too loud & too much (typical club scene in Vegas). The music is also majority electronic (or at least it was the night we were there), and we were hoping for more of a mix of hip hop, pop, electronic. Overall, we had such a great time here. The show is so much fun, the service was great, and it's a little different than the typical Vegas club scene. I would definitely recommend!!!
2	This was a real let down.  Conceptually it is a great idea, but the execution was off the mark by a mile. OVERALL: there are a LOT of issues that need to be worked out to make this place worth going to again. The biggest for me is that if you are trying to create a unique space, then the vision has to be clear and EVERYBODY has to understand it and be a part of it. Otherwise its just a mediocre show and expensive drinks with crappy music. //-- BREAKDOWN --//Ambiance/Setup: The concept was supposed to be a mansion party with nooks and crannies to disappear into but the layout was four parallel rooms right next to one another with small doors creating flow issues.  The interior layout creates massive traffic jams with no large gathering areas that were away from necessary access points. There were lines outside waiting to get in to the show that you also had to wait in just to access the bar. None of the ushers/bouncers/people standing around with headsets and clipboards knew what was going on and seemed confused themselves. After the early show,  they have to stop letting people in because they don't have enough room for the capacity of people they let in.  Chatting up the ushers/bouncers and asking them to describe the space, nobody could generate a clear answer nor say why they were holding people outside. Restaurant: Did not eat there, but have heard from many people that the food is really good. Bar: A couple days after I checked my bank account and noticed several charges to my account from RRL. one was refunded, but still got charged for somebody else's drinks. Also, I ordered the same drink from a couple different bartenders and got charged different prices, $20 for a Jameson and ginger-ale was one of them. Show: Typical Speigle production, similar to Absinthe in the way tries to be a "non-show" show. However the acts were only OK and there was no chemistry amongst the cast to create something cohesive. I really enjoyed the seating though, it was nice to be able to put your drink down and stretch out a little. Most notable was the tap dancing, these guys were pretty rockin. Club: after the 12am show, the stage is removed partially and the show room becomes a club. The music was REALLY bad even though the hot, faux dreadlocks dj looked like she was plucked from a Berlin underground metal rave, she was playing generic clubby pop. Once again, just not cohesive with the feeling they were trying to create, something a little more daring for the music choices would have gone a long way to sell the space as different.
4	Definitely a classy experience! But you have to go in with the expectation that you're going to be spending $16/cocktail at the main bars and $20 during the show (they auto-add gratuity/fees).Despite the pricey cocktails, the ambiance is amazing and the allure of the hidden mysteries that lie behind secret doors is too tempting to miss. We purchased the livingsocial deal for the 10pm canto and picked up our tickets around 6:15 on the night of the show. We were seated in the second row of section 100, but in the corner... so while we were very close to the action, we were behind the entertainers and couldn't see the images on projector screen.We were fortunate to be "invited" back to both the Cloak Room before the 10pm canto and the Study after the show. We had just purchased drinks at the bar in the Music room and were waiting patiently when a male/female duo approached us and asked us what our plans were for the evening. We told them we had tix for the 10pm canto and said perfect... they'd swing by to pick us up and take us to the Cloak Room after the performer finished her song. In the cloak room, we saw two mini-acts (the tap dancers and the sideshow freak Captain Frodo) and also enjoyed a complementary tequila punch! They then led us out another secret door and to the show room just in time for the 10pm canto.After the show, we went back to the bar to wait out the transition for the 12:00am show. We purchased another set of drinks and after sitting at the bar for a few minutes, the same woman approached us and asked if we'd like to visit the Study. Through another set of doors, we were led into another large room with a bar and a sideshow with the Dragon and his dog Mr. Piffles was taking place. Apparently, there is one cocktail special to this room (Down the Rabbit Hole) which we didn't get to experience. But the Dragon asked me to check behind a mirror in the wall and his chihuaha Mr. Piffles was behind it. He told me to get him, but didn't give me more direction... when I asked, he said hang on to him... :) so I got to hold cute Mr. Piffels and then I passed him on to another patron for a bit until staff retrieved him.All in all, a lovely/exciting experience. My partner and I were trying to discern how you got "selected" to visit the other rooms... it definitely seemed like they were picking pairs of two, and since both of our times we'd just purchased a drink... my partner said "you have to pay to play!".Which may not be wrong... during our stay in the study, there was an "auction" for a stale croissant... and a woman bid $55 which she actually paid! they took her into a back room and apparently did a strip tease!At 12:30a, we left the Study and realized the main bar/restaurant were mostly empty and a whole new crowd had taken over the show room with the club. Some of the original patrons were still dancing, but it definitely seemed like an entirely new crowd.If you can still get the Living Social deal, do it. I'd def recommend going early to get your tickets (which have assigned seats). We arrived back at about 9:25pm (no line, but escorted into main bar).
4	Is it a club?  A show?  A bar?  A restaurant..?I was confused before arriving, and I think I'm even more confused now that I've been.At one moment, I'm in a study sipping on a hand crafted $16-plus-tax-plus-tip Mark Twain in "The Study", and the next I'm being swept into a private room by a young version of the Mad Hatter for story time.After being given some punch which "aids in forgetting" about the story that I'm about to be told, I'm presented with a blindfold from a silver platter, which by the way, also holds an old school revolver.  The story, which is told by the Mad Hatter's counterpart, is deep and interesting, yet difficult to follow.  My heightened senses of hearing and scent are stimulated with various sound effects including the sound and smell of burning fire.  When I'm asked to remove my blindfold, there is a contorted woman in the room, doing a handstand, holding a bow & arrow with her feet, and aiming it at the Mad Hatter who is playing the piano on the opposite side of the small room.  After he is shot by the arrow and dragged out of the room, we're asked to quickly evacuate as well.The level of weirdness and wonder doesn't change much throughout the night, as there is constantly something interesting going on.  Tap dancers on the bar, a guy playing a saw like a violin, singers, a female beat boxer, and more are just a few examples of the entertainment that seemed to pop up randomly both in context and location throughout.  I never knew where to comfortably take it all in, as at some points I was either behind the stage, hovering in the dining area, saddled up to the bar..  I always had that feeling that someone was going to tell me "you're not supposed to be here"; but they never did.All these experiences occurred within a few short hours, and I was (almost) completely sober.  I'd definitely like to come back for more!
5	I'd like to write something about the Vegas Nocturne show but it's something that needs to be experienced rather than read about. Fun, entertaining, erotic, mesmerizing, and unique. Just go see it...
5	Super neat place; the drinks can be a bit pricey, but are craft cocktails and totally worth it. Order the glass flask drinks; they serve six and come out to being way cheaper.You can go here for drinks, dinner, or dinner + show tickets. Reservations are STRONGLY recommended. Make sure to ask your server about "the Study". It's a secret room with a hidden door, and pretty bada**.
4	So it's a modern supper club, or better yet a Vegas supper club which is much much more.  My review is for dinner and the show,  and a friendly walk through of the rooms.  It's a little Alice in Wonderland,  a little Cirque du Soleil, a little Japanese game show,  and all Vegas.   No doubt,  it's entertaining and fits in nicely at the Cosmo.I've been here twice, both for dinner and once to see the show from the bar viewing area.  The space is lively and robust, its multiple rooms creating a slightly disorienting feel and complete with sliding blinds to separate the main room from the entry bar area.  It's modern yet retro, I think that's the best way to describe it.What you see may not be real.  The two guys in suits emphatically discussing the super bowl contenders did it for so long that eventually I caught on.  There's old school stuff and a little burlesque.Dinner holds its own very well and changes fairly frequently if I use my two visits as a gauge.  Seared foie gras, then au torchon, bone marrow, wonderful oysters rockefeller and sweetbread are my highlights.  Consistent throughout.  There's a great wine and spirits list, and service is attentive and friendly.It will be interesting to see how they keep it fresh and innovative, at the very least I hope to make another visit to find out.
3	Less of a show and more of a cool thing to do while you drink at your table and eat dinner in the other room..at least that's the idea. But most people will agree with me that a ticket at that price should be more like show. I think their "social experiment" was kind of a failure here.And by the way, there's a restaurant connected to it. I know, weird. I kind of don't get it. I mean, I get what they were trying to do...but I think the concept is a failure.Strongly preferred Absynthe (same producer) over this. We LOVED that show. Probably one of our favorites. Mixed in raunchy comedy with Vegas-style acrobatics.I mostly didn't like the magic acts. You can always figure out how it was done, and I hate that.Some nudity; my husband appreciated that! Haha. But nothing crazy. I do know that the show at midnight is only half an hour, significantly cheaper, and way more X-rated.With all that said, if you're staying at the Cosmo, it is a cool thing to do.
5	Best club experience in Vegas.  Perfect for people who aren't looking for the usual nightclub thing. Not reading too much about it other than it is whimsical and had a show, our minds were blown a few times and that's even after having our minds blown the previous night at Mystere.We showed up a little after 11pm and had a few drinks in the lounge.  Strange (in an awesome good way) acts came in every 15-20 minutes.  At little before midnight we went to the ballroom bar and got a standing spot to watch the show.  Think classy freak show meets something you can't explain.12:30am the dance party started.  The DJ played awesome mashups and all of a sudden it was 4:30am...
4	Really nice experience in Vegas. First night we had dinner in the dining room. Super small plates but really high quality. It's kinda nice when you are left wanting more! We were intrigued by the short performances coming and going during dinner so a few nights later we returned for the 10pm cantos (full show, no dinner) of Vegas Nocturne in the showroom. It was so good!! Drinks were crazy expensive (36 dollars for a well no name vodka cranberry and house white wine before tip) but the show was so good. A bit of Vauedville, a touch of Circ de Soleil, meets an underground talent show. Fun to watch. We loved it so much we came back for the midnight show  which turns into a fun dance club / afterparty including the cast after the 30 minute show.A must do grown up thing to do in Vegas!I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because the drinks were so expensive, well drinks and house wine weren't worth the price but I have heard their signature drinks might be!
5	This place is weird - in the best way possible!  Came for dinner on a Saturday night with two friends.  Made the reservation on Open Table 3 days before - no problem.I was a bit thrown off in the beginning. You see someone at the front door, who then shows you to someone else.  That someone then walks you inside, where you are greeted by another person, and then taken to a "holding area."  Then that person, after trying to sell you the $130 per person show, checks you in.  After all this, you are escorted to your table.  The dining room is on the smaller side (as compared to other Vegas eating establishments), and has a lively, yet intimate feeling.  There is an awkward elegance about the whole thing - from the way the wait staff isdressed to the chandeliers, it all screams Mad Hatter chic.  Drink: we ordered a $45 flask filled with the most delicious vodka concoction.  The name escapes me (Blue Moon maybe?), but it was light blue in color and absolutely delicious.  We were apprehensive about the price at first, but it gave all 3 of us a very nice buzz,  and we got to keep the flask.  We almost ordered another one... almost.  Food breakdown:- herb brioche rolls: just the butter alone is worth the $4.  Quite possibly the best butter I've ever tasted.   - vegetable crudite: interesting presentation, but a pass at $15.  Veggies are baby-sized (couple of baby carrots, some baby radishes), and the mushroom floor (spongy in texture) and green goddess sauce - although nice on the palate - do not justify the price.  - curried cauliflower: one of my favorites.  The portion was small, but flavors were spot-on.- brussel sprouts: asked for it sans crispy chicken skin, and they were able to accommodate.  Tasty; cooked to perfection.   - heavenly eggs: extremely fragile so be careful when handling. (I learned the hard way). Small in size but big in flavor - they don't skimp on the truffle. - oysters on the 1/2 shell: friends enjoyed it, but stated they were "thin."  I don't eat oyesters so I have no idea what that meant, and was too tipsy at that point to ask.- mushroom flatbread: our waiter recommended this as a vegeatarian option and it was incredibly tasty.  Not on the menu, so the accommodation was greatly appreciated.  - pan roasted salmon: friends thought it was the worst dish of the night- french fries: made with duck fat so vegetarians beware (waiter warned me). note: that they bring the food out one or two items at a time, and in a specific order. This is tremendously beneficial for people (like myself) who cannot pace themselves while eating. It also really allows you to enjoy the ambience. Entertainment: acts will spill over from the show/bar area next door and into the dining area.  In the time we were there, we witnessed tap dancing twins, fushigi, and a man dressed like a clown playing with metallic rings (creepy).  We also caught some of the burleque/singing happenings in the other room.    Although there were some misses (initial arrival situation, some of the food), the whole experience was quite enjoyable and unique.  2 1/2 hours flew by and all I can remember is laughing, clapping, singing, eating, and drinking to my heart's delight.  All in all, it was money well spent, and I'll surely return the next time I'm in town.
1	ANIMAL LOVERS - TAKE NOTICE! One of the acts in this show includes a sweet chihuahua. Until that act came on, I was enjoying the show and would gladly have given it 4 stars. However, this act ruined the entire show for me. "Piff the dragon" makes his dog Mr. Piffles do some 'tricks'. The way 'Piff' handles the dog (roughly, and sort of bouncing/shaking him around at points making him 'dance'), and the things he has this dog do, are unkind at best. I'm sure he doesn't intend to be 'unkind', per se, but he clearly sees himself as doing a 'good' thing by 'rescuing' these animals and then making them do 'tricks' in a loud (and uncomfortable, possibly scary) environment. I find this inhumane and disgusting. How do I know about his attitude regarding these dogs? Well, I did my due diligence  (with the hope that I'd found out something that would make me feel better about the whole thing - I was wrong). At the bottom of this Yelp review, I've cut/pasted his comments from a  ***VegasSeven interview (link from Rose Rabbit's Facebook page). --------Sidenote: The balance of the show would have received my wholehearted enthusiasm, had it not been for this. I'm surprised (disappointed?!) that no one else on Yelp has objected to this ridiculous and unnecessary act. Oh, but there was the woman in the front row who screamed at the guy 'You're an asshole' multiple times, and was ultimately escorted out of the theater. I probably should have gone with her, but I wanted to support the balance of the actors, many of whom were talented and were clearly working so hard to entertain the audience. I truly applaud acts such as the first woman (balancing the sticks/bones); the  two 'couples' (one was quite acrobatic, the other was a clever lip synced mashup); the bathtub dude; the final lovely contortionist, and everyone else who really put their heart in to their craft. So, I'm sorry to say that until I learn that they have permanently removed this act (and do not replace it with another one involving animals), my score for Vegas Nocturne will remain at one star. --------***From the Piff the Dragon interview: http://vegasseven.com/2014/02/27/seven-questions-vegas-nocturnes-piff-magic-dragon/"Also, Las Vegas is a big Chihuahua town. A lot of them here. A lot of abandoned ones, but at least Las Vegans love them enough to get them in the first place. And that means there are a lot of duplicates, so if [my sidekick] Mr. Piffles ever gets sick, I can just drive out to the I-15 and get a barrelful."So Mr. Piffles is easily replaceable?"See, here's the thing: When you rescue a dog, what I found was that they're so beaten down by life that anything else is a good option. So when I told him I wanted him to do card tricks, he said "no problem." He ran out and read some books. Studied with the greats. That's what I respect about him. He puts in the work."- See more at: http://vegasseven.com/2014/02/27/seven-questions-vegas-nocturnes-piff-magic-dragon/#sthash.JyhZSSaq.dpuf
5	This place is awesome! Must go place in Vegas. Great drinks, food, and entertainment!
5	Love this place!! We are already making plans to take friends next time. My husband made the perfect decision to make reservation for us for 2/15 for valentines day. We had a great expirience! The service was superb , the drinks amazing! Get the flask - so worth it! You get to get to keep it!! The food was to die for!! The caviar taco the short run stroganoff lobster cocktail are must tries! The deserts were unique and fingerlicking  good!!  The cookie jar was cool! Plus the entertainment?!? Won't spoil it!! Go see it!!! It's awesome!!! Price not bad for what you get!
4	Place is absolutely weird... In a good way  good cocktail menu! Amazing bartender,Marcus was great!   Food was pretty good overall it was a fabulous night
1	The ambiance was in the bar was fun and I wished we had hung there and skipped the show entirely.  The show was not well done at all.  Presented as a variety show, but it was more like amateur hour.  The acts and the hosting were not impressive at all.  Don't spend that much money for a show like this!
1	Wow... What a disappointment!  Save your money...  The drinks were good but VERY expensive -greater than $45 for two cocktails.  The ambiance in the bar was interesting and different.  Even the talent in the bar was good.  But DO NOT waste your time on the show.  We discussed leaving half way through but we were holding out for it to get better.  Guess what... It got worse!  The talent and the type of show reminded me of a high school production.  Dinner was OVERPRICED and mediocre.  Definitely not worth the $250 ( for 2).  Service was not good.  The wait staff had too many tables but there was additional servers.  Yet food arrived cold on a couple of the tapas.  Oh yeah!  Careful the 15% gratuity is added to the bill without us being told.  Overall what we thought was going to be a night to remember turned out to be a night we want to forget.  Total cost of the evening greater than $550.  Value $50.  Save your time and money. Btw:  this is my first time writing a review for Yelp.  But because the experience was so bad I needed to share it.
3	I was really excited to go here based on the reviews and the idea that it was a blend of theater/show/bar. First, the food was amazing...really excellent quality and we loved everything. Drinks were really pricey but that is to be expected. There were four of us and with only one drink each our bill was still $125 per person. The problem is we were seated in a room that literally nothing happened for over two hours...no juggling, no tapdancing, no contortionist...zilch. Every time the door would open to our dining room we'd think something was about to happen....and it didnt. Finally when we were paying our bill two guys came out and had bowler hats on which they did tricks with on the bar. okay, nothing special really. Our water was really nice and after we payed he gave us a tour of the whole venue..I think he obviously knew we were a bit disappointed in the " experience". Well, the other rooms had a totally different fun vibe and we saw the tapdancing twins and a couple other acts. At that point we were standing in the " other" dining rooms and felt like we were in the way of the other restaurant patrons who were seated so we left. we really felt quite gyped by the whole thing based on where we were seated.
3	Just a heads up, this review is only for the show and drinks. We did not eat here.  That being said, I would like to come back to try some food items based off of what I saw while walking through.Show was very different. We got tickets for 50 a piece, and I wouldn't pay more than that for it. There was some comedy, magic, a contortionist, a female beatboxer, tap dancers, and much more. There was one act that involved a girl getting fully nude, but she threw in comedy through out her act and she was so skinny and small that my girlfriend and I both said that we weren't sure anyone would find it particularly offensive. Also, it was 10 at night in Vegas so I wasn't surprised. Tap dancing brothers were amazing. Truly talented, very charming. Could've watched them for longer. Beatboxer was good too, but on stage for quite some time so it got a little old. Some acts were not impressive, but I suppose some people probably liked those and didn't like others. The night ended with a ping pong ball fight which was fun.We had a widows kiss and a moscow mule for drinks. Both packed a punch. Widows kiss good for brandy enthusiasts. My girlfriend and I went with my parents, and while we were not uncomfortable, we both said that we probably would've done the night differently if it had just been us. May try again next trip if we can find discounted tickets again.
5	Describing Rose.Rabbit.Lie can seem difficult at first.  There are so many things going on in so many rooms, often all at once, that if you go there looking for a traditional dining experience you will be shocked.  There is nothing traditional about this Alice in Wonderland meets Moulin Rouge restaurant/bar/circus/nightclub mashup.  You could honestly spend an entire night here and you will run the gamut of food and entertainment.  With all the performances going on it's easy to forget, or straight out miss the fact, that the food here is terrific.  Modern takes on French classics, presented in a way that is designed to be shared, the food is bold and delicious.  Wesley Holton is a smart and talented chef, and you should probably order two more dishes than you think you can eat, simply so you can sample more of his food.  The sense of playfulness in the food only adds to the experience.
1	there are few times in life when a person is so upset that they take all necessary means to contact the world about a terrible experience. the people at the front entrance  to rose rabbit lie have terrible customer service. I should know, I've been a bartender in this community for years and never have I been treated this way. I  approached the front door with 3 sexy ladies to get a drink at the bar. we all had purchased drinks just before at a casino bar. the doorman says he will take our drinks and we can go right in. never did he say that it will be a $120 cover charge. he dumps our drinks in the trash and we go in to be greeted with a $120 cover just to get another drink!!! if they would have let us know or gave me a heads up that would have been great but to take our drinks and then charge us as locals is a big "fuck you"i want to let everyone know that Cosmo is amazing but, rose rabbit lie is a big fucking joke unless u have some great dinner service that I will never know about...
1	Beware of automatic "Gratuity" and then an additional "Tip" added on top of that - giving them a 50%+ "Gratuity/Tip" in hopes that it will not be noticed.  When I asked about why I was being required to TIP 18% ON TOP OF AN 18% GRATUITY everyone either acted stupid or told me "you are right - that is outlandish - but we can't do anything about it".  Felt like I was raped.  I agree with "Madagascar S."!!!  We were there the night before he was.
5	What a delight! Great food, great entertainment while dining! Excited to dine there again and try being seated in a different room!
5	Had drinks and dinner at Rose Rabbit Lie while in Vegas for a trade show. One of the most unique dining experiences ever.  My wife and I enjoyed everything - atmosphere, music, cocktails and food as well as the crowd "buzz". All were exceptional and fun. We'll go back and recommend RRL to others.  A refreshing addition to the Vegas dining club scene.
5	Amazing doesnt even describe this show. Very entertaining. Interactive.  Pricey drinks though.
5	Ah. Ma. Zing. Experience. Highly recommend. All of the reviews I read are accurate. It's bizarre. I have no idea what happened. And it was awesome.  The food was incredible. I entertained senior management from my company here which was met with reviews of 'one of the best places I have ever eaten'. These guys lead charmed lives. It says something!!I was highly impressed with the food, there service, and the incredible atmosphere. You won't be disappointed. Take a chance...you'll be happy you did!
5	There's nothing else like Rose.Rabbit.Lie in vegas and its such an incredible experience! so you can totally come to this restaurant/bar/club/show without tickets, without having to wait in line, and without having your name on the guest list! you should definitely try to time your entrance though in between show times which i believe are at 8pm, 10pm, and 12am and last roughly 90 minutes. me and justin b. came in to sit at the bar for drinks around 8:45pm and were able to snag some seats and enjoy the fun. once the 8pm show let out though the bar area is packed so im glad that we had our seats and we weren't giving them up haha. while in the bar area, some of the show performers spill out and perform mini side shows which are free of charge. so sit back, relax and enjoy some awesome cocktails. shout out to April and Priscilla for taking care of us the entire night! also try some of the food! its small plates style so for a snack, we shared the short rib stroganoff and it was delicious! i would def come back for a full meal here next time. and while sitting at the bar, you may just be lucky enough to be plucked from your seat for more adventures ;)  definitely try to walk around and explore this venue. you never know who you may talk to or where you may end up like possibly as part of the paid show! haha. make sure to say hi to Piff the magic dragon and visit him in The Study for some breakfast ;) also in the study, a completely different cocktail list compared to other rooms in the venue so definitely order a drink too. a night here won't be super cheap but wouldnt you rather pay $16ish for a good, specialty cocktail than pay the same if not more at a packed nightclub for a boring vodka/cranberry?!we were lucky enough to view the midnight show as well and its nothing short of amazing! a bit of comedy, a bit of a concert, a bit of burlesque - there's an act for everyone. and then after the midnight show, the performance space opens up to a club area with a DJ. me and justin b. stayed here the entire night and didnt get bored at all! we were there for a good 5+ hours and there was something different that captured our interest. the staff and the cast of characters were all so friendly, welcoming and entertaining! the various different rooms to explore offered something new and wonderful and you just never know what you'll find around each corner. i just cannot tell you how much i loved this place! the best part is that when i go back next time, i know that it'll be a completely different/new experience than i just had and that is exciting!
5	Pros: The overall experience, friendly staff, good drinks, different roomsCons: NoneI am so sold on this place! It's hard to explain the experience that is Rose.Rabbit.Lie but I can say that I had an awesome time here and it's a little mix of everything. Kristin B. and myself had only intended to come here for a few drinks, but we ended up staying the entire night here haha. We started off in the bar area and had some amazing specialty cocktails. Then we were lucky enough to get invited to the Cloak Room twice for some entertainment that included magic tricks, drinks, confetti, and a typewriter. We also checked out the Study for some more cocktails and a $40 croissant from Pift the Magic Dragon. At midnight, we were able to catch the last show of the evening and we saw some tap dancing, beat boxing, fire eating, and comedy. After the show, we stuck around for the DJ and dancing portion of the evening too. There is just so much to do and see here and it's quite an experience to say the least.
2	Well, I had spoken with friends that had came early after their opening and they had advised that we wait as they thought it had potential but none of the kinks worked out.  So we held off coming until March.  For a town based upon entertainment and service you would two months would be enough to work out the problems, guess NOT!!We had purchased tickets for the show on Living Social.  Upon arriving we got our tickets, we had a party of six.  Our group had tickets not seated together.  We had called when purchasing the tickets and were told that if we bought them together we would be seated together, so we asked our server about it right away and he said he would speak to the ushers about it and get back to us.The hostess at the desk said that we would receive a tour once in there.  The seating hostess didn't offer us one, but when we asked she did show us around.  Cool space with a lot going for it, not as upscale as I had anticipated for the Cosmo but still pretty interesting.  There was a musical instrument of which there are only six people who know how to play it.  Problem is the dude that plays it does so when music is blasting so who knows what it sounds like.  Cool Bosch mural.  Walls that come up and down.   We were seated and our waiter immediately took our drink and dinner order and then disappeared for 25 minutes....No drinks, no food, no server, for 25 minutes....Finally we got some fresh baked rolls.  It's pretty bad if your bread takes less time to bake then your drink takes to get made.  Then some of our dishes began to come out.  Still no drinks.  The dishes were all pretty good.  Some could have used more seasoning, but I thought they were above average in taste.  Portion sizes were small (I understand it is tapas, but if you are paying 26 dollars for one tapa, I assume you get a little bit more bang for the buck).  I also expected they would be more inventive.  For the venue I was expecting really creative out of the ordinary fun dishes.  But it was pretty run of the mill upscale french bistro/tapas fusion.  Nothing too crazy, which was a let down.  Let's get Wylie in here to blow your mind.Anyways about 35 minutes in we did get our drinks.  Dishes slowly (SLOWLY) trickled out with long waits in between.  An hour into our meal, all glasses on the table were empty and no food came out for about another twenty minutes before the waiter came and took another drink order.  We asked about our seating arrangement again and he told us he was really giving it to the manager and trying to get us together.By the time the last round of food came out we had ten minutes until the show.  We had really been anticipating the desserts, but due to the complete lack of service there was simply no time.  We asked for the check.  Of course there was an added gratuity....well that explains it.  Why bother giving good service if you know you are getting your tip no matter what.  Completely boggled the mind.  Still no word on our seating situation, finally someone appeared and said it was impossible to get us together but that we were one row behind each other.  Whatever, at this point we just wanted to make the show.  The show was amusing, but like other reviews, the living social ticket apparently gets you stuck off in the corner where you can't see certain aspects of it.  The best part was.....the entire row was empty excluding our party of four and a couple.  There were eight empty seats between us.  We didn't want to stand up in the middle of the show and move, but seriously!!!Anyways, overall we dropped a grand at this place for a party of six.  NOT WORTH IT in my opinion.  Maybe eat somewhere else (tapas at Jaleo?) and come for the show, but I would save my money and go see Absinthe.  Much funnier!  And I would NOT recommend eating there.  You could get much better meals at the other top notch restaurants at the Cosmo for much less.  The service is atrocious, the food is predictable and the show while enjoyable, not worth the money without the living social ticket.
5	This is a review for the 8pm show: 5 stars!  I was told the shows are different so I wanted yelpers to know which show I am reviewing. I loved it!  Entertaining and absolutely beautiful. Superb performers with the amazing ambiance and fantastic cocktails!  I would highly recommend it and plan to spend another evening out for the 10pm show.  It is filled with a variety of acts. All were unexpected but very well done. It's a very intimate setting so it was nice that most acts had a small number of performers. There is no bad seat in the house. Go early so you can take in the atmosphere. It's stunning and very sexy. I believe it is fit for all ages but you must be 21 because of the alcohol.  I recommend the cocktails... They were balanced and true to mixology. Note: I have not had dinner there but this will happen soon. I have high holes for the food bc the cocktails were excellent. If there's this much attention to detail, I have faith that the food will not let me down!
5	I must after making my second trip to Rose, I think this place is amazing! The ambiance, concept, staff and show make this place. It feels like a speak easy.Having to experience booth doing dinner at 8pm and then show at 10pm VS show at 8pm and dinner at 10pm, if recommend doing the dinner first. That way if you enjoy dinner a little too like which you will you can do desert at the show in the booths. Dinner is definitely a great culinary concept, with small share plates ranging from salads, stuff guyuer, to rabbit, to fio gra, to deviled eggs they make some super delicious dishes. And then there is the show, which is funny and amazing at the same time. Now I still here the absinthe show is a little bit better but the whole ambiance with it being like a speak easy and drinks makes this a different concept to me then anything else in Vegas. Coodoos to then creators!
1	Big Disappoinment!  I saw all the great reviews and purchased tickets for myself and a friend.   10pm show.  No food. No alcohol.  They added extra seats where there should have been cocktail tables... as if there was going to be cocktail services (which there was not)The tap dancers and cloggers were great but the rest of the show was YAWN.  For the ticket price I could have gone to much better shows!
5	Loved everything about this place, takes you away from the club scene of the strip, with a very laid back vibe, that then turns into a club setting. What I loved most were the random entertainment that stops everything and changes the scene once again. Everything from singing to almost naked old ladies lol loved it, I would definitely come back
2	The main show was amazing.  But dinner fell flat.  Service was lack luster and unobservant.  And why the LET tax at dinner ($45.00 for 3 pax) on top of the price of the tickets which we paid for separately???  $600+ for 3 people plus the price of the show - not so much.....  My recommendation - skip dinner and just do the show...
4	Rose.Rabbit.Lie was a delightfully awesome show. Created by the same producers as Absinthe they calmed down the crazily offensive humour and ripping on the audience that was the main course of Absinthe and made it what it should be all about themselves. They still involve the audience a little but its much much calmer.The room is also much more comfortable, its inside and you don't spend half the night staring up into the spotlights. The acts/performances were great. They mixed in some funny jokes and misdirection to pull your attention away from the stage between sets. I thought it was well done.The start of the show was out in the bar area and it was a crazy confusing and well done performance from a Janelle Mona dopleganger. The lady could sing and I missed about 8 minutes of the fiasco going on around me as I tried  to determine if she was an impersonator or the actual celebrity. If you are interested by all means go and pay for VIP seats. For the extra money you get a box of popcorn for one set!
4	I liked the 8pm show so much I went to the 10pm show.  10pm show: 4.5 starsA little slow to start but still a great show. The photo shown is from the 10pm show.  I've heard mixed reviews, but my preference is the 8pm show but both were great.  Performers were excellent and both were very entertaining.  I will be back to check out the food.    My drink was just ok this time... I had something with orange and foam.  The foams was too thick and didn't taste very good.  It was too overpowering in the drink.  I will not order that one again, but the Monte Carlo (which is what I had the first time) was exactly what I would expect.
5	Me and a few others went to the 12AM show Saturday night and were blown away!! First of all they have a very private and upscale lounge setting. Once you're in you are instantly immersed into a special Las Vegas experience.  The Bar tenders make some excellent drinks, I liked the selection of Scotch, El Diablo and the Espresso Martini (Energy Boost with a kick). The show was like nothing I have seen before and they have the most incredible talent! I don't want to spoil anything or put any expectations in your minds. Just take a tip from me and go! Singing, Comedy, Dancing, Gymnasts, some Topless acts and much more,  Reminder: After the 30 min show the place turns into a fun DJ dance club.
4	Funny, entertaining, adult oriented show. The seating where we were was comfortable, but some seats were folding chairs. Drinks were good but a little pricy. They have food, but not all seating is eater friendly.
5	This is really a difficult place to review! All that I keep wanting to write is AMAZING... AMAZING...AMAZING!So, obviously I enjoyed the show. It is such an incredible social event. It's an eclectic group of performers. From tap to beat boxing, comedy routines to acrobatics. This joint is a 4 in one place. There's a dinner option, a bar, the show, and the last show turns into a night club. There is not a SECOND of dullness. During dinner a cast member  may just hop on the piano while a lovely lady jumps on the piano and serenades the dinner crowd with a rendition of   Robin Thicke's "blurred lines". You MUST experience this whether you're a local or just visiting Las Vegas!
5	Just the right amount of wrong. That about sums this place up. I was expecting a typical crowded dance club with loud music and annoying people spilling drinks all over the place, but was pleasantly surprised with an indescribable experience. It was one of those times I wanted to scream at my friends, "You have to see this for yourself!" since describing it in words did not seem to do the place justice.You first enter a high ceilinged foyer and proceed into a darker room with a small stage on the right. Booths and small tables stand anxiously only a few feet away from the stage as sitting onlookers watch the double jointed break dancer move on this stage in ways that made his body look like Gumby, totally boneless! This stage wrapped around all the way to the other side into a much larger auditorium type room with comfy leather seats wrapped around in a semi circle around the other half of the stage, but this side has a catwalk protruding from the stage,The circular part of the stage rotates. A talented female beat boxer was shooting out rhymes faster than Kanye West ever would it seemed while the stage was spinning and the break dancer continued the dance moves. Bring on green frog, a man in half a chicken suit, an Asian fairy with "pixie dust" that looked a lot like cocaine but maybe it was just sugar, dancers dressed in Steampunk suits or lack there of. There was definitely no separation from the performers and the audience. Everyone was mixed into the action. The energy was fun and lively and didn't stop there.There are two bars straddling the sides of the auditorium type room and as we got drinks, an elegant ballerina/acrobat came out and balanced upsidedown while holding her weight biting down on a pole and shot a compound bow hitting an arrow straight through the target on the opposite end of the catwalk - Crazy Cirque du Soleil type unbelievable act! A fire eater dazed everyone with dancing and playing with fire while a remixed version of Audioslave's Cochise was playing in the background only moments later. Then, a blonde first dressed in baggy janitor wear, stripped down to a beautiful blue glittery prom style gown, and then to almost nothing but tassels, while dazzling with more dancing. Then there was an act with slapping hands on a table with powder and more dancing. A strip tease occurred pulling a member from the audience to sit on the chair in front of everyone, but just when things got interesting, we learn, it was meant for something else. Totally random shtuff... I'm not sure exactly how much time passed, but suddenly the walls closed splitting the auditorium type room and the other side, and you are forced to go to the auditorium type room to continue the fun. The catwalk disappears and suddenly the place is now a true dance club. A beautiful DJ dressed on Baroque era elegant clothing with high standing wig and all remixes and plays what seems to be everyone's favorite song at some point from Nirvana remix to today's hits to 90s R&B-Rap - everything was hit. To break the monotony of traditional, performers would randomly enter the center of the dance floor and start swing dancing, or a band would play sick drum solos or that tall handsome guy would rap tribute "Let Me Clear my Throat," while everyone screamed with excitement and got down. Even the song, "Don't Stop Believing" by Journey came on. My hubby absolutely hates clubs and reportedly tells people that this was one of the best nights he's had and would return again. He, who I literally have to drag out to make an appearance, actually really loved this place. I am impressed!! It was just us and my hubby's best friend and his wife. The four of us had a blast and all thanks to @brian_t_at_marquee_lasvegas for introducing us to this place!  Rose.Rabbit.Lie and Brian T provided us with an unforgettable "what the hell is going on?" type of fun night!
4	Like everyone else, I asked myself "What the heck is a Rose. Rabbit. Lie?" Interesting name and interesting concept of a lounge/club/restaurant/show all in one. It's a little bit of everything and it all kind of blurs into each other. Something about the energy of The Cosmopolitan that really stands apart of from the other casinos on the strip. I always tell my friends that it's my favorite for the fact it's branded as lavish, luxe and stylish. With the inclusion of one of the hottest acts in Bruno Mars at The Chelsea and their massive nightclub w/ Marquee... it's only right they have their own special variety show tailored to the casino with Rose. Rabbit. Lie. I was a little late to grab food at their restaurant so instead my friend and I decided to just check out the 10pm show. Just the line itself felt like a club atmosphere and it's neat to be surrounded by people who dress nice. It's tough to NOT dress it up when coming to the Cosmo. Anyways, upon entering I really enjoyed the atmosphere and set up of the bars on the side, the show front in center, and the slight intimacy it exudes. To me it truly FEELS like a 40's & 50's variety show in a shnazzy place in downtown NYC... I dig it! One thing for sure is if you want to get a drink... better pony up some of those blackjack winnings! For a glass of wine it was about $18 each before tips. Yikes! But it's appropriate to have a glass during the show I'll say. As for the performances... right off the bat we get a nude magician. SURPRISEEEEE! Yes, this show is not for kids.  Not the most overly complicated trick I've ever seen and I knew exactly how she did it. but it still was pretty entertaining to see boobs (and bottoms) from the get go. Way to wake the audience up from their expensive drinks! Out of the entire show my two favorite acts were music & rhythm based... the crackhead hand drummers and the tap dancers. I truly adore great talent and these two acts displayed wonderful energy and charisma in their numbers. They literally tore the roof down... loved it when they all paired up alongside the beat boxer for a pretty cool and unique music ensemble. Overall, the show's a fun experience and is a blend of the other two variety shows in town. It has the quirky fun of V the Variety Show, the adult humor & content of Absinthe, and the sprinkle of class to give it its own touch. Yes I'd recommend it but I hear different time slots have different performers so you may feel cheated if you didn't get the naked magician! :)
5	I did the entire experience and I had a blast! I came in for dinner around 8 and sat in one of the dining rooms where some of the performers from the show interacted with us. I ordered the caviar tacos (osetra upgrade), the uni perciatelli, the foie gras torchon and duck fat fries, as well as the bone marrow. Everything was delicious. The wine pairings were great too. Then I went to the 10:00 Nocturne show, which I absolutely loved. It was raunchy and entertaining. We stayed for the 12am show and danced a little after. I really recommend the whole experience and I loved it most of all because it was a small and intimate place, and I promise you will never get bored here!
5	I came here for a drink at the bar. EXCELLENT selection on tap at decent prices. EXCELLENT bartenders. But wait....the entertainment was...hard to describe in a word. Picture yourself amidst 1920's Berlin decadence combined with vaudeville. I was only at the bar, and did not see the shows inside...prices seem kinda stiff, but may worth it for a special occasion. I did see "absinthe" few years back and thought it was quite good. This place is fun by the same guy... he is a fucking creative genius. Really on the level of a mozart, or picasso. Rose Rabbit is the only good thing about the cosmopolitan which is an overhyped, times square tourist trap. Actually the swing band at the chandelier bar is pretty good too. btw, I was here right after they opened so i don't know if it has gotten better or worse (which often happens with these places)
5	Might be the best dining experience I ever had. Went with a pal and we shared several dishes on the menu. Received a complimentary dish from the chef. Drinks were pretty spendy but very good. Random entertainment was wonderful. Will definitely be back again.
5	I think the intrigue of this place is part of it's magic,After reading reviews, looking at pictures, going to their website,NOTHING prepares you for what you experience here.  Did dinner and the show with friends.  I have lived in Vegas for over 15 years and I will say this is by far the most unique night I have ever had.   Food was amazing, atmosphere was great, service was perfect.  It is a living art piece.  Sounds, smells, tastes, visuals.  Every sense is satisfied.  The performers are magnificent.  The show was fun and fully entertaining.I will return as will everyone in my party of four.
2	oh, i forgot to mention that they HIRE  people to dance on the dance floor. LOL!that's how you know it's bad. :|
5	Truly an amazing sensory experience, the performance plays with sound and sight in entertaining ways. If your sense of humor doesn't air on the side of sophistication ( a la Monty Python), this may not be the slap stick show you're looking to enjoy. I was in tears from laughter on several occasions. The restaurant is visually stunning and the meal (presentation included) was over the top delightful. Plates are tiny and meant to share. Cocktails were lovely. Truly a NYC style social club with all the hidden allure from stepping through the first set of doors. Can't wait to catch a later performance!
5	**ADDENDUM NOCTURNE SHOW NO LONGER RUNNING**There is no real way to describe or emote what this experience is like.  Definitely do dinner and a show, I recommend watching both first and second show. Dip into some of their elixirs and let the night take you.  I was fortunate enough to see all 3 acts in one night.  We did it up VIP style for a bachlorette.  The food was beautiful, savory, inspired and thought provoking.  The elixirs were potent and complimented the show if that makes any sense.  The entertainers were intimate and mind blowing. The only way I can really give you a feel is by using random words which is pretty much how the experience felt like.Burlesque,contortion,tap dance,beatbox,dragon,Mr.Piffles,cavier,ceramic head full of desserts,champagne,elixir,bathtub+male aerialist,splash zone,ping pong balls,cloggers on cocaine,archery,music,alcohol,beef wellington,murkin and a whole bunch of WTF!Just Go!...Get a bunch of your fellow scaliwaggers and go deep,dirty,Creepy Mcnasty style...this place will not disappoint.
2	I probably would have liked this place more if I were a foodie or if I had stayed for the Nocturne show. I went for a drink with friends, who were staying for the late show. I asked for a fun mocktail and received a raspberry lemonade. Not impressive, bartender. I expected more because the Chandelier Bar in the same hotel completely impressed me with their mocktails. The bar room was cute, but since nothing happened while I was there, I just felt overcharged.
4	A friend of mine had some clients in town who wanted to see a new show on the strip.  There have been some really great buzz going around town about this show and so I wanted to check it out.  Plus, it's in the Cosmo, so DUH!Once you enter the Cosmopolitan from valet, the entrance is right up the first escalators.  After giving the security guards your ticket, you're taken in the first room: a hostess station room.  You'll notice lots of different doors.  Omg, I felt like I was in an episode of Alice in Wonderland.  We showed our tickets and was whisked away to the bar area up the stairs.  The layout was pretty rad.  Two bars on either side of the room.  There was a section with oversize chairs in a half moon stadium seating layout. The middle was a revolving stage and some trapdoor staging.  We were in for a great treat! At the bar, I decided to get the Moscow Mule for around $10.  Such a cool thing, it was on tap!  The flavor was great! I must say it was probably the best Moscow Mule I've ever had.  The garnish was a couple of candied ginger pieces.  Great touch to the drink and really brought out the ginger flavor.  The actual show was pretty awesome!  Without giving away the entire show, I really enjoyed the montage of different acts and talents.  My favorite were the twin tap dancers. They were on point! There was a little bit of comedy, suspense and a whole lot of personality!  I highly recommend this place!After the show, we were taken to another room called the Study.  It was another bar area/lounge set up like a home library.  The cool thing was that some of the performers actually engaged in the audience in this room.  My only problem was the server there. I don't know her name but she was a little rude to our table.  At one point, one of my friends was a little loud and she "cut" him off as he seemed inebriated.  Funny part was, HE WAS OUR DESIGNATED DRIVER!  Bad call on her part, but not the complete end to our lovely evening.  If you're looking for a show that's intimate, fun and a little weird, you've gotta try this place out! Don't be a prude, pay the $120 bill, because you will realize that it's really worth it!
3	I ended up at Rose. Rabbit. Lie. on a Friday night for a friends birthday. We had all purchased the Living Social deal. We were seeing the 10 o'clock showing and arrived early to pick up our tickets at will call.There was an immediate smile on my face when we entered the bar. My first impression of this place was that it reminded me of the newer version of the Great Gatsby movie. There was a small band playing a swing/jazz cover of Macklemore which was great, and there was an act going on right next to them. A girl, 3 legs, and a suitcase. I won't spoil too much here. It was tightly packed and the rooms are dark and intimate. A peek at the drink list was interesting. I ended up paying $16 for a cocktail.  I'm not even going to get into how overpriced this place was. You're on the strip, you know the routine. Even the flatbread pizza has caviar on it, if you see where I'm going with this. The show started promptly, and if you have a Living Social coupon, you end up getting seated on folding chairs which were not as uncomfortable as we expected. People around us were ordering food at their tables and I have to admit, everything smelled absolutely delicious.As far as the show goes, it was a fun experience... but I honestly felt bored at times. Particularly by the main announcer and his sidekick. If you have seen Absinthe (if you haven't, GO!) you will definitely see the physical similarities. They just did not have the same charisma and charm as The Gazillionaire and Penny Pibbets, the 2 hosts of Absinthe. The show is created by Spiegelworld, who also created Absinthe which is why I am comparing the two. Certain acts seemed to really drag on and brought moderate chuckles from our group. Don't get me wrong, the show is still a must see and there were wonderful performances, including LOTS of tap dancing, and a very beautiful and talented beat boxer. My absolute favorite act was the 2 performers with chinese yo-yo's. If you have the money to see multiple shows on the strip, then by all means go and experience this place. The decor, music, and entertainment is truly fantastic, but I felt as though the marketing really tries to push that this is a new "social experiment" thing. It's a fun bar, with a great vibe. The roaming performers is really interesting, but that's about all there is to say about it. Multiple rooms is not really all that innovative, especially considering the Cosmo's own nightclub Marquee does a great job at doing the exact same thing, just sans performers. The layout here is also an absolute nightmare.Overall, I feel they were attempting to mock and/or pay tribute to cheezey lounge acts, but a lot of the time it was mostly cheezey. So, yeah, if your budget's tight but you're still looking for burlesque, lounge acts and hilarious/crass humor, Absinthe is really the show to go to.
1	Luis is a rude self righteous doorman. These people think they are hot shit. Worst club ever.
1	Probably the most pathetic place I have ever been. Bouncers think that being a bouncer is really important. Getting inside is like accomplishing absolutely nothing. Nothing to see. Nothing to do. Guys with big egos and small ....  Go somewhere else.
5	My fiance and I went for our anniversary and we weren't disappointed.  We started in the restaurants and the food was nothing short of amazing. Then we went from bar to bar and tried all of their specialty cocktails. Everything is handmade and crafted precisely.Then we went to the show and it was just the right amount of quirky and intriguing. It is a variety show so if you're not into it this definitely won't be for you but we loved it. It was a great night and while we won't go back to see the show we will most definitely be back for food and drinks!
3	My husband and I were early to the show so we had  a cocktail in the study. The cocktail was good albeit overpriced at $18. We went to the midnight show and thought it would be  more racy but we weren't shocked by any of the acts. Some were very good but I guess we were expecting a variety show more along  the lines of Absinthe but more salacious. After the 30 minute show, a baroque looking DJ played music that  was more techno, not our style. Based on other reviews, I  thought we would see things going on in the different rooms, but we didn't, maybe that happens after 2 a.m.
1	Nice atmosphere, nice try...terrible service, mediocre food. Sorry. Was expecting a higher standard of hospitality in a place like this.We were ushered in like VIPs and then completely forgotten. We have now been sitting here for 30 minutes staring at our empty glasses and dirty plates waiting on our second course. Any expectations set by the standard of service at the door have not been met. Great job, host stand! Not so much everyone else.Oh and now they just brought our first course for the second time. It just gets better and better. Our glasses are still empty. The seat numbers have been wrong, the coursing has been ass-backwards...oh god...I do this for a living and I feel like an asshole. I'm embarrassed about how upsetting this is and that is just not an emotion I should be feeling in a place of this caliber and price tag. Holy moly this is bad.
4	Great food, fun fun experience. Service is the pits! Hope they get better at service because I love this place.
5	I came here for a special event and I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND all my friends to come here. The experience was so different I couldn't stop talking about it all night. I don't want to ruin the experience for people, but all I can say is "food & entertainment" was GREAT!!
4	We went to see the show on a Saturday night, 10pm. We got 2 tickets off Living Social with 10% off for $134, then discounted to $120.602 drinks- Pisco Punch - Watermelon Apple$40- Doors open 15min prior to show time. Before we watched the show, we got a couple drinks that were pretty good but really expensive. A small cocktail was about $20. We got 2. There was a lot of alcohol in the drink so we sipped in for about 30 min to finish it. Not too fruity. - We got our tickets an 1.5hr earlier before the show started and we got pretty good seats. I didn't have to move around because of someone's big head. - The chairs were pretty close together, no personal space, but manageable. - The show was entertaining. I'd say the most memorable performance was the tap dancing. The twins had a lot of energy - There was a beat boxer which was amazing. - Another Tap dancing couple. They started with their hands and then using both hands and feet. They battled the tap dancing guys which was really fun to watch.- Piff the magic dragon was pretty funny. Disappearing dog trick. - There was also a guy that took off a lot of underwear....haha- Contortionist was out of this world. - There was also this other performance where this lady stripped butt naked. She'd have this red cloth it would disappear then reappear. How she did it, boggles my mind. LOL - Some acrobatic acts and a yo-yo performance that was fantastic! - It seemed more like a variety show and at the end, you can either leave or stick around and lounge. - Still don't understand why it's called what it is, but I'd recommend that you should see it. You get to throw a bunch of ping pong balls at everyone at the end. LOL. It gets wild.
1	What was that? We went in to sit at the bar at about 12AM, after the show which we did not see. This 'club' has the tackiest atmosphere in comparison to other clubs in Vegas. The music was great for a 'hoppin' wedding, yet did not even come close to comparing to main clubs on the strip. We did not go for the show or food, and left after 20 minutes as it was stuffy and just bad.
3	I had originally bought a $30 ticket to see the midnight show of Vegas Nocturne (standing room only), but luckily I got a promotional offer for two complimentary tickets, so I used them to see the other two shows at 7:30 and 9:30 as well. I watched all three shows back to back.The first two shows were quite good, with my favorite being the first one -- it had more circus-style performances, whereas the second show had more rhythm/beatbox and dance performances. I found the first show a little funnier and more engaging, although both were entertaining, and both shows had a different set of acts, with no overlap between them. I'd give 4 stars to the 7:30 show, and 3.5 stars to the 9:30 show (rated as if I'd paid full price for the tickets).  For the 7:30 show I sat in row E, which is the first elevated row -- it has an excellent view, but the chairs in this row are folding chairs, so you give up a bit of comfort.  Each show lasts about 90 minutes. Oh, and don't expect any storyline to these shows -- they're mostly a series of unrelated acts.I expected the midnight show to be similar, but it had only about 30 minutes of acts, with some repeats from the first two shows, and then they opened the floor for dancing. I stayed another 30 minutes and called it quits. I give the midnight show only 2.5 stars, even though it was "only" $30 for a standing room ticket.Drinks are expensive -- I paid $19 plus tip for a Bacardi 8 and Coke.
5	Seen it the second time and this time I had an opportunity to actually grab food. In short yes it's expensive but what do you expect? It's Vegas and the COSMO! I ended up getting the lobster cocktail and the superrrrrr delicious bone marrow (it'a a must have!) Ended up spending well over $125 before tips on the meals and several drinks. For me? It was worth it! I probably would've ordered more if hadn't my date and I didn't eat a few hours earlier. During our food we also we treated to some performances at our bar... think Coyote Ugly with actual talent. As for the entertainment,  I decided to catch the 12 Oclock show. The midnight show doesn't have the full scale production of the early shows but I still loved it... probably slightly more. It's more raw, a little less cheesy with the acting and goes right into the super (and multi) talented performers. The performer in me really enjoys the collaborative aspect of performance... when Butterscotch (who I feel is the superstar of Vegas Nocturne)  the immensely talented Beat boxer/singer/beat maker  gets involved with the other performers it's a real treat. Again the tap dancers and table drummers always end up getting the crowd's loudest applause and even from me the second time. Just amazing acts with great showmanship. I seen a few new acts this time including the fire artist and the contortionist that shot an arrow in a ridiculous position. The update gets a new star because I really enjoy the entire premise of Rose Rabbit Lie and Vegas Nocturne. I'm sure it's not the first of it's kind but it's the only of it's kind in Vegas and It's such a pleasure to be fed and entertained in a lavish way!
5	Went here with my brother, We got tickets to the 7:30 show. Got to the show and was blown away by the first act. Started off slow because we had no idea what it was. A feather and branches..hmmm well at the end it was amazing!. Rest of the show was stellar. After the show hung out...and this is the story:After the show we funneled out to the main bar . As we arrived one of the characters got on top of the bar and started dancing and singing. Ok pretty neat. After this we sat down "behind the main stage just to see the whole setup. Whats cool is you can see everything that's going on, multiple things. We had a drink and was approached by one of the cast members, who asked us a question. I guess we answered it ok because she asked us to follow her to a "secret room".  Inside we were asked to help with a book that needed to be written. We finished this improv and was asked to come back later on to page our condolences to phish the angel their goldfish who had died. Now keep in mind this part of the "show" was personal and more of a one on one show. I've never heard or seen anything like this. Later that night again we were approached to come with the actor and enter the same room but this time thru another "secret door". There is more to this but i don't want to ruin it for ya.. When I go again I will hang out to see if anything else will happen. It was amazing,
4	This place is still as good as the last time I went to it.So good, in fact, that we ended our night there both nights we were in Vegas. Sure, some of the performances were repeated. but we didn't care.I love the crazy wigged DJ they always have. The drink tickets this time were for a delicious vodka fruity drink they called The Devil Inside. It was awesome. And two drink tickets for each girl was great.The first night we came in, we didn't have a promoter so we lied about our names on guest list because the front staff practically showed us the list. We got in no problem.The second night we came much later, probably about 1 am. A promoter stopped us on the first story of the hotel and asked us if we were on the guest list, we weren't, so he led us up there and we got in under his name. Score.The only bad thing about Rose Rabbit Lie for me is that the music is like old school mixed with EDM. I don't like old music very much. It's not as easy for me to dance to. So I was dancing a lot less here.But overall, I really like Rose Rabbit Lie. We'll be coming here a lot more in the future too.
5	We kinda only went to this because we were given free tickets, and it was for the early show. We loved it! We laughed so hard. You never know what is going to happen next. It's stupid funny, knee slapper kinda laugh. We only went to the show, so I can not speak about the food. But show alone it worth it. If I knew what it was going to be like, I would have no prob paying for tickets!!! Go see!!!
4	Went to the midnight show. Cost $30 per person and lasted about 39 minutes. Very hip and enjoyable place. Drinks are very expensive. About $25 per on average. Great vibe.  Recommend  a visit the show was a lot of fun and left us wanting more.
5	After living in Vegas for 3+ years things start to look the same on the strip. Same vibe, same crowd, same food. R.R.L is intriguing because no one really knows what the heck it is due to the vague advertisements calling it a "social experiment."As soon as this place opened I put it on my "list" of things to do because the curiosity was enticing. There was a Groupon for the show so my roomie & I purchased and went for the 9pm show. We made dinner reservations for 815pm so we could try the food as well. The atmosphere is contagious. The attention to detail is amazing. We were seated and had a delicious dinner as various acts happened around us through the hour. During dinner random man comes to our table, hands my roommate a card and tells her to "make sure the magic dragon gets this" and leaves. WTH? All of the food which is tapas style was good. I got a moscow mule and my roomate picked another signature drink, both yummy. We also decided to do a shot of absinthe each, the vibe of the place just called for it! After that we were ready. At 855 we were ushered into the show room and watched the show which was awesome. Variety. Loved it. We liked it so much we stayed for the midnight show which is a DIFFERENT show. There is a person named butterscotch who is very talented. There are 7 rooms in the establishment (one of which is VIP ONLY). We saw all 7 :) We found the magic dragon who did an fancy card trick for us & we got to hold his puppy Puffin.Fun experience. Check it out if you have a chance.
3	The food was solid 4 stars, the atmosphere quite unique.  The cocktails were superb but if you're a lightweight, ask the waiter for the appropriate modifications.  My girly ginger filled cocktail was super strong!  The chef of rose.rabbit.lie should separate himself from the entertainment (separate ticket needed for show called nocturne)The show nocturne did not do the cuisine justice and was a collection of street acts with exception of the exceptional female rapper and twin tappers.  The rest you could see on the street or some off-strip late night cheap show.Don't pay for premium tix, the entire room is small enough that you see the same thing from the back as you do from front row.  I'd go for $25 for the rapper and tappers but skip the rest.
5	You can't miss this if you're in Vegas. Loved every second of it. We went to the 7:30 PM Nocturne show.....AMAZING. We had front row so we got to see everything up close. The opening wait was jaw dropping. The whole show was just fun. Had such a great time. We had dinner in the music bar after the show and enjoyed ourselves so much. Dinner is served tapas style which is perfect for me. We decided to order the tuna, calamari with chorizo, duck confit pasta, brussels sprouts with crispy chicken skins and beef stroganoff. We weren't impressed with the tuna. I love the calamari salad with squid ink. Hubby was not a fan at all. Our favorite had to be the duck confit pasta. It was just perfect. The beef stroganoff had tender short ribs with a mushroom puree that was divine.  Dinner (food only) was about $100. Not too bad for Vegas.I loved the fun drinks. I had the pisco punch which had a nice pineapple taste. I also tried the monkey gland which had to be my favorite.  I think it was the orange foam and fresh lime zest. I think the drinks were a little pricey ($16 average) but they were strong. There were entertainers coming through during dinner. Kept it interesting. We decided to stay for the nightclub to open. There's no additional charge if you stay for the club to open around 12:30 after their last show. The place was packed and the skinny cute girly DJ was full of energy. Love the live music between the beats. It's an experience. Had such a fun night.  Can't wait to go back again.
5	I don't know if we just lucked out on a good night of acts but I liked it better than Absinthe!We went on a Wednesday for the 8:00 show. I don't want to give anything away so I won't name the acts, it ruins the surprise factor. Besides I took an oath.We had some drinks from the bar at the show, The Washington Apple and The Whisky Smash. Both were excellent drinks, the apple was more on the sweet side. Yes they are pricey drinks but what show drinks aren't expensive, at least your getting a well made drink by someone that knows what they are doing.Before the show I felt like I couldn't tell cast from guests, there were some characters in the audience that made for good people watching. Things and people for the show are being pushed around, readying for the show as you wander around looking for the bathroom. There's just so much eye stimulation going on.Our seats weren't that hot but we didn't pay for them so I wasn't complaining. +1 for not having to sit on those folding chairs. (My boney ass is thankful)After the show we went over to the restaurant/bar to check it out. It was packed. A band plays while some of the show's cast put on a show of their own before the next show starts. There were a lot of people eating and at the bar drinking.I definitely want to check it out again, maybe even sit down for dinner. Let's make it a family tradition!
2	The show was lacking in a lot of ways. I thought it was going to be an amazing, interactive performance that would leave me talking about it for days (as other shows in vegas have), but honestly the "secret" advertisement is misleading. It was a variety show, with a series of circus and musical acts, with no real plot line. There is some real talent, but the acts were all so random. the story line could have been developed more. "Nocturne" gives you the sense that it is mysterious, enchanting, creepy..i did not get that feeling at all. It is light & silly humor not worth paying as much as we did. Drinks are OVERPRICED too!
5	I see you RRL! Its an amazing speakeasy meets cirque meets absinth concept, and definitely is a social experiment. I took advantage of the show special they advertised on Living Social and I took my sister her for her birthday. There are two shows that they do. The LATE show is supposedly MORE PROVOCATIVE  and the EARLY show isn't provocative but definitely has those SEXUAL INNUENDOS. I would like to see the late show just to see the difference.At the show I was very impressed. Super interactive and very engaging with the audience. The show is also very intimate. The audience gets a very close look at the show so you can never really get a bad seat. Just think, they're passing audiences popcorn, giving you shower curtains during splash zone, or pieces of chocolate. I mean..it was LEGIT. The acts aren't boring at all. The hook of the show is pretty cool and definitely works for the place. My favorite acts:BONE BALANCING GODDESSDANCE DUETCONTORTIONISTOther acts I saw that was "ok":MAGIC TRICK (even though I got picked to go up.) You can't TRICK me into liking the magic trick just because a cute dog is in it! (like my pun?) I think being picked to help with the trick killed it for me ONLY because I was snooping around trying to figure out the trick.MAN IN TUB: Aerial straps. Ok it is pretty cool and sexy, but after you see the Atherton Twins from Zarkana do the aerial straps, it's kind of like no matter how wet he is, he still doesn't fly as high...WALKING THE BORDER: same as above.We went to the show and stayed later to watch more mini acts at the bar, in which we ended up staying for a good 4 hours. We ordered that TERRARIUM thing. It's very pretty AND cool, but at some point eating flowers isn't that great anymore. :( But I did love eating the dirt which is a mixture of choco mousse, brownies, cake, and what tastes like Ferrero Rocher. I'd buy this for someone if it's a special occassion (because they put a candle in it), but not worth the $35. Invest in on the caviar tacos.The cappuccino is also probably the best cap I've ever tasted. Extra dry and foamy. Bold and full. Perfect night cap (that's a pun too).==here is a good tip==People get confused if you HAVE to watch the show to experience the experiment. NO YOU DON'T. You can eat there, or have drinks, or just watch the show. You don't HAVE to do all three. To watch the show you do have to walk into the bar and wait around until show time (so you can choose to go early or stay later after the show see more).They do small mini shows throughout the place like every 15 minutes. So it's like watching a smaller version of the actual paid show. So, if you only plan on drinking or eating and not watching the show, just go up to the hostess and tell her. Left side is for dining and right side is for the bar/show.
4	I came with the fiance, April D. and her hubby Doug. We walk into a room of doors and shown the door to the showroom. I really think the presentation of the different rooms is fun and impactful. We grabbed some drinks and while they are $14-16 a cocktail, they are quite delicious.  We got the whiskey smash which was refeshing and the monte carlo that brought out the best in the whiskey. We sat down and thankfull were seated on the bench instead of the foldup. The Fiance and I were a bit hungry so we ordered the caviar and egg flatbread. There isn't a full service here for food but we were able to go pick up our food at the bar when ready and bring to our table. It was good combination of flavors and nice crisp and light texture, but a bit skimpy on toppings. The show was inappropriate and fun as expected. I think the people in it are awesome as they have the best emotes and really sell their character. After the show they usher you through the bar where a live band plays. The awesome thing is the people in the show perform little solo acts here. We saw three before they stopped and did curtain call for the next show. This place is fun and doesnt take itself so seriously.  It's a great dinner and show place that actually doesnt suck and is tired. I like this show because family tradition #3 is near and dear to my heart. I will be back probably to see a midnight show and more of those drinks. It would be a great spot to bring visiting damoly to show them a better side of "on the strip" options.
3	I agree with everything that people have said in terms of the positives. BUT, be aware that the restaurant charges the "L.E. Tax" of 10% to your entire bill, on top of the sales tax. What is the "L.E. Tax" you ask? Perhaps some sort of transportation tax used to help pay for the monorail or some other city municipal service? Nope-- I asked the server, and he explained that it's a "Live Entertainment Tax" that the restaurant imposes to pay for the performers you see during your dinner. Wait, the same performers who are performing in the show next door that I just paid $135 to see? And why is this a tax if it's not a government charge? Well, they're actually just charging you 10% more for everything on the menu without telling you, and taking the money. Really sleazy, in my opinion. They should just charge 10% more for the food if they really need that money... at least you know how much you're paying for a dish, then.
3	The show is amazing and I absolutely loved it. The drinks are also incredible. Their ice is a thing of beauty and makes the drinks even better.However, dinner was overpriced and the portions were outrageously small. It's tapas style but it took us $100 per person (not including drinks) to get full. And we really are not big portion eaters normally. But their portions were tiny, tiny. I was disappointed in the food. But can't wait to go see the show again, and get a drink. Not a place I would dine at again...
5	I've completely bought into the hype.  The shows are fantastic, we watched the 10 pm (long) one and the shorter midnight show the same night and each was completely different.  The show isn't a play, it's more of little vignettes where 1, or 2, or 3, or many people come out and perform a 10-minute bit.  Bite sized shows.  The entertainment can completely span the gamut from amusing to compelling to impossible.  One of the employees said we would have to see the show no less than 6 times to feel like we've seen all the acts.  The "SHHHH" nature of Rose Rabbit Lie totally did it for me.  We had no idea what to expect and no one would tell us!  It's a restaurant, and a bar, and it's gorgeous, and there are private rooms, and it's dinner theater, and you "have to go to experience it."  And it's "unexplanable."  I want to keep that hype going for you throughout this review.Yes the food is expensive.  All of the Cosmo's food is expensive.  But here you're not just paying for gourmet, you're paying for EXCLUSIVITY.  You're here because you want to feel like THIS IS HOW THE OTHER HALF LIVE.  And you do!  Check it out, each person's menu is only for that person, and then it is thrown away.  The menu is wax sealed on parchment and once you break the seal, it's your menu.  You may keep it or they will trash it.  The silverware is ornate and has an ivy design carved into it.  There are little pewter animals that come out with the tapas for you to rest your silverware on.  You can order anything, literally, anything - off menu, blend the entrees, and it will be prepared.  The design styling is DIVINE.  Every last detail has been noticed, agonized over, and purposefully placed.  And no one tells you "no." Wander anywhere you want, sit anywhere you want, I decided I wanted to meet Butterscotch, the fantastic beautiful beatboxer/MC and so she came down and took a picture with me.  I also met the "twin" boys who tapdance on your dinner table, they're actually cousins, I met their uncle as well.  Seriously, anything goes.THE SHOW: I don't want to give anything away, and really mere words cannot do it justice.  Believe the hype and bring your pocketbook and prepare to have an unforgettable evening.  If you can't handle the prices eat somewhere else and come here for cocktails, or ORDER THE GARDEN DESSERT.  Just to give you a taste, I was rewarded with a firey redhead who strips down to nipple tassels and a woman who could shoot a bullseye with a bow and arrow with her feet while doing a backbend.  It's fantastic but SHHHHH it's a secret :)
5	7:30 PM Nocturne show - It was my 2nd time to see the show, this time I went with my adult son and we made rsvp to have dinner. It is tapas style we ordered 5 items and each one was so perfectly seasoned a joy to savor! I liked the portion served, as I don't like massive portions of food on a plate. The presentation was phenomenal and our server was a very attentive cool guy! The star of the meal was our dessert Oh My we ordered 2 and the chocolate with the whipped egg whites was off the chart delicate & delicious! The drinks were so refreshing, I had the one with ginger all I can say about the whole dinner is Compliments To the Chef...Well worth the expense! I like how they have entertainment throughout the place and the guy playing the crystal glasses in the dining room was awesome! The band & singers at the bar "Excellent" then the show Brilliant loved all the different talent show cased! I look forward to having the experience again & again! Loved It and so did my son.
5	Can't really explain this place in words that do it justice. Think Prohibition speakeasy meets cirque due soleil. It's a dinner and show combination with food served tapas style. Can't even begin to tell you how delicious the food is. Best meal I've had in 5 years. Short ribs - phenomenal. Brioche buns - crazy good. Service - perfect. Thank you Patrick. Consummate professional.
4	Not your typical Las Vegas Strip show. If you want different this is the show for you.  Kept me entertained, different stuff happenings to keep you wanting to see what's next.
5	This was by far my favorite Vegas nightlife experience. Much smaller than a Vegas club, yet larger a louder than a lounge, Rose.Rabbit.Lie is a MUST on your night on the town. Located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel - also one of my favorite Vegas hotels - there is a Cirque-esque performance at midnight, an awesome DJ, super friendly staff - and that's including their security - and they have craft cocktails! No more of that $15 vodka on the rocks crap from the nightclubs. For about the same price, you can get a quality drink. There's also a lot of seating - stadium/theatre-like seating surrounding a dance floor - so if you get there early enough, you're in a group of girls and they haven't completely sold out of tables, you just might snag the perfect seat for the show. My rec? Do Marquee first; check out the RRL performance at midnight, stick around for a lot of dancing, then head back to Marquee (also in Cosmopolitan).Thanks, Brian Tickes for the hookup!
4	The food was definitely delicious! The bone marrow , steak tartar and the uni pasta amazing! Oh also the calamari is a must!  Our server was great! He knew what he was talking about and when we told him we wanted to make the 9:30 show he was sure to get us going so we would not be late!  We had reservations and had to wait while group of girls who cut the line of other parties with reservations to get in. Then they sat them next to is and all they is was complain.  Not restaurants fault, but they do need to get the host people and the door guy to keep things organized . The begging was defiantly  a cluster!    We saw the 9:30 show and defiantly some good acts!
2	So, we went during something of a transitional period, according to a waiter. There was supposed to be a "secret" entry to the study for Breakfast at Piffany's that you had to ask about, but apparently now, it is something you have to call ahead and make reservations for. Would have been good to know in advance...when we asked waiters about it, they told us we could go, and sat us at a table while they "sat up" the room. So we sat around for an hour being told that we could go, which pissed off the waiter whose section we were put in, and then were told that now the room is reservations only and we, in fact, couldn't go. Nobody really seemed to know what was going on, until finally the manager came over to tell us that we couldn't go and we had to leave. Well. Bye.It's a nice variety show, but that's pretty much it. It's not a "social experiment" the way it was originally touted. Also, about 20% of the seating is TERRIBLE, which is where we wound up. I was behind a screen, so I didn't understand half of the jokes that used it, couldn't appreciate quite a few of the acts. The box office assured us that there "were no bad seats" - but I can definitely assure you that there are. The acts that I could appreciate were good.Completely disappointed after reading all of the reviews. Was expecting something unique, exciting and fun, but instead I paid $100, sat in a terrible seat, and then was put at a table for an hour expecting a midnight show, which I never got to see. Don't go...at least not until they get their shit figured out.
5	It's a fantastic experience. The food was amazing and the acts were fantastic. It's difficult to explain because it's so different from other places in Vegas. The nightclub was a blast - the music was good and the crowd was enthusiastic. Go to the study after and have the donuts
5	I've seen this show 3 times, and it's SO entertaining! It's hard to explain the type of show it is, kind of a comedy, variety, burlesque show. I don't want to give away too much because everyone should go find out for themselves. It's amazing. Yes, the cocktails are expensive (which is expected on the Strip). I recommend the Paloma, it's a well cocktail and offers a good "bang for your buck" as it is pretty strong. We've never had dinner there, but did have appetizers before the show one time and they were delicious. We had the lobster cocktail and the mussels. Please, make sure you dress up! Don't be THAT guy showing up under-dressed. This is an amazing venue!
5	We went there to watch a show then got hungry ... We had heavenly eggs, curried cauliflower, bone marrow (very rich) watch out! We got lucky and got 2 dishes on the house - a lobster dish and a pea saladEverything was amazing , like the ad in the magazine they do cook everything to perfection! This is the type of place that you don't mind paying more for great food and entertainment . If you are going to watch a show, catch the early one because then you can sit down, eat and watch the second show from behind the stage (it's a different show )
5	I don't even know where to begin.  Rose.Rabbit.Lie is so completely unique and 100% fun.  It's operates on a whole 'nother level when compared to the predictable bar and nightclub scene that's de rigeur elsewhere on the Strip.So, what is Rose.Rabbit.Lie, exactly?  It's a fusion of restaurant, speakeasy cocktail lounge, interactive funhouse, theater, and dance club.  Tucked away at the very back of the second level of the Cosmo, the venue is quite unassuming on the outside -- which belies the massive and gorgeously appointed interior.When entering, you find yourself in a small circular anteroom that's the "hub" of Rose.Rabbit.Lie, and all the various rooms are found off of it.  Depending on whether you have restaurant reservations, show tickets, or are simply in the mood to sip a cocktail, you'll be led to a different area of the venue.  The concept seems simple, but the distinctions between the various rooms are more fluid.  As the night progresses, walls tend to disappear.....and the venue morphs....First the restaurant merges into the bar....Then the bar merges with the theater.....Then the theater transforms into a nightclub.On the first night I visited Rose.Rabbit.Lie, I arrived with a ticket for the midnight show.  It was only 11pm, so I wandered into the lounge and enjoyed a delicious Paloma cocktail.  The crowd was very friendly, and more adult than elsewhere in the Cosmo.  Shortly before midnight, I wandered into the theater room, where I enjoyed a performance of Vegas Nocturne, a series of variety/cabaret acts starring Butterscotch, Piff the Magic Dragon + Mr. Piffles, a knockout of a drag queen, tap-dancing twins, a fire-eater, a sword-swallower, and more.  When the show was over, the stage recessed into the ground, revealing a huge dancefloor on which the audience was invited to dance the night away, with the help of Butterscotch's awesome beats.I loved it all so much, that I came back the following night.That's when I was *really* blown away.I wasn't expecting anything in particular, since I didn't have show tickets this time 'round.  Instead, the show came to me!  The various acts from Vegas Nocturne were mingling with the bar patrons and breaking out into spontaneous performances around the bar -- and, occasionally, on top of it!  It was all so eye-poppingly cool!Things got even better.  A sweetheart of a bartendress personally introduced me to a hottie of a shirtless acrobat, who asked me to be his "assistant" for a hat-throwing trick.  It was all so seamlessly pulled off, that some of the other bar patrons asked me if I worked there and had planned the trick with the acrobat in advance.  They were shocked when I told them that I hadn't.  Amazing.There's more.  It involves secret rooms and fish funerals.  I can't reveal any other details, though.  You have to see it for yourself.Every moment I spent in this venue ultimately become an amazing memory.  Let it be known that I absolutely LOVE Rose.Rabbit.Lie!!!
2	I was in Vegas several days to see shows, visit friends, and casino hop.  I had heard about this "show" or shall I say "experience" in the press and thru mutual friends.  I was looking forward to a great/unique evening.  The space is very unique, chic chic, glitzy and smoky with piped in smoke for the oooh/aaah ambiance.  It's an impressive entry and first impression.  There are three shows with different content in all three.  I stayed for all three.  Booze is pricey.  In fact everything in that hotel is pricey. Martini's $24 bucks.  Now.........here we go.........my biggest complaint was the show.  I have seen numerous Cirque shows, cabaret shows, dinner theatre shows, etc.   This is not my first rodeo as they say.  This show or should I say all three shows lacked direction, had no punch, the talent was mediocre, the comedy was basically non existent......in that I didn't laugh but maybe a couple of times.  Some performers were phoning it in (Piff the Magic Dragon) others were just plain dull.  The calibre of talent was that of  those auditioning for America's Got Talent........except that they don't.  Actually, I might be being a bit harsh.  I think the talent could be better if it were for a much better director.  They tout this as a speakeasy, interactive experience, but it could have been a fantastic experience.  Instead i found it to be lukewarm at best.  The show and talent do not rise up the impressive club surroundings itself.  Pricey, underwhelming, and not worth the hype.  Save your $$.
4	We went for the midnight showing on a Saturday night and had no idea what to expect. The tickets run for $30 and are standing only, but we were able to get comped tickets. After entering through the double doors,  we wandered around and discovered Rose.Rabbit.Lie contained a restaurant,  showroom,  and several bars. We were thoroughly confused,  to say the least.  We didn't buy drinks or food- we just experienced the show!  The show was about 30 minutes long.  The hubby and I locked down a good standing area right when we arrived,  so we had a good view of the show. The string of acts were entertaining and electic. The female acrobat was amazing! Her energy vibrated across the room and her talent in her craft was exceptional.  The same could be said of the sexy redheaded fire eater. I was beyond impressed with those two acts. After the show ended, the show gave way to the dance floor and transformed into a nightclub (which was our que to leave). The midnight show is short and sweet.  I'd recommend it!
5	I received an Identity Membership promotion via email: 2 tickets for $50. What a steal! Customer service: I had to redeem my promotion by May 31st. Once redeemed, I must see the show within 5 days.  You must do this in person. Then I reserve my seats at the Rose Rabbit Lie box office, which is to the right of the East Tower parking elevators during the day and up on the second floor by the west escalators after 4PM. Excellent customer service all the time...especially inside Rose Rabbit Lie!Concept:Great Gatsby x Alice in Wonderland x Variety showThe whole dining/drinking/show experience is like being in an exclusive speakeasy where the performers interact and entertain you as their personal guests throughout the night!The rooms:It's a maze with hidden doors.  I didn't get to see all the rooms but I stopped a lot of the staff for suggestions and they walk you to where you want to be. Yes, they escort you.  So nice! This was how we found a secret, quiet bar. The show:From the producers of Absinthe, Nocturne is a fun combination of acrobatics, tap dancing, beat boxing...you know what? Each show is different. That's why people come back! It's the greatest show and signing experience! Just go, the show is superb, hilarious, modern, classy, and not so classy all at the same time. Have you seen Fuerza Bruta in New York? It's not the same, but it has a similar concept. I went to the 930pm showing and a DJ did come out at the end of the show.  Only weds-satDinner music: A polka band playing Top 40's. the best renditions of today's music that I've ever heard. I am tired of hearing "Happy" by Pharrell...but last night when an actress sang it in a nasal voice set to polka, it really made me happy. And gleeful. Just...so...oh em gee. Tips:If you're an identity member, check your inbox for that promo email! Promo tickets get seated in folding chairs instead of couches. Get front seats. It's a small stage, no stadium seating, intimate, so get close!Park at the west elevators, go up to the casino level, then take the escalators to the second floor. Follow signs to Rose rabbit lie. It's by Wicked Spoon. Go straight to the staff. They will guide you. Arrive  an hour or two prior to your show time and tell them you'd like to go to the bar. This way, you'll get in and will have time to explore. It's small, it gets crowded after the 730 show because guests may stay as long as they want.  Go early. Drinks are expensive but perfect. Make dining reservations in advance!If you're claustrophobic, this is not for you. It can get crowded!Not for kids. Get a babysitter. Dress code: casual elegant. What you'd wear to Jay Gatsby's Baz Luhrman party or an upscale Alice in Wonderland. Plan on going again. I'm addicted. I will buy a $20 drink just to hear the polka band play my Top 40's.
2	We sat back stage. Very loud and distracting. I had a great glass of Cabernet  but my entree was more of a sample. I had the pork belly. It was very tasty just small portion. One trip here was enough for me.
4	It's a show and a club and a wonderland of music and awkwardness. Definitely a must-see if you want some randomness in your life or you want to be entertained by sexy-meets-circus performers. Music is GREAT. Free drinks before midnight, bottle service tables in stadium seats overlooking the stage, which turns into a dancefloor!
3	Cool place, but don't come hungry or broke.  Portions are incredibly small, they truly are plates made for one, so sharing beyond two people would be tough.  The cutlery is beautiful! The place is beautiful and the people are beautiful.  The show is pretty different, the walls go up and down to change your room view consistently.  It is a visual dream!  Singers, contortionists, bands...it's very fun and our server was fun and conscious of our time frame to see a show that night.  The memorable things we tried were the pulled beef things, the mussels, the fried oysters and the caviar tacos.  The caviar taco is the size of thumb...teeny weeny but very flavorful.  Skip the eggs. The cocktails were super fun, and had great presentation.  Would go back just for a cocktail.
4	Great show in Vegas. There were tap dancers, a beat boxer, acrobats, singers, and I even saw a woman get completely naked and pull a cloth out of her vagina. Unfortunately, I couldn't pull my camera out fast enough!Come prepared, people!
5	This was a true experience from start to finish! I had a permanent smile on my face, and was truly wowed by everything. The show was funny, and full of talent. It was so well paced, when it was over, I couldn't believe an hour had passed. I wanted more!Then we were taken into the bar area where more talented singers, dancers, etc..continued to keep the party going. We were also led into various rooms at certain times to see the performers doing other things. We went into the "library" 2 times with about 6 people and I have never laughed more, and been more amazed at the interactions we had with these performers. Truly makes you feel like you are part of a secret club!I met most of the performers, as they mingled with all of us in the bar area. Every one of them were delightful to talk to ! The bar was staffed with the best bartenders that I have come across since living in Vegas. Jasmine, Matt, and Marcus were engaging,  and poured fantastic drinks. They all looked like they were having a good time and really enjoy their jobs, which is infectious and made us all super excited and happy to be there. I will be returning and may take up residence at that bar. It's definitely my new hang out! To get a local to go to the strip is next to impossible, but this place makes me want to go!!! If you haven't been yet...GO! Go now! Get the tickets! Best experience for price of admission!
1	Don't try to step out of the venue for any reason . You'll be interrogated by the gendarme at full length.   The buzz among the food biz is this contrived confused entity is hemorrhaging money  and servers are leaving left and right.  If you want to waste your money to say you experienced RRL , Hurry! It won't be there long
5	Skip dinner and just go to the bar. Wow what a sow
1	Was at rose rabbit lie tonight and was a freakin awful experience.  My husband who was totally sober was kicked out for no reason by Shane and after waiting outside to talk to him and dealing with Liz their supposed head of operations we are so frustrated with the experience that we are going to file an official complaint with cosmopolitan hotel.  This is by far the most frustrating experience of my life!
5	So you have options here:Option 1 - buy tickets, see the showOption 2 -  buy tickets, see the show and have dinner pre- or post-showOption 3 - eat dinner and enjoy aspects of the show that dribble out into the dining areaDespite some pooh-poohing from a Vegas native that the food wasn't very good, we went with option 3. Boy, was he wrong. The food was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Definitively a small plates approach, so if you are starving this could get super expensive, but everything we had was amazing - calamari with eggplant puree, steak tartare, short rib stroganoff, and the cookie jar for dessert (not going to tell you what's in the jar but we ate every single bit!).  Little pieces of the show spilled into the dining room throughout the evening, and at nine when the show ended the cast came into the bar area, the band played, the singers sang, and the show's "characters" brought some color to the dining room. We'd go back, and I think we'd even do option 2 next time.
5	Amazing show. We saw both the 7pm show and the midnight show only because our dinner was so good we stuck around for more. The food was outstanding, we ordered about 20 different items and they all were a 10 out of 10. This is great balance between the vegas clubs and an exquisite dinner in the sense that you get top notch eats along with a fun/sexy/jaw dropping show. If you are lucky you might get invited into the secret room for the late night secret show...
5	I felt like Alice jumping down the rabbit hole.  By far my best experience in Vegas EVER!  My man really out did himself on my birthday with this one.Food was amazing.  Show was unique and amazing.  Service was impeccable.  And the Ambiance.  There is nothing like it in the world as far as I'm concerned.  A full sensory experience that is worth every penny.  Do the whole dinner and show.  It's worth it!  7:30pm-- Entered the hostess room which was very dramatic (I'm not going to ruin it).  Was seated in the "Parlor" of the restaurant which is set up like rooms of a mansion.  Enjoyed bits of show that spilled out into our dining area as the walls moved up and down.  Ate some of 40+ Small plates from a wax sealed menu.  All of the items were to die for.  I was not disappointed by any of them.  This included:-Warm herb brioche rolls-Roasted Brussels sprouts-Slow braised pork-Fois gras with duck fat fries-Braised short rin stroganoff-Titos Moscow Mule (on tap)-Birthday Bear Cookie Jar (see pictures)9:30pm--Saw the most amazing show in the "great room".  It was a revue style performance.  It's so hard to explain.  Dancers, comedy, burlesque, and more!  The pictures don't do any of it justice.12:0pm--Stuck around and caught the 12:00pm show for free standing in the back.  Not as good at the 9:30 show, but also very cool.  I love that each show time is different. Honestly, I have not had such a unique, beautiful, and tasty experience in my life. Rose.Rabbit.Lie is pretty much the best thing ever.
1	Don't know where to start... we never made it to the actual performance/show because we had the most horrible service ever during dinner & left...especially for a "5 star" place, this place is forgettable and disappointing, Will was our server, Tobias was I guess a manager of many tonight. I did mention to him that the server at the table next to us was doing an awesome job, we unfortunately did not get to experience that. My BF's BDay was tonight and they actually charged us for this tiny "dessert" after everything we went through. Will our server was non existent and cold, especially after the manager talked to him about our complaints, super unprofessional.  We are staying at The Palazzo and thought briefly about staying at this hotel next time...Rose. Rabbit. Lie  turned us off so much that we no longer want to stay at the Cosmopolitan and instead  will go to competitor hotels. I love Burlesque/Cabaret and love supporting this art and it's actors, shame we didn't get to do this tonight and never will here.
5	My girls are the shit. They dragged me out and promised a night that I won't forget - but I almost forgot because of the bottle service!Upon arrival for the midnight showing, our host walked us right in and dropped us off at the bar so we could get drinks while they got our table ready. I ordered the Washington Apple which consisted of: Pendleton 12 year Canadian Whiskey, Cranberry Compote, Lemon, and Apple Bitters. Delicious!About 15 minutes passed and we were escorted to our table located in front to the left of the stage, but we ended up being front and center after they moved us :) Our server was friendly, fun and kept checking up on us throughout the night. Open the top of the ottomans to stash your purses, wallets, and phones here. The bouncers are geat at keeping an eye on your things and we always had people sitting at the table to make sure.Now for the show.. I'm positive there are going to be those who haven't seen it reading the reviews so I won't go into detail, but these are a few acts to keep an eye out for: Prescott (super hot and an amazing beat boxing woman), Pandora (HOLY MOLY! Keep an eye out for her!), The Girl Who Plays with Fire, table tapping, and some lap dancing fun ;) There are maaaany more acts that will keep you enveloped with the highly inappropriate (love it!) show the whole time since there's always something going on!The last act of the show helps transition Rose. Rabbit. Lie. into a "night club." The majority of the audience got out of their seats and went to the dance floor to have some fun. A few of the performers even came out to mingle with the crowd and danced with us (love you Frog Man). The stage keeps rotating to reveal the DJ, some fun with bubbles, and more performers doing various things. After half an hour, they did clear out the middle of the dance floor for a fun little cirque du doleil act. Then it was dancing time again! Since our table was right there in front, we got to both people watch while hanging out and step out onto the dance floor when we wanted to. I forgot how good it felt to just.. DANCE!Remember that a little party never killed nobody ;)
5	This place is seriously just amazing. I was invited by a promoter on the strip. Typical Vegas. But, my girlfriends and I decided to check it out, with no expectations at all. Wow... Were we blown away. This place is insane! So much fun! We'll be back!
5	The Rose.Rabbit.Lie was a great experience. We went their for drinks and were pleasantly surprised with the entire evening. Lots to look at, great drinks & great staff!From the outside you would never guess all which awaits you..Must visit place in Vegas...
5	We only went to the Vegas Nocturne 7:30 show, no dinner, but Wow!  I think the only regret we had was not going to the later shows to see what different acts there were.  We got the half off ticket and it was such a steal!  It was a really intimate affair.  We sat second to the last row and we were still maybe 25 feet from the action.  On the flip side, the bar was really close and we definitely enjoyed our beers during the show.The lady with the red hair and the MC definitely created an exciting dynamic with the rest of the "family" in between acts.  I was really impressed with the acrobat who at the end who shot an arrow with her feet.  Feats of magic by itself weren't too impressive, the way they used creative humor (like the man in the dino suti) to engage the audience the whole time was refreshing vs the normal 1-liners.The guy in bathtub doing the rope acrobatics and the asian acrobat balancing umbrellas using her feats were really impressive up close and personal.  After the show, the crowd is led into the dining area / exit for live music in which the cast members (still in their roles) take part in the show.Definitely a great show that stands out compared to the big budget shows that Vegas is known for.  We heard the show at 9 is much more risque and more fun to watch for adults.
5	love, love, love.  One of my current favorites.  I have seen the 7 and 10 show.  Haven't seen the midnight show, but want to get around to it.
5	Wow. Wow. Wow. Everything was incredible: the show, the service, the food, the ambiance,  absolutely everything.  Cosmopolitan,  you are my home!!!! THE. BEST. EVER.
5	A cabaret on acid. There just really is no accurate way to describe it. The only thing I have to say is go, go, GO.However, DO NOT order drinks from the bar if you value your wallet. Adam got us two Irish Coffees -- to the tune of $49 before tip. When he objected, the bartender knocked it down to $41 before tip, but still, that's simply obscene.
5	Excellent Place. Very luxury. Great show. Went for dinner here and it was awesome, live Jazz band and a great magic show. Food was excellent bit expensive but def worth it. I went with my cousins and it was only 3 of us at the total came out to be $278. Thank god I wasn't paying.
2	I went in last friday for the beginning of my bachlorette party I had just arrived in LV. I love Alice and Wonderland, I was so excited. They moved us to the Speakeasy and it was nice and mellow, super cool decor and great music. There were maybe 4 other tables. So.....20 minutes later we finally got waters and someone took our order, we tried to flag people down numerous times and didn't understand why a red-headed girl was just standiing in the corner texting and talking to the bartender. A table had the chocolate terrarium delivered and I didn't know what it was, no one had started eating it but I saw they had forks. So I asked our red headed waitress if what they had was edible or decor or what was it? And she rolled her eyes and said "No, you're in a restaurant and you just get to look at stuff here." I was shocked, I'm sorry I bothered you..... I honestly couldn't believe I got talked to like that. Voice dripping with sarcasim.Our food came out and basically every other person was amazing and had such a lovely time. But we had to ask everyone else to help us have more water, more drinks, more napkins. As she stood in the corner texting with us and 1 other table..... We added more food to our order and it took twice as long as the first time and there were less tables. So we politely asked about it (We are ALL in the service industry) Again, she rolled her eyes and said its coming and walked away. I honestly almost lost my shit, there was 1 other table in there. And we were all sober and so nice to her. I was honestly really bummed to start out my bachlorette party getting treated horribly for no reason. So, moral of the story. If you have the red-headed waitress ask to speak to the manager or switch servers. I wish I did.
1	Having fun in las vegas for a friends Bachlorette party we got free wristbands which the guy said included "table service" and one free drink each. Free is always good right um wrong this place was so freaking weird we literally thought we we're on drugs....the sit you on couch like benches that are all circling a dance floor/stage and have a mix of "performers" if you can call some of them that. A couple of them we're pretty talented like the tap dancers, the gymnast girl, one of the singers, but everything else was really really weird and we couldn't get out of there fast enough. Before we left we of course decided to get our free drink which had limitations to either wine or a vodka cran we all got the vodka cran and omg it straight cranberry juice....don't waste your time or money
5	My bf and I have been wanting to check this place out for a long time. I'm so glad that we did because it is a real experience. For food, we had fennel salad, short ribs, oysters, uni pasta, foie gras, caviar flatbread, and Black Forest cake. Sounds like a ton of food, but all are small shareable plates. The food is artfully prepared and incredibly tasty. We didn't get tickets for the show but the talent spills out into the dining rooms and you are amazed and thrilled at every turn. This place is basically like being in a speakeasy and moulin rouge at the same damn time. Give it a try for a special occasion. Sooo much fun.
4	Loved it, but not all. Two acts were so unique and superior that I would go back for them alone.  Cabaret on acid is accurate, and I'm sure even more so after the 7:30 show--which is what I saw.  The Scot Brothers, world-class tap dancers, and David O'Mer, also known as bath boy, who does an aerial/tub show wearing only wet jeans.  Fantastic! Some other acts were good, but I could do without slapstick in jockeys.  I found the food over salted and over priced and the drinks are so pricey that I won't be ingesting anything other than the free popcorn given to some who were close to the action. Live music is good and fun, but too loud to eat to.
5	Wish you could respond to reviews here, or maybe you can and I just don't see it.  Loulou, are you serious, 2 stars, if you can't have fun at RRL, you just can't have fun.  Sad.....
5	This place is amazing. I was planning a 2 nights trip to vegas and didn't know which show to go to. Luckily Livingsocial had a promotion (I think they still do) for tickets to the Vegas Nocturne Show at Rose Rabbit Lie. I think a lot of people have watched their commercial on youtube. Unfortunately it didn't give me any clue at all. The video was weird, freaky, yet intriguing and just confused me. Anyhow, it seems exciting and fellow Yelper gave a high rating, so I purchased ticket for a saturday night. I am going to spill a lot of beans here but you must be there to experience it. No one can ever tell you too much about this place because the surprises just keep coming and coming and the show's rundown rotates all the time.So I purchased the ticket for 10pm, I arrived early and tried to get into the restaurant section of Rose Rabbit Lie. They said it was full house, and can't let me in until a few minutes before the show start. So I ended up at next door and try their Wicked Spoon, pretty good buffet I must say.So I entered the Rose Rabbit Lie around 9:45 and got a drink. Living social tickets only grant you those plastic seats, not sofa. It wasn't too comfortable for the whole hour.The show is fascinating, the surprises just keep rolling. I was lucky and got invited to the stage XD. Sorry, i won't tell you how they did the magic puppy trick but I know!After the show, they lead us to the next door and had a drink. They announced the nightlife starts at noon, but before that there is another show at 1130. Anyhow, we waited around and had more drinks.At 12pm, there is a beautiful lady, whos the DJ, and started the party. Everyone started dancing and the sound system are pretty cool.About 30 minutes into the mix, she took out 2 drum sticks and then 3 drummers walked into the middle of the dance floor!! it was the highlight of the night so far.I think I will stop here and you somewhat get the idea. It is a new hot spot in vegas, I love it, You should definitely try it out.
5	Had a great time at this show. Was very pleasantly surprised with the whole performance. All of the acts are unique and actually connect and interact with the guests. There was never a dull moment! Cocktail servers never missed a beat and were always on top of their orders & bar service was very smooth as well. I really, really enjoyed this amazing show and wish I stayed for Nocturnal. But oh well...there is always a next time.
2	We came here last week to celebrate our anniversary. I think that this is an okay show. It does lack in humor. There are some funny parts, but it's seems to be too copied from Absinthe. I know it's the same creators, but they seem to use a lot of that show in this one. Same type of characters, same type of humor. It's just not near as humorous. Also, the acts are very simple. There is nothing that wow's you. They were all basic "magic" tricks that you learn when you're a kid. They try to make it more appealing to have a naked woman hiding a red scarf in her body parts...it's just kind of bizarre to me. You had a guy swallowing swords, a dude with a rat (chihuahua) that he puts into a cannon and shoots it (not really...) and a flexible lady in a plastic ball. The coolest part for me was the twins tap dancing. And I do love me some tap dancing. Overall, the show was good/decent. It was entertaining enough, but it just didn't do it for me. I've seen most of the shows on the strip, and they all are roughly the same concept, of course. But there are so many of them that have amazing art and acrobatics that you actually sit there and say, "Well...fuck." I'm glad we got discounted tickets, because I don't think it's worth the full price. I think you should definitely be under the influence to enjoy the show more. Maybe you will be "wow"ed...
3	I knew this place would be pricey, but $45 for two drinks is just a little much. However, the Vegas Nocturne show was pretty entertaining. But again, I feel very sorry for anyone that pays full price. Normal tickets cost upwards of $160, but if you're a guest of the hotel, they'll sell you tickets for $25 each. Or, head across the street to Tix4Tonight and get them for $40. The show is sort of a variety show, but 3 of the acts incorporated tap dancing or similar rhythmic drumming with body parts. They definitely twist a couple things around, and you get something wholly unexpected and hilarious (a cross-dressing juggler on a pogo stick or the bath show with a guy essentially doing silks), but there were also a couple acts that fell flat, and nothing was particularly awe-inspiring. Overall, the show is worth it if you can get the $25 or maybe even the $40 tickets, but definitely not more than that.
5	This place was amazing! Went for my friends bachelorette and I can say it was a perfect night. We had dinner reservations and the food was excellent. We were invited to stay for the midnight show which we were able to watch in a VIP box with drinks included. There were performances throughout the night and I just can't say enough about this place. I loved it and would come back again. It is pricey though.
5	You MUST go...Rose.Rabbit.Lie is a restaurant. Vegas Nocturne is a show with two performances. But over the evening the one kind of blends into the other and where you eat dramatically affects how much 'show' is in your dinner theatre. There are quiet rooms that focus on the food, medium rooms that offer a mix, and a noisily packed bar/dining room in which enjoying one's dinner would be nearly impossible. When making your reservation (speaking with your hostess?) you should let them know what you want.That said, the food itself is inventive and for the most part utterly delicious. Almost everything comes in small plates so you'll have a chance to sample many dishes though the prices are aggressive. BTW, the mixed drinks are spectacular.
5	This is a venue created with spectacular charm and a particular crowd in mind.  I like to think of my fraulein & I to have been somewhat accepted with the crowd that night.  We came to celebrate my ex-wifes birthday and have a taste of what the dining experience had to offer.  After this slight taste I am obliged to admit that we are pacing towards experiencing not only the show but also the nightlife it provides as well. Firstly, it isn't just a place to try out on a whim.  Unless you possess such a pocketbook to justify.  You may have to plan it as an occasion to regard such a price tag.  It ain't cheap.  Expect to add 10% to your bill for the nights live entertainment that will be ushered throughout your meal.  Don't blame R.R.L. for that, it's a Vegas thing.  Sure one could come and sample a few dishes and soak a bit of ambiance, but I am certain it would only leave you with a sliver of what this venue has in store.  Make your reservations, dress accordingly as if you are going to a social club.  You don't want to feel out of place for this.  Other guests will be dressed to the nines.  So as I mentioned.  Accordingly. The atmosphere was timeless.  Timeless in the sense that everything has its revolution back into play after a number of decades.  Here the idea is decadent 20's revisited after a century has passed.  It seems to ignore any other era between then and now.  Thankfully, even.  The plateware and spinning glassware is reminiscent to the homage and the lighting is adequately dim.  Our server was pleasant and just what you'd expect from the Cosmopolitan.From the dining area we were placed, The Study, there were vinyl records to browse and choose to play if one so wished.  There was a bar there that held exclusive cocktails that demanded a vintage knackery from the 'tenders.  Unfortunately we were too encompassed to quite interact with these features.  I ordered a signature flask drink Jacquemot Rose made with exclusive apple brandy for our dinner.  It lasted throughout the meal.  They are 45$, very strong tartly flavorful garnished with dehydrated apple slices and the glass bottle with cork top including the serpentine key logo frosted onto it is your souvenir for the night.  We are lightweights so it took us to a tipsy plateau.  No other drinks were needed to loosen up and enjoy the place.We started with the Braised Pork.  Softly braised with a gremolata and topped with a creamed polenta air.  It was like a Cuban lechon mixing with the black truffle and calming in between the saucy polenta.  It had to be appreciated by the discerning tongue so as not to overlook the subtleties within.  Overlooked and under appreciated dish according to other reviews.Next we were served the Brussels Sprouts with Manchego sheeps milk cheese and crispy chicken skin.  This came in a griddle dish.  It held sweet, perfectly browned sprouts and with a snap of salted chicken skin the manchego was an appropriate binder.  Eat this one while it's still warm to enjoy it at its peak.We were brought the Uni Perciatelli.  A classic Italian pasta with thick noodles and very light Umami butter.  There was a portion of king crab and the smallest sliver of sea urchin.  It's ingredients were regal yet I could not catch the whole of this dish.  At the least we could say we've tasted an Uni pasta.Here came the Bone Marrow sweet & sour short rib.  Served on bone and sweet rib meat lain atop with two slices of buttered toasted bread.  The meat was tender and shredded with a rich underside of gelatinous marrow.  Although good not exquisite, there was much more on this plate than was needed.  There after came the Foie Gras Torchon served with orange glaze and citric garnish.  It is accompanied by a tea cup of Duck Fat fries.  You must take just a bit of each ingredient  along with each fry.  Once they are together you will experience a melding of textures and flavors that only can be explained as climactic.  Yes, I do mean that kind of climax too.  I did feel a bit shamed to order foie gras, but afterwards I was no longer contrite.  Now I feel guilty because I enjoyed it as much.We were stuffed after these five dishes and we were eying the Chocolate Terrarium, but, we settled for the Cookie Jar to end it all sweetly instead.  Aside from my gal being stuffed in a corset as well..  I took two bites of the delectable miniature desert cookies and was done.  It was too rich for me, I'm not much of a sweet-tooth.  She enjoyed it.  It was served to her with a single birthday candle from which birthday girl made her wish and that brought the meal to a delighted end.We were invited to explore the various rooms of the R.R.L. mansion caught a few tail-end acts then whisked away happy and DUI eligible.  Intrigued.Enlightened.Satiated.
5	Great show!!!  Fantastic singing, dancing, acrobatics, comedy, great ambiance and music!  We went to the 7:30 show, but I heard the 9:30 show is different - can't wait to take it in.
5	Where to start so that I can give it justice while not giving away too much since the element of surprise is key to me....other than the obvious term "awesome show!", I would actually call it EPIC or like my kids would say LEGENDARY! I can't stress enough how much I am so glad I did not read the reviews but just the overall ratings because it did not ruin or biased my opinion (nothing worst than that!). So here is what I would say, there is something for everyone in that show, incredibly talented performer, fresh, inventive, funny, mind bending and if the word COOL had a picture attached to it in the dictionary Rose.Rabbit.Lie would be it. Loved it. J.
1	Thank you for an unbelievably horrible time last night. To your credit, your food is amazing! Absolutely delicious and at a level that I would expect for Las Vegas. Unfortunately, your show was lacking in content and your customer service was atrocious. While we would loved to have seen the show, we spent a majority of the time gazing at the other patrons who kept entering after the show had started and who felt it necessary to stand up and directly block the view of everyone behind them. But the worst thing was the fact that when we brought our concerns to you, the management, you did nothing to make it right and simply dismissed us. At that point, we had had enough and left. Whatever you do, definitely try the food but skip the show. And...are your serious with the $25 cocktails? Really? They're good but they're not that good.I won't be back.
5	One of the best dinners I've had in Vegas! I booked this dinner last minute on a Friday and thankfully, they were available.Absolutely love the ambiance and the charm, with live music to boot. I asked the server to move our table closer to the stage and he didn't hesitate to seat us right in front. Awesome.The food, which I didn't expect much of, was surprisingly delicious. It's small French inspired plates that are shared at the table. Even the three other Parisians I was with approved!Wine list is extensive, cocktails are tasty. The price isn't so bad for the quality you get. But we ordered two bottles of champagne and wine, which ended up being close to paying for a table at a club.There is plenty of downtime to chat between the free dinner shows. The actual show itself, which we had tickets for after the dinner, is even better. A lot of interaction with the audience and plenty of sex jokes. The very first act consisted of a magic trick with full strip show! I particularly enjoyed the singer/beatboxer.Definitely recommend!
1	Would love to tell you what this place was like, but unfortunately I didn't get a chance to experience it because they stopped being open on Sunday nights -- and didn't bother calling us to cancel our reservation or give us a heads up. A pretty big miss.
5	We and the wife went there place is beautiful food was great, drinks were amazing, music was good, after dinner we saw the 8 pm show which was nice but a bit too long. They also have performers thru out the restaurant/bar.  After the show just hung out and checked out the different rooms. My favorite is the study!!!!!!! I wonder why! :)
1	Brutal show. Definitely overpriced. It's as if Spiegelworld took all the acts that weren't clever enough or cool enough for Absinthe and stuffed it into The Cosmopolitan and slapped a big price tag on it. My wife and I come to Vegas every year and see a bunch of shows. We've seen raunchy, sexy, daring and cool. Tonight we saw a show that tried not hard at all to be like that and we were grossly disappointed. We walked out after 40 minutes.
4	I have left previous rave reviews, and the show is still amazing!  When I was at the 9:30 show last night though,  I was shocked when I received my bill and felt like I should warn everyone.  I expect cocktails to be expensive,  but when I got my bill this time in addition to an automatic gratuity they tacked on sales tax and LET tax,  which they did not do on my previous visits. (There's been a lot of discussion here in Vegas recently about this practice,  we hate it!) This put $13 of fees on my bill for 2 cocktails! $45 for 2 drinks is just too much! I still highly recommend the show,  but grab drinks somewhere else before you go in.  I recommend Comme Ca, also in the Cosmo.  Drinks are delicious and only $9 if you order before 8:30 in the lounge. No LET tax or fees either!
5	Rose Rabbit Lie is an experience NOT to be missed.  I hoped for something magical and received something that far surpassed my expectations. We were led through a hexagonal room, reminiscent of the elevator inside the Haunted House at Disneyland, and through two doors. We were greeted by a dining room boasting a full mural of the Garden of Earthly Delights and other spectacular aesthetics. We received TREMENDOUS SERVICE from ALEXANDER, enjoyed great food & cocktails, and excitement from tap dancing twins, "Ben Franklin" + his glass harmonica, aerialists, a furry, dancers, and a creepy silent corpse-like bride among other visual felicities- all of which exceeded my expectations for the evening and I hope yours. COCKTAILSRRL is totally on-board with the pre-Prohibition, craft cocktail movement and I couldn't be more pleased.  The coolest offering and smartest move was purchasing their signature glass flask (which you can take home). I picked the Jack Rose which happened to be THE best Jack Rose I've ever had.  The large flask served 6 and a bit. FOODDinner was served tapas style and delicious.  I was in charge of ordering and took our group on a tour of the menu from "herbivores delights", "from the sea", "Plates around the table", "pearls from a spoon".  We had a 10pm seating, so the "Feast" section was ignored.  Mind you, the Feast section has 3 items ranging from $95 for a free range chicken to a whole roasted giant Alaskan red king crab at $1200. We ate:{Herbivores Delight}GOUGERES with truffle mornayPOACHED WHITE ASPARAGUS with a bacon vinaigreette and fried eggCAULIFLOWER and GREEN APPLE VELOUTE with brown butter and tarragon ChantillyHEIRLOOM TOMATOES with burrataBEETS & AVOCADO in a red wine cream with raspberry, arugula and fried shallots{From the Sea}CRISPY OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER w house cured bacon, spinach, chartreuse, and bacon dustMARINATED BIG EYE TUNA with blood oranges, cucumbers and pickles chilesLOBSTER COCKTAIL coconut emulsion, water chestnuts, lemongrass and mango{Plates Around the Table}FOIE GRAS TORCHON served with duck fat friesBONE MARROWSHORT RIB STROGANOFFDUCK CONFIT PASTAFROG LEGs with a cilantro lime chimichurri{Pearls for a Spoon}CAVIAR FLATBREAD with a 63 degree egg, bacon and thymeDESSERTTHE most delicious variety of cake-like cookies that were served in container shaped like Colonel Sanders.  I had hoped for a lion with a crown, but apparently other guests had broken them and they didn't have anymore. PRICINGThe above sections range from $5 to $36 per dishThe Feast section has 3 items ranging from $95 for a free range chicken to a whole roasted giant Alaskan red king crab at $1200. The great thing about the 10pm seating was that once we were done, RRL started their midnight show.  After the midnight show, the place turns into a nightclub. Definitely check it out if you're in Vegas and want what I feel is a real Vegas experience.
1	Worst Vegas experience in a while!We had 8:45 dinner reservations for a party of six, which we arrived on-time for.  We were told the table was not quite ready and to grab a drink at the bar.  The bar was overly packed, they let way too many people in which took away from everyone's experience.  We all ordered our 20 dollar drinks and waited.  Twenty mins later we checked back at the host stand to be told "we haven't forgotten about you", your table is still not ready.  After another 40 mins of being totally ignored despite our efforts to get service, we left.
1	I wish I could leave ZERO stars.  So, we had an 8:45 reservation that I thought we may be late for, so I called to let them know that we may be a little late.  Their response was "we hold tables for 15 minutes.  Period." Ok, good to know.  We rushed to make it on time, and got there with minutes to spare.  The hostess tells us that the table will be ready in a few minutes and that we could wait in one of the bars.  10 minutes passes.  20 minutes passes. 30 minutes.  At the 40 minute mark, we see a table being cleared and the gentleman tells us that said table was for another group (one that got there after us, and who didn't have reservations).  At this point, I was over it, as was everyone else in my party.  I have never been to a place with SO many pompous employees, let alone, a place that seriously gave ZERO fucks about their clientele.  On top of everything else, I asked to speak with their GM, only to be told that they do not have one.  Thanks for nothing.
3	There is definetily nothing like this in Vegas (or anywhere in the world for that matter).  Rose. Rabbit. Lie was more than dinner it was an experience.  The details in the menu were stunning as they were sealed for each patron.  The cocktails were delicious and the shows in and out of each room were entertaining.  With that being said, our group was seated behind the actual stage and while it was fun watching each of the acts coming in and out we had an uneven table, meaning half of the table was sitting significantly lower than others.  We asked to be moved but sadly they were not able to accommodate since they were booked.  They did however make it up to us by giving us tremendous service and a complementary bottle of champagne.  The plates and servings are small and we ordered a TON to share.  I would definitely go back a second time with a small party and splurge on the show, I guarantee it is unlike anything you've done or seen in Vegas.
4	We went to the 7:30 show but skipped having dinner. The venue is really nice. Some other reviews complained about the seating but our seats were fine for the time we had to sit there. The show reminded me of Absinthe. I rather like these kind of productions so we had a good time. Not as good as Absinthe but was very entertaining. Loved the dog act.
5	After Scarpetta, we were too full for even an after dinner drink.  We went to the 9:30 show and were completely entertained.  There are a wide variety of acts, magic, comedy, audience participation, tap dancing and more!  (don't want to be a spoiler, but it's best that you leave your PETA buddies at home!) I can't wait for the BFs parents to come to town.  Then I can try their drinks, dinner, the show (different acts at different seatigs, and more drinks!
5	Talented acts and funny dirty humor make up this entertaining show! My husband and I were treated to front row seats.  The venue isn't very large so any seats would be great for viewing.   They have a couple bars for your drinking pleasure... Be warned they are pricey per drink.  With several shows per day, I was informed there are different acts in the later show than the 7:30 show we were attending.  We thoroughly enjoyed the comedy and acts.  I would describe it as a mini cirque du Soleil. Plus they have audience interaction which was hilarious and fun! After the show the talented performers will join you for a drink in the bar area outside of the venue.  Fun!  The show is definitely a delight!
4	We went in the 9:30pm show not knowing what to expect, and we were happily surprised. The show was entertaining with a wide variety of different acts. It's definitely an adult show with some non-family humor. The seatings are a bit packed together especially with the folding chairs seating that are a bit uncomfortable. Overall, the show is quite fun. Definitely a good show to see!
4	Pretty incredible show. My girlfriend and I came to the 8pm show (Living Social deal) and the seats were great. Most of the performances were fantastic....the hosts (comedic foils) got a little annoying after awhile but overall, I loved it. After the show, we sat in the bar and some of the actors were performing with the band. Pretty entertaining and fun. When my friend and I were walking around the Cosmopolitan, a promoter gave us passes for the midnight show. My friend was too tired to go so I went alone. The promoter pass was standing room only in the back but with a free drink. The show was shorter but turned into a nightclub environment. At one point, we were all dancing on the dance floor and a marching band came into the middle of the floor drumming. So cool. Add in a dancing frog for a little surrealism, too. lol. Really fun event.
4	We saw two shows during our week in vegas. MJ ONE at Mandalay, and Rose. Rabbit. Lie. at Cosmopolitan. I didn't know what to expect going in, but figured I'd get a "Vegas experience" here, and a "Cirque experience" at MJ ONE. This show was nothing short of amazing! Extremely pleased with the price of the tickets, seats, and vision/hearing to the stage. They perform right before your eyes, mingling with the audience as they go on (unscripted - see more than one to understand). The acts are all varied but carry the common theme of either impressive feats or raunchy comedy. You will love it, as long as you're not easily offended (prepare for potentially nudity, animal involvement, cursing, and sexual innuendo). If you want a truly vegas night, check this place out! Oh, and come back (free of charge) for the midnight show and after party. Also, if you're thinking dinner but aren't sure about the menu/pricing at the dinner portion of this show (as we were) I HIGHLY suggest Comme Ca over on the Strip side of Cosmo - its a few stories up with pleasant views of the strip and going on a fireworks night (we were on the fourth of July) is an - obvious- added bonus. I've heard they have good happy hour specials on their cocktails and some food. But if you miss that plates are $30/pp. Don't miss the steak & some drinks before seeing Rose. Rabbit. ENJOY!
4	I saw the 7:30 Nocturne show a few weeks ago. While it wasn't as good as Absinthe, it's a funny, entertaining show worth seeing. The small, intimate theater is perfect for the variety acts, making stunts seem more dangerous and impressive. I'm not sure how often they change the acts, but some acts mentioned in other reviews weren't in this show. But, the ones they did have were crowd pleasers -- full of raunchy humor, skill, talent, and feats of strength.We didn't have the chance to dine there, but I'd love to come back to experience the food. You'll find the talent from the show performing in the dining rooms before and after they've performed in the theater. In the theater there are two bars with specialty cocktails that'll run about $15 each.If you sign up for the Cosmopolitan's email newsletter you may receive codes for discounted tickets. You can also look on LivingSocial for discounts. According to some websites, the show will be closing any day now (possibly relocating to a different hotel/casino) so if you want to see it at the Cosmo, go now.
2	The dinner was forgettable and the show was odd. The restaurant was so loud I could barely hold a conversation. I had certain expectations for this place and it is Vegas, but the show look like it was some cheap rendition of a strip club and circus. The comedy was slapstick, the seats moved for some reason, and a super skinny lady stripped with hankerchiefs. There was also a lame bit with a pomeranian and a cannon. Yes, a real dog was placed in a cannon and an obviously stuffed dog was shot out. Take your money and go to a real Vegas show.
1	I love the ambiance of the cosmopolitan hotel, so I was excited to see their show. It was aweful. It is supposed to be a variety show with dance, magic, acrobatics, humor etc There are many talented performers in this show but the entire show as a whole was painful to sit through. I could not wait for it to be over. Vulgar, and offensive, humorless. Pong pong balls being thrown around, a stuffed animal being shot out of a cannon. Just seriously stupid.
5	We ate at Rose. Rabbit. Lie on Wednesday, July 9th and everyone and everything was amazing!  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and our server, Patrick, was fantastic! He knew exactly what to recommend off the drink and dinner menu. He's very professional and an excellent server.  The food was all cooked perfectly especially the diver scallops! Prices are very high, but it's on a special occasion so worth it! After dinner we saw the 7:30pm show and it was awesome!  Funny, entertaining, singing, the performers were all top notch.I hear they are closing on July 12th, and I'm so sad; however if rumor is true and they reopen at SLS, I will definitely be back. Talented people and service is perfection!
4	We won tickets to see Vegas Nocturne and went on a Saturday night for the 7:30 show. The venue has a speak-easy atmosphere and all the staff were very friendly. We had a drink when we arrived and one drink was all we needed:) The bartenders were awesome, had patience with our group, and helped us choose what to have without overselling. The drinks were very pricey but it's Vegas! For the show we had second row seats and before the show the performers/hosts came around and talked with us. We later learned that they were gathering intell on us to participate in the show. We didn't get included but some others around us did. The performance was amazing and was sort of a variety type show. I won't tell you much as you'll have to see if for yourself (or read other reviews that reveal more!). What I will say is that the early show is little less provocative but still very adult. The dress code is similar to a nightclub; no sneakers, no athletic wear, no shorts, etc.The show lasted about 90 minutes. Our seats were folding chairs but they weren't that uncomfortable. It might have been nice to sit a little further back in one of the more comfy chairs with a table but being close to the action was worth it. I can't say that I enjoyed one performance more than the others because they were all impressive. The ladies will enjoy the bathtub performance though;)I know others have complained about ticket prices and if I had to pay face value for what our tickets were I doubt I would have went. However, if you can find them at a decent price (less than $50) I'd say go and check this out. There's always a deal to be made in Vegas so I'm sure tickets can be found! Plus they can easily make up for it with their drink prices:) I've heard the later the show the less expensive but definitely more intense.
5	We decided to treat ourselves to a show this time. We have passed the Rose.Rabbit.Lie entrance many times, but never opted to go.While the tickets were kind of pricey I think it was worth it.  We went the entire route and dined beforehand - wow!  The food was wonderful, but expensive.  Probably my favorites were the Waldorf Salad & the Short Ribs. I only had one drink - I think it was called The Widow - it was very good, but strong. My husband had 2 of the Mark Twains & loved them.The show was fun with dirty humor & some great stunts. Pandora was amazing & the bathtub skit was great!
5	Just went for the show. Very entertaining. The humor was very funny. Drinks are steep but strong enough that a couple will do. Got the tickets thru a friend so there was no cost but I heard they are spendy. Will definitely return for the dinner and show. The food that I saw looked tasty and the prices though high aren't out of line with other spots on the strip. A definite good time
4	I had a great time here.  The show was unexpected, but was surprisingly entertaining.  It is a variety show not meant for a business meeting, if you know what I mean.  The whole venue is light-hearted and fun.  Granted the tickets are pricy and the drinks are a tad outrageous.  Also, I was a little confused when we walked into the venue.  Staff doesn't really give you the low-down when you walk in - but I guess it's all a part of the adventure.  My favorite part is the modern music that they make their own.  They take songs on the radio and the band plays them into a jazzy tune that is sure to be stuck in your head for days!
4	My wife and I went to the show this past Saturday @ 7:30. The show was great!!! The atmosphere was very trendy and the staff makes you feel very welcome. All of the entertainers were awesome and really do a great job at interacting with the crowd. We didn't have dinner but I can say drinks were pretty expensive but hey its the Cosmopolitan, it's expected. The only issue that we had was how inconvenient it was to get out of your seat. We sat in the padded bench seating area and the chairs infront of us were so close that there's no way a shorter person would be able to see over the person in front of them. It was also such a pain to get past people to go to the bar because you basically had to step on all the people in your row just to get out. That was very annoying not only to us but others in our row, so get an aisle seat.
3	I am really at a loss for what to say about Rose.Rabbit. Lie. The things that were good were great, the things that were bad were terrible. When my group first entered the bar area (separated from the stage), we were extremely pleased. Festive music was being played by a live band on a small stage to our left. People were drinking, dancing, and being merry all around. Great start to the evening. The stage area was semi impressive. It looks something like this.                      s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s                          s= seating                     s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s           |                            s s s s       _____________________   |                s s s s                     STAGE                 |   Staging Area                 s s s s        _____________________   |                     s s                                                  |                       s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s                        s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s Now for many acts, you can seat anywhere and get the same show as any one else, for other acts they use a screen and project images onto it and those sitting on the sides near the staging area can't see anything. There was also plenty of staff on the evening of our show, but no one ever walked by our group and asked if we wanted drinks (which we did). Every time we wanted something we had to squeeze out of our very tight seating and work our way to the bar. It was irritating. The acts however, were incredible. Rose.Rabbit.Lie does in fact attract some wildly talented people. A beautiful vocalist/beat boxer named Buttercup I believe, 2 young hip hop/tap dancers (this guys are insane), a woman that floats in and out of a suspended orb as though she's weightless, and a variety of other acts. For the most part the show itself is extremely entertaining. The after show was also a little frustrating. Apparently there used to be a private room, one that if you discovered, would host a most interesting after party. We found the room, only to be told it wouldn't open for another half hour, so we waited. We were then told that you needed to reserve the room before hand. We asked a server to double check, he told us we could go in, we would just need to wait about 30 minutes or so. So we waited, only to be told by another server that the room was booked up and we'd have to go. Lots of disorganization. I'd return to see Rose.Rabbit.Lie again, but I wouldn't recommend anyone else go until they've worked out the kinks in their show.
5	We did not know what to expect with this dinner and show.  The service was amazing, the food was delicious and the show was phenomenal!!  We went to the 2nd show, stayed for the 3rd and the nightclub after. Amazing!   There is so much talent in this show from the beat boxer, Butterscotch, to the tap dancing twins to Piff the magic dragon!  Can't wait to see it again!
5	The Yelp reviews do not lie, this place is pretty divine! In a nutshell, this lounge/restaurant is just really cool. It's got the speakeasy vibe down and you don't know what you're walking into until you're inside! This is a lounge and a restaurant with a show but be warned that the food comes in small tapas portions and it's pricey. I would suggest coming here for maybe a snack, cocktails and then sit in the lounge for the show and more cocktails. Or if you want to skip food all together, just go for cocktails and you can post up in the bar area of the lounge which actually provides for a better view of the entertainment!The entertainment here is quirky Vegas. They have live singers with a band and then the shows themselves include acts like tap dancers, contortionists, more live music, etc. It's a pretty cool show, especially considering there's no ticket price! The vibe here in general is one of my favorites in Vegas. The drinks here are cocktail masterpieces. I really enjoyed my Moscow Mule which is award-winning. They are all craft cocktails, made from scratch and taste delicious. We shared a couple tapas plates and the one that stood out the most was the Wagyu steak. However, like I said, they are small plates and you'll either leave hungry or spend several, several hundred dollars. But remember, you can still enjoy the experience without ordering food.I'm going to end this review with a secret tip. Look for the hidden rooms during your visit. Open any door you see because chances are, the door will lead you into a legitimate speakeasy room that's incredibly cool in vibe and filled with the best mixologists around.
5	One of the best restaurants, hands down. The food was just amazing. The live entertainment was great too! I really want to knock off a star because the server spilt a cocktail on me, but really can't knock a star because the food is divine. Also, the hostess was so awesome, she gave us a tour of all the rooms, I really enjoyed her company.
1	READ THIS!   THE SHOW HAS BEEN CANCELLED!!  Do not go expecting entertainment.All the reviews about the fabulous performances you have read no longer apply....yelp does not let me post a link, so search google for rose rabbit lie/news and you will see that Nocturne, the show, is no more.Unfortunately I didnt know that ahead of time, so we arrived for a 10pm reservation on a Friday night.  I would think, prime time.  But the "show" was really lame - nothing more than a band playing too-long versions of standard rock songs (Beatles, Prince).  Each song went on for 13 minutes so the singer could work the crowd.  Very very boring.  Another boring, no-energy singer joined the band later and she spent the entire time singing bent over the piano, singing to the piano player with her back (her gigantic posterior, actually) pointed at the crowd.  We never saw her face.  Very poor lounge act, and no magic, no contortionists, none of the stuff I read about.  A really terrible "show", which, after a while became annoying.  We paid and left after about 1 1/2 hours of this.The food and cocktails were great, and prices were reasonable by Vegas standards, though!  Pity about the terrible, annoying entertainment.  My recommendation, do not consider going here until they et their act together, literally.
5	This show is absolutely amazing! It's one of those variety shows but is so much more. The host was funny. Every act blew my mind. I don't want to spoil the show for anyone so I'm not going to go into each act.Unfortunately the ads don't give you any insight into the show which I've read and heard has ended up killing their sales. This is so sad to hear b/c the show is honestly worth any penny.BEWARE: the drinks are ridiculously expensive!
3	If you are looking for a unique fine dining experience, well you've come to the right place!  When I first got there, I had to stand in line (as if I was waiting to go to the club).  From there, we went through these gigantic double doors and arrive at a foyer with 4 other gigantic doors.  We then proceeded to the second door from the left and to our table.  Their food selections are out of the ordinary, such as bone marrow, foie gras, frog legs, etc.   The ambiance is trendy, the lights change, and every now and then you can spot a show during dinner.
5	Rose. Rabbit. Lie. was located inside the gorgeous Cosmopolitan hotel. You enter through a typical Vegas series of lines, then entered a room very reminiscent of Disneyland's Haunted Mansion beginning. It had a very fun secretive feeling.The show was the highlight of my most recent trip to Vegas. There was an open champagne bar until midnight which was fun. We had front row seats to the very fun show. It is so hard to describe this show because there was so much happening! There was a round stage that rotated with different variety acts. I don't want to ruin the surprise for you, but it was nonstop craziness! There were singers, dancers, contortionists, and dj. You couldn't get bored because there was constantly something new to see! I would go back in a heartbeat.They also offer food options which was much appreciated given the champagne bar. We tried some very yummy french fries and grilled corn with a delicious sauce. It was so nice to go somewhere with fun entertainment, dancing AND sustenance!
5	The food was excellent!! The talent and entertainment was outstanding!! Young and talented artists from poppers, tappers, to jazz musicians to good old awesome classics like "Hideee Hideee hidee ho!!" "Relax" it was so cool so sexy so fun.....best dinner show I've ever been to!  Hope to come again soon, and enjoy more of the entertainers!!Five star restaurant service, my water was never empty, and the drinks were delish!!!Favorite part was crowd participation and the entertainers involving the audience!!My husband danced for a singer (& he hates doing stuff like that, but loved it) it made our night, and it was hilarious!!
4	I did not eat or drink but the show rocked.  Do not take your mother but be prepared to be entertained.
2	MUCH BETTER IN VEGAS THAN THIS PLACE!  Don't waste your money, my wife and I have been to many other great restaurants in Vegas and this certainly is not one!  First of, the location sucks as it is next to the buffet in the convention center part of the property.  Second, the entertainment is average at best and that is if you get seated in the only area of the place that could actually see most of it.  BEWARE - the other thing they don't advertise is that the entertainment is not FREE!  You would think it would be part of the obscene food/drink prices but NO, you get hit with a charge for Live Entertainment..probably mandated but they should let you know these things..Finally, the service was terrible..had to continually wait for them to fill our wine glasses, took 15 minutes to get the check and then approx another 15 minutes to get it finalized!The only decent part of the place was the food and decor.  Again, it was "decent" at best!  They push the caviar flatbread...we could hardly tell if there was caviar on it or not...just one big egg spread over top of everything else...
5	Attention to every detail!!! From the silverware to the ambiance to the food, Rose.Rabbit.Lie is attentive to every detail to create a unique, delicious and memorable experience. We just went there on August 8th and my husband who doesn't like to go to the same restaurants over again wanted to return the following night! They have attendants in the bathroom, every type of bath and body works product in the ladies room for you to use and the servers provide excellent service. I loved the live band and entertainers who performed while you ate, they were all top notch performers. I would HIGHLY recommend anyone going to Vegas to dine here!!!
5	We were there on a Wednesday night, not prime time for entertainment, but this place was great even then! From the entrance, to the food, to the service and entertainment this place hit the right notes. A class act that could serve as an example for many other places on the strip.  If you are in Vegas, go here.  You will not regret it.
5	My dinner experience was when Nocturne was still in house, so unsure if things have changed since their departure...In one word: AMAZING!In multiple words: So unique it made my creative heart cry with happiness. This was one special dinner. The menu: Unexpected and creative. Go with an open mind.Coolest thing: Taking all into consideration, the flasks of cocktails were, by far, what I've talked about the most. Painfully hip.One piece of advice: GO! And get that chocolate dessert. Most disappointing news: Nocturne has left, so currently there is no leisurely stroll  to entertainment in the next room. It's a shame, as it was probably one of the best shows in Vegas.
1	Rose. Rabbit. LIED!! Majorly disappointed. It was not made clear that the Alice in Wonderland type experience was on hiatus, meaning Nocturne. We were encouraged to make reservations just for drinks. When we arrived, we were told there was no show. We opted to sit at the bar anyway. There couldn't have been more than 20 people in there. A band played about 5 songs and then it was "last call" around 12:30. Is this Vegas? On a Friday night? From all the hype about this venue, our experience was a lame, dead bar.
5	Well done RRL. While the ticketed show is closed, the restaurant has incorporated 30 minute acts that change & evolve throughout the night. Think speak-easy meets super club with modern tapas plates and a cocktail & wine list fit for foodies.The food, entertainment, service and decor are top notch. Perfect for a special night out or client entertaining. I will be back.
1	Rose, pretty elegant at first glance. Rabbit, I went down the Rabbit Hole. Lie, this place isnt that great. Wagyu wasnt really wagyu. Strawberry Shortcake dessert was just crumbs that cost you $12. Im glad I ate here free but even so, not worth the money. And the show is closed, no dinner and show anymore. Lies!
4	Took advantage of the Restaurant week menu last Friday at R.R.L. We had our suspicions that the place had gone through a complete restaffing.  Had no clue the show had dispersed?  The entertainment for the evening included the jazz quartet an r&b/jazz singer pulling a blonde Jessica Rabbit bit and an excellent blues singer.  A mildly entertaining poplocking duo a single tap dancer and an underaged (appearing) break dancing kid.  The food was just as excellent as always and the drinks strong as Hell.  The small charm appeals that used to mix things up seem as they have been left behind along with Nocturne it appears.  All in all still a good time.  I'd have to be blunt & honest to say with the missing attractions I'd be forced to knock it down a star.
5	I was really impressed with the place in all aspects: lighting, decor, ambiance, entertainment, service but most of all the food...I mean really like the 'steak frites' were AMAZING! We got top notch service from William  and he wasn't bad lookin' if you know what I mean (wink wink). The entertainment was live and upbeat...I mean really who knew they had singers and a live band every night, might I add. I had an unforgettable dining experience and will be back soon!
2	This is for the restaurant.I hate to go from 5 stars, to 4 stars, to 2 stars, but dinner was a definite miss for me.They NO LONGER HAVE THE SHOW.  Vegas nocturnal is no longer next door, so all they have are a few singer and dancers performing every 30 mins or so, but its not what it was before. Sadly its Vegas so you can see this almost anywhere.  They weren't bad, but nothing was memorable.  Oh its an its very loud... I know some people are sensitive to a lot of noise at restaurants.Food was just ok.  I liked the foie gras, but otherwise it wasn't very memorable.  I wouldn't get the flatbread... flavors were all over the place.  Wagyu was super salty, but well cooked.   Portions are very small.  By the way, they charged us for TAP water!!!  Not a deal breaker, but the lack of transparency is why I am reviewing them on yelp.I feel like I should have left when they told us there was no more show.  I would have preferred to have known, then maybe I wouldn't have wished to have gone elsewhere to eat.
1	Extremely slow service and ridiculously small portions..had to get more food after, to fill our selves..of it wasn't for the awesome band..this place would have been really bad..i still give out a low rating since its a food review and this was slow service on a Thursday night.
4	This restaurant is one of a kind here in Vegas for overall experience. Although they no longer have the show, there are 6 different rooms in this entire venue. The decor is vintage chic and the food is innovative and whimsical. During dinner you will have live entertainment with musicians, singers, and dancers using all parts of the dining room. During their gig, the music is pretty loud so don't expect too much conversation but they are entertaining. Dinner style is meant for sharing but portion size for many dishes suggest to share for 2. For dinner my highlights were the Crispy Chicken, Pork Belly, and Beet and Avocado Salad. I also really enjoyed their take on a strawberry shortcake. You have to try it Yum!! I wouldn't say I dislike any of the other things I ate, the others were just not memorable.
5	Loved it.  Don't know why people are complaining about the food, because I thought everything was exceptional.  I had the salmon and the shrimp / corn thing, and both were flavorful, well-done, and delicious.  Yes, the plates are small, but the waiter told us first thing that it was "tapas-style" and they recommend three plates per person.  We did two, and that was plenty.  Most of our group had a hard time narrowing down what we wanted because so many things looked so tasty.Don't know why people are saying there's no show, because there was entertainment all evening long.  There were a few of great lounge singers and a couple of dance acts, and all were outstanding.  Yes, it's loud; there's a show going on.The chocolate terrarium was pretty damn cool, reminded me of Coquette's "chocolate garden" but taken to another level entirely.The drinks were outstanding.  They were very small, and that's my only wish for this place.  Be prepared, it's expensive (we spent $100/person), but you're getting so much for it all--outstanding food, great service, and a huge show--I can't complain.
2	I'm going two stars on this mainly because the bar service was the worst. It took 20 minutes before we got our drinks. No word of a lie, we had our appetizers before we had our first round of drinks. If you're going to charge people $16 per drink, make sure you can deliver it within a reasonable amount of time.Other than that, the food was excellent, the show was cool. I think we'd go back, but I'd make sure we were good and drunk first...cause this place obviously doesn't want to accommodate that.
4	Fun. Had one drink and it was a good one. Forgot which one but this place rocks.
2	I have a professional pastry background and was severely disappointed with the lemon mousse. It was a plate of drops of "sauce" with a very small, 1mm thick short bread cookie. It looked like a plate with decorations that was missing the actually mousse for $12. The group I was with ordered a number of dishes and some were ok but others were 1/10th of the size you would expect for the price, even factoring in the fine dining aspect. The music was extremely loud.
5	Great food and the service was wonderful ! Try the beef stroganoff , was amazing ! Oysters Rockefeller were delicious . There was a jazz band that played while we had dinner and they were IMPRESSIVE ! Incredible entertainment !
2	Great food, delicious actually, but way overpriced based on the level of service provided. Every restaurant in the Cosmo seems to think they're the only option in town until they have locals who come once and never again, as is my experience and RRL. The GM Julio actually took the time to come over to our table (per our request) to say hello, however he missed a HUGE opportunity to gain repeat business by acting like our $400 tab was insignificant although we were the only table eating and added insult to injury as he walked passed us multiple times in the "club" area afterwards without so much as a simple hello or thank you. Sls who only have 3 weeks under their belt are so far ahead of this spot in customer service it's sad. See you at Katsuya!!!!
5	I am always in search of my next great culinary experience. Recently my quest for flavors took me to Rose.Rabbit.Lie. From the minute the giant double doors opened I could tell I was going to be in for a treat.  The atmosphere is hip, chic, upscale but comfortable and not overly pretentious. Our server (Patrick) was friendly,knowledgeable, funny, patient and enhanced our experience. Food is served tapas style (read:little portions).  Normally I am a quantity kinda girl, but in this case the quality and presentation of the food made up for the modest portions. The flavors and textures where amazing. The roasted corn, caviar flat bread, duck confit and short rib stroganoff where my favorites. The frog legs, pork belly and rabbit were also incredibly good.  The only thing that I wouldn't order again were the heavenly eggs, they were interesting and sort of tasty but I'd rather spend my calories and money on something more satisfying.Speaking of money, this place is pricy.  But I have paid more for less atmosphere, and lower quality food so I am ok with with the pricing.  As I like to say "it's not about the money, it's about the experience".   My  experience was phenomenal and thus worth every penny.I plan on saving up my pennies and going back just as soon as I can so that I can experience the other items on the menu.
5	For my 700th review, may I present, with bated breath... Rose.  Rabbit.  Lie.My husband had never been to Vegas.  I, on the other hand have been about 2 dozen times.  I will save my breath about the show since it is now defunct (go see absinthe, it's practically the same), but I will RAVE, absolutely RAVE about the restaurant.  For his birthday and pre-deployment hurrah we decided to go all out in Vegas.  And I mean ALL OUT.  We went to Joel Robuchon, Bobby Flay (okay not as fancy, but yummy), and Picasso's.  Picasso's set me back about $550 and was BORING, but that is another review.  RRL blew my palate out of the water.The menus are sealed with wax.  I love little nuances that take a human touch.  It was cute, it was charming, and it had me at hello.  We started with the Morel Spaghetti.  By far my favorite mushroom, I'm a bit tired of truffles these days, morels sing a great song of decadence and heartiness to me.  The dish was robust with morels taking center stage with microbursts of spice from the wood sorrel, another favorite.Gougeres.  What else can I say, except they were perfect in every way.  Wish there were a few more.Hubby had the Crispy Oysters Rockefeller.  I'm highly allergic to shellfish so I cannot comment on these except for the fact that while ordering another drink, taking a bite, then looking up, he had eaten them all.  Very Walrus and the Carpenter of him... The time has come... to order more.  And he did.For mains we shared:Short Rib Stroganoff- perfect and richCrispy Berkshire Pork Belly- fatty, deliciousBrussel Sprouts with crispy chicken skin hands down my favorite item on the menu.  The portion was rather large and not overly greasy.  As the name suggests the skin of the chicken was quite crisp.  The sprouts themselves were done in such a way the bitterness was replaced with a crunchy, sweet, welcoming flavor I've only ever experienced in my own kitchen on accident.  To send my husband off to war.. again.. what is this our 13th deployment?  Spec Ops is busy these days!  I ordered him the $50 bananas foster.  It was big enough for 5 people.  It's quite the show if you are a BF fan.  Make sure your waiter is aware of the curtains over some of the chandeliers, they seem a bit low, and the flame does seem a bit high.  Presentation of all the food was marvelous.  The tastes exploded on my tongue.  Service was wonderful and other patrons were impeccably dressed.  No backwards hats or yardstick beers here.  I wore a navy pant romper with gold heels, dior purse, and 3 inch long eyelashes.  DH dressed like he just stepped off of a John Varvatos runway.  Please, if you come here, dress to impress, if only to show respect to the establishment.Afterwards we went to the "study" which was lined with records and bartenders eager to please.  We got our cocktails in glasses that SPIN.  I have a video, but yelp doesn't like it when I post videos. We were able to drink the night away in great lighting, fantastic company (no hookers at the bar trying to pick us up a la Vegas style) and pick some music from the plethora of LPs lining the walls.Never in my entire marriage have I had a better date night than the one I spent at RRL.  Come for the food, enjoy the chaos around you, but most of all, relax and indulge.  For less than half of what we spent at Picasso's, it's quite affordable and worth every dime.
5	what a gem in the Cosmo hotel, the food was amazing. we started with the calamari and it was probably the best calamari I have ever had, the crispy chicken was also very tasty, the short ribs is an item I would also recommend.  when it comes to drinks they are top notch as well I recommend the Mark Twain which was a very unique and tasty scotch cocktail.  the entertainment was great as well. overall a great experience and would recommend to all my friends when they visit Vegas.
3	Not impressed, waiter not attentive to empty drinks. Expensive small plates, won't be back! Entertainment ok
4	Enjoyed my very first meal in Vegas here! Our table of 10 was seated off to the side in the restaurant area, which was nice because it was loud in the main room with the performers. The table ordered a lot of tapas to share - 2 or 3 per person was plenty. Was expensive, but nice to get to try almost everything on the menu. Service was attentive and friendly and everything was cooked to perfection. Had some friends from New Zealand who loved the jazz entertainment.
2	I'm so confused.  I thought this was entertainment and a meal, but there were no dancers, singers, jugglers or magicians.  It was just small expensive plates, and LA style service (read: they don't care).Only issues I had were they wouldn't substitute out the foie gras.  I agree that it should be illegal to serve tortured animals, so I tried to get something other than foie gras atop my appetizer.  No substitutions.  Fine, I get it.  Secondly, they kept wheeling dirty dishes around the restaurant.  Strange, and unappealing.  Beef Wellington was hella expensive ($275) and took forever.  Over 45 minutes from when we ordered.  It would be fine if this place were conducive to dinner conversation, but it's louder than STK, but without the ambiance.  It's an experience.  But it's different for the sake of being different.  Super expensive. Sadly, I doubt they have many repeat diners.
5	I absolutely love this place! Totally hip, trendy and fun! It reminds me of one of my favorite restaurants back home in Pittsburgh. Every single plate we ordered was delicious!Brioche rollsBrussel sproutsBartlett pear saladCrispy chickenBeef strogBone marrowCaviar tacoSteak fritesAmazing! It's hard to choose a favorite but I would say the sprouts, beef strog and the caviar taco were the best. Also, I only ordered one caviar taco since I didn't want to fill up my stomach too quickly and I almost laughed when it came out because it was the size of my thumb but it was the perfect tasting size!  I love small plates so I can try everything. Now, for dessert, I was actually disappointed. We tried the chocolate terrarium because of course it was the must try but frankly, it was just too much chocolate for me. I would have rather spent the $35 to try a multitude of different tasting desserts. And service was superb but keep in mind this was on a Wednesday night. Overall, I absolutely fell in love with this restaurant and I will most certainly return!Fun for girls night out or a fun date night!
2	This is place is alright, mostly because the staff is super nice and very helpful, other than that this place is a little bit of bust.  Went with a big group and practically saw no performance, saw the end of the first act and then it took over 30mins or so for the next singer to come on who sung well, but was missing some pizzazz! Was told the food was family style but actually it was more like tapas.  Spent about $90 a person to still leave hungry (food was awesome but tiny!) and sober, not really my idea of money well spent.  The decor was nice, but I feel a little mislead about what I was getting...21% entertainment tax for a cruise line type band kind of not worth it.  Again the staff and reservations team are great, but I feel this place needs a makeover because it has potential to be great.
1	Eating at this place is like riding a psychotic horse towards a burning stable! Went with group of 28 we all got sat behind the bar. Menu was preset that was fine but from here on out a disaster appitizer round was good but table next to us get served apps they start to eat them.. Server then comes back says opps not your food they pick up three trays and take it directly to another table not in our party! After we had eaten off it!! Wow!  The we get to salad course, our table 12 people the served 3 small salads for us all to eat. We ask server and he said that's all the kitchen made.. Ok we rack rolled off a few berries and laughed.. Entry's start to arrive all of us out of water and drinks.. All get food except two of us. 10 min later ask server and his answer is to look around and find one on another table and other and end of our table so he grabs them and puts them in front of us.. Again already been eaten on by other people. Now I ask for manager telling him what's going on (manager with Beard) who in forms me that I have it all wrong and since I am not the host who is paying go sit down!! Your kidding me right? So bake to my seat still no one has water or drinks our whole table of 12 gets up and goes to the bar. We never went back for last course nor did they serve it. Entertainment was band in the bar room and we asked about the back and we were told by bartender they shut it down because being sued by another hotel. So... Please don't waist your time here service worst I have ever seen manager who could give a shit and no entertainment!
4	The main thing going for this place Is the cool decor, live entertainment, and great drinks. This is a good place to go with a group so you can try all the different small plates style menu items. The best thing we tasted was the tartare. The least tasty item was the duck confit pasta - it wasn't bad but you get very little duck and the noodles were bland. We tried two desserts - the drumstick (Jameson gelato, salted caramel, and peanut butter ice cream) which was bomb and we also tried the butterscotch pudding which was OK but lacked any real pop. Presentation of all the items were beautiful. The server was quick and friendly. Oh, and make sure to try the drinks. The Mark Twain was fantastic and comes with  spinning glass!
5	We went on a September Saturday night for dinner and drinks, knowing that while there was no official show, there might be some entertainment that went along with our meal.  And that is exactly what we got.We had reservations.  From the looks of things, we would not have had a problem getting in without.  Loved the Vegas unique feel of the juggler gal sitting on a desk near the front. (restaurants don't have that in Raleigh)  Were seated at a table for two that was not far from where the entertainment appeared.  Service was efficient and at a relaxed pace, which married with the quality. Note:  you can go super expensive here, or you can have a high-quality, unique experience for a not-break-the-bank price. (by Vegas standards).  We each started with a nice drink.  I did the El Diablo which was quite good.  Husband had a bourbon or whisky drink which he liked.  We each had a salad...I did the snow pea one with pancetta, pecorino and sherry vinaigrette.  Very light and refreshing.  Husband had the "Warm Bloomsdale Spinach Salad  Grilled Shiitakes, Goat Cheese, Marcona Almonds, Soy Dressing".  He liked it very much.  We also started with the incredible Gougeres.  YUM!  Rolls/ savory cream puffs with oozing cheese...sigh!I then had to try the Duck Confit Pasta with Swiss Chard, Parmesan Cream and White Wine.  I loved it!  Rich, yet light at the same time...perfectly executed...mmmmmm!  Husband went with one of our Server's recommendations, which was the Short Rib Stroganoff.  So rich and meaty, yet light as well.  Wonderful!Getting full, we opted for some nice French Press coffee, and needing something lighter than the infamous Chocolate Terrarium (which we did get to see, as a table near us got it...very cool!)...we went with the Butterscotch Pudding.  This might well be the most unique dessert we've ever had!  Certainly never had pudding like this.  Small balls of fluffy pudding, with a bit of a crunchy topping, vanilla caramel,  and fabulous tiny squares of candied pumpkin.  WOW!Meanwhile, we had about a half hour of live entertainment that enhanced our meal.  There was terrific band that played 70's type R&B.   Think Al Green.  Top that off with a terrific tap dancer who danced the rhythm to a couple tunes and it was very enjoyable.  Do note that they added an "entertainment tax" to our bill of around $11.  (not sure what they base it on).  We found it to be worth it.
5	2 words... AMAZING EXPERIENCE.  Walking in, I felt like i had gone into a time machine that transported me to a 1960's jazz night club in New York City.  The decor was beautiful, the atmosphere was lively and the entertainment was OUTSTANDING.  I went here to celebrate my 27th birthday.  I haven't even gotten to the heavenly food yet.  Everything was had was amazing and the entire group of 7 of us agreed.  Some of my favorite dishes from the night: Heavenly Egg, Slow Roasted Octopus, short rib stroganoff & all their deserts.I also felt like I didn't even need to go see a show that night, because the restaurant provides that.  There was a tap dancer, several singers and an amazing dancer.  This was an EXPERIENCE and I can't wait to go back to Vegas again JUST to come here.
5	Went to dinner on a Saturday night. The food was AH-mazing. So delish. They had a few performers during our meal. A gentleman who sang like some dude in the rat pack. And a soulful woman who sang the blues. Very cool!
5	A super fun cabaret/dining experience that was exactly what we needed to springboard a fun night in Vegas.When we were seated just to the right of the band, I thought we were in for a long or maybe short night.  It was loud, and we were still shaking off the cobwebs from the previous work day and travel.  But after a break from the band, we were able to settle in and talk and eat and drink, and then when the next set started, with an incredible soul singer and dancer, we were fully onboard.  The menu is a lot more complex than you'd expect from the atmosphere.  The drinks were a little too methodical and overpowering, but they did the job.  The wine list is very good and complimented the food well.  Lots of dishes with egg or caviar, and they are all spectacular.  This is a perfect spot for people who need a little encouragement to relax and have fun.
2	I wasn't wow'd by the restaurant. We were there for a company dinner and we're stuck in the back of the restaurant away from the "cabaret" show (basically the show was in the other room). We had 2 people in our party with food allergies and the chef didn't allow for changes to any of the plates to accommodate. One of the guests had to eat miniature salads all night because that was the only thing on the menu she could eat. The service was slow! We asked for wine glasses all around and they left out one of the guest's glass. I think that's because the waiter dropped and shattered it on the floor before giving it to her, then forgot to replace it. All in all I don't think I'll be back.
5	Honestly, the best experience I've had in Vegas. Decor, food, entertainment are all top notch. I went with a large group back in January 2014 and Hali made sure we were treated like royalty. We started with dinner, and had some one of the best meals I've ever had. We were then escorted into the show room. The performances were wildly entertaining; my entire group had a blast. At the end of the show, as they were announcing the bottle service, the spotlight was suddenly shone upon me and I was presented with a complimentary bottle of champagne. They definitely know how to make a guest feel special and appreciated.
1	Call ahead or don't bother. We tried to visit Rose. Rabbit. Lie. twice this week and found it closed and the corridor of the hotel leading to it completely deserted. The first time on Monday was our fault because they are usually closed on Mondays. However, we double checked their posted hours and came back at 11:00PM on Tuesday and once again found locked doors. I called the phone number for the restaurant listed on their website twice and was re-directed to the Cosmopolitan front desk. The girl said "they should be open, but maybe they changed their hours again" and then hung up. I called back and was hung up on a second time. We were very disappointed and I can't see how this place will stay in business much longer if they close early every night.
5	Freakin outstanding!  From the ole school signature cocktails to the decor that makes you feel like you've been teleported to the hay days of the 20's. Tapas were killer, especially the short ribs, octopus and brussels sprouts for which I do consider myself a leading sprouts expert. The changing entertainment from DJ to jazz to break dancing is superb. Now the one thing that blew me away was the cocktail glasses that spin. If I don't get these for serving up bourbon at Christmas there will be hell to pay.
3	Food was good, but...lost our reservation and sat us in the bar, but ok.  Then our table was totally broken and falling apart, when we inquired about it we were told that they could 't afford nice tables....umm, really??
2	I came here for dinner to celebrate one of my friends birthdays. There were 6 of us and the bill was almost $1000. I understand it's dinner and a show but we couldn't even see the show (Btw, there's a LET live entertainment tax charge). The stage was blocked on so many levels from where our table was. The performers go around the restaurant but we still barely got to see them. The entire place was also very crowded and awkward. They have these huge carts they push around to serve food and dessert. It got slammed into my friends chair on multiple occasions. Anyways, the food itself was alright. We got the beef Wellington with a BUNCH of other sides. Our waiter told us that what we ordered wasn't enough so he was going to double some of the orders with his judgement. Somehow he convinced us to agree... Which I think was a huge mistake. It ended up being waaaaay too much food. We were all pretty stuffed by the time the main course came out. Then we had dessert too. Oh well. I'm most likely not coming back here again which kinda sucks because I had such high hopes for this place after reading all the reviews :(
4	Great place to entertain or have date night.  The entertainment was great and the food was equally good.  You must have the caviar tacos!!!The entrance looks like a speak easy and there's a juggler out front to greet  you. But bring a few bucks it isn't cheap.  They had a $1200 crab dish.They sat us in the back so it was kinda hard to see the jazz musicians.  I guess you have to have a large party or get there early to get the primo seats. If I had gotten better seats I would have given this place 5 stars.Note: They are in "transition" aka possible closure... so they blocked access to half the  dining room, we were only able to see half the stage.
3	I finally got to check out this place after hearing all about it from friends. The inside is really pretty and busy. There is always something going on. We were 3 minutes late to our reservation, and we ended up sitting at the bar waiting for almost an hour. I mean come on..we were 3 minutes late! 6 drinks later, we were finally seated, but didnt order much food due to all the alcohol that we had just consumed. Overall, the food was OK -tiny portions. Overall, don't know if I would come back.
3	I really wanted to like this place but after sitting for 10+ mins without a server acknowledging us and me having to get up to find the manager, our mood was soured. The saving grace was the very attentive busboy who refilled our water multiple times while every other server in the place walked on by. Once we did get service, the dessert and cocktails we chose were delicious. The entertainment was several lively and very loud singers, which made it hard to have a conversation. Considering the place wasn't crowded it was a bit strange that we were sat next to a column so we were actually unable to see the singers. We were also surprised that we were charged a live entertainment tax (without warning) in addition to the sales tax.
2	Entertainment was good. The food, not so much. Ever seen deep fryed oysters rockerfeller? Pretty much as you'd expect. How about an espresso for $14.00 or this ridiculous horrible, chocolate, dessert thing they have for $30.00+. 2 people excluding wine was $250.00. Go to China Poblano or Jaleo for dinner. Then walk down and have a drink and see the show.
5	"Grand Social Experiment"Enjoyed some phenomenal tapas style dishes and great live entertainment 10.29.14... The ambiance is impeccable and the live entertainers were such a great touch during dinner! *The bone in Ribeye was extremely delicious*The Salmon was very moist and equally delicious*The Gratin potatoes were packed with flavor*Baby Beets and avocado yum!!I'm obsessed with my souvenir flask! I will definitely return and if your interested in an intimate dinner followed by dancing Rose Rabbit Lie is a must
3	Sadly, classic case of caveat emptor in Vegas. Truely a unique experience, I've recommend RRL to everyone.  I would like to think it was just a bad night, but alas my experience is likely indicitive of a bigger issue.The bottom line: since last visit prices increased and portion size decreased. (I wish I had realized this last night as the owner happen to be seated at a table behind us with his friends and we had a long conversation about how much we loved the place.)Took a friend for her 40th birthday as a treat. At first glance in looking at the menu the prices seamed higher than I recalled, but not until comparing reciepts at home today (and the menu here in yelp) was it confirmed. I also left last time feeling full and satisified. This time ordered more and more, but alas left not so full.Examples of some of the changes:- Calamari    Previous Price: $10 (also price they show on menu online)     Last night: $14- Short Rib Stoganoff    Previous Price: $19 (also price they show on menu online)     Last night: $34    Also, look at the pics of fellow yelpers, it used to be 3 portions of rib with  pieces of pasta. Last night it was only 1 with garnish. (not exactly a big plate portion as indicated)For roughly the same meal, last time our check was just under $200 for 2 people including a bottle of wine. Last night, with the addition of a flatbread, but otherwise the same meal just over $400.  ouch!There are more examples, but you get the idea. I'm sure RRL would say they are just a business adjusting prices based on food costs, and the one time out-of-towners on expense accounts won't bat an eye.As a local this went from being my go-to-special plate, to a place that's not quite worth it. (sadly)  Since RRL has entertainment, they charge the LET tax plus sales tax (18%), so that on top of inflated prices and smaller portions...  too much for this gal.I'm including my prvious review below as context .Review from 8/22 visit 5 StarWell done RRL. While the ticketed show is closed, the restaurant has incorporated 30 minute acts that change & evolve throughout the night. Think speak-easy meets super club with modern tapas plates and a cocktail & wine list fit for foodies.The food, entertainment, service and decor are top notch. Perfect for a special night out or client entertaining. I will be back.
5	I cannot even begin to express how much I enjoyed Rose. Rabbit. Lie.!  I've been to Vegas many times, but this is so far, the best experience I've had in Vegas. Spent five days in Vegas a couple weeks back and decided to have a fancy date night on our first night in the city. I had heard from a friend that this place was supposedly "really good". Thought this would be a great place to kick off our Vegas vacation. Had reservations at 9pm, but when we got there, our table wasn't ready. We were escorted to a lounge that resembled a mini library while we waited for our table, which we didn't really mind because we had wanted to get pre-dinner drinks anyways. As the door for the lounge opened, another door leading to the main dining room opened up and it felt like a different world hidden behind the door. Definitely got me excited for our dinner. The lounge was quiet compared to the door we had just walked by. It definitely had a Great Gatsby feel. We tried Airmail and El Diablo, both delicious, but I enjoyed Airmail more. Once we finished our drinks, we were escorted into the main dining room. Decor was great and I loved the lighting in the restaurant. As soon as we sat down, a band started to play. I was sitting back to back with the band with a partition between us. As the music started to play, I said how awesome that there was a band in the other room, and then as I said that the partition started to go down and I was watching the band from behind. It was really cool that the partition goes down, because then even in our part of the restaurant, we could watch the entertainment as well. The band was great, so was the kid that was tap dancing on the piano. Now let's get to the good part -- the food!Rose. Rabbit. Lie was a great place for us because we are small plates type of eaters. We love food so when given the opportunity to try a number of dishes, we are happy. Started off with the gougeres, which is like a soft biscuit filled with truffle mornay sauce. That was good, but not the greatest thing. We also got the oysters on the half shell. Four oysters with a trio of sauces -- cognac cocktail sauce, mignonette, and horseradish sorbet. Used all three and the combination was amazing. Oysters were really fresh too! We also got the Heavenly Eggs, which I had seen on the menu, but didn't seem too exciting. However, our amazing server convinced us to try these and I am SO glad he did! Rather pricey at $6 each for a small piece of egg custard with black truffle. But OMG! So delicious! If you come to Rose. Rabbit. Lie, you HAVE to order this. Something different for sure but you won't regret it. We almost got another order. After that, we moved on to the brussel sprouts, which has crispy chicken skin, manchego, and paprika. They were good, but I think next time I will order a new dish to try in its place. Got the bone marrow, which was really good as well! Also ordered the duck confit pasta, and I would definitely order this again. Sometimes pasta with a cream sauce can leave me feeling heavy and full, but not this. A smaller serving of pasta than usual, but then again we were sharing everything. I might have to get my own order next time :P We ended our meal with small chocolate truffles served on ice for dessert and those were good too, really smooth and not too sweet.If you're looking for something different to do in Vegas, I highly recommend going to Rose. Rabbit. Lie. I wouldn't recommend it for a first date since it does get loud in there, making it hard to talk. But the ambiance and live entertainment is great, food and its presentation is amazing, service is wonderful, and it's just such a fun experience! I will definitely be going back.
1	Was here for a private room party. The food was great, drink was great, the service staff was cool. Place was beautiful.Why an "Eek! Me think not" rating?Along with dessert I was the only one that night who ordered coffee, I wound up with minor food poisoning.  Most likely the milk was tainted.So if anyone is interested at this place I would say go for it but definitely AVOID getting coffee.
5	Loved this place. From the second we walked in we felt like we were in a 1920's underground jazz club.  The entertainment included a house band with a rotating cast of acts including a blues singer, a tap dancer and a juggler. While the band took a break, a DJ kept up the electric atmosphere with updated mixes of Gatsby era dance tunes. The food was inventive and rich. A great accompaniment to the atmosphere and entertainment but I didn't think it took center stage.
4	We went to Rose Rabbit Lie just for some cocktails. We sat at the bar and enjoyed several different hand crafted specialty cocktails. It was a fun atmosphere and got even better when the performers started their acts. The performers are good and very interactive with the patrons really working the floor and room. Very unique place even for Vegas. I recommend it to anyone looking to try something different.
5	I did not go to Vegas thinking I would eat at Rose. Rabbit. Lie. My friend and I decided to try it on a whim. I had read about it and was skeptical based on the reviews; some good and some bad. We went anyway just to try it; and were ready for anything.Our reservation was for 11:15pm, after the Britney concert. When we arrived we were taken trough what looked like a "secret door'. We sat right by the stage and were able to see the entire show. The show was very speakeasy feeling; all the acts were wonderful. Some people complain about the noise and yes, it can get a little loud but I was still able to converse with my friend.The food is phenomenal as well. Dining works as tapas and are shared with the table. Our waiter was awesome and let us know if we should be ordering more or were ordering too much. He also answered any questions we had and gave excellent reccomendations. I definitely reccomend the caviar tacos. If I return (which I am sure I will) I would order more than one. The frog legs were also wonderful. The entire menue was very ecclectic and different; the only way I would not reccommend this resturant was people in your party are not avdenturous diners or picky eaters.There is also a second bar which is thorugh a different secret door. It looks like a lounge and very 1920's with big leather chairs. We were not able to get a drink as it was closed for the night. I will definitley get a drink from there next time I go though.I cannot say enough good thngs about Rose. Rabbit. Lie. I am reccommending it to evryone I talk to! If you want a one of a kind dining experience go to Rose. Rabbit. Lie.
4	Really fun time kind of like and I show and dinner and drinks kids dancing on the piano awesome singers recommend this place for a different party
4	I was not sure about wanting to come to Rose. Rabbit. Lie. for dinner. I like my meals to be, well, meals.  I don't need my restaurant to blend into a club and a bar and whatever else the ads say about this place.  I also heard about this place in its previous format - when Vegas Nocturne was still part of the experience.  Now that it has departed the supper club is more like a speakeasy with really good food.Our server was extremely knowledgeable.  He had multiple things to say about every single item on the menu (and not just repeating the ingredient list).  He was able to make recommendations based on our personal likes and dislikes, as well as based on the size of our group.  He told us about the one special for the evening and really sold it to us.  Not that white truffles need to be sold.One of the most memorable parts of the evening was when the chef brought out the big honkin aforementioned white truffle.  He wanted to say hi personally and show us the $2000 worth of truffle he had in his possession.  When the dish was served later he also brought it out personally and shaved the truffles at the table.  It was a really nice touch to have that kind of service.Overall, the service was impeccable.  We had a few dishes sent out complimentary just because chef thought we would like them.  We had the bartender make us a drink on very vague direction and it was outstanding.  The entertainment was impossibly good, including tap dancers, a woman with a great set of pipes, and a kid who looks like he could be a grifter on the strip but is instead charming everyone in Rose. Rabbit. Lie.Overall it's a wonderful place to go and have a different experience.  It's not your normal night out for dinner, and it's probably not for everyone.  Since most of the menu is for sharing, it can get very expensive very fast.  I also assume that if it's a slow night your experience may not be as great.  That said, it's definitely worth it to check out something more than just another celebrity chef restaurant on the strip.
2	Honestly, I was kind of disappointed. The small plates were pretty good, however the entrees were underwhelming. Plus, they didn't serve the entrees all at the same time, at least a 10 minute spacing, frustrating when your entrees are $50 each. Additionally, they don't have the big show right now, it's "seasonal". They did have a live band, which was nice, but not what we were expecting. Oh, and they charged you $2 for tap water....lame. I wouldn't go again. Nothing special besides the atmosphere.
3	Ambience says a great deal. The place is well designed and has a great atmosphere. The cocktails were decent but probably on the less interesting side. I was excited to see a few menu items, in particular, Foie Gras which they don't serve in CA anymore. Was subpar. The food was good but not spectacular. One thing that surprised me was the Salmon en Papillote was served (and probably cooked) not in parchment paper but in a clear vellum plastic.On a brighter note - the deserts were solid. Plentiful and unique in presentation, flavor, etc. great work Ben and Steph, the masters of the dessert universe.
3	Our first time as VIP guest and normally would pass on something like this based on how it's billed, as we don't care for the complete mix when dining out Vegas or otherwise.  Dinner for dinner.  If we want a show we'll go to a show.  Anyhow, this night 11/8/14 was pretty cool.  They featured a house jazz band that rotated singers and a tap dancer for about an hour.  It was a nice addition to a food experience that while good, was a bit over the top for my everyday taste.  Then again this is Vegas.  Two salads, 1 glass of wine and one wiskey smash, brioche rolls, house made pizza, jidori chicken, farm carrot and campfire s'mores - which were all pretty good - not huge portions mind you, got out of their for under $120.  Bout what I expected.  Would I return, maybe - it's more of a experience it once type joint for me.  Also, it's tucked way in the back of the property so it's quite a hike in which to get to, let alone find.
5	What a surprise , we didn't know what to expect.Stepping out of the cosmopolitan buffet , we saw the entrance to the rose rabbit lie (very unique name). Although the place was not working yet , a nice young lady was happily ready to give us a tour.We booked a table for that evening.We came in and what a party that was.Live shows, singing , dancing , DJ playing music in one room , while a great voice lady sings the jazz.The food was great and everything tasted wonderful.The presentation was different and exciting and all together , we loved it and we will come back for sure.
5	I don't even know where to begin.There is no other place like this in Vegas. This HAS IT ALL!Cool vibe, Great atmosphere, Wonderful music and entertainment, Good service, Mouth-Watering food and Unique drinks!The Setting - - Went here on a Saturday night with the husband and 2 out-of-town friends.  It was a first for all of us and we weren't sure what to expect.Started off in the bar area.  Small, enclosed and separate room off the main restaurant area.  Little did we know there's a door that connects the 2, but it's a different door than the one you enter in from check-in.There's a separate little alcove in the bar... so we sat in there to chat and catch up while our table was prepared. (We were a few minutes early.)The Restaurant - - It's like walking into another dimension ... dark like a club, but with the ambiance and setting of a lounge all set in an Alice-In-Wonderland meets Michelangelo meets New Orleans Jazz Club meets Cirque-du-Soleil feel and vibe.Basically...  it's ULTRA COOL and Fantastic!We fell in love with it immediately.The Drinks - - Hand crafted and incredibly unique.  You really do need to be adventurous, and just trust them because unless you are a crazy bartender that makes all kinds of drinks... you won't recognize half the ingredients.The Food - - Even more reason to fall in love with this place.  Almost every dish they brought out was phenomenal.There were only a couple that were "very good".Most were ... "Oh, It's Gone, Let me lick the plate and Let's order another" type of dish.The style is family or tapas style (but not Spanish).... so small plates meant to be shared.We ordered a number of different items.  The most noteworthy and exceptional were: the Steak Tartare, the Rabbit, the Pork Belly, the Seared Scallops and the Short Ribs.  I've never had Steak Tartare before and now I'm a fan.  This one was rich and creamy.  Oh man... while writing this ... I'm re-living the bites right now.The menu changes slightly so what's posted on-line isn't exactly the same as what we saw.Oh!  Save Room for Dessert!!!They have a number of amazing looking desserts.  One is a chocolate dessert that comes in a glass dome and looks like a plant... it's all edible.  We didn't get this but the table next to us did and they really enjoyed it.  I saw S'mores on the menu and almost got that until my eyes saw Bananas Foster... and Yes, it's done tableside... Flames and All!While it wasn't the best ever BF I've ever had. (I'm something of a BF snob.) It certainly was very rich, very sweet and very sinful.  They don't flame the bananas for very long so you can definitely taste the rum. Oh Yea!  Lick The Plate!The Entertainment - - Live music... so it was a bit loud and hard to hold a conversation but it is Fantastic.We also saw a Tap Dancer.... he was Amazing! Tap Dancing is not a lost art... it's alive and well at RRL and it's not to be missed.We also saw a juggler-slash-contortionish. She was pretty darn flexible and coordinated. (something I'm not) So, we were impressed and wow-ed!Overall - - Totally going again!  Maybe next month... Too soon?  Nah!  :)(PS - - Location: It's near/next to Wicked Spoon.)
4	Food- 4/5 Most of the appetizers were a bit underwhelming. The main was stellar and makes the restaurant memorable.Value- 3/5 Most dishes were a bit overpriced for what you got. Bone Marrow was definitely a great value. Brussel Sprouts also had a good portion size. Ambiance- 5/5 Exceptional ambiance. 3 different rooms with slightly different curation. Very nice decor and lighting.  Service- 3/5, have to ding here. I must have asked 4 people for extra bread for our steak tartare and our bone marrow, and I finally get the extra bread an hour later after we already finish those dishes. DISHES TASTEDSteak Tartare- 4/5 Good quality, nothing special you can't get anywhere else.Bone Marrow- 5/5 Highly recommend. Great mix of flavors and nice addition of the short ribsFoie Gras- 5/5 Hard to ruin foie gras. Personally not a fan of the fig jam combined with it, but still good. Florida Frog Legs- 3/5 Nothing special. Glazed Brussel Sprouts- 4/5 Good, nothing specialBaby Beets & Avocado- 3/5 Nothing special.Slow Roasted Octopus- 3/5 Nothing special, small portionBeef Wellington- 5/5 Outstanding. Definitely made the dinner.
1	Made a reservation 2 months prior visit to Vegas for my husband's birthday.  I received an open table cancellation one week before from the restaurant.  When I called to find out why, I was told there was a "buy out" so I could not have a reservation that night.   Now I need to scramble for a reservation.  No offer for any assistance or offers for the inconvenience. Just that I could have a 9:30pm reservation that night when they "opened".  No thanks.
4	Food is real good, portions are too small. Staff treated us below average. Vegas has too many better options to come back here. I'm not slamming it. I'm saying that if you plan to compete with the big boys, you need to work on your overall operation. My 6 friends all said they'd come back. I won't though.
5	Rose. Rabbit. Lie. is like falling down the rabbit hole in Alice in Wonderland, and after entering through the secret door at the bottom, finding a vintage-vaudeville  themed dinner club filled with beautiful and kind people serving ritzy, top secret drinks. This place takes the speak-easy theme up a million notches - if you can find it. Which you think would be easy since it's in a major Las Vegas hotel (the Cosmo), but it's actually kind of a trek to get to it. At one point, while walking through the hotel to find it, we stopped, took our shoes off, and sat for awhile because our feet hurt. With shoes back on, we walked up to the main hostess stand of the restaurant. We were directed through a nondescript side door that you enter...the study???... the lounge??? I'm not sure what it's called but it was decorated with antiques, low lighting, book cases line the wall, and a few small tables for guests. I felt like an explorer who found the new world! The drinks were certainly dated back to new world exploration with recipes dating back to the 1800's; this is way better then your average Moscow Mule!Drinks in hand, we decided to explore and headed through the dining room, to another back bar/dining room, and then then the DJ/dance floor space. My friend was swooning over all the male bartenders wearing suspenders, pinstripes, and bow ties- it was like an old fashion saloon. They really keep with the theme throughout. We didn't have any food but the drinks were well worth their price and the experience. This was the best bar I went to during my recent Vegas trip and one that I will recommend again and again now that I know about it!
5	I went here a few months back for the 9:30 show. It was really good, I thought I was always being entertained and would definitely go back. The fact that you can hang out within the space afterwards is a really nice concept. We went to the hidden bar afterwards for some food and drinks and they had another mini show.
4	Dinner and a show wrapped all up together! The staff was great, welcoming and attentive. The entertainment and ambiance make the prices worth the visit (yes, the portions are too small). When my boyfriend's burger wasn't cooked to our requested temperature the chef insisted on sending another out cooked  medium rare along with a side of tasty truffle french fries. The cocktails are well crafted. I look forward to my next visit :)
5	What a surprize! Wasn't sure it would be good. We went to celebrate a birthday and surprize the food was great, and the show was really good, but the best thing about this place is the querky atomosphere I felt like I was in some secret underground place that only cool people new aboutSuggestions would be add alittle variety to the menu
5	This place was very unique and fun. The pancetta burger was amazing. Foie gras was mediocre. Overall very tasty--if you are in Vegas and want something fresh and fun it is a must try.
1	Review of restaurant only.After seeing the show with my girlfriends, I thought this would be an awesome place to take my boyfriend for his birthday. I couldn't have been more wrong. When we arrived we were seated in the far back corner, closest to the kitchen. Our waiter took our order and the nightmare began.  20 minutes later our carrots arrived and then nothing, not even his drink.  As we watched the table next to us receive plate after plate and drink after drink.  It took another 20 minutes at least to get another dish. The bus boy was nice enough to check on us, as it seems the waiter had forgotten about us. We finally got our steak which was warm and had been plated a while before it was given to us. I made a comment to the assistant manager before leaving and was offered a drink. I laughed and said I'm obviously pregnant to which he responded well come back when you can drink and I'll get you one?? Horrible service,  poor management and mediocre food.  There's no excuse, as there are way too many restaurants in Vegas to choose from. We won't be back and I can understand why most everyone I know has never eaten here.
5	I had such an amazing experience. Fun and happy people work here! The food was great!My boyfriend and I ordered the oysters on the half shell (my fav!), caviar flat bread, steak tartare, and pancetta burger.Oysters- super fresh, great quality, and don't forget the sauce! Caviar flat bread - by the time I got to the flat bread I was feeling somewhat full. However, was so tasty and flavorful; I kept eating. Haha.Steak tartare- Yum! I started off with eating this, it was nice and juicy. Served w/ toast.Pancetta burger- boyfriend ordered this one. Although I had a taste, it was delicious as well. Served w/ an egg, which meant bomb dot com.The service was great. Our waitress was very helpful and attentive. Entertainment was so much fun! They perform all over the floor, super up beat, great voices, and never ending entertainment. (FYI they have a entertainment fee, but well worth it)Enjoy and happy eating!!!
4	Atmosphere: greatFood: good to greatEntertainment: greatService: great (with a caveat)If you're in Vegas and wanting to check out a great new restaurant at a new casino, Rose. Rabbit. Lie. is a solid choice.I suggest starting out with a specialty cocktail in their speakeasy-esque side bar before your dinner.  Then enjoy the dining room with interesting cultural art, live music, and wonderful ambience.  Order a bunch of plates for your group, especially trying the rabbit, salads, and foie gras.Caveat: we had a group of about 9 and were seated at a tall table.  The host was adament about squeezing 5 on one side (making things less comfortable for us), rather than have one person sit on the end.  I understand the claim of "my servers need to get through this aisle," but I also believe a trained server worth their dollar could have navigated past just fine.
5	Why haven't I heard of this place earlier!! Wanted to plan a dinner party for my birthday and was looking to try something different that offered dinner, cocktails, cool atmosphere and live music. After asking a friend Ross.Rabbit.Lie was suggested. And it was more then I could have expected.  I made reservations in advance for a party of 8.  No wait upon arrival. Our server was knowledgeable, quick, and attentive. The dining area itself was small but seductive. The best part is the entertainment. Without spoiling it you have to stay for the 12 o clock show. The fact that you don't know what to expect is apart of the experience. And the best part is I heard no 2 visits are the same. I defiantly will be back to find out.
3	If service impacts how you feel about a dining experience, this is NOT the place for you. After reading numerous reviews about this place, I still decided to take a chance on hosting my Hustands 50th Birthday Dinner. Numerous emails with the staff and calls to outline what kind of dinner i wanted to host. Every assurance that we would not have the service issues, i had read about. None of this mattered to the staff on site:45 minutes to get cocktails to the table, numerous mistakes on orders, even though all courses were pre ordered and pre paid, they failed to make enough main course to feed all of my guests, leaving people waiting to dine. The kicker for me, was the check drop less than 2 minute from singing Happy Birthday, no ask of coffee, dinner drinks, no time to wolf down dessert. Just the check drop to one of my guests, when clearly I was the one hosting. With the instruction we need to hurry up, as the table was being given to the next guest. In fairness this was at the two hour mark. However if you take 45 minutes to deliver drinks, and no food, how do you expect people to eat 4 courses and dessert, in an hour and fifteen minutes. THE SERVICE was the WORST, the ATTITUDE with it, even worse. When i spoke to the manager about this issues, he said, well this is why i was brought in .Superior Entertainment, Average Food, Horrible ServiceNone of this helps, when your staff ruins a milestone occasion.
5	A fun experience and culinary delightRose.Rabbit.Lie is an excellent and fun dining experience. Upon entry you might be taken through secret passages in the different rooms to make it to your table. The servers are obviously very busy but also attentive, and the live entertainment is sometimes mobile but never annoying. Everything is top notch from the ornate silverware to the heavy crystal classes (some drinks come in a "spinner" glass - just ask the server about one). The atmosphere is very unique. The food - outstanding. An amazing combinations of flavors and textures to chose from. Some may sound a bit strange to the non-adventurous, but every dish we had was outstanding. The short rib stroganoff was my favorite, although the prawns with butternut squash, the frog legs and the bone marrow were only slightly behind (the stroganoff was just THAT outstanding). To complement the interesting flavors of the food there are a variety of "just as interesting" cocktails to chose from. The place is expensive, but you get what you pay for. I wouldn't want to eat there every day, but it certainly goes on the list of special events/occasions eating that I would like to do several times per year. If you visit Vegas and you don't eat at Rose.Rabbit.Lie - you are robbing yourself of an excellent experience.
2	Great venue, fun atmosphere and entertainment. The food potions however  are horribly tiny and mediocre at best. Our party of 4 was very disappointed. Not recommended unless you go for cocktails and light appetizers.
5	I went on Christmas Eve for their social hour (Cosmo's fancy term for happy hour) since I was celebrating Christmas later that night. I had a spectacular time- from the food, the service and performance. It was a little slow bc of the holiday but I'm one that thrives on less crazed-nights at bars and restaurants. The jazz quartet was the cherry on the top to some perfect snacks and cocktails by the mixologist were who were the sweetest. I would definitely go back and experience the entire supper club when all rooms are open and recommend it to my friends and family.
1	Just terrible service.  sat down and waited for about 10 minutes with no one showing up to fill water, take drink orders, greet etc etc.  Could have understood if it was busy but they were at 10% full at max.  Just a shame would have liked to eat here but not with that level of service.
5	This place is so COOL and hip.  I feel like this is a hidden gem for sure and it definitely deserves a lot more recognition.  I came with two of my girl friends around 11pm.  They checked our id's and let us into the lounge/bar area.  Came just in the middle of a show/performance.  The bar/lounge area we went into was where most of the performance was happening at.  The stage even changes throughout the performances and is surrounded by a semi-circle of seats.The singer is sassy with an amazing voice.  The dancers were awesome and they provided a huge range of dance from tap to breakdancing to jazz (shoutout especially to the little filipino boy dancing to Uptown Funk by Bruno Mars).  The dancers even borrowed members in the audience to join in their performance and they would dance throughout the lounge.  You'll definitely get a close and interactive experience here!!  The entire vibe was awesome.  Apparently you have to buy tickets to have a seated view, but we saw decently from standing near the bar.  They even open up the floor for the audience to dance every so often.  The other side of the stage is connected to the restaurant side.  There's a smaller stage back there with a more relaxed act during dinner.  When we walked through, there was a piano and jazzy singer performing.  This place is definitely really cool and I'll be coming out here to try the restaurant side in the near future.  They have performances usually on Friday and Saturday nights, but these change on a monthly basis.  I love how they keep this place intimate and welcoming. COME!! This place is totally worth the hype!!!
5	Very cool place. My husband loved the oysters on the half shell. Then we had the steak tartare which was absolutely unbelievable and the calamari. Wow! Small portions. Can't wait to come back. Very upscale and kind of pricey, but so worth it. Sorry, no pictures . I totally forgot cause I was so hungry. If you come towards the end of the week, make a reservation. We got here late on a Tuesday , so, we got a table right away.
5	I don't really get a chance to go to nice restaurants but my best friend took me here for my Christmas present. I loved the decor right from the moment I walked in...it's so different. The restaurant was running 15-20 minutes behind so we went to their lounge area to get a drink and wait. The drinks there are really unique, and uses a ton of different flavors.When we got to our table, there was a live singer and he was pretty cool. He utilized a lot of the restaurant as his stage and interacted with a lot of the customers.After debating on what to order (Everything looked so good), we decided on foie (of course), rabbit, caviar tacos, brussel sprouts, warm spinach salad, and bone marrow.The caviar tacos were really cute and small. They tasted ridiculously good with the hamachi tucked inside (Thanks to the server for recommending). The warm spinach salad was a little too salty but still had all the right flavors.The brussel sprouts took awhile but they were tender and not too shabby.The RABBIT. I LOVED THE RABBIT...and the Foie was equally as amazing. It was my friend's first time trying it and it was exciting to see that she enjoyed it too.The bone marrow comes with a giant layer of braised bbq short rib. I found it kind of unnecessary and ended up only eating the marrow underneath. I also tried their pomegranate cocktail that was on tap. It's tequila based and it was super strong and fizzy. Their chocolate dessert looked so pretty but we were too full to try it...which means we must come back again!
5	Love this place! Say at bar and enjoyed the great jazz band with the tap dancer on the piano..the beautiful singers! Took me back in time!!
4	Food was great! Very tiny portions. two other girls and I ordered oysters, fried oysters, chicken fritters, shortrib stroganoff, pork belly, Brussels sprouts, and Mont Blanc for dessert. It was perfect portions for us because we don't eat big portions to begin with- and we finished every single bite of every meal. The fried oysters and the Brussels sprouts were out of this world- I've never had better anywhere else. Other plates were delicious as well. I didn't enjoy the dessert though. Our waitress was a bit condescending. When we placed our order, she reminded us that the portions will be very small and we might want to order another plate. She said to take a look at the first couple of dishes that comes out and decide. So we ordered another dish after eating our first two dishes- then she commented on how they would be changing plates for the main courses and that's why they liked having people order all the items together. That was totally unnecessary to point out to us and rude especially after she has told us to order more if we wanted, after seeing the portion size. And as customers, we should be order whatever we want, whenever we want, and not hear comments like that. I would have given the restaurant 5 stars but the attitude of our waitress was unacceptable.
4	From our hostess to our waiter, the staff was very attentive and friendly. The food is "Tapas style", meaning you share your food with others. This is the best way to dine with close friends, as it is more a family style than a heaping individual plate. Their presentation was outstanding, with the sauces really enhancing the flavor, instead of swimming in them. Even the desert was prepared with a bit of panache. Although went for dining, the entertainment in the adjoining bar added to the ambiance of the evening. Overall a very good experience.
