4	I was craving Japanese food and was a bit nostalgic about the lunches I had while living in Japan. I noticed Takumi while heading for a dinner with family members on a previous evening, so I thought I'd give it a try. I had the pork cutlet bento and was very pleased. The cutlet was very tender and the breading was crisp and light. The sushi choice was a bit uninspired, California roll, but it was tasty. The box was beautifully presented and more than adequate in quantity for a very filling lunch. I did have to ask for rice, which seemed a bit odd. My waiter was very apologetic and provided the rice promptly. The prices were reasonable and the service was excellent. The lapse with the rice and the uninspired choice of sushi are the only things keeping me from giving this a five star rating. Takumi satisfied my nostalgia for Japan and gave me a very satisfying lunch experience.
5	having been on a budget for 4 months that doesn't allow for sushi, i was very excited to try Takumi.i was impressed, pleased, and full when i left. the chefs were all very professional and seemed to be having a great time. the fish was very fresh. i was talked into the bluefin they had just gotten in that day and opted for the tuna as opposed to the toro (there was a $5 difference/piece) and it was very good. a smooth texture and very good color.the other signature rolls (crazy tuna and sweet heart) were just as good. it was nice to try those new flavors, especially the seared tuna inside and spicy tuna with tempura crunchies on the outside.we were also presented with a complementary crab stick salad (which also had tempura crunchies and a spicy mayo sauce) and were surprised by a desert consisting of a very delicately-balanced orange rind holding apple bits with a creamy honey sauce and the fruit of the orange on the side. i think it was their way of saying "thanks for spending so much!"we got warm sake, five rolls, three pieces sushi and an order of gyoza for a total of $76. not bad at all, except our eyes were much bigger than our stomachs and we had happy friends to bring the leftovers to.
5	I was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant! I have only had sushi here. A few we tried were: angel roll, crazy tuna, spider roll (I forget all we had!) and we were very happy with all of them. I also had very good miso soup [lots of wakame & tofu] The Sashimi [Tuna & Salmon] was soo fresh & they were big pieces! The service was great.. had another Sapporo before my other was finished! The restaurant is very homey, nice & clean.     I would recommend Takumi any day for sushi! Try out their specials!
5	Best sushi place in Madison. Service is fast and very friendly. Fish is the freshest I've had in Madison. Price isn't bad for sushi.
5	I get the same...damn...thing...EVERY TIMEI'm here!  It's just comforting; whether chillin' here alone, with my friend Jennie or taking an order home to go, it's the dinner sized Bento box with teriyaki chicken & shrimp w/ Miso soup and extra wasabi & rice.Yummmmmm.  Spankii Style.Go here.Eat.and LOVE it...Spankii Yum-Yum has spoken...
4	The Love Boat is loaded with so much fresh proteins (sashimi, nigiri, and rolls) that it made 3 of us completely satisfied. I also ordered seaweed salad as an appetizer - really good, I love the salad so much.Not entirely the best sushi in the world, but I'd say it's the best in Madison. Authenticity aside, the ingredients are fresh, and service is not bad, either.
2	Good food but my service sucked. The waitress brought the wrong dish and insisted it was what I ordered and refused to bring the correct dish. What's with that? I didn't eat it and they refused to take it off my bill.
3	I was impressed with Takumi. Their miso soup is delish. I had the veggie cucumber and avacado rolls. Will go back again
4	I have been there a few times now with family and friends. I am not a fan of raw fish but I do like California rolls a lot. They are different than regular grocery store sushi.  My husband is a fan of their Sashimi and some other things I can't remember. I am usually not a fan for Japanese food due to their blend taste but so far Takumi hasn't disappointed me yet.
1	Very disappointing. I went here on Yelpers recommendations. What a mistake.I got the shrimp tempura udon. The broth was flavorless. At least the tempura was cooked well. Also got a flying fish roe sushi. VERY FISHY TASTING.Two of my friends and I that ate the shrimp got sick. POISONED. The other friend didn't eat the shrimp and was fine. Punk.Beware. Be scared.
5	We go to the SUN PRAIRIE location and its a struggle to not go every week (gets expensive)!! Just love it! We wont go anywhere else.  I recommend the wasabi sting roll or the candy roll.This place is really small so I suggest you go during odd times otherwise you'll have quite a long wait.  The host/waiter is SO friendly.  Always smiling and making sure your as comfortable as can be while you wait.I even have friends from out of town hooked on this place.  Every time they come to visit they insist on sushi!
5	Was visiting Madison for the weekend and staying out by East Towne mall. Just looking for somewhere good in the area and saw the positive reviews on Yelp so decided to stop in for dinner.As an alumn of the UW and familiar with most of the sushi options around campus, this trumps them all. Our sushi was generously portioned, reasonably priced and very fresh. Service was also very friendly and fast.We shared a few different rolls, but really enjoyed the Spicy Tuna roll (one of the best I've had) and the Sweet Heart roll. Prices were very reasonable ($5-$6 for traditional rolls, $10-$13 for specialty rolls) and as noted above the rolls were generously portioned and the fish was extremely fresh.I can't see myself visiting Madison again without stopping here for lunch or dinner along the way.
5	Takumi is hands down, the best place to get sushi in Madison! My girlfriend and I have eaten here at least 20 times, and are always satisfied with our experience. The sushi is always fresh, prepared exquisitely, and presented elegantly - I've noticed they don't have a cookie cutter operation either - sometimes I'll order the same plate, and it will be presented in an entirely different manner - I guess it depends on the chef, but what stays the same is the high quality each and every time. Also of note is that the prices at Takumi are a few bucks cheaper than most other Madison Sushi joints. The waitstaff at Takumi are top-notch as well. They work together to make sure you are taken care of, and they're always friendly and welcoming. Perhaps what I like most about Takumi is the relaxed atmosphere. Other sushi joints in Madison don't give a crap if you are comfortable, and just want to rush you in and out, get their money, and serve the next customer. - this makes the sushi experience far less enjoyable. At Takumi, it can be busy, but it's at least quiet enough that you can hear yourself think. The decor is simple and modest, and while you're eating the best quality sushi in Madison, the general feeling is unpretentious and welcoming. Please dine at Takumi - you will not be disappointed!
5	One of my favorite Japanese restaurant in madison. Excellent service.
4	All the typical offerings of a sushi place, all fresh fish, friendly staff. Nice experience and good sushi. Will definitely be back when in the area.
5	To me there is two ways to judge sushi.  One based on funky creative rolls and are more "fusion-y" and two based on good classic rolls that are consitent.  If you want #1 you go to Restaurant or Sushi Muramoto, if you want #2 you go to Takumi.  They are always good, always quick and always afforable.  I love that they have take out and lunch specials.  Their lunch combo of two rolls and soup or a salad is a steal!  There is something about their california roll that makes me order it, even though I would NEVER order it anywhere else.  Their fish is always fresh.  Some sushi restaurants when they have a deal will just add more rice and less fish, Takumi is nothing like that.  I trust that no matter what or when I order it will meet the standard they have set time and time again.
5	Bravo. A friend recommended this place to me as the best sushi in Madison and I knew I had to give it a try. Takumi did not disappoint.My companion ordered the greens salad and mushroom soup. I was initially surprised at the prices, as they seemed a little more than the same items at similar places like Ginza or Takara. However, when the items arrived I quickly realized the difference. The salad was more than double the size of other restaurant's and featured a wider variety of fresh vegetables. The mushroom soup was exquisite-cooked in a delicious broth and filled with large portions of scallions and a variety of hearty, fresh mushrooms.I ordered two roles as part of their Sunday Happy Hour (1-4 PM with several deals): the Spicy Tuna roll and the Philadelphia. While both rolls I would consider typical, the way Takumi prepared them really stood out. The tuna consisted of some delicious fish, accompanied with a soft crunch, while the Philadelphia roll featured cream cheese, cumber, avocado and scallions.  The cheese and crunch both added a real nice texture balance to the fish and rice, providing a taste which I know will stick in my head for a while.The service was attentive and the decor of the restaurant was simple yet elegant and comfortable. I am definitely going back as I am eager to try the Habachi.
5	I think this is the best sushi restaurant in Madison, and can compete with any I have tried on the west coast.  The hibachi show is also a treat...especially for the kids
5	Absolutley Amazing!
5	Love this place! By far one of the best sushi places in town, next to Muramoto's. I have had sushi at ginza, and takara and all the other places but Takumi's is way more fresh. Try the Chef's special roll of the day, I have never been disappointed. I am orignally from the east coast where seafood and sushi is plentiful, this is just as good as the places back east. :-)
5	this place was FANTASTIC! i was in the area running some errands by myself and needed something to eat quickly. my stomach suggested sushi, so i did a quick google map search on my phone for sushi places nearby. when this place popped up with rave reviews, i decided to try it on a whim. now, i LOVE sushi. i have had really bad sushi and really good sushi (in Alaska, talk about a fresh salmon roll!), and this was by far one of the best sushi rolls i've had. i got the rainbow roll, and sometimes rainbow rolls are iffy because of the temperature of the fish, but this one was spot on. all the flavors were perfect and i really couldn't have asked for a better roll. i also had a bowl of the miso soup and was not disappointed.the staff is friendly, the decor is unobtrusive, and i was in and out quick (but they don't mind you staying a while if you'd like either, my phone told me there was free wi-fi and there was a gentleman in the corner reading a book while munching his meal at a slower pace than is customary for sit-down, non-diner places. but no one seemed to mind, and i noticed they kept his drink--and mine for that matter-- nice and full too). pricing is nice too. lunch specials looked good, but i was there for dinner (which starts at 4:30p), and my roll and soup were about $15.i would highly recommend this place and i will definitely be back. my husband doesn't like sushi, but they have a full japanese menu along with the sushi, so no worries there!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I like their beef Teryaki better than ginza and that's saying a lot. The ginger dressing on their salad is the best that i've ever had and  their hot sake is better than most and they have a very friendly staff, They remember how you like your food prepared very prompt, very observant.  I honestly go there at least 3 times a month and I never get tired of it.
5	Best Japanese food you will find in the area, and reasonably priced.
4	Great sushi rolls & reasonable prices.Service is great too!
5	I am visiting here from D.C., and this was fresher fish than I have ever found there. Very impressed, nice atmosphere and great service. We liked everything we had, especially the sashimi special.
5	What a fabulous restaurant!  My husband said it was the best sushi he has EVER had, very fresh.  I am a huge fan of the sukiyaki.  Waitress was friendly and prompt, and very patient with all of my mom's questions (she has never had Japanese food).  My husband and I will be back with friends.  Love love love this place!
5	Great place...
5	REALLY great sushi!!!  I live in Chicago and have family in MN; we ALWAYS make sure we stop at Takumi on the way in or out of town.  Service is always great, excellent sushi selection, and the prices are awesome!  Truly a gem!!
3	Decent sushi but not amazing. Rolls are average and fish is fresh for the most part. The sweetheart roll was my favorite item since I love anything with spicy scallop and tempura flakes.
5	Takumi is by far one of the best Japanese restaurants in the Madison area. My family and I have been going there for 4+ years and no matter the time of day or day of week their food is always fresh and tastes delicious. Our favorites are the spicy tuna roll, california roll, and veggie tempura roll. While we normally stick to sushi rolls I've had their hibachi as well and enjoyed the same deliciousness. The chefs are talented and the wait staff is very nice and accommodating (bonus for loving babies and young kids!).  I've always had an excellent experience.
4	Excellent sushi...I have been to every sushi place in Madison, and this remains my favorite.  Specialty rolls are delicious with very reasonable prices!update:7/2012 I would now rank this palce 3rd in madison, behind muramoto and red sushi.
4	The food was amazing, and the atmosphere was just as good.
4	The ambiance is very nice and the staff are friendly! The Candy Rolls are soooo good (don't let the name fool you, it's not actual candy)! I thought the prices were super reasonable! I just wish I had tried the hibachi!
5	We went to this place because of its high rating on Yelp, and it deserves it.We had too many items to list and they were all good. The fatty tuna sushi (toro) is to die for. The rice is cooked and prepared perfectly. It's a very pleasant surprise to find such a high quality sushi place in a small city like Madison.Only two minor issues:1) Soft drinks are from cans, so no free refills.2) The cooked and fried rolls are not great, but I knew they wouldn't be (cooked rolls never are). I ordered them because the people I was with are what I call "white boy sushi" eaters and are not entirely down with raw fish yet. They were more comfortable after this experience.Highly recommend.
4	Definitely best sushi in the area.. very good and fast service, their specialty rolls are always fun and yummy. The staff at the sunprarie location are GREAT too. never had anything here that was not totally yummy!
5	They have the best sushi in Madison. I have been to a few different places that serve sushi and Takumi's is by far my favorite place to go. The staff is really friendly, and the food is amazing. i have been going here since they opened a few years ago and i have never had a bad meal or service.
5	What a diamond in the middle of the rough.  I had the shumai first and it was tasty but definitely needed extra sauce for the dipping.  It was well cooked.  Next I had the alligator roll and for the price I must say it was rather small but my doubt was set aside at first bite.  Possibly the best roll I've ever had.  Still warm and crunchy and fresh and awesome and the sauce woohoo.  I have been to very nice very expensive sushi spots on the water and this roll will last in my memory.  I washed it down with an Asahi.
4	Oh the distances I'll go for some sushi...I actually misread the address to this place and thought it was near W. Towne Mall....good thing I was already in East Madison, or I woulda turned around and came right back home.I ordered the seaweed salad and the Angel roll, and the total bill came out to a little under $20. Pretty standard for a sushi place. Seaweed salad - it really hit the spot, but it wasn't anything extraordinary. My main issue with this appetizer was how deceiving the presentation of the dish was!!! What I thought was a heaping mound of wakame was actually a thick bed of cucumber slivers covered by a thin layer of seaweed. Totally PUNK'D me there.Angel Roll - Delicious! Really, it was. I've never had sashimi that actually "melted" in my mouth, but the sashimi at Takumi did just that.  Halfway through the roll, I started deconstructing my sushi just so I could have the fish by itself...a first for me, so you know how truly QUALITY the fish they served was. As with the seaweed salad, my only gripe with the sushi was that the roll was SO dinky I'm sure that I could have finished two full rolls with room left for dessert!Anyway, a few minutes into my meal, I started to hear loud clanging and gasps. SURPRISE! I guess Takumi doubles as a teppanyaki place as well as a sushi bar. Interesting...Really, Takumi deserves 5 stars for the quality and the freshness of their sushi, but I have to dock a star just because I really don't think I got my money's worth...but I guess that's the price I have to pay for quality sushi in the midwest!
5	The best Sushi place in Madison! There were five in our party, three ordered the Sushi Deluxe, one ordered Shrimp and one ordered the Beef Bento box. The Sushi was fresh and the pieces of Tuna and Salmon were delicious. So good we ordered an extra Sushi Deluxe!!! The warm Saki was right on with our meal and we finished our meal with green tea ice cream. Service was very good. This restaurant truly deserves five stars.
5	I love this place! The service is excellent and so is the food. I particularly like that a native English speaker answers the phone and takes the take-out orders, which are usually ready in 15 minutes or less. I recommend the vegetable tempura rolls.
4	Amazing sushi. The place is pretty small but has a great ambiance about it. Reasonably priced sushi an it is presented very well. Will definitely come back anytime I am in Madison!
4	I was in Madison for a week on business and had dined at a few locations. On my way to the airport I was looking for somewhere to eat and happened upon Takumi. Upon entering I was greeted promptly and decided to sit at the sushi bar. As I looked over the menu I was pleasantly suprised to find Toro (fatty tuna)! This always makes me happy. I ordered some along with the Black Jet roll and the Angel Hair roll. All of it was quite tasty. They also offer a good variety of saki.The service was excellent. Everyone who works there was attentive to my needs. The prices were reasonable. I left happy and satisfied. Next time I am in Madison I will definitely be coming back!
4	They got a jumpstart for being the first sushi I've had in six months AND having toro on hand.  But this is a tentative 4star, only because that may have skewed the experience. I've been here a couple of times and mostly had the sushi. It's been fresh ad decent quality each time, so no complaints at all there. The only thing I'd mention as a drawback is the market pricing. You know the line "if you have to ask, you can't afford it?". Well, the market price for Toro is $9 per. I'm the only one who orders three pieces blindly, but it's sad when you spend more on Toro than the rest of lunch combined. That said, the lunch specials were awesome. Both the bento box and the shrimp tempura with udon were great and relatively inexpensive. They have a decent selection of sake and beer, and while they aren't Muramoto, they are a very affordable, quality alternative. Definitely worth the stop if you're near the east side.
3	FINALLY! Passable sushi in Madison.Do not be put off by the 3 star rating--I can assure anyone reading this that Takumi's sushi is the best in Madison, and getting 3 stars here is an accomplishment. That statement may lead you to believe that I'm a bit of a prick when it comes to judging food...and you'd be right. However, I am most critical of sushi, by far.Rundown:I went to Takumi for lunch with a couple of friends. I got the sashimi and sushi combo--4 pieces of each, soup/salad, and a spicy tuna roll. The salad was excellent, but aren't they all? That ginger dressing is addicting.Sashimi: It came with 4 pieces--yellowtail, basic tuna, salmon, and what I believe was mackerel (unsure). I like leaving it up to the chef to choose--they know what's fresh. Tuna and mackerel were so-so. Mackerel...maybe not so fresh. Yellowtail was fresh and quite good. Salmon was very good and the best of the bunch--you can usually tell by looking at the fish what quality it is, and this was excellent.Sushi: Tuna, yellowtail, salmon, shrimp. Shrimp is the only difference here, and it was good...but most shrimp is good. No surprises.Spicy tuna roll: Quite good...even though it was a roll! They threw in some tempura pieces/toasted panko, and it gave the roll a nice crunch. I approved and ate it all. Delicious.So, there you have it--this place is the best in Madison...by far. Takara, Red Sushi (awful), Muramoto--Takumi trumps all of them. Would I go back? Yes, definitely. Especially at $14.75 for that massive fish combo. Sushi coma.
4	Decided to venture from Verona "all the way to the East Side" based on the number of positive reviews on Yelp.  Was not dissappointed.  Takumi is located in a nondescript strip mall around East Town Mall.  We walked in about 5:45 and grabbed 3 seats at the Sushi Bar.The cold spinach appetizer was served broken up and slathered with a sesame dressing.  A little different, but a cool and fresh start to the Meal.  My sons had the fried Gyoza.  Good and the disappeared quickly.My older son and I are Sushi fans and we ordered an assortment of Nigiri and rolls.  In my opinion, good sushi is defined by texture and temperature of the fish.  The fish here was silky and soft and served just a bit above cool.  Nice.  Too many sushi places serve their fish too cold, destroying the subtle differences in flavor.  The portions of fish in the Nigiri and hand rolls was also really big.  No skimping here!Overall I would ranks Takumi a notch behind Muramoto for best place in Madison.  It is better than Takara on the West Side and blows away anything else on the list.  It's 15 miles from my house, but I would definitely stop there again when on the East Side.
5	Yes.  Great food.  Service is wonderful.  It is a bit small so get there as early in the meal hour as you can since it will fill up.  They have a sushi bar as well as two hibachi grills in the back.  This is on my favorites list!
5	What an amazing surprise!  It's a family tradition to stop in Madison on the way back from any trip to Minnesota or the Dells and we usually go to another hibachi place.  My mom has zero sense of direction and led us to Takumi and we are so glad she did.  While it wasn't the place we were expecting it was a great experience.  We had the entire hibachi room to ourselves and the service was outstanding.  The portions are huge and extremely fresh.  My wife ordered the tuna hibachi and they brought out a huge fillet of sushi grade tuna.  Her meal was a steal as I am sure that ordering that much sashimi would have bankrupted us!  Their sushi also looked outstanding, but we kept to the hibachi.  If I didn't live 300 miles away I would regularly frequent Takumi!
1	Can I give ZERO here?!?!What an awful place for sushi and I literally cannot believe this is so-called "best sushi" place in Madison!One of the sushi we ordered was Inari sushi (bean curd). The first second I saw it I know it might not taste good. But I put in my mouth anyway. What a bad idea! It tasted like they put cooking wine in the bean curd, which is absolutely not right becoz the bean curd tastes either sweet or sour but nothing like wine!!! I don't think they were fresh! It tasted like the bean curd had been kept for way too long and it fermented!!! I had to spit it out bcoz I didn't want to get food poisoning!! The waiter came but denied immediately anything wrong with the bean curd. No apology or anything. I heard the guy behind the sushi bar even asked the waiter whether we are Chinese. They were talking in a dialect from China. But unfortunately, I happened to know that dialect. They came back and denied any bad food again but still no apology for anything. The guy behind the sushi bar also had a weird smile on his face and was looking directly at me. Some kind of provocation?!?!Didnt touch anything else, I left. Def NO COMING BACK!!!
3	We stopped here on our way home from Minneapolis. The location is easy to get to from the highway. The food was typical and well prepared. Nothing special, but decent.
5	I've been meaning to write a review for awhile now, but I wanted to check the consistency of the restaurant.  One thing I've seen more restaurants fail at than anything is consistency;  one night they'll be great, the next horrifying.  The best restaurants make the dining experience effortless; you don't feel like you're waiting for anything, nor do you feel like you're being rushed.  The best meal I've ever had has been at Chez Panisse, precisely because the food was perfect, and the timing was perfect as well.Most restaurants are like Muramoto at Hilldale, where one night it's great, the next night it's like meeting up with that one night stand that you meet up with again, where you wonder what the hell you were thinking.  Any sushi chef that douses fish in sauce is covering up something, just saying.Anyway, I'd put Takumi in the former category.  It's an upretentious place, so if you're looking for uber-hip, look at the rest of the sushi places in Madison, but know that you will be served inferior fish for higher prices.  But if you want quality fish, order the omakase at Takumi--This is chef's choice, something lost on a lot of people.  But who knows better what is fresh than the person who's preparing the fish?  I knew I was in the right place when he threw the tray of uni out because it wasn't good.My husband and I have been here a good dozen times, and both the service and the fish have been consistently good.  If you do not like lots of mayo or cream cheese in your makizushi, let them know (they will default to this), but take heart, because there is good nigiri in Madison.
3	Standard sushi place.  Perhaps a little above average for the middle of Wisconsin,  but a little below average in my book.  I'll be back though!
4	Great lunch spot in Madison.  I haven't tried the sushi yet, but I got the hibachi lunch special and it was fresh, tasty, affordable, and quick.  All the things you want from a lunch stop.  I'll give the sushi a shot on my next trip up to Madison.  Service is friendly and the atmosphere is a very typical casual sushi restaurant.  Sushi bar on one side with seating and small tables on the other side.$8.95 gets you a hibachi grilled meal of vegetables, white rice, your choice of meat ($1 more for shrimp), shrimp appetizer of 2 pieces, and your choice of salad or soup.  The sauce was a little sweeter than what you would get at an actual Japanese steakhouse but tasty.  And the portions are large, so there was plenty of food.  I'll definitely be back.
5	Order Omakase (leave it to the chef). You won't regret it.
4	I would like to argue that good ambiance is everything; the food tastes better, you're in a better mood, you have a better time, and you're more likely to give a positive rating. That said, Takumi has this down - from the woodwork, to the paper-facade inspired ceiling and room arrangement, I walked in and felt instantly cool. The only thing they're missing is a soundtrack - the noise from the hibachi room and general dining chatter made the experience incohesive at times. The proportions and presentation of the food is more like Japanese home-style cooking rather than fine dining. We ordered the shrimp and veggie tempura and the age tofu for appetizers. We also ordered the chef-selected two-person sushi platter, which was just okay. The hot sake is good, and goes with everything. If you like matcha brown rice tea, I recommend ordering the hot tea. The best part of our plate was the two, deep-fried king prawn heads perched on our sushi platter. I ate the remaining meat and took the rest of it home to cook in rice porridge. Delicious. If I had to take anyone out to eat sushi in Madison, this place is in my top two picks.
4	The sushi here is great, the atmosphere is cozy, and the service is friendly and attentive. We went on a bustling Friday evening and were seated at the sushi bar. While I prefer a table, it was fun to watch these chefs--they worked ridiculously fast, which showed in how little time it took for our food to get to us, despite the place being packed. Our waitress was very friendly, and particularly accommodating of my boyfriend's 8-year-old daughter. For example, she was trying to use chopsticks, and very determined, but kept on dropping them. Our waitress, despite being super busy, asked us if she'd like chopsticks with a rubber band to make them easier to use. Once the kid had those, she was using them like a pro. Now, this may seem like a small thing, and perhaps it's not that unusual, but we've never had anyone offer this before. It seemed like a very thoughtful gesture. I ordered the sushi deluxe (chef's choice), and it had a good variety of fresh, flavorful fish. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place if you're on this side of town!
5	This place is fantastic! I have never dined in, but it looks very nice and cozy inside. The staff is always extremely friendly when picking up take out. Everytime I come here, the food is incredible. My latest roll was the Kiss of Fire. I highly recommend it. It has become my favorite roll! They also have great standard rolls e.g. spicy tuan, etc. I've never had a bad piece here.
4	Great Japanese restaurant for the area!  The sushi was delicious and the happy hour special of $1.50 off all drinks is nice too!  They overcharged me for the Saki but were very willing and gracious to change it on my bill.  Highly recommend it.
4	Super fresh sushi!  My co-workers and I go at least once a month and the sushi is always fresh.  The lunch specials are a good value too.
5	I really enjoy the sushi here, and the service is absolutely wonderful! Everyone is friendly and the chefs love to show off to you and get you your food quickly. I've been working on going to all the sushi restaurants in Madison and this defiantly one of my favorites!The only thing that threw me off a little was their mushroom soup. The first time I ordering it they had the typical mushroom slices, however when I came back a week later they had small mushrooms with long stems that tasted a little slimy. Overall though, the environment was great and they have a private room for larger parties and offer to have one of their chefs cook in front of guests in that room.
2	I've always suggested this place to friends and co-workers. I usually get takeout from here twice a week. Sometimes they don't have the order ready as soon as they state when you place it, but the most I have ever waited was an extra 10 minutes. The food has always been fresh and tasty.Until today. I ordered the 2 roll lunch special and a dynamite roll. I started eating my Dynamite roll only to sudenly have excruciating pain in my mouth. Turns out there was a large piece of wire in one of the pieces!! I cut my tongue and jabbed a hole in my gums. Needless to say I will not be going back. It's one thing to have an 'off night' food wise... But there should never be an excuse for safety issues like this.
4	Overall, good sushi place. Tried the "Hidden Dragon" roll which was nice. Not the best I've ever had but pretty good.
5	I'm not a huge fan of Sushi, but I can honestly say I enjoyed this place a lot. We took my wife out for her birthday here as she IS a huge fan of Sushi, she and the rest of our party loved it. I ordered Saba (which is the mackerel) and I absolutely LOVED it. I also ordered Tako (which is the octopus) along with my main meal Hibachi chicken and shrimp. The veggies that came with the dinner were amazing! The atmosphere here is great and the staff do a good job of making you feel welcome. They came out and sang to my wife for her birthday which was "happy birthday" in dutch. I though that was funny touch and made our party laugh. They do a good job of giving you a full dining experience. 5 star beginning to end!
4	Another great recommendation by a colleague for a lunch meeting. There was space available, no wait. I was greeted warmly and seated promptly. Takumi offers a variety of lunch specials for around $10. I ordered the two roll combo. Takumi's menu includes many sushi offerings. Some familiar, some different then previous Japanese menus I have seen. I had the spicy salmon roll, it wasn't "fishy" tasting at all, which, although it is fish, is a good thing in my book. I also had a basic cucumber/avacado roll. The lunch special comes with a choice of soup or salad. I enjoyed my food immensely. I will be back, and would recommend Takumi to those looking for a good sushi restaurant.
4	Regularly priced for a sushi restaurant. I would recommend going during the lunch, 12.95 for three rolls and soup or salad; lunch bento is also available for about the same price. The meal was good but average, great for the lunch price but wouldnt pay full price for some of the rolls. I'm sure their signature rolls, like most other places, would be a better quality but for a steeper price. For dinner visits, the martinis are amazing.
5	We got there late on a Friday but they did hibatchi just for us. Probably one of the best hibatchi chefs we've ever had!
4	Above average Japanese restaurant.  Inventive chef uses fresh sea food  to create some memorable sushi rolls.  Ok setting off the East side mallStrip. A bit drab interiors but the food makes up for it. My wife and I been there for dinner and lunch the next day on our Madison visit recommended: spider roll, sashimi on rice, giant clam. Beware, hot saki, too hot. I guess they didn't watch James Bond.
4	What's good: vegetable tempura, Godzilla roll, Sapporo. What's disappointing: 30 min sitting at the sushi bar before our appetizer arrived. Another 10-15 min before the rolls were ready. Won't return based on the long wait.
4	Shot in the dark but it paid off, start off with Japanese pickles and takuma spinach. Done. Could of ate that alone and been happy, but finished off with a salmon cucumber sushi roll and soba beef noodles. Yes I may have over did it... But so worth the trip.
3	Came here for lunch with my bf. We had the lunch special, one bento box with pork and the sashimi/sushi platter. It was definitely more than enough food for the two of us! I like how generous they were with the portions. However, the sushi could have been better. The sushi rice was too cold, I wonder how much effort would it requests to keep the sushi rice at room temperature. I always hate it when the sushi rice is cold, and after watching "Jiro Dreams of Sushi", I realised I was right about this.
4	I've passed this place a few times and completely overlooked it until recently. I won't be making that mistake in the future. My date and I knew that it was a small place so we called on a Saturday night to see if they took reservations, they don't. Instead when we got there we had to wait at the small bar area until a seat opened up. A young lady asked us if we'd like something to drink and then left and forgot about us. It was forgivable, because they were busy and we assumed that once we got a table we'd get their attention. When you go here, expect to wait. On a busy Saturday night a table still opened up fairly quickly. We knew what kind of sushi (tuna rolls and the lake side rolls) we wanted right away as we had been perusing a menu at the bar. The waitress took our order and returned a bit later to ask us if we knew what else we wanted. I ordered beef teriyaki and the date got chicken tempura. One entree showed up first, then the sushi followed by the other entree, so the food came out in a weird order. But the food was delish! We dug into the rolls first. The tuna rolls were big and tasty. The lake side rolls were an interesting fusion of flavors. The caviar on top gave it a nice crunch, but the crab meat was lost on my taste buds. Once the crunch of the caviar subsided it just tasted like cooked shrimp and avocado. I'm not sure if I'd eat these again.Both of the entrees were ample in size and sizzling hot when they came out. For the price this place is amazing. I had to take away a star for the service and the drinks. I understand that they are busy on the weekends, but it seemed like none of the servers have distinct tables. Sometimes they forget to check on you, other times a different server will come up to you and ask you if you've already put your order in. I'd suggest avoiding the drinks. They are small for the price and don't taste the greatest. I'll be back again.
4	I wish I could give this place 4.5 stars! My husband and I got the spicy squid salad to start. The texture and flavor were good, but it wasn't very spicy. We ordered omakase (chef's choice) for two for our entrees. It was amazing! They had a great variety and we got to try things we've never had before. The drinks were tasty and the service was great. We will be back soon (and often) for omakase! This is hands down, the best sushi restaurant that we've found in Madison... And we have tried almost all of them :)
3	Decent sushi for a city of this size. I ordered the sashimi sampler and one roll and was generally pleased with the quality and freshness. The price was still pretty steep, but I guess it's not out of line for similar cuisine in Chicago. Certainly worth a look if you have a sushi craving in Madison. I did get my order to-go, so I can't really comment on the restaurant itself.
1	This place is not good for sushi. I'm sorry. It's just not. The fish is not fresh (slimy in fact) and the prices are no better than anyone else. People who like this place have not had good sushi. My tip: go some where else: Sushi Red,  Wasabi, sushi morimoto. All of these are better.
1	I used to LOVE this place, but lately it has really gone down hill. We went for lunch this past weekend and ordered toro which was $9.00 a piece. At that price you expecta nice piece of fish. The two pieces arrived scored like a piece of octopus, which immediately worried us as that is usually a practice they use when a fish is tough in order to make it easier to chew. My boyfriend made a horrible face after he put it in his pouth and pulled a small bone out of it. My piece was so inedible that I had to spit it out. The last few visits were ok, but not great. This just totally put me off to the restaurant all together.
5	This place was amazing! I wanted something tasty and fast...and that's what I got! Service was impeccable and the sushi was fabulous! Try the alligator roll and the wasabi sting roll! YUM!
4	I am used to Sushi in Milwaukee, so I had high expectations for Madison. Don't be fooled by the exterior, this place is amazing. The atmosphere is cozy and semi-fancy and everyone is very accommodating and friendly. We had ordered Spicy Tuna and Salmon roles- whig I assumed they were gluten free, but when they arrived to the table I noticed they had tempura flakes in them. I asked the waiter if I could have another order without the tempura flakes because of my allergy and he was very happy to. Not only this, but he gave it to us for free! The waiter was very fun to talk to as well. If I am in Madison again, I will definitely go here first!
4	We absolutely love their fresh sushi and customer service is great.  The wait staff is always attentive, and we tip well.  We just wish they were open more frequently; several times we have showed up (e.g. 4:00 p.m on a Saturday) only to find them closed, and have been disappointed.
5	i absolutely love this place. ive been there many times and its never disappointed. i highly recommend the pink lady roll.. delicious! their hibachi is great as well, the chef is always funny and entertaining.great service. customer for life.
4	I went to Takumi for lunch with three other business travelers from Washington DC.  I have been so many sushi places while traveling on business and this is among the best.Lunch specials included two sushi rolls with either soup or salad for under $10.  I had the Spicy Tuna and the Spicy Tempura Shrimp rolls with the Miso Soup.  The soup was really flavorful and had lots of scallions and just the right amount of tofu.  The sushi was REALLY good.  The Spicy Tuna Roll was exactly what I expect in a spicy tuna roll - a good mix of spicy, smoky, and umami.  I tried the Shrimp Tempura Roll because I wanted something a little different from sushi I usually order, and it was great!  It had a good balance of avocado and cucumber and it was nice and crispy.Our server was very friendly and helpful when we were trying to decide between a la carte options or the lunch specials.  They don't have lite soy sauce on the table, but they'll bring some if you ask for it.Overall, good service and good food for a great price.
4	A very decent sushi restaurant in a little strip mall.And despite their apparent obsession with James Blunt music, it was quite an enjoyable lunch.Rolls were tasty and well priced.
5	Always 5 stars. We have been a number of times and our only disappointment was when we arrived to find the Hibachi chef had the night off (lesson learned, call ahead for reserve.)From sushi to hibachi, steak to seafood, you can not go wrong here. I prefer the filet on from the grill but friends have said the Hibachi steak is good too. Two thumbs up!
5	This place rocks!  Spicy Lovers Roll and Kiss of Fire roll are my favorites.  Tried the mushroom soup and really enjoyed it.  The service is always top notch here and the Sushi chefs are the best. This place is small but it is inviting.  They have a good variety on their menu and it accommodates most of my friends palates.
4	I was aware of this place for a long time, but never tried it until recently. It was really busy when we ate there and we had a different server showing up to our table when we ordered, the brought out food and refills, etc. Service was still fast and they were friendly. I had the Lake Side Roll which had king crab, caviar, avocado and shrimp. When they brought it out it had four big piles of roe on each piece, all ditfferent colors. It was a nice looking dish. I liked almost all of them, expect the green one hit me right in the nose with a pungent wasabi flavor. I probably should have seen that one coming based off the color. My husband had the Dynamite Roll which is a deep fried roll with  spicy tuna, yellowtail, cream cheese, avocado and baked scallop with crab meat. He really enjoyed and I might be trying  that roll the next time I go. We also had a couple of pieces of ebi and tuna sushi, both were very decent.
4	This is a great little place that I frequent for sushi lunches with work peeps. I have not been brave enough to try the "sushi buffet" just around the corner (my stomach rebels at the thought of those two words in a sentence). ANYWAY. The atmosphere at Takumi is Asian-cool and relaxing. Nice little bar area. Their take out service is top-rate and very courteous.  I am not going to sing the praises of the sushi per se: it's just fine, doesn't exactly outshine other Madison options, but hey--I'll keep coming back.
2	Nothing great about this place. Terrible rice, which makes or breaks sushi. Unfortunately the fish had a fishy taste and smell. Service was great.
5	Great sushi- we had the iron man special. That included lobster, tempura, avocado. Nice atmosphere. The miso soup was delish! It was so delightful to have good sushi as we live in a community where that isn't present!!
3	The place is very small so you may want to call ahead to see if they have tables available if you have a large party. I don't think they have a table that is large for more than 4-5 people.
5	Excellent food. I love their sushi. It is unbelievable how fresh it tastes! The staff is friendly as well. Prompt and kind.
5	Takumi is on my top 3 Sushi spots, too bad I live 150+ miles away. We walked in with no reservation and the restaurant was packed, luckily there was a couple leaving and we were seated right away. After reading a few reviews, I realized it's best to reserve before going. Menus were passed out, and orders were taken within 10 minutes. Rolls ordered were- Naruto Roll - White Dragon Roll- Crunch 2 in 1 Roll All our items were ordered off the "Takumi Signature Rolls Menu" and lets just say, all these rolls were beyond amazing. The Salmon on each roll was fresh, so fresh the salmon melted as soon as you put it in your mouth. Naruto Roll was very interesting, instead of seaweed and rice rolled around the avocado, salmon, and salmon roe there was cucumber. The Crunch 2 in 1 roll is a personal favorite and I have a tendency to try any crunchy roll order at any sushi spot I go to; Takumi did not disappoint with this roll. The White Dragon roll was a simple white tuna and salmon roll topped with a unique special sauce that had a sweet then salty taste; delicious. I will be back to try Takumi's other signature rolls and their desserts the next time I'm in Madison. Overall Service was greatVery fresh salmonGreat selection of rolls Many signature rolls
3	Not bad at all.  For my money Muramoto's is the first choice for sushi but, Takumi is a decent little place that is a good value.  Their sushi is fresh and is very appealing to all senses.  The high back chairs and attentive staff also give you the feel of being at a higher end restaurant.  The only feedback I have is that the place could be a little tidier and loose the music that gives off the feeling that you are watching that anime stuff.
4	Well I gotta say this was a pretty great find! Some of the rolls were the best I've had ! Godzilla and kiss of fire were stellar. For the low carb people - naruto roll ! So good and the lobster tangle roll was my favorite. The sashimi toro was okay. The mushroom soup was huge and rocked. The yellowtail appetizer was my favorite !! This place was overall great. We had to ask for some things twice and he couldn't understand a lot of the things we asked for, but it didn't take from our experience.
3	The sushi is good but the service could be better. If you're okay to wait, give it a shot.
3	Recently had the sushi here and it was pretty good. It is not the best sushi I have ever had, but for Madison it is pretty good. Cities by the ocean always have the best sushi and obviously most fresh!
3	Sushi is good here but the service is atrocious. The wait staff treat you like you're a burden.  We've been here for 20 minutes and haven't yet been served water.If you're looking for an elegant experience, this place isn't it.  If you're looking for decent sushi and are willing to wait and wait and wait, give this place a try.
1	Extremely disappointed. After moving to Madison from Japan, I've been searching for a place to get decent yakisoba. Given the good reviews, I decided to give this place a try. Upon entering the restaurant, we were not greeted in any way. This is indicative of the service in general; unless the owner knows you, the waitstaff is completely inattentive.For food, we started with the yakitori appetizer. It was large, dry pieces of chicken drowning in sauce. Not at all the small chucks of marinated, grilled, moist meat you would reasonably expect. The yakisoba was worse, if possible. The noodles were strangely tasteless and had clearly been stir-fried (yakisoba, by definition, should be grilled). Dried yakisoba from a package would have been better. Perhaps the sushi is good, but steer clear of other menu items.
4	The few times I've been here I was pregnant so I couldn't try the sushi. I need to go back to try it out. My hubby and I had the teriyaki salmon with shrimp and veggies. It comes as a meal with soup,  salad and a scoop of ice cream. For the price it was great and tasted really good. The decor is cute but the place is small and had a long wait on the weekends. I wish they took reservations for couples on the same day but there isn't much room for a baby in a car seat anyways. This place is definitely worth visiting, I only docked a star for the really long wait for 2 people (almost an hour)
4	The quality of fish here is very good. I liked how they added some tempura flakes to their spicy tuna rolls to give it that extra oomph. I'm not a fan of specialty rolls so I can speak to that but the yellowtail I got was  good quality stuff. Great staff that pays enough attention to you to warrant their tips. Although I am only in town for a week, I intend to dine here regularly. I got the sushi deluxe with two yellowtail scallion hand rolls. The nori was of a good quality and had a nice roasted aroma.The place is hard to find at night.  The sign isn't illuminated. If you are facing Eye Contact, they are the last space on the left.
3	Pretty good, but not amazing. I had seafood tempura and a roll. I was a little disappointed with how much everything cost. If it had been a little cheaper, I would have given it 4 stars. Sure you can get away with spending less but you may go away hungry!
1	Uneducated and dishonest. Rude and unbelievable I am very confused about why this place can receive 4 stars in yelp. If you can see this message by any chance. Good for you. Otherwise, I hope you will think twice.l before you walk in. We were a group of 7 who had lunch there. The waiters were really rude, not just one of them but all. We only saw one of then gave us a smile when we were paying the bill. They are uneducated and unprofessional. They wouldn't even let you finish your speak when you were ordering and they gave you a bad look when you take longer. Also, they gave us the wrong food and wrong bill.. I understand shit happens sometime. But were paying the bill, they add 17% tips in the bill and did not mention it in our "final bill". So on 2 of the 3 bills, we paid extra tips. Thanks to another friend who saw the original bill and found out the fraud. They deliberately cheated us. The reason is I signed extra tip because on out bill the top section is empty and after I signed extra tips and handed back there ticket. They didn't mention a word. And when we came back and change the amount. They acted like nothing happened. If you are going to this place, I am not saying you will get a bad service like us. There might be other reasons they did this to us. Like we are tourists or we are Asians. But I just don't think this rude and dishonest restruant does not deserve a 4 star. And maybe they should do something else other than serving food which they are obviously not good at.
5	Awesome, awesome place. Tucked away so that you could easily miss it. Definitely coming back. Get the hibachi, so so worth it. Amazing place.
