2	Thought we would try it as it just opened. Food was good if pricey for Mexican (3 tacos $12.95). Extremely noisy. You cannot have a conversation ..just eat and out the door. Don't think I would make a point of going back.
5	Lindo MIchoacan has received so many BEST OF LAS VEGAS awards and now they have a location in Henderson with an incredible view of the city.  It doesn't get much better than great Mexican food with a view.
5	I drive far to get to Lindo Michoacan, but it's so worth it! Not only is the food awesome, but I was blown away by the fantastic service! You will walk out with a jaw drop! I went with my handicapped 4 yr old niece & there were no problems accommodating her! They even brought out some soup immediately along with the chips, beans & salsa, so not once was the kid bored. The price is good & the portions are big, so you can take half home for another meal! It's eye-pleasing too, it's no whole in the wall, for those of you who like "a nice place" to go to. You just gotta try it!
2	I hate to put a Lindo's down since I am a HUGE fan of all the other locations. But This one.. ehhh not the same.I was excited when I found out a couple months ago that they opened a location in Henderson so everyone is the area could enjoy such awesome Mexican food, but when it was my turn to try this one out I wasn't so happy.First off the building use to be a Italian restaurant so it doesn't have the same feeling as the other locations. I like to feel like I'm in Mexico while eating good Mexican food, there is like no atmosphere here. Yes there are great views but it's kinda hard to enjoy when you're back to back with everyone around you. The tables are so jammed in this place I was so uncomfortable. Next up the orders were so butchered and the service was not the usual standard I am use to at the other Lindo locations. The table side guac never came, there was like no tequila in the margaritas even when we order a double, and the changes to the orders weren't there.  The server was cocky and didn't really help us out when we weren't happy.I know it was a busy Saturday night but there are some things I don't think are going to change because of the layout of the restaurant. Just not the same. I will stick to the West Flamingo and Desert Inn locations.
5	I have made two trips to this restaurant. The first visit was at about 4:30 in the afternoon and although the service was FANTASTIC, the food was good, but nothing memorable. However, we decided to go back for a family member's birthday party and this time the food was AMAZING. Also the views of the entire valley at nighttime are to die for. However, I will agree that later in the evening, customers are packed in there like sardines. However, the coma you will be put in by the most authentic tortillas I've had this side of the border will make you forget about everyone around you. Can't wait to get back to Lindo Michoacan!
2	When we want some Mexican grub we think of El Jeffes but sadly it's looks as if they have closed down. There's still a little hope left that maybe they changed their hours and that's why they were closed...Anyhow, we decided to try the new Lindo Michoacan because it is near my house and I have eaten at the Green Valley location and thought it was o.k. so it's time for a second visit.It's nice in the inside-very spacious and of course the view is awsome!!! The whole strip is always in your view.Their chips , salsa and bean dip all needed seasoning. So right away I'm not happy. Not to mention the prices are too high-my chicken dish was $16.95.The kids meals were sad...3 mini quesadilla triangles are all they get on this huge plate coverded in beans and rice that the kids did not want to eat-what a waste!!!My chicken dish consisted of a pounded chicken breast covered in a chili and mayonaise mixture. That was very tasty but when everything else lacks taste it doesn't matter to me that one piece of a dish did have taste.We decided as a family that we didn't care to go back - there are so many other good Mexican restraunts in Las Vegas that I would save money on and not have to put salt in the salsa.
3	Very good food, decent service, and a very nice restaurant with a beautiful view. Extensive menu, A la Carte option is nice. Great for families. Beautiful bar with a strip view, too bad it's covered in poker machines. Very popular place. I live across the street, and most nights the cars are parked up along the street because the parking lot is full. GREAT margaritas.
5	We eat here about once a week. They are always great all around. Great food, great service, fun atmposphere,good value! They also have a great view of the strip!
4	Loved the ambiance, the view, the food, the attentiveness of the staff. Looking forward to the Mariachi!
4	Good service, very tasty food, prices are reasonable. Walked right in on a Saturday evening and was seated quickly. It was busy but they were fast and the food was very good.Try to get a seat with a view of the Strip, its a nice view from up on the hill.
5	I'd heard about the other Lindo Michoacan locations many times from my in-laws, just never mustered up the Mexican cravings enough to make the trip (yes we're pretty lazy!). So when we heard they opened one five minutes from our house, Hubby and I decided we'd finally see what all the fuss was about. Being that Mexican food is Hubby's favorite fare, we eat it a lot, with unfortunately not much satisfaction in the "authentic" arena besides the taco shops that blanket Vegas (Roberto's IS the Real Deal straight from SoCal). So trying LM's Chile Verde and Guacamole burrito combo made us both smile from ear to ear. It came with a Chicken Taco and a Chicken Enchillada, both of which were equally as delictable. And surprisingly their Chipotle Caesar Salad was insanely good with the little Sweet Cornbread bites that were very reminiscent of my all time favorite Sweet Corn Tamales at the original El Torito (SoCal).  [Sad to say they changed their dressing for the salad, so that one is a skip for now.]Bottom line... LM is a great 'Autentico' Mexican food restaurant with a great view, and decently priced combos.  The Chile Verde will not steer you wrong, and neither will the friendly staff.  We're just so elated they finally graced the Henderson area with their yummy eats!
4	Lindo's second location is as good as the original. Finally, there is some good Mexican food in Henderson. Lindo's salsa is top-notch. The only drawback to the new location is it lacks ambiance in that the building it occupies an old Italian restaurant. Nevertheless, Lindo is a must-stop if you're in the area and are craving Mexican food.
4	Aye Carumba... Gotta try it, but be ready first.1.  The real deal - This is the real deal of Mexican food my friends. If  you are used to having tacos, nachos, burritos, quesadilla, taco salads, or items from Chipotle and Baja Fresh or Zabas, then don't expect more of the same.  If your idea of good Mexican food is El Jefe, or Chevy's, then just put on a different view point for this place.2.  It is...- The food here is the real deal and it is very, very tasty.  How many places can to go to order  caldo de res (beef soup)?  Or even the Birria (Goat Stew)? This stuff is authentic.3.  Parking??? Que Paso - How many restaurants are you aware of in Vegas, where you have to park on the street or across the street because the already large lot is so full of guests?4. All this means...- This place is a great place. It is real food, so you have to critique it as real food. The salsa is wonderful, the tortilla hand made.  5.  Music and Decor - Be careful going on nights and weekends when they are playing music. It can be a bit loud.6.  Reservations - The staff is a bit on the non efficient side. Be careful.  And, the place is busy....Try it, Try real Mexican Food,  Ask the waiter for what is really authentic. You will find it here. By the way, yes it was an italian restaurant in the past, but the place back then was never full and never that good. This place ROCKS.
4	I love the open feeling and the view of the strip is amazing. The staff is always friendly and do not miss the opportunity to have the guacamole made fresh at your table.Whenever I have out-of-town friends visit, this is on my to-do-list.Parking lot is SMALL. If you do not hit it right, you have to park across the street, which is not safe, since it is on a hill.The food is good and plentiful. Wait staff is attentive.
5	I love this place. Everything about it makes it fun, entertaining, and satisfying! The ambiance of the restaurant isnt dimmly lit and boring, it is open and filled with people. Ask for a window seat, you will be viewing the entire Vegas valley, and if you time it right you can see the sunset. The salsa and chips they serve you are prompt and authentico, mmm,Margaritas, delicious and they dont skimp out on the alcohol!I recommend the table side made guacamole. There is nothing better than frech guac, and I am in looove. My friends and I usually share plates because their portions are so huge. I have had the burrito bionico and a few other stuff that I dont recall, probably because I didnt order it.. All in all, great & authentic Mexican food that is full of flavor and size. Great staff. Great environment.
4	OK, I just have to say something: NEVER go to Lindo Michoacan when you are hungry (or think you are hungry).  The food is not only tasty but you can't help but eat everything they have.  We had a very good experience (other than the horrible service).  The waiter was just standing around and we waited for our checks, for him to take our dessert order, and he was very stingy on the refills.  My partner ordered the Vegetarian Fajitas and I ordered the Fish Tacos.  The Veggie Fajitas were great but they don't give enough tortillas in my opinion.  He got 2 when it is possible to make at least 3 for the meal.  He enjoyed it for sure.  My Fish Tacos were scrumptious!  Instead of a whole, fried fish fillet, they use pieces of fish then fry them.  It also came with this spicy ranch dressing that was very tasty.  Now, I am not a fan of spicy foods (since it makes me sweat), but the ranch dressing was so good I let go of my aversion to spicy foods.  As if the meal wasn't enough, we ordered dessert!  My partner had his favorite, the Sopapillas.   I ordered the Flan.  OMG!  The flan was awesome.  It was almost as good as my mom's.  Now, that is a very good compliment since my mom makes the best flan.  It is on the pricey side, but with the gourmet preparations of the food, it is very much worth it.
4	Tasty, fresh, satisfying Mexican food.  The menu is diverse (but not too overwhelming) and ingredients are of good quality.  Unlike most "mexican" joints in town, Lindo Michoacan offers a wide range of authentic meals, not just the typical meat and beans drowned in rubbery cheese and bland sauce.  They allow the flavors of the ingredients to be the feature of the meal.  Plus, it's very vegetarian friendly!Table-side guacamole preparation is a treat for some (although if you often make your guacamole at home it's not as enchanting as it is for some patrons), and an attentive and friendly wait staff avoid being overbearing.  This has become our staple "sit-down" neighborhood Mexican restaurant.
2	Very Loud, margaritas decent, probably the worst chicken taco salad I've ever had.  Won't go back.  Fun place for a birthday and great view.
4	The best view in town for sure!  The food is solid.  I really enjoyed the enchilada and taco combo with chicken.  They also have an amazing veggie option for their burritos and enchilada's that is filled with peppers, squash, carrots, and tons of goodness.  I would stay away from the margarita's on the rocks and go blended.  The mix they use is a little sweat.  The beans that come out with the chips for free...a definite bonus.
2	Usually a SRO place on Friday night. We found the food to be quite typical TexMex, no zing for the palette. But hey, the view is great.
5	Ok this was my first visit to an establishment OTHER than my doctors office as a handicapped person. So I am giving them 5 stars based on a few reasons. First the hostess saw me coming in on my knee scooter with my big boot/cast thing and she immediately grabbed the door for me, Then She sat my sister and I at the closest table with an easy access to get in and out of a chair. I was starving after my doctor's appointment and this was my first time getting to eat out since I have been out with my foot problem.  The bus boy helped me get situated and helped me get my scooter under the table. Then he took our drink order and brought my iced tea and chips and salsa. I ordered a chimichanga and my sister ordered the tacos . Bonus: they have like 32 lunch specials. So you have a ton of different combinations to like order from. We ordered the fresh guacamole YUM. I could barely eat though .. But everything I had was delicious. I had it wrapped up because I KNEW that leftovers would be awesome. My busboy .. kept my glass filled, and helped me get my food into cartons. It was extremely exhausting to be out after being on bedrest for the last 5 weeks, so I did not do desert and it was good to go home. But I definitely will be back it was a great time.
5	We always have a great time here.  The food is good and the kids love it too.  They have live music and it is very well decorated.  everyone there is so happy to help and work well as a team. they also happen to have an amazing view of the strip at night.  be prepared to wait though.  This place is packed ALL THE TIME.
4	When we eat Mexican this is where we go. The service is great but the food is amazing. The Camarones Sarandeados Estilos "Tia Esther" is the best blend of spice and shimp.
5	This is the real deal Mexican Food. Someone compared it to TexMex? I havent had anything this authenticate since I was in Mexico. Dont go to a Mexican restaurant and expect them to serve Americanized mexican food.  Go to Chipolte for that. The atmosphere was wonderful. FULL of mexican decorations and not just the common maracas. Place was quiet, and the view fantastic. Tables were NOT back to back. Plenty of room to walk around if you wanted. Also, as you come in the front door, you can see the kitchen and watch them cook through the glass. They have a large bar which I plan on going back to try very soon. Service was great until after we got our check. Took server 10 minutes to come grab our card so we could pay. But other then that, he was there checking in on us every 5-10 minutes. Highly Recommend!
3	This is THE place to go for a spectacular view overlooking Las Vegas. The food is award winning, I know cause I've read about it and seen the awards. I've dined at the one on Desert Inn and I think the one off Sunset is the same owners, but for some reason I am not a huge fan of Lindo Michoacon. The food just doesn't do it for me, and I try to keep an open mind. I guess it's just a different style or recipe? Where is the zip, and gusto? No taste of onions, cilantro, salsa is nearly non existant. I had a chicken chimicanga and the chicken inside was all red and diced up. No other flavors or fillers, kind of bland and no zip. Why? Porque???? Even the chips and salsa wasn't right to me. The red dipping sauce is just plain, the chips are different and the beans are a nice touch, but it had a off taste to it and I LOVE Mexican beans. We had regular margaritas on the rocks, but even that was just average. Put a good amount of salt on the rim, shake the ingredients to a froth! The sour mix was almost grocery store quality. The margarita is the flagship drink, why not make it with some flare?! To me I go for the nice view of the city that is offered in a surprising location in Henderson. The service is very good and that is a plus too. I like it, but the food isnt' my style.
2	It's too bad with so few good Mexican restaurants, what passes for good now is just very ordinary. The food at Lindo is plentiful on the plate and not outrageously priced... it's just that it does not make you say, I must return here. For folks in Henderson, it's a long trip up to the World Market Center, but that's where you'll find interesting and very creative Mexican fare... at  Mundo Restaurant. ..(moving from their previous location over on Ft Apache, wish they decided to come to Henderson instead).http://www.lasvegasweekly.com/news/2010/apr/14/viva-el-mundo/
3	Gets three stars because of the service and the view. Both of which are great. The prices are way too high for the quality of the food that you get. I work near East Los and this place would shut down after two weeks there.
4	Birthday shot of tequila gratis! And oh yea, the food is good.
2	It's okay, I honestly don't see what all the hype is. I've been here twice. The first time was at lunch and I had a taco and an enchilada that tasted like the sauce was out of a can and uncooked. The second time for dinner was better. I had a skirt steak, which was good, but nothing I'd rave over. I miss El Jeffe's (creativity and flavor).On the upside, the view is incredible. The service was alright and yes, the restaurant is loud, but you have to blame that on the previous owners that built the horrible Italian restaurant that was there.
4	I go here 3 times during the year on one of my cheat days and what I like is that the food is always consistent. I order new things every time I go and never had a bad meal. The only reason that I gave them five stars is that the food does not blow me away. It's good but not great. What is great is the service. My drinks are never empty and it's service with a smile. I'm a big fried ice cream fan and they have the best in Vegas. Nice environment to take family out to dinner or guest from out of town to see the nice view of Vegas. In my opinion the best Mexican food in Vegas. If you know of a better one let me know so I can try it. Thanks
5	After years of frequenting this restaurant at the Desert Inn location where I never had a bad experience, my girlfriend and I opted to try the one in Henderson on Valentine's Day.  Fortunately we arrived before the rush and were promptly seated by a very friendly staff.  We immediately received chips and salsa along with requested water. The menu is nothing short of overwhelming, but in a positive way.  Talk about selection and variety.  Everything sounded good but ultimately we made our selections (one steak entree, one chicken entree) which arrived in a timely manner, despite how busy it was.  Our server was friendly and attentive and they always kept my glass full of water.  Both of us completely finished our plates and the taste of the food was totally wonderful.  Even their tortillas were full of flavor.  Overall we had a truly wonderful dinner with top notch service and the view of the city from inside is spectacular.  Upon our departure, the line for seating was out the door - obviously this is a very popular establishment.  I cannot wait to return.
5	I've never been to a Mexican Restaurant like this one! First, the view is great. You have a great, high view of the strip, I'd suggest come here to eat at night. There are large windows on the wall that's facing the strip so that you can enjoy it while eating inside. Second, the food is amazing! We had a spicy shrimp dish, fresh guacamole, and tongue tacos. Everything tasted delicious. You can feel and taste the quality of the food. Third, the ambient is very nice. The decor is very tastefully arranged with Mexican culture and the waiters where very nice. You pay for what you get. It's not pricey, but it's not cheap either. I believe the shrimp dish was around 17-18$.
2	If the review was solely about location, ambiance, and views of Vegas this would be a five star review. If the review was about quality food and value, it would be a one star review.So we're going somewhere in between.Let me start by saying that the views of Las Vegas from the elevated location in Henderson are amazing. Maybe some of the best you will find anywhere in town.That's where the fun stops.If you're looking to spend $14-$20 on entrees that are not only below average, but actually bad then this is the place for you. I've tried various entrees only to be disappointed time and time again. The chips and salsa are the best part of the meal. The rice and beans, bleh. The enchilada sauce, double bleh. Value, just an outright yuck.I want to like this place. It seems like they have a pretty strong following throughout Vegas, but clearly the people eating here (and liking it) have never had good Mexican food. I feel sorry for them. I could find 20 restaurants in San Diego that make far better food at half the price.Next time you're thinking of eating here do yourself a favor...don't.
3	Seated up on a hill near Anthem, this location is breathtaking. If you can, avoid the main dining area and get a table near the windows. When I came here it was a beautiful, clear day, so you have an unobstructed view of the city. When you sit down you are welcomed with a bowl of warm chips, a side of salsa, and refried beans. The chips are addicting and you might be surprised by how fast they go, but do not worry, the staff will refill it for you.Our server was a little hard to find, but the hostess and busser came to take our drink orders and then refilled them frequently. Two baskets of chips in, our waiter came around to take our order. This normally would not be a problem, but one person was on a lunch break from work. After another twenty to thirty minutes we got our order. If you have the time to wait, this place is good, but avoid if you have a time restraint.We got cheese enchiladas, carnitas, carnitas burrito, and the steak skewers. The friend who got the enchiladas liked her dish. The carnitas were seasoned well, but some pieces were really dry. I slathered my in salsa and guacamole. My friend who loves carnitas could not finish his. To give you an idea about how much he loves carnitas, he ate them three meals a day for three days straight while on a business trip.  He also said that he wanted to spit a bite out because it was more like chewing gum than meat. The skewers were the best. Moist and tender with gorgeous pieces of peppers and onion. The portion size is enormous, for $15, it is a great deal for two. Overall, the view is what you are paying for.
3	I live very near Lindo Michoacan.  The food is very good for the prices.  Their happy hour is great too.  The only complaint I have is not one that has happened once or twice but, rather, the large majority of the times my friends and I go.  We always sit at the bar, and our food order is nearly never correct.  The bar staff is super-nice, but 4 out of the last 6 times I've been there, they mess up nearly everything.  :(  One example...  We waited 20+ minutes (maybe 30) before we ordered, and this was after we asked them to take our order.  (There were only 3 other people at the bar at this time.)  I ordered two soft-shell tacos with no lettuce and a cheese enchilada.  My buddy ordered, and we asked for the check to be split.  (FYI...  I don't whisper; I'm a matter-of-fact speaker and never mumble.)  The bartender did not write down the order.  (This particular one never does.)  He asked 3 times for me to remind him what I ordered.  No, it's not because his English is bad; it's perfect, actually.  Also, we had to request the chips, beans, and salsa they always bring.  Not a biggie but seems so much worse piled on everything else that was messed up.  Some time passes.  We finally get our chips, and the meal arrives about 60 seconds after...ugh.  My soft-shell tacos with no lettuce (the ones I'd ordered and repeated 3 separate times when initially ordering) were hard-shell and had lettuce...AND the bartender/server didn't even acknowledge it was wrong.  We were super-upset but still didn't say anything.  Then when we had to leave, the check wasn't split.  That took 15 minutes to do.The truth is, I hate disliking this place because I really want to like it!  When we just order drinks, they are AWESOME.  They are just severely lacking on food service when sitting at the bar...just that specifically.  That is a negative one star out of 5...ha.  I give them three because everyone, except the bartender that's working there the majority of the times we've been, which is around 20 times, is just sooooo terrible.  God bless him, he's bad.
5	My husband and I love Mexican Food and saw this restaurant had good reviews so thought we'd try it while staying in Las Vegas.  It was a little drive for us but worth it...the food was great as was the service...we've been back twice!  We also love their restaurant on Desert In in Las Vegas....will definitely recommend to our friends when they visit Las Vegas!
2	Really wanted to like this spot but theres nothin special about this place but the view of the city.The food is almost flavorless and overpriced. I had the camarones a la diabla (spicy shrimp) nothin spicy about them in fact they where sweet, sucks cause thats my favorite dish but I can get a way better plate of this in North LV for half the price also almost 20 bucks for a shrimp cocktail with octupus, shoot I can pay 9 bucks at the robertos on green valley and horizon ridge for the same amount and taste way better. I'm sorry but I really wanted to like this place but the food just isn't that great put some flavor on it and give me a salsa with some kick to it I feel sorry for the people that think this is good mexican food cause they never experienced the real deal not to mention getting ripped off with these prices....
4	I went here last halloween with my boyfriend for a low key night. It was fun to walk in to everyone dressed up. The wait staff was by far the friendliest and very observant to keep the water glasses filled, which I find it hard to come by these days. The food was very good, and the portion sizes were large for myself. Boyfriend had no trouble finishing his however, haha.  Prices were pretty standard I think. About 10-15 a plate,  depending on the meat and amount. Overall, it was a nice place with friendly people. I have been back once, and was treated the same, so although i haven't been a ton I would consider it to be a pretty consistent restaurant as far as staff and food goes; and that is what keeps me a continuous customer.
4	Amazing views of the skyline of Vegas! This was an amazing Mexican restaurant from the decor to the ambiance to the food the only reason it's not a 5 star is because of some mediocre service. It was slow to start but ended up good at the end. I had the fajitas de Reyes which were amazing really good seasoned meat followed with the perfect amount of peppers onions and tomatoes. The rest of my party really enjoyed the food as well. The evenin was topped off with a mariachi band that was playing live music. This is not on the strip in fact no where near it and we wouldnt have know about it except for family that lives in lv. The fried ice cream was delicious and we all shared because the portions are very generous! Be ready to eat when you get there cuz from beginning to end it's all food!
5	I have never been to a Lindo I didn't like.  The addition of the beautiful view to the wonderful food is awesome.
4	I absolutely love the food at this restaurant and my husband and I make it a point to eat here whenever we are in town. Delicious Mexican food with an awesome view of the strip. Fantastic! My only complaint is that the portion sizes are really too large for one person. I don't like eating leftovers and so it just seems wasteful. They give you free chips served with bean dip and salsa as soon as you sit down and those are just to good to not eat. Plus, most meals come with a starter of fideo soup.  In addition, most of the entrees come with a heaping helping of rice and beans. The best remedy to the superfluous amount of food is to split an entree with someone or just order a la cart (though those items are limited).My favorite meal here is the Shrimp Diablo. Tell them to make it extra spicy and you will be in for a real treat. I also love their Micheladas (that is my favorite drink to eat with Mexican food), though they call them something else here.  I love the upbeat atmosphere though sometimes when they have music it can get too loud.  We have always had excellent service from the waitstaff though I have noticed that the hostesses all seem to have some kind of chip on their shoulders.  As others have mentioned, try to avoid peak times or you will have trouble with parking and likely have to wait for a table.
5	A lot of fun. Great margaritas and great food.
4	My fiance and I met here.  However, when we met it was a very nice Italian restaurant.  We were sad to see the Italian place fail but are pleasantly surprised by the service and food quality of this fairly classy Mexican joint!The only real negative experience was when I ordered a dish that was a Mexican take on steak.  The cut of steak was not very good with a lot of fat and gristle.  I want to state though that ALL OTHER meals I've eaten there were well above average!  In total, we've eaten here about 8 times.So just stay away from any steak dishes and you're good to go.
5	The parking lot is not representative of the population inside. We parked up the street and got in within 10 minutes of putting our name down at 7:30pm on a Saturday. The staff were all courteous and helpful; meals came out quick (despite the staff constantly checking the USA vs. Mexico Soccer game that was going on, it was apparently a big deal. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, just impressive multitasking). The food is excellent. Nothing bizarre, leans more authentic than most "authentic" Mexican places, but just quality versions of familiar food. I would trust the steak and seafood here. The guacamole being made in front of you is amazing, and it allows your to steal the recipe (it also appears to be a lot of work) Our waiter, Rene, was on the ball and had quality suggestions. The Mango Mojitos ARE spectacular. The other busing staff executed excellently. My Cadillac Margarita was almost too strong. Which is how I like it. SUPER MEGA BONUS: The first Mariachi Band that did not annoy me. Not only did they do a splendid job of traditional tunes, they had a delightful version of Charlie Daniel's Devil goes down to Georgia (I am not a hillbilly; it was just a good rendition.) and at no point did they beg for tips or get intrusive. Excellent stuff.
1	Last two times I went, the food was not cooked properly (half raw shrimp) and the steak had giant tendons running through the middle making it inedible.  This was for entrees that were about $20 each.  I won't be back.
4	I frequent the Flamingo and 215 location of Lindo's but this was my first time at the Henderson location.  My friend lives in Salt Lake where good Mexican food is non-existent, so when she asked for some Mexican cuisine, I took her here.The guacamole was unbelievably good!  It's prepared tableside and it had a nice amount of cilantro and jalapenos.  I had so much guac that I could not even touch the amazing chicken dish our server suggested I get.  It went home with my friend.  Service was great and the view is out of this world! You can see across all of Las Vegas.  Portions are huge.  You've been warned!
2	I have to second Elysia E's review of Lindo in Henderson.... I'm a huge fan of the Sahara and Eastern location and almost all others, but my entire party was disappointed with our experience here.It has been said that the building they took over was formerly an Italian location with a fantastic view of the city and Lindo seems like they put up some cheap decor and painted the walls.  The location on Sahara and Eastern makes you feel like your in a traditional cantina with a bevy of fine tequila's and hispanic culture.  Onward to the food.... My girlfriend order the chimichangas which were a huge disappointment and had to be sent back.  We try to never send back food from both working in the restaurant industry.  Furthermore, my carne asada was tough and chewy.  I still ate my weight in bean and salsa dip along with everyone else.  I just would love to see the same consistency at the Henderson location that I'm used to from Lindo.  Not to worry..... I still plan on stopping in for fresh made tortillas often :)
4	First, the service was ridiculously super. I barely started drinking my soda and the waiter was there asking if I would need a refill. The food also came out super fast.  Second, the bean dip offered for the chips and dip when you first arrive was excellent and it seemed to stay hot until the meal was brought out.  My only complaint was that the cheese enchillada at Roberto's has more flavor than this cheese enchillada.  The portions were huge and the rest was great.
3	Great view, consistently good mexican fare. Great made-to-order guacamole.
4	very good food, great view, open till 2am!
3	This review is actually based on my second experience here at Lindo Michoacan. If you are looking for a smashing view of the entire Las Vegas valley and you don't want to spend $$$$$ at the Stratosphere, this is your best bet! However, if you are looking for fantastic Mexican food on top of a smashing view, I'm sorry to disappoint you but this is not your place. My first experience at Lindo was pretty good from what I recall but I had a seat right near the window and I was perhaps distracted by the scenery so much so I didn't pay much attention to the food.. The other night was "Take II" and we did NOT get the window seat. This fact led to more clarity on the entire dining experience. Service was nothing above standard and even slightly below if you want to get technical. My true love in Mexican food life is a good guacamole..mmm..I was pumped about this $9 FRESH guacamole until I piled some on my chip (which wasn't fresh) and took a bite. It was filled with unripe tomatoes, overdosed in lime juice and I swear I was picking the cilantro out of my teeth the rest of the night and possibly the next day (overboard). The food to follow was luke warm, massive and lacked flavor.. If you're wondering what I ordered, I think it was a #6? Chicken taco, enchilada, and something else that was "soo good" I can't remember, haha. All in all if what you want is a great view of the city and you're not looking for fantastic service or authentic Mexican food, Lindo is the place to be!
2	I went here for dinner with my husband tonight.  We were sat in one of the booths that are close to the entrance and had virtually no view.  After eating our bland meal we walked down to the area behind the bar which had an awesome view.... AND 90% empty seats.  The food looked good but was very bland, I added the salsa from the chips to my meal.  The sauce for the green pork burrito was odd tasting too....very lime/citrusy tasting.
5	This is our favorite place to eat. Love the authentic, delicous food & super quick service. Delic!
3	Rice & beans were ok, the house made tortillas better than average. Now the the entree we chose was excellent, Carne Arrencahara was all good. Only draw back it took 45 min & we got in b4 the lunch rush. They also had a great view of Las Vegas.
4	Stopped by while visiting some family, on their recommendation, and was impressed.  I had the lunch special Pollo Amador and loved it.  The chicken was cooked perfectly and the sauce was complex and flavorful.  Rice and beans were good, portion size was good for what you paid.  The dinner menu seemed expensive but I hear the portions are huge so that might be why.  Great view!
5	AWESOME...some of the best Mexican Food you will find in the Henderson area.  They strive to provide you great service, great food and great surroundings.  We have NEVER been disappointed here and even though this is one of the first times I have checked in on Yelp for this place, we have been many many times and will continue to return to this place.If you are in the Henderson area or if you want some great Mexican Food with some great company, this place will serve you until 2am, 7 days a week....that you cannot beat...
4	We love Lindo Michoacan! We, usually, go to the one right next to our house (on W. Flamingo), but we travel to this one whenever we have company in town because of the beautiful view of the strip. We've been lucky enough that each visit we've been seated next to the windows to enjoy the view.The complimentary salsa, refried beans, and tortilla chips are quite filling... so, take it easy to ensure you have room for your actual meal. The beans are sometimes bland, but nothing a little salt can't fix. Besides, this isn't the main reason we come here.With every meal, we've gotten a cup of their fideo soup (which kind of reminds us of those Lipton Cup a Soup packets). No matter, it's still yummy!My go to dish is their Pollo con Rajas y Crema (pounded chicken breasts with onions and pasilla chilies in a cream sauce) served with rice and refried beans. So delicious! Every Lindo location I've visited, the dish has tasted the same... so, that makes me happy! My bf likes to have something different each time, so he's tasted everything from their Filet Relleno to the Chile Verde to their selection of Lengua.We've not been disappointed by any of our selections and will continue to visit this and other Lindo Michoacan locations.
4	I don't know what's going on with the negative reviews-- I've been here twice and enjoyed it both times. The first time I was here with a bunch of friends for a birthday party. I ordered some sort of creamed chicken dish, which came out after a reasonable time and was pretty good. I don't know how authentic that is but it was tasty and that's all I cared about. The hot bean dip with the authentic chips is a definite plus, as is the home made spicy guacamole. The beans and rice are your standard mexican restaurant fare-- no complaints.The second time I came here with my girlfriend. I ordered the steak colorado and she ordered the steak fajitas. I tasted both the entrees and thought it was pretty good stuff. The staff was very friendly, the view was beautiful, the prices were decent. What more can you ask for? Great place for a date!
2	Oh how I desperately want to love this place....but I don't. In my opinion the food is subpar and the service lacks. I've given it many chances thinking I didn't order the right thing or service was just off that day. Nope. After about 5 visits I can officially say that I'm still in search of good Mexican food in Henderson. I gave it 2 stars because the view is amazing and I haven't gotten food poisoning there.
4	Never had a bad meal here. The services is fantastic and the view is beautiful. A bit pricey for Mexican food but the servings are large and the food is authentic.
4	Best Mexican food in Las Vegas! We eat here from time to time because the service is great, the food is amazing and they have a fantastic view of the LV strip!
2	Worst Mexican food I can remember having.  Everything tasted like it came from a can.  Wife and I came here a few months ago for lunch and we both were horribly disappointed.  The verde sauce tastes like the stuff that comes in a can in the Mexican food section of the supermarket.  Margaritas tasted old and tired -- Tasted like the sour mix came from a can or powder.  Nothing fresh and all terribly bland.  View was pretty good, but didn't compensate for the awful food.  Waitstaff did some corny Mariachi birthday thing for a table nearby.  I felt bad for both the staff and the birthday table.  Serving staff did try pretty hard though.  If it wasn't for the decent service (in spite of the corny Mariachi routine) we'd have given it one star.It's not like we got sick or anything, but it was so bland and canned tasting that I can honestly say I've had better Mexican food from a TV dinner out of the frozen food section of the supermarket.We couldn't believe that this place got voted "Best Mexican Food in Vegas" or some such thing.  What a disappointment.
3	I do come here somewhat often but I've had hit or miss service everytime. My favorite dish is the camarones a la diabla. The server claimed that the dish was spicy but it wasn't at all. The sauce had a really good flavor though despite its lack of heat. I did try the vegetable fajitas once and they weren't very impressive. It was just a mess of vegetables cooked and served. The horchata is a little on the sweet side so I recommend a glass of water too. The fried ice cream isn't bad either. Then again, when is anything fried ever bad tasting?
4	Great Mexican food and fantastic Margaritas. I highly recommend sitting on the indoor patio with the view of the strip. The homemade tortillas are fantastic and the wait staff is always friendly. The live entertainment at dinner is excellent and adds to the atmosphere.
4	My favorite Mexican restaurant.  I do not eat a lot of Mexican food but whenever I crave it, this is the place to go.  Service is good and the food is better.  It is quite a massive place but the best place to sit would be the patio side.  The view is breathtaking.
1	I was assured this one was so much better than the other one I went to.  Boy, were they wrong.  The same bland Mexican food and salsa still tasted like a can of tomato paste.
2	Not the worst Mexican food I've ever had, but far from the best.I've eaten at this particular location several times, and the best food I've eaten has been no better than mediocre.The chile verde sauce tastes too much like tomatillo and too little like chile verde. The enchiladas seem more like an overcooked casserole than flavorful, stuffed tortillas. The chile relleno may be their best "traditional" Mexican dish though it is very bland. Finally, on the food side, the tacos--at least those served at lunch--lack tomato and onion. They're stuffed with meat, lettuce, a smattering of tasteless orange cheese--and that's it: no tomato, no onion. I can get a more satisfying and better filled taco at a fast-food joint for less money,Now, as to their "famous Margeritas." The only reason these could be famous is for the poor quality at the astounding price: a base-price blended Margarita, which looks and tastes like little more than a lime slushy costs $8.00. Coyote Cantina on Sunset serves much better Margaritas for the same or less money, especially for the lunch special.I give this place two stars mainly for the spectacular view., The Margaritas merit no stars, the food one star, and, maytbe, the service two stars, if the people would smile more often, though perhaps they've tasted the food
3	I've been here a few times and never walked away thinking "wow, that was so amazing I'm never going to eat again."  Which is what I pretty much expect.  Ever.The service was exceptional, the food was decent, but I'm just a wee bit concerned when I read all the dishes has some exceptional spices and "mom's secret spices" and then seemed....blah.  I ordered carnitas fajitas.  The pork was SUPER soft and melted in my mouth but I couldn't taste any of those secret spices or whatever that's supposed to be in the dish.  I thought onions and bell peppers were supposed to give flavor to the meat?  Whatever, I still ate it.  What's cool is they gave me two HUGE flour tortillas that were freshly made.  We even ordered guacamole that is prepared fresh at your table...and it wasn't amazing.  It was good, just not amazing.  I'll go back because it WAS a good experience, just don't expect 100% authentic mexican food :)  Not like I know what that is anyway.....
4	I usually don't like to pay for fancy Mexican food when I'm perfectly content with a fix from Roberto's or Amigos Tacos. But my experience at Lindo Michoacan made it all worth it.I went with a party of ten (including two babies) and was seated promptly since we had a reservation. We were hoping to get seated where they have an amazing view of the valley but that wasn't available.They were quick to bring warm chips, salsa and bean dip. You can seriously get full just from the chips. The servers continuously refilled our chips to ensure they were warm for us.Try the fresh guacamole! It is made table side so you know it can't get any fresher.I ordered their shrimp enchiladas (over $18) and although it was good, I felt it was overpriced. Good thing I filled up on chips and their complimentary fideo soup.I give this place 4 stars because of their excellent service. Our water was never less than 3/4 full. We were checked on regularly. And even though some people in our party came late and we ended up being there for three hours, we never felt rushed.They have a live band which adds to the fun ambiance. I prefer restaurants where I don't have to yell to talk to the person next to me, but just know that's what to expect here on a Friday night.Kudos to the staff at Lindo Michoacan for your attentive service!
5	I was really surprised to read the bad reviews on this place. I love Mexican food and this place blew my mind! So much so that I ended up going back for dinner 2 days later. They have a huge selection of amazing dishes. Its rare that just reading the menu items description has me salivating. Both times I got the super delicious Steak Ranchero (I think its called) I was highly impressed. Its a new york steak sitting in red and green sauce smothered in cheese. I cant begin to explain how amazing it tastes. Great view of the city and very authentic Mexican feel. The staff are so on top of things it makes you disappointed with almost any other staff at other restaurants. I'm a busy guy and its rare I can take my mind off from work even while out eating but each time I'm there I get lost in the atmosphere & food. The live mariachi band was the tip of the iceberg for me. This is one of my new favorite places to eat.One last thing. This place seems a little expensive at 1st but when you walk out you will feel fully satisfied with your experience. They also have cheaper items in the back of the menu (maybe that's what all these complaints came from) but I recommend going with one of their signature dishes.
5	There sauces compliment the food, where most places use sauce to cover up the food. The service is bar none! Everyone is so helpful and sincere. The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had! By far the best mexican food i have EVER had! Btw, free shuttle service to and from the strip!
1	We (party of 8) had a 5:30 PM reservation. When we walked in we noticed plenty of tables available. After waiting 10 minutes, we asked the young ladies at the desk and were told it would be a few more minutes. As more and more people came in and were added to the list, all being told 15-20 minutes wait, we asked again when we would be seated. Needless to say, the tables in the center of the restaurant stood empty. At that time we were told that they were waiting for a party of 44! Who takes a reservation for 44 people on Saturday at a popular neighborhood restaurant leaving 20 to 30 people on various size groups waiting for tables? After another 10 minutes, it is now after 6PM, the tables are still empty, the crowd getting bigger we were told it would be a few more minutes. With that, we made a reservation for another local restaurant and told them we were leaving. The manager and one of his staff chased us out to the parking lot telling us our table was ready now. Really? And, when we left, the 44 people still had not shown up. Very poor management! My friends and I will never return to this place.
3	I've been to quite a few of the Lindo Michocan restaurants here in Vegas and haven't been wowed yet. I tend to come here for birthdays of friends who are bit fans, but I don't really come here other wise. I like how the tortillas are freshly made in house! They are very delicious and have great texture! I also like the view from this particular location! Very romantic and great way to see the city. The sauces seem a bit flat and not quite what they probably could be. The mole was ok and I do enjoy their carnitas. Their tacos, enchiladas, and tamales aren't the best out there.  I have yet to find a really really good place for Mexican food her in Vegas.
4	I really liked this place. First of all, the view was fantastic. The restaurant was not very packed when we decided to stroll in for dinner around 10pm on a Saturday night. It actually felt nice going somewhere more mellow on a weekend night where you can indulge in good food, drinks and conversation. I ordered the burrito "El Burro Bionico" which turned out to be the size of an infant. For $11.95 I could have easily shared it with my boyfriend and both been stuffed. I also ordered one of their speciality margaritas with dinner which also turned out to be a hit. The service was attentive and to the point. As our dinner was winding down our waiter let us know about their happy hour that starts at 11pm. We decided to move over to the bar and get a blue margarita. The bartender was friendly and made good drinks. We stayed until about 1am just enjoying some drinks, conversation and amazing view. I will definitely be returning.
5	Call me non-traditional but my last 2 visits were Valentines Day and St. Patrick's day.  I can't wait for the next holiday!!  Great food, extremely friendly and helpful service.  Can't beat the view for a Henderson location.
4	Had the Fish Tacos for Lunch. Grilled perfectly and alot of fish in each of the 3 tacos. Not much room for the cabbage that came on the side but they didn't even need it. Very good, will return!
3	I am a fan of this place, but on our last visit was very disappointed. Went for my daughters birthday, called ahead to let them know and then told the staff when we arrived. We have been there for many birthdays and love how they put the sombrero on the "birthday person" and sing.... Didn't happen... instead our bill came immediately after the last bite. As for the food, I had the Ensalada Marinera which is always good, however tonight the avocado wasn't ripe. My husband enjoyed the steak salad... and the girls enjoyed their burrito and taquitos. The margaritas were good, however we had asked for no salt, and yes they had salt on the rim. I'll go back, because overall it is a fun restaurant with good food.
5	The best Mexican food in Las Vegas.  I used to eat at their original restaurant on Desert Inn, and this location is just as good.  Freshly made, crispy tortillas are great.
3	The food here is good, they have a large menu with a lot to choose from. I was only here once on a Friday night as part of a larger party. We had to wait a long time to be seated despite having a reservation in advance. The parking situation isn't the best if you come at prime dinnertime. You'll end up having to park across the street (there are No Parking signs on the same side as Lindo that no one seemed to observe). Really nice view of town though!
1	Yesterday was the second time I have tried this restaurant (04-15-2012). The first time the food was ok, but the service was great. And the view of the valley is amazing! This time was anything but good! The food was again, just ok. But we were just going out for nachos, so it is hard to mess those up. We sat at the bar. They had 3 bartenders on, not a one of which had a clue what to do. It took forever to get our drinks, and we were never once checked on when we got our food. When we sat for 20 minutes with empty plates and empty drinks in front of us it was obvious we were not going to be offered anything else so once we finally got one of the bartenders attention and asked for our check we were told just a minute. Five minutes later we still had no check and she was just walking around behind the bar putting glasses up. We then asked another bartender for our check. Again nothing. By now it has been almost 40 minutes trying to get a check. I am still unclear as to the problem since there was only 2 other couples at the bar during this whole time, and the restaurant was not very busy either. So 3 bartenders would have been over kill in any other restaurant in town. But not a single one of them seemed to have any idea what they were supposed to be doing so I guess they needed all 3 idiots. We finally went to the hostess stand to ask someone to get our check. When asked how our dinner was I smiled and let them know the view is amazing, the food was ok, but the service was so bad that I would never be back, and to keep in mind I have a very big mouth and will probably be telling everyone I come across about what a bad experience this was. I am a local bartender as well. I come across quite a few guests in that  general area. I would think with so many choices for mexican food in this town and so many restaurants struggling to stay open in these tough times they would be able to find someone that actually wants to make sure the guest is happy. I guess the fact that their food is just ok, and they don't seem to have to strive for better there why bother with the service? The name on our check was Adriana. I have no idea which of the 3 she was, but it really doesn't matter. All three were equally as bad with their skills, or actually lack their of! Save your time and money and go someplace that actually appreciates your business. This place obviously does not!
4	I'm not knowledgeable at all about Mexican food. Growing up in Hawaii, I think I could count with one hand the number of Mexican restaurant we had on O'ahu. I definitely have to broaden my experience in what delicious authentic Mexican dishes are supposed to taste like. However, it didn't stop me from enjoying my lunch here.The staff was very friendly and patient. I asked our bartender what chicken dish she'd recommend for me. She named a few and I ordered the Trece (Pollo al Mojo de Ajo) and my boyfriend ordered Veintidos (Tacos de Camaron). Their lunch specials are definitely a good deal, ranging from $8.50 to $11.50, including a beverage, refill, rice beans, and tortillas. Our chips, salsa, and bean dip arrived immediately, and now I can see why people loved the salsa. I loved their flour tortillas, too.We're wanting to come back for Cinco de Mayo, but wondering if we can brave the crowd, I'm sure it'll be packed. I almost forgot to say what an amazing view the restaurant had! I'd definitely come back for their food and service, it was great. Next time, I'll order dessert...fried ice cream....yum.
4	Really good food at reasonable prices. Huge portions and a very attentive wait staff.  We didn't have reservations, but were seated within just a few minutes (on a Friday night).  We got there moments before the dinner crowd swarmed through the front door.Another plus is they don't water down their margaritas like most other places do.I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 solely because of the off-key singer in the live entertainment.
2	Not sure what happened here.  The chips are too thick & served cold.  The salsa is lackluster.  The table side guacamole was tasteless.  Despite the great view of The Strip and the fantastic array of tequilas, I'm still lookin' for the right combination of food, drink and atmosphere.
2	I want to like this place so much! But I just don't. Here's why:Although the beans & salsa served before the meal are awesome (could make a whole meal out of them!), I end up disappointed in my entree, no matter what I get. I couldn't put my finger on the reason for the disappointment until I read some other reviews: the food is just bland. It's not an under-salting issue; the sauces and meats, as well as the rice and beans (whyyyy can't they just put the appetizer beans with the entrees?). It's just blah. Also, considerably less spicy than I like, with no salsa at the table to heat things up. For the record, I can barely handle a jalepeno. All I want from Lindo's is to have a flavor jump out at me. Currently, what I get is a mass of bland that needs to be washed down with a drink. Also, if you find EXTREMELY LOUD mariachi music as obnoxious as I do (it has got to be more than just me!), skip this place or ask to be seated in the room with the view.
5	the nuts!
4	I miss my TexMex and this place is so close to perfecting it. I love their food, the staff and the attitude of this place. So glad it is close to my hood! The only thing I would change is to add queso and get thinner chips!! Otherwise...YumScrum!
3	What you get here is a million dollar view of the valley with sightly less food value. Yes the food is OK, what is memorable are the chips, salsa and the favorable bean dip served quickly when you are seated. The menu is overwhelming and takes a while to absorb. The wait staff is professional and attentive. The food portions are good, but the food is average at best. My son had the Fried Garlic Snapper and said it was very bland and had no garlic taste. My wife had Carnitas and said she had better. I came out on top with the Pork Chop dish (Can't even give the Mexican name) which had an excellent sauce. However, the rice and bean sides were bland and ordinary, the bean dip was better tasting. I have had better refried beans at places like Fausto's. The Spanish rice was dry and flavorless. Deserts were wonderful, the flan was tasty and very creamy, everyone liked the  cake. Go here for the ambiance and view and don't have great expectations for the food.
1	My parents were in town and I foolishly made a reservation here. I feel like an idiot for not reading between the lines of all the fake yelp reviews first! I usually try to filter potential fakes, but I was searching for a good place and I had to find this place. I figured that a place with a great  city view would be a good idea so my parents could enjoy it, and the online menu looked decent enough and they had a few items for me. It looked nice when we walked up to the place, dark and very loud after we walked inside. This place is perfect if you are looking for a "Mexican Chuck E. Cheese" with inflated prices, and I am sure the owner is laughing every day at the stupidity of people like me for dining there. I live here in Vegas, so I had no excuse. I just hope my parents can forgive me for taking her there! * Very loud* Dark* Cigarette Smokers* Bad Service* Nasty Food* Drinks were watered down* Water glasses were dirty * Chips & Salsa were good* Nice ViewNever, ever, again!
5	I love it here! I came for the first time last night and I thought it was awesome! After reading all the yelp reviews, I wanted to try it. The place was packed when we got here but we only waited for about ten minutes. When we got seated, they gave us the best seat in the house. We had a beautiful view of the strip, it was so nice. I loved the authentic feel and mariachi music. All of the employees had nice Mexican uniforms on. The margaritas were fantastic! First we tried the mango margaritas, soooo delicious! Second time around, my husband had the peach and I tried the skinny margarita. Both were also fantastic! We had the table side guacamole. It was so cool to watch the waiter prepare the guacamole right at our table. I've never had that before. Let me tell you.....that was the BEST guacamole I've ever had! It was so delicious and fresh. My husband and I couldn't stop eating it, lol. For dinner, my husband had the beef tongue mole, it was also very delicious. I can't remember the name in Spanish of what I had but it consisted of large shrimp and a spicy sauce. It was delicious as well but very spicy for my taste. I was also surprised at the side of the shrimp. The menu called them "giant" and they weren't very giant. However, everything was delicious and the service was excellent! Will definitely be back!!
5	Javier and company have it down to a science!  You just don't get bad food, service or a view here.  Sure the food is pricey but worth every penny!  I have enjoyed the original location for years but this location is the king!  Home made salsa. guacamole, and the most extensive menu in Vegas make choices difficult because everything is SO good!  I like the fact that Javier has also done a lot for the community.  I see the same workers there so it tells me he demands perfection but there's a reason they stay. I am sure they are tipped well, because I do and I have never had to wait or ask for anything there.  I love the food, and the way I am treated so it keeps me wanting to return again and again!
4	We went for lunch.  The service was excellent, the prices were decent, and you can't get a better view of the strip.  I would certainly go back.The never ending chips and salsas as an appetizer are great too.
5	This review is long over due I have had the pleasure of enjoying this food on multiple occasions every time we have friends, family and just if the temptaion becomes too great we visit Lindo, I have had good, bad and horrible mexican food in this town but I will say in my opinion it does not get better then this.Authentic, flavorful, fresh, original and served by an extremely attentive wait staff. My daughter and her fiance never miss an opprotunity to eat here when in town they live in California (where I am from) and thought all the best mexican food could be found... but I was wrong it took me 3 1/2 years to find this place and I will always be a loyal patron, if only for the table side guacamole, (yes I know this isnt impressive) but it is always flawless...the Pork Chili Verde has so much flavor like it has been cooked with love for hours. I have had breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner here it never disappoints, it can be very busy on Holidays and weekends but it is worth the wait and the view did I mention the view? It is worth seeing especiall at sunset or after dark.Try it you will like it if you enjoy authentic deep rich flavors and quality fare you will become addicted to this place.
3	I am giving three stars based on the food. Good/consistent food. Very disappointed that Lindo didn't honor its own unexpired coupon for a free kids meal on Monday night. Not cool. I'll be going elsewhere in the future where coupons and offers are honored.
4	For authentic Mexican food in the desert, Lindo Michoacan is great.  The food taste amazing, the salsa is spicy, the margarita's are strong and the portions are large.  The service is also very wonderful.  I had the carnitas on the bone and it was fall off the bone moist and succulent.  The burrito is also super huge and can be enjoyed by 2 people!   We also had the Queso Fundedo con Choritzo for the app.  It was not the best I've ever had.  I would pass the next time.When My wife was sick, I came her to get the Pollo soup and it was fabulous, hit the spot.  The only downfall is that is quite expensive for Mexican food.  Our dinner bill was around $80 (1 drink).  I always feel like Asian food and Mexican food should not be that expensive.   My humble opinon.Other than that, if you are looking for great Mexican food, I'd recommend.
3	Margaritas were very good.Although plenty of seats filled when we got there people began clearing out yet the service was a bit slow.  However, I did put in a request for a birthday surprise for my guest which they handled very well...about 6-7 employees came over, one with guitar, 1/2 a shot, a big hat and a nice simple desert with one candle in it.Food was ok and the view was very nice.  Be sure to ask for a window seat ahead of time.I agree with Andrea L.'s posting on 5/21/2012 that states the food was "generic".  Can't explain why as many people seem to like this place and I've been to many different mexican restaurants. Atmosphere was good. P.S. Please note that my previous review of VIVA Michoacan was actually for LINDO Michoacan. The two are separate restaurants at separate locations.
5	Very good food!! Quick service
1	Pronounced: "Me-Choke-On".  Stomach ache after eating here.  When this restaurant used to be located in a much smaller venue, it once had authentic, delicious, purposeful meals.  Now that they've moved to this larger location with no doubt, a great view, I'm not sure what happened.  Hopefully they go back to their good food roots.  Otherwise, maybe better off enjoying the view from the outside.
4	Come here at an odd time because it's always packed and it's hard to find a parking spot. It's a surprise to me that this place doesn't have at least 4 stars. You get a nice view of the strip and the food is fantastic. The staff don't seem frantic or annoyed even if they get so busy. They have so many loyal customers including myself. It can get pretty loud especially if there's anybody celebrating their birthday. So, if you're the grumpy kind or having a migraine headache, this is not the place for you.
4	Love this place and so far every dish I have had there. The staff is great and very sweet. It has a great view and love the drinks. I like it realy spicy so be sure to ask for a side of the Habanero salsa. Yum scrum!!
4	My wife and I keep coming back to this place for three reasons1- the view, best in Henderson for looking at the entire valley2- table side guacamole the best we have ever had3- red sangria and margaritas, just don't let the manager make it, he tends to load it up with ice, and in the end you just get a watered down glass of wine
5	I was with a party of 5 last night for my friends' daughters 21st birthday!  They went over and above to make the occasion special.  They gave us a table in the corner with the BEST view in the house.  The service was 5 star all the way as was the good.  The all sang happy birthday, and gave the birthday girl a shot and dessert, on the house.  Pure Class!  She loved the margaritas and they outdid themselves on the food.  A GREAT time was had by all!
5	This is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in town! My husband and I eat here about twice a month. Every time we go I try something new but my husband loves the Camarones Abuelito Timo so much he always orders it. Our favorite waiter Renee doesn't even ask him what he wants, he just knows. I have loved everything I have tried at Lindo. The views are fabulous, the food is beyond your typical Americanized Mexican food. The drinks are great, superb service, the live music always awesome, and some nights there is a great Mariachi band. Expect to wait for a table but who cares, it's worth it. Order a margarita, and enjoy!
4	Server team was really on point. Very on top of things. The speed of service could have been a little slowed down. I get it they are going into prime time and want to turn tables, but you shouldn't go so fast that guests feel rushed. Not saying it was bad or intentional. They were just so on top of things they were focused on speed. Hence the 4 stars not 5. Excellent dinner overall. Were already talking about when we were going back. Excellent view of the city. Congratulations to a family that has been working for many years in this city opening one successfull store after another.We definitely overate. Who order 3 desserts for 4 ppl at a mexican restaurant?
1	$18 for a shrimp chimichanga? LOL & it barely had ANY shrimp. No, i don't think i'll go back.
2	Went to this restaurant a few nights ago with a big group of friends to celebrate a birthday. I'd never been here before, but I'd driven by. When I first got there I was impressed by the ambiance - there are huge windows with a great view of the valley below. There's also a band that does some live music. I had hopes for some good Mexican food as I don't really have a Mexican restaurant here in Vegas that I love. But this place was definitely a let-down. From the super spicy and not good salsa, to both the entree I ordered (bland steak fajitas) and the waiter-recommended entree that my husband ordered (ribeye with cilantro sauce - the steak was just not very quality, very fatty), this place was just a disappointment. I don't drink, but the people in our group that did were quite surprised when they got their hefty checks at the end of the meal.I do have to say that the service was great. But other than the service and the ambiance, this place doesn't have much to offer.
4	This place really impressed us on our last visit about a week ago. We had been here a few times before but this most recent visit prompted a review write up.My father in law, his wife, and my husband and were seated very promptly for our early dinner (about 5:30pm) on a Saturday night. We were seated at a window table with an incredible view of the town. We were immediately greeted and our drink orders were taken.Renee and his team were ON THE BALL! our orders were taken, our drinks were always filled and chip bowls never empy. I never even had to request anything being the guys were VERY aware and observant of what was going on and never missed a beat in making sure we had everything. It really depends on preference but i did not feel they intruded or interrupted our dinner and conversations. The meals were great, and always is so I dont get why people comment the food is not very good. I have tried multiple dishes and it has always been as good as any other nicer Mexican restaurant. Yes, the prices are higher, almost all shrimp dishes were 18.99 but you can get the combo meals towards the end of the menu at reasonable prices of about 11.00. This is not Roberto's, Cafe Rio or anything similar, this is a nice restaurant to expect to pay the price. After finishing our meals, we continued to order drinks and Renee and his guys basically left us alone and we did not feel rushed so we took our time to enjoy the view, drinks, and great conversations. I will say the only minimal downsides were the parking as usual, if you dont get there early, parking is very limited so you have to park at the parking lot across or along the street. Also, there was a larger party seated somewhat close to us that had crying babies so that is not the restaurants fault but was a little distracting. The overall experience definitely made for an excellent night out. Try and get seating on either corner end of the restaurants where it has great views, feels a little more intimate, and is also quieter than the main center seating area.
5	went for lunch and everything was great. i usually dont eat mexican food but their carne asada was awesome. the view of the strip is also something good looking at. our server miguel was also awesome.
4	The food here is always 5 stars, but the service has been less than desirable the last few visits.  Margaritas are yummy in my tummy!The fresh guacamole is the perfect start, with extra lime juice for me please.  I always get the garlic chicken mole', absolutely amazing 7 times and counting.  I wanted to try something different so I went with the steak fajitas and I might have a new favorite!Did I mention they have one of the best view in Vegas with glass windows that make the best sunset setting.  We watched the fireworks there this past July 4th and it was great.
5	Mmmm mommy-do dinners at Lindo.  The fideo soup makes me miss my husband a little less :)
4	Went for my bday. I called personally to ask for a seat with a view of Vegas. Needless to say they didnt have a seat with a view. However the manager sent us over a free dessert which was nice. The food was excellent. The prices a lil high but if you get there before 5 some great specials!
5	First and foremost, this place has a great view! Quick and attentive service. Reasonable prices and good lunch specials. Fresh and yummy guacamole made right at the table. Overall a fantastic find!
4	The food is good but not exceptional.  You come for the view mostly which is spectacular, even better than Ventanos down Horizon Ridge.  I can walk here and mostly do, due to the parking issue.
2	This place has a fabulous view and we were really looking forward to eating here as the tantalizing smells wafted toward us as we walked in. Unfortunately, the place is TOO LOUD! We left without dining since conversation was difficult.
4	Out of all of the Michoacan-themed restaurants around the valley, I go to the La Loma Lindo location the most often since I live in Henderson. It's a solid bet when I feel like having some super delicious chicken -- I've had every chicken dish on their menu and found you can't go wrong with any of them. My favorites are the gallo al mojo de ajo, pollo sarandeado, and pollo al tomate. I'm a sauce fanatic, and the sauce on all three of these dishes is to die for! The carnitas are also pretty super, and tender enough to fall apart at the touch of your fork. The portions are enormous on almost all of these dishes -- every time, I can pretty much get 3 meals out of whatever I order, making it a fantastic deal for a moderately-priced restaurant.Other things I like about this Lindo are the ease of getting a table (I've never made reservations and have never had to wait more than 10-15 mins for a table, even when they're super packed); all of the choices of margaritas (their skinny margarita is actually the closest most places come to offering an actual "real"/classic margarita); and the view, which is especially awesome after sunset. Service is also pretty decent and super quick most of the times I've gone. Also, if you call in a to-go order, they'll actually also give you the cup of fideo soup AND the beans/salsa and chips they'd give you if you were actually dining there, which most places definitely wouldn't do if you were ordering take-out. Drawbacks are the noise (this location gets really loud to begin with, acoustically, but then one of the dudes playing keyboard & singing comes on and you can't even hear yourself think, much less hear your dinner companion speaking) and the beef dishes (I've tried a couple, and both times the meat was tough & not very flavorful, in spite of the other flavorful ingredients).If you're in Henderson and you're looking for flavorful Mexican food that deviates from the standard burrito/taco/quesadilla offerings, you shouldn't be disappointed with this place.
4	Like so many others have said, the view of Las Vegas is fantastic from this restaurant. The atmosphere is warm and the service was polite and quick.I thought the food, although good, had room for improvement. I had a steak dish that was a little over sauced which made it difficult to taste the natural flavours.Prices where fair and nobody left the restaurant hungry. I will be returning to Lindo Michoacan in the future.
4	Food was delicious. Service was great. Everyone in the restaurant was very nice and helpful. The only reason this place does not get 5 stars is that they did not have any queso dip, a staple at every Mexican restaurant I've every been too.
1	No More - gave it another try and bad experience again.The food is good but no better in quality as the nearby little Mexican take out diners. They display their food nicely in a beautiful environment.You should never have a bad experience at a restaurant, especially Mexican Restaurant, that has the high prices this place has. It's a special treat to go there for the ambiance and fabulous view of Las Vegas.But the last two times (Latest this week) it has been really bad from the management especially.First time we took a special out of town guest because she likes Mexican Food and is a vegetarian. There are vegetarian items on the menu but three times and long waits in between they put meat in all of her food. She never got her dinner-nor did the manager even stop by to help. The rest of the table ate as she waited.Second time - We received a promotion in the mail from the restaurant which advertised their happy hour and a 15% discount. We said "Hey, we haven't been there in awhile, lets go." The promotion pulled us in. They would not accept the promotion we received saying that it was for the dinner hour only. (which the promotion did not say and we called their attention to) Still no deal. Now keep in mind, this made our experience so negative and for only a $2.25 promo. How cheap can they get for a classy place. And once again the manager did not come by to help.Our family knows this restaurant back in the day when it was just a little cart downtown Las Vegas. What a shame.I sure hope the downtown Vegas location is still good.We will never return to the Henderson NV location on Carniege.
2	Um, clearly many of you have never had real Mexican food.My best friend raved about this place ever since I told her I was moving to Vegas from California and needed to discover new Mexican restaurants to help curb my insatiable craving. She mentioned how much she loved Lindo so I gave it a shot -- but girl you are trippin'.Lindo Michoacan is overpriced, bland, and flavors were just flat out weird. The salsas lacked that kick that I love and expect from freshly made salsa. The decor was a chain restaurant nightmare. However portions were big if you like that kind of thing and the view is quite beautiful. The search for delicious Mexican food in Vegas continues! (Please, any suggestions are welcome!)
2	The view is amazing and definitely the highlight.  The food was ok, not what I was expecting. Some things were great others were subpar. The service from our waiter was horrendous. The attendants were great, but the server never checked on us, no refills, never came back to the table except to drop off the bill. The chips that came out were decent, they lacked salt. The salsa was good, especially when mixed with the bean dip. My mojito was just bad. I had carne a la tampequeno, a favorite of mine based on time spent in Mexico. The version at Lindo is okay, but the meat was not what I would have expected.  The rice an beans were the same thing I would expect from a hole in wall. Not bad, but nothing special. Our table was seated with a prime view.  The servers assistants were always around, and the table stayed clean. But no one offered anyone a fresh drink, or checked on the food. Sad really. Maybe we will go back. But it won't break my heart if we don't.
1	I'm sorry but this place is awful.  We've tried it 4 times and tonight we just said never again.  Maybe it's because we've had Mexican food in Phoenix but this place has TERRIBLE service and it's ridiculously expensive and LOUD.  The view of the strip is nice if you can get one of those tables but the food is just bad.  Tried something new (again) tonight to see if I'm picking the wrong things and it's just the food and the cooking (tonight tried vegetarian fajitas and it was all green peppers, unbelievable that there were no other veggies but a few onions).  3 of us went to dinner and they forgot our soup and we sat there getting ignored when we needed a bill so we could leave the place.  Thumbs down, save your money and go down the street to Robertos.
3	THE VIEW!  That's it really, the food tasted ok, I've gotten an upset tummy the two times I've dined here. Eh, I might consider going back if I had other friends going.  Pretty disappointing :/
5	Favorite Mexican restaurant in town. Love to come here and bring out of town guests for the great food and amazing views of the valley. Can't go wrong with the nachos and margaritas. Fish tacos also delic.
4	I often base the tip on how long my water glass stays empty. They earned a bonus tonight. Good food, above average service, chili Colorado burrito very good. Most everything we have had here is tasty. Ask to sit by the window for a nice view of the strip. So why not five stars...well they are a little pricy but sometimes it's worth it...good food, good service...yeah worth it.
5	Linda Michoacan is my favorite place in Las Vegas for Mexican food.  The view at the Carnegie location is amazing too.My favorite dish here is the camarones sarandeados which is a lovely shrimp dish that is not too spicy.  Their enchiladas and steak dishes are very good also.  If you're in the mood for dessert, the fried ice cream is huge and very yummy.  The flan was also very nice.
1	Horrible ! Never going back again ! Chip and salsa was what I had my heart set on and it was flavor less , comon how can you mess up chip and salsa. The service was terrible just as bad as the food ! No flavor at all ! None what so ever ! Authentic my a*** .
5	Went here last night for my fathers 60th birthday, by his request. He suggested this place because he said he went there before, he said "I had a fish dish, it was really good for the price...I loved it. 1st of all its the best view imaginable, the food was delicious and the service was better than expected - fast, and friendly.  the birthday song they sing is amazing!!! I will be back.
4	Guac made at the table and a great view!  Will come again.
1	Service was horrible. 1/2 hr after being seated we were still looking for our waiter. Then it took an hour before the food arrived. I had the Chili Colorado. Bad. Wrong cut of meat was used, and it was improperly prepared and then served in what tasted like cheap canned enchilada sauce. Even the margarita didn't come as requested. I won't be back.
2	Bland food just like every other Mexican place I've tried here. Nice place, great service.
4	Great Margaritas!Be careful not to fill up on chips, salsa and bean dip before dinner.For some reason, this place is always slammed.I definitely recommend going here early.Service is great!  They have lots of servers and people refilling waters and removing plates, etc... Went on a Friday night and there was a full on mariachi band playing.So, if you are looking for a quiet meal... it's not going to be here.This place is fun and loud.Their menu offers LOTS of options.... Chicken, beef, pork, fish, etc...I always have a hard time deciding what I want.And I usually take home half of what I order because their portions are large and after the chips, salsa and bean dip, I'm mostly full when dinner arrives.All entrees are served with rice and beans.And if you get something that comes with flour or corn tortillas... oh man... hard to choose.  Their corn tortillas are not the usual dry corn tortillas.  Their corn tortillas are AWESOME.  But then so are their flour tortillas.  But because I don't get to enjoy corn tortillas like theirs... I usually get the corn.  I highly recommend the corn tortillas... Get Them and Taste the difference.  All corn tortillas should be like this.  :)
5	After hearing from multiple people how amazing this restaurant (and this location in particular) was, I decided it was time to try it out. The feel of the place when you walk in is super authentic and welcoming, and the staff was some of the most attentive and polite service I've had at any restaurant in Vegas.The House Margarita was delicious and a pretty decent size for the price ($8). The complimentary chips, dip & salsa are very good as well, the salsa has a good kick to it. The combo specialty plates are HUGE. More than enough for one person. Each plate comes with rice & beans plus fideo soup to start the meal. The soup was very flavorful and one of the highlights of the meal. I ordered the chicken enchilada, chicken taco & chicken tostada plate (Combo #6) and only ate half of everything. The person I was with ordered the beef enchiladas (both plates came with rice and beans, so a LOT of food) and he loved his meal as well. One thing that should be noted is how AMAZING the view is overlooking The Strip. Definitely a major bonus for dining at this location. Everything was reasonably priced, the food was delicious and the staff were fantastic, and I will definitely be back.
2	The two stars are just for service and ambiance, I agree with some of the other reviewers that the view of Las Vegas is beautiful, the food lacks in taste and quality though.  I had high hopes when we pulled in to meet another couple for dinner as the parking lot was full.  The food is on the mild side which cater to milder palettes.  My friend ordered the marinated pork chops, expecting 3 succulent chops only to find 3 thin slices of pork chops, which looked as if a pork chop was sliced into three.  Her fiance ordered the green chili burrito combo asking for just beans, cheese, rice, and sauce since he is a vegetarian, but they added pork into it.  My bf ordered a cobb salad and enchilada a la carte and did not enjoy his meal.  I ordered the Carnitas Fajitas and did not enjoy the taste.  It did not taste fresh and it lacked flavor...tasted like it was never marinated and came out of a slow cooker.  I actually took it back to the hotel room and doused it with the salsa I had leftover from the catering truck we purchased our breakfast from earlier, which was much cheaper and had more flavor.  Since some other reviewers raved about the "delicious and different corn tortillas", I ordered those with my meal to find stale corn tortillas that were most likely store bought, not homemade at all.  While I was packing my takeout container, they staff quickly took the tortillas...maybe to reuse since mine tasted old and stale?  As far as the salsa and beans served with chips prior to ordering the meal, the chips were cold, salsa was very bland, beans were nothing remarkable.  The fideo soup actually did have good flavor, but lacked substance.  The atmosphere was also very loud with music, so it is not a place to gather for people who are trying to catch up.  They were very busy so I am sure they will not miss our business.  I have had much better Mexican food in other restaurants and taco shops/stands.
4	I don't usually dig Mexican food so I wasn't too thrilled when my husband suggested we give this place a try. He was suckered in by the large glass windows and the restaurant's location, perched high atop a mountain overlooking the Vegas valley. (The view did NOT disappoint, by the way! It's a great place to take out of town visitors to impress them with a stunning view). The restaurant is large and spacious. The hostess was super friendly, and you walk in right by the open kitchen. The menu is large with all sorts of interesting and creative dishes (I got a chicken breast cooked with sweet peppers and topped with cream and it was amazingly tasty). I also asked if I could have veggies instead of rice and beans and they said no problem and were very accommodating! All dinners come with freshly made flour tortillas (sooooo yummy), rice & beans (or a vegetable medly of mushrooms, onions, zucchini and peppers if you ask), and a pretty dang good cup of soup (tomato broth with noodles). Another big plus is that they serve Pepsi products. Nothing's better than a fizzy Diet Pepsi on a hot day!The complimentary corn chips, salsa and bean dip were nothing to write home about, but we managed to gobble down almost the entire basket. The food really is "Mexican gourmet" as advertised. The ingredients tasted fresh and the options inspired. There are also standard items for picky eaters (tacos, quesadillas, fajitas). The best thing about this place is the service! We had TOP NOTCH service, better service than we have had in some of the fancy places in town! I kid you not. We never had to ask for anything or needed anything. It was amazing. The service here is something that really surprised me but it will keep me going back!
4	The sweet cornbread is to die for! The customer service is phenominal and the view of the strip is amazing at night and during the day!
2	I've experienced better, the rice had no taste, we had like 5 waiters each one would either bring you something or just ask if everything is ok. I love Mexican food but being Puerto Rican I need my food to have flavor and spices and it was just bland. :-/
5	It's good food there I try the ribeye steak
2	My primary complaint is that the plates are served warm, not hot.  There is nothing worse than tepid enchiladas, except cold tortillas.  Why serve tortillas in a basket? They get cold so quickly. I'd heard great things about this restaurant, but it is a disappointment.  The chips are thick and over-fried and the salsa is weird, not fresh. Skip the shrimp cocktail--the shrimp are swimming in cold juice, like a gazpacho, but not as good.  The Cadillac margaritas are tasty, but how hard it is to make a good margarita in this town? The guacamole is bland.  I had to add hot sauce and squeeze lemon juice on it.Chili's has better steak fajitas at a fraction of the cost.
4	My go-to Mexican restaurant in Henderson. Food is good. I wish they would have a better salsa to dip the chips in. Go at sunset and ask for a window seat to see an amazing view of Vegas. There is usually a wait on the weekends.  Various affordable lunch entrees.
4	I love Lindo! I actually enjoy this location as well as the one on Flamingo/215 and the other on DI/Pecos area. This one has a view of the city to die for! The food is always fresh and delish! The table side quacamole is expensive, but so worth it. I love that this place offers free bean dip with the salsa too! The only complaint I have is that it is always so freakin loud in here. The place is very open with high ceiling and it makes for the worst place to have any sort of dinner conversation. Good thing I am married and am more into the food at this point, because this would be a horrible date place :p
2	Not impressed with this place.  The view was gorgeous but I've had better fajitas at chili's!  The busser was on top of it, but the waiter was a little weird.  The horchata was about the only thing that I can say was really good, which is sad because I've heard so many good things about this place.  We probably won't be going back, if it wasn't for the ambiance.
2	The good: The food is pretty good.If you can get a table near the window, the view is great. (good luck here).The bad: The wait is 30 minutes for dinnerThe tables that are not right near the glass don't have the viewThe prices are fairly high. $18+ for most dishes.
3	great atmosphere, food is okay, I have had better before. My burrito was pretty big, but my family all commented that their meals were just fair.
4	We visited this location on a very busy Sunday-Mother's Day 2013. It coincidentally was my son's 13th birthday, and he chose the restaurant (good choice, son).We walked in, expecting a crowd because it was prime lunch time on the most sacred of days for Mothers.Our wait was about 25 minutes. We lucked out were able to sit in the waiting area (some had to stand, as they were busy).We were greeted to be seated, and each female that the staff assumed was a Mother, was given a pretty carnation flower, a nice Mother's Day touch. They were hesitant on giving me one (hopefully because I looked too young to birth the 3 monsters in tow), but once they read my tank top that says 'Best Mom Ever', I was gifted a carnation.We were brought to our table, which had gorgeous views of the Vegas strip. The decor is pretty authentic, and the live Mariachi band made me feel like I was back in Cancun on vacation. Unlimited chips, beans and salsa. I had the most delicious Pina Colada that by the time we had ordered our food, I was feeling VERY good. My 3 kids were also enjoying the live band, who were walking around from table to table.Service was a bit slow, the wait to receive our food was a little longer than desired, but all was alright because the band, the non stop chips, and my amazing pina coladas made our experience actually FUN. The kiddos were rockin' out and didn't ask me once when their food was going to arrive (thats a first!).We finished our meal, and were suddenly bombarded (in a good way) by the whole Mariachi band at our table, armed with churros loaded with whipped cream, and a huge sombrero, for my birthday boy to wear. The whole restaurant joined in to sing Happy Birthday. It was truly a perfect day, thanks to delicious food and drink, great service, great experience, and sharing my special day with my firstborn.
4	My friends wants to get a drink after they obtained new tattoos near by.  We sat at the bar.  The bartender was nice and helpful.  Had the fiesta colada.  So yummy!  The nachos were good, but way too much cheese.
5	This is my first yelp review.  I honestly Cannot say anything bad about this place from the last few visits.   All times I was fortunate enough to be seated by the windows to see the great view of the strip.  My most recent visit was only about an hour ago and the food as always was delicious.  Our server extremely busy with a large party but did a great job at making sure that we were well taken care of.  Not long of a wait.Excellent customer serviceDelicious foodprices are a little higher than other Mexican restaurants, however I've never had this great of service at any of the others.  Well worth the price.Overall 5 stars
4	Have a craving for Mexican (or just margaritas)? This is your place!  They have a huge menu, so it can be overwhelming if it's your first time at the restaurant. I stick to a couple things that are my fav: carne asada, enchiladas, fajitas. And definitely order the guacamole, they make it right at the table the way you like it, delish!This restaurant has a great view of the strip and they have a band playing traditional music. With that, it is very loud and very hard to talk. I don't recommend this place for large groups for that reason. Helpful Tip: Take it easy on the chips. The waiters are on top of their shit so if you're getting low on chips, they will immediately spot it and refill your bowl... causing you to eat WAY too many chips and be completely full by the time your meal shows up. This situation never ends well since you feel obligated to eat a little of your meal even though there is absolutely no room for it.
1	Its my 1st time here & gotta say it sucks!  It took an hour to get our food, and to top it off, it super overpriced & the food is not even that good!
2	Lindo - on DI used to be a great place.  But it seems like the secret got out, the business grew and quality suffered.  It kind of reminds me of going to a large chain style Mexican Restaurant in Southern Cal.  If that's your thing - this place is for you.  I leave here feeling like I have consumed 100lbs of salt, it's very loud and parking is tough.  But it does have the best view in town.
4	I didn't need to eat here to give it at least 3 stars because when I walked in I was woo'ed with the views.  As long as they had a good margarita and chips and salsa I was in!Food was amazing, entire strip view was incredible, margaritas were tasty, chips were perfect, salsa was superb, and the staff was outstanding (that being said after both of my kids spilled a drink on the carpeted floor).
4	Out of all 3 Lindo's in the valley, this one wins with the view.  Unfortunately it is also the busiest location and they have a tiny parking lot, so expect to park in the office lot across the street.Back to the view, they have large glass windows which look out onto the entire Vegas skyline.  The restaurant sits on top of a small hill within an already elevated part of Henderson, which provides the best view for a price in town!Food wise I can't taste a big difference between all the locations, but I still prefer the original DI location for its classic feel.You can easily fill up with a $15 combo plate here and the food will be very consistent!
4	I love Lindo's food, but the atmosphere is a tad kitsch. I know it's a Mexican restaurant, but it's a tad loud. The staff can be forgetful at times. Nevertheless, it's some of the best Mexican in the valley.
4	This Mexican is impressed by their menu, Cadillac margarita, panoramic view, and overall aesthetics.
5	Beautiful view, attentive servers and excellent food!
3	Been here several times and not back for the food which has been hit or miss but been back for the drinks.  Margaritas have always been very yummy!
4	I have pretty much been to all of the Lindo Michoacan locations in Las Vegas and this one tops all of them based on location/view!  It's amazing! The view is a beautiful skyline of the Las Vegas Strip.  As for service, our busser Angel was a bit more active than our waiter in terms of ordering.  The Dessert Inn location seriously has it down when it comes to overall service.As for the food, the salsa, beans, and chips are something you must watch out for if you plan to eat your main course!  The salsa combined with the beans has just the right amount of heat that you lose yourself in them, and the busser just keeps them coming.  The tomatoe based fideo soup served before the main course is also good.  It reminds me of my moms.  I normally stick with Camarones Abuelito Timo, I was happy to see that the flavor is consistent between the other restaurants.  bacon wrapped, cheese covered shrimp, with a delicious mayo/Tabasco aioli....can't go wrong with bacon!Overall the location, food, and environment is great!
5	Best Mexican food. Best service. Best place to celebrate anything. LOVE this place.
5	Best Mexican food in Henderson! Incredible view of the city and great atmosphere. I had a delicious pork burrito & sangria! Great place to being friends and family when they come to :)
4	Great food, tasty margaritas and an outstanding view. Service is usually good but felt a little rushed a couple of the many times we've eaten here. Come at dusk for the view with an appetite and you won't be disappointed.
4	Steak was tender and tasty, but the rest of the dish was very bland. Don't get the Queso dip because its not cheddar it's Swiss and very hard and gooey. Service & view was excellent!! It's worth checking out and getting away from Las Vegas strip for a little while.
1	My girlfriend and I have been going here for about 2 years now. The last two times here the service and food have gone downhill. Great location and view is awesome. I guess they are leaning on that for your dining experience. I ordered the fajitas last visit and this time I tried the enchiladas, fajitas had no flavor and the enchiladas tasted like the microwave variety. Sorry to see this place go downhill. Hope they fix the problems. Also it's extremely noisy with the band playing. I figured the band was on the weekend but it seems every night. Maybe if they got rid of the band and concentrated back on the food I would go back! No offense nobody wants trumpets blowing off in their ears when you are trying to eat!
4	Good food, good service and a great view of the Strip. We will return next time we have a hankering for authentic Mexican food.
2	This was my second time here. My first experience was great but this time around, not so much.I asked the waiter what is the difference between Al Ajillo and Al Mojo de Ajo, he answered that it is the same thing, that it was just a misprint on the menu. He said its just garlic salt, pepper and a little spice. So I ordered a steak with shrimp al mojo de Ajo but when i received the plate it was covered in a wine sauce. A wine sauce that was supposed to be reduced but instead was watery.The waiter never even mentioned it had wine and there was so much it ruined the meat, rice, etc. My husband let the waiter know of our disappointment but we never received an apology from him. We did receive great service from other staff members but that isn't enough to make me go back to this restaurant. People do seem to enjoy the atmosphere here but I prefer to enjoy my food and this place couldn't do that for me.
2	The food was good, the service sucked.  Our waiter Rene was gone more then he was at our table checking drinks.  We asked for napkins and he went up and started talking to the other waiters.  His attention span is, what was I saying???We finished our meal and sat for a good 10 minutes watching the other waiters taking care of their tables because our waiter was, wait what was I talking about?I guess you get the point as 5 tables came and went while we sat and stared out the window, thankful for a good view.When you are more interested in socializing with the other staff members versus waiting in your tables it's time to find a new job.
3	I was less than impressed with the chips and salsa. The chips were a little well done and the salsa was hot. I LOVE salsa and I was unable to eat this stuff. The service was fantastic! I was impressed with how attentive our servers were. My food was just OK. I ordered the "Grandpa Timo's Shrimp." Translate into Spanish to order. It was gulf shrimp, stuffed with cheese and peppers, wrapped in bacon and then deep fried. Three of my favorite things in one dish. The shrimp was fantastic but the bacon was really really crunchy. The cheese and the Timo sauce were good. My wife had the Orange Roughy and enjoyed it. Our meal, without drinks, came to about $42. Not too bad and truly worth it if the service is always going to be this great. We left a great tip.
5	Beautiful view, great (friendly, efficient, attentive) service. Had drinks, ceviche and guacamole, and fried ice cream for dessert. All very tasty.
1	This place leaves A LOT to be desired! I would only go here for drinks & the spectacular view! As far as authentic Mexican food, it's terrible, and I'm Mexican! It all tastes frozen & microwaved, the service is terrible. When I want authentic Mexican, I go to the original Lindo's on Desert Inn & Eastern or Bonito Michoacan on Decatur & Twain. I will never waste my money here again!
5	Seriously AMAZING views of the city! For that alone I would continue coming here!But in addition to that you also get tasty food and very friendly service. While I was there last time there was an amazing Mariachi band that was so charming and fun!The staff at this location are really nice and are always great about accommodating us when we have large parties or special occasions. On busy night you may have to park down the street and walk to the restaurant but that is just a testament to how popular and great this place is!
5	Lindo's is great. On a busy Friday night, we were seated within 10 minutes and the waiter was so accommodating. Food was great too and came out hot and just as expected. Beware, the servings are big! Complimentary chips and salsa and bean dip, mmmmmm. Also, they had a mariachi band there, singing for birthdays and just in general. It was loud on a Friday night but also a fun atmosphere, we loved it. (The band takes breaks, don't worry.)I wish we could have sat closer to the window that overlooks the city but you could still see it from where we were- really incredible real estate!
5	Amazing views!!!!! Number one thing. Man but you better have a reservation any night of the week! This place is always packed and for a reason! Food=amazinggggg. So moist, flavorful and cooked to absolute perfection. I love to get the coca cola pork. Wrapped in their fresh tortillas... Perfection. Service? Amazing as well. Always refilling my drink and very attentive, yet you don't feel like you're being rushed out of the restraunt.Ten stars. Love this place.
2	It's 2:30pm on a Saturday and the place is not even a quarter full, so basically it's empty here and we waited a long time for someone to come to our table and take our drink order.  Then it took a long time for the waiter to come.  We ordered table side guacamole and it took forever to come.The food was not that great which reminded us why we never go here.  We got a chicken tostada and the chicken was extremely dry and tasted nasty.  Everything else was fair.This is a very loud place, many people come for birthday celebrations as they sing to you with a large sombrero on your head and make you take a shot, not bad.Overall, there are a lot better Mexican places in this town if you don't mind driving.  My wife wanted something quick and she got what she came for, bad food and excess gas...We will not go back, there are just too many other choices around.
1	Yes, the view is great but you don't need to eat the lousy food to get the view. Park and stand outside in the parking lot. You won't waste your money.The coca cola pork had so much fat it was almost inedible. A knife couldn't even cut the meat. The whole fish was so dry it was tough to even get through the shell to any meat. We were there with an out-of-town guest and she was paying. When the poor quality meat was pointed out, they took a few dollars off the bill. We were too embarrassed to complain and ruin the evening. They should be ashamed of the food. The only thing good was the view. Shame, shame, shame.
5	Delicious food. I got the carnitas and couldn't be happier. I also don't even like guacamole but couldn't resist their tableside-made guac.
5	This place is incredible! My personal favorite is their chicken soup and their flan. Best tasting flan I've ever had. Service is great, view is spectacular and the food is very tasty. I've never been a fan of Mexican food but this is truly a great restaurant and I would recommend it to everyone, as I already do. Lunch specials are also very inexpensive for what u get!! Best Mexican restaurant in Henderson, hands down! ;D
5	My favorite of the Lindo Michoacan restaurants. It has an amazing view of the city, the food is authentic and delicious, and the service is good.
1	One star-ness is for the view.  This is a great spot to hear live Mexican music and socialize....HOWEVER, if you order food or come into contact with most of their staff (minus the management & hostess, they're pleasant) then you'll begin to dislike this place as much as I do.I TRULY attempt to give businesses and people the benefit of doubt, and after my visit today, NOPE, NO MORE!!!!  Horrible!  I was bitter when I paid my tab.  Ugh! Off to meditate to purge this negative feeling.
1	Negativo stars for this dump. We waited so long for our server to come back to the table that noone could even remember which server was ours. Half the table received their drinks AND FINISHED THEM  before the rest of us ordered. It was a Monday with plenty of open tables so no busy excuses apply.Oh yeah also. My wife and I shared a knife and fork. Gave up trying to get another roll set
4	The salsa and beans are excellent, but also very easy to fill up on.  Menu selection is is large, and portions are good sized.  Ask to be seated by the window for great views of the strip.  Service is usually excellent, but can be spotty if it is busy.  Parking can be a problem, especially on the weekends.  Burritos are huge, fajitas come sizzling, and I recommend any dish with camarones -- you won't get cheated.
2	We've been going to this rest. Since opening, but yesterday had the first bad meal & worst service. Had avocado dip done at table-it had so much lime juice in it that's all you tasted. The waiter acted like he had a real problem-three times we asked for the table side guacamole. I also bought dinner (take out) for my husband. The only person who got the order right was the side waiter or bus boy. Had ordered two chili reanios $ three flans. The waiter brought 1 flan-thank heaven we checked the bag. We've always had excellent service, the food has come out perfect, hot & in a timely manor. But that was lacking yesterday. My friend even commented that the waiter acted like he was on something. Sorry to have to write this, but hope we don't have this kind of experience again. Thank you. Patricia Haggerty
1	WE HAD OUR CREDIT CARD INFO STOLEN FROM THIS PLACE!!  BEWARE!!We ate lunch here one afternoon about a month ago.  My partner used his business card as it was a business lunch - hasn't used this card in 6 months.  Well one of the tons of different staff that served us is a THIEF and skimmed the card and security code!  Two weeks later someone in New York is trying to use a perfect replica of the card to make purchases at gas stations and food.  Our credit card company caught if quickly as we have zero connections to New York.  Beware. They hired a roach of a person.  The nachos are not worth it!  I contacted a manager but for all I know he's in on the scam.  It was absolutely THIS place!
5	A+ for effort. I love the view and the service has always been wonderful. The food is good. I think the food is very good and honestly I've had better Mexican food but they get 5 stars bc they are wonderful for large parties as well as a cozy environment for a simple date night.  You can't go wrong suggesting this for dinner!  I love good service!
4	This is my second time here. It is alway very busy. The food is really good. There's not that many Mexican restaurant out in Vegas.
1	Not going back! Been here a few times, food is okay and view is nice.. My last visit was last night with family from out of town. We had a party of 6 (2 of which were small children) and when we put our name in we were told it would be a 20 minute wait. So we waited and waited and 40 minutes go by. We go up to the hostess and ask how much longer, she says 10 more minutes and that we were next to be seated. Okay cool we were fine with that, so we sit back down and wait. 25 more minutes go by and we go back up to the hostess. I asked her how much longer it would be and she says 10 more minutes! Ugh! I ask to speak to the manager at that point and she says she will get him.  I sit back down and the hostess comes over to us and says it will just be 10 more minutes she promises. We said we have had enough, and walk out! I understand you give an estimated time to wait and I understand they cannot control how long your wait will be, but why say 20 minute wait when it is really 1 hour and 15 minutes? That is a pretty big difference, and the hostess doesn't even send over the manager when you ask to talk to them? This whole problem could have been avoided if the hostess would have just been honest about the wait time. We could have decided to go somewhere else from the beginning instead of having to wait forever then leave still hungry!
4	Mexican food is probably my favorite and I really like Lindo.  I will admit that some things are a tad bland like the salsa and beans they serve with the chips but their entrees always make me happy!  I usually get either the chicken enchiladas or the bean and cheese burrito enchilada style smothered with sauce and cheese.  My boyfriend usually gets the veggie fajitas which are also pretty delicious.  The employees have always been pleasant and the place itself is in a nice area of town with awesome views of the strip
4	Great service, good food, family friendly. Good live music, reasonable drink prices.
4	I love this place, great food, great drinks, great service. They make the guacamole right in front of you. Although I love the live mariachi band t can be a bit loud.
3	Eh, it was alright. The atmosphere is ok - very family-friendly. The parking lot can get quite packed and you may have to circle it a few times. The best thing here is the view. But you can't really get close to the view as it's behind the bar and there's no tables near the massive windows overlooking the Vegas valley. They don't comp drinks at the bar, even though they do have gaming. The food definitely left something to be desired. It wasn't bad. But it wasn't exactly good either. The service was friendly and mostly attentive. All in all, not a bad spot, but it wouldn't be my pick when craving Mexican-fare.
5	My favorite mexican food place in the Vegas valley. Best skinny margarita to boot!! I take back any negative thing I've ever said about this place. Strike my last review. This spot is the biz. Excellent service.
4	I am not a local but I do know my way around a restaurant.  At first looks, Lindo Michoacan surpassed my expectations.  I read some of the reviews and was skeptical about my dinner experience here.  Needless to say I was taken aback by the view of the city, it was spectacular!  The view itself brings two stars to the table.  On to the food.  The portions were large and filled with flavor, unlike many Mexican food establishments that have very bland and flavorless offerings.  I had the Kikirriki (pronounced kee-keerree-kee), A grilled chicken breast with a semi spicy sauce, full of flavor.  My daughter had the fajitas and while there were no surprises here with the entree, the real surprise was with the tortillas, they did not have the texture and flavor of store bought, these actually had the texture and flavor of freshly made.  Taking a step backward, the servers brought out the obligatory chips and salsa, the salsa was flavorful and spicy, overall it was good.  The surprise here was a small bowl of refried beans came out as well to dip chips in, a nice touch.  The service was very prompt, courteous and we never waited or had to ask for anything.  Now, to be fair, the restaurant was semi busy for a Tuesday night but not overwhelming.  Overall, I am planning on going back on my next trip to the city in April.
5	We come to Lindo A LOT. The food is always great and the service is good too. We really like the mango margaritas, steak nachos and the steak ranchero. Angel and Juan are by far the best team in the place so if you can, ask for their section!
1	If you enjoy low quality food full of GMO, this is your restaurant.To be fair, we dined there several times over the last few years out of desperation.  Good Mexican food is lacking in Henderson, NV.   The chips taste like they contain a sawdust filler as a binding ingredient.  Until this restaurant we have never experienced "dry" pico de gallo.  No lime or lemon!  Unbelievably they always use tomatoes that are near white as the tasteless onion they use.  Unsatisfying, tasteless and cheap ingredients.There is a reason for the dim lighting in the restaurant and that is because if you could actually see the artificial color in the cheese, you might not eat the meal (sorry but I can't even call it food).There is no pride in food at this establishment. It is over rated.For excellent mexican food with flavor visit Leticia's, La Comida, Denudo or Mi Casa.  Taste the difference for yourself.
2	My wife and I have eaten here several times, the food was usually good.  However, today we had lunch there and it was unimpressive.  I ordered the carne asada plate and my wife ordered the carne asada tacos.  The carne asad did not have any seasoning.  My guess is that the pre cook it and store it in water then grill it when they need to serve it.  When you bite into the meat it appears to be water logged and has absolutely no taste.  We were very disapointed.
4	There are two big reasons why I love Lindo's: the view of the Las Vegas Strip and the house made guacamole!Every time we come here we are welcomed by friendly staff. You can look in to the kitchen where they're busy making the homemade tortillas, and your mouth is watering even before you've been seated. The place is usually pretty busy, and when we've been visiting it's always very loud. I like it, it makes for a great atmosphere. As I mentioned, the house made guacamole is my favorite. They make it fresh right by the table, and you get to pick how spicy you want it. Usually they also give you a complimentary tomato soup in addition to the fresh chips and salsa, so by the time you're ready for the entrees you're already pretty full. The Margaritas are also very good, so Lindo's is a good place for a date night with perfect views accompanied by delicious Mexican food and a mariachi band.
1	Sorry to say this place was a huge disappointment. The chips were terrible. Tasted as though they came out of a SAMs Club bag. Salsa tasted funky. I ordered Ceviche and it was mushy and tasted off. My hubby ordered a salad that was grocery store right out of the bag quality. Margarita's were expensive. I DID love the atmosphere, thus the one star. The festive Happy Birthday singing made me want to come here for my birthday. Not for the food or drink, simply for the celebratory nuance. Overall, eating here made us appreciate the GOOD Mexican food in California.
4	Great view, pretty good food, we left very full and happy :). My bf got the grilled shrimp with garlic and I had the fish soup. I was very pleased with the amount of seafood in my soup. The fideo is always yummy and I love their salsa. Very good place, we will be back.
4	I always take my daughter. They have such a great family atmosphere and fab food. It doesn't matter if it's family time or girls night out. It's always a fun time.
4	I would give it 5 stars but every ten minutes they sing happy bday.  The view , food, an service is amazing!!!  Highly recommend this place
3	Service was very slow and not really attentive at all. Food was average at best, definitely seemed to be lacking flavor. The upside is the view, you just can't beat it. Margaritas were probably the best part of the meal.
1	The service is the worst we have ever had here.  The manager took our drink order because our waiter never came.   The food was ok, nothing special and it took forever to get anything done.  This place is not expensive but I would rather pay a higher price for the great service and great food versus ok food and lousy service.We will not go back to this place unless we are with a large group who chooses to go here.
2	The family used to love this place, but sadly it's falling off of our favorites list. We visited last night for dinner. We arrived about 6:15p and was told the wait was about 15 min. 30 min later we were seated. The service was not good. My table had ordered their drinks, but I couldn't remember the name of what I wanted and had to wait for the server to get me a cocktail menu. 15 min after I finally ordered my drink, I had to ask the server where it was. The food has slowly gotten worse while the prices continue to rise. My favorite dish has always been the Camarones Sarandeados. It's my "go to" meal there. They used to serve 5-6 large shrimp but now you get 7-8 much smaller shrimp for $3 more. The sauce is very oily now and it lacks the flavor it used to. Everyone who lives in the Henderson area knows that this restaurant is very popular with very limited parking and long waits. It would be nice if they would accept reservations. Over all, I hope the service and food improves or my family will need to find another Mexican restaurant to frequent.
5	We love the food here. After living in So. Cal for 38 years, we are really picky about our Mexican food. This is the first place in the Vegas area that we consider "real" Mexican food. We eat here on a regular basis and love it!!
2	You are paying for the view and atmosphere.  Food is way overpriced and forgettable.    This was our second visit to this restaurant,  (the first time, at dessert, my child got fried ice cream and we didn't know there was peanuts in it.  My child is highly allergic, we had to leave in a hurry) I called the restaurant in hopes of speaking to a manager they might want to put ingredients on their dessert menu (or even a simple disclaimer "contains nuts" would do.), never got a call back.This time I got mixed fajitas, it was more like a lunch portion, cost me nearly 20.00! Kids meals are nearly 7.00.  Lindo Michoacan... probably wouldn't hurt my feelings if I never go back.
4	Being seated immediately 5 stars. Drinks 4 stars. Food was 4 stars. And service, given the group's and amount of tables he had in section- I give 4 stars.
4	The food and drinks were great. Awesome view of las vegas also. Margaritas were alittle over priced in my opinion. It gets packed so I would recommend a  reservation.
1	Great view, waiter and chip and dip guy was very attentive. I had a taco salad. The shell was very oily. Chicken was the worst. Chicken tasted as if they defrosted several times and forgot it on the grill. It was so dry I think the chicken died of dehyration. No flavor to the whole salad. This is my first and last visit.
1	So my co worker and I looked at yelp while sitting at the table so we were already dedicated to our meal. We were greeted, sat, and attended to quickly.  Our waiter was great, watched him make guacamole at the tables, then our food came. I ordered the chilli colorado and she ordered a taco salad. The cook is amaizing as he figured out how to extract every bit of flavor from everything on my plate,  I could not even finish anything and I tried. This place has a great view,  but the food is horrible.  My co workers chicken on her taco salad tasted like they froze it, unthawed it, froze it again, un thawed it, scrubbed the toilet with it froze it and then cooked it untill it was as dry as he could get it, then he put it in one of the oiliest shells he could find. This was our first visit and on the way back to the office we stopoed at taco bell because we couldnt even finish our food.  At least the manager who didnt even come to the table gave our waiter permission to comp my meal. Needless to say I will never return to this establishment even if they are paying us to have a meal.
1	DO NOT come here. I was just eating the chips that they serve here and I find a piece of plastic in my mouth. Disgusting.
3	Chimichanga was very bland. Been waiting anxiously to try this place, great location and view was great. But a little  pricey. Chicken fajitas were good and came out  steaming like they should.  Waiter was  nice and had a beautiful ass. I'd go back just to gawk at that again.
4	View of the Strip - amazing!  Service - great.  Taste - Good.  Pricing - adequate.  More of a place for good Mexican food when you're looking for a great atmosphere to have it in.  Save this place for a special occasion where you have a hankering for Mexican
4	Lindo has great food, a fun atmosphere, and an amazing view of the strip! There menu has a lot of different options compared to most mexican restaurants and they are all reasonably priced. It's usually pretty busy so plan on waiting, but it will be worth your time. This is another place I would take my family and friends to when they come to visit
4	Bomb margaritas. Both strawberry and lemon. Had really good service. And the food was really goo too. They have good lunch specials. Overall I will be coming back again.
5	We were craving Mexican food and happened to stumble upon this place. The first thing we noticed was the Amazing view of the valley. You can see the strip perfectly! It was my first time here and they immediately brought us chips and salsa with beans. Yum! Hector was very friendly and Jorge was very knowledgable. I ordered the Chicken Fajitas and they were spicy, but so good. The flour tortillas they came with taste like they are homemade. I also had the Margarita and it was a pretty good size. All in all this place was a great experience and we will be back.
3	Had dinner a few nights ago for the first time at Lindo Michocoan. I love the view (I went during the day so I'm sure at night the strip looks beautiful).I ordered the tacos al pastor. They were delicious. My only complaint would be that they use corn tortillas to make it more authentic. I hate ordering tacos and getting them in flour tortilla. I also ordered a margarita on the rocks and it was delicious. Nothing special that "wow" me but I enjoyed it. The alcohol didn't overpower it. So if you like strong drinks then you probably wouldn't enjoy it because you hardly taste the alcohol. My husband ordered goat meat and I tasted his food and I must say I didn't really enjoy it at all. The texture was very chewy and lack seasoning. Overall our Experience was pleasant and will be going back to try a few more things off the menu. The fidello soup was helpful to keep my toddler entertained while we ate. He seemed to like it but he likes pretty much everything. I'm not a fan of fidello soup... Don't like it's flavor.
4	Great food. Great service. All around its just a great place to eat and relax. They even have a view of the strip which is beautifully lit up at night. Very clean too.
4	I've been there many times and the food never disappoints.I will, however, never go back on a Friday or Saturday night.  It is so loud you cannot have a conversation.
1	Been here once and was enough for me for not coming back. Had coworkers that didn't want to go anywhere far and chose this establishment for dinner, so I joined even tough I knew wasn't gonna be good. Had the camarones tacos and the quality of the food was so cheap that I couldn't believe how people can offer that. The grilled shrimp were so small and seemed the ones that you microwave. I wish yelp would let us rate half star because that would be more appropriate as rating. Never again!
1	We used to frequent this place... at least once a week.  I will never willingly return. The food has slid so far downhill that it's not the same restaurant.  The waitstaff, with the exception of a couple waiters, is poor at best. They messed something up on our order the last 4 times we went. The manager is unapologetic, and always had some lame excuse. Also, not that he has to, but if I managed a restaurant and saw a couple come in week in and week out, I'd buy them a drink every so often. Never once happened. The other Place, Viva Michoacan near Sunset and Sunset is way better. Worth the drive when I could walk to Lindo.
1	the worst Mexican food in Nevada I guess were to far from California where you can get good Mexican food. Their sauces are so bitter with no flavor just bla. The service staff is good. too bad the food wasn't as good as they are good.
5	Beautiful setting foe a Cinco de MayoLunch over looking Las Vegas.   W were lucky enough to get a window table.  The service was definitely 5 star.  Very happy friendly and super efficient.  We had a house margarita and enjoyed the extremely spicy salsa with chips.  Just like we like it.  The food was very good although for we who love spicy the shredded beef was a bit flat which was easily remedied by the addition of the great salsa.  We would definitely return when in the area.
3	Born and raised in So Cali....I've had my fair share of Mexican restaurants from Los Angeles all the way down to San Diego.Aside from having a fantastic date with my special someone, Lindo Michoacan did not satisfy my expectations. My date enjoyed his margaritaS. He got two of them. So all you drinkers out there, drink up. This stuff is good. (So he said.) Besides the complimentary chips and salsa + bean dip....we also ordered guacamole for an additional charge. The guac.... +1 star. They prepare it fresh right in front of you....with all the mixings of cilantro, onions, tomatoes and your choice of the level of spiciness.Our entrees, both of us ordered the combination dishes; a beef tamale and one enchilada (choice of beef or cheese.) Combination dishes includes rice and beans. I opted for all rice please.My beef tamale was pretty bland....and my beef enchilada wasn't very good. Also, pet peeve of mine: I love my food pippin hot. They brought out my entree warm. Ehh.... =/ I just settled with it and ate my food. Although filling, it just left something to be desired.To sum it up:+1 for the guacamole dip+1 for the great view of the city of Las Vegas that my date reserved for us.+1 for the waiter service.Sadly...that's pretty much it.Just like how Olive Garden can be considered "fake" Italian and PF Changs is glorified Asian food. Well....Lindo Michoacan can be added to the "fake" Mexican food. Give me some hole in the wall Mexican restaurant instead.
5	The food is good really filling !! Usually when we end our Vegas trip we have breakfast here it's not too bad great drinks!
3	Service was wonderful! Margaritas are awesome. Salsa is ok.... My husband got a pork dish and it was yummy. Cooked perfectly. I got the shrimp chimichanga and it was horrible. Shirmp was wayyy over cooked and the pico filling was gross. I'm willing to give the place another chance.
3	I really love the view at this place. A very nice, upscale restaurant. I've been here twice. The first time I really liked it, but the second time I went on a Friday night and it was pretty loud. A really nice Mariachi band played during our whole dinner and it was quite loud. I was taking my teenage niece out to eat so that we could connect and catch up. It's already hard enough to compete with her phone and her being a teenager. I had a hard time hearing her or talking over the music. Not sure if this is a just a weekend thing or what. The music is good, but it's just a little loud for my preference. My niece thought the fajita burito was really good. I ordered the carna asada tacos (subbing one with beef shoulder) and it was ok. I've had better. Dinner for two was about $35. I will probably try this place again, but I'd avoid weekends.
1	Waitress first day on the job.  Can"t speak english.  Doesn"t understand me.  Food is ok. View is great.  Sign says max play gets you free drink.  What it means is $20.  So they can't even write what they mean.  This place belongs in Mexico.  Sorry but this is USA.  I ask for lunch chili Verde I get tagged dinner and am charged for it.  Terrible, don't go here.
3	I really, really, want to give Lindo a better rating but each time there is something that lets me down. The food: Awesome. The flavor is great and the menu is vast. You are sure to find something you like here. The chips and salsa are great too. I usually order the chicken or veggie fajitas which are fantastic or the carne asada tostada - love it. They also serve this awesome tomato/garlic soup before dinner. I love it. The service: Sub-par. The waiters are always friendly, but they always mess up at least one of the orders. It's frustrating. Not sure if it is the language barrier or what, but without fail, something usually goes wrong. The atmosphere: Great views of the strip and Henderson. The downside is they keep it hella loud. On top of the talking, they have live music. Instead of being entertaining, it is mildly annoying if you are sitting around it. The parking: On a Friday or Saturday night, there is never enough parking. You either end up walking a bit or parking across the street which is "not allowed"My recommendation is, if you are going to eat here, go for lunch. The food is worth it, but the noise and service on a weekend is not.
5	GREAT SERVICE, GREAT ATMOSPHERE!! Food well very good not amazing but very good. Lacked a bit of spice probably just basic like salt. But great presentation!!  I had appetizers for dinner. Fidello soup. Excellent!! Guacamole needed more lime juice and salt but hey personal preference. Queso Fundido very good but could of used a better quality chorizo. Finally, Sopapillas very VERY messy to eat. Lots and LOTS of lettuce. Again just missed a smidge of something to pep it up. Otherwise very good. Would have given 4.5 starts but service was that good!! LOVE YA JORGE!!  ALWAYS ask for him. He's the best. Also, great team here even the managers get involved. Great Job guys!!
5	Absolutely delicious! I had a double birthday party there for 50 people and they were fantastic.  Our service was great  and their drinks are fantastic!
2	Ordered the combination #6.  The chicken was chewy.  Empty drinks was common place.  Someone in our party ordered shrimp fajitas and the shrimp was rubbery.  Guacamole was tasty.
3	I've come to this location or another many a times but never gave a review. Today I came in to treat my Mom to a Father's Day lunch. We got here at around 11:30am to beat the lunch rush and glad we did. Figured it would be a hot spot for Father's Day. By 12:15pm and almost done with our lunch, the place was packed. We could barely hear ourselves think. Good for them! The staff was really nice and attentive. Something that I appreciate. Where it missed the mark was the food. I have never left here or any other Lindo location raving about the meal, so I knew what I was getting walking into the door. I wanted my Mom to try it out to see if I were just being too picky in comparison to my other favorite Mexican restaurant. The chips and salsa were amazing and the highlight of the meal. I got the veggie burritos and Mom got the chicken chimichanga. While both were pretty good, we had both had better elsewhere.At the end of the day, if you are looking for true, authentic Mexican food, I don't think this place will do it for you. At least it doesn't do it for me. I like the true, authentic feel other Mexican restaurants have given me with a more intimate setting. This place is built to accommodate the masses, which leads me to believe that something is bound to be off if there's a full house.
1	Went today for father's it's one of my fave's spot but today my wife went to the restroom to take my daughter, she came back she had lost her appetite the restroom was disgusting.  They had just brought our food had to take to good. They won't get my business no more.
5	The food here is amazing! The beans are delicious and the salsa is so good! I'm never disappointed here! I love how they always give you chips, salsa, and soup before the meal. Also, the view is so beautiful to see when eating dinner! The staff is always very friendly- best restaurant in town!
5	I really enjoy the food here every time I visit.  Everything tastes very clean and the table side guacamole is great.  I took my parents while they visited town and they loved the view.  My mother is handicapped and the wait staff actually helped her walk thru the restaurant and down the stair to her seat and helped her again as we left.  It was extremely sweet of them to do that.  Dad usually does that but they insisted on helping. The view is great as well.  I made sure to make a reservation (called that morning) to request a table with a view.  It was a weeknight so there were fewer diners than peak times and that probably helped.  I love the food and am always satisfied every visit.
3	Great View, Large Menu (literally).  It really helps to look through the food photos to help make your selection.  Thanks Yelpers!The lunch menu has many selections for a great price.  I had the steak and shrimp fajita lunch and it was great.  I was happy to see that there is a lot more on this menu than just the fajita/burrito/enchilada and two meats you see at a lot of other Mexican Restaurants.  You could come here everyday for a month and order something different from the day before and not get board.It's a great experience but as another yelper put it best "the food is good and the menu is vast, It's not the best Mexican [food] I've ever tasted, but it's good." - Kendra F.
3	Average Mexican food. I thought all the entrees I've had there were nothing special but I do like their chips, salsa, and bean dip. Beautiful view of the city and there's a Mariachi band at night.
1	We used to go to Viva Michoacan and loved it and started out or evening trying to go there only to find out they were closed. So we decided to go to this one. Our last time here was ehh, but we decided to give it another chance especially because we were craving good mexican. This however was far from good mexican. My husband ordered the filet relleno and said it tasted like mayo and was disgusted by the chile relleno. I had the fajitas and they only came with two tortillas and were quite bland and over cooked and just tasted like cheap beef. At Viva these dishes were delicious but here they're far from. The ambiance was terrible as well. Viva would always have these great musicians singing and playing guitar but you could still have a conversation. This place was loud the musician was singing to a synthesizer that was terrible and so loud.  It was just painful.On top of the acoustics are so terrible in this location, even without the horrible music its still super loud. We won't be back and we're sad to lose one of our favorite mexican restaurants.
3	The food was gr8. I'd give it 5 stars if only I had seen the server more often. The venue has a beautiful view n layout. I had no reservation n I got sat down immediately. Besides the sticky menu, the food came out promptly n was delicious. What really bothers me is that,  I wish we could tip the busser NOT the server. The bus boy gave us gr8 service, more attention n packed our leftovers. That's my only gripe. Please tip the busser cash. I'm a regular n I feel for them
5	Absolutely LOVE this restaurant! Authentic Mexican food with an amazing view of the city. Top notch quality service every time we go. I love how even if our server is busy, someone else will come up to our table to re fill drinks or ask us if we need anything. One of our favorites and a great date night for dinner!
5	This place is awesome! You have an amazing view of the strip. Service and food both excellent  I am really happy to find a Mexican restaurant close to home that I love.
5	I have seen some pretty bad reviews about this place, but I am not going to be writing one of "those". This restaurant left me happy, well fed and highly impressed. I will however point out the few things that may turn certain types of eaters off. First off, it is very loud inside, not just because of the live music (which was upbeat and entertaining, although maybe a little corny at times) but also because this restaurant seems to be very popular, and for good reason! The parking is a little tight too, so I recommend going at a normal dinner time (5 or 6 o'clock), rather than the classic "8 o'clock" time that one might normally take a date to dinner. Insignificant gripes aside, Lindo Michoacan is a fantastic restaurant! The servers were attentive, helpful in every way, were happy to help explain the dishes and also accommodating (had one person in my party who had specific needs) in an understanding and respectful manner. The menu is gargantuan, which some people may not like, but I personally appreciate having options. You can go to their website and review the menu in advance if you want to save time. Now for the food... I was in a party of five, we all had different dishes, everything came fairly quickly and every member of my party made ZERO complaints (believe me, I was with people who would have complained had they had reason to)! Tortilla chips and an assortment of dips were provided very shortly after being seated. Upon request (do so immediately!) they will make guacamole right at your table, I think it was $6 for the guac dip but I tell you it was worth every penny. I cannot speak for my companions' dishes but my dish, the chipotle chicken was cooked perfectly, portioned well and hot damned delicious!But alas, my review has dragged on too long. If you are still reading, please ignore the whiners and nay-sayers. Give this place a try. It is highly unlikely that you will regret it, unless you are one of "those" ;)
4	The view alone was worth the visit. Happened to be during a rain storm so there was crazy lightning across the skyline and you could see everything through the windows. Plus the lights of the strip. I had the chicken fajitas and they were yummy. I'd go again
5	Three of us had dinner here Friday July 11, 2014.  We had a reservation and after having read several reviews mentioning the great view we asked for a table with the view.  It was spectacular.  We were seated immediately and chips, salsa and bean dip arrived immediately.  All were good.  I prefer a lighter a chip - but these were fine.  I prefer a less hot salsa but this was fine.  Truthfully, I love all chips and salsa so it's not possible to disappoint me here.  Normally I order a cheese dip / queso but didn't get around to it this time so I can't give an opinion.  We requested the quacamole be made table side as I had seen mentioned on other Yelp reviews.  It was delicious.  I would never not order it at this restaurant.  One comment I'll make is I've had other tableside guac before and they have fresh garlic which I really love.  I would love it if Lindo Michoacan added garlic as an option with their guac.  But again, it was awesome as served.  I had cheese chile rellenos with rice and beans and my companions shared a pork carnitos dish.  We were all pleased.  I had two margaritas with Grand Marnier.  While pricey they were excellent.  Their service is excellent and attentive.  There was no delay in any part of the dinner.  I noticed tables being seated, served and cleared with speed.  As for the comments about the noise - we had no problem carrying on our conversations.  Granted, we were seated behind the band.  It seems as though the band plays a couple of songs and breaks so it's not a constant thing.  I think they handle the balance of the sound of the large open room, with sporadic band playing and enjoying dinner and conversation very well.
5	We have eaten here a number of times and the service and food is amazing!  And love the view of las Vegas from the window seat!
5	Love this place! Great Mexican food- the bean dip and homemade tortillas are my favorite! The view of the strip is great and the workers are a lively bunch! Great place to have a birthday dinner-they give you a sombrero, sing, and play the guitar!
4	Great location, although parking can be a hassle. Awesome view even if you're not close to the windows.  It's a big open restaurant that gets loud on a busy night, but I'm okay with laughing and singing at a restaurant.  Live music mariachi band. Bartender making awesome house margaritas and other specialty drinks. Waiters are knowledgable about the menu and always have great suggestions. Each waiter has helpers (Nacho is the best!) that refill drinks and help serve. This means I'm always taken care of. The food is great, big portions, flavorful and lots to choose from. You start off with a bowl of refried  beans, salsa and chips as soon as you sit down. They are quick to refill these items! My house margarita on the rocks was perfect balance of tequila and sour. Most meals come with a side of refried beans, rice and salad. Best dishes are Camerones Abuelito (bacon wrapped shrimp) and my favorite Camerones Tia Esther , a blend of spices and cream. Order the freshly made at the table guacamole!
4	Came here twice around 8:30 pm, busy, got seated right away right by the window with a nice view both times, the big burrito I had the first time was nothing mind blowing but great, the second time I went I got chicken flautas made with flour tortillas and they were awesome.
3	First things first:  in spite of giving only three stars, I want to go back.  I want to give it another try because we really enjoyed the food and drinks and would like to try that again.  My meal was simple; I had two beef tacos and a cheese enchilada.  It came with a tomato-based noodle soup that we both enjoyed, plus rice and beans.  My husband had some kind of chile relleno with shrimp, which was delicious--both of our meals were very good, and we both enjoyed Cadillac Margaritas on the rocks.  Everything came in a timely manner.The drawbacks:  we made a reservation at 7:00, and arrived a few minutes before.  First the hostess says she does not have our reservation.  No one called, no...oh wait, the spelling is what?  (I should add that our last name is very simple and common.)  Oh, okay, well...wait just a few minutes.  The place was packed, hot, and very very loud.  There was nowhere to sit to wait, and "a few minutes" stretched into 45--at which point we went to the hostess and told her we were leaving.  "I'm seating you right now!" she told us, and they did come within 3 minutes after that.  After that, things were much better, as stated above.  Things we disliked:  the confusion about the reservation, the long wait, the NOISE--it's so very noisy!--and the restroom could have been better maintained.  This seems to be a family place, so look out for a LOT of kids.  One other thing I had a problem with:  the menu is huge and the restaurant lighting is fairly low, and the small, red print is very difficult to read in that light.But we will go back, probably much earlier than 7 - 8pm, because that seems to be when the rush is.  I'd like to try the guacamole...and I'll be taking a flashlight so I can see the menu!
2	Made a reservation for 5ppl with a view, when we get there we are squeezed into a booth for 4 with a chair at the end with no view. I get that its a Saturday night but that's not my problem, that is why I made a reservation.  The food is usually good, but this is the first time it was "meh". The guacamole which is one of my favorites, was just okay. I had the carnitas burrito and while the carnitas was cooked perfectly tender, it just had no flavor at all, the same with my mom's chicken fajitas, no flavor.  Sad that a Mexican restaurant has no flavor.The service was decent but it was so hot that everyone at the table was sweating., I don' think I would go back.
5	Our favorite local Mexican restaurant. Good chips and salsa/bean dip! The chicken mole is the best in town! Great views of the strip too, go after dark to see all the lights on the strip! Servers are friendly and attentive.
5	I love this place.  Great food, great atmosphere, and good prices for the incredible view of the strip.  All the shrimp dishes are delish.  Try either the beef or pork with Coca-Cola sauce, if you are Coke fan.  Parking is a pain during prime hours, but that is only because this place is so popular.  You will always eventually find a parking spot, there just might be a little bit of walk to the restaurant.  Once you get inside, you will realize it was worth the distractions.
5	The best place in the Southwest for authentic Mexican food at reasonable prices and the view of the city is absolutely spectacular. The service is prompt, friendly, and attentive and the food is superb. Try their mole' chicken....to die for!
4	I adore their happy hour! M-f 2-6pm! I haven't had a margarita I didn't like! The food is delish and there's live music after 6! Authentic Mexican food! Only thing is watch out when you're in a group because we've had bill mix ups!
5	Word to the wise... If you are solo or just two- sit at the bar. You'll get exponentially faster service and no wait. Love the food. Best fideo I've ever had. Lindo never disappoints- and the view is priceless.
5	Yummy food, great portions. It was a little crowded, but it was a Saturday night, so what do you expect. I ordered sopitas as an appetizer and had the beef flautas for dinner. The sopitas were so filling, that I could only get through one flauta! I ate the rest the next day for lunch and they were still yummy. Make sure to come here hungry! I couldn't even imagine getting dessert, I was so full, but I did allow myself a glass of horchata, which didn't disappoint! Great food and great service!
3	First off this place has an outstanding view of the valley at night which to me, was better than the food. Our party (5 of us) pulled in around 8:00 tonight, quickly seated and the staff and service is 5 stars, I cant say enough how well the service operates here it flows very efficiently we didn't have to ask for anything. The food was ok, I was hoping for more flavor . The bean dip was pretty good, the salsa wasn't super, it wasn't hot enough and was a little bland, we asked for some hotter and it came out and yes it was hotter but lacked some flavor behind the heat, the chips I thought were a little too cooked, I've had better chips and salsa elsewhere. Main course comes out and like I said it was ok, nothing special, nothing stood out, almost like the chef has no passion or is told to not spice anything up. It came out within 15 mins and was nice and hot. All in all, we would go back for drinks I suppose and for the view, but until their food matches the rest of the establishment I probably wont eat here again. It's a shame because its a beautiful location, well staffed, upscale authentic sort of vibe, but the food just falls short of expectations. I have to say this again though, the staff, servers, waiters, are all superior. Excellent service here. Just please get a real chef with passion or do something to fix the bland issue  , that food might pass off as awesome to some of the less traveled/versed public, but I expected better.Oh yes people in our party said the margaritas were muy bueno, and strong hehe.On another note, I ordered the a supposed overnight marinated chicken dish in a red sauce. Ok, now its the only dish under chicken that says it is marinated overnight in special seasoning or what have you....Ok, if it was marinated overnight it was marinated in salt water and that's it. It definitely didn't taste like it had a good marinade soak it was tender and juicy but had minimal flavor. So, Lindo, fix that or rephrase that menu item because I'm fairly certain that wasn't marinated at all. About 97.5% sure that it wasn't.
1	1 star.  Here is why: this is not Mexican Food.  This is food that has gone through some strange evolution to please it's local community.  The local community is happy with it: they are always packed... so in that case, okaaaaay... I am not going to claim to be a connoisseur of Mexican food, but well, let's just say I know good Mexican and New Mexican cuisine.  This is not it. We have given this place several tries.  Part of the reason for their success is really about location and clientele. They have an amazing view of downtown Las Vegas and there is absolutely no other legitimate competition in the area.   Oh one more thing: I think they load up the margaritas with so much bad tequila you would not be able to taste bad food if you wanted to. Here's the bottom line, if you can stomach the bad Mexican because you do not know any better, then have at it.  If you know good Mexican (and New Mexican) then stay away.  You will be disappointed over and over again. Just look at the clientele, they are extremely telling if the food is authentic or not.  And again, it may have it's own authenticity - an adaptation for it's local community...which is not for me.
1	Let's start with the service from Antonio....not good. He was disinterested and when we asked him to recommend something he have us a blank state.Food wasn't good. Neither of ate all of it or even half and didn't want to take it with us. Both of us got chicken, enchiladas with mole for me and tacos for my husband. The chicken was soooooooo dry I couldn't even chew it. We got table side guacamole made with ONE avocado but was $8.50.
5	I LOVE this place. I'm a huge fan of guacamole and I must say that this place knows what's up.  You can order it to be made fresh at the table and it's always delicious! I hate onions so the option to order fresh is a really big deal for me. I switch up my food options here and I've never been disappointed. If you love to drink, and lets be honest- who doesn't (besides my mother- hi mom), order a bulldog. It's a margarita with a beer in it so basically my idea of heaven on earth. They also give you this soup before your meal and I'm obsessed with it. I have one more thing to add (while I have your attention) it's one of those restaurants where they give you a free shot on your birthday so it's literally someone's birthday there every 5 minutes which I think is pretty funny. They also have really great views if you request a seat by the window.
2	One of the best views of the Valley, especially at night.  The food it's pretty good, but it's not the best I've ever had.  I had the taco's.As for the margarita's, they are made with sweet and sour and are horrible and weak.  I prefer mine to be made from scratch and at least have some tequila in them.  The ambiance is nice, but it's really loud.  The service is good.Would I recommend this restaurant to friends and family?  No.  There are better Mexican restaurants out there, but if you want a nice view this is the place to come.
5	As always, the food, and service are AMAZING!  The managers, servers, waiters, and greeters were all 5 star!   We were greeted and thanked several times on a holiday weekend!  Lindo seems like they are never too busy, and always happy to help.  The employees make the experience worth it!
4	I LOVE ME SOME LINDO.Great atmosphere, yummy food & friendly staff. There is hardly ever a wait for dinner. Wonderful view; if seated toward the back. Sometimes, there is a man that sings live, which is pretty cool. All meals come with chips, salsa, bean dip & fideo soup! It can get loud in the restaurant at times... but that (to me) means everyone is having a good time! Antonio & Jorge have always given great service; along with the rest of the staff. They really do work as a team.  Authentic experience, service & food! Viva Lindo!
4	Has anyone seen the South Park episode where Cartman goes to "Casa Bonita?" Well, this place is the same thing, just with no tall diving board or pool. That would be cool though. Lindo Michoacan sits a top a hill that has a great view of the Las Vegas strip from Henderson. Seriously, fantastic view of the strip and even more awesome at night. I came here on a suggestion from a friend and decided to bring the entire family along. First off, this place is huge; tall ceilings, large dinning area, and a large bar with a window view. Lindo is also very loud with live music playing and giant bells ringing (reminding you there's a birthday happening with 50 feet), plus there are kids everywhere. Kids are usually a red flag for me to turn and run out, but I had about eight people with me so escape was not an option.We sat down and immediately ordered table-side guacamole and margaritas. They have two versions; spicy and regular, we ordered two of each and we're amazed to watch two servers on each end of the tables churn out this green pile of goopy goodness. By the way, you automatically get chips, salsa, and bean dip at your table when you sit down. I lived in SoCal for quite awhile and was privy to a lot of guacamole and Lindo ranks at the top of my guac loving tastebuds. My favorite was the spicy version; great flavor, creamy with crunchy texture, and just enough spice. Highly recommended! There were a lot of dishes going on at this table, but let's focus on me because...well just because. I ordered the Chili Verde Pork plate; it was both fantastic and huge! This plate is made up of pork that is slow cooked in a green chili sauce for hours until it pretty much melts in your mouth. The pork was super tender and also came with homemade flour tortillas.These were perfectly chewy and soft. I rarely can't finish my meal, but I was stuffed by the fourth bite. Yay, for midnight snacks! The service here was impeccable and the atmosphere was fun. Great place for families and a possible low-key date night. I might be back for few a cocktails and sunset view of the Strip.
4	They have fast friendly service. The food is always so good and cooked fresh to order. It's a little loud but the view of the strip makes up for the noise. Love the salsa and bean dip.
4	This place always has great service. There is tons of options to chose from! So far i have liked everything ive tried from the menu. I usually go for lunch tho because dinners are so packed sometimes there is no parking!!
4	Good food with the most awsome view of the strip at night. Margaritas and Mariachi make for a great dinner spot.
5	If you want authentic, delicious mexican food, look no further! As a central California native, I am extremely spoiled with my mexican food. After moving to vegas and trying numerous places, I finally came here to see if this would finally satisfy my need for "real" mexican food. To say I was impressed is an understatement. They are always packed, but the waits are never too long, and the overall experience is worth the wait. Their chips, salsa and bean dip are perfect. Their servers and wait staff are attentive and great at their jobs. The food, to die for. They have an extensive menu that leaves nothing out. The shrimp cocktail is delightful, the guacamole, which they prepare table side, is impeccable, and their entrees on point. Jordan loves the filet rellano,  which is orange roughy stuffed with seafood and battered accompanied with beans and rice. I favor the fajitas and the veggie enchiladas. You can't go wrong!!!
5	This is my favorite mexican restaurant in all of Las Vegas.  They have a great view of the Las Vegas valley (can be a nice dinner date).  They have excellent service, very quick.  Food is always great.  Never had a bad experience at this restaurant.
5	Just recently I relocated to Las Vegas from San Diego aka "The Land of the Best Mexican Food" lol ok ok Maybe that's just my personal opinion. Since we've moved out here we have been on the hunt for decent Mexican food in Las Vegas. My friend Lacey introduced me to Lindo Michoacan in Henderson location. I so impressed with the beautiful setting over looking the Las Vegas skyline. I've been to the Henderson location a few times and every time I have such a great experience. The food was amazing!!! I enjoyed the "Gallo al Chipotle Estilo" and the freshly made Guacamole. They have live music, freshly maid tortillas, the Henderson location has the best night view of Las Vegas and how can you beat fresh Guacamole!!!!!??!?!?? Great costumer service, great food, great ambiance, hands down my favorite Mexican food in Las Vegas.
4	The view, the service, the birthday song, the music,....  All was amazing.  The server even invited my kids to make the guacamole.My only less-than-perfect issue was the steak fajitas.  The steak isn't very flavorful.  Still though, everything else was so good.  Lindo still gets 4 stars.
4	Husband and I were craving Mexican food. We wanted to relax and chill on our date night so we came across Lindo. I love the area, especially because it's close to us. I've heard many people rave about this place so we decided to try it! As soon as we walked in, you can smell the deliciousness of the Mexican food. Hostess greeted us and were very friendly. It was a little loud, but we don't really mind the loudness. The atmosphere was really nice and kid friendly and the hostess sat us at a table with the best view of Vegas. It felt really nice. It took us a few mins to go over the menu, which has plenty of choices from combos to ala carte. I ended up getting the 2 burrito combo which had shredded beef and tender pork with green sauce, served with Mexican rice, beans and a small portion of salad. Hubby got the 3 enchilada combo with beef, chicken and pork with the same sides. Both for $15 each. As we were waiting for our food, they brought us home made crispy tasty tortilla chips with with mild or spicy salsa and bean dip which was yummy. Once our order came to the table, the plate was super hot, we had to wait a bit. The portions were really big, I mean for $15 I'd hope they were big. So I took a bite out of my beef burrito and this is where my 4 starts come in. My beef burrito was really really dry and I'm not sure if it was that day they had over cooked it or that's really how they cook their beef. My pork burrito was very tender and was really tasteful and I loved it. Same thing goes for hubby's chicken and beef enchiladas. Ordered tres leches cheese cake which was yummy. Other than that. I still yet have to try the rest of the food.
4	Tequila is expensive but good food!
4	Lindo Michoacan= YUMMYThis place is never a disappointment! The staff is always amazing and cater to your every need, the food is always superb, and the drinks are fantastic. I have tried many dishes here, but my absolute favorite are the grilled fish tacos. The guacamole is freshly made at your table so you can pretty much control how you want it to taste. The chorizo fundido or queso fundido is the best I've had (a lot of places will mix in fake tasting cheese, blegh). Cadillac margaritas are the way to go and definitely do their job of getting you tipsy. This is a perfect way to kick off your birthday celebrations. The views are amazing and so are the desserts. I also love their fideo soup (although I think I am the only one I know who eats it lol).I have been giving this place business for years now and I will continue to do so :)
2	Dined tonight for the first time. Waited 30 minutes. Ordered horchata and mole enchiladas. My daughter ordered lobster and steak. The view was great. The waiters attentive and friendly. However the lobster tasted too fishy and the manager came over and we explained. He proceeded to argue that he hasn't had a complaint before. I told him we know what lobster is supposed to taste like. We've had lobster at Del Frisco's and Benihana's it never tasted like that! He took it off our bill though. Won't dine there again, food is not authentic or tasty. Do not recommend it. Also the horchata was too sweet and the waiter failed to tell me that the chicken mole enchilada where actually cheese enchiladas with a dry large chicken breast on top. The chips tasted burnt and the salsa was too spicy to enjoy. The music too loud. The only reason why I rated it two stars is because the waiters were friendly. What miss.
3	Love the view of the LV strip. The food was okay in flavor, not as authentic as I thought it would be. I did enjoy the fresh tortillas. The service was good.
4	One of the best views overlooking the Vegas valley. This restaurant has multi-level seating which leaves a lot of seating to enjoy the view. The staff is always friendly and smiling. They have a decent lunch menu and good happy hour prices. I had the chicken enchiladas with rice and beans, and my partner in crime had a taco salad with grilled chicken. I would visit this restaurant again
4	This place is good. The service was great. Our food came out really really fast! If you can get a table by the window the view is cool, you can see the LV sky line! Best part was the Cadillac Margaritas they are strong. Not weak you can definitely taste the alcohol in it!! The food was good definitely worth checking out! Loud atmosphere good for kids and birthday dinners!!!
5	Yum yum! I have tried something different every time I've gone and never been disappointed. The bean dip is amazing! Super fresh and warm. Also with the combos you get a soup to start and I dream about that soup, it's so good! Plus on top of that they have the best margaritas in many flavors. The service is always fast and efficient. I don't think we've ever waited for a table either.
5	El Lindo is one of our favorite spots in Las Vegas (Henderson, I know).Spectacular views of the city, great bean dip and chips, amazing service (these guys work hard for the money), fun atmosphere and of course, really delicious entrees.If you go on the weekend they'll have a single musician jamming out hard on guitar or some keys and singing/playing along with some pre-recorded tracks. These guys are INTO it, so just sit back and enjoy them enjoying themselves.Food-wise, I've had a lot of different items and they have all been good. Probably not the absolute greatest food I've ever had, but it's quite tasty and the prices are very reasonable.As a whole package, this is one of our go-to spots and we always bring our out of towners here and they rave about it. Being on top of seemingly the largest hill in Henderson makes it a cool experience, so try to get a window seat and make sure to hang over the railing for a bit before you head off for the evening.
3	This is probably not the best location for the quality of food that I've come to expect from this chain. I had ordered a Mexican style steak with their spiciest chilli sauce.  This sauce is supposed to be the spiciest sauce they make. The heat kick from this sauce is pretty intense, especially on the next day. The steak I had ordered was medium-rare. The quality of the meat was pretty good and it was cooked perfectly. You do loose the flavors from the juices of the meat due to the heat, but it was a Mexican place and I had low expectations for the steak.We ordered a table side guacamole, which was made fresh in front of us. The drinks were good, I would recommend trying their mango margaritas.
4	Great Sunday Brunch...  Awesome location, Sits high on top of the hill with amazing post card view of the city.  Service is spot on. The staff treats everyone like family. The appetizers are great and love them making fresh guacamole table side. Like ordering different entrees and serving it family style.It's said repeat business is highest form of compliment, and we've been faithful patrons since this location opened!!!!
1	Positives: view of the Strip, Pacifico on tap.Negatives: bean dip  was like water, chicken fajitas has microscopic pieces of                  chicken and peppers, poor service...my dish was brought out 5 minutes                  After 2 other dishes were served to my party, tortillas were brought out                  5 minutes after I received my fajitas, tortillas were full of flour and you                  only receive 2, inadequate parking on Sat. Night in their small parking                  Lot, table side guacamole. Had too much lime juice which destroyed                  the taste of the guacamole.
3	Great view of the city.  Good Mexican food, live entertainment in the evening.  Nice atmosphere and  authentic Mexican food.  There are 3 or 4 other locations around town, this has the best view.  I go here once every week or two for lunch.  I will be back.
2	It's our own fault for trying it but my son was in town and we had to dare each other to try the Food Network Special. It's called "Cry Today, Cry Tomorrow". It does not misrepresent the fact it is super hot, which it is but there is absolutely no flavor to the meal at all. If you're going to call attention to something, at least make an attempt at adding flavor to the heat. Tried the Chile Colorado at the Original location yesterday for lunch and again it was just bland, No flavor. I added my rice and beans to it so it had some flavor. Not impressed. There has got to be better nearby.
5	Ok so I don't write mammy comments,  however, the few times I have been here for lunch I am always leaving with a smile on my face.  This place has great food and the atmosphere is incredible.  Not many places in Vegas have a view of the city like this location.  Never a disappointing time.
5	Favorite Mexican place in town! They have the best table side quac and I love their grilled shrimp tacos. They have a lot that is reasonably priced but depending on what you order it can definitely add up. I like to eat off of the a la cart menu because I don't care to eat the rice and beans, so it's cheaper that way. My favorite margarita is their mango margarita :) they have a late night happy hour that starts from 11pm-2am. (They also have an afternoon happy hour) Half off margaritas. It's a good time to go. Awesome view too! For the most part the service is always great and the waiters and bussers do an awesome job.
1	C'mon, Vegas,  "eight years in a row," are you kidding me? "The best restaurant in Vegas." The only good thing about this place is the majestic views. Other than that the food is lame, the service is terrible, and the price is exorbitant. Well,  the real estate justified the prices. So in a way we agreed on to pay top dollar for what ever we ate there.The chips and salsa were good. My order was all screwed up.  I ordered a shrimp cocktail that my server forgot about it. My fried fish wasn't cooked with the right sauce.  So my server apologized and decided to send it back to the kitchen.In retrospect I. Wish he would have been allowed me to participate in suchlike decision.  But not.  He just took the fish back.The kitchen slapped the fish with the aforementioned sauce and refried the same fish one more time. The ensuing outcome was logical: my fish was with crust harder than a rock.Now you could say: everyone can make a two mistakes in one order. But the table right behind send their order back because meat wasn't properly cooked.One more gripe.  The server  and busboy insisted on calling me Amigo.  Amigo is a term of endearment.  So I wanted to lecture them on the proper etiquette. I just left the cafeteria bland taste food with fantastic views behind with a Texas-size disappointment.
5	Everything I order is wonderful and the staff is always so nice and accommodating.  Great view - lots of TVA for football watching!  Tonight my husband had the carne asada - it was cooked perfectly and tasted fabulous.  I had the #1 - superb and the Cadillac margarita is a must! Love this place!
4	We came here for the great night view of the city, it was amazing! The restaurant was clean and inviting. Salsa was very spicy but delicious! They have a huge menu with a ton of unique options so we all opted for things out of the ordinary. Buey cilantro was very good and my friends enjoyed the steak with coco cola sauce. If you're in the mood for mexican food definitely worth a try!
2	My husband and I each ordered a bowl of menudo and were disappointed. $25 for 2 bowls of menudo - they only offer one size. The size of the bowl did not match the quantity of actual menudo. There is no hominy in their menudo, which is fine, but the tripe-soup ratio was definitely off. Also, I was really craving an horchata and they said they were all out. Bummer.The service was fine and the views were spectacular, which is why I gave two stars. I could have gotten a better Menudo at Fausto's down the street for about half the price. I've been here twice, but probably won't be coming back again.
4	Lindo Michoacan is a true authentic. Mexican restaurant. They make home made tortillas and guacamole. They do not play with their margaritas. I had a mango margarita which I could not finish due to the amount of alcohol. I'm not a drinker so it hit be before my meal came out.I'm definitely not complaining, but be ready for it! My husband had the traditional grilled chicken enchiladas and I ordered a chicken dinner off the specialty menu, which was amazing. I give this place 2
3	VEGANS Beware !! All the beans have cheese at his location only !! We love the other 2 locations in Vegas but went to this one tonight & were told all beans have cheese mixed in. Never been to a restaurant that didn't allow you to say no to cheese. They made our 2 daughters avocado & Rice burritos no xtra charge. Everything else was good - what we've come to expect from our favorite mexican restaurant in LV. They offer Veggie fajitas, enchiladas & Avocado tacos with cabbage (ask for no mayo to be added) so we like it here but won't return to this location.
4	ambiance is energetic. spectacular view of the vegas strip, but not a very romantic place since it does get quite bustling.food is very good. service is friendly. the dishes appear pricy but the portions are HUGE. 2 entrees for 3 people should be sufficient. the hubby and I ordered one entree each and after getting a bit too excited with their delicious chips and salsa, we pretty much had one full entree left over after we were done. will definitely visit again. seems very group/family friendly as well.oh, the only "bad" thing was that parking was limited. honestly, their parking lot is a reasonable size, but it does seem to get very crowded, even on weeknights.
5	I was there last Saturday with my cousin, who was there for the first time on her birthday!  Javier, and company just can't be beat!  The food, location, service, atmosphere is the BEST!  No one comes close.  No one else is as consistent as "Lindo"  The food was hot, quality, portion size.  We were hungry, we saw, we ate, we drank, we enjoyed!  We will be back.  Next time with more people!  My cousin LOVED IT!  Get a seat by the window!  The view is spectacular day or night and is worth waiting for!
5	Antonio waited in us! What a charming excellent server! We had a marvelous time celebrating my sons  birthday! Food arrived faster than it sometimes takes to go through drive through at Tacobell.  Hot, well prepared variety of spices sauces and flavorings. Rellenos! Chimichangas! Tamales! Fish! Yummy! Worth recommending!
5	I'm telling you, their guacamole is the best thing I have ever tasted. They make it fresh right in front of you at your table when you order it (I think it's a side dish; not the one that comes with the meals) and it is so so so yummy! They're dishes are great, and the complimentary chips and dips that come before the meal are so good; I almost got full before even getting my meal. The staff is friendly and they even have live music playing at night. A little side note; parking on weekends get crazy so get there early or eat here on the weekdays!
3	I had to give 3 stars because of our first waiter... JAVIER... I came in yesterday for my bday dinner with my husband and we got sat in the nice view area. Everything started great until our waiter ignored us for 30 min, he passed by several time but did not look our way or ask us if we needed anything. He was busy with the large table next to us. I waived him down to grab an appetizer while we waited for the rest of our party. Then when my family finally arrived they advised us there was no room to fit 6, so we said thats fine you can move us. Well the waiter wouldn't even address the problem to us the hostess and the bus boy had to speak for him while he stood behind us with a distasteful look on his face. When we were finally moved the new waiter was much nicer, Rene. He actually acknowledged we there. Other than the waiter situation, food is amazing, atmosphere is great. I'll be back just not with that waiter.
3	Parking was absolutely atrocious,  had to park forever far away and walk. I ordered a shrimp dish and the shrimp was badly over cooked. I had to send it back for the chile verde, which was delicious. Margaritas were great. I think the prices are high for the quality. Nice bathrooms and great service though!
1	Great view! Awful food! Mediocre service!
2	Service GREAT!  But I've had better food in jail.  Nice view.  Speedy, Friendly and very kind but seriously so blah!
5	This has been my favorite Mexican restaurant for 4 years now. The tortillas are the best I've ever had, and the Camarones con Rajas y Crema (shrimp in a cream sauce) is my go-to meal. I dip the tortillas in the shrimp sauce. The service definitely can be slow at times, but if you just ask any server for help they will always take care of you, sometimes you just have to ask!
1	What do you people see in this place???  The food is horrible.The chips are greasy and soggy.  The red "salsa" (And I use that word lightly) tastes like burnt peppers . . . .This is the WORST salsa I have ever had.Then the soup that comes with the meals . . .what the hell is that?  It is terrible.  The people who had been there before in our party basically screamed a loud "NO" when the put that soup down in front of them . . . and told them to take it away.The chicken burrito I had lacked flavor . . . it was not marinated or seasoned at all.  It was like they just threw chicken in a tortilla and called it a day.  Three of us in our party all had this and all agreed that it was the worst burrito EVER and that Del Taco makes batter food.  One person found chicken bones and grissle in her burrito . . . she currently has an upset stomach and will most likely throw up.This place should be shut down it is that bad . . . yet there is a huge wait each night to get gross food . . . I just don't get it.The only thing that is nice about the place is the view . . .but that is spoiled by how loud this place is . . . you can't hear the person next to you.So come on people . . . ..take your business elsewhere . . .this place frankly offers some of the worst Mexican food I have ever experienced.
2	The view and the service was nice, but the food, well...  Not so much.  I have to say, I was really disappointed.  I had the chicken taco.  It was very bland, to say the least.  I "encountered" chicken bones, not just once, but twice.  I had a taste of my husband's carne asada, and must say, a taste was about all I could handle.  No flavor and the meat was on the tough side.  I commented that we would have been much better off with the food at Taco Bell. Sorry, but just being totally honest here.  Won't plan on ever coming back here again.  A nice view and service just won' t cut it for us.
4	Very good and very consistent quality.  Staff always a pleasure.
5	This place is sooo good. If you go you have to get the table side guacamole they make it right in front of you, tastes great. Got the diablo shrimp, not spicy but still tasty. Chicken quesadilla is great. All the wait staff is exceptional. Nice view of the strip if you sit on the lower section. Recommend a reservation because this place is extra busy.
4	We stopped in this afternoon for margaritas and a lite snack.... this was my first time to this location, but I am definitely a Lindo fan from visits to the other locations! We sat at the bar and I LOVE the view, the service was great, they were very attentive but yet let us have our space to relax.... we enjoyed a few margaritas and enjoyed the wonderful chips and salsa (the salsa seemed spicier than normal today- which we LOVED!) and I am a huge fan of the bean dip they have as well. Lindo Michoacan is always a great choice!
5	" Massive Menu, Great Food, Awesome View ! ""My wife and I were invited by some friends of ours to visit the Lindo Michocan Mexican Restaurant in Henderson, Nevada for dinner. What a place!. The Menu is massive. It will take you some time to read through it, and decide what you are going to have for dinner from their gourmet Mexican cuisine. I had one of the best Chili Relleno's and Cheese Enchiladas I have ever had. My wife had the Carnitas, which were also delicious. Our friends both had the Mojarra ( Tilapia ) which was huge, and look fantastic. The view the restaurant has especially at night over looking the entire city of Las Vegas, is Fantastic ! The restaurant hand makes their own fresh tortillas, and has live entertainment playing great Mexican music while you eat. We would difenitely go back to te Lindo Michocan again ! Visited November 2014
5	Great food! Great service! Love the atmosphere and vibe! Their bean dip is to die for!!! Fresh side table guacamole too!!! Defiantly my favorite Mexican food!
