4	Vila Algarve is a great new family owned restaurant I visited on a whim. The waitress was attentive and helpful in navigating the menu filled with Portugese and Mediterranean specialties, and the owner was eager to please. I was amazed by the low prices, especially considering the quality and freshness of ingredients (non-chewy grilled calamari and ruby red, non-pithy tomatoes). The atmosphere leaves something to be desired as the dining room is huge with more tables than you can imagine being filled, but I will definitely be back to try more of their yummy food.
5	The food is awesome, fresh, and unique, like the Portaguese sardines. The presentation is masterful. The service is impeccable. The prices are too low and will probably rise. They are waiting on their liquor license so they dont have wine right now. But do yourself a favor and eat here.
5	This place is a tiny little hole in the wall that I can see really taking off. When you enter, it instantly has a Mediterranean vibe there's a bar area to the side and a main dining area. The dining area is actually very spacious and wide open. The table layout though can make the meals feel quite intimateThe staff here is extremely nice and helpful. We were greeted with a giant smile and a welcome. My and my friend weren't too well versed on the food and the host was sure to explain exactly what came in each dishThe food was amazing. The skewers were melt in your mouth good and the lemon butter vegetables made me a convert. It comes with beef, chicken or steak. The sandwich was good, it had pork and other goodies slathered with sauce in a bun. I haven't sampled the pasta yet but my friend raves about how good it was. For dessert, there was mascarpone, which isn't a dessert I normally like but since the host recommended I decided to go with and let's just say I wasn't disappointed --a few points notes, they don't have their liquor license as of 2/16/14-- related to above, the bar area is really deserted They also have a stage and what looks to be a setup for live music. Whenever this does start being used, I can see it being a huge hit. Overall it a good restaurant, some things that I see them workin on and no reason why this wouldn't be 5 stars all the way!!
4	Another new business that I just couldn't wait to open. Vegas kind of lacks in Portuguese restaurants so when I noticed that Vila Algarve was opening up I had to go. It's located in the old Sushi Factory spot in a plaza on the NW corner of Tropicana and Jones. It's a very spacious place. They've been open for only a couple weeks but I don't think many people know since the 2 times I've been there no one was there, for lunch and dinner.Opening up the menu you can either read the very delicious sounding descriptions or look at the very delicious looking pictures.  You can even ask the very friendly staff if they had any recommendations. I wanted everything and just started ordering, my eyes and my stomach were not on the same page. They have Portuguese chicken livers and giblets, Portuguese sausages, snails and frog legs, various pastas, curries, skewered meats, steaks, seafood, wraps, and desserts. I was told they use less seasoning in some of their food than usual to appeal to the people but they'll make it spicier if you wanted.The Trinchado, from their menu were "Cubes of meat marinated in red wine, grilled to perfection, cooked with trinchado creamy sauce and olives with pits, served with toasted bread." How do you not order it. It was good. I liked the creamy sauce and meat was perfect. Be aware that the olives are with pits and the pits are no joke when your teeth whack it. I'd order it again. There's an appetizer version and a full meal version.The Halloumi Cheese, from their menu was "cyrpus grilled goat cheese, served with sweet and sour or peri peri sauce." It was really salty and pretty good. Seems like it would be good with some beer. Eat it right away and don't let it cool down to much cause it gets hard. The Dobrada Portuguesa was "slow cooked ox tripe and broiled with mixed cheese." It was my favorite of the 3 items I've ordered. You either like tripe or dislike tripe and I like tripe covering it with cheese makes it even better. The smell is strong.The interior is nice and clean with a big screen TV. The staff is very friendly and did everything right.What to expect after I write this review beside my multiple check-ins and picture posting? They're in the process of getting their liquor license. They already have a nice bar area setup as soon as they get to fill it with liquor and serve it up the better. They have what looked like a setup for live music. They have a lot of potential. I'd be back.
5	Items Selected:Milk BreadHalf Chorizo - Pork Sausage with Red Wine, Flame Grilled and finished tablesideTrinchado Chicken - Red Wine, Creamy Sauce, Olives, Toasted BreadHalloumi Cheese - Goat Cheese, Sweet and SourSnails - Chardonnay White Wine Garlic Sauce, Mixed CheeseCalamari Curry - Creamy Coconut Curry Sauce, Rice, ChutneyBacalao "A Brass" - Salt Cod, Shredded and Cooked with Onions, Garlic, Potatoes, Eggs, Extra Virgin Olive OilTiramisuLocated in a sprawling space at the corner of Tropicana and Jones where proprietor Lubka (Luby) greeted us with a smile at the door as her husband, Ross, tended to the kitchen it would be difficult to imagine a more charming first impression of a new restaurant than the one with which I walked away from Vila Algarve on Saturday afternoon.  Empty save for one other table at our 2pm arrival and featuring a diverse menu anchored in rich Portuguese traditions with all stocks, sauces, and spice blends made in house it was with a small amount of experience in the region's cuisine that our quartet perused the options but with staff more than willing to engage, discuss, and suggest despite significant language barriers the seven items selected all proved not only well prepared and presented, but also highly educational and thoroughly enjoyable.  Skipping over seemingly out-of-place pizzas and pastas, though we were assured that these too are common to the cuisine, and focusing instead on the items favored by Luby as well as personal tastes it was with dense, warm milk bread that we began and with plates coursed out one-by-one appetizers commenced with lightly spiced Portuguese chorizo, ablaze on presentation and smoky with a snappy kielbasa-esque flavor, followed by squeaky griddled Halloumi with house-made sweet and sour serving to balance the brine.  Moving next to tender snails in thick garlic cream it was fourth that the primary reason for my visit arrived and living up to high hopes the milk-soaked and shredded preserved cod was perfect as two large cylinders arrived featuring ample salinity balanced by smashed potatoes, eggs, and subdued aromatics to form something rich, rustic, and satisfying...something I routinely seek out elsewhere now done well in my own back yard.  Rounding out the savories with two more richly sauced proteins including snappy squid in bright curry and tender chicken with notes of cumin, paprika, and something citrus perfuming the palate it was with full stomachs that Luby compelled us to order dessert, the tiramisu made by herself that morning, and whether 'traditional' or not I'm uncertain but either way the scoop of light mascarpone and bold coffee was much like the rest of the afternoon - delicious, comfortable, and served with gracious smiles and requests to come back soon, something I've no doubt the bacalao will compel.
5	Four of us met here for lunch so that we could try several dishes to try Portuguese food.  The owner, Lubka, told us it was the only Portuguese restaurant in Las Vegas.  We were brought rolls and our drinks came quickly.  We ordered several starters to share.  First was a half chorizo that was cooked with red wine and flame grilled tableside.Next, we had the dish Halloumi, goat cheese grilled over cypress and served with a sweet and sour sauce. Next came the snails cooked with a chardonnay white wine and garlic sauce and broiled with mixed cheeses and served with some toast slices.Next was Bacalao, a dish made up of salted cod, mashed potatoes, garlic, onions, eggs and extra virgin olive oil and served with a salad of mixed greens.  Lubka (Luby) told us how they treated the salt cod daily with whole milk to remove the saltiness of the cod so it wasn't overpoweringly salty.Then onto the chicken Trinchado.  The chicken is marinated in red wine and grilled.  It's then put in the Trinchado sauce which had a nice paprika flavor and a small hint of cumin.Then we had the Calamari curry, a bowl of nicely cooked calamari in a curry sauce that didn't hit you up front but had a nice curry tang after the fact.  It was quite good.  With the calamari, we got rice and a container of chutney.  The flavors complimented each other nicely.When we thought we had no more room, Luby insisted we have some dessert.  We went with the tiramisu.  It's quite a different looking dish from common tiramisu.  The  ladyfingers weren't like most tiramisu but there was a wonderful chocolate and coffee flavor in the ladyfingers and the mascarpone cheese made this a wonderful ending dish.Service was outstanding for the two hours or so that we were there.  We asked that the dishes not be brought out all at once and they did one at a time.  Luby came to the table and asked if it was OK to start the next dish.  She explained the dishes when she brought them and she was an absolute joy!  She's very proud of her food and she has reason to be proud!  This was a very memorable lunch with good company, good conversation, excellent food, and outstanding and very pleasant service.  Thanks to LJ and Niyen for the heads up on Vila Algarve.  I certainly expect to come back soon. I have to try some of their chicken livers and gizzards.  We opted not to do the organ meats yesterday.  That omission will be rectified soon!
5	Food is awesome! Service is great! Atmosphere is very nice! I am very glad I tried this place. I will definitely be back. The fish and chips were amazing, the flaming chorizo they bring to the table as a starter was wonderful and wow so was the beef espetada!!!
5	Went with my Portuguese friend. He was very happy.  Great lingusa  and beef. I would recommend it.
5	Best traditional Portuguese cuisine in Vegas the place is very nice with a perfect "date night" surroundings. Their fish dishes are beyond delicious especially their "Bacalao" is cooked to perfection. Great place for any taste
4	Vila Algarve is a newly opened Portugese restaurant close to the strip. The restaurant has a dim lit, intimate vibe which is quite nice. The waitresses seat you when you enter, and the service is very friendly. We usually start off with the Beef Trinchado appetizer.  The cooked beef tastes great, and it comes with toasted bread perfect for dipping because the sauce...is delicious! Practically had us wiping the plate with our fingers. The owner offered some good wine to us as well.I am a pasta man, so I ordered the Algarve Chicken Pasta. If you are a fan of Fettucini Alfredo dishes, this will be right up your alley. Once again, I was using bread to scoop up all that tasty pasta sauce. My lady ordered the Beef Espetadas. Very yummy pieces of beef sliced, and placed on a skewer. We gobbled it up like m&ms. A very filling dish. Comes with a side of vegetables/fries. To top it off, the owner gave us our first "dessert shots". I forgot the name of the dish but if she mentions it, do not sleep! It is a flavorful mix of mint, alcohol, and deliciousness. Next time I come back to the restaurant I will also like to try the Paella!As much as I love eating at Vila Algarve, I do have a couple complaints. When it comes to extras, please expect to be charged for everything. This includes water and A1 steak sauce. Last time I was there, we also ran into a small situation where we were told the restaurant does not do split checks for guests. Very disappointing, so unfortunately I say this works best for small groups or if everyone has cash. However these things are minor if you know beforehand, I couldn't recommend this place enough!
5	Went last night and had a fantastic Portuguese meal. The food is as good or  better than my Mother and Grandmother Portuguese cooking. As a 1st generation Portuguese born in the states I give this place 5 stars.... The owner spoke to us and we love her... Food is great !!!! please all Portuguese and Brazilian please try it you will love it... FORCA PORTUGAL!!!!!
5	Given that my parents are from Madeira Island, I was super excited to find this amazing restaurant. Lubi took care of us, as well as her very attentive wait staff. The food was amazing. Since I had never tried a pizza with Portuguese spices, I chose this for my entry. It was delicious and minus the greasiness of many pizzas. My boyfriend ordered the meat on the skewer which reminded me of family barbeque's from my childhood. If you want an authentic Portuguese dining experience, I highly recommend that you try Vila Algarve.
5	Amazing food, fantastic service, in a very clean and comfortable environment.  This is a new restaurant just a few blocks west of the strip, in the Spring Valley area.  The first bite of my lunch made me stop and look around.  I didn't know where that perfect balance of flavor was coming from.  Every bite was enjoyable and the only sad point is when I was done and couldn't keep eating.  The service was very caring, which is so rare in the food service industry today.  Lastly, the milieu is clean, slightly upscale without becoming pretentious, and complements the food and service perfectly.  You would be comfortable coming to this restaurant in flip flops and a tee, or dressed to the nines.  If you try it out because of my recommendation, please let me know what you thought!  Thanks for reading :)
5	If your reading this your already missing out!!Bookmarking Vila a few weeks back I finally got here to an empty restaurant! I thought it was a little strange, that was until we met the Lubka!!! That's where our experience took off!!! After being sat and shown the menus we decided to go with all recommendations from the waitress and owner.Starting off with some great house made sangria we ordered the Portuguese Chorizo and Snails! Wow..... These 2 starters we're simply brilliant, full of flavor and cooked to perfection. Highly recommended!!!For our mains we ordered Portuguese Steak and Paella Portuguese style. Both were great, my favorite  had to be the Paella. It seemed a little like a southern style dish I've had before just with out the spice.Now this is where Vila Algarve shines from the menu Desert: Mascarpone and Home Make Cake.... I don't know how to explain these 2, other than Epic!!!! I'm dead serious Epic!!! Texture, flavor and simply outstanding!! I would also like to say Vila is a very kid friendly restaurant with High chairs and a small menu for kids. The staff were fantastic with my one year old. Also they said they encourage people to bring along there little ones.Also after 8pm they have some nice love music. I did say at the start of this review it was empty, once 7p came around the place started filling up quick.This restaurant is going to take off!!! Having a very international staff and grounding in what it takes to make genuine European food, Vila Algarve is high end food with group and family like atmosphere...5 stars
5	This place is just Wonderful !!! My wife and I have eaten here twice and the food was first rate !!! Very nice people !!! It's like going home and meeting old friends !!! So nice to have this kind of place in Vegas !!!   Bill Kipp
2	Expected better from all the raving reviews. Two of us got the Paella, we both agreed it tasted liked boxed Spanish rice, chicken on the skewer was dry and tough and the frys with it were just Ore Ida frozen ones. Tried the chicken liver appetizer, this was tasty, but I'm not sure why everyone on this site is raving about the toast, it's actually just white Wonder bread. Took 3 hours for us to get our food, owner did say it would take a while, (claiming it's all fresh made), it's more like they only have to burners on the stove and 1 sauce pan, literally brought out 1 dish then would have to wait 10-15 minutes for someone else's dish (not busy either, only 5 other people there).  Over-rated and more expensive.
5	I loved the sea food platter. WOW - it comes with 2 lobster tails, Tiger shrimp, green lips mussels, calamari, and 2 white fish filets - all grilled and healthy. The price? .... just $49. It goes very well with Vino Verde, the popular Portuguese white wine that is so difficult to find in most US restaurants.
5	This place is amazing!  I started going there on a regular basis about a month ago and everything I have tried on their menu has been incredibly fresh and cooked to order. The staff is wonderful and the service impeccable. The sea food is so fresh as though they just fished it out of the ocean this morning. And the prices are VERY affordable.  It is a family friendly place, great to bring kids to, they made a special cheese pita for my 6 yr old picky eater , that Lubi the owner, suggested and my son loved it! Way to go guys! I know Vila Algarve is going to become one of Las Vegas's top restaurants soon!
5	The food here is amazing and the staff was so nice. The atmosphere is great and I highly recommend it for any occasion!
4	I really wanted to love this place but there were some problems. To start the sangria is watered down and with it being 20 bucks, it is not worth 5 in my opinion.The snails have a garlicky cheese sauce and were amazing, must try.  In an attempt to find a cheese I had in Portugal I got their grilled cheese with the peri peri sauce.  It's not bad worth a try.Sardines, one of the waitresses recommended adding balsamic to these and wow it was great.The gizzards with a gravy, now these are chicken gizzards and have a beef tasting gravy.  It really didn't do it for me.  Beef and chicken two separate flavors that need to be separate.The paella well it was soupy and tomato based need I say more.
2	Unfortunately, my experience at Vila Algarve did not measure up with the expectations the reviews on Yelp created. While the service was friendly, we walked in at 5pm and the restaurant was completely empty. Because the space is large, it made the experience a little eerie. Only one other table would show up within the hour or so that we were there.For the food, we tried a cheesy tripe dish, portuguese sausage, and a chicken curry. Whether or not it was a bad night or the food quality has gone down, everything was quite bland. For example, the chicken in the curry tasted good at first, but once getting to the center of the chicken, it was basically tasteless. We also got some complimentary bread and oil with balsamic vinegar, but even the bread tasted somewhat stale and flavorless.I do hope that the restaurant is able to find some success, but I simply wasn't impressed with the food that night. It actually reminds me of one of those restaurant rescue shows - they need to slim down the menu and focus on high quality choices because as of now they touch on too many different cuisines.
5	Delicious food, great service. I am recommending this place to everyone!
5	This place is a true gem and I feel so lucky to have the only Portuguese restaurant in Vegas so close to me! I recently returned from a trip around Portugal and Vila Algarve is truly authentic. We had the half chorizo, shrimp tails, bacalhau, verde soup, dolmades and calamari curry. Everything was spectacular but the chorizo and bacalhau stand out. The owner and her family are genuine and provide a European restaurant experience. I'm even more excited by the fact they offer Douro valley red wine. I do wish they had some by the glass but I'll gladly polish off a bottle. I'm hoping they'll incorporate a late night happy hour, as I think this could be an industry hot spot.
5	I have never tried portuguesse cusine before. I absolutely loved it! The food is sinfuly delicious! The staff were outstanding. I recommend this place ti everyone!
5	Wow!  My wife and I kept putting off going Vila Algarve to eat because of the mixed reviews, we are very sad that we put it off. We lived in the Azores for 19 months and are very familiar with Portuguese food, we were not disappointed by the experience. First of all we were greeted at the door by Luby and shown to a great table. Our server did a great job of explaining things on the menu and pointed us in the right direction. We started out with a bottle of Vinho Verde and two appetizers; halloumi cheese and grilled calamari.  What a great start!  For our entree, we shared the Bacallau Assado and the grilled scallops. The cod fish was amazing with a little drizzle of balsamic vinegar and the scallops we the best I have ever had. Seriously, the scallops were like butter they were so rich and delicate. For desert we shared the flour less walnut chocolate cake and coffees (meia de leite and espresso). Everything was fresh and delicious. The service was stellar. More people owe it to themselves to try the amazing restaurant. Do not expect fast, American style food. This is pretty authentic Portuguese/European style dining. Slow down and enjoy Vila Algarve, you will be glad you did!
4	Hmmmmm....ok service was great and informative the cheese appetizer was really good unfortunately it took awhile....the food was also great but again it took awhile...if this place was packed it would take a day for you to get your meal...lolBut they pride themselves on taking time for your meal...a European thing I quess...Overall good enough but make sure to clean your schedule for that night
4	We went here because it is close to where we live. We we pleasantly surprised with the evening. We started with the chorizo. It was great as was the homemade sauce it came with. I had the scallops, which were large and perfectly cooked, very tender. My husband had the beef espetada, and it was amazing. Well cooked, the marinade was perfect. Our waitress was very helpful and it is a restaurant that I would recommend.
5	Everything was awesome! The presentation was beautiful and the chef came out to meet and talk to us.
5	This restaurant is fabulous!!!! The food is GREAT!!! And the owners and staff are so nice and go out of their way to make sure your happy! They make their own Sangria which is to die for! You have to try this place out!!!!!
3	Service was great and the food was tasty.  We started of with snails and pigs ears and then ordered 2 different bacalhau dishes for the main course.  The portions were big.  My only criticism is that they were not prepared the way those dishes are typically prepared in Portugal.  But if you don't know better, go ahead.
5	If anyone's looking for a great Portuguese restaurant, this is your place! Luby is amazing! All the staff here is amazing! I have a traditional Portuguese family from the Azores islands and the food was amazing! So authentic! The Chorizo, Pig ears, Espetada, shrimp, everything was great! Definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone!
5	My family is from the Azores, faial and terceira, we wanted to try this as it's the only Portuguese restraunt in Vegas. We tried about 7 different dishes, every single one was delicious! The owner, luby, opened the place to bring the Las Vegas Portuguese community together.  A must try!   Lubys homemade sangria is delicious!  See all my fellow portagees there!
5	This is a fun place to go. The owner bubbles with enthusiasm and will be very happy to discuss her dishes as much as you like. Our party of four had pig ears, chicken Algarve (thin chicken filet with cheese and mushrooms and spices, baked chicken, and chicken on a shish kabob; the first chicken dish and the pig ears were the best in terms of flavors. Unfortunately, they were out of the Portuguese Chorizo and we didn't try any of the more exotic dishes. Everyone liked everything. I plan to go back and try some of their seafood dishes. I notice reviews cover the spectrum on the Sangria. The owner asked us if we would like a liter of Sangria which is a tad more than quart. We're not big drinkers and we hesitated. The owner assured us it was a light drink; she said she just put a little port wine in and no Vodka; she acted like making Sangria with Vodka was very unauthentic. So the four of us shared a liter of Sangria. The Sangria tastes good but I judged the alcohol content to be substantially less than that of a typical red wine. So order the Sangria if you would like a light alcohol drink with great flavor and order wine if you want something with more bite. When we ordered, the owner told us that one of the dishes would take at least 35 minutes since it was being made from scratch. We were up for a leisurely Sunday evening meal with good company so that was not a problem for us and spent about an hour and twenty minutes there. Of course, if you are on a tighter schedule, ask what can be prepared fast. Service was attentive without the waitresses introducing themselves and announcing that they would be taking care of us that evening. I prefer it that way.  I decided on five stars based the pig ears and chicken Algarve, nice atmosphere, leisurely but attentive service and a modest bill: $59 for the four us with tax but before the tip and there was more than enough food.
5	Had dinner last night at this little gem of a restaurant, than 10 minutes from the Strip.  Place was nice, service was great, food was excellent.  We had 5 tapas appetizers; escargot,  pig ears, calamari, frog legs and Halloumi cheese, all were great except for the pig ears which we never had before and found out we didn't like them.  We split a lamb shank dinner which was excellent.  Total for our meal, including a bottle of wine, was less than $80.00.  Next time in Las Vegas we will definitely go back.   Give it a try, you will not be disappointed.
5	Took a friend here for her birthday.  Place was pretty well empty.  There's a specials board as soon as you walk in - none of those did it for me but I knew I would be happy with the regular menu, so no big deal.We started with sangria ($10 during happy hour 3-7, also lots of $4 appetizers) - good stuff.  And the chorizo appetizer - also good stuff.The meals do take a while to get served so plan on being here a bit (which was fine with us).  We ordered the Algarve chicken and chicken Espetadas - both were really good.  The waitress couldn't have been nicer and Luby came out to introduce herself, also couldn't have been nicer.Definitely going to try to make it out here for happy hour more often.I would go back and would definitely recommend it to friends.
5	I always order delivery, and they are very kind.  The food comes fresh and in a timely manner.  It's always come clean and never messy like some delivery food can be.  Everything tastes great. I'm a very happy customer!
5	This is my first time trying Portuguese seafood and I was impressed, considering by the end of happy hour you're looking at $15-$20 a person.  While it may look more like a locals joint, it taste like it should be a traveler's destination for foodies. They start you off with bread and their special fish egg dill sauce, which is above expectation. The sangria is delicious. $4 gets you two servings unless you're an alcoholic. The chorizo is super flavorful. Mussels were cheesy and savory, though it only comes in three. There's some stranger type meats like snails, ox tripe and deep fried pig ears for the food adventurer. Most of their dishes come in a very well seasoned cheesy white sauce. My favorite would be the shrimp tail.Yes it's empty, but I believe it's because it's in the wrong neighborhood. It appears causal, but it tastes fancy.
5	I've never even tried Portuguese so I was a bit nervous about eating at this place. My boyfriend loves Portuguese food so I left him in charge of what to eat.We went there around 4-5 pm for a late lunch early dinner. It was empty at the time so the owner and the waitress were able to give us most of their time. The owner introduced her self right away and so did the waitress. She told us about their restaurant and how it's the first Portuguese restaurant in Las Vegas. They went through the menu with us since it was our first time there. I was surprised at how knowledgeable the waitress was about every item in the menu. There is a complimentary bread basket in the beginning. The basket had two types of bread. The first one was a cinnamon bread. It was very soft and slightly sweet. It went really well with the butter. The other bread was an herd bread with a caviar dipping sauce. It was really delicious. I wanted seconds but, I wanted to leave room for rest of the meal.We ordered calamari, pig ears, and paella. The calamari was good. It has a very light flavor and I think it was intended to be that way. It was lemony and buttery so I enjoyed this one more than my boyfriend did. The pigs ear was really good! It was not tough where you would find yourself chewing excessively, but slightly chewy andy crunchy. It came with two sauces, a vinegar one and a spicy one. Both were very good. The paella was simply amazing. I did not know what the sauce was but this stuff was really good. I'd recommend everyone to try their paella. We also ordered their dessert of the day which was a mascarpone roll with ice cream and berry sauce. This was really good. I can describe the taste as a cookies and cream cheesecake. Though I would've thought that texture was going to be gritty from how it looked, it was the opposite. It was smooth and creamy. Definitely would love to have it again.And the best thing about it all is that everything is homemade.
5	This is a warm, friendly restaurant with amazing food and a very attentive staff. I especially recommend the mussels...yum yum....Everything is cooked fresh so there may be a wait. While you wait enjoy a Sangria or Portuguese wine.I highly recommend treating yourself to this GREAT restaurant.
5	This restaurant is delightfully enchanting. It doesn't look like much from outside, but step in the door and you'll feel as though you've just stepped into a 5 star restaurant. The owners are extremely friendly and treat you like family from the moment you arrive introducing themselves with a friendly smile and warm hug. The food is exceptional and underpriced for it's worth. I absolutely love this place and would recommend to anyone willing to take a chance on an unassuming night out with a loved one...even better they have live musical talent. Love it.
5	Amazing food!  Everything was excellent. A great mix of traditional Portuguese food with some French flare (mainly the sauces).  The escargot (snails) is the best I have ever had and I have been to France. They are served with a white sauce with some cheese mixed in - a nice shift from . The chorizo is also fantastic. For the main course, the lamb shank was "to die for."  If you like lamb, get this.  It fell apart with a smooth buttery texture and topped with an amazing sauce. Finally the marscapone desert was the perfect ending to a wonderful dinner. This is the food we had in Vegas. It far beats anything in the strip.  Make the short drive and enjoy a reasonably priced wonderful meal. Service is warm and attentive, like being a visitor at someone's home. Decor and atmosphere are simple. The food is the focus and it's amazing.
5	WOW!!!  finding gems like this is why i love Yelp!  Vila Algrave has something for everyone!  I'm doing low-carb, and was easy to find friendly dishes for my diet.  A friend, who is a much more adventurous eater, loved the options of chicken liver, chicken giblets, pig ear, tripe, and more!  We went in last Friday at 7:30.  One diner inside and a group of guys enjoying the patio seating.  As others have stated, everything is made fresh or in-house, so expect to take 1.5-2 hours for your meal.  Luby, the owner, was thorough in explaining the preparation and flavors of all the dishes.   Also, almost everything is grilled, adding another level of flavor.The Portuguese Chorizo presentation is amazing, and tasted very good; it's different than Mexican chorizo.  The Algarve jumbo shrimps (12 of them!) came hanging on a skewer, much like a Brazilian steakhouse.  Their grilled flavor and the Chardonnay garlic sauce worked very well together. For the entree I had the Espetada 12-Oz-marinade, four pieces of sirloin in a slightly salty marinade.  I used some of the Chardonnay garlic sauce to cut the saltiness.  The girls swooned over the Algarve Mascarpone roll!  I believe they both used "Mouthgasm" to describe the dessert.This place will get busy once people discover it, and we will be back to try some more things on the menu!
5	I so badly wish that this place would open up in Portland. It just doesn't make sense that we don't have a Vila Argave. When you're seated here, you're asked if this is your first time in the restaurant. There's a good reason for that, so be patient, because when you say that it's your first time, they will give you a very thorough explanation of the menu, but only after bringing you the complimentary breads and spreads that start you off to a wonderful experience. It might feel for just a moment that the explanations of the menu items are wordy or lengthy- they're not. It's just that there's a LOT to choose from, and some of them are things that might be a bit "exotic" for the good ol' 'merkin. There are snails, among other things. They look absolutely delicious though, and next time, we will try them. This time, we tried the calamari. One of the brilliant features of Vila is that barely ANYTHING is fried. The calamari comes in a light, delicious cream sauce over herbed rice. It is mouth-watering, and we damn-near impaled eachother with forks over the last piece. I don't know if we'll ever have the CHANCE to try the snails, because the calamari is so craveable. Claire ordered the marinated grilled Portuguese chicken, and I tried it. It was marvelous. Something to know about this selection- if you order it, be comfortable with a 20 minute or more wait. This is NOT KFC. The chicken is cooked fresh when you order it. As a result, it is spectacular. Get over yourself. I ordered the seafood pasta, and I'm not sure, at this point, that I'd be able to bring myself to order anything else. Rather than a heavy alfredo, as most restaurants tend to serve over their seafood pastas, this selection is adorned with a creamy, tomato sauce akin to vodka sauce (my mouth was too full to ask exactly what it was, and to be perfectly honest, I don't care). This is by far the best pasta dish I have had from any restaurant. Especially with seafood. The scallops in my dish tasted extremely fresh. Everything did, really. What would I change about this place? Absolutely nothing. Except that it's in Las Vegas and not Portland. The owner is a magnificent human being who engages her clientele for feedback so she knows what to nip and tuck about her establishment. The night that we came in was a karaoke night, and I will not hesitate to mention that this place is not only gay friendly, but it absolutely EMBRACES the gay community. All around perfect dining experience. Would recommend, insist, and return.
5	Absolutely outstanding and unusual food. Lamb shank was marinated for 12 hours and wad exquisite. Small appetizer was the best...size was to die for.
1	Let me preface this review by saying I'm an adventurous eater who appreciates food from all around the world. My tastes are definitely "exotic." So this is not a case of an inability to appreciate other cultures. I'll start with the positive, which is that our waitress was very good at her job, she knew the menu well and was very courteous. We were served a bread basket with some store bought cheap rolls and cinnamon bread which they claimed was a special Portuguese bread. It was definitely cinnamon bread from the grocery store. And not the nice kind. There was an eggplant yogurt garlic dip that was fine, but you can get something better at any other Mediterranean restaurant in town. If the bread basket is totally disappointing that's a good sign that you should RUN! Get the check for what you've had and get out of there. We made the mistake of staying. For an appetizer, we had the sardines (which was actually one sardine, not plural) and that was decent if a little bland. The "olive oil" they use is definitely not real olive oil (probably canola) and the "balsamic vinegar" they recommended to put on pretty much everything is the very cheap watered down variety. If you are a foodie, this is something you will notice. Please don't lie about the olive oil! And don't serve your guests awful cheap watery sour balsamic. The fish was fine, but there was no seasoning other than a very little bit of garlic. Supposedly some of our dishes were to be served in white wine garlic sauces. I tasted no white wine in anything. We also had the mussels appetizer which was smothered in some lukewarm store bought cream sauce, think a slightly warm can of clam chowder from Smith's. The mussels were tough and chewy. They were served with some diner-quality flimsy cheap wheat bread slices. The stuff a diner gives you with a little jelly pack with your $5 breakfast. If a place can't even make their own decent rolls and bread that's a big red flag. Also bear in mind we were there for 50 minutes before we even got the appetizers. For entrees, I had the bacalao and my boyfriend had the calamari curry. Both were so bad. The only flavor in the bacalao was salt. The boiled potatoes it was served on were just that. Boiled potatoes. No other flavor. Canola oil smothered the whole dish. The fish was so unbearably salty and otherwise bland and oil soaked that I just couldn't eat it.  My boyfriend's curry came with instant rice. Instant rice! The curry was way too sweet and tasted prepackaged. This was one of the worst dining experiences I've had in Vegas in a long time. We took our food in to go boxes because we didn't want to hurt anybody's feelings but the food was so bad we couldn't even stand the smell on the way home. I'm sorry to disagree so strongly with the other reviewers but this place doesn't deserve to be open. The Vegas culinary scene is competitive and constantly improving and there is just no way this place can last. Not with cheap inauthentic ingredients I wouldn't even think of having in my pantry. Nobody should be eating these substandard ingredients, let alone paying $100 to feed 2 people.
5	Monday afternoon I decided I wanted a change of pace and stopped this absolutely wonderful hidden gem in Las Vegas.  The staff and owner were so incredibly warm and friendly.  I started with the delicious sangria and the flaming Chorizo sausage with the homemade pripri sauce accompaniment. . Nice crisp and very flavorful! The owner explained that everything is scratch cook to order fresh so I plan on a long and enjoyable dining experience.The next items I enjoyed was the chicken livers that were very moist and tender with the Sautee red onions and wine reduction.The algarve shrimp tails caught me off guard. great flavor the lovely cheese and white wine reduction is a great compliment to be able to stimulate my palate I wasn't expecting it to be as smooth as it was.I throughly enjoyed my dining experience here and will be back during the lively dinner hours...
3	I was excited to see this restaurant close to my work.  The owner was very nice and personally greeted and seated me at the bar.  I would give it 3.5 stars if possible. I had Sopa Verde which is a Portuguese kale/potato/chorizo soup.  It was very good.  I then ordered what I thought was the calamari entre with fries, and got calamari with rice.  It was ok, but IMO needed some salt and pepper as it was a tad bit flat.  I also ordered Vino Verde, which is a tart Portuguese white wine.  When the check arrived, I was invoiced for the calamari appetizer vs entre which saved some $.  A complaint was that the vino verde was 7 per glass.  That seemed very high, as this wine is tupically one that is in the 6-9$ / bottle range, so felt that was very excessive.  Also I yearned for bread which was not offered.  I will for sure return, as I think that some if the glitches could be attributed to it recently opening.  The menu is very interesting.
5	Went back this Friday night to try different items on the menu.  Each dish was amazing! Wine, Salad, Soup Caldo Verde, Grilled Calamari, Chicken Wings, Chicken Trinchado, Shrimp Skewers, Lamb Shank and desert Tiramisu. Very reasonable for a gourmet meal. Loved it!  Looking forward to coming back to try lunch and open for the holidays with friends and family.
2	I was first excited to try out some Portuguese food in Las Vegas because part of my family is portuguese and I am familiar with some of the Portuguese dishes. The Bacalhau A Brass is the typical dish I like to order everywhere I go. Although the picture from Vila Algarve menu looked like an original Bacalhau A Brass, the served dish did not look or taste anything like its description. It pretty much looked and tasted like mashed potatoes with a slight hint of cod fish. It only had two decorative olives which  did not resemble menu picture and does not meet traditional standards. The dish would be nicer if they were generous on the cod and the olives. The plate was way overpriced and the dish was pretty much tasteless. I don't think I set my expectations too high since this is a standard Portuguese dish and I had never encountered a bad one.
4	Wait staff = 5 stars! They were soooo nice!So I wanted to give this place a 5 star rating, and I wanted to like it as much as the other 5 star ratings. I read the reviews and almost salivated...The orders here were yummy very much like most of the reviews. But to me, i felt like the dishes were missing a tiny bit of magic.... one dish could of used more herbs, another dish more presentation, another dish more salt, etc.But don't let the above description fool you. I came back here twice in the week I first tried it. The food is definitely good. The wait staff even better. Also i'm not accustomed to this type of cuisine so therefore my review might be too judgmental.I just wait there was just a tiny bit more to the flavor, and I'd go for the 5 star rating. Too bad there isn't a 4.5 rating.
4	I came here after reading the amazing Yelp reviews. Truly, the reviews do not lie. The food is phenomenal.  We ordered the snails as an appetizer and they were just amazing! I have tried many times to find a place that cooks them perfectly and I did not have any luck until now.We also ordered the Espetada Marinate. This dish is delivered in a metal pick which hangs from the side of the dish. The presentation is definitely unique and the flavors were great. We tried the Paella which had calamari, jumbo shrimp, chicken and mussels. There was a good quantity of meat. The flavor was good, however the shrimp was not clean and the some items were overcooked. Overall, it was good but I would not order it again. This restaurant would have received a five star rating if It was not for their long time they take to delivered their meals. We literally waited about 35 minutes to receive our main entree. Also the decor is very outdated.So if you want a good meal and do not mind waiting for your meal, this is the place to visit.
4	The Espetada was fantastic.  The wait staff was very friendly and made several helpful recommendations.  The atmosphere was very family friendly.
5	What a charming little spot! Friendly and inviting staff! Beautiful menu serving food from Bulgaria and Portugal. Very reasonable drink prices.  Belvedere vodka was $4.50. What a deal! We will be back again!
