5	Great new chinese restaurant, just opened two weeks ago at the former location of Pacific Ring.They have an dauntingly long menu, we ordered dou miao (watercress), fried whole riverfish, beef tongue appetizer, and the dumplings in chile oil... yummy!  There is still much more i want to try from their menu and I haven't figured out what's best to eat from this place yet... but what we ordered was really delicious.
4	Huge menu of authentic Chinese dishes. Best experienced family style. I had the half Peking Duck which took 20 - 30 minutes to prepare (I was warned when ordering). It was perfectly sized for me and the manager made the first couple of wraps for me and the waiter finished off. I probably should have just done it myself to back off the sauce a bit. They tossed in some steamed rice for free. Not quite the quality of those stands you find in Taipei, but a decent rendition that borders on roast duck (dryer) as opposed to my idea of Peking duck where the skin is crispy with a layer of fat and tender meat. At under $20 with tea, this was pretty good bang for the buck.You could probably try a different dish for a whole year here with something for everyone. Everyone seemed really happy in a mid-week packed house. Service can be a little slow as the ration of customers to waiters seems to be a bit high.
4	Recently, Pacific Ring up at Squirrel Hill got replaced by China Star, which is now a Si Chuan restaurant. I will say that I am extremely biased because I love Si Chuan food, so that's that. The restaurant is also newly renovated, and I think the interior design looks a lot less gloomier compared to before. Anyway, we ended up ordering  (Cold Beef Brisket and tripe),  (Stir fried spicy chicken),  (Fish in hot oil), and  (Squash and mushrooms).The dishes turned out to be amazing, although somewhat salty. They were definitely generous on the spices, and I thought they tasted pretty authentic. I feel like this is a restaurant that I would go to regularly with my family in Taiwan, and that says a lot. It could be spicier though... I've definitely had spicier Si Chuan food, but I think it was enough for the people I was eating it with. I have yet to find another Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh to offer the squash (in the last dish) so I was really excited. I think the meal was amazing and I would definitely go back again, even if the prices are all $10+.
4	If you want to enjoy your time here, be sure to ask for the Chinese menu! Apparently the restaurant has two types of menu: the regular menu where you'll find the standard, non-spicy dishes, and the Chinese menu where you can order from a huge selection of authentic Chinese dishes! Pros: spacious, great for a large group dining, quick service, tasty food. The price is great for the quality of food you get. Beware that when they say spicy, they really mean it! Cons: the menu is a little disorganized, so be sure to specify clearly what you want instead of mentioning the numbers only. Our favorite dishes: Congqing chicken, eggplant in garlic sauce, fish fillet in red pepper.
5	When my fiance first moved to Pittsburgh we tried Pacific Ring because it was close to his apartment...BIG MISTAKE.  The food was terrible. Yesterday we decided to give the new incarnation China Star a try.  When we want regular americanized Chinese food we will order from the other China Star, but now we have found our go to Sichuan place. We ordered way too much food, but we wanted to try a little bit of a few things.What we ordered: Tan Tan noodles (very good)Pork dumplings in hot chili oil (good, but a little too chewy for my taste)Roasted duck noodle soup (delicious and complex, but there were a lot of little bones, which doesn't bother me but could be a deterrence for others)Sichuan braised pork belly (amazing, but very rich.  I wouldn't order this on its own, but the soup helped to balance out the heaviness of this dish.)Waters were refilled regularly and the prices are good. We will definitely be ordering from there in the future.
5	To clear up any confusion, the new name is Sichuan Gourmet.  The restaurant was losing too much business to another China Star on Murray Ave in Greenfield. Sichuan Gourmet is authentic Sichuan.  This is the food that the Chinese G20 Delegation ate when they were in Pittsburgh.  The food is wonderful, and the service is very attentive.  I like this new location, and it looks like they will thrive in Squirrel Hill.  The Tan Tan Noodles are a great appetizer to start with.  I like the Flaming Pan dishes.
5	Very yummy.  I got to try a huge variety of dishes with a big group of friends who knew what they were ordering.  All dishes were great!  My favorites were Beef in Hot Broth, Shredded Pork w/Seasoned Tofu, Braised Pork Shoulder, Mao's Pork, and Double Cooked Pork Belly.  Off the appetizers, one of the Bean Jelly Noodles was delicious, and Honey Pork Ribs were also great.  I know I just listed a ton of dishes, because they were all awesome!I'm actually not great at handling spicy foods, but everything was very flavorful with the right amount of spice for me, and I didn't have too many problems afterwards :).  Of course, you might want to steer clear if you have acid reflux, but they do have some good non-spicy dishes available, like the Braised Pork Shoulder & Honey Pork Ribs.Finally, the prices may seem a little steep, but they offer many dishes in two sizes.  The larger one is HUGE and the smaller portion is fairly regular-sized.  The appetizers are pretty big as well.  They also put out a complimentary little plate of either fried wonton skins or Chinese style boiled peanuts for you to snack on before your meal.  Definitely recommend ordering family style and sharing dishes.
5	Nom Nom Nom Nom ... This place is delightful!  As a hardcore Thai fan I frequently shun Chinese food.  Mostly because I feel the bland ameri-chinese is greasy and unsatisfying.  This place however blew me away with their authentic Sichuan food!  Who knew Chinese food was this good!  Damn those restaurants that try to placate the American palate!  The millions of dried red chillies that were scattered through a pan of flaming fish, calling to me with their flavorful, spicy, and tender meat that had layers and layers of flavor.  This place is just around the corner from us, so we'll definitely be keeping it as a go to.  Tip - You'll have to ask for the Sichuan menu, they won't automatically give it to you.  Also the servers will give you plenty of tips on what is good, and what are the most popular dishes that people order.
5	Hallelujah!  An authentic Chinese restaurant smack in the middle of Squirrel Hill!In my three years in Pittsburgh so far, I'm often asked, "How do you like Pittsburgh?"  And my answer is always, "It's exceeded my expectations!" and I mean that in the best way possible.  But then I always have to temper my enthusiasm with the fact that there is absolutely no reasonable Chinese fare to be had (that, and I miss being around tons of Asian Americans).  Anyway, I used to pass by this place and think, "If they do dim sum AND Japanese food and whatever else kind of Asian food they think they cook, they must do everything poorly."  Apparently that wasn't so far off.But a few months ago, I noticed that the signage had changed, and that when I looked in the windows, the place was FULL of Chinese people!  And that, my friends, is the mark of a good Chinese restaurant.  I'm sad to admit that I waited this long to try it, since I live just a few blocks away, but man oh man, am I glad I did.This is the real deal, Sichuan spicy goodness.  We got the lo mein (don't shoot me, it was for my non-Chinese husband), garlic eggplant, and fish fillets in hot pepper sauce/broth (literal translation from Chinese: Water cooked fish).  OH MY GOD AWESOME. I can't wait to try some of the other goodies they serve here.  But make no mistake - come here for excellent Chinese food.  Thank the heavens above, Pittsburgh culinary options really have come along!
4	Delicious. I've come here three times now, and had relatively good results each time foodwise. Out of the dishes I suggest- Beef noodle soup (huge servings, also spicy despite its 'nonspicy' label), Garlic Eggplant, and Honey BBQ Ribs. Make sure you're ordering off the Chinese/Sichuan menu and not the Americanised one. My one issue (other than the fact that almost everything is spicy and their spicy label LIES) is the customer service was horrible the last time I went. It's strange, because the first few times was marked by amazing waitresses, and maybe I just caught one on a bad day. Also, the seafood noodle soup she brought me tasted not nearly as great as the other dishes here. Warning: Unless you're like me and addicted to any and all tangcu spareribs, avoid theirs. Tasted like it might have been refried beforehand- slightly dry and stringy, lots of fat on certain parts. The sauce was droolworthy though.
5	I was not sorry to see Pacific Ring go and so was excited to try a new restaurant!  All I can say is wow!  We ordered off of the authentic Chinese menu and really enjoyed our choices.  My husband had the beef soup which was very flavorful and a huge serving.  I ordered a dish with fish and tofu in a spicy sauce.  Yummy, yummy, yummy!  I also had a cold beef tripe appetizer.  Also very good.  As we live around the corner we will definitely be working our way through the menu on a regular basis!
5	I've never really had authentic chinese food, and I'm as guilty as they come as far as loving my americanized general tso's and egg rolls. However, authentic Sichuan, with it's allure of numbing spiciness, has had me wanting to try it out for a while now. So while we waited for our one-hour photos to finish at Costco, we ran up here to give this place a shot.We walked in to grab takeout and the guy at the front desk seemed American born and fluent in both English and Mandarin(Not that I know what fluent Mandarin sounds like, mind you), so consider your complicated phone orders A-OK with this place. We started to look at the menu and were disappointed at the choices - it seemed to be a normal chinese place with a few additions here and there. As I was about to choose a dish, though, the guy mentions that there are in fact two different menus, and that if we're feeling adventurous we should look off the black menu. Of course, this is what I had been looking for - and of course it was no easier to make a selection off the hundred or so brief descriptions. I finally asked the guy what would give me my fix of Sichuan heat and he immediately recommended the Chongqing Chicken($12.95), describing it at simply chicken mixed in with a heaping pile of peppers, sounded right up my alley. My friend got Shredded Potato in a spicy sauce($9.95), and my girlfriend got tofu noodle soup($7.95) - which they accommodated her complicated order of no sesame oil, sesame seeds, or nuts by going back to the kitchen and ensuring it could be done first. Our food was ready in about 10 minutes.When I finally got around to eating the chicken, it was exactly as I had hoped - peppers outnumbered chicken in this dish by far, and the heat was amazing. Pure mouth-numbing bliss, and the flavors of the dish itself were outstanding. But seriously, the heat was what I was after and the heat I got, and as I took breaks from eating I was sweating and my tongue felt like it got shot up with novocain.The shredded potato dish was fairly tasty for the little I tried, and the tofu noodle soup was a bit bland in my opinion - by we also ordered it with a water base instead of a chicken-stock base, which is probably the reason. The China Star is an awesome place to go try out some real Chinese food. I don't know if this place will replace my General Tso's habits, but I can't wait to come back and start to work my way through some more items on this menu.
5	I'm not planning on being overly elaborate in my praise, but this was seriously the best chinese food I have ever had. I wasn't even particularly in the mood for chinese, but my brother was in town and was craving some. This was the first time yelp played a role in my choice, and I am so glad I listened to the reviews. I'm pretty sure I have finally found the chinese place to go to in Pittsburgh.
4	Let me first start off by saying I'm so elated I found this place.  If you've seen my other reviews, it can be most notably recognized that I don't have a deep affinity for Asian cuisine in Pittsburgh.  Actually that's being nice...Asian food here pretty much sucks. Meh.That being said, China Star might be my favorite option for Chinese food if I'm clamoring for flavors that I'm very much acquainted with.  Some of it is greasy, but that's to be expected with ALL Chinese food, good or bad.  I'm ok with that.  It's the flavors and options that pulled me in and keep me coming back.  Went here with Jhon a couple of times now.  We've tried everything from the tea smoked duck, spinach and tofu soup, the spicy beef noodle soup, braised pork belly, stir fried chinese broccoli, spicy fish in the hot broth, chinese water spinach, spicy chicken in flaming pan, spicy frog in flaming pan, beef tendon, wontons in hot oil, etc.  Yes, we like to eat.  Don't judge.The tea smoked duck is a MUST.  The smoky flavors that they were able to infuse in the duck, paired with it's naturally supple and fatty texture, give way to a super juicy and flavorful meat.  It doesn't need anything, standing alone as the star of the show.  The best part is the crispy skin.  Nothing is better than crispy skin, esp on a duck or pig.  Mmmmm... Other things I've reeaally enjoyed are the spinach and tofu soup and the spicy frog in flaming pan.  The soup is very light, brothy, and comforting.  It doesn't bog you down, but I found it to be quite refreshing and fresh.  I could imagine feeling loads better if I ate this while sick.  The spicy frog probably isn't for those who aren't so adventurous.  I personally love frog and have ordered every time I see it on a menu after extensively eating it in Vietnam.  The meat was succulent and flavorful, bathed in a sauce with tons of dried red chilies (like most spicy sichuan food), onions, garlic, and bamboo shoots.  I seriously couldn't stop eating it.  I even ate the chilies and bamboo shoots.  SO. GOOD.Jhon particularly enjoys the duck like I do, but he also loves the spicy beef noodle soup.  We're both suckers for noodles.  I seriously love noodles.  The noodle soup has great flavors, has a good spicy kick, the beef is super tender like it's been braised for a while.  The only real deterrent is that I find it greasy.  I know I said I don't mind greasiness with Chinese food as it's pretty much expected, but the one exception in my mind is soup.  Who wants to slurp on oily soup?  Not this girl.  Kind of reminded me of food I had in China.  Still really great flavors.  Just don't drink all of the soup.This is definitely on my list of favorite Pittsburgh restaurants to frequent.
5	Hot damn!  My mouth is on fire with the fond memories of my mouth being on fire!The secret to China Star is to order from the Chinese menu, not the white folks menu.  Or even better, order whatever is on the whiteboard when you come into the restaurant. Don't go in and order egg rolls and general Tso's chicken and expect it to be anything but mediocre.DO order a flaming pan (especially the duck in beer if they have it).Expect your face will be burnt off it you ask for it spicy.My favorite dishes: Dry fried Chongquing chicken, mapo tofu, sauteed green beans with pork, spicy lamb in flaming pan, don don noodles and anything with bamboo shoots. The service is standard for a somewhat authentic Chinese restaurant.  Your waiter will not be around because it is expected that you will be there for a long time and that you will seek out your waiter if you need something.  And if you will pardon the gloating for a moment, THIS IS MY CORNER CHINESE WE-DONT- FEEL-LIKE-COOKING-ON-TUESDAY-Joint.  Can you say 'spoiled?'ps-it's BYOB AND next to a liquor store!  Heaven!
5	My entire notion of Chinese food was imploded and then rebuilt here - for the better and grander. The flaming fish was the bomb! Literally. It is not for the timid. My mouth was on fire, and I will go through that again and again. It was that good! The other dishes on our table were good but nothing compares. Oh, order from the Chinese menu. General Tso's is not worth it.
1	I don't know if I just ate there when they first opened up and didn't have their sh*t together, but it boggles my mind that this place has gotten so many great reviews!  The service was HORRIBLE.  Our server basically ignored us, never refilling drinks or asking how the meal was, which made sense, since she ignored us while we were ordering anyway.  Wrong appetizer and missing chicken from the sesame noodles...with chicken.  The Pacific Rim was much better!
4	Finally, a good Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh! Even the decor and ambiance seems authentic, with the family-style tables, paper tablecloths, and slightly sticky seats. The food is top notch--we ordered from the Chinese menu (rather than the "American" menu) and were thrilled with our dishes. I had shredded pork in garlic sauce and my husband had some sort of duck with Devil's Tongue yams. Oh actually, I suppose I did order from the American menu: I got a cup of hot and sour soup and loved it. Perfect for a cold night. The waiter was terrific--he gave our 6-month-old a fortune cookie wrapped in crinkly plastic, which kept her entertained for quite awhile. By the time we left around 6:30 on a weeknight, there was a decent crowd, and all seemed to be enjoying themselves. We're looking forward to going again.
2	Mediocre Chinese food. The quality of food was not so good. The service was even worse. The bill was not calculated correctly. And the waiter was not there when we need him. Perhaps that was because of a busy Friday...Overall, I would like to recommend other Chinese restaurant on Murray, such as Rose Tea or Ka Mei.
5	Man, how I love china star. I misses my time in Pittsburghs sooooo much.
4	4 1/2 is what I should give.Oh so spicy, oh so good. The mushroom flaming pan is probably one of the tastiest vegetarian dishes I've had, period.The flaming pan dishes are good, especially the fish (the mushrooms in that, oh so tasty)Service can sometimes take some time, but there are days when they are quick too. I did a take out order yesterday and that probably took a total of 10 mins.Tried duck tongue, probably won't try it again. Wasn't very fond of it.Anyway, the place is a must go, especially if you enjoy mouth burning spicy food.
4	Had dinner here on Friday night and I'm so happy I finally got to try this place. At first I was a bit confused by the two menus but our waiter nicely explained how one listed their Chinese-American dishes and the other authentic Chinese. My husband ordered from the American and I decided to go with the Chinese Kung pao chicken. The orange chicken was the best I have ever had! The Kung Pao was pretty good too. The ginger gives it a very unique taste but it was way to spicy for me. Right away my whole face was flushed and my nose was runny. Our waiter was so nice and attentive, I really enjoyed my dinner and will definitely be going back.
2	I'm a huge fan of Sichuan food, so I tend to love all Chinese restaurants that serve authentic Sichuan dishes. And I tend to be nice and give pretty good reviews in general because I know how hard the restaurant business can be. However, given that I had just tried How Lee the week before, China Star was a bit of a disappointment. We ordered off the Chinese menu and most of the food was just so-so. The tofu in the ma-po tofu was definitely spoiled and on it's way to being fermented tofu although I couldn't make a big deal about it because everyone had eaten it already. The spicy fish in chili oil was not nearly as good as How Lee's. Some people wanted to be adventurous and ordered the frog and a rabbit dish. The flavors were decent but it was all bones, and I've had plenty of meatier frog and rabbit before. The service was terrible, even for a Chinese restaurant. They got mad at us because 3 people cancelled last minute and we had 14 people instead of 17, and half the dishes were already eaten before everyone got even a glass of water. We asked for tea and they gave us TWO tea cups. The rest of the tea cups came with the dessert oranges....unbelievable. The first thing you should get at any Chinese restaurant is tea...and it wasn't even like we didn't speak Chinese...On top of that, the party next door to us was getting wasted and they had people stumbling to the bathroom to puke. There was literally puke in the sink of BOTH the men's and the women's restroom and no one bothered to clean it up. Gross. Maybe some day I will be forced to come here again with a big group of people and maybe I'll have a better experience then, but this was a terrible first impression.
1	Miserable experience tonight. Ordered delivery and was disappointed the minute it walked through the door. Sampled: Nothing Called and returned everything and ordered from someplace else. We have ordered from here before, and I have always been a bit disappointed with one or more selections, but tonight was very frustrating. All I wanted was an eggroll with homemade duck sauce and hot mustard.  My fiance even repeated it three times on the phone please extra duck sauce and hot mustard.  The delivery guy gets here and not only is there only one duck sauce but no hot mustard. They also didn't send the extra sauce for my shrimp.  My fiance called back explained the situation and they returned it, but he did have to explain himself multiple times as if he was the one that had done something wrong. I might give them a try again, but with all of the quality Chinese food in the area it is unlikely.
3	I'm really hesitant to give this what I think it should be (2 stars max), so I'll set it at 3.The fact of the matter is, for the quality of the food you're getting (which is mediocre Sichuan cuisine), you are paying exorbitant prices ($15+/dish? really?). Granted, it's Pittsburgh, so it's hard to compare the food to places where the Asian density is higher, but still...1) Chongqing la zi ji. Not horrible, but lacking the spice omph that it typically has. This version is breaded; the Chengdu one is not.2) Beef bao. Not good at all, avoid this - it's tasteless and a very simple, uninspired stew.3) Beef tendon, cold. Actually really nicely prepared, I'd recommend this one - nice balance of ingredients + peppercorn + chili.4) Water-boiled fish. This dish is a disgrace to the real dish - its not served properly, almost no peppercorns are used, and it seems to be using some pre-made spice ingredient + way too much starch.5) Pork shoulder. Not sure what the exact name of it was called, but it was actually pretty good - though I say that as it wasn't really a restaurant style dish but more homemade.Service is nothing to yell about, and 5% cash payment discount. Sorry Pittsburgh, I hope you find better! (The N. Hills location used to be, but I haven't been in forever!)
5	China Star is one of the best places to get authentic Szechuan cuisine in the entire city of Pittsburgh.  Great recipes, a broad menu, and consistent execution make China Star an outing that I always look forward to.  The Chengdu Chicken and Cumin Lamb are especially good.If you want Americanized Chinese food (your egg rolls and your General Tso's chicken), this probably gets bumped down to 3 stars at best.  But if you want REAL Chinese food, I can't think of another option that comes close.
1	I got yelled by the lady when I called to let them know I didn't receive the dumplings which I ordered along with other dishes. How dare they.They have decent food but that doesn't matter to me anymore. I am never going back to this place ever again.HOW DARE YOU YELL AT THE CUSTOMER ABOUT YOUR FAULT!
5	In general I'd rather explore somewhere new than go back to an old familiar spot.  Not so with China Star, i went 2 weeks ago and have been back a total of 3 times since.  Yes it's that good!  They have an american chinese menu and a traditional chinese menu, so be sure to request the authentic one if you have a taste for the exotic.  All their food is good, but I LOVE spicy food and their Szechuan food doesn't pull any punches.  The hot pots in a sizzling pepper broth, are brought out still boiling and are as good as any Schuzuan I've ever had.  They have a huge selection in general, and vegetarians won't have any trouble finding a ton of great options to choose from.  Ordering from here always takes a while, not because of anything wrong with the service, but because it takes so long to scan through the endless menu and narrow it down from all the amazing choices!  Reasonably priced, friendly service and authentic delicious Chinese food.  LOVE IT!
1	Today, the food was cold, apparently it was cooked before we order it. They just use microwave to heat it, but not thoroughly.After three hours, my boyfriend and I feel stomachache. I will never go back to this restaurant !
5	Coming from Baltimore, a city void of palatable Chinese food, I was very surprised (not to mention skeptical) that a great  Szechuan restaurant would be found in Pittsburgh.  I'm glad I was wrong.  The braised pork shoulder is a conversation piece, beautifully prepared and tender to the bite.  I also tried the spicy beef noodle soup and the crispy pork noodles.  If you don't like spicy, stay away, but this stuff was delicious.  I was literally sweating with elation.  Gross and wonderful at the same time.  Next time I want to try the whole fish or the hot pot.  So much to look forward too.
4	Most of you guys know that I'm a How Lee devotee, but upon the insistence of Jarrett H, I finally tried China Star (now known as Sichuan Gourmet).  Jarrett-- thank you!! The food here is fresh and delicious, and they use less oil than How Lee. Now, don't get me wrong, I still heart How Lee, but it's nice to be able to mix it up a little bit. I've had the frogs legs & multiple noodle dishes: all good. I'm not a fan of some offerings (dumplings, spring roll, and crab rangoon), and ordering over the phone can be exacerbating. I've also had to convince them that, despite being white, I'm OK with bone-in meat, spice and "weird" meats. Once convinced, the employees seem to be genuinely enthusiastic  that I'm trying more traditional Chinese dishes. (Ethnic food places not believing me about spice level and meat choice is another topic and tangent I shall not engage here.)   All in all, though, I'm happy to have another delicious Chinese restaurant in my rotation, and can't wait to actually dine in there rather than carryout or delivery.
4	Great authentic Chinese food. I've spent time in China and lived in Taiwan. Use the chinese style food menu... Read the menu carefully... Order a lot of stuff... Dont forget about vegetables (steamed veggies and cold cucumber salad are awesome) Bring friends... Be prepared to spend a chunk of cash... And always ask for very little oil. I haven't tried their hot pot yet, but I'm sure it is a treat! I can't find hot pot anywhere else in Pittsburgh.
1	0 friends1 reviewVirginia E.Pittsburgh, PA 7/19/2012Ghastly meal! An egg roll and a dish called "triple fairy" were delivered. The egg roll was less flavorful than a frozen one from Giant Eagle. I was already suspicious -- if a Chinese restaurant can't make a decent egg roll, then you know it's bad.The Triple Fairy -- that was the outrageous thing. The "triple" referred to a mixture of chicken, scallops & shrimp that were supposed to be mixed with vegetables and a light sauce.What arrived was a disgusting mess of HUGE tough broccoli spears, giant chunks of green pepper, and big stringy snow peas with brown spots that looked like insect bites. The vegetables were way too big to put in your mouth without cutting them up. And of course the inevitable baby corn. The scallops were the texture of pencil erasers, the shrimp was totally overcooked, and whatever the sauce was had no discernible taste at all.I actually ate a couple of shrimp & scallops, a mushroom or two, and threw the rest in the garbage.Sixteen dollars down the trash chute. Learn from my experience.
4	An interesting mix of authentic and Americanized offerings is available at China Star. The crispy noodles served at the start of the meal come with only duck sauce. Make sure to ask for the hot mustard to mix with it! The steamed pork dumplings had an odd flavor, the filling had a taste almost reminiscent of a hot dog's meat. Certainly not what I was expecting.The egg roll tasted fresh but extremely bland. I wouldn't recommend them. From previous visits we had found we didn't like their Peking duck, so we tried their tea smoked duck instead. I must admit it is a much better choice when you're in the mood for duck. The best part of the meal was the "Flaming Fish Pan". I ordered it based on Ishi G.'s recommendation, and I was not dissapointed. The fish is moist and delicious, while the sauce was hot - in both meanings of the word. Spicy thanks to the pepper, and boiling thanks to the flame burning beneath it. A must order if you like fish.
2	Food: When you're seated at Sichuan, you're given two menus.  We weren't told the difference between them, but after asking, our waiter explained that one is "American Chinese" and the other is "authentic Chinese."  This isn't written on either menu, so if you want to know the difference, ask.  Both menus are expansive and have similar items, and we ordered exclusively from the "authentic Chinese" menu.  There are countless appetizers, soups, common and uncommon varieties of meats and seafood, and vegetarian options.  We started with the Spring roll, which was more like a vegetarian egg roll with a fried crispy shell.  It wasn't bad, but very average, although it did come with a lot sauce for dipping.  We also ordered the Sichuan pickled vegetables, which didn't taste very pickled, but were spicy and tasty.  The portion was large, but they were extremely salty leaving us thirsty and needing water (which became a problem, see below).  We asked the waiter to recommend specific vegetarian items; we ordered one of his recommendations and experimented with another.  His recommendation was the baby bok choy and black mushrooms, which was exactly that with a subtle sauce and rice.  I asked for the meal to be made spicy (it wasn't listed as spicy), and the waiter offered mild, medium, or hot.  I chose medium, and the dish was somewhat spicy, but the sauce was fairly bland and a plate full of bok choy and mushrooms gets old fast.  We also ordered the Chinese eggplant, and requested tofu to be added, which carried an additional $3 charge.  The eggplant dish was considerably more tasty than the other, but without the tofu, it may have been similarly boring.  Nothing we ordered was bad, but the best dish was only slightly above average.  The menu may be better suited to adventurous carnivores due to the plethora of options, or someone craving authentic Chinese food.Price: The prices are very reasonable, as our bill came to just over $30 for two appetizers and two entrees (even with the $3 tofu tax).  Appetizers range from $5-10 with entrees ranging from $8-25 and averaging around $14-15 (vegetarian entrees cheaper, as always).  They offer discounts to Pitt and CMU students and a 5% discount to all customers that pay with cash.Drinks: Sichuan Gourmet does not have a bar, and there was no mention of BYOB.  We didn't see anyone drinking alcohol.Atmosphere: The dining room is large with tables of all sizes and large windows facing Murray Ave.  The restaurant was packed while we were there on an early Friday evening, and it gets relatively loud as the tables are close together.  They are open relatively late, so if you leave the Squirrel Hill bars or the Manor before too late, you'll be able to get some affordable Chinese food as a nightcap.Service: We were seated after a brief wait and our waiter provided menus and water immediately.  Unfortunately, it was the final time we would receive water the entire dinner.  He never replaced the water without prompting, and even after we asked (multiple times), we had empty cups and nothing to quench our thirst after eating salty, spicy food.  The waiter answered our menu questions to some extent, but the host, waiter, and another employee had a very difficult time understanding our English, and we had trouble understanding them.  We waited 20 minutes, yes, 20 minutes, after finishing our meal before the waiter came back to clear our table and deliver the check.  This may be an isolated incident, or a problem due to new staff with the change from China Star, but other tables seemed to be having a similar issue.(+): authentic Chinese food, fair prices(-): poor service, average foodWould I go back again? Maybe once they work out the kinks and improve their service, but only if someone could recommend a specific dish to try.
5	They changed the name, but kept the deliciousness.Sichuan Gourmet (formerly China Star) offers authentic and dishes in addition to the American hybrids most locals think of as "Chinese food."  The spicy Sichuan pantheon nicely complements what I grew up thinking of as the classics, so Sichuan Gourmet is a top tier choice for any type of Chinese meal.Favorites on the authentic side include chengdu style diced chicken with dry peppers (sauteed with hot peppers, oil, and some amazing spices) and the double cooked sliced pork belly (a more unusual, almost woodsy, taste for some American palates, but this thin sliced meat with green peppers has never disappointed).Excellent dishes that might look more familiar include cumin lamb (which is particularly good here) and the also excellent Singapore style curried rice noodles.The worst part of a trip here is choosing.  Do I pick an old favorite, or try something new from the extensive menu?  Do I go Sichuan style today, or opt for a more American taste?  Do I share with the table, or horde my precious preferred delicacy all for myself?  These are real dilemmas, which deserve careful deliberation before a trip (personally, I like to go with a group and share, so we can order all kinds of cuisine and try new things in addition to old standbys).Another drawback might be the servers.  Occasionally you'll get an off day on the service side, and more often than that there may be some language barriers (if you're like me and don't speak Chinese).  But don't let that stand in the way of a fantastic culinary experience that seems to be truly unique in Pittsburgh.Bottom line: Great quality and recipes make this establishment a taste leader among Pittsburgh Chinese restaurants, and it's certainly worth a detour, or a special trip.  In fact, I'll go out on a limb right now and declare: this is my favorite Chinese restaurant in all of Allegheny County.
4	I found this restaurant by accident on Yelp and had to try it. The food was delicious! We got our food quickly and the service was great. Their menu is very diverse and you can get actual Chinese courses if you prefer. I would definitely recommend trying this place out.
4	A large Szechuan menu with many different dishes (including your ususal Szechuan fare) at a reasonable price. The portions are very large, and two dishes for two people is more than enough.Our two dishes (traditional fried green beans with port and a spicy duck) were tasty and satisfying, although they fell a bit short of being excellent. The duck did not have this nice bite of Szechuan pepper, as I had expected. Based on our two dishes, I'd say 3 stars rather than 4, but many dishes on the other table looked very appetizing. We will be back to try more dishes, and perhaps update the rating. Finally, I'd say that the quality of the food compares to the quality of the last page of How Lee menu.
3	Nice Sichuan restaurant on the outskirts of downtown PittsburghSichuan Gourmet offers up a wonderful selection of Sichuan cuisine. The place itself is very nice and the wait staff was wonderful. It was a very nice place in itself and the parking is plentiful in the back (I love cheap Pittsburgh parking). The menu offers a HUGE amount of selection that it becomes difficult to find what to eat, but everything looked so good.We ordered the Bo Bo Rabbit Sichuan style, Pork Ribs with Tea Bush Mushrooms, and Shredded Beef with Hot Pepper. The prices are fair and food was well worth it. Portion sizes were good.The Bo Bo Rabbit was served Sichuan style which entailed chunks of sauteed rabbit meat stewing in hot oil. The rabbit meat itself wasn't the most tender but the taste was there. For those who don't know...it tastes just like chicken. The portions could have been larger, but it was a nice appetizer and I'm not expecting an entree.The Pork Ribs with Tea Bush mushrooms come in a clear broth with steamed ribs bone-in and dried tea bush mushrooms. Tea Bush mushrooms are long mushrooms with tiny heads. Taste is typical of any mushroom but the ribs inherited the flavor of the broth which was nice.The Shredded Beef with Hot Pepper was a good dish. The shredded beef was very flavorful and was my favorite dish. The hot peppers were julienne shredded green bell peppers with an extra kick thrown in.Overall, it was a good place to go, but the number of options seems endless. Wasn't really sure what to get nor did I think what I got was the best, but it was still pretty good. Food, service, atmosphere was great. Definitely worth coming back to try other dishes.
5	Loved this place.  My friends and I went on a Saturday night and we got hot pot.  I knew it was authentic when they brought out a menu that was only in Chinese for the hotpot.  Fortunately one of my friends knew a bit of Chinese and 2 of the servers came over to help us translate.  We got the rib broth which was delicious and spicy.  As 3 Caucasians, we were all in tears over the spiciness but it was so good.  The rest of the menu is also extensive with many interesting options and seems to be pretty authentic.  One of my friends used to live in China for a year and was very impressed with it.  Atmosphere was nice and family friendly, with plenty of seating room.  Servers were all very nice and friendly, though we had a hard time communicating as their English was somewhat limited.  Prices are very reasonable and portions are generous.  I'll definitely go back here again.
2	Meh -- tried the supposed best that Pittsburgh had to offer in Chinese and was disappointed. Mediocre noodle dishes -- the zha jia mien used noodles that were lacking in firmness. Other dishes I had were on the extremes of either being too salty or too flat and tasteless. Also, weird tasting water.
5	Terrific (real) Chinese food--went there for lunch and split an eggplant dish (in a garlic sauce, similar to Ka Mei's but a little spicier) and a flaming pot chicken (with garlic chunks, onion, some other veggies, and a generous helping of hot red pepper).  Also had dumplings with red pepper oil sauce, similarly delicious. I definitely look forward to visiting this place again when I am in Pittsburgh.
4	condition is wonderful through the music does not match so well.I will try some spicy food next time
2	Very disappointed. American Chinese food, not authentic at all. Also I am not sure why one of the dishes had some really weird smell , not fresh....
5	Great food and good portion! We ordered two dishes. One is spicy fish in chilly oil and another one is fish soup with sour veggie. Both of them are very good. The soup portion for $12 was a large portion than what I expected. I thought that how lee down the street is good. This one is even better. Though the unit price is higher than how lee but the portion is a lot bigger. Will definitely be back again.
3	Disappointed every time. It's not spicy at all and some dishes are even sweet! And it's slow and expensive as well, compared to other Chinese restaurants. Extremely hate the way they deal with chickens, they just don't know how to cut the meat and bones right!
2	My first impression with this place is not a great one.I ordered the sauteed conch with basil, and was vastly disappointed. It was almost 19 dollars for a half full take-home container of one of the blandest dishes to my mouth's recent memory. I have a gut feeling that this place can serve up good food, but don't you dare have something on the menu at that cost if you won't own up to it.Also, it's kind of embarrassing that we now live in a world where there is literally a "American" chinese menu and a "Authentic" menu. True, New How Lee does it, but they don't blatantly label it as so, and feels a bit like coddling to label one menu as American..as if to say "hey, come here and eat something that doesn't resemble Chinese food at all"My interest is still there though..as PGH only has a very small selection for real-sh Chinese food, but I will put out a warning:There's a reason this location has switched owners 3 different times in the past few years.
5	We have been back few times. I found that their beef noodle and spicy noodles are very good too and it is cheapest in the area.
1	They have a waitress with the worst attitude I've ever seen in any restaurant. The manager even argues with costumers for giving less tip to that waitress. The only star is for their food, average Chinese around Pittsburgh.
3	The food's not too bad. I ordered a seafood and tofu soup and it basically was a white egg drop soup with imitation crab, little pieces of scallion, and vegetables I assume were once in a frozen bag. Not sure what style of Sichuan food this is, but I guess I should go in knowing a little more about what to order next time.
4	We are from the Washington DC area--not a hot spot for Chinese unfortunately--but were very happy with our meal here.  The Braised Pork Shoulder in Mild Spices* was absolutely awesome, tangy and wonderfully fatty.  The ma la pepper-spiced cold bamboo shoots salad was spicy and delicious as well.  The ma la or Sichuan peppercorn (which is really another plant and not a true peppercorn) has that very unusual spicy and numbing that I vacilate from liking and not liking, but ultimately think that anyone who likes spicy, hot food should try.
5	This is probably one of the best chinese place in town.
5	I've not started eating but just looking at the menu is making me deliriously happy.  SG, how did I miss you?!Food arrived.  It was authentic (we just got back from china--this was better than some places there), the service was fast and efficient, and it was delicious.  You can order 'Americanized' Chinese or go authentic--either way, you are in for a treat.Ordered:  -smoky pork belly with seasoning and tofu -Sichuan style dumplings-beef trip & tongue in chili oil -dan dan noodle-pan fried hot peppers
5	Absolutely the best, most authentic Chinese food in Pittsburgh! Try the Chongqing Chicken, the Mapo Tofu, the Xinjiang style lamb-- all fantastic! Service is good, hours very convenient. Take it from someone who lived on China for 3 years- this is the real deal!
2	What happened? Came here in summer and dishes were delicious, but subsequent 3 or 4 visits have been meh.My boyfriend loved the Amazing Chicken the first time he tried it. It was crispy and lightly coated in a subtly sweet sauce. The couple of times we came back to satisfy his craving, the chicken has been soggy and drowning in a frightening amount of sauce (even though the last 2 times we requested "light sauce").I loved the beef noodle soup the first time I had it, but the quality of the beef they have been using in the soup is atrocious. Last time, only 1/3 of the beef chunks were edible. The rest of the meat was either too tough/chewy or too fatty.Don't know if I will be back.
5	This is my favorite Chinese Restaurant in Pittsburgh. It's always a good choice to share food here with my friends.Chongqing chicken is soooo crispy and hot which makes me feel excellent.Chengdu Jelly noodle is a good appetizer. It's tasty and refreshing.Hot sour eel , the one in the chef's recommendation menu, is my new ONE. Especially the yam noodle in the broth,  it's like slipping in my mouth.No doubt I'll be here soon.
5	The best traditional Chinese Dian food I've never eatten in Pittsburgh.  Especially, the braised pork shoulder in spicy bean paste. And fish fillet in spicy broth, chongqing style.
5	Great food, although a bit oily. They were super nice and kept the kitchen open a bit late for us. Also they let us use our Yelp deal. Keep it up!
1	I think How Lee is better, because Sichuan gourmet has changed its chief cook. I really hope that guy could be back.
1	I would hate to complain if I felt like we simply ordered poorly, but this experience struck out in every way: The waitstaff took entirely too long to address our table when many other tables around us were being seated and served. We ordered three dishes (steamed vegetables, vegetable lo mein, and kung pao beef) and tea. All three dishes were seriously not good, to the point that we left them on the table untouched. [How do you ruin lo mein?!?!?] I had to prompt the server twice to bring our tea, and we never got refills on our water. We had to, finally, ask another server to bring our check because our server was nowhere to be found.We will not be back. :-/
5	I've never had a bad meal at Sichuan Gourmet. I met up with some friends here when it was 2 degrees outside and Sichuan food was the right prescription.We ordered:-Crispy Pickled Cucumbers - cold cukes in scallion oil-Sichuan Pickled Vegetables in red oil - daikon, carrot & cabbage in sugar & chili oil-Flaming Lamb Pan - tender lamb slices in hot oil with bamboo shoots, chilies, and herbs-Mapo Tofu - soft tofu in chili oil topped with ground pork & sichuan peppercorn-Double Cook Sliced Pork Belly - Smoked bacon slices with leek and fermented black beansEveryone loved it, even the first timers. It's so cool that PGH has places to sample regional Chinese food. Our waitress couldn't help but notice that we were all gringos, and chatted with us about how much she tries to get many PGH patrons to try something off the Sichuan menu and not their standard Chinese Restaurant "Beef & Broccoli" menu, and how they politely nod at her suggestions and proceed with their standard Cashew Chicken orders. While the Sichuan menu has a few intimidating items for the uninitiated, there are LOADS of welcoming options to get a taste of the deep flavor profile of Sichuan food. Yes, many of the dishes are spicy, but they are tempered by herbal notes & sweetness. Try it and see!A day after the meal, one of my friends who'd never been there before commented (only slightly in jest) that he'd consider moving to be closer to their food. He's not far off. It's a great PGH spot.
5	Absolutely delicious!!!  Honestly, the best I've ever had, and so authentic.  Everything we had was absolutely amazing.  (Veggie lettuce wraps, bo-bo rabbit, black pepper fish filet, and beer flavored flaming duck).  We will definitely be back, this place is the real deal.
5	Went there many times, and I still love it and have never been disappointed. As a person originally from Sichuan, the food served at Sichuan gourmet is absolutely authentic for me. Sometimes, I can even hear cooks talking loudly in Sichuan dialect. Advice for Non-Chinese: forget about the General Tao's menu, be more adventure, and ask the server for recommendation on the menu with Chinese if you have problem ordering. I would say, start from the appetiser if you are too concerned.
5	I come here often to get my spicy sichuan fix. The food is authentic and always brings me back to my time spent in Chengdu.The Chengdu sliced pork belly is a plate of fatty oily heaven. The sauteed green beans and dan dan noodles are also a must.
4	Excellent, flavorful, spicy, authentic Szechuan fare and hearty servings. The hot & sour soup was loaded with tofu, egg, veggies as it should be and plenty of flavor, not just pepper. We loved the eggplant and garlic,sweet, spicy and tender. The flaming chicken is terrific, with wonderful vegetables, aromatics and plenty of pepper oil and red peppers. The tea smoked duck was a bit too salty and the skin was not as crispy as I would have liked but edible. We look forward to, our next visit.
4	not your average chinese takeout or eat in restaurant. stopped here a while back for my uncle's birthday and he ordered from the Sichuan menu. let me tell you it is VERY SPICY! we ordered the fish hot pot, pork intestines and a few more dishes. food came out nice and hot, staff was nice and friendly and wasn't hesitant to explain each dishes on the menu.
4	I've only been for the lunch menu, but it is cheap and generous in portions. I've tried a couple things and all has been exactly as expected.My only complaint it is a little slow sometimes. Not the best place if you're in a hurry.
5	Great food, if you are a Chinese looking for an authentic Chinese food, this is the best you could expect... Even better than most of Chinese restaurant in China...
1	This review is purely for an ORDER FOR DELIVERY- via Grubhub.The western lake beef soup was great. Fair portion for 9.99$Green beans w. Minced Pork - 10.99$ on grubhub, tasted TOTALLY HORRID. Portion was equal to that of a 6$ dish, will not be ordering for delivery again.Based on all the positive reviews, maybe I'll come in to eat... Portion must be bigger than a small round container for 11$P.S. Grubhub being the excellent service they are, gave a 15$ credit for this order.Unfortunately the restaurant was not kind enough to give a fair portion.
5	I've been living in Pittsburgh for 4 years and Sichuan Gourmet is definitely most recommended place for authentic Sichuan style food in Pittsburgh Area. I personally recommend top 3 dishes which my friends and I often order. No.1 Chongqin Chicken: all my American, Chinese and even Indian Friends love it. I really like it but won't eat too much(they are fried and I know it is hard to stop eating once you started). I would only eat it on my cheat day during the long week of workouts.No.2 Tea Smoke Duck: I've tried this dish in many Chinese restaurants and so far Sichuan Gourmet is among the best. I would recommend picking the date when the restaurant buy the fresh duck(you probably need some connections inside the restaurants, be friends with the manager:) ).No.3 Pork Shoulder in hot source: when I was a kid, my mom often cook pork shoulder for me, I really enjoy the soft texture of the meat. After I came to US, it became my personal favorite dish in Sichuan Gourmet. However, I would not always be able to order it: sometimes my friends don't eat pork, sometimes this dish is too much for 2 people. I highly recommend order this dish when you have more than 3 people.
5	Best Chinese food you can find in Pittsburgh almost the same quality like the restaurants I've been in Beijing, China. Very authentic, great taste and a huge menu. And reasonably priced as well. Very quite at off-dinner/lunch hours.
5	Love this place!!  The mapo tofu is amazing.  We always order wontons in hot chili oil
4	The best (Sichuan) dumplings ever! Their authentic menu is quite good too.The big mushrooms in basil and garlic sauce is great. They have an american menu if you don't feel like trying something new
5	Yum!  My dad and I wanted to plan a quick adventure into Pittsburgh, and wanted Asian food while we were in the city.  My friend the lovely Angel I. (currently of Washington DC) recommended Sichuan Gourmet and the Squirrel Hill area, which was a very good choice.There's an easy paid parking lot behind the building, and there were a bunch of open tables available at noon. Our server wasn't the fastest, but she was very nice and quite helpful.  They have a huge menu, including authentic dishes, Americanized items, and a lunch menu.  All seemed pretty reasonably priced.  We tried:--lunch combo hot and sour soup: delicious, if thinner and different than most I've tried in the past.  It seemed to be a thinner broth with less cornstarch, and had mushrooms and more vegetables.  Very good.--lunch combo fried rice: great as well.  more vegetables than most, and not greasy or dry.--sichuan dumpling in red chili oil: very hard to eat with chopsticks, but great-- tasty filling in a very spicy sauce.--Mongolian beef, extra spicy: my dad ordered this because Mongolian beef is his favorite, and he doesn't get Chinese too often.  This was delicious.  The beef was perfectly cooked and they nailed the "extra spicy" request.  He had plenty of heat without losing any flavor.--Chicken and eggplant with spicy garlic sauce:  actually one of the best Chinese dishes I've had, ever.  The eggplant practically melted in your mouth, and the sauce was spicy with the sweetness garlic gets if you cook it just right. So good.I'm not sure when I'll next make it out of Greensburg, but I might have tovisit Sichuan Gourmet when I do!
4	I'm adding Sichuan as one of my go-to Chinese restaurants. I have been to Sichuan before for Chinese New Year and was not impressed. My friend had a Groupon so we went here again. They had changed their menu so it was more presentable. They still separate the "Traditional" and "American" menu. We ordered the pork belly and stir fried noodles. The pork belly was to die for. I actually wished they gave more rice with the dish because I would dump it into the sauce and eat it plain like that. The size of the entrees are pretty big and through perseverance (not really) my friend and I plowed through both dishes. I would order the sliced pork belly (without spice) in a heartbeat again.
2	I did not enjoy my meal here very much. Perhaps I should have tried something off the "authentic" menu but I just wanted a simple American style Hunan chicken. The dish was slathered in way too much sauce and it was too sugary and not salty/spicy enough. The hot and sour soup was delicious though. I would give it another try but first I am going to explore some other Chinese options in Pittsburgh.
4	Oh, so delicious. Huge menu, and in the three times I've been there, the food has been delicious. Here's the ma po tofu...with fish! And here's the cumin lamb...with enough Sichuan peppercorns to make you feel it the next day.Two nice features about the menu. One, there's a section labeled "American Chinese"--helpful for me, so I know what to avoid. Two, there's a section of steamed dishes, which makes my salt- and oil-free Nana very happy.Would be five stars, except the place could use a good cleaning. Random boxes everywhere and a sub-par bathroom.
5	In my opinion this place is hands down the best and most consistent Sichuan Chinese restaurant in town.  Their menu is really larges and you can get some authentic things here.  Never having been to China I can't say how authentic, but I'm Chinese-American and with immigrant parents I can say this place is as legit as they come in the Burgh.  They have a special Chinese Menu as well as a more traditional American one.  Try it!  I think you'll like it.
4	If you have visitors from China, this is the place to go.  Use the Chinese menu. Spicy fish in bowl, diced chcken Chongdong style, even their eggplant in garlic sauce, green beans, and dan dan noodles (all separate dishes) have a different twist that make them special and delicious.
5	I have tried many Chinese restaurants in Pittsburgh.Sichuan Gourmet is the best.
5	One of the better Chinese places in Pittsburgh. Consistent meats, delicious sauces, and good enough service. I've also gotten takeout from them, and it's just as lovely.
