3	2-star experience, 3-star food, 4-star value...Living in Vegas the past few months, it became a weeknight ritual to walk down to Yogurt In at Mandalay Bay after work for the best froyo on the Strip.  During my walk, I would pass Rice & Company nightly as I cut through the Luxor, before and after the restaurant opened.  Eventually curiosity got the best of me, as it looked like an interesting menu and decent environment.I went for dinner at the sushi bar on Wednesday night around 9pm.  The restaurant was reasonably busy, with the wait for a real table being 15 minutes.  I started with the Crab Mango Cucumber salad, which lists ingredients of fresh king crab, English cucumber, mango, and tobiko caviar (fish eggs).  I substituted the citrus lime vinaigrette for a mayo-based dressing that comes by default.  Those items are actually all that come with the salad - no lettuce less two leaves of romaine for decoration.  In fact, it was pretty much a bowl of crab meat and dressing.  Although this wasn't my expectation, it tasted okay (emphasis on "okay").  I was nervous eating the ample quantities of fresh seafood for a $9 price point at the Luxor, but I woke up not sick today so I think I'm safe...I was planning to move to sushi after the salad, and placed my order atop the sushi bar case.  From there, I proceeded to wait almost 10 minutes for it to be picked up.  I could have shouted for one of the 3 sushi chefs' attention, but decided to make it a service experiment instead.  Twice, a chef walked right in front of me, opened the case atop which my order rested, picked out fish, and left with no eye contact or recognition of my order.  When my waitress finally stopped by, I told her I would skip the sushi and was ready for my check.  Can't say this is representative of service overall, but I wasn't impressed and I was expecting average sushi at best anyways so I didn't feel like I was missing anything.I actually this this restaurant could do well, given it is an interesting menu, colorful atmosphere and priced in line with Luxor hotel rates.  Not something I would passionately recommend to friends, however.
3	This is a new restaurant inside Luxor (right before the shopping area heading towards Mandalay Bay). After a couple of American meals, I was craving something different. Rice & Company offers some authentic noodle dishes and their booth seats are quite comfortable. Their sushi needs to be cut in smaller size but presentation was nice. I feel like waiters overall in Vegas wants you to over order so that they make a bigger tip. We've consulted our waiter on serving portion and they turned out to be much bigger than he described. Needless to say, there were plenty of food left and I noticed this happened to other tables as well. The food is just OK and I would not come back. However, it's nice to have an Asian cuisine in the mix.
3	Dark and intimate is the setting, while the music is 80's and modern pop. The two aspects conflicted with each other since the restaurant is laid out like a fine dining venue. The menu prices did not reflect my initial perception. Yes, they are more expensive than Chinatown, but less than most other casino properties. Two of us were still quite full from our late lunch, while one was ravenous. We had ordered Singapore Noodles ($15), Pad Thai ($14), and a Crab, Mango and Cucumber Salad ($9). The first noodle dish was tasty and had a flavorful curry touch to it. The faint hint of lemongrass was the only thing I could distinguish in their Pad Thai. The mix of mini shrimp and chicken was fair, but it had no citrus or spice to it. Everyone agreed that the salad was the best dish. The beautiful chunks of crab meat, slices of mango and chunks of cucumbers marinaded well in the creamy and tangy dressing. The gorgeous spoonful of red caviar eggs on top was a nice touch and made the dish pop. The various segregated areas are nice to provide some sense of privacy and intimate conversation once you get over Ke$ha telling you to "Take It Off".
3	This place is inside the Luxor and by the decor, you would think this was a great place to eat.  The sushi was average, the appetizers were ok, basically for what they appear to be and the prices they charge, it is a place we are glad we tried but will not go back too.Basically, you can go to RA during happy hour and get more food for a cheaper price and enjoy the experience.  This place was way overpriced for the quality they deliver.  The quantity was ok, but the price did a lot more then they quality and not worth it.We mainly went here because our daughter wanted sushi and even she was disappointed and has no desire to return.  There is better sushi in a small strip mall near the house then this place.  The only reason this place is getting 3 stars instead of 2 is the service was ok.  They were visible and checked on you but it does not make up for bad food.  Not on the return list ever....
5	We had great sushi and a great calamari dish. Was not expecting much from the Luxor hotel restaurants but I would return here again. Price is reasonable.
5	Nestled on the Atrium level in the Luxor, I found the decor & atmosphere approachable with a hip vibe and the menu reasonably priced. The specialty roll selections were very interesting...and very good. We had the "Yes Grasshopper" and the "Fre Kin Good' rolls.They have a wide variety of signature cocktails and we enjoyed the Sake Sangria and the Mamason's Kiss.I found the entree menu with many traditional Chinese dishes that you usually don't see on the strip without that "fusion-pan-asian" flare. Our group tried the Peking Duck w/ mini moo-shu pancakes, Mongolian Beef and Pecan Shrimp.  All dishes were flavorful and the service was attentive. And you must try the Fried Banana dessert. The presentation is over the top!  We will return for sure!
3	The food had a funny flavor when I visited yesterday. The chicken teriyaki looked like beef and broccoli because there was so much sauce. In fact we thought it was beef because it was so dark! The service was pretty good, but the server couldn't help but keep reaching between the two of us as me and my friend were talking. The other side of the table was empty which would have been made more sense. Also, the bathroom is by the Bodies Exhibit, a long walk away. It seems odd that they couldn't put a restroom in such a big and nice restaurant such as Rice & Co.
5	This blows our former favorite sushi joint in D.C. out of the water!  Great fresh and innovative flavors, as well as a really gorgeous room...we shared the Crazy Mad Dragon roll, then dug into some Pad Thai...the portions are really large here.We used to go to Chinatown to find a REAL Asian flavor, but for the ambiance Rice & Co offers, I think from now on we'll just drive a couple of miles further...it's worth it.BTW, totally affordable which is REALLY unusual for the Strip!
4	First off, this place is just a really cool looking restaurant. Really pretty and well-decorated, with a modern-Asian flair. I lovelovelove sushi, and since we don't really have any in our little Idaho college town, I was very excited when I saw a sushi restaurant right below our hotel room. The husband got some egg drop soup since he wasn't feeling well (don't eat at the Pyramid Cafe!) and it was quite good. A little pricey for a bowl of soup, but good. I got the Wicked and Wall Eye Knee rolls. They were also pretty dang good. Not the most amazing sushi I've ever had, but pretty solid, still. Only slightly more expensive than sushi at non-Vegas venues, which isn't bad. Our total bill for the soup and 2 rolls was $38. Service was very attentive but not annoying. My water glass was always full and when we needed a box and the bill pretty early since the Husband was sick, they were quick and understanding. Overall, if you're looking for a good dinner with a nice atmosphere, Rice & Company is a good bet. I would go back again!
1	Sadly, this was the WORST dining experience OF MY LIFE.My fiance and I were staying at the Luxor and decided to go here for dinner. While the place looked nice (pretty decor), I did note while there that the place was never full. Now I know why. Went in, was seated, then asked the waitress about her recommendations. I decided on what I wanted and told her so, and then she just said "Ok" and walked off! Didn't take my fiance's order either! We were too shocked to immediately respond. So we called the manager who was aimlessly wandering around (as were a number of staff - they had 12 people at least walking around the floor, which was less than the number of tables occupied). She said she would handle it, then ANOTHER waiter came over, introduced himself and took our order, saying he would look after us.We waited for our food and then a DIFFERENT lady gave it to us. Strange. I noticed that the couple of across from us paid and were complaining to our first waitress, saying that their food was cold and they weren't happy. And another couple next to us asked how come they didn't get menus when they sat down. Our original waitress came back to check on us, but didn't communicate where she'd been the whole time. Very confusing. So I then told the hostess who was also walking past and said the service was substandard and confusing, and that the first waitress didn't properly take our orders... The original waitress came back and rather than just saying it was a miscommunication (which I would have accepted), accused me of not talking loudly enough for her to hear! Number one rule in customer service - don't be aggressive and accuse the customer!! Argh. They explained that the way they work is "unique" and you don't have one person as your waiter and we just "didn't understand them". Do I have to understand this, can't I just get my food?!In the end we got a discount, which the manager gritted her teeth about (we had to fight for it, she wasn't going to give one initially, she charged us the whole bill). Then as we were leaving the original waitress, Katrina, said to us "I hope you trip on the way out." If you can't serve customers properly and take feedback, then you may as well fire yourself.Totally sucky experience. Pity, as the food was actually okay.
5	Ah-mazing calamari! And the sushi was some of the best I have ever had. Great.atmosphere, good place for a date.
4	I only had a spider roll and dragon roll so I can't comment beyond that. I was impressed the food tasted great, had large portions, and service was fast and friendly. I will definitely come back next time I stay at Luxor so I can try more. Prices were high but that's Vegas.
4	We liked it. We ate here before the Carrot Top show. We had a little Chinese and sushi mixed together. The spring rolls and curry rice was very good. So were the few rolls we had. The mango crab salad thing was the best. Good tropical type drinks also.
5	My boyfriend and I absolutely loved this place! We stayed at the Luxor for a week and went all over Vegas. This is the only restaurant we went to twice during our stay.The food was spectacular. Delicious, everything complimented everything else, the flavors were nuanced and delicate yet bursting with flavor. What a treat! It was really 5-star gourmet food at pretty reasonable prices. The decor is very inviting and modern, with an Asian flair and contemporary flourish. It feels like you are inside, then outside, then inside with so many circular rooms with various degrees of walls, ceilings, and interspersed light fixtures. It is very classy. Singapore Noodles -- THE BEST! So delicious! They made me a vegetarian version without the pork and shrimp, but with tofu. Aaaaamazing! A touch of curry, exquisitely seasoned. Magnifique!My boyfriend had the Frek En Good Sushi Roll and loved it. The seafood soup (with squid, etc. was another of his favorites. The mango/avocado sushi roll was great too as a vegetarian option.And the drinks were wonderful, from the wine to the "Sexy Lady" cocktail (!) and the delicate green tea with honey. So soothing after a delectable meal.Finally, customer service was outstanding both times we went. I read another review and feel bad for the customer who seems to have been treated rudely. This was not our experience, however. We had courteous, attentive, amazing waiters both times. And the hostess made the awesome food recommendations! Also, being a same-sex couple, we felt welcomed and celebrated, not judged or awkward as is the case too often, unfortunately. One time the food was a bit slow because the sushi bar was packed and that held up our order. But this minor wait didn't matter because we thoroughly enjoyed our experience otherwise. 5 STARS!!!!
3	The husband and I decided to stop by here for an appetizer before we headed off to the Bodies and Titanic Exhibit.The decor was really nice with a modern flare.  We sat in what was like a rotunda with drapes along the side.  I really like the ambiance and the restaurant was full but not too noisy and I could still enjoy a good conversation.We split a caterpillar roll was was okay - but not anything memorable and had half roasted duck with a side of white rice.  I thought the duck was cooked very well and just the perfect amount of seasoning.  The meat was tender and skin slightly crispy but not too much.  It came with hoison sauce and rice paper.Husband had the sake sangria and said it was "just okay" but quite strong. I took a sip and if they just added a little more, as might as well call it a martini.Overall I do have to say that the service was really good and waitress checked up on us but not in an annoying way  to make sure everything was sufficient.  Would still like to come back to try more dishes!I did remember overhearing another couple at a nearby table exclaim "what? $8 for a friggen miso soup?" hmmm I didn't try the miso soup but it hope it's worth the $8!
5	This place really surprised me! We had tickets to Carrot Top and didn't have a ton of time to wander around and the food court at Luxor looked very mehh so we headed over to have some sushi.We ordered the hot dang roll, yellowtail sushi and hong kong noodles. The roll was good and the sushi was amazing, so buttery, I wished I had ordered more sushi instead of the roll.The noodles tasted a lot like something I get here at home for around $6 instead of $18 but hey, it's Vegas on the strip and they were really good. It has a lot of flavor, veggies, shrimp and pork.I saw some reviews about bad service but we had no problems at all.I would definitely recommend this place!
4	Pad Thai was great...i think it was $18. It took a while to get it after I ordered it though...only complaint.
4	Good portions, flavorful food, prices ok, if you're not a huge eater you'll have some for the next morning. Had the General Tso's Chicken, Mapo Tofu, and Veg Fried Rice. All were very pleasing, the Chicken was pretty mild for a "Spicy" dish, but was otherwise excellent, and came with nice Jasmine rice.The atmosphere was good, not too dark or bright, although the table we were seated at was little low in relation to the seats. The service was good, considering that we came in just before closing, I have no complaints.Protip: Have some hot sake for a nice appetizer
2	If you don't want to drop a lot of money on Asian cuisine in a luxury hotel, Rice and Company is a good choice.If you want to drop some money on Asian cuisine in a luxury hotel and be ignored by a staff of three while sitting at the bar by yourself to the point where you wonder if there's a shortage of drinking water and bills for your food in Las Vegas, Rice and Company is also a good choice. The funniest part? After pushing my empty dishes away and sitting in my seat with a card in an outstretched hand for nearly 10 minutes, I couldn't wait and had to use the bathroom. So I tried an experiment. I left my phone and the card barely peeking out from my book, which I draped over both items. After I returned from the bathroom, a server took it upon himself to lecture me on the dangers of leaving phones and cards unattended. And then I waited for my tab for another 10 minutes. Clearly, nobody at Rice and Company is planning to steal your belongings, or even handle them with your consent. But they will rip you off as far as your time. It's a pity, because the fried rice I brought back to my room as leftovers was mighty tasty in the morning. I probably should have saved myself nearly half an hour and done the dine and dash.
3	Came here for dinner before a show and was seated right away. Our server was Reina and she is fabulous. We had the WICKED ROLL which was not as full flavored as I had imagined after reading the ingredients on the menu. The MONGOLIAN BEEF was excellent. The BEEF CHOW FUN was very tasty. They have fantastic dessert choices. We had the CaramelIzed Cheese Cake with Passion fruit center and mango bits on the side, Green tea & Chocolate gelato. All so good. Came back the next night just for dessert.This is a very pretty place to eat.
2	It's not enough to inspire me to change the star rating on my review, but it is worth noting that David, the General Manager of Rice and Company, contacted me to express his concern and regret about the lack of service I received on my visit. That's the kind of attention to customers I would have liked while I was at the restaurant. Maybe there will be some kind of trickle down effect, or whatever the economic term might be, but doubtful I'll volunteer to test that firsthand the next time I'm in town.
2	This place really deserves one star, but it is salvaged by the incredible service from Mindy who hails from DC. This is the blandest, most vanilla and unappetizing Chinese I've ever had. To boot, it was INCREDIBLY expensive.  Despite the ambiance and the trendiness, avoid at all cost! This makes another terrible meal in Vegas.
1	On a positive point, the trendy decor created an inviting feel, however the wait staff seemed indifferent.  What? Sixteen dollars for a lettuce wrap appetizer?  What's with the hip hop and dance tunes cranked up? Not very Zen.  We selected Chinese dishes at $25+ each and received them plopped on a plate with a bowl of rice on side.  How original and creative!  There wasn't enough to share, and we didn't receive extra plates, so we found ourselves forced to plop the rice on top of the entree.  The mediocre food quality topped off the less than memorable experience.  This is Vegas and mediocre just doesn't cut it.  I've honestly had better food, service, and less obnoxious music at any PF Chang's
1	Perfectly clean and nice decor, but the food is bland, boring, and ridiculously over priced! Was in the Luxor to see a show and hunger crept up on us. We should have known better. Sushi was flavorless. Pot-stickers were okay, but nothing special. Crab salad had a really weird texture and was floating in mayo-- Gross! I did have some kind of cucumber-sake drink-- definitely the highlight of my meal. Better have, since it was $14. Crazy.
4	I heard about this place from a friend of mine and decided to check it out. I really liked their Noodles and the chicken dishes. The soup was good too and so was the sushi. The service was really prompt and we were lucky to not have to wait for our table. Overall, a good experience.
2	I so wanted to be impressed by Rice & Co.  Not only is it a favorite of some dear friends but it was on Food Network!Unfortunately, the food was mediocre at best and the service was atrocious.  Our server said they were known for their sushi.  Both the Mad Dragon and the Philly roll we had were flavorless and boring.She also raved about their Peking Duck.  Granted I compare all Peking Duck to the duck at Peking Gourmet and that is a high bar.  But this was overcooked, greasy, and the serving was downright silly.  They folded the pancakes up to make it pretty but that ended up tearing each pancake, making them impossible to roll.  They only gave 6 pancakes for a whole duck then charged $5 for additional pancakes!We also had the Orange Peel chicken, nice flavor but barely any chicken on the plate.  The Shrimp Tempura appetizer only had three shrimp on it.  Granted it had two onion rings, two asparagus, and two sweet potato pieces, but they should call it a tempura platter or a mixed tempura platter because the shrimp were definitely outnumbered and not the star of the dish.I'm giving them 2 stars instead of one because of the cleanliness of the restaurant and the tastiness of the mango gelato.We paid $180 for the above with no alcoholic beverages, in fact three of us just had water.  So as another had posted, if you want to spend your money on overpriced, tasteless food with non-existent service then DEFINITELY come here.  Otherwise don't bother.
1	When I drop $180 on dinner, I kind of expect a few things.I want my waitress to pay attention to my order, get things right, and not try to disappear off for a smoke break if someone hesitates for a moment while placing their order. When I'm told that you have the best sushi on the strip, and said sushi contains a tempura-fried shrimp, I expect it not to be soggy with oil which clearly hasn't been changed since the place was built.When I order the Peking Duck, I expect the legs not to be burned to in-edibility. I expect it not to be covered in grease. I expect to get enough little pancakes to make several duck rolls out of a whole duck, and not be charged an extra $5 for a few more of them. I expect a Philly roll to use FRESH salmon, not the smoked shit I get in bulk at Costco. When I pay out the ass for dinner, I expect to be wowed. I was not.
4	I came here around 9:30pm for a late dinner with a friend. We ordered up a ton of food-- a couple sushi rolls/sashimi and curry noodle dish for both of us to share. This was more than enough food. We definitely weren't able to finish all of it, but it was all super tasty. A bottle of unfiltered sake and a large Sapporo to share was the way to go. The waiter even brought us out another delicious sake sample to try, on the house. He was awesome. I really appreciated the attentive service here, and the personable staff. The manager came out several times to make sure we were enjoying are meal. A very enjoyable experience all around.
2	Boring, expensive sushi... Ordered the Spider ($13), Yes Grasshopper ($17) and Sexy Lady ($17) rolls.The Spider tasted like the typical spider rolls you can get from anywhere.The Yes Grasshopper had a very odd flavor? Can't really explain it... but soapy?!? The only thing I enjoyed from this roll was the asparagus in the middle. The Sexy Lady was the best out of the three rolls. I really liked the seaweed salad, crab and spicy tuna in it. A fairly refreshing roll.
4	Nice atmosphere, reasonable prices for Vegas, better sushi than I've had in Chicago, worth the stop
1	Hey Rice and Company,Thanks for the extremely long wait for flavorless food! I just wanted something simple and filling, so I picked chicken fried rice. Simple enough, right?  Well, my dish was overly simple and lacked seasoning... its like you put frozen veggies, chopped some onions and chicken, and warmed up some mushy rice with it.  I paid for two table-spoonfuls of "fried rice" for $20.  Waste. of. money.
4	We were looking to get in and out of somewhere quick because we had Chriss Angel tickets (bleh). Rice and Company was not busy at all, and near the Believe theatre so we decided that was the place to go. There were six of us and we all loved it. I'm kind of surprised by all of the negative reviews. First of all we were seated right away as they were not busy at all. Our server as attentive and very helpful. I love sushi and when I started reading the descriptions in the menu, I couldn't decide what to get. It all sounded amazing. I got the philadelphia roll because I love salmon and I'd never had cream cheese with sushi before. My brother-in-law got the Sexy Lady. We shared and they were both outstanding. I was completely in love with the philadelphia roll. I'm a huge fan of wasabi and it was amazing combined with the flavor of the cream cheese. So good! The Sexy Lady was so good too. Amazing flavor combinations. My husband had the kung pao chicken and enjoyed it. I had a few bites and was impressed because it was just the right amount of spicey without overpowering the dish. I lived in Japan for 9 years and Rice & Company was the best sushi I've had. Or maybe I've just been in the states too long now (since 2007) and I've become acclimated to the mediocre sushi places here and so Rice & Company stands out. Whatever the reason, I loved the two varieties I tried and cannot wait to go back to try more. But seeing as their prices are crazy expensive, I won't be going back soon and that is the reason I gave four stars.
4	For a restaurant in the smack dab of a huge busy hotel I was pleasantly surprised with the service. We started off with a large Sapporo and a bottle of unfiltered sake. The waiter did a quick drive by to give us additional sake to try out for free, it was awesome!Snagged some sushi and noodles and had a nice full meal before going out on the town. This is a great spot if you want to snag a quick table (the bar tables are perfect if it's you and one other person, in and out!). I also recommend Jalea (sp?) nearby.
1	Average for the strip, which unfortunately is pretty poor. Decor: typical higher end for strip restaurant. Sushi bar area and lounge area in addition to dining and area. Dress: CasualQuality: Cut and appearance is above average.Price: High end ($50 per person, not including drinks)Food: Other than presentation, the food is exceedingly average in taste which is unfortunate. Normally I've give it two stars, but for the price I have to drop it to one. The only bright spot was the dessert.  Excellent presentation and flavorful. Staff: Some appear a bit clueless, others are very attentive.
2	The worst sushi in Vegas.  Overly creative, poorly executed reinvention, or a clueless chef?  Take your pick.  The rice - chewy, almost cooked, well seasoned, so densely molded it's almost mochi.  The seafood - limited with several high end selections out of stock or replaced by imitation.The specialty rolls - A disaster.  Seriously?  Breaded shrimp for tempura, breaded and deep fried unagi (consistency of cold, fatty, chicken skin), rolls half stuffed with cream cheese, and imitation crab when the menu say real crab (hard to take when the roll is $17).  Finally, just because you were featured on a show about spicy food does not mean that a killer hot sauce should be drizzled on everything.  Ack!Outright avoid the Fre Kin Gud, Crazy Mad Dragon, Wal Eye Knee, Yes Grasshopper, and Sexy Lady.Service is laughable (remember, the glass is always half full).  On one visit, I asked the bartender for his recommendations and was told "I don't eat fish".  After staring dumbfounded for a minute he adds "I'm a meat and potatoes kind of guy".  How about a 45 minute wait for my starter (uni nigiri) only to be told it sold out.  Follow that up with a 10 minute wait for soy sauce delivered by an angry server who literally growled at the bartender "It's your job to give him soy sauce!"  In her defense, she did move one seat over before berating him.  Limited wine list, small selection of trendy sake, inventive cocktails.  Vegas resort pricing.Maybe the Chinese food they prepare is better but after just three visits, I'm not willing to be that guinea pig.Note:  Added a star to their rating for the manager handling of my complaint and a long time bartender who mixed great cocktails and delivered excellent service.
5	We went to Rice & Company for the purpose of my husband taking on the Fire Breathing Dragon roll--the hottest sushi roll they make.  After a warm-up with the Wicked Roll (which was made extra hot to "warm up" my husband before he took on the FBD roll) we quickly realized this restaurant was beyond talented. The staff was just incredible! From our first interraction with the manager who absolutely made us feel welcome to our waiter the service was A+. I don't eat sushi so I enjoyed beautiful shrimp tempura as an appetizer followed with Mongolian Beef which I will tell you has some kick to it.  The tempura green beans were so delicious and the beef in my main course was super-tender and flavorful!Back to the sushi--my husband enjoyed his Wicked Roll and we both were very pleased with the visual presentation and the skills we observed by our sushi master.  After finishing the last little morsel from the Wicked Roll we enjoyed the show of the creation of the Fire Breathing Dragon roll.  Since my husband doesn't eat fried food the sushi master replaced it with eel which was beautiful.  This roll features spicy crab meat, two chopped jalapenos, chopped ghost chili peppers and is topped with BOTH a habanero pepper sauce AND a ghost pepper sauce and finished with a flourish of, get this, Pop Rocks!  Long story short this officially became the hottest food item my husband has ever eaten.  Within a few minutes of him eating the first piece he could no longer feel his tongue.  After a few more pieces his lips and entire mouth was a bit numb and by the time he finished his throat was numb and yet he still felt the burn the whole time.  I swear, I don't understand WHY he wanted to take it on but he swears it was amazing and delicious.  All I know is visually it was beautiful and the overall experience was definitely a memory we will enjoy for quite some time to come!
2	I should have figured that our experience was not going to go well after we asked the hostess to find us a table for 3 and she was less than interested in helping us - more interested in her hair and nails. We did score a table within 5 minutes so things were looking up - our server Jimmy was great and attentive (this was the good) - from there things went quickly downhill. We ordered sushi as an appetizer - took quite awhile to get that dish - finally arrived and was just OK not great for the price. Next we waited a very long awkward amount of time for our meal - I mean like 40 minutes for Chinese food was way out of line - gourmet food maybe but this food is not gourmet and overpriced to boot. Overall - rude hostess - good server - long wait for mediocre food that is over priced - big thumbs down. Sorry!
5	This was fantastic!!!! I have been traveling with a non sushi guy for 2 weeks and was craving sushi pretty bad. Great sushi, great service, and great food!!!! I had a recommendation from our server ( mostly tuna), spicy tuna roll ( my standard) an sashimi and all fresh- even as late as we ate. My buddy had some spicy chicken- don't know the name of it but he loved it... and he's a Brit ( they're never happy!!!) and noodles and this was my favorite dinner while in Vegas for 3 days. The service was spot on, and they customized the dish for my guest so have to say thumbs up. Everything is pricey in Vegas so I won't bitch about prices or  you end up at Mc Ds... The Luxor may not be that nice any more, but I'd go out of my way to hit Rice and Company just for the Sushi!!!!! Satisfied customer!!!!!!
2	My family and I decided to go to this restaurant, purely because it was convenient, but it also looked like a good place for bigger groups. We ordered a couple rolls and some entrees like the Mongolian beef. We were all starving and anxious for our food, luckily it came out fairly quickly. We ordered the Hot Dang, Spider, Crazy Mad Dragon and a couple more I don't recall. I was very unimpressed with the sushi. (The Mongolian Beef was good, but not sure how you can go wrong with that.) The rolls weren't terrible, but I definitely had better at a much lower cost. The wasabi was a greater disappointment. It looked like play-doh and had zero flavor. The entire dinner was a disappointment, but the service was great, besides the fact that our waters were never refilled.
2	Not sure why I intuitively hold fancy restaurants in the middle of big casinos to such a high standards.  When I see $$$, I expect to be wowed.  The food quality did not match the price tag.  There was nothing special or unique about the presentation of the food.  The only wow factor is that they charge $9 for miso soup and $12 for two pieces of salmon.  You can get far better food for way less money.  Though we did not order any of the sushi rolls, they seemed relatively creative as far as sushi rolls go.  The staff was helpful and pleasant and the food came fairly promptly.  They focused on trying to sell us all of the spicy sushi rolls.  I am guessing this is a specialty for them.  Glad to see that other Yelpers have had somewhat better experiences.
2	Meh is right.  We sat up at the bar so we could watch football on their 2 TV's there.I will say the bar staff is very friendly/attentive and will try to strike up a conversation with you. The music, surprisingly, was really good. The decor is right on for a higher end sushi place that also boosts a very nice selection of moderately priced Sake [me=fan].  Got a bottle of sake for under $40 700 ML #score.Ordered a spicy tuna roll first to share as an appetizer. It was rather bland for me. Definitely needed more spice, rice was a little underdone for me, and overall lacked the depth of flavor I would've necessarily associate with a "spicy tuna roll".  It got a D in my book.  Asked the bartender his favorites he said "Hong Kong noodles" {under $20}. Looked it up has a mixture of pork, shrimp, chicken with lots of veggies on top of noodles. OK so I order it [no mushrooms please-they gross me out] and my friend orders Sesame Chicken which comes with Jasmine or Brown Rice, he goes with the latter choice.Comes out looks...OK.  Tastes very bland but salty??? WTH?!  So I ask for some Sriracha that should help it....meeeeeh maybe not.  And then I found a couple random mushrooms hiding in there- grossie! So not my favorite meal. I gave it a DSesame Chicken was MUCH better but it's fried Chicken in a sticky brown sauce with brown rice, how could one really mess this up?  I gave that one a solid B [it was better than mine].  Total bill for 1 roll, 2 entrees, and sake $88 w/out tip.So what this place really needs to work on is their food and for a restaurant in Las Vegas, that's a tall order!!!
3	Mongolian beef is good.  Garlic shrimp bland.If you ask for extra rice, it counts as a side just FYI.They are not too attentive once the food comes to the table. However, I did like the manager walking around. That's always appreciated. Too bad it wasn't a little later in our meal when we couldn't flag anyone down.
3	This restaurant has a great deal on a three course meal and tickets to the show Fantasy. I wish I had seen that before buying my tickets but I mention it only so you have an option to get a great meal and show for one price.The food was flavorful and fresh. It was delivered two minutes after we ordered it so they were also freaky fast.Our server was polite and knowledgeable on the menu and I truely enjoyed his recommendation. I wont even fault him for stumbling and spilling one of our drinks and not offering to replace it or remove it from our bill. I still tipped well and only took away one star for that.The other star was for playing pop music in an Asian restaurant. It just ruined the whole Asian ambience they had obviously worked so hard to incorporate into the restaurant. Its a good place to eat and this Yelper gives it two thumbs up!
4	We were in Las Vegas for granddaughter's 21st birthday.  We were all tired from a busy day yet wanted to eat a nice meal and didn't want to go far.   The restaurant is in the Luxor which is where we stayed.  The meal was really delightful.    The service was incredible.  Food server was David.  He was knowledgeable about the food, but also gave pointers about places to go and what to do in Las Vegas.  Even if I wasn't staying at Luxor I would go back to this restaurant.
4	Great sushi, amazing duck, and pretty tasty Mongolian beef. Waaaay overpriced, but the service was pretty good and the food was really lovely. You could easily do worse on the strip.
1	Hands down the worst sushi I have ever ate.The rice was not cooked properly, the rolls were all open in the back and the final taste, at the end, well, was....terrible.
3	When it comes down to sushi and sashimi I go crazy. I am such a big fan of asian cuisine that my own family wonders if I am the reincarnation of some awesome samurai/ninja/karate master  (well at least that's how it goes in my head) .Lets start with the strong points..and the first one is...THE FOOD!  Big portions, not much rice ..man it was perfect. The UNI was out of control awesome.The sashimi pieces were generous as well. And the rolls were good and had just enough rice to satisfy but not overpower the rest of the ingredients.We also decided to try the duck and Im glad we did. It was delicious! Not dry at all , not too greasy ..just right. We also added the crab and lobster cakes.. Guys if you go there, order those FOR SURE. What an experience on the flavor!Location is kinda...well..weird.. Its far from both parkings..you are techlincally in the middle between Mandalay and luxor so the walk if you (like me ) park at the main mandalay structure can be a little too long and confusingFor some reason, the rolls and sashimi took a little too long to come out, and when I say a little too long I mean like 45 minutes.. Really takes that long to cut fish?Our server was great and our busser was incredible. Water level was always above half and both as a team were super friendly.In conclusion, this is def a very good spot..Can get pricy but not as bad as other places. And if you like uni..give it a try here.
3	We received a coupon from the Luxor for $30 off so we decided to go ahead a use it.  Its a very romantic setting, my husband thought it was a little too dark though.  He ordered the teriyaki chicken with a house salad.  He said it was good but he really liked the salad.  I ordered some sushi and the chicken fried rice.  It wasn't the best sushi Ive ever eaten, but it was pretty good. The rice was delicious and I found myself craving it later on.
3	This restaurant is located inside the Luxor hotel. My husband and I was looking for non-buffet food at a reasonable price. We went around 6pm and it was not very busy. We made reservations, but that was unnecessary. The atmosphere was nice and quiet. Our server was very nice and knowledgable of the sushi and menu. I ordered the Pad Thai noodles. They were delicious! I ate every bite. My husband got the Sexy Lady roll and the Hot Dang roll. He said it was very good, but not the best sushi he's eaten. Not a bad place to eat. The prices aren't too outrageous and the food is good.
4	I'll say this....the extremely mixed reviews made me nervous.However, our experience turned out to be absolutely wonderful!  We had a $30 off coupon from staying at the Luxor, so that made this place even more appealing.  We ordered vegetable fried rice, teriyaki chicken, and the house salad.  Everything was actually really great.  The teriyaki chicken was probably some of the best I have ever had.  It was tender and flavorful.  The salad and rice were both excellent as well.I subtracted one star because this place is absurdly expensive.  For our three items (no drinks) our total was $48.  This meal was great, but not $48 great.  This meal was, however, definitely worth the $18 that we actually paid given the $30 coupon.The price is my only complaint.  The setting, food, and service was all awesome.  I would definitely recommend.
5	Fantastic meal and service. Only wish we had room for desert as it looked good too! I had one of the rolls and the others in my group had sushi, fried chicken and mandarin chicken. Everything was delicious!!!!
4	Great sushi at decent prices! We stayed last week at the Excalibur and wanted a nice sushi dinner. We were lucky enough to get a 20$ dining credit with our hotel reservation and wanted to use it here. We went on a weekday and got seated right away. Great ambiance! Very sexy and romantic. I tried the Rice and Co. Dragon Martini which was WONDERFUL! Made with fresh strawberries MMMmmMM. We ordered the calamari which was DELISH. So perfectly cooked and great dipping sauces. We ordered 2 rolls which now I can't remember their names!! But one had eel and cream cheese and another had spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail. Both were very fresh and delicious. We really enjoyed it and seriously spent as much money on the food as we would have at home. For sure a place to check out if you are not on a "living large"  Vegas budget but want excellent sushi!
4	Craving sushi and checked this out after getting a recommendation for a friend - and it was great! The service was very good - so if you have a special occasion you can trust Rice & Co to not ruin your night out. I had the Wicked Roll and it was very fresh. Also tried the Fukin Good - I think I'm messing up this name. Check out the menu if you love sushi. The rolls are really creative.
1	Being from NY and used to my corner store Chinese food, paying prices such as $9 for egg drop soup is difficult. Hotel food is down right horrible.
2	$35 for one beer, one spicy tuna roll, and one bowl of pork noodles. i was expecting a gourmet feast. at least the beer was consistently good. prices must be driven by real estate (inside of the luxor) because it had nothing to do with the demand.the two stars it received is for the decor -- which can only be described as modern cheap -- and the excellent service. my waitress was great. the other stars it did NOT receive is because the spicy tuna roll was old as in stale rice. not to mention, the pork in the noodles was much like those cartoon characters you see eating an old shoe out of hunger.did not have great vibes about this place... but whatever. i had to spend that $30 voucher somewhere.
2	We actually got a combination of Japanese Sushi and Chinese dishes like lettuce wrap (excellent), Mapo tofu (nice and spicy), pot stickers, (meaty but I've tasted better), and garlic chicken (excellent).  The food was really good and the service was good too. The ambiance. Is pleasant and tables are separated by an acceptable distance, but there is cigarette smoke that finds its way into the dining area. If somehow the smell of cigarette smoke could be kept out, that would be great. But alas, we're in Vegas...smoking everywhere. Makes the food taste a little subpar...sorry!
3	I like to admit that this was my first visit to this eatery. I feel the prices are way to overpriced. It's a trendy hangout for the Vegas tourist crowd. I'd give this plaxe a solid 3 with very little to offer in the way of flavor to the food. This is the typical tourist trap place if your looking for one.
2	It's not a bad restaurant, if you want some really good sushi go somewhere else, but if you don't feel like finding another place then I would eat here.  I had the dragon martini, which I wouldn't recommend.
1	Had the displeasure of eating a meal at the bar at this place. There is only one thing worse than bland and pricey food - it is having to put up with the trash talking "homies" behind the bar. I had to endure the profanity, ogling and commenting on women walking by the restaurant and obscene comments on womens gymnastics. Just serve the food and the customers. Nice looking venue, pity about the food and staff - Pass.Kind of sums up Luxor really.
2	Not sure how exactly to handle this...The food I had at this fancy-ish Las Vegas casino Asian joint was VERY sub-par.  I had the 8 piece nigiri sushi with spicy tuna roll on the side.  What can I say about bad sushi?  The fish was slimy and way too soft to ever be considered fresh.  The rice was regular chinese style long grain rice, with not a hint of vinegar whatsoever.  The cuts of fish were large, but what good was that when the quality was so very very low.Service, on the other hand, delivered in spades.  The wait staff really knows what they're doing - the perfect amount of checking up on you and leaving you alone to enjoy your food.  Top notch service - a crying shame the sushi was so terrible.I'd give it just one star, but I bumped it up 1 for the great service.  A beautiful little spot inside the aging Luxor pyramid - but I'd stay far away from the sushi offerings.  Price wise, it was a ripoff - my 8 pieces of nigiri with spicy tuna roll on the side and 1 small beer was in the $43 range- $50 with tip included.  For that price, I'd head to one of the many Asian buffets off the strip for better food.
1	Overpriced, even for Vegas. Two entrees that were very greasey and had no better quality then Panda Express, came out to 52 dollars. If you want fried rice or any side along with you entree, it costs 15 dollars. All entrees just come with a meat, and are priced between 19-30 dollars. So if you want a "complete meal", do the math and see how absurd their prices are.They were under staffed, it took 15 minutes for us to get the check. The waiter asks you right off the bat "still or mineral water". We assumed "still" meant regular water, but it was actually just a ploy for you to spend 12 dollars on water in a glass container. Make sure you clarify you want ice water or soda water.Overall, I've been to Vegas over 40 times, and this had to be the worst restaurant I have eaten at. I feel cheated for the money I spent, all I got was an old waiter who was serving the entire restaurant and Panda Express quality food.
1	Oh no you didn't!You can tell when casino restaurants purposefully give out food credits for their in house restaurants so they can swindle you! This is definitely one of those places. 4 people with a $40 credit still ends up costing about $60 per person! Sorry, I'd rather have steak, prime rib, lobster, and king crabs anywhere else in Vegas for $20 less.Now about the food,While not horrible, not great either."Chinese-Thai" food:Mongolian Beef was tasty, but the portion was very small.Pad Thai, it tasted ok, the noodles weren't quite right and again the portion was very smallSushi:It was ok, portions were small as well for the price.We did end up discovering one of the reasons our bill was so high.We ordered miso soup for all 4 ppl.They charged us $9 per miso soup. That's almost $40 for miso soup. It was again just ok, but a bit cold, and no miso soup anywhere should cost $9 a bowl!Furthermore, I'm pretty sure the waitress knew that and still chose to play the, "you didn't ask" card to escape culpability. This is just shady waitress! You know very well nobody would accept $9/miso soup, and you could have informed us when we ordered. You tried to pull a fast one. You did pull a fast one on us. Shame on you!I even mentioned it at the end, and you just acted like you didn't hear me. Scam artists!
3	We stayed at the Luxor and they gave a coupons to eat at restaurants within the resort. So we tried this place on a Tuesday night and ordered1. Beef Chow fun - 182. Orange chicken with Jasmine Rice - 23for $14.89 (Used $20 dining credit for the coupon book and a $10 voucher for staying the night)- I can sum up the taste in 2 words: Pei Wei. - Exquisite dining and service. Very courteous and talkative. - Come with a coupon and experience fine dining with fast food flavor!
3	Rice & Co has many asian food options, but we ordered sushi. It's a nice looking trendy place with a higher end feel, but our server lacked knowledge about the food or sake. Prices are high for merely okay sushi. They did offer a few roll choices with tobiko, which was nice to see, and they have a good sake selection. Decent, but there are better choices if you're craving sushi in Vegas
1	The hostess told me it would be a 15 to 25 minute wait for 5 people on a Monday night.  Restaurant was about 30% full.  We waited every second of 25 minutes.I don't mind paying $50 per person when the food is worth it, and I don't mind paying $7 per person when the food is edible.  That being said, we were lured here by a coupon for a $20 credit as well as a false advertisement stating that their food was $15 or less - bullshit.  The only menu items that are less than $15 are soup at $9 and side items at $9 - even the iced tea is $4, and when you have to ask for sugar three times, it isn't all that sweet.The server was dreadful.  Refills were a lost artform here.  It took about half an hour for 3 entrees (we have 3 children so we share) while nobody could be found for refills.  Then the food came.The chefs here must have been mathemeticians in their previous career, because they perfectly multiplied the portion of each entree by 2, and divided the seasonings by 4 meticulously before preparing our dinner.Chicken Fried Rice - the most flavorful of the three entrees, and that is not a compliment.  The rice looked barely fried, the chicken cooked incredibly soft, as if a study was done to see the point immediately after chicken is no longer considered raw and this chicken found it's way onto the plate - I'm not a fan of chicken cooked this way.Orange Chicken - terrible.  The chicken was so soft and though it looked like the breading would be crunchy, it too was incredibly soft - soft like oatmeal (imagine that).  The sauce was okay, as were the gigantic, not in any way inconspicuous, chunks of cheap vegetables like red pepper and celery through which you might search to find 1 snow pea.Pad Thai Noodles - oily and flavorless - as if boiled in a reddish food dye and canola.  The best item we ate was the side of white rice with soy sauce, that was great.The ambiance is nice, modern, cliche and clean.  That's why this place got 1 star instead of the turkey.Bill was $80 for those 3 entrees and 4 iced teas.  It was audacious and I felt embarassed, like I was expecting Gordon Ramsay any minute to come out and apologize and invite us back for the grand reopening.  I will never step foot into the Luxor again - that's how terrible this restaurant is.
5	A little pricey but the food and atmosphere was nice, we also were able to use our Luxor coupon towards the restaurant. My only complaint is there is always at least a ten minute wait to be seated. I had a mango crab salad the first night and Alaskan roll while my wife had a mango and avocado roll and spring rolls. All of it was excellent, so much so we went back again a night or so later. My wife really enjoyed the tomato and avocado roll and dragon fly/strawberry martini. This was our favorite restaurant in Vegas. Good stuff!
1	This place is a scam for people who thinks Panda Express is real Chinese food.  This place is horrible.  SO basically, the menu is divided by half Japanese food and half Chinese food.  Their food is so gross and they charged so much for a dish.  We ordered their garlic chicken and there were barely any chicken in there.  Totally over-priced and so not worth it.I also ordered their Sake Sangaria... OMG, it was the worst drink ever.  You know what it tasted like?  Pineapple juice.  The best part about the drink is the fruits that they throw in the glass.  That's exactly what I told the waiter.  And their service is just lousy.  I am not sure if they tried to be all fancy.  The hostess takes you to the table and they handed you the drink menu only.  We waited forever for the waiter to bring us the main menu.  Then we waited forever to get silverware  and napkins and we waited forever for the waiter to come back to take our order.  Overall, my take is this.  We don't mind paying $$$ when it comes to food.... IF IT'S WORTH IT.  Horrible experience and horrible over-priced food.  It sure makes me appreciate Panda Express so much more.
3	We enjoyed our dinner and appetizer when dining.  We had lettuce wraps and the Hong Kong Noodles and everything was flavorful and fresh.  If you are going to dine here and staying at the Luxor, take advantage of using your food credit coupon from the book they gave you at check in.
5	Don't miss the fire breathing dragon roll!!!!  Habanaro and ghost pepper never tasted so good...
3	"Eat rice, drink tea, slurp noodles, stay healthy".  Maybe.Accept this about all Asian restaurants on the Strip:1)  Prices are 2x-3x higher than your local joint.2)  Portions are smaller but prettier.3)  Flavors are not authentic.4)  Specialty drinks are delicious.5)  Service is excellent.Straight to it, the food.  It's properly cooked by Western standards.  Veg in stir fries are still crisp and vibrant, deep fried chicken still moist, and scallops tender not rubber balls.  Seasonings and flavors are loosely Asian but are subdued and for the uninitiated.  Don't expect undertones of sweet, fermented fish sauce or umame charged fermented black beans.  The subdued flavors do work better with their creative mixed drinks.Skip the everyday items or risk leaving upset at the price (miso soup at $9, beef broccoli at $25).  Opt for the extravagant.  The lobster tail in ginger onion soy glaze is good.  Correctly cooked.  The simple earthy soy does enhance the sweetness of the lobster and the ginger adds zest.  The togarashi rubbed seared ahi with a miso lime sauce is very good.The only serious fault remains the sushi.  Questionable freshness.  The Uni, off color and fishy.  The sweet shrimp, slightly ammoniated and tacky mouth feel.  Creative rolls still miss the mark.  Over sauced, unbalanced flavors, bizarre cooking techniques.  Is the chef so vain he can't try one of the many AYCE joints and see how Vegas style sushi is done?  Face it, asking a Chinese chef to prepare Japanese sushi is the same as asking a Italian pizza cook to make dim sum.To the credit of management, service problems have been correct.  Everyone is familiar with the menu and can describe dishes.  Bar staff who float ask regular staff before making recommendations.Standard Asian beers.  Fairly priced introductory sakes.  Want authentic national and regional Asian cuisines, look off the Strip.  Looking for some great cocktails and correctly cooked "Asian" inspired food Rice and Company modestly delivers.
2	Ordered Salmon roll. Rice was hard and dry. I could also buy the same thing at 7eleven for 4.99. Not a good first impression.
2	used our luxor coupon. both chinese entrees were pretty unimaginative.. exact same red/green peppers, onions and pretty undercooked.
4	the only reason i didn't give five stars is because my server didn't refill my water...  other than that, the food and ambiance was great.  I am a sushi/oriental food connoisseur...  dragon roll was off the hook, the peking duck was very tasty, tender yet buttery...  yum...  they even went out of their way to make my softshell crab my way.
5	Swanky kind of place which is located inside Luxor. Love their motif. Very classy, dark. Can be romantic. The prices are pretty high. Average sushi/rolls are $20-$30. Average entree is about $35-$40.  I ordered the Chop Chop Bang Bang roll. It's pretty cool and something that I have never seen done before. They actually added POP ROCKS so you will get that popping sensation in every bite. I think it compliments the flavor (blue crab, cucumber, tempura crunch, shrimp, avocado, spicy mayo). The great thing about my experience at least was our $20 restaurant coupon. Don't let the prices discourage you though. If you want fresh sushi with a different twist, i suggest you check this place out.
3	This place is actually pretty good, I just have a problem with their prices in relation to what they're serving. Their food is common americanized Asian fare along with a sushi selection. The entrees are similar to what you would find at a nice Asian fusion restaurant such as PF Changs, but it's way overpriced. For example General Tso's Chicken is about $23! Once our food arrived, it was tasty and the staff is very nice, although service was a little slow considering how many servers there were and the restaurant was not very packed. We were staying at the Excalibur and had a $20 food and beverage credit so we used it here. I would only come back if I had similar comp because this place is just too expensive for what you get. The good thing is we didn't leave hungry, so the portions at least are pretty reasonable.
5	Wow what an amazing place. Great food and great environment.  Our waitress Raina was super nice and very helpful. I definitely recommend this place.
1	Very disappointing even with the $20 coupon for being a Luxor guest. "Spicy" string beans were extremely bland. Waitress was surprised when I wanted a better implement than a kitchen knife for applying the plum sauce to my Peking Duck. Not sure where in China (or the U.S. for that matter) they would not use a small spoon for this but according to the waitress a knife is the proper implement. Even the white rice was poorly prepared. There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.
4	Pretty yummy place, got the orange chicken , stir fry veggies, and yang chow rice. All were delicious but I want too crazy about the orange chicken. Overall great experience. Will come again :)
2	if you come here make sure you get the special $20 dollar discount. otherwise this restaurant would have gotten a 1. I got the Singapore noodles and for a $23+ meal it tasted bland and ordinary. the only way I was able to give it flavor was put loads of soy sauce and sriracha sauce on it. A good meal doesn't need any additives and a GREAT meal should do it for you already. really disappointed because the place looks nice.Other negatives include:*no happy hour*small bar TV*extremely overpriced normal foodPro's*nice staff*clean atmosphere*cliquish enviroment
3	We couldn't make up our minds as where to eat after the Michael Jackson ONE show on Sunday night.  Wandered over to Rice and Company and looked inviting.  Looked roomy and not too crowded and decided to give it a shot.Expected to seated right away since it was not too busy, but still had to wait about 15m+ to get a table.  There weren't any seats while we waited, just a ledge to lean against.  The hostess was also not the most inviting person to be making first impressions to customers.The food we ordered (took a bit to come out) was quite good.  Beef & Broccoli, Mongolian Beef, Chicken Wings and Avocado Rolls.  The pork fried rice was so-so.4 stars for Food and Waitress.2 stars for hostess and pricePROS:+ Very good/attentive waitress+ Food is quite good, better than expectedCONS:- Long wait to get a table when it wasn't packed- Hostess was not the friendliest- Way over priced- Booth seats are very uncomfortable sitting in the end
3	Let me start this one off by saying I am not a huge Sushi person. Actually I don't eat it at all. But the other two people in my party LOVE it so I gave it a whirl. NO I didn't order it but I did this for them. The place is very nice. Located right in the Luxor hotel and casino on the second floor. Seating was a breeze. No need to call in ahead for reservations. Our server was knowledgeable and helpful. They had several amazing rolls and I had the orange chicken. Nothing to write home to mom about but it was food. They raved over their sushi so if you are a sushi person as much as they are then this might be a good place for you to try. Otherwise if you are the complete opposite end of the line like myself maybe leave the buffet at Aria or Mirage so you have other options besides just a few items.
3	It was ok, not mind blowing.  But they let us bring in our ridiculously big frozen booze drink thingies that we bought at the little frozen booze stand thing right outside the restaurant.  ;)  That in itself made it worthwhile eating there.  Granted we had reservations, but it was nice that they could accommodate our party of nine on a Saturday night before we headed to the MJ Cirque Du Soleil show at Mandalay.
5	My boyfriend and I started our 'final night out' in Vegas here; motivated by my craving for sushi, and the discount coupon in the Luxor book.  We headed out just a bit before the dinner rush, we were immediately seated, and well served.  We loved the decor; how it created such a different environment despite only being really a corner of the Luxor floor.Our server was attentive, and helpful, with menu suggestions, input, and answering our questions.We spent the coupon right away on drinks...ha!  They had a fantastic, creative cocktail menu.  My gent doesn't usually go for liqour, but we each tried several different cocktails, and ended up doubling up on the saki sangria, which was heavenly.The two sushi rolls I ordered (can't remember now.. it was a month ago...) were AMAZING.  When I get great sushi, I kind of roll around and dance in my seat with a happy sushi buzz, much to the amusement of our server! :)  My BF really enjoyed whatever it was he ordered, something swimming in a white garlic sauce, and he was nearly joining me in the happy buzz dance.It was not a cheap meal, but he commented ten years ago in Vegas, food was cheap cause they wanted you to spend elsewhere.  That's not true anymore.  Most everything we ate anywhere that week was overpriced and sub-par.  At least we felt totally justified in what we spent for this meal.  We left for our nights adventure full and very happy!
4	Rice & Company is incredibly overpriced, but the sushi is truly amazing. My favorite was the mad dragon roll, which I highly recommend. The ambiance and service were very good, but the high cost truly detract from an otherwise great dining experience.
4	Surprisingly good for being in the Luxor.  Nice interior with comfortable seating. Waiter was excellent, had great recommendations, great sense of humor, and interactive.  All the dishes our party ordered were great, from sushi to Chinese food.  We had a great time with pretty good food, much better than expected.
1	Horrible. Don't waste your time or Vegas gambling money. Eat a hot dog instead. Much better meal.
5	Second time here.. Amazing sushi, amazing service and vibe! Of course it's pricey but when you stay at Luxor you get a 20 dollar off coupon! Sooooo worth it
3	We stayed at the Luxor so it was fitting to try this restaurant because there was a $20 coupon in the hotel guest book to use. We got the the restaurant with no reservations and was put onto a 15 min wait list. 25 minutes passed and nothing so we checked with the hostess who said, oh we couldn't find you. Obviously she was making an excuse cause we were right in the side of her all the waiting time and she didn't call our name. The other hostess sat us and she had a 'I'm all that' kind of attitude and faked smiled us to be seated and even apologizing about the wait. Our server, cheerful , observant and helpful. Well needed because the restaurant is so noisy and dark that reading the menu was a chore. The food, okay. Not the greatest but okay yet not bad also. We had the seafood cucumber mango salad to start and the spicy tuna roll and tempura roll. All good dishes but not the greatest. Price, extremely high but discounted from the coupon and the but one get one at half deal on yelp, it made up for the lack of service from the hostess.  Hope you all have a better experience.
5	Awesome fried rice and mapotofu! Right inside the awesome pyramid,  the rice resturant is a pleasant surprise! As vegetarians,  we were hesitant,  but didn't have energy to go out and try a new restaurant. So we gave this a shot,  and we are really happy we did. Definitely recommend it!
4	Family had a great time.  Food - great, service- great.
4	I can't say enough about this place.Great drinks, excellent food and outstanding staff.Without reservations, they took care of us and got one of the best tables in the restaurant.I am not a big fan of Oriental food, but this place really rocks. My wife  and I can't wait   to go back.A bit pricy, but worth every penny.
2	The only reason we went here was because the Luxor was offering $20 off coupon for staying with them.So we got the chicken fried rice which was okay and sesame chicken.  The sesame chicken wasn't that great and was served rather cold. This place is outragiously overpriced and by the time the coupon is used it is like eating at a regular restaurant on the strip with better food.The service was okay not anything to rave about.If you are offered same coupon, i suggest using it at the bars.
3	I went here because Luxor gave me a $20 credit to use. I had the Singapore Noodles which were good. Overall, nothing outstanding or impressive, but it did hit the spot.
4	I like the frkn Gud sushi and they even have sushi with pop rocks lol. Interesting but still good. Pad Thai was alright. Expensive, but sushis good.
3	We came here to redeem a $20 coupon for staying in Luxor, otherwise, we wouldn't just skip this altogether.  The ambience is pleasing and somewhat inviting. The  food items are way too over priced for the quality they are serving.  Half the time we had to serve ourselves. We had to sit ourselves, after standing in the middle of the place for five mins, while the servers were walking past us numerous times. When we got seated , we had to find a menu, since it took another 10 mins of waiting around.  We ordered a eel cucumber roll & a spicy tuna roll. It was average. Not that impressive, not that memorable.  Nevertheless, it was a meal that cost me $2, for that I'm okay.
5	On my recent trip to Vegas, this was our favorite new restaurant we tried. We chose this place as our "fancy" dinner night. We made a reservation and were seated right away. Our server welcomed us and told us a few good things on the menu. We started with Demon Slayer Sake (which was not so good, but I blame that on my taste buds), Hot Dang sushi rolls for me and pot stickers for my bf. I have recently started eating sushi and it was amazing, even my boyfriend enjoyed it and the pot stickers were quite good too. For entrees I had the Mongolian Beef which was delicious and a HUGE portion, but the star of our meal was my bf's Beef and Broccoli, or should I say Broccolini. It was amazing, it was so good that we continued to eat it even after we were full. Our server was amazing. I wish I remembered her name. When we got there she had atleast 2 other tables and by the time she left i counted she had atleast 8 and she was rocking it! She was spot on with everything.And although I agree that the sushi was expensive, its Vegas, every place I went to felt overpriced, and here the entrees were decently priced for the portions. I look forward to coming back her on my next Las Vegas visit
3	Trying to make it before they closed.  Went up to the bartender to ask if they were still seating since the hostess want around the front.  She replied no, it's 10:38 then said they stop seating at 10:45.  The wild orchid: subtly fruity but strong.  Strawberry martini:  great flavor without tasting like chap stub like many berry drinks do.  We were seated at a pub table which I promptly left to ask the sushi chefs for their recommendations.  They didn't have any.  I asked what was fresh.  They asked what I liked.  I asked if their fish was received frozen and was that why there wasn't an answer.  That was met with an um.  Flash frozen is fine by me.  That's as fee has it gets if it's done on the boat, but some things are in season, and I'd like the people preparing my food to know what is the best thing to eat.  Not expecting much, but we are staying upstairs and have a $20 food and drink credit.  This place closes in 15 mins and by the traffic, I'm not sure how they afford to stay open at all.  If not for the overhead music, you might hear crickets.  They have most sections closed so the area we are seated in looks busy at least.  Had a few rolls which were ok.  The salad with the tataki style tuna was better.  I'd walk by this place and just get a slice from the pizza stall down a ways.
5	I'm reading the reviews and I must say "those who did not get the best sushi of their lives came on the wrong day".  I came with 3 friends and we were in "ahh" over the great flavors of the Chop Chop Bang Bang, Candy Cane and Frek N Gud. The service was also excellent. I can't wait to take another trip to Vegas!
3	Luxor had provided us a $20 dollar food credit for a few of the restaurants located in this hotel. We decided to give it a go by having a light snack here at Rice and Company. We didn't have lunch or dinner reservations but we were quickly seated at one of their tables. We were greeted by their waitress who quickly brought us some water and menus to look over. We decided to order one order of the tuna roll and another of the salmon roll. Each is about $10 dollars. The rolls are super tiny but to be honest, they are pretty fresh and delicious. There is no fishy taste or smell and the sea weed that the roll is wrapped in tasted good. The atmosphere of the places is very calm and quiet. We enjoyed our rolls quickly and soon were asking for the check. Being that we had that coupon, we ended up paying less than $3 for the meal. Unfortunately being that the rolls are small and a bit on the pricer side, not sure if I would come back to have this as a normal meal. They also serve noodles and other rice dishes with Chinese food. One thing I did enjoy other than the food flavor was that even though we had a coupon, the waitress didn't make us feel bad, even after our small order she treated us with respect and friendly. Needless to say, we tipped her well.
5	Joe and Joe and Gordon are all amazing. You can order rolls off the menu, just ask...if you love eel sauce like me..you can order a side of it too! Love this place and highly recommend!
2	Most of the Vegas hotel restaurants I frequent are pretty good, so I was expecting good things out of Rice & Company in the Luxor.  I ordered the Garlic Shrimp and Vegetables.  It had 9 plump shrimp, and a mixture of celery, baby corn, bamboo shoots, carrots and mushrooms in a glaze with several whole garlic cloves.  The presentation was good.The shrimp were properly cooked, but totally flavourless!  I have never had shrimp cooked well that had no flavour at all.  The sauce/glaze was also very weak in flavour.  At a general purpose Chinese restaurant frequented by non-Asians the dish would be $12-$13.  But $28?  I don't think so.If the food was unique or exceptional, I would be fine with a premium price, but comparing the sushi prices (2 pc for $10), it is approximately double the price for exactly the same thing at another sushi restaurant. The only reason to eat here is if you don't want to leave the hotel.
5	Great spot for foodies! This was my favorite spot to dine while staying at the Luxor; they have great cocktails, the crazy mad dragon,  and the chicken and broccoli was...  oh so delish!
4	You have chosen to eat at a Japanese/Chinese inspired restaurant...in a pyramid...on the Las Vegas Strip...at a resort.  Now that you've accepted that, we can move on to the review.Like most, we used the food and drink voucher provided by the Luxor.  That means, after the savings, it costs as much as a regular restaurant.  But you knew that, because you're at a resort.The overall layout and feel of the place is appealing and inviting.  The staff is top notch and really push this into solid 4 star rating.  Even the bus boy...err, man...was super polite and very attentive.  This is something I have come to expect from the MGM properties staff.The Chinese dish (beef and noodles) was large portioned and decent.  The sushi was actually very good and very fresh, unlike some reviewers had found.  The Sapporro was huge, and it was expensive, but you expect that because it was at a resort in Vegas.You can probably do better in Las Vegas, you can probably even do it better for less.  But it's convenient, and that's why you're going to go, but you knew that too.
4	Chinese Chicken Salad and Pad Thai are both good.
1	Oh, dear.I've never seen a kitchen put out so much inedible food, to be honest. Regardless of the price. But in my opinion, that is also an issue. The service and management were really great in corresponding with us, as we kept sending back plate after plate after plate... then had to end the meal having not had one single edible bite and eat elsewhere. They were courteous (as we were with them), and we felt badly toward the server and manager but it just wasn't doable.We tried the sushi and the cooked kitchen menu items. It was all just a mess. Their entrees (i.e. General Tso Chicken, Singapore Noodles) are priced in the $20-30+ range and taste much worse in quality as Panda Express (which I could call gourmet compared to this place).  The sushi rolls are relatively creative on paper, and then I would like you to imagine placing rancid old raw fish into your mouth. What they call "belly tuna" might have looked like belly tuna but I was fooled (shame on me). I will almost take responsibility for ordering belly tuna when it seemed way too good to be true.I had to spit all of Rice & Company's food out of my mouth. It was incredible. How they still exist and get regular traffic through the place, I understand because it's in Vegas. But otherwise, wtf is the only thing going through my head when thinking about this place.
1	We came to rice because we are staying at the Luxor for the global shop 2014 show ... the first night we came to rice we had an issue with my hubby's cocktail. Even though he requested a very slightly dirty martini he was served mostly olive juice. He sent the drink back with the waitress reiterating that he did not want a very dirty martini and to please just bring him a shot of vodka and the olive juice on the side. Husband is not a big complainer but his drink was that bad.  She did but then charged the original drink charge plus an addituinal pour charge. We complained and the manager reversed the charge. Fast forward two days later when the global shop show actually started. .. we came to rice to have a light dinner and a glass of wine before opening night celebration which we paid for hoping to network.  He had a tempura shrimp roll and has been vomiting all night.   Made a report with Security stressing that we want to make sure no one else gets as sick as husband is now. Will update later but please beware...
2	Meh.  We ate there last year because we were staying at the Luxor.  It was our pre-wedding day meal.  We visited this year out of nostalgia, and we regret every cent spent.  The front hostess stand is awkward as all get-out.  Do you really want to seat us?  Doesn't seem like it.  Our waitress was OK.   He hated his shrimp fried rice but had loved it a year ago.  What changed?  Don't know.  We wound up giving it to a bum on Fremont.  I had chicken and noodles...it was OK.  Nothing to write home about.  Definitely not worth $18.
4	Not sure why this place only has 3 stars overall.  I have been there numerous times over the past 2 years. Sometimes I get a craving for the Crab/Mango/Cucumber salad and that alone makes me go. They have a good sized menu of choices. I always opt for sushi. The rolls are great. I almost always order some of the house special rolls. They are good sized and I always leave content but a bit pricey. The rolls look great presentation wise. Everytime I post pictures of them on social media people are asking me where they can get the rolls in the pics. Will definitely be back again!
4	The best part of this place is the environment and ambience. We had the Fre Kin Gud sushi which was delicious! Also tried the Dragon cocktail, recommended by the server, which had a strawberry/lemonade flavor. Definitely recommend this place.
1	Very expensive!  Food was flavorless.  Would rather have eaten a run of the mill Asian buffet.
4	I used a $50.00 food credit via vegas slot app. You have to spend over $100.00. My friend and I ordered the crab cakes (comes in 2), ahi tuna salad (which was very tasty), and two specialty sushi roll. In addition, we also ordered a large 22oz sapporo beer and a saki. All of that came out to be over $100! That's insane! Well...it is Vegas after all. Very pricey restaurant but the food is not bad. Our server David was very attentive and nice.
4	Ok, this really isn't the best restaurant BUT I went to Shibuya in the same trip (much more high end and higher pricing) and THIS restaurant kicked Shibuya's butt. For that, it gets another star.  I must say, considering 4 of us rolled in drunk off our @sses at 10pm the service was great! We ordered 4 sushi rolls and a bottle of sake.  The sake was good, and so was the sushi. I wish I could remember more specifics, but....that's Vegas, baby! All I know is that I will return to give it another go and hopefully write a better review...but for now, thanks for the memories Rice!
1	You will not find costumer service here! The sushi was okay, not great. The host was a b.. I observed her treating other people terrible she literally roller her eyes at one of the girl's in the group. The waiter came to our table to drop the menus didn't even say hi. We thought he was the buss boy. Then, we called him to take our appetizer order, later we asked him to take our drink order, he said, "you want drinks?" I wanted to walk away but we were with others. No good
2	I knew this was a bad choice but my friend was crashing hard and needed to eat. I tried to mumble we could split a bowl of won ton soup and be happy, however the BFF had other plans as she was waving her hands and saying "dinner is on me." Oh no, good money spent on mediocre food. We ordered the scallop sashimi to start. It was fine. Not amazing but not bad. Next were the singapore noodles which were on the mushy side, but flavorful. They made me long for the ones in my hometown. The kung pao chicken was horrible. The sauce was not spicy at all and basically tastes like ketchup with a bit of oyster sauce in it,  the peanuts were on the side and there was way too much sauce. All of these things make for a middle of the road dish but the bad, old tasting chicken made the dish not edible. (Since I was not paying, I did not say anything other than tell my friend it did not taste very good.) The salt and pepper pork was ordered extra crispy and it was a failure. At least the meat was ok. The beef dish was terrible. Don't bother ordering the lychee martini as it was a sweet drink (expected) with no booze in it (not expected). BFF ordered a second as I thought to myself I was so glad I was not paying for the meal. (And to lessen my guilt, I reminded myself I was treating, well getting us comped, to Zarkana the next night.)$150 later (before tip) and it was time to leave with our leftovers. Needless to say, we did not eat them, what a waste of time and money. Why a 2 star and not a 1 star? Our waiter did an ok job.
4	I believe some of the reviews are unfair. The food and customer service is not that bad. It's not the greatest food but I wouldn't say it's inedible. It's way a lot better than Panda Express. It's not authentic Chinese food but that is to be expected in an Asian Fusion restaurant. We had decent customer service, more of average. I am satisfied with the food and service. Yes it is a little bit pricey for a Chinese food (although average price in general) but then that's something to be expected in a hotel and for this kind of restaurant. I don't think you can compare it at all with an authentic Chinese place.
3	Had a coupon to try Rice and Co at Luxor. Headed over for dinner. Nice upscale restaurant. Staff's energy level could have used a pick me up. Maybe because it was a Mon and slow they were not feeling the need to be as attentive.  We had the Peking Duck, Low mien, Stirfried veggies, Mongolian beef. Overall everything was good. The only thing that disappointed me was the paper mushu wrap they coupled with the duck. Normally you wrap them in thick soft sweet buns.
3	Got stuck in the Luxor elevator so management offered me food voucher. Why would I say no? $60 for this place. I can do some damage now.Sat at the bar. Chef was friendly. Got 2 pieces of toro, $25 per piece. Tasty. Got the scallop nigiri. Slight fishy taste. Not sure I would get this again. You really have to have super fresh scallop for it to be right and worth ordering. More leeway with other products. Salmon sashimi, very tasty. Also got a spicy tuna hand roll. Good as well.Look, in Vegas you gotta decide how you're going to spend your money. Eat cheap and gamble it all away? Hit a show? Go big on a trendy restaurant? With a beer, the bill ended up over $100 with tax and tip. Voucher obviously knocked that down a bit. EVERYTHING on the strip is overpriced. This place is decent. Not bad. You just need to decide if this is the overpriced place you want to spend your money or if it's gonna be some other overpriced place.
5	Oh.my.lord. By far one of the best meals I've ever had in my life! Service was on point the whole time. We had Mayra and she took care of us very well. I recommend the Mongolian beef and the Singapore noodles.
1	This was the worst sushi my boyfriend and I have encountered. Our local grocery store sells better sushi. Do not waste the free food voucher at this place.
4	Stayed at the hotel this past weekend and hadn't planned on eating here but wanted to take advantage of a coupon the hotel had given.  I am so glad I did.  Great staff and the food was great as well.  Started with Pot Stickers and Edamame and our main course was the duck (half order) and General Tso chicken.   Was so much better then I had expected and I do plan on returning again soon.
4	Most of the reviews on Yelp didn't rave too much about their Chinese food. However, I was dying to eat some good sushi and decided to try this place out.  Plus it was just downstairs from my room. I walked in by myself (I was traveling alone) and asked to sit in front of the sushi chefs.  Sitting at the sushi bar made my experience here an awesome one!  Jason the sushi chef convinced me to try Uni (sea urchin) for the first time!  I'm from Hawaii, and have never tried it before. I was always skeptic by the way it looked.  I ordered Unagi, Toro and Uni. I've had awesome sushi before and let's just say that this place was real close to it.  If you want sushi in the Pyramid... this is the place to go.The servers were really catering too. Decor was beautiful. Sushi was fresh. Somewhat on the pricey side.....but everything is pricey in Vegas right? :)  It was well worth every penny.
1	Extremely slow service and prices double what they should be. It's kind of expected being on the strip though. Got the pad thai and the chicken was overcooked and the dish had mild flavor. Worst part is how long it took to get our food and get out of there.
5	WowThat could be my whole review right thereThe ambiance at this place is fabulous. The staff is extremely helpful and engagingAnd the food, oh my. I had sushi, my sweetie had Mongolian beef, we both agreed that it was some of the best food we have ever had. It was presented beautifully and the flavors were fantastic. We ate there twice on our recent trip to Vegas and both times everything was perfectBig thumbs up. If you are in Las Vegas, this is a place to go
4	Another near miss because of the negative reviews.Apparently some people have had some pretty bad experiences here - not us!  My wife and I very reluctantly went to Rice & Company after reading some of the reviews frankly because we were too tired to venture too far and we were attending a show at the Luxor right next door in about an hour.We were very pleasantly surprised.  We started with the Pot Stickers which were AMAZING and both ordered a cocktail that was very good (I got something with vodka, pear juice, sake, and sierra mist, my wife ordered a pomegranate margarita).For dinner, I ordered the Mongolian beef, which was very good and pleasantly spicy, contrary to what is usually presented as "spicy".  My wife ordered a spicy sushi roll that she also said had a nice heat to it.Our server was friendly and helpful and we enjoyed a nice quiet meal before our show.  I would give 5 stars, but we did feel it was just a bit over-priced.
5	I don't know why all the other reviewers were so negative. This place was really good! We ordered 4 rolls, 1 bowl of combo rice and chicken chow mein, Everything tasted fresh and really good! Give the place a try!ALSO, if you happen to stay in the hotel, use the $20 discount coupon from the book they give you! They let us use all 4 and got $80 off the check!!!
5	Ever since I went for my 21st  birthday a year ago, every time my family and I visit Vegas, we come here. We have never had a bad experience and the food is always amazing. Each waiter we have had has met our expectations. The sushi rolls are some of the freshest and delicious sushi we have ever had. I can't wait until we go back because it is definitely a routine for us to come here!
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did! The service was quite good with several people coming by to check on us and all staff very attentive. But the food bordered on inedible. We had the tempura platter to start with. It was nowhere near proper tempura - the batter was more like what you would use on beer batter fish and chips! We also had the Singapore noodles which was actually good. The General Tso's chicken was again inedible. It was heavily battered chicken in a sauce that was so sweet it was like spicy syrup. Yuck!Such a big disappointment - if you are used to good Asian food, don't waste your time here!
2	Good sushi! Jason is a great sushi chef and always prepares amazing sushi. However, dont be surprised if you are asked to move seats after you have paid. This is money city, and they have no problem clearing you out if others are waiting. Even if you are still finishing your last drink. Be prepared for rude.
2	Should've read some of the reviews. Our server was almost nonexistent since we didn't happen to order a lot of high priced items. It was two of us and we just wanted a bit of sushi, not a party platter of dinner. I tip exceptionally well regardless of cost of food, so if I get great service just ordering a water for my drink, I'll tip 60% for them. This did not happen this time. He was really attentive to the table next to us that got a single bottle of wine. I could tell he had no desire to return to our table unless of was really necessary for him to. For the food, I've eaten sushi at numerous places, and this one did not meet any expectations. I usually order eel and it's always delicious, but this place had my eel practically burned. It was charred and crispy and totally ruined the taste. The rainbow roll wasn't bad, but I did expect it to be above average for the price and the rice tasted...off. I can't quite describe it, but it didn't taste as I thought it should. I gave it 2 *s for the atmosphere and the fact that it wasn't a total waste. I don't think I'd recommend this place as a sushi dinner for anyone looking for a good place to go. If you're in the hotel and don't want to wander too far, this place should be fine as a quick stop.
2	Only went here cause we got a $20 credit. Decent food, got the spider roll, Singapore noodles and shrimp fried rice.
2	We were staying at the Luxor and wanted to take advantage of our $20 food and drinks credit provided by the hotel. As another one of those overpriced, mediocre food restaurants in Vegas, Rice & Company gets 2 stars instead of 1 for their pleasant (but slow) service. Their menu consists of a fusion of Japanese and Chinese cuisines. We ordered a calamari appetizer, two rolls & two Chinese entrees with a side of vegetable fried rice. Except for the appetizer, everything else tasted blah. The pad thai and fried rice were among the worst. I've had better fried rice from the buffet or Panda Express. I can see how most novice tourists would find this place on their wow list though. Truth be told, there are way better Asian food off the strip in Vegas.
5	Sat at the bar, the bartender was great friendly and very helpful. We got some sake and some kind of strawberry martini that quite possible was the best martini I have ever tasted. Egg drop soup was a big serving and delicious so was the fried rice and the sushi. Great place, great experience will definitely be back and recommend it!
5	Our waiter was really nice of course that's what you expect from Vegas, only the best. He had a funny little sense of humor that I liked. Our food was good. I got the wock and roll. (Not sure if I spelled that right) it was good and perfect serving. I base that on the fact that I ate it all and didn't have leftovers. If I stay in the Luxor again I'd revisit this one!
3	Very nice place. The food was not the best but it was ok. It is expensive. Friendly staff.
1	Worst dining experience this trip! Started with waiter recommending NOT to order a dish...seriously?  Then waiter said order delayed due to sushi order wrong. They said redoing the sushi and right out. 15 min later the excuse was a big order in front of us. Finally 1.5 HOURS later we finally called a manager over for the check. They comped the appetizers and my daughter's sushi while making excuses all the way. Poor service. Definitely on the never again while in Vegas list.
4	It was much better experience I was expected.  I thought this place was the on of the  over price restaurant inside of hotel, but they were not.  It was very reasonable as hotel rate, service was nice and all dishes were tasty.
5	I could said this is one of the best sushi I ever had!! We went there to celebrate my wife's birthday, she wanted to have sushi and after searching alot of places in Vegas I decided to make a reservation here at Rice and Company, and to be honest one of the reason I chose this restaurant is because I had $50 credit to redeem with the use of the My Vegas app (an mlife program).My selection:King salmon sashimiRainbow roll (it surprise me with salmon caviar on top, I never had it like that and it was soo Tasty)East meets west roll (with king salmon inside and toro outside, and again this roll was delicious)My wife selection:Spicy tuna rollshrimp tempura rollMango avocado rollShe enjoyed everything, no left overs lol. I must say I'm soo glad I did choose this place, and we're definitely going back. This place deserve more than 3 stars but this is just my opinion.
1	The staff are ridiculously rude!  The restaurant was more than 1/2 empty, but still they made us wait because we were 10 minutes early for our reservation.  They told us we could have a seat near the door to wait.  Then another waitress came over and told us we were not allowed to sit there because we had 1 in our party who was under 21.  When we asked where we could sit and wait, we were told (in a very rude tone) that we could leave the restaurant and go search for some benches.  I walked out and told them to cancel my restaurant. I would not spend my money in a place where I was not treated with respect!
1	My friend and I enjoyed this restaurant the first time we dined there. However, the second time we dined there, was the WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!! We ordered the Crab Mango Cucumber Salad the Peking Crispy Duck and Shrimp Fried Rice. Once again they all tasted fine. HOWEVER, very shortly thereafter BOTH of us were sick Sick SICK. This meal ruined our entire trip to Las Vegas. The day after, we notified the manager and he apologized. Didn't offer us a complementary meal which was ok because we decided NEVER AGAIN!!! This restaurant is Definitely unequivocally off of our list!!!!!!
4	We arrived without a reservation, and despite 3 kids under 10 our party of 6 was seated quickly.  Service was impressive - the servers were friendly and helpful.  The recommended mojito was their version made with kiwi, but it was bland and didn't have the mint I expected.  The sushi was fresh and delicious.  My wife had padpadD Thai.  The dish was huge! Pot stickers were a hit with my 7 year old. My 9 year old has chicken fried rice and thought it was great, but the vegetable fried rice was described as "tasteless" by my mother in law.  The prices are high, and entrees range $20-$30. I think for this price everything should be outstanding, thus the 4 stars instead of 5. With the variety of sushi restaurants in Vegas, I'll probably try a different one next time.
2	Did not like my time here... First I go to get a reservation and the lady at the desk took forever to help me. I've been a host before and have trained many. One of my suggestions is to not use that stupid computer and just get the name and number. Faster and you have time to actually interact with the person and not forget their names so fast even tho it was 5 min ago.. (this guy listed his name for Gonzalez and then 1 min later. She looked back up at the SAME guy and asked if he put his name down) wow. Next, me and my girl were walked in by the other hostess who doesn't seem to love the place she works at. I asked "how's the food here" to start conversation and all she says is "oh its good." #wtf. We finally sit down and I'm already pissed. They gave us a prefix menu which I wanted to order for me and my lady since it said family style on it and it was a good description and portion. We order from our waiter and the first thing he says is we can't share.. #wtf. Why does it say family style then? Change the description to single style you idiots. HA. Luckily the food saved the day and was quite tasty. We got the dragon roll, shrimp w/ veggie, and their nicely dished dessert N fruit. Only stupid part was that took an hour to bring out. The people that sat down after us had already eaten and paid. #wtf. Long story short, place is a horrible fine dining experience, but the food saved the day, but it could have come sooner. I work for one of the finest cuisines back in LA and this place made itself look like a slow serviced Dennys.
1	No no no! I would not go here. The quality of the food wasn't as good as p f changs, and yet seemed more expensive. After I finished eating a guy came over clearing the table making us all feel that we must go now. Others were still finishing up, and they said let's just go, it's not that good anyway. They didn't finished as they normally would.
1	My BF and I had a dinner reservation at 6, and I should have taken a hint from the near-empty restaurant that it wasn't very good. Don't let the price rating fool you. He had the Mongolian Beef and a California Roll and I had the Seared Ahi Tuna and Sushi Rolls. Both the meat and the fish were mushy. The Ahi Tuna was seated on a wonton with micro greens and a sauce that didn't do the dish any favors. I disliked my meal so much that I removed my FB check-in so I didn't suffer any embarrassment. Did I mention it was my birthday?
1	This is not for the food. I'm writing this about the service. We asked for a table and the restaurant was empty! Like two parties seated kinda empty! We were told to wait ten mins and after fifteen we left. Super lame!!! Haha, these other ladies asked why there was a wait since it was empty and were told, "well, there's just a ten minute wait"
2	The Ahi Salad was pretty good. The Pad Thai was edible. The one sushi roll we tried, the Wock and Roll, was awful. Our server was kind enough to take it back and remove it from our bill after we had eaten three pieces, so points for that. But points subtracted again for food poisoning later that night. A very soft two stars. Eat anywhere else.
1	Please rethink before you go. Very over priced bland food. The only good thing was the sushi. Service was below average. Drinks were tasty. Never again will I waste money on this place...... Go to Tender steak and seafood instead!!!!
5	Some of the best sushi I have ever eaten! Try the Sexy Lady for a taste explosion! Happy birthday to me!
3	This restaurant is located in the Luxor Hotel and Casino on the upper level. It is very "open" and not very secluded. The tables/seats were a bit unusual in the dining areas so I sat at the bar which was long and not busy (about three others were sitting at the bar all spaced out) for a Sunday afternoon. When I approached the hostess about seating at the bar she was a bit annoying about being 21. I understand that I look 12 but you do not be annoying about it. I ignored her and went straight to the bar. Why would I show the hostess my ID when I will just be bugged for it again at the bar? I don't understand people...Anyways... The food here is overpriced and the portions in my opinion were a bit off. The bartender was unkempt and sniffling (gross) as well as complaining about other restaurants in the Casino, stating that the T&T Bar wouldn't last more than a year. Why do I care and why are you telling me about this? I already am in here paying for an overpriced miso soup (I have never paid over $3.00 for a relatively large portion of miso) and my boyfriend's sesame chicken was gross and COLD. His chicken was actually served COLD. He was too hungry for me to say anything so he ate all of it. But in the end we would tell everyone to go to PJ Changs or Pei Wei over this place.
5	After a long and very weird trade show this was the place to stop,eat, drink and unwind. The waiter was over the top , answering every question possible , although he did over me a Moscow Mule without the copper cup , We went down a similar path and had them make us what we call the "Polish Donkey" and it was completely over the top awful plus 1 . Food has a nice fusion flair and was served hot and very tasty , price was much less than I was thinking about , along with the quality for a location inside a casio. Kudos, Kudos, Kudos , can`t say this enough.
4	I dined here twice while staying at Luxor last week and both times my experience was really good, although the first time had better service.When you check into the Luxor, they give you a book of coupons, one of which is $20 off a meal at Rice & Company. Naturally, I took advantage of this. I love Asian food, and lately, I have been getting more and more into Japanese food (Ramen mostly, but some sushi/sashimi). Rice & Company bills itself as an Asian fusion restaurant, combining the best of Japanese and Chinese cuisine. Naturally, I hoped they would carry Ramen, but they do not. That said, they have some wonderful items on the menu.My first night, I had a server named David who was just incredible. I went on a Monday evening, and called ahead to make a reservation, though when I arrived, it was clear one was not necessary. Still, showing up and having the hostess address me by name was quite nice.David shook my hand, and then took the time to explain the drink menu, as well as the dinner menu. Normally I'm all about checking out the menu(s) myself, however, since this restaurant was new to me, it was nice to have him explain it. I've never really been much of a sake person, so I pushed myself to stretch my culinary boundaries and ordered a glass of Ty-Ku Coconut sake (cold).Ty-ku Coconut Sake is Nigori sake (330 ml) infused with coconut, and it was delicious. Potent, but delicious.For starters, I paid homage to my Japanese tastes with Miso Soup - tofu, wakame, and scallions. It was really tasty and I ate the entire bowl.For dinner, I had the Singapore Noodles substituting the shrimp (not a fan of shrimp) for chicken. My dish consisted of: rice noodles, shredded bbq pork, chicken, bean sprouts, bell peppers, onions, egg, and scallions, with curry. The dish was huge, and delicious. David brought me out a small side of sriracha for a bit of spice. I forgot how hot that stuff is!I was supposed to check out of the Luxor Wednesday morning, but as I was flying standby (my buddy is a pilot), and all the flights were booked going back to LAX, I decided to stay another night. So, technically, I checked out, and then checked back into the same room - meaning, I got another coupon book!On Wednesday night, I took another trip to Rice & Company, this time I didn't bother making a reservation, but just walked up to the hostess stand. Sadly, they did not remember me this time around.David was not working, and I was sat in Eric's section. Eric was very personable, knowledgeable and funny, however I found the service to be a bit slower this time around. That said, he also had 6 tables at one point, whereas David only had 3 on Monday. So that said, I am not holding the slight delays against him.For drinks, I ordered an Asahi Black beer (tall) - a Munich Dunkel lager style beer brewed in Tokyo-to Tokyo-shi, Japan by Asahi Breweries Ltd. The beer was very delicious and was not as "dark" tasting as I had anticipated.Again, as a starter, I ordered the Miso Soup. Really, their soup is very tasty, and is a nice, light starter.For dinner, I had the Mongolian Beef with white rice: beef with onions, scallions, peppers, and their chili sauce. I asked for sriracha sauce again, though I didn't use it as liberally as last time.If you like sushi, they have wonderful rolls, including a dish which landed them on the Food Network show "Heat Seekers". This roll includes ahi tuna, crab meat, shrimp tempura, micro cilantro, habanero peppers, and a sauce made with ghost peppers (3rd hottest pepper in the world).A table across the room ordered it, and offered me a sample - I passed - mainly because I did not wish to crash his dinner with his wife. Had it been more people, I gladly would have accepted. He did seem to like it though, and to the restaurant's credit, the ghost pepper sauce was served on the side, for dipping.Also, they have a sushi bar, where you can sit and watch the chefs create sushi rolls and sashimi right in front of you. They were very entertaining to watch from my table Monday night (Wednesday, I was in a side room). Even if I did not have a coupon, I would eat at Rice & Company. The combination of foods, combined with great food and wonderful service makes this restaurant a definite "must do" when in Vegas. Even without the Ramen!
3	We Decided To Try This Place Since We Had A Free $20 Credit From The Play Book Luxor Gave Us Upon Check In. As We Walked Up We Asked To See A Menu To See What They Offered, The Prices Are A Little On The Higher Side. We Decided To Try It Out And The Hostess Had A Little Bit Of An Attitude Because We Asked If We Could Use The Coupon. Well Don't Offer It Then If Your Gonna Be Rude About It...But Anyways We Ordered A Plate Of Chicken Teriyaki For $22 With Rice And Vegetables...It Was Okay Nothing Special For The Price I Think They Fall Under The Same Category As PF Chang's. I Wouldn't Suggest Coming Here It Just Isn't Worth The Money...I Would Suggest Someplace Else.
2	There are about 500 better options for food in Vegas, but surprisingly few places to get Chinese food. On second thought, based on the blatantly racist jokes directed towards Asians at the show that evening, maybe not so surprising? In any event, this restaurant was a quick walk to our show, and my wife had a taste for something light, so we wound up here.I started off with a Mama-san cocktail which was quite good, followed by the crab mango and cucumber salad. Is that imitation crab? Wow. Maybe my expectations are unrealistic, but I sort of felt like this was false advertising.I have the habit of asking waiters for recommendations, and in this case I'm pretty sure said recommendation had more to do with the price of the item than whether it would be to my liking. I ended up opting for the Mongolian beef based on a few positive mentions in other reviews. It arrived about 15 minutes later drowning in sauce, along with some very bland fried rice.For people who have no familiarity with Chinese food served in the cities of New York, San Francisco or Monterrey Park, this might be the place for you.
1	We ate here early on a Friday night and had a pretty good experience....UNTIL my kids and I got the worst food poisoning yesterday ....We split the salmon teriyaki and also had some sushi.My husband did not get sick so we are certain that it was the food at this restaurant that got us sick as the timing (sick the day after) and the fact that we split the same meal. So, just be careful what you order. I'm guessing salmon teriyaki isn't a common order so the fish was probably old and hence our day full of vomiting and nausea....
1	Only came here to use the complimentary $20 credit as a Luxor guest.Was already disappointed that they weren't open during the day or late night, only standard dinner hours really.Hostess tells us we can sit in the lounge area, which is still full service or wait 10-15 minutes for the dining area, even though I saw a few empty tables there. We chose to sit in the comfy looking couches in the front lounge area.We waited 15+ minutes for anything...water, menus...nobody. We saw two staff people walk by and even though they weren't our waiters, they could have informed whoever need be that we weren't being helped at all. Granted, we were hard to see as being blocked by a giant pole, but still. The bartender was in clear view in front of us, who could have informed any of the staff. My sister finally went up to the hostess to tell her that we had been waiting a long time without anyone coming by.Our waitress comes and gives us the menu and waters and while friendly, she didn't apologize at all for keeping us waiting.I order the yellowtail jalapeno roll and my sister had the veggie spring rolls, just enough to use the credit. Of course, these two small items, in which one doesn't even have to be cooked, took another 30+ minutes. During this time, a couple slips in through the side entrance and seats themselves next to us. A waitress notices them and asks if they would like to see the dinner menu and the couples says 'yes.' Well, they waited 15+ minutes and that waitress never came back and there goes the couple and future business.Our food finally comes, and it was actually good. My sushi roll didn't have too much rice and was rolled very well, as it didn't fall apart. Yellowtail and jalapeno were as plentiful as much as a roll could fit. The veggie spring rolls portion was much larger than anticipated and was jam packed with veggies.The rest of our service was kinda alright? Water was refilled, but she still never asked us how we were doing, and didn't offer to take my empty plate away. Took a bit to get our check. Luckily, we had the credit and a bit of cash to cover a small tip and the tax, so we didn't have to wait any more at this bad establishment. Too bad, we actually enjoyed our food.
5	Excellent food and cocktails. Our server David was quite affable. Wonderful service. I had the kung pao chicken which was made exactly how it should be for most people. However, if u are like me, order it extra spicy. The cocktails were also excellent and worth the $13. Unfortunately, attire is casual, which in Vegas means I had to sit next to a dude wearing a baseball cap, low hanging denim shorts, and a wifebeater tank top. And, his g/f was dressed up. Seriously, dude? It's a Saturday night! Oh well, I will still come back.
2	Dam you luxor for giving us a 20 usd voucher for this place. I take it its the only reason anyone goes.We ordered peking duck, chow mein noodles and some beef dish. Honestly you can get better at your local chinese for 5.95 .Biggest mistake is the duck the wraps actually taste and feel like blotting paper.I dont think its the end of the world here but is definitely not what you expect.
2	Sigh. The whole thing was non-optimum. Vegas has so many great restaurants. There doesn't seem to be any excuse for poor performances.The Mongolian beef was inedible, the charge for a cut roll or hand roll was the same, so I ended up paying $9.50 for one spicy tuna hand roll, and the service was poor. The bill ended up being $75 for mediocre food, it was just disappointing. Choose something else. There are just so many great choices in Vegas. Go for something with a few more stars.
3	So I'm here in Vegas and came across this restaurant. The place loos good and the service is wonderful, the food in other hand is not to die for. As a Pad Thai fanatic I ordered the Pad Thai dish, well doesn't really taste like a pad that, it taste like a very plain noodles. Too bad cause the look and the service is 5 stars but after all, ITS ALL ABOUT THE FOOD.
2	Very plain tasting Chinese food for the price. General Taos chicken had the taste and quality of a frozen dinner just heated up and served. The pad Thai tasted like a bowl of plain noodles. Great atmosphere and service. Appreciated the managers attention once he got wind of our dissatisfaction. Unfortunately I could never recommend the place.
5	Best sushi ever .I really don't get how come only 3 stars review .I have been eating sushi all over the world and this is my top thank yoy.Tony our chef was amazingThanks
4	Good food a little pricey but good food and cool atmosphere. Nice spot to check out of your staying at the Luxor.
3	I had a $50 off for here from myvegas. The sushi was decent, not great but not bad. I had better at multiple other places in vegas. We got 4 rolls. I think the main thing I didn't like was that there was so much going on in all of them. They each had at least 6 ingredients and it seemed like overkill to me. My boyfriend really liked it because they give you more fish than rice.The tofu side was disgusting. Mushy mess that was hard to swallow. Don't get it.
5	The food was awesome!  The waiters where very helpful and the manager greeted us so i would highly recommend this to others.
3	Went in a Wednesday night since we had a MyVegas comp. Hostess told us we would have to wait 10 mins for seating even though the place was bare. We decided to sit at the bar for a drink while we waited and the bartender convinced us to stay at the bar and eat. Overall, deserving of a three star rating this place has. The sushi rolls were average, the chicken fried rice was pricy and average. Even the Lobster Cantonese was basically General Tso with lobster stuffing instead of chicken. At $38, not a great value. The redeeming factor was Joseph is a great bartender with good wine and beer knowledge.
3	Pretty standard Chinese cuisine so don't have high hopes or anything. I've been here twice and I didn't leave disappointed - just not dazzled. Service was very good and the manager walks around schmoozing with the diners and seems like a genuinely nice fellow.I had the Beef Chow Fun and it was fine. Wasn't as crazy about the Singapore Noodles, though. It wasn't as flavorful as Singapore Noodles I've had at other places. Use the $20 off coupon that you get if you stay at Luxor or Excalibur. It'll take the sting off of the $16 price tag that goes along with the aforementioned dishes.
4	Good selection of sushi and other dishes. Good for our party of 7. Used open table to book. I just thought it was a bit quiet inside. We went to party it up. Enjoy!
5	Friendly staff, fresh sushi, awesome drinks. I had a wasabi martin and smoked salmon sashimi. They were both equally delicious. I would definitely come back.
3	Wow, this place has certainly received some scathing reviews!!! Here's our experience:The food was good, but very reminiscent of PF Chang's. Not a surprise, it's in the Luxor, not Chinatown, San Francisco. Still, my fiance really enjoyed his sushi, and was pleasantly surprised to find one of his favorite rieslings available by the glass. The only negatives were the people we encountered there - the hostess was fairly rude, and made us wait 10 minutes for a table (the restaurant was practically empty, it was a Tuesday night) and our server didn't seem to want to be serving us too badly. Much emphasis was put on the proper tipping amount on the check. If you're so worried about it, why don't you just put a gratuity on there? We were a party of 7, although three were kids. Still, that's pretty awkward - I get that Vegas restaurants serve a LOT of foreigners who may not understand our tipping customs, but seriously. Also, the bill for the two of us was $80 ($100 with tip) - a bit steep for the 2 entrees, 2 appetizers and one glass of wine that we ordered. I would go back if I had one of these $50 off promos others have mentioned, but probably wouldn't pay full price here again.
1	Absolutely the worst choice for our first meal in Vegas. This place is completely overpriced and the staff was inattentive. Miguel seemed annoyed we didn't want to order right away, but chose to enjoy an appetizer first. The sushi is about the same as the local convenience store. I would rate it zero stars.
4	Excellent if your gaping for sushi. Service is not the best. They take to long. But the sushi Mia amazing. They have a sushi with the candy, Pop Rocks called Chop Chop Bang Bang. Would go there again. Family Friendly.-1
1	Food was mall food court quality.  Nothing special and overpriced.I'm not a foodie or a hipster.  I started eating healthier, plus I have a number of Chinese friends that have showed me the difference between real Chinese food and Americanized Chinese food.  I figured that I was paying $20+ an entree at Rice and Company that I would get something fairly decent.  I was wrong.My friend ordered sushi - it seemed alright but I don't know how to mess up sushi.  I ordered sesame chicken with brown rice.  The chicken was tough, overcooked, over-breaded, and covered with a Americanized sweet sauce.  The brown rice was bland.  It was on par with ordering from a Panda Express at a mall food court. It's frustrating to pay $20+ for an entree that I could buy for $6 at a mall, plus paying $3 for a soda.  I asked for some more rice (since the bowl of rice was fairly small) and I was told extra rice was $4.  I guess what really bothers me about this place is that the ambiance makes it look like a fancy restaurant despite the low quality of the food.  In fact, the hostess did a rundown on my clothes and gave me a look like I was low class (to be fair I was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt).  I will also admit that the table next to us seemed fairly happy with their food.  Although, the lady was using the large serving spoon to eat with and her husband was dressed like a biker.  This made me think that the restaurant was masked as a decently priced Asian restaurant to tourists that have probably never eaten good Asian food - it's Panda Express on a plate instead of styrofoam.
4	Excellent if your going for sushi. Service is not the best. They take to long. But the sushi is amazing. They have a sushi with the candy, Pop Rocks called Chop Chop Bang Bang. Would go there again. Family Friendly.
2	Just finished a meal here earlier in the evening, and to say it was a let down...well, it's true. I had the Singapore noodles, friends had the mapo tofu and a few sushi rolls. Two of us had scallop sushi as well.  Starting from the beginning, we were told we could sit in the lounge or wait for a seat in the restaurant. We opted for the lounge. Nice, clean, seems good. Order drinks, friends martini takes at least five minutes. Here begins the waiting game...as we order our food and then wait. And wait. And wait. My noodles came out on a hot plate but lukewarm. Seems like a good sign it was sitting under the heat lamp waiting for a runner for a good ten minutes. Noodles, other than being only somewhat warm, are bland. Some of the toppings were tasty, but overall a mediocre dish, especially considering the price. Same for my friends mapo tofu. Just meh. The scallops were delicious but you can't screw up that, however the nigiri sushi was skimpy on the rice, and the rice was either horribly miscooked or had sat for ages because it was dry and unpleasantly chewy in the center (of the skimpy amount anyways). I've had better at dollar conveyor sushi shops. Much better. Friends sushi rolls are ok, but honestly whatever crunchy thing they put in the center of a lot of their specialty rolls is really offputting. Overall was triple the price of our lunch at Lotus of Siam today and at best half the quality. The best part of this meal was going downstairs and buying a chocolate milkshake to help wash away the memory of it in fat and sugar. (one star for decor and location and one for decent enough service...but for anything food related???  No.)
3	My parents and I came here for an after dinner snack. We arrived 15 minutes early for OpenTable reservation but the hostess told us to hangout in the lounge until our table was ready.When you enter the restaurant, there's a lounge area to the right and metal koi sticks in a stone pond. In the dining area, there are high black table tops with red chairs as well as tables with brown booths. One of the walls is made of wood and has orange lit bowls that look like candles. At the sushi bar, there are glass blown bamboo lights. Behind the sushi bar, there are koi panels. Each table setting consisted of bamboo mat, red chopsticks and silverware wrapped in a brown napkin, white dish and sauce dish, and tall glasses for water. For drinks, I'd recommend ice water, hot green tea, and Sapporo!We enjoyed the Wok Chicken Lettuce Wraps, which consisted of chicken bamboo shoots, mushrooms, water chestnuts, scallions. It was five lettuce wraps and hoisin sauce. We also enjoyed the Crab, Cucumber, and Mango Salad, which consisted of fresh king crab, julienne english cucumber, mango, and tobiko caviar in citrus mayo dressing. It was sweet, refreshing, and calming. It's definitely something I'd come back for. However, we were not impressed with the Hong Kong Noodles, which consisted of crispy egg noodles, roasted pork, shrimp, chicken, straw mushrooms, baby corn, and bok choys in oyster sauce. The noodles were not crispy as described. They were mushy! The oyster sauce was super thick due to excessive use of corn starch.
2	2 stars for big portion , but the food is not good. They try eccentric mix but it doesn't work. Also it's expensive for what it is.
