4	Frozen custard....Very decent here, but not as gourmet as the one at the Chocolate Swan at Mandalay Place! I had the cookies and cream custard here, and it was pretty good. The owner was very nice, and was curious how my friends and I heard about his place. "We were just passing through, as we were going by the Sunset Station...."The place looks like one of those Mel's Diner places, but not as fancy. The taste of the frozen custard has that egg taste to it, and is a required taste, I believe....You can also buy little pints of the frozen custard as well...Make sure you eat this right away, and don't take it home and refreeze it! It'll get very hard....and will not be enjoyable....Also...to get here...there is really only one entrance and exit...not very accessible from Marks Street...
5	YUM!  Their vanilla custard is the best.  Smooth, creamy, delicious.  I love the new location and decor.  It's cozy, quaint, and inviting.  A must see and must taste.
5	Wow!!  I've had frozen custard before at Luv It and Sheridan's and I never understood what was so great about it.  Then I tried Nielsen's.  It is a super creamy and dense version of ice cream that is incredible!  I tried the vanilla and chocolate and they're equally delicious.  And the concretes!  They're like blizzards but about 100 times better.  Everything here is fantastic and the location is great.FYI: I don't taste the egginess with nielsen's that I find with other frozen custard.  Definitely a plus in my book.  All I get is the ultra creaminess.  Yum!!
5	Great custard, none finer in Las Vegas.New location right next to Cafe Rio.Super store and staff.
5	This is icecreamzilla.  Love the location, the decor, the price, the flavor.  Everything is good.  I just don't want to think about how bad it is for me.
5	The best frozen custard in Vegas! Get yourself a cake batter concrete and enjoy!
5	Never had frozen custard before moving to Las Vegas! Man, I had NO idea what I was missing!!! First off, the decor is nice and cozy, you come in and it has that mom an pop kind of feel to it, with the odd bits of '50s memorabilia all over the walls. It is a tiny hole in the wall location between Cafe Rio and Grimaldi's Coal-Oven Pizzeria. This makes it the PERFECT spot for an after dinner dessert. I can't say how many customer's I've seen with doggy bags waiting in line here, lol. As for the actual custard, delicious! The portions are a pretty nice size, my wife and I generally split a concrete. Soooo smooth, and very satisfying. Favorite flavor at the moment is the bumbleberry with some brownie and nuts mixed in. Wife always pouts though when I get the last nut! =P =) All in all a very good find, though I don't really recommend taking it home and putting it in the freezer for later as it loses its creamy texture a bit (still damn tasty though!).
3	I'm not a big frozen custard expert, I've only had it a handful of times.  But I find the silky texture of Nielsen's custard to be the best I've had.  The taste is really good too.  I want to go back more and form a more definitive opinion.  For now, they're tops in my book.
5	I am so glad that Nielson's moved into my hood!. I went in one day because we had dinner next door and had the concrete! Chocolate custard with caramel and pretzals!!! Hooked! Usually I go in there and buy  pints or quarts so I can take it home and eat it when I want it!
5	The best thing since ice cream only better... Also, the servece is great!
5	Damn, just got back from Vegas but already missing the frozen custard. This place is the best! The custard is extremely creamy and rich.
5	Best frozen custard ever - well, to be honest, it was my first time trying frozen custard, but as far as I know, it is THE BEST! I've been looking for a place in the LA area ever since, but haven't found one that's not way out in the boonies...Here's the low-down: They only serve three flavors: vanilla, chocolate, and a "flavor of the day"I can't vouch for their vanilla or chocolate, because I only tried their Oreo flavor, but man was it delicious and creamy. The place is decked out to look like a somewhat-50's era soda shop or musuem (they had some memorabilia behind a glass case). The staff was friendly and helpful.I've been daydreaming of Nielsen's ever since.
4	We saw this place on our way to dinner and thought it was very unique because we don't have frozen custard in socal. Next afternoon after lunch we decided to give this place a try.I am so glad we did.I'm a big fan of custard. Big Big fan.One scoop in a cup is 2.22 with tax.They have three flavors that they offer each day. Vanilla and chocolate plus a flavor of the day. We had a chance to try vanilla and oreo. Both were delish. I should have asked for half scoop of both like they do at gelato places, but I don't know if they would have done that. Vanilla is just like french vanilla. Oreo was really good. I enjoyed how the pieces of cookie were still really crisp and fresh like it just came out of cookie box.The texture is like really dense ice cream. No air. AND it's really really really smooth.Service was great. The owner was really friendly and took some time out to describe what frozen custard is like and how it is comparable to ice cream. Apparently, this stuff has less butter fat than regular ice cream.YUUUUM. I'm so glad we stopped here.
5	Best frozen custard I've ever had.  Period.  End of story.  YUM!!
4	Amazing frozen custard. Rich, creamy, and delicious. As everyone else has already mentioned, they only have 3 flavors: chocolate, vanilla and a flavor of the day. Their "orange cow" was great. Tasted just like an orange creamsicle. They pack previous flavors of the day in pint containers (and other sizes). So, if you don't want the 3 flavors they're offering that day go ahead and splurge and get a container to go.
4	This was my first time trying frozen custard and I feel in love with the first bite. I love the dense consistency because it reminds me of my favorite ice cream brand, Haagen daz. It's so smooth and creamy! It was heavenly!Also, the owner was so friendly and personable! He let us try all the flavors and even told us little facts about frozen custard. I'm not a resident of Vegas but this will definitely be one of my stops whenever I'm in town just like Pho So 1.
4	How far is this place off the strip?Um, it better be worth itUm....yeah, it SO was. Thanks Sarah M. ! Delicious. I wish we had one close by my house. That would be dangerous. They have this pretzel, carmel custard that is absolutely delicous and I'm not all that into vanilla, pretzel or carmel. Somehow, the combination was to die for!
4	Great flavor and texture.
4	Because of this place I would choose custard over yogurt or ice cream any day.  It is denser than ice cream and creamier so its amazing that it is less calories.The only thing I would change would be to have more flavors available on a daily basis, but the pints and quarts make up for it.
5	WOW! I can't believe I've never had frozen custard before, it's freakin' good!Nielsen's was our last stop in Vegas before heading back to CA. I was determined to try it even though it was 8:30pm & we had a 5 hour drive ahead of us. I mean, doesn't having a yummy snack make long drives better?The workers here are SOOO incredibly nice, practically forcing us to have free samples before we chose to buy anything. They always have 3 flavors fresh in stock & a bunch of rock hard frozen flavors in the freezer. We had a scoop of vanilla custard ($2.22) & a chocolate concrete w/ Kit Kat mixed in ($4.90). Between the 3 of us, we couldn't even finish because the custard was so creamy & thick & the servings were so large. The ever-so-friendly workers even gave us a little extra custard in our concrete so that it was oozing over the edge.I can only describe it as a creamier version of ice cream w/o all the extra ice fluff & a thicker version of frozen yogurt. Whatever this magical mixture is, it's heavenly!Frozen custard was even voted as on of the "top 100 things to eat." You'd be a fool not to try it!
4	Tried Nielsen's the other night after going to Sheridan's up on Eastern, but Sheridan's is more of a walk-up stand, and did not offer indoor seating on a cold and windy night.  Nielsen's did have indoor seating (will try Sheridan's on a warmer night when in the mood for a treat.)Nielsen's is located between Grimaldi's and Cafe Rio, a good strategic location as we say many people coming over from these restaurants for dessert (with pizza boxes to go in tow).Service was friendly, and frozen custard was very good - smooth and creamy - options for toppings or mix-in's for 'concretes' were good and varied.  Overall, good frozen custard, pretty rich/filling (spouse and I shared one item - it was more than enough for both of us) - premium price for premium product (although at around $4-$6 per person if all get their own serving, a relatively nominal cost in the schedule of things.)
5	after finding this place on my handy dandy yelp application on my iphone-- i had to find my way to this place! mm i definitely have a sweet tooth and this place definitely hits the spot! the guy that worked there was really chill with giving me some samples so that i can figure out what i was in the mood for. i got vanilla custard with kit kat mix ins :] so tasty! i definitely wish that i lived closer to this place-- i mean, i live in orange county, CA and there is no place out here that compare to nielsens :[ i wonder if they deliver? just kidding-- but hey a girl can wish.
5	Dude frozen custard?! This is why I love the midwest. Only they go "hey, how can we make ice cream richer and worse for you?" And then carry it out with outstanding results! As someone who has traveled to Wisconsin and Chicago many times, I'm familiar with frozen custard but you don't exactly get any in Los Angeles so when my friend and I saw this place on our way out of Vegas one hung over weekend, we just had to stop. My vanilla custard with caramel was drenched in the sugary sauce and the custard itself was perfectly creamy, rich and icy cold just like you want on a hot Vegas day. My friend went for a concrete and devoured that thing before I even finished filling up my gas tank to get out of town. The decor was super cute and kitschy, making it a great place to dine in with kids or friends. But thank god we don't have these in California because the last thing I need is that sort of temptation thankyouverymuch!
5	OMG!!! I lived my this place when it was next to Sunset station for 2 years and never went. Saw the coupon in the Entertainment Book and contemplated on going. Still never went.Then one day, I'm driving down Eastern on my way to work and lo and behold they reopened and my curiosity was piqued again! Still didn't go despite my interested because where it's located, the parking lot is always full, so that was the major turnoff. I finally decided to go when I went out to dinner with my friend Monette and she had mentioned that she had it before and raved about it. Knowing someone else went made me finally try it. When I got there it was pretty crowded but the "custard people" were pretty quick and very accommodating. I stepped aside to check out the menu and  I ended up just getting plain vanilla but I added malt to it and let me tell you...it was was creamy as gelato!! I've had frozen custard before and a huge fan of it so I was a bit doubtful before I tasted it. Upon scraping the bottom of my little bowl and licking the last of my taste of heaven, the doubts were gone. It's right in between Grimaldi's and Cafe Rio so a lot of people have their dessert at Sheridan's so it does look crowded but like I mentioned earlier, the service was quick. They are a bit pricey (think Cold Stone Creamery prices) but it would be a cute place to take a date or on a really hot day (like in the days to come!! helloooo summer!!)  that I believe is worth visiting and trying. If you like creamy textures of cold delicious yumminess, this is the place to try!
5	Yummm I heart frozen custard! Possibly more than ice cream. Definitely more than froyo. Maybe tied with gelato. If only they sold frozen custard in CA.We got the "Topper", a scoop of vanilla with crushed Oreos. It  was sweet, thick, creamy, rich, buttery goodness. They make 3 flavors of fresh frozen custard daily - vanilla, chocolate and flavor of the day. Pick a flavor and they'll pretty turn it into anything you want - from milkshakes to "concrete", a huge cup of frozen custard with all the fixings you want, kinda like a Blizzard at Dairy Queen.The store itself is super cute with retro '50s soda fountain decor. They even sell Coke in bottles. The staff is fast, friendly and smiley. One of my favorite dessert places in Vegas for sure!
4	My bf went here a while back but i recall they had vanilla, choc and flavor of the day which was lemonade and the place was chuck full of pregos! (pregnant ladies) I was almost afraid to eat here as it seemed to be an epidemic! One lady claimed to have dropped her ice cream outside and asked for a refill. A few min. after she left one of the 2 employees went outside to "clean the mess" and came out with clean napkins. (the prego ate vanilla and then went bk for 2nds with chocolate.)) my bf & I didnt' buy it.... must have been that good.  We each ordered a concrete. Bad decision. They are a lot bigger than they appear when you see the cup. Nxt time I'd share one. I had vanilla w/ oreo concrete. so delish. I've only been once b/c of the calorie factor. Its a must try.
5	I love ice cream. Period. If I come across a new ice cream place, you better believe I'm going to try it.Nielsen's is actually one of 2 establishments in a chain, the other (first) one is in St. George, Utah (which is where my mother's family lives), and I have eaten there many times. I was ecstatic to see them open up out here in the Vegas Valley.This place was originally at Sunset/Marks, but has since moved to Eastern, just south of Silverado Ranch. Honestly, I thought the old location was better and more roomy inside, but I can understand the proprietors wanting to move here to boost their business. It is great to have an actual "frozen custard" place out here at long last - most other places just serve straight-up ice cream. And the custard they serve here is out of this world. I typically go for the vanilla and bury it in hot fudge, but that's just me. I doubt you'll be dissatisfied with your purchase, whatever flavor it may be. The menu is quite large and diverse, and the prices reasonable.The atmosphere is nice as well, with the place having a very laid-back family feel to it. The people who run the place are always friendly, and have smiles on their faces. THIS is the way small business owners should treat their customers - other businesses stand up and take note!I have absolutely no complaints with this place apart from the fact that they are now in a more difficult-to-reach location (but again, I support them moving to a more high-traffic area to help their business.) If this isn't the best ice cream place in Vegas, it's damn close.
5	This is the only place I go for delicious frozen treats. I recommend this awesome place to everyone. Plus I don't deviate from the vanilla custard because it's all I ever crave!
5	I had this stuff during New Year's and i am writing a review now because I suddenly and violently began craving it and it is killing me that I can't have any right now.It's really hard to describe what exactly makes this frozen custard different from ice cream. It just is. I was skeptical and I remember thinking that I was going to do an analytical comparison with ice cream. But then when I started to eat, my brain shut down from the pure awesomeness.The main thing I remember is the creaminess and the almonds. Oh my god the almonds! It wasn't just slivers of almonds, it was giant chunks of almonds swimming in the creamiest, yet not overly sweet ice cream like substance I've ever had.Gah it's killing me thinking about this stuff.My sister lives in Vegas. I think I'll lie and tell her I'm coming to visit to see my niece in order to get some of this stuff. Go get it, but save some for me.
2	Cashier is really dumb.. custard was ok.  Read the menu carefully and ask as many questions possible since they have specials and how they prepare it make a big difference.  I ordered one scoop with 3 toppings which I thought was mixed by them since that's what they are supposed to do with custard, which comes in only in 2 flavors.  ASK if you have a question or you will get the answer I got.. "Here is a larger cup, move your ice cream in this and then mix it your" :-) you know I m coming here again...
5	This is my first experience with frozen custard and I'm hooked!!!This is soo good, this can't be good for you but I don't care I want more!!! I got a waffle cone (I think it's fresh made) with two huge scoops of frozen custard, I didn't expect how much they gave and I didn't expect to finish the whole thing. I dont even like sweets. My wife ordered the cherry, chocolate chip concrete and it was refershing and delicious. You gotta go get some!!!
4	Here's what I really like about living on the strip in Las Vegas - nothing is too far away to try. I'm in the center of everything. So on Thursday night, I wanted something sweet. I asked Yelp for some help and Nielsen's won.If you have never had frozen custard before, allow me to explain it. It's like ice cream, but smoother. It's like frozen yogurt, but with a stronger flavor. In short, it's good.Nielsen's carry three flavors, Vanilla, Chocolate, and Flavor of the Day. Being Mexican, I went for the chocolate - awesome!One more note - I used Google Maps to navigate to Nielsen's. Google told me it was on the East side of the street when it is on the West side, next to Cafe Rio - FYI.So when the sun goes down and it's still 100 degrees outside, remember that Nielsen's is only a short car ride away.Frozen Yogurt = FroYoFrozen Custard = FroTard - start using it!
5	Ive been here a few times and always had the vanilla which is delicious but last weekend when  I went in and the flavor of the day was mint oreo I decided to give it a try. I'm glad I did it was great.  The only negative to Neilsen's is that now I'm addicted to frozen custard and the closest location is a four hour drive. Not Cool Neilsen's Not Cool At All.
5	This is the best place to go for frozen custard. It is the best tasting and the staff are very friendly!! I go there at least 3 times/week!!
4	So after month long debate with my mom over who has the best custard in town I finally decided to try her favorites - Neilsen's Frozen Custard. It is in a fabulous location right off of Eastern in a very popular area of town. I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in. It has a very cool "old school" custard place kind of feel. I love that they sell coke in the bottle and have the bottle openers on the wall....DARLING.So, I got a hot fudge sundae with salted pecans....and.....dun dun dun dun...it was pretty darn good. The custard was not too sweet or artificial tasting, very creamy and rich. They make their custard fresh every day. I guess "they" are right...mother knows best (most of the time) :)
4	So the husband has never had frozen custard and it has been 4 years since I have indulged in the awesome stuff.So while I was doing cardio at the gym today, I texted the husband and suggested that we get frozen custard tonight.  I naturally went on Yelp when I got home and looked up frozen custard places.  Luv-it looked like the place to go.  But when I went on their website, it said they were closed for this week.  So Nielsen's it was.We live in the Summerlin area, so we drove 22 miles (or so said the iPhone) to Nielsen's.I had a cup with a scoop of vanilla and a scoop of chocolate.  The husband had the strawberry concrete.  ("Concrete" is like their version of a blizzard, but SO MUCH BETTER!)  So while the husband and I sat outside on this beautiful evening eating our custard, we could not stop thinking about the "real" coca-cola they had inside!  Now don't get me wrong, the custard was amazing, but the idea of having a real coca-cola was definitely intriguing!"Mexican Coke" as the husband refers to it (since I think it comes from Mexico) is Coca-Cola made with real sugar in a glass bottle.  Now you can buy Coca-Cola in the glass bottles at like Albertson's but its not made with real sugar!  And YES- Nielsen's carries the REAL stuff!!!So after we finished our custard, the husband went in and got a bottle for us to share.  Now this was my first time having REAL coca-cola since I was an itty-bitty kid and it was fabulous!This lead us on a goose chase to find out how we can get more of the stuff.  After asking around, we found out that we could buy it at Food 4 Less.  The husband and I had many firsts tonight: his first frozen custard experience, my first REAL coca-cola as an adult and our first trip to Food 4 Less.  We bought 6 coca-cola's and came home.Back to the subject of Frozen Custard- Nielsen's is the place!!  I will gladly make the 20 minute trip to Nielsen's anytime to get custard.  The husband agreed that he now likes frozen custard and will be happy to make the trip with me!
5	My first time having frozen custard and it definetly will not be my last. The service was exceptional, the girl behind the counter explained everything to me and gave me a sample right away. The taste is OMG indewscribable, smooth, creamy, and so so so delicious. Im a plan vanilla kind a girl so that is what i got but i will definetly have to try something elsenext time... maybe the flavor of the day... all i have to say is nom nom nom nom
4	if i had a choice, i'd pick this place over luv-it because they have places to sit inside vs outside of luv it (just standing).  their concrete is very very good, a little too sweet sometimes, but very rich, creamy, and would understand why people would crave it from time to time.  i would just get the vanilla with pecans on top OR an oreo concrete with pecans mixed in.  the concrete is for sharing though, too big to finish solo.
5	My go-to place for frozen custard in Vegas. PERFECT, silky, rich and delicious in flavor and texture. Their vanilla is utterly addictive (i've been getting it once a week! Ouch!) but I think the best part might be their hand-made waffle cone. The batter is rich and has just a dash of cinnamon to make you stand up and take notice.Atmosphere inside is cute, and the people working there are nice. There is a daily special flavor, but i've never gotten it. I stick to vanilla, but when cashew caramel is made fresh next time i'm there, I may just have to try it!
5	Ice cream is by far my favorite dessert.  I could eat it everyday after every meal.  When you put a place right next door to my favorite pizza joint, BINGO!  I think you have found perfection!After I ate my pizza at Grimaldis I walked next door to get a frozen custard.  I chose vanilla and got Oreos and pretzel pieces mixed into it.  A little sweet and salty combo.  It was delicious!  It was called a concrete.  Ted Drewes in St. Louis was the inventor of the concrete and Nielsens comes damn close to being an exact replica.  It was only 5 bucks and they give you a gigantic cup full.  I barely could finish it.  If you want to hit up 2 "best of" things in Vegas I would recommend dinner next door at Grimaldis and dessert at Nielsens.  In my opinion, it may be the best combo of eateries that are right next door to each other in the whole USA.
4	This place was super hyped because of the Yelp reviews and all the posters they had up. I was not disappointed. We tried the Vanilla Cherry and Mint Oreo concrete and they were both delicious. I liked the Mint Oreo much more because I'm a sucker for mint n' chip and Oreos. It was so smooth and tasty you know it was destroying my insides. The cashier was super friendly and entertaining. He educated us on the art of eating frozen custard and made us laugh. Great escape from the Vegas heat. My only regret is that I'm lactose intolerant. Rumble.
4	Cake Batter, Kit-Kat...and i ordered a waffle cone, and mixed in the scoop combo into the cone! the waffle cone tasted really really good. perfect custom combo blossom!come here after Grimaldis!
5	Delicious!I was sold on the vanilla alone.  I usually like to try other flavors but there vanilla custard was so creamy delicious I had to have a single scoop of that.  I've heard the concrete is easily big enough for 2 people, but I'd say even 3 can share it.The service was excellent and this was a perfect topper to dinner.  I'll definitely come back here!
5	Damn! This stuff is amazing!The chocolate is great but the vanilla is to die for!!!!!
4	Thank you Jeff for trying to bring my body fat to the normal range for women...  Not!  Ha ha ha..  This place is just as good as Coldstone Creamery, if not better.  I loved my root beer float!  While I was hoping to get strawberry, the flavor was not available last Saturday, so I settled for vanilla.  The vanilla was unbelievable!   If you have a Neilsen's Frozen Custard in your area, you should definitely treat yourself to a sinful treat!
5	This is as creamy and rich as it gets.  I love the atmosphere of a '50's soda shop with all the nostalgic memorabilia and music of the era.My fav is chocolate with raspberries and toasted almonds!
5	This is place is a must try if you are in Las Vegas. We always get the vanilla chocolate chip concrete when we stop by. I have nothing negative to say about this place. I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! =_
5	Can a frozen treat get any better than this... uhhh NO! Nielsen's is a little hard to find from the outside.. but once you get in, it is just so stinkin cute. Old 50's-ish music and a lot of antiques displayed all around. My favorite thing to get is the concrete.. I always split it with someone because it is way too much for 1 person. You can make it into anything you want... my most memorable is mint custard, brownies, and oreos... Sounds simple?? Well, your taste buds and mouth will thank you for something with a much better texture than fro yo and ice cream... So, for about $6 you and a friend have a tasty dessert that will not disappoint.
4	If you have never had frozen custard, then you are definitely missing out.  Since there are more egg yolks added than ice cream, it leads to a more unctuous and smooth texture.  It is usually served as soft serve.  You get a much better texture and flavor profile and it is not cloyingly sweet as many of the other mix-in ice cream shops.  When we went, they had chocolate, vanilla, and pumpkin.  The addition of a bit of pumpkin puree results in a less dense custard compared to vanilla.You can also customize to your heart's content by adding different items or making a float.  I think of it like a DQ Blizzard or McFlurry, but at a much much  higher level.  I recommend ordering the concrete with some fruit mixed in.  It beats the pants off of a sissy ass frozen yogurt.
5	I love their frozen custard. A scoop of vanilla and choc everytime :). Yummy!
5	I love me some frozen custard!  We have been coming to this establishment since it opened and we are still big fans of their product.  Their custard is like a silky, smooth, tasty, and rich ice cream.  It is just better than regular ice cream or frozen yogurt.  They make what they call a concrete, which is their version of a DQ's Blizzard.  For me, the texture of the custard is just so clean,  Even by itself, with no toppings or mix-ins, it is a treat.  If you are in the area of Silverado Ranch, you should stop by and enjoy a nice dessert.
4	Busy Sunday full of errands and we were craving some icy sweets. I did a quick Yelp Mobile search for Ice Cream and Yogurt in the area. My search yielded a few results, but Nielsen's had the best reviews. We pulled in and THANK GOODNESS we did! WOW! I was super impressed with my Concrete. I ordered the Raspberry Cheesecake under the advice of some Yelpers and wow, wow, wow. Thanks guys, great recommendation! HUGE portion for $5 (you could serve two from this), great flavor, loved the chunks of cheesecake mixed in there. My husband had a Heath Bar Concrete and was also impressed. I can say that when we are in the Green Valley area again we will have to stop and try a shake or float. Yummers!
4	There's nothing better than Nielsen's Frozen Custard after lunch at Grimaldi's. Actually, there are plenty of better things. But there's nothing better than starting a review off with a superlative. That's probably not true either.I've been here a few times (once at the St George location), but I never get adventurous with my order. I just get a scoop or two of frozen custard. No Concretes. No toppings. Just plain, smooth custard goodness. Nielsen's custard selection is very minimal. You get vanilla, chocolate, or the flavor of the day. That may seem like a bummer, but today was butter pecan and that did not disappoint.There's really nothing magical about Nielsen's. It's just damn good in an old-fashioned kind of way. I think it's because of how thick and creamy the custard is. From the first to the last spoonful, it's a consistent treat.
4	I went to Grimaldi's for take out since it was packed  normally for  a Sunday night. I had my two kids w/ me so they were being real impatient so I decided to check out this Frozen Custard  place next door. When we got inside I noticed the cute old style decor. Very cool. I thought that the  girls at the counter were pretty cute but not really friendly or smiling or anything.  They were ok. Maybe they were having a bad day or maybe they saw the long line appearing as soon as I went in. I joked to the girl at the register how busy it was next door & she just looked at me & didn't say anything. Hey at least they were quick to serve. My kids can be indecisive so luckily for a scoop in a cone or cup there's only 3 flavors. Chocolate, vanilla or the flavor of the day which was mint oreo. We got all three. All very delicious! Loved it!! They had so many other flavor in pints. I might have to come back & try them out. I can't wait to come back & bring some custard home.
5	The frozen custard here is AMAZING! It's so creamy and delicious, I can literally come here everyday. They have chocolate and vanilla and a new flavor of the day everyday. You can get them in cups or waffle cones with all different sorts of toppings too. And if you can't get enough, you can buy quarts or pints to bring home too. YUMMMMM!
5	What is frozen custard? It's a frozen dessert made with more egg yolk and thus thicker, creamier, smoother, and less airy than ice cream. It's also served at a warmer temperature which won't numb your tastebuds and thus more flavorful!I didn't even know this place existed, but I was driving down Eastern Ave and my friend shouted "OMG FROZEN CUSTARD!!!" So of course we had to stop and try.They offer vanilla, chocolate, and flavor of the day (Oreo Mint that day). It comes in a variety of ways. You get get scoops in a cone or cup or blended like a Mcflurry. I chose a vanilla sundae topped with bumbleberry.http://media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/eFo7q6d8cGzxOpWJT_6Kag/lIt was creamy, melt in your mouth delicious! Hard to explain, easy to indulge. Please do yourself a favor and try this place out.
5	Two types of people will read this review: 1) those who know frozen custard and are looking for the best place and 2) those poor saps who have no idea what frozen custard is and are trying to figure out what the hype is all about. .If you're in type 1... Go to Nielsen's -- it's the best. Hands Down. If you're in type 2, read these reviews to find out that frozen custard is pretty much the best, richest ice cream you can imagine, plus four... Then go to Nielsen's because they have the best frozen custard in town. I've been eating at Nielsen's for as long as I can remember. My great-grandparents lived just down the street from their first location in Bountiful, Utah. (The picture of that one is up on the wall... which gave me chance to wax nostalgic and take a moment to remember sharing the heavenly goodness with "Oma and Opa"). Let's just say it was good enough then that we would pack a cooler with dry ice to take a few pints back to California with us after a visit.I'm happy to report that the Vegas location lives up to the original tradition and is well worth a visit.
4	Would give this place a 4.5 if I could.  This was our first time going and we were pleasantly surprised with the product.  They only have 3 flavors available to order.  Vanilla, Chocolate, and flavor of the day.  The vanilla was better than the chocolate is both of our opinion and the root beer (flavor of the day) was very good.  The manager made sure we tasted the flavors before we ordered because it was our first time.  Many options and very easy to share as their portions are large :)  We highly recommended!
4	First time trying frozen custard and was impressed. Shared a almond toffee concrete and thought it was too big that 3 people could have ate that behemouth. The custard was so rich I could feel the calories making me gain weight as I took every spoonful. Definitely like the frozen custard more than fro-yo phenomena.
5	Nielsen's.... you are heaven in my mouth.  THIS IS THE GOLDEN STANDARD FOR ALL FROZEN TREATS!I am an ice cream fiend and crave it constantly as if I were addicted to it.  I go through withdrawals, and sometimes get the shakes when I am deprived.  So you know I eat a lot of ice cream/yogurt/custard, and try as many places as possible.  I have been to a lot of good places in San Francisco, Berkeley and the rest of the bay area, but hands down, Nielsen's is the best in any form of frozen treat.Whenever I have a car and am visiting the Vegas area, I will make multiple stops in a day.  The first time I tried Nielsen's, I was in Vegas for a three day trip, and had it 5 times.  The custard is creamy, not too sweet, delicious and the mouth feel is AMAZING.I cannot recommend this place enough.  If you are in Vegas, rent a car for a day so you can make multiple visits to Nielsen's... seriously, do it.
4	Nice place that has a very family run feel to it. The concretes are awesome and are huge. Cost is ok for the size concrete you get but that brings me to my only complaint. I wish they offered the concretes in multiple sizes instead of just the pint size.Awesome dessert and especially after pizza next door at Grimaldi's.
4	The smooth texture of the frozen custard is un-beatable.  I've been to a couple other frozen custard places but I still like this one the best.  Although it's creamy and sweet the ice cream should be it's not too rich the way a place like Cold Stone could be.  I favor the Concretes which you can add items to your chocolate or vanilla flavors to create what you want.  My personal favorite is the blueberry added to the vanilla custard with pieces of waffle cone = heaven.
4	I've never had frozen custard before and me and the bf decided to come here after a wonderful day at Mandalay Beach. I do have a sweet tooth so this place definitely does it for me. From what I've learned about frozen custard they use less air in the process and eggs? someone correct me if im wrong..but you get a thicker and heavier consistency. We tried the cookies and cream and it came in a large cup that we both couldnt finish but it was real good! i think this place is better than Luv It and the place is nicer too..
4	frozen custard and being lactose don't go together so well, but who cares? i was in vegas! it was my first time and i had the lemon frozen custard.  it was big, it was creamy, it was lemony, it was delicious.  what more can i say?now go get yourself some nielsen's and don't forget the lactaid!!!
5	Just when I thought Luv-it would be my go to place for frozen custard in Las Vegas, I stumble upon lovely Nielsen's. I gotta say though, this place is pretty comparable to Luv-it (in terms of selection and prices) but because of the convenience factor (it's closer to my 'hood) I gotta give the full 5 stars. I find it somewhat amusing that the outside is modern architecture looking but when you enter Nielsen's, it's as if you're in a time warp because it's super old school ice cream parlor status inside. :P They offer chocolate and vanilla everyday and a different flavor of the day. I was kind of hoping they would offer more flavors each day rather than the three. Although I wanted to get a sundae AND a pint of their butter pecan, I didn't want to overindulge and decided on their pint. Their butter pecan is delightful! It's uberly creamy, great balance of pecans mixed in. Not too sweet tasting. My fiance bought the root beer float with the vanilla custard and it was awesome. They put the right balance of root beer and custard. The custard didn't dissolve quickly into the root beer which made it even more enjoyable. Considering the rising gas prices that discourage me from commuting very far, I'm so happy that I can enjoy a fresh cup of frozen custard not too far from my home. At the same time, I think I might need to hit the gym more often to counter the weight I anticipate on gaining from the frequent appearances I will be making.
5	First time having frozen custard and it was amazing. So smooth in your mouth. What have I been missing all these years. Too bad there is no frozen custard place in LA, if there is one I haven't found it. All I can say is its heaven in your mouth. For basically $6.00 you get a almost pint size serving. (the concrete) Basically they have chocolate and vanilla and then they mix it to the flavor that you want. In terms of texture and taste, the best ice cream I ever had.Its a 50's looking decor when you walk in. It's so good. Can't wait to get back to Vegas to have some more....
5	Tried the chocolate malt toffee concrete.  It was so good, tasted homemade, even two of us couldn't finish it.  It was enjoyable as Vegas was so hot.  Wish there were more places like this around.
5	Doesn't get any better than this. Blows Cold Stone and Hagen Daz out of the water.I always get the caramel cashew concrete and ask them to stir the caramel in at the end so there's a caramel ribbon.  Amazing!My husband got pistachio concrete.  Just what it puports to be. Custard and fresh pistachios. The girl at the counter was a little apologetic- thought we'd want some kind of syrup. Heck no!  It was perfect.
5	Great service, great price, quality eats, and nostalgic decor. Great place to get away from the chains and cookie cutter yogurt places that keep popping up.
5	One word explains it all: HEAVENLY.
4	This was my first time having frozen custard.  I didn't think i would be amazed with something so simple. I've tried it all from fro yo to shaved ice to fried ice cream.  I didn't know know there could be more ways of enjoying a frozen treat. I'm going to dream about it until i make another trip to vegas.
5	We were in Las Vegas this past weekend and we wanted some dessert. We had heard about how great Nielsens Frozen Custard was. I wasn't too sure what frozen custard was since I had never had it. WOW!! I had no idea what I was missing!  It was THE BEST!!! It's not an exaggeration at all. It makes regular ice cream seem blah. We tried the vanilla first, then chocolate, then the flavor of the day: raspberry cheesecake. All were absolutely amazing. We loved it so much we went back the next day. I wish we had a Nielsen's in Northern California :( Now I have to make another excuse to go back to Las Vegas :D
4	Talk about a cream-gasm.Nielsen's is one heck of a custard shop. Instead of the buffet counter service you get to walk up, order, and watch the servers mix your custard fresh. Its creamy, luscious, and is an automatic smile after a long day.Custard cannot cure illness, but insure can cure the blues. Nielsen's makes custard with a bit of happiness sprinkled in.
4	We ordered our first ever concretes (shakes that you eat with a spoon).  http://www.nielsensfrozencustard.net/ Ann chose chocolate with brownies while I enjoyed the chocolate with toffee bits.  We each managed to finish our concretes though in the future we will share one.
4	Went here for one of our impromptu dates (which basically means I get off of work at a decent hour so I have time to say hi to my man). We had just finished at Grimaldi's and I was feeling the dessert....so we walk right next door (how convenient). The line was long so we knew it must be good. The menu has many options for their concretes (like a Blizzard) and 3 flavors of custard. I opted for vanilla custard with malt and pretzels. My man played it simple and ordered a waffle cone with vanilla custard. We were both blown away. It was so creamy, so smooth, so delightful. It is a bit expensive for ice cream (we paid $10.50 for two) but it was worth it. Will definitely be back soon for the hot summer months to come.
5	It is frozen custard do I need to say more??? This is the place to go if you are wanting ice cream. the concretes are just the bomb!!! orange cow, banana everyone I have tried has been great!
5	Sooo good!  Ice cream and yogurt can't even compete.The raspberry cheesecake is delicious.  The portions are huge.  The decor in the store reminded me of a chilis with a homey feel.
4	Nothing else like it! Way better than regular ice cream- so rich and creamy!
5	I first fell in love with frozen custard when i was visiting family back in Wichita. There isnt many places out in California that has or tasted the same as what i had before.I was totally ecstatic when Minh D said he wanted to take me here before we left Vegas. Walking into this place is like a time warp (think late 50's early 60's). We were greeted by a friendly cashier who gave us time to look over the menu. You get to choose either chocolate, vanilla or their flavor of the day which was raspberry (if im remembering correctly). I deicded on getting a single chocolate with crushed maraschino cherrys. For $2.87 they give you alot and dont hold back on the toppings either!!One bite of the frozen treat and i was in pure custard heaven,it was thick and creamy and just all around yummy!!If your craving some cheap yet delish frozen custard and cant make a trip back to the mid-west then this is the place to stop by!!
5	Funny aftertaste gone....my malt and waffle cone concrete was brilliant. I brought my favorite (but a tough yelper) foodie friend along because I was raving about this place....he agreed that it was one of the best ice cream (or custard) places he has ever been to. We will all be back soon :)
4	I wasn't so fond of the cashier girl that day, but Apple Pie Concrete was SO good, I'll come back anyways.
5	I love ice cream but frozen custard is so much better. This was my first time getting frozen custard and I got Heath Toffee with Almonds. It's really creamy and next time I go I'm definitely trying Cherry Chocolate Chip! :)
4	Stopped in to try their concrete. My husband and I each ordered our own: Oreo and Carmel Cashew. Damage was $11, it seemed to be on the pricey side. We dug in and it was cool, creamy and full of flavor. And way too much for any one person (we each ate about a 1/4 and tossed the rest). If you can agree on a flavor these are best for sharing. $5 for custard for two is more like it, as well.
5	It is hard to find an ice cream or Frozen custard shop that I do not like, but few of them are exceptionally memorable for me.  In the case of Nielsen's Frozen Custard, I must say that I am now a dedicated customer!  Of course the product is amazing, the choices are endless and the facility wonderfully clean, but my experience will go down in history due to the friendly service.  As I walked in with a "wanting custard" induced gaze, lost ,I was immediately invited to the counter by the owner operator of the shop.  He introduced himself politely and offered me a sampling of his fresh, daily made frozen custard.  He pointed out to me on the menu what was most popular and made a couple of suggestions.  After placing my order he conversed with me about the local shops, the area and the region and made a few suggestions on site seeing.  I really look forward to making Nielsen's a regular stop for myself and friends.  He finished my order and I devoured it.  Not only delicious plain, the custard makes wonderful creations.  The only thing that I would have done differently would have been to stay in the shop while I ate my custard and bring many friends along for the experience.  Absolutely incredible!  If you are up for a custard, just send me a message and I will meet you there! We can have a great conversation and enjoy a local Las Vegas hidden gem.  Thanks for reading.
5	I'm from Saint Louis, MO where frozen custard is religion.  I don't really like ice cream, but I'll fight ya for some frozen custard!  We've been going to Nielson's since they opened on Sunset. On our first visit the owner was talking about fro custard to the patrons in line. He stopped by us and asked if we'd ever had it. I replied simply, "I'm from Saint Louis." His response, "Ted Drewes!" Turns out he not only knows about Ted Drewes (landmark status, ppl..recognize! LOL) He's actually friends with Ted, the man himself.How to describe frozen custard to the newbie?? That famous foodie phrase, "it's a texture thing." If you are a lover of premium ice cream, frozen custard is much denser, and much creamier.  You will never find that sharp, ice crystal feeling in a frozen custard. It is pure, rich, creamy frozen velvet.The young staff at Neilson's is very friendly and helpful. We're always impressed with each visit with the warmth of such young workers. I can't say the same for the owner any more. I realize he's quite busy these days, but each time we see him there he comes off as quite harried and stern.  We've all been there...when you're in the weeds you just smile and keep going.  That vibe almost led me to put it at 4 stars, but that would not be fair. Superior product and a deserving staff demand 5 stars!
4	The BF and I shared a concrete with caramel and pecans ($5.69) after lunch. The consistency was very smooth and creamy. Even with caramel blended into the custard it wasn't too sweet, but just right and I like that the pecans were toasted and lightly salted giving a much better flavor to the nuts and giving it a salted butter caramel taste. Yum! The staff seems nice, but the person in the front almost charged us wrong until another person corrected him. Must be new and $5.69 was gonna be like $7.80. There are a few options when it comes to custard in town, but so far this has been the most enjoyable. I definitely will be back!
4	the custard is amazing, way better than regular ice cream.  The service was not as amazing. The staff was not rude but they weren't friendly either.
5	This place reminds me of the places you would see in Leave it to Beaver or the Dobby Gillis Show. This mid-twenty year old will stop pretending like he knows what that time period was like. But this place does have an classic feel. The decor resembles an old fashion soda shop. The person working behind the counter was very friendly and generous with the tasting. He initially offered a taste of the vanilla, but we were intrigued by the lemon. He did not even hesitate to give us a try. The store offers three flavors each day which are made with meticulous care and effort. Two staples are vanilla and chocolate with an alternative flavor that changes everyday. Today's flavor was lemon. What a great flavor for the summer. Have I stressed how refreshing the combination of citrus and berries are for the perfect treat to beat the heat? Instead of going with a raspberry, strawberry, or blueberry, I went for the bumbleberry. I cannot tell the difference between it and a blackberry, but according to the internet, a bumbleberry is a mix between a burple and binkel berry. One is sweet while the other is tart giving a more neutral flavor. The mix was nice, but I wish the lemon was a bit more tart. My concrete came out to five dollars. I could barely level out the top of my pint to put a lid on it before I gave up. My sister ordered a single scoop of lemon in a waffle cone and it was only three dollars. The prices are hard to beat.
5	My roommate from Seattle first introduced me to frozen custard, and ever since, I have been a big fan of the stuff. The best stuff has proven to be velvety, creamy, and light all at the same time. Nielsen's certainly proves to be one of the best I've ever had.Evoking strong feelings of nostalgia, the decor is certainly eclectic with license plates, signed photographs, and other wacky pieces adorning the walls. On the other hand, the product itself evokes fond memories of my first frozen custard in Seattle. I ordered the Flavor of the Day, Lemon, and instantly, didn't regret the decision. Euphoria couldn't come any quicker. My brother ordered a Concrete, a thick milkshake, with the Flavor of the Day mixed in with Bumbleberry. The both of us, not being fans of the overtly sweet, were in love upon first taste. The lemon mixed with the mysterious bumbleberry was perfect for the hot summer day we faced. The service was more than accomodating. The person behind the counter gave us a quick explanation of the menu items, quickly handing us samples, and serving up the frozen custard promptly.The concept was nothing novel for me; however, the decor, service, and the product surpassed any experience I've had in Seattle.
5	I made my entire family drive 30 minutes to try this frozen custard AND it was worth it !!!  Creamy tasty, great service.The vanilla was awesome !  The chocolate was chocolate ( not a huge fan but the kids liked it),My husband had an Orange Cow concrete which made me feel like an 8 year old with the hugest creamcicle ever!Flavor of the day:  Bumble berry very good.I intend to go back! SOON.
5	Delicious custard!! even though they only have chocolate, vanilla, and whatever special for the day.. there are tons of other options that can mix vanilla, chocolate with. if you can try and get the bumble berry!!always satisfying.
4	I am not a big fan of desserts; however, when you are in the mood for some custard/ice cream, this is the place to go! The taste of their custard is simply amazing and its a great place to go. Whether you are in the mood yourself, or picking up larger quart sizes for a group, its great for all occasions. The staff there is always nice and helpful. Be sure to look at all the memorabilia as you walk through the shop, its very interesting!
4	The frozen custard was very good, was very smooth and tasty.  Like most ice cream places, it's a little expensive, but nothing out of the ordinary.  The place was also decorated with all sorts of old items and seemed to be a relaxing place to sit.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	This was my first time having "frozen custard".  It wasn't too bad, it was the same as ice cream more or less.  I would rather just have regular ice cream though.This place is pretty similar to coldstone in that you mix stuff in.  I had an apple pie mix in.  It was pretty good.  Around $4 so it was decently priced.I'd rather go to coldstone though.
4	So thick, so yummy...it's perfect for that time you want to indulge!!
5	This could become an addiction!  This stuff is so good!  We stumbled upon this place on a visit to Vegas.  As soon as we entered the door, we were asked if we had been there before.  We said 'no' and we had the menu explained to us and given sample of the flavors.  I had chocolate and vanilla in a waffle cone.  It's so hard to explain how good it was.  On our drive out of Vegas, we stopped again!  I'm still thinking about that custard.
5	we were at grimaldi's pizza next door, and the past two times i went to grimaldi's, nielsen's was closed. it was just my luck that when we went on friday afternoon for lunch that i saved room for dessert! when you walk in, there are old signs and memorabilia covering all of the walls. they have 3 flavors of frozen custard made everyday. chocolate, vanilla and their flavor of the day. that day their flavor of the day was butter pecan. the guy behind the counter was very nice and offered tasters. the butter pecan was pretty good but too sweet for me, but i personally dont like pecan pies and thats what it reminded me of. everyone else liked it though and got a scoop. you can get the frozen custard in a cup or cone, or as a cement which is like a blizzard, and i think a milk shake or sundae. they have a bunch of different toppings you can also get. the bf and i split a scoop of vanilla with oreo topping. the frozen custard was just like a mcdonalds ice cream but way more firm. i liked that it was super firm because it still kept shape until we finished eating it. i really liked this place from the frozen custard to the decor!
3	Eh.. It was all right.. I didn't really step out of my box with this place which I probably should have.  For me Ice Cream is Ice Cream.  I can't really tell the difference between frozen custard, frozen yogurt or frozen gelato or whatever or however fancy it gets.  We had the Vanilla, the Chocolate and the risque "Orange Cow" which was supposed to taste like orangesicle but minus the orange.  I guess the best part of this place was the antique ice cream parlor vibe and their collection of assorted root bear.. but that's my story..Good times with some family though..
3	Its good custard. The employees could use their outdoor voice to call your name. Seating could be better as well. Had the Brownie concrete. Tasty but I'm sure better places are out there like Culvers which Vegas has yet to get.
5	Nom nom nom.
4	This place is really good but not easy on the stocmach if you are lactose intollerant. I didn't think I was that bad...but I GUESSED WRONG! The custard was soooo good though I couldn't stop eating it and suffered the pain later! If you have never had it...you have to try it. Its well worth it!
5	If you've never tried custard, you should give it a try.  It's like ice cream on delicious velvety steroids.  The mix-ins and concretes (with and without) nuts are terrific.
5	OMG. The cute nostalgic decor. The amazing frozen custard. OMG. The place was FULL on a week night. I would have licked the bowl if I didn't think people were watching and judging. I only got the vanilla so I can't even imagine the awesomeness of everything else. Will have to bring some home next time. A single scoop is not enough.
3	I LOVE ICE CREAM!!!! Saw all the good reviews and decided to give frozen custard a try! The  vanilla custard taste exactly like McDonalds ice cream. So i got the chocolate toffee concrete. They said that it'll take a long time for frozen custard to melt but mine started melting as soon as they handed the custard over to me. Frozen custard isn't too bad. But not worth driving like 30mins for like some people. Thankfully i live only couple streets over. I would definitely go back again maybe in a couple months from now...=)If your curious about frozen custard and never tried it...just give it a try here...who knows you might like it more than me.
5	WHERE: Eastern and Richmar (right next to Cafe Rio)WHEN: Monday-Thursday, 12pm-10pm. Friday-Saturday, 12pm-11pm. Sunday, 1pm-9pm.WHY: It is definitely one of the 100 things you must try before you die!! (The sign said so itself, and I agree completely).WHAT: While my friend and I were waiting for our meeting to start, we decided to head next door.  This was the first time I have seen and heard of such craziness!I wanted to try one flavor in a small cup. Fyi, if you do decide to choose one flavor and not go all crazy with your choice, there are only 3 of them you may choose from (vanilla, chocolate, and their flavor of the day). Their flavor was raspberry with cheesecake bits that day.I am not too big on ice cream or frozen yogurt, so I came in with an "ehh, I'll try it" type attitude, but after I got to taste and survive the madness, I ended up leaving with an "oh my lawdyyy, I love it" attitude!To keep it short and sweet, it was incredible and worth your time and drive! Go try it. Now! Go, go, go!!
5	Homeade frozen custard and old school decor. It does not get better than that. I really have nothing bad to say about this place. The items in the store are reminiscent of American pop culture at its best.
5	I thought ice cream couldn't get any better until I found Nielsen's. My first time having frozen custard and it was AMAZING. If you like Rich and Creamy this is def the spot for you. Nielsen's is doing it right. My only request is to put one in Summerlin...Please
3	3.5 starsBlueberry blended custard. They give you a lot but you can eat some and freeze it and eat it again later. I'm not a big sweets gal but the custard is tasty. It's a little bit rich and heavy for me so I think it's something I can eat once or twice a year. On the other hand, my friend who likes sweets ate the whole cup of the Blueberry blended custard in one sitting and by herself. So, I think this dessert depends on the type of person you are.
5	Very awesome custard ice cream! I love the shakes, super creamy, decently priced, friendly staff in the late afternoon.
4	I came here after dinner. Was very cute and they gave a sample of all the custards that were featured that day. Very friendly staff.  The portions are healthy and very creamy
5	The custard here is absolutely Amazing! We shared a coconut pineapple (or was it just coconut?) concrete for about 5 bucks and it was more than enough for the both of us. We actually had about 1/4 of the cup leftover when we were both done. The custard is so flavorful, rich, creamy, and smooth. Just the thought of it makes my mouth water! The decor of the place really sets the "old fashioned" mood as well. They have lots of nostalgic signs/posters adorning the walls, old trinkets on shelves, pastel colored paint, and a brick wall on one side. It's very cute and definitely takes you away from all the modern style froyo joints all over town. The only con I can really think of is that they didn't accept our Amazon Local Deal from our phone. They said it had to be printed out. No biggie though. It gives me an excuse to come back ;)
5	This place is classic, simple, and delicious.  There are only three flavors to choose from: chocolate, vanilla, and the flavor of the day.  The custard is ultra creamy, dreamy, and decadent.  The toppings are legit! Real hot fudge, gooey butterscotch - yum - o !!Furthermore, it is super cool inside!  Tons of fun memorabilia and nostalgic decor.  My husband says...."I wouldn't normally use this word, but this place is 'cute'."Awesome stop for families or date night!
5	I wish I could review more of the items they offer here, but I can't. I've been to Nielsen's at least 15 times - and I've only ordered one thing. The hot fudge sundae. Man, I can't get enough of it. They offer a different flavor of the day. Again, yet to try any of them. But my friends haven't had a problem with any of the ones they've tried. They've been serving hot chocolate over the winter, with the option of adding some of their custard to it. Damn, that was tempting. But the thought of missing out on the hot fudge sundae, was too appealing to choose the hot chocolate instead. One day, maybe, I'll get have enough determination to try something new. But for now, I am completely content just ordering hot fudge sundaes. I just wish Nielsens wasn't so far from me.
4	After placing an order at Grimaldi's next door and was told we had a 20 minute wait, the bf and I decided to browse the plaza. It's a cute little place with lots of knick-knacks on the walls and entertaining signs. We were getting the pizza to go, so might as well get the ice cream to go.Decided on the Oreo Frozen Custard, but since there weren't any more pints left (and thinking we couldn't finish a quart).. the staff recommended that we get a "concrete" version of the oreo. And so it sat.. inside my purse for the remaining EXTRA 20 minutes we had to wait for our pizza, eating the pizza when we got home and me finally realizing it was in my purse about an hour after we bought it.IT WAS STILL EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD! I would definitely come back. :)
5	Can't believe I've never tried this place before! Tried this after school a week ago, pretty close to UNLV. I had the flavor of the day which was a chocolate chip, had a single scoop on a cone which was amazingly soft and just lovely. My bf had the raspberry cheesecake concrete which I loved even more!!!! Be sure to try the concretes! I ended up finishing his. Better than ice cream and fro-yo! This is a must either you're a local or a visitor!
5	My fiancee and myself finally got to visit here yesterday. The daily flavor was chocolate chip. The very polite & nice young man behind the counter asked if it was our first visit, as to which we replied yes. He then offered little spoon samplings of all 3 flavors. Well I didn't know which to get, they were all so yummy. Well today or tomorrow I am going back to get some pints for the freezer.. They had all kinds of flavors in the case, like lemon, strawberry, just to name a few. I am going to get strawberry and the chocolate chip. By the way my fiance & I only had a small cone each because we were going to eat dinner and we didnt want to fill up. Well the cone filled me up !! And what a great value !! The nice young man gave us quite a big scoop and as I recall it was only $2.22. They serve the cones in this little plastic thing called a drip catcher (neat idea)... I LOVE NIELSENS !! Glad it's only 10 miles from me (or maybe this is a bad thing..LOL)
5	Loved it!  Reminded me of the frozen custard I would eat in PA. Yummy.
4	Cute little custard shop, home of the "concrete".  What on earth is that?  Well, it's their version of the "sunday" with added items to flavored custard.  So I decided to try one.  I love chocolate so that was my base custard, then they have coconut and chocolate brownies, so why not.  Wait, they have this one already, under the combination "concretes", its the chocolate, coconut with brownie.  It was delicious.  Very creamy and the brownie fresh.  Worth the trip across town once in a while.
5	Ice cream? What's that. You gotta try this place. It puts Ice cream to shame.  At first, I came here w/my brother and friend and I refused to eat there. I was stuffed. They bought a cup and gave me a spoon. It was sitting right there so I took a courtesy taste. Then another... then another... then another... Nielsen's wins. This tastes like ice cream but its soft and it tastes creamy. I can't even explain it other than you just need to try it once when you get chance. I promise you won't regret it.
4	Great frozen custard place.They have vanilla, chocolate and flavor of the day.If you like creamy, then you'll love it here.Reasonable prices.
4	Frozen Custard... like the yellow custard that we put in pastries... but frozen?That was the first thought that came to mind when I first saw this place in Utah. However, after my first bite, I found myself craving more. I was so ecstatic when I found out they opened one in LV.No, it's not the typical "custard", it's just like ice cream... but better! It's so smooth and creamy, you can't help but fall in love. They usually have vanilla, chocolate or the flavor of the day which you can order scoops of or you can get a concrete which is basically like a dairy queen blizzard. I've gotten both a coconut pineapple (w/ vanilla) concrete and an oreo concrete. Both were absolutely delicious and I can't wait for the day when I can come back and try more. :D
3	My wife and I were both suffering from dry throats so what better way is there to nurse our afflictions than by sharing a chocolate concrete (a shake you eat with a spoon) at Nielsen's Frozen Custard?   It was decadent and delicious.
4	Tried this in Rochester when visiting a friend and it was so good. When I realized that there was a store just down the street in Vegas, I was super excited to try!I tried 2 scoops-vanilla and chocolate..liked the choc beter.They also have a ton of toppings if you so desire. And I can't wait to try the concrete everyone raves about.Its a cute place and was packed when i got there. The staff is prompt and friendly and patient too..will be going back for sure.
5	Words cannot begin to describe how good this custard is. I had the orange cow concrete and it literally tastes like an orange creamsickle. Hands down, may be the best custard in Vegas (ok, maybe it's a tie with Luv-It). It's really, really thick, so I ate half there and took the rest home, put it in the freezer, then continued the custard party later in the evening.
4	Once again my GF took me to try this place out since I'm an out of towner.....boy oh boy was the custard bomb, the way frozen custard is supposed to taste...creamy and orgasmic when you take your first lick, no homo. minus 1 star for the service, horrible, not a single "HEY, HI! HELLO!"....just a bunch of random idiotic high school looking kids who look miserable serving frozen custard to guests, I mean I would be too...all they do is pull down on some lever to make the custard flow down from the custard machine. These kids need to smile more, real talk. Maybe we came in a wrong time, not going there again when these punks are working that's for sure, I might end up making one of them cry if they piss me off with that stuck up/rude attitude again, especially around my GF who went out of her way to ask how the cashier's day was,....not a single response back like we were idiots speaking some other language or something.p.si'm only speaking about the S. Eastern location in Vegas. End Rant.
5	Nielsen's Frozen Custard is my new favorite treat. I haven't the slightest clue why there aren't more Nielsen's Frozen Custards or any other frozen custard joints around!! (And why not in Hawaii where it's warm almost all year long??) Why are "regular" ice cream and yogurt parlors so much more popular?! Frozen custard is where it's at!...I really cannot begin to express the amount of joy one cup of Nielsen's Frozen Custard brings me. I am in love with its rich flavor, and its smooth, thick, and creamy texture. I seriously can't get enough of it. JUST LIKE THE MOVIESAs far as the ambience goes, it is reminiscent of a 1930s ice cream parlor. Very cute with that authentic, old fashioned vibe. (Like in the movies! Hah!)FRESHAt Nielsen's Frozen Custard, they claim to make the frozen custard fresh daily with no preservatives and no artificial ingredients. Woohoo! None of that synthetic, mysterious freak show stuff here!MADE WITH EGGS?Yes, yes, yes! Nielsen's Frozen Custard is made with egg. Sounds weird, but it's really not. The egg is what allows for the extra smooth, creamy texture that frozen custard is known for. (There isn't enough egg put into the recipe to where the frozen custard tastes eggy.) Also, frozen custard has less air content than other ice cream, which accounts for its thicker and heavier consistency. You can totally feel (and taste) the difference! 3 FLAVORS YIELD A PLETHORA OF OPTIONSAs for the flavors of the custard, they only offer 3: vanilla, chocolate, and flavor of the day. (The vanilla is decadent and creamy beyond belief!) These basic flavors are the gateway to a bunch of other flavor profiles, or what they like to call, "Concretes". Concretes are the extra thick version of a shake, made to be eaten with a spoon. They are a magical blend of either vanilla or chocolate frozen custard and one or a few toppings! My favorite out of the ones I tried is Oreo. The Lemon was also good.VERDICTIf I had the money for it, I'd fly back and forth to Vegas just for some Nielsen's Frozen Custard!  So if you've got an insatiable sweet tooth like me, and you love your ice cream creamy, Nielsen's is the place to go. Yelp 365 - #281/365
5	While house-hunting in Vegas from the Bay Area, our realtor introduced us to this place and WE ARE HOOKED!Although we didn't buy a house NEAR Nielsen's, whenever our plans will take us within range of Nielsen's, we place a chilly bin fully of ice in the trunk of the car so we can buy some quarts to bring home. (Yeah, we are that far away AND it's that hot here!)Totally love the "concrete" and am perfectly satisfied with their vanilla although there are times I'll "mix it up" and get add-ins or try lemon, cookie, mint, etc.Big fan of the Frozen Custard!
5	I'm simultaneously sad and relieved that I don't live near this restaurant, because I would seriously consider going everyday :)  They always have vanilla and chocolate, plus the flavor of the day.  And they can mix in or top with any number of fruit and candy combinations.  I got the vanilla and cherry chocolate chip (flavor of the day).  The vanilla frozen custard is incredibly creamy and rich...the texture is perfect, very smooth and thick.  They also have pre-packaged flavors (oreo, strawberry, butter pecan, etc) that you can take home and put in your freezer.  I will definitely be back to try more flavors combinations, and their concretes!
4	As an undergrad, my roommate -originally from Bountiful, Utah - lamented about the fact that we don't have frozen custard in southern california.  He fondly spoke of Nielsen's and their concretes.  So when I unexpectedly ran into Nielsen's Frozen Custard in Vegas, I had to give it a shot.What makes frozen custard different than ice cream is the addition of eggs to the cream and sugar.  It also has less air run through the mix, so what results is a product that is creamier and denser than ice cream.  If you get one of nielsen's famous "concretes", they mix in the custard with one item and you get a cup of custard that's so thick that your spoon doesn't fall out when you flip it upside down.That being said....did I enjoy it?   I got their vanilla custard and I had it mixed in with caramel.  It was really good, it was creamy, sweet, and fulfilling.  It would be perfect on a hot Vegas summer day.  I can't tell you that it was better than the nationally renowned concretes from Ted Drewes in St Louis (the flavors and creativity of that place was just insane), but I'd definitely recommend Nielsen's to you if you're looking for great food off the strip.  It's also cool that Utah's famous custard place is located right next to Grimaldi's, which is New York's best pizza place.  This fact - the fact that Vegas is becoming a melting pot to some of the nation's best foods - is one of my favorite things about the city.
5	This is where you want to be when its HOT! The concrete is a must! And you can see the Round Oak stove that Deven had restored on American Restoration is in the store for all to see!
5	This place is awesome I come here when I need to get my custard fix.  It always makes me think of clue and mr custord lol
5	I've never had any frozen custard before I moved to Vegas. My fellow Yelpers' reviews on Nielsen tickled my interest on frozen custard. I dug deeper and found out it is similar to ice cream. However, the addition of egg gives it a thicker and creamier texture when compare to ice cream. All these years, I felt totally missed out not knowing the existence of frozen custard.  Nielsen is located right next to Grimaldi's Pizzeria on Eastern Ave. It has ambiance of a 1930's ice cream parlor. Nielsen's frozen custard is made fresh daily, with no preservatives or artificial ingredients. The store offers vanilla, chocolate and flavor of the day daily. They also offer more flavor selections with concrete sizes (in different size cup, chose flavor and toppings and they will mix it for you). Vanilla is definitely one of my favorite flavors. It's super creamy and rich texture is worth the weight gain afterwords. I also like strawberry, butter pecan, caramel cashew and cake batter.Ever since I discovered this store, I became a weekly regular here. I came here at least once a week to fix my sweet tooth and cool myself down from 100+ F Las Vegas sun with the help of yummy frozen custard.
4	Yum.  Nothing like beating the heat with some frozen custard.  Being an east coast boy, this reminds me of summer vacations at the shore.  if they can hook it up with a vanilla/orange swirl, I'll be in heaven.My first time out I only had a simple sundae.  Vanilla ice cream with peanut butter sauce.  My only complaint was that my cup was empty too quickly.The rest of the items on the menu sound equally delicious, and I am sure I will try out these concretes and other sundaes.A few thoughts:1 - The collection of ice cream scoopers on the walls is pretty fun to look at2 - you can get custard to take home, in quarts!3 - There are a few restaurants in the same strip mall, so this is a great dessert4 - What the hell is a bumbleberry?
3	We stopped in again for a chocolate concrete which comes with one add on, in this case toasted coconut which did nothing for the shake.  A great shake, but I am glad we decided to share since it was very filling.
5	I have been to this Nielson's several times, most recently with my kids for their last day of school ice cream.  I have to say, I have never been let down there. My son always gets the Oreo concrete.  It's the vanilla custard with Oreo mixed in.  He can put down the entire thing in 20 minutes!  I usually get mint Oreo, and it takes me two days to eat it, haha!  I have gone a few times with different people, and they have gotten different things as well.  Not once have I heard anyone complain.  Even my 16 year old daughter who doesn't like anything likes it.The staff is always helpful and nice! I sometimes ask for suggested mix in's with their flavor of the day, and they always have something to suggest that sounds delicious! I have never caved and actually gotten one, but maybe someday.I love the atmosphere and decor.  It reminds me of a time when things were simple, and we like to just sit and enjoy our custard.  I would recommend this place to anyone!  I just wish they would build more locations!
5	No complaints.  If you like frozen desserts, this is a must!  * I just wished they made the concretes in smaller sizes, either way I'll still put it down
5	UNBELIEVABLE CONCRETE!  I got the almond and toffee concrete with malt (with vanilla custard).  I had that sucker down in five minutes or less!  JUST TOO GOOD!  It is pricey, but I think it's a guilty pleasure to indulge in periodically.  I'll be back for sure.
5	I stuck to a basic chocolate frozen custard cone, but it was so delicious.  It's the texture that makes it so special - quite thick and perfectly creamy.  Nothing says summer more than stopping by the ice cream counter.
5	I've been here a few times with the wife.  To be honest in the beginning before coming here I've never been a fan of frozen custard, but after coming here I'm now a definite fan!  The only flavor the I have only tried is the toffee almond concrete, I know I should try the other flavors but this one just hits the spot every time!  Now parking can be a bit of a hassle because they share the lot with a couple other restaurants, but it's worth it.
4	Very good.Have been here several times.Had the "concrete" almost every time.  My friend got a "runny" concrete and had no issue swapping it out.Fairly quick service yet can be an issue at times since it seems they are rushing you to get to the next person.  This occured when the person I was with requested a small sample before ordering.  They do have small sampling spoons near the register.Very busy on weekends...lots of fam w/kids.It's like ice cream but better.
2	I was so excited to get custard while in the Vegas area because I have had it at a few places in the midwest. I thought all places made it relatively the same. WRONG. I ordered a chocolate concrete here and it was not chocolate-ey and had a bitter after taste. Everyone saying that it's so good obviously hasn't had custard anywhere else...
3	I've had the real deal, frozen custard/concrete from Ted Drewes. This is similar but not the same as the original. I got the chocolate brownie. Huuuuge portion - definitely enough to split. It's GOOD, don't get me wrong. It's just not as creamy and decadent as other "frozen custards" I have had. This is similar to a DQ Blizzard. Bonus points because they are open late!
3	This place is really cute. I've never had custard before so I don't have anything to compare it to but ice cream...lol. I enjoyed the smooth and creamy texture it has and found it great that it wasn't so rich in flavor; you could actually eat the whole pint without saying "I've had enough of this!" Anyways, I don't think I'll be back because my heart belongs to gelato, more than ice cream, more than custard. I don't mean to bash, it's good, just not something I'll be craving.
5	Tried the oreo concrete this time. it was so good I had it for dinner! Must try if you love deserts..
5	2nd time here and still awesome! I'm high risk type 2 diabetes but definitely worth it!
1	I stopped n a few weeks ago, and i don't see the value or quality that everyone is raving about. I was expecting a much better product, and definitely better service. Maybe it was the wrong employees who served the wrong batch of custard, but ours was gritty and we were not able to finish it. The quality was not there, and I am not one to waste ice cream... Being my favorite meal! We will not npbe returning here. The service was rushed and unhelpful as well... It was as if we were putting them out to serve us.
5	This frozen custard Is out of this world. I've tried it a few other places and this is by far the best. Get a pint togo!
5	When I was younger and I heard people talk about frozen custard, I was like "YUCK!" I was thinking about the type of custards you find in doughnuts. I dont think I can ever go back to regular ice cream joints now that I found Nielsens!  Very flavorful, not too rich, not too sweet, thick, and just all around yummy. They also have the best cookie dough add in then any other ice cream joint I've been too! I wish they had more then just the one location in town.
5	By far the best custard in town.. this place blows Luv-it's Frozen Custard out of the water. Nice location..checkTakes credit and debit... checkMore options and bigger portions for cheaper price.. check.. The concretes are delish. I highly recommend the apple pie concrete and the caramel cashew flavor of the day. The parking lot is a bit of a disaster at lunch and if you come too late you will find yourself driving around aimlessly looking for a spot for a good while.
3	I don't think frozen custard is my kind of thing. I probably wouldn't drive all the way out here for it. That's not to say they're bad since I only had the chocolate frozen custard on a cone. That's all. Wasn't really into trying the other stuff but maybe I'm just too used to ice cream and froyo.
3	This place was ok.  There was nothing special or amazing about it.  It was creamier than normal ice cream.  They only had a few flavors, though- Vanilla, chocolate, and flavor of the day.  They do make their custard fresh everyday, so that might be the issue.  I would like different flavors.  They can't match my favorite flavor which is Quarterback Crunch from Baskin Robins 31. Their service was pretty good.  They brought out the frozen custards to us. It's way out of the way for me to drive, though.
5	I absolutely loved this! It was such a different texture than ice cream and even some frozen custards that I have tried. I was able to sample both chocolate and vanilla. I hope they have the cookies and cream next time I go!
5	Very addicting custard! People there are super super nice. Your custard comes out super fast. I super like this place! :)
3	I had a bit of a sweet tooth after dinner with my bro at Cafe Rio tonight, so I thought I'd give it a try. I heard of Frozen Custard before but never had the chance to try it. Chris got a single scoop bowl flavor of the day comes with a topping of your choice from the list $2.89I got single cone vanilla. $2.29Old school 50's decor and music. Reminds me of a 50's diner. The texture of the frozen custard was like a rich, thick and creamy soft serve! I didn't really get that tingly feeling all over when I have something really good, bummer because I did think it was good. I guess it wasn't AMAZING! hahaAll in all, maybe on a hot summer day, I'll give this place a go again for a tasty treat.
5	All of these reviews are going to get me fired as my trainer is going to assume that I've been up to no good lately. However, Nielsen's Frozen Custard is heavenly and I felt compelled to write them a nice review even though I don't really partake often (don't tell my trainer I've actually been here) as I'm not allowed! I dream of ordering lots of fattening stuff here though. I got hooked taking a few bites of the Concrete that had an entire piece of cherry pie mixed in. Oh man that was good! My mouth salivates just remembering that experience. I need to go work my butt off with my trainer so that I can earn a cheat day soon. #FunFact Nielsen's Frozen Custard appeared on the tv show American Restoration. The owner restored an old stove which is on display at the store. I'm surprised there aren't more photographs of it on Yelp. I'm thinking I will need to come back to Nielsen's... Strictly to take a photograph of the stove for documentary purposes, of course! ;)
4	I don't normally care for custard, but there is a first for everything. This cute little custard shop serves up a cold cup of creamy delight with any toppings you'd want from Captain Crunch cereal to Oreo cookie bits, or as a float. My friend and I shared a portion of vanilla custard with Captain Crunch and Coconut, and it was like literally the best frozen concoction I've ever eaten that isn't gelato or ice cream. The texture of the custard was rich, smooth, silky, and not overly sweet, just the thing to devour on a hot summer's day. The entire shop is filled with vintage fixtures from cow bells to milk shakers that adds a little charm and character to the shop.  With frozen custard done the traditional way,  how can you stay away?
5	I have died and gone to heaven. Or maybe hell since I can't get Nielsen's in SF. lolNielsen's offers Vanilla, Chocolate, and a rotating flavor of the day. The texture is amazing, dense, super smooth and creamy on the tongue, much better than ice cream. Be sure to try the concrete, it's called a shake, but you eat it with a spoon. It's like having the ice cream at Coldstone mix-ins. Service was friendly, and there's all sorts of kitschy items on the wall. I can't wait until I'm back in Vegas to have some again.
3	I thought I already wrote a review for this place. Apparently not. I am a lover of frozen custard so I was super excited to try it. Sad to say I was disappointed. By no means is Nielsen's Frozen Custard bad, but I've definitely had better. I do give kudos for all the celebrities that have visited (wall decor) and the great location.
3	Having just returned from St. Louis, known for frozen custard, I decided to try the local frozen custard shop after reading several reviews.  Knowing that frozen custard can be rich we went for the small. The ice cream was not fresh out of the chute, but was still not bad.  The vanilla custard was OK with a very mild vanilla taste.  The chocolate custard was a better choice then the vanilla flavor. They also had other flavors available as prepacks in the case, which were from previously made batches and had some other interesting flavors that I did not try.  True fresh frozen custard is served within 2-4 hours of being made, so I am guessing the prepacks are day plus old.  Loved the decor of the store very much.
5	First of all, how have I NEVER had frozen custard before today? And secondly, this place is INCREDIBLE!  Do you ever find yourself wondering if gone are the days of a place with great service and a great product at a great price?  Well they're back!  Or maybe they never left and I just haven't been to Nielsen's before.  The custard is heavenly.  So much creamier/smoother than ice cream.  We learned that they have vanilla and chocolate every day and the flavor of the day changes.  They have so many that we are dying to try (mint chocolate chip, bumble berry, etc.) that I can't wait to go back and see which one's next.Great service and very warm and welcoming old style decor.  Will be back SOON!
5	The first time I've ever had frozen custard was here!And it's been the best ever since!I'm from LA and I go to Vegas a few times a year and I always make sure to stop by here.I'll usually have dinner/lunch at Grimaldi's Pizza next door and then get some frozen custard for dessert afterward.Even if you're just looking for something to snack on or hang out with a friend, stop by Nielsen's Frozen Custard!
5	When it comes to Custard go here. Never had custard?....GO HERE.This was my first custard experience (not my only one so I'm reviewing with an experienced palette at this point) and it was amazing.The signs explain why custard is so great and why it is so amazing. The staff is unbelievable helpful and understands that this might be your first custard experience. Thus, they explain it all to you and make sure you're happy.If you're a custard person, then you probably already know how great this place is. Mr. D's down the street isn't as great and just a different experience than Nielsen's.Enjoy some desert this weekend!
5	wow amazing frozen custard.  I just recently moved from san jose ca and I was afraid I wasn't going to be able to find a place out here like willowglen frozen yogurt. Boy I was wrong this place is so amazing!  Love the decor and oldies they play.I am going to be a regular here=)
4	I got the chocolate concrete it really good but I couldn't finish it all. The second time I came here I got a hot fudge sundae, the chocolate syrup is warm with almond sprinkle over the vanilla custard...kinda need to go easy on the syrup it too much. My sister got the kit kat concrete she really couldn't finish it and next time she want to go with a waffle cone.They got some pretty cool vintage stuff all over the wall like a museum. And some 60s music playing or whatever year it from. Plus the place smell really good when you walk in.
5	The Mint Chocolate Almond Concrete is always made perfect!!!
5	I'm a big fan of Luv-It Frozen Custard, however if I'm in Henderson and have a sweet tooth, Niesen's is THE place to go.The flavor variety is not strong here (Vanilla, Chocolate and 1 Flavor of the day) but what makes it different from Luv-It is the concretes which is best described as a DQ Blizzard or McDonalds McFlurry on steroids!I also like the interior design of the place, reminds me of a classic soda jerk from the 50s/60s.I'm not going to say this place is better than Luv-It, because the concretes are something unique to this place, making it different.
5	So delicious! I went there for the first time and absolutely loved it! My chocolate concrete with cookie dough was possibly the best frozen custard I have ever had!
4	Roe v. Wade. Brown v. Board of Education. Nielsen's v. Luv-It. A debate on very serious levels. Nielsen's protestors may say otherwise, but I get a kick out of the kitschy deco crammed on the walls that remind us of a different time when texting while sharing a frozen custard with your significant other was was not kosher because it simply didn't exist. Whether you're a first-timer trying to figure out what combination you want, or a regular deciding how to change it up, the staff is patient and peppy. This is exactly the kind of place I would send my future ungrateful teenager to work in order to learn the value of the dollar.
5	The first time I tried this place, it was at a fundraiser where we got to try different flavors. No idea what the flavors were at the time, but I did think that they were pretty good.So last week, I walk into the store and there's all of these old license plates and signs and whatnot. Very classic American feel to the place. I go up to the counter and.. . what's this? Only three flavors available to sample? What kinda business are they running? Taking a step back to look at the menu, I realized that the bulk of their offerings are pretty much toppings inside a vanilla or chocolate base, or a flavor of the day.But then there were those value-priced pints and quarts of frozen-to-take-home goodness that called to me through the display case. There were so many flavors to choose from in that area, and I decided to follow a brilliant tip from Jennifer H., current Duchess of the place: I chose strawberry.A week later, I still have over half the quart left. The texture is terrific, the flavor hasn't gotten old yet, and I'm already planning to go back and get another tub of goodness. Check this place out if you're anywhere in the Vegas area, and you'll love it.
5	Amazing!  How can you go back to regular ice cream / froyo after this?!  Very creamy and flavorful.  I've tried other frozen custard places, but this is the best one.  It's so awesome, I'm here twice a week!
5	Sorry Luv-It Fans, Nielsen's is da bomb!!!  (1) Put their vanilla custard side by side and you'll agree it is superior... more rich, creamy and "vanilla-y" (hehe) (2) Their hot fudge is TO DIE FOR and (3) they have seats!!!  When in Vegas in the hot HOT summer, this should be a make the drive and taste their stuff item on your itinerary.  P.S. Did you know that frozen custard is made with eggs?  So my poor allergic-to-eggs son itches the whole night when he eats this stuff, and his poor parents don't get to eat it as much as they'd like to.Want to see some food porn? :-) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nielsens-frozen-custard-las-vegas?select=ZJQw1yQhSQRun0DfTyIXmw#ZJQw1yQhSQRun0DfTyIXmw
5	Since the early 90s, I thought Ben and Jerrys held the world championship cup for best ice cream. Last year I stumbled upon a quaint little custard shop on Eastern and 215. The minute I dove my spoon right into my sundae, I was in love. So silky, flavorful and delicious. Each bite was heavenly. No ice cream so far has compared to this custard. Sorry Thriftys, you may have the square ice cream scoops going on, but theres a new sheriff in town...
5	Amazing!First of all, I have been to the "other" place a little while back...my friend was raving about it, so after I ate custard for the first time, I wasn't sure what all the fuss was about!  Yes, it was good, but to me...it wasn't any better than the regular ice cream.First bite at Nielsen's...socks were blown off!  Super rich, thick and delicious!  Like mind blowing good!  I couldn't help but smile while we were eating it!We ordered the Chocolate Concrete w/ Reese's Peanut Butter Cups :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nielsens-frozen-custard-las-vegas?select=OXpGAcxKFUrbeN3VUr3_4A#OXpGAcxKFUrbeN3VUr3_4AServing was too big for Soul and me after a heavy lunch, but we weren't about to let it go to waste!I love how they also gave us a small spoon for Little Foodie Dude to share with Dad! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nielsens-frozen-custard-las-vegas?select=OXpGAcxKFUrbeN3VUr3_4A#Iw0twr-WE_Y5mEOOjsMWWgI will definitely be back, and I am VERY happy this is a 45min drive for me, because if it was next door, I seriously would eat here almost everyday.  Sorry Henderson locals...you are all gonna get fat!
5	This place is the bomb!  So delicious and creamy!  The decor is super cute with all of the nostalgic items hanging around. I could seriously eat here everyday!
4	Not  Light!  Not Skinny!  All Fat!   Loved it!   Once a monther or I would weigh 500lbs!   Loved it!
4	Really good and tasty, but I prefer Luv It better.  This texture was just slightly less creamy and cold than Luv It.  I had a small oreo and it needed a touch more sugar to balance it out.  Other than that, if you're in the area, you wont go wrong stopping here.
5	Warning: Major nostalgic bias applies to this review.Nielsen's started in my hometown in Utah. The year I was born.  So, I have eaten at Nielsen's approximately one million times.  As such, I cannot give it less than 5 stars.To me, their custard is perfect.  The thing to order is a concrete (think of a DQ Blizzard but thicker).  Preferably, the Oreo.  Heaven.But, dude, it's more expensive than I remember.  $5.09 for a concrete with one topping?  Yikes.  But, ultimately, it's worth it.Their menu also offers cones, sundaes, and root beer floats.  But, concretes, honestly, are where it's at.  I do wish this location was more Utah-style by offering fries with fry sauce. :(  Oh well, I'll just have to hit up the Utah locations as well!
5	This place really is as Good as It Gets! My fiance and I are crazy about Nielsen's and have been since day #1. The custard is amazing! The flavor of the day is always Great! and the options are Endless! Anytime friends or family come to visit, a stop at Nielsen's is an absolute must! This is my all time favorite spot!
5	Unlike the one in St. George, they accept credit cards. They are located between Cafe Rio & Gramaldi's.
5	I have nothing but great things to say. We got there late in the evening and they would be closing soon. We however never felt rushed or like we had to compromise our experience at all. The custard is great, very smooth and tasty. They offer vanilla, chocolate and a flavor of the day. Today was cherry chocolate chip. If you want a sample they will do that as well. Place was clean, friendly and fast. Lots if cool antiques and posters in the wall as well.
4	Much creamier, smoother, denser & better tasting than Luv it custard. But it started to melt pretty quickly after receiving it from the front cashier. Got the caramel pecan concrete custard very creamy. The pecans were yummy & gave it a great texture to the custard. It was a bit on the extreme sweet side. 3.5 starsChocolate malted walnut was pretty good but the malt gave it a funny taste & the walnuts were not fresh. 2.5 starsLime rickey was yummy tasted like a lime & cream popsicle.Overall taste: B - (can be a too sweet...after a couple bites, I was on a major sugar rush). -1Service: A (helpful) Inside decor: A (very kool with all kinds of 50s memorabilia)Overall great place to visit on a hot day. =)
5	What a great place. After consuming tens of thousands of calories, I have come to the conclusion that REAL ice cream is the way to go. My regular is an Oreo Concrete. For a little over $5, you get many many spoons of heaven. My only complaint about this place would be that they have ruined all other ice cream places for me. No more Cold Stone and surely no more Baskin Robins. Do yourself a huge favor and check this place out. You will not be disappointed.
5	OMG I love this place! The first time I ever came in to the store was with my mom. She was born in the early 50's so when she saw how the store was decorated and how the staff dressed, she was instantly in love. We order Vanilla and Chocolate to play it safe, though the nice girl at the register let me sample every flavor before choosing. Waffle cone to me is your best bet. A nice thick sugary cone to go with the rich Custard. Since then I have some a multitude of times (Why do I always forget to check in?) And especially during the Summertime, this will really hit the spot.
5	I had never had frozen custard!It was very yummy, and the young guy was really helpful. He let us try what we wanted and was very informative.
5	We finally found this place, so glad we did. My vanilla custard ice cream on a cone was delicious!!! The texture is creamy and smooth. It's so much better than regular ice cream. It was so good, I forgot to take a picture of it for my posting and review. I loved the nostalgic interior decor, it was so retro. I can't wait to go back. I knew I should have ordered a pint to go. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND EVERYONE TO STOP BY AND TRY THEIR CUSTARD ICE CREAM.
5	Love this place. It's a must top on my trips to Vegas now.   Not sure why this is healthier than Ice Cream but I will run with.  I've sent multiple friends here to try and they all loved it.    So my friends and I went here after scarfing down a buffettt.  We told ourselves, we'll just order one and try it to try it since everyone has told us its good....we freaking killed this thing in 5 minutes...utter destruction....It didn't matter that our stoumachs were going to blow...it was worth it...so..definitely go try this spot out..especially in hot sunny LV
4	We came here on a Monday night, 30min before closing, to order a concrete brownie for $5.50. - We really got lost trying to find this place. On the iPhone, it said that it was next to Red Mango. We called them. They're by Cafe Rio and Grimaldi's. #drivingfail. - Great ambiance. Random antiques. Ice cream parlor music. No Top Hits, Hip-Hop, Rap. "Thank you for being a custardmer!" LOL. Good one. - Lots of seating. Comfortable. - Reminds me of a McDonald's McFlurry, but WAY creamier. - The brownie was great, but for $5.50, needed more topping, considering for $5.50 something like Cold Stone. - Less butterfat than ice cream.- I thought they'd have Italian Ice here. Aw...- We left with our mouth so sweet, that we needed something salty to balance! In-N-Out Fries nearby! Phew....
5	Ya Know Ya KnowYou Gotta Love this Place!!!Super Yummy Concrete Brambleberry!!!Only concrete I get and I am Never UnhappyI walk out of there with a Huge Smile on My Face. Thank You For Rockin It!
2	A little too sweet for me!
4	The vanilla custard with Oreos is super yummy!
5	We were watching Pawn Stars a few days before our trip to Vegas, and on the episode we saw, Chumlee went and got some frozen custard from Nielsen's. I thought it looked good, and i'd never had frozen custard before, so we decided to go on our trip. LOVED IT!!!! First off, the portions are massive. I got a Nut Concrete, where you choose what flavor you want (chocolate, vanilla, or flavor of the day) and add in different types of nuts/fruits/candy, etc...I went with Banana Pecan. I was served a huge tub of custard, bigger than a Ben & Jerry's container. And it was HEAVY. How anybody can eat one of these in one sitting is beyond me. I ended up eating barely half of it.But it was sooooo good. I now officially love custard and I never want ice cream or froyo again! It was so creamy and smooth and the chocolate had the best flavor. It started to melt pretty quickly, which sucked, but was nice because it didn't freeze the bananas. The pecans stayed crunchy the whole time. BF got a Root Beer Float that had vanilla custard in it, and it was also really good. I will definitely go back to get custard next time we go to Vegas, and I am now on the hunt for frozen custard in OC!!
3	I thought this place was okay...I was brought here with the 4-star rating, but I'll give it 3 stars...I had the chocolate custard, which was good and creamy, but really didn't have as chocolaty a flavor as  would have liked.  It also seemed a bit too sweet compared to other custard shops.The interior is cool...it has a cool retro feel and I really appreciate that.
5	oh. my. heavens. to. murgatroid. (what does that even mean...)I DIE. i seriously die. My whole life has been a lie...I thought ice cream was the end all, be all. But i was so so mistaken. Frozen custard, where have you been all my life?This stuff is seriously amazing. Vanilla custard mixed with oreos - i'm on a fluffy white cloud of happiness and love. I could probably be calm at gun point with Nielsen's in my mouth. The portions are insane - get a small, Gluttons. It's so rich and decadent that you really don't need much, even though they'll surely provide you with plenty. I have been on the hunt for frozen custard in San Diego and to no avail. I think that's probably a good thing because obesity is real and this being in the same city as me would probably help me break some scales.
4	If I closed my eyes and ignored the heat, it wouldn't be hard to believe I was having frozen custard in the midwest. Simply delicious..... solid, silky-smooth consistency as frozen custard should be. Fresh and YUMMY!!!
5	This place never ceases to amaze.Seriously, if I lived closer, I'd be in trouble.  Their "concretes" are the best.  Great portions, great quality, and amazing flavors.Love Nielsen's!
4	Frozen custard, by definition, reminds me of growing up in America's Dairyland, so I naturally love it.  Nielsen's is pretty darn good for custard, although it was a little on the sweet side.  The retro interior deco is fun, so you get yummy treats AND ambience. If you're in the mood for hard, stiff ice cream, this isn't the place- the term "concrete"- which is a shake so thick you eat it with a spoon- is more like the concrete mixing inside the cement truck, not hard like a concrete wall. Note: if you like nuts, ask for extra. Their typical serving was a little sparse for my taste (I love crunch in my cream!)
4	Great place!!! Very quaint atmosphere with that old school ambiance. It was a nice quiet afternoon when we went.The service was very attentive automatically giving samples on winning colored spoons.. Answering questions and being patient too!!!We got a scoop of chocolate with Oreos on top which is perfect serving for a kid! We shared the oreo chocolate concrete... So good he couldn't leave the rest! Smoother and better mix than competition and with all the flavors we will be back.  What can you say but some of the best custard!Only reason not four stars: no low fat options for those who tolerate low fat but not full fat milk so can't go back often.... Could be a good thing though!
5	So this was on my bookmark list for a while. For whatever reason we don't come to Henderson very often but that is about to change, I don't know what I was thinking but man have we been missing out to some awesome finds. OKAY on to the review.I've never had "frozen custard" so I wasn't to sure what to get. The place is small and there were so many people in there it was cramped so I couldn't take my time to look at the menu. I thought about getting the concrete but couldn't make up my mind as to what to put in it, I chose to keep it simple. I got a double scoop of chocolate, it was about $3. The flavor reminded me of a frosty from Wendy's but the texture was soft, velvety, buttery, and melted in a luxurious way in the mouth. Man was it good!! I think the double was even to much to eat because of the richness. I'm excited about going back and bringing my friend that is from MO that use to work at a custard shop. When I told her about it her eye lit up like a child at christmas.
5	Have been going here for years, and This is by far my favorite place to get frozen custard! So much better than regular ice cream. I prefer frozen custard over ice cream because of Nielsen's, and theirs is the smoothest frozen treat you'll ever introduce your tongue and taste buds to... I always tell everyone that I recommend Nielsen's to is "it's like frozen butter!" so creamy, thick, smooth, ...so yummy. I've tried other frozen custard places and they don't compare in flavor and especially in texture to Nielsen's. Their frozen custard is so good that you don't need to add any toppings to it! Plus, toppings just distract your mouth from focusing on the awesome smooth buttery texture. A simple scoop of their frozen custard goodness is good enough to melt you! And they always have a different flavor of the day, most of which are good, but when they make the banana walnut flavor, oh man, I make it a point to drop everything just so I can have some! They make their frozen custard fresh everyday. I prefer the ones they make that day because it's softer than the ones they have in pints that have been frozen colder to make for better transport. All in all.... I love love love Nielsen's Frozen custard. You will never love regular ice cream the same way again after tasting Nielsen's Frozen custard.
5	After writing my review for Luv-It's, it hit me I was going to be in Henderson for a Wine and Canvas class and of course I needed to make time for a stop. This IS the best place in town for ice cream!! For this trip I just wanted to taste the yummy frozen custard so I got a plain jane double scoop vanilla cone, about $4. A little pricey but worth every penny. They have what they call concretes which are like blizzards but way better of course and those range up towards $6. The only down fall is is that there's only one location in town, Henderson AND the sign posted on their door today said that they are moving even further south on Eastern. :( OPEN ANOTHER LOCATION!!! :)  I can't wait to have in again!!
4	Very good!  I am comparing to Foo's in Kansas City, which is slightly better, so that is why this place didn't get 5 stars.  However, I would definitely recommend it!
3	Here I go again... more sugary goodness! Nielsen's is a cute little place next to Grimaldi's off of Eastern.  They will be moving soon across the street by Einstein Bagels...  which I'm sure I'll visit!  The ambiance of this place takes you back to a time of poodle skirts and blue suede shoes!  You'll notice the great old time decor with great oldies playing in the store.  There are steps in choosing your custard and how you want it.  They have 4 flavors - vanilla, chocolate, strawberry and a flavor of the day.  Then you can choose what toppings you would like...  so many to choose from! The last step is to decide how you want it - cup, cone, sundae, concrete (which is like a blizzard).  You place your order and they will bring it out to you.  Nice!I was in the mood for a 'concrete'.  I went with their flavor of the day Oreo and they blended in caramel and pecans.  Yum.  Unfortunately they only have one size for the concretes.   I knew it would be too much frozen custard for me.  It's just a very heavy and filling treat to indulge in everyday.  My suggestion would be to share with someone!  The girls behind the counter were cheerful but professional.   They displayed great respect for their customers.   Great customer service all around.   I'm sure I'll be back to visit the new store but probably when I'm really hungry and can share!
4	Great custard. Not as good as their location in St. George. A little rich for my taste.
