5	Where to start...The appetizers...fantastic.The salads...terrific.The entrees...outstanding.The deserts...amazing.The service...impeccable.We had the pleasure of attending Tanzy's mock service for dinner a couple of days ago and were simply blown away. Everything, and I mean everything, was fantastic. It's really hard to choose favorites with everything so good but there were a few things that stood out just slightly over the rest. Go for the house-made mozzarella and/or the grilled calamari for an appetizer followed by the goat cheese or Tanzy salad. Entree wise the scallops are fantastic as was the 12oz New York Strip. They were all out of the Beef Short Rib but everyone that had eaten it raved about it. For dessert, the Orange Burlee was amazing and judging by how fast it sold out, the Croissant  Bread Pudding has to be delicious. They make a great Long Island Ice Tea and also a specialty drink called the Long Blonde Savvy. The Chocolate Martini is also a must try...it's like chilled European hot chocolate with just the right amount of alcohol mixed in.Be advised...all this greatness does come with a price. Our mock tab came out to about $150 (inc. 20% tip) per couple which was a shared appetizer, shared salad, entree each, shared dessert and 2 bar drinks per person.
4	My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Tanzy yesterday evening.  Though we dined at the bar and continued to order drinks from the bartender whose well was closest to our seats, all of the bartenders and wait staff were friendly and quick to fill our waters, clear our dishes or offer another cocktail.The food was delicious.  For an appetizer, we had the polenta cake which was warm, sumptuous, and delicious especially on such an uncharacteristically cold night.  The tomatoes were partially sun-dried and an absolute awesome compliment to the polenta and steamed spinach. For dinner, my husband had the yummy beef short rib while I thoroughly enjoyed the black cod ratatouille.  While both were good, the black cod was amazing!  We finished off our meals with a slice of their chocolate cheesecake, which was to die for.  All in all, we loved the food, the ambiance, and the service. Thanks Tanzy for a lovely night out!
4	Had a late snack here after a movie last night.  The restaurant is part of the iPic theater, which is wonderful.  Just had apps and a couple of drinks.  Very, very, very cool atmosphere.  Warm, contemporary, open, earthy setting.  Super cool fireplace, open air seating, open kitchen and bar.Waitress was super friendly.  Ambiance was spectacular.  Look at the ceiling, it's spectacular.We had the Charcuterie plate, which was "OK." Prosciutto, and some lesser quality (shitty) meats.  Could have used some sweet capicola. Good cheese, and some over salted toast. But okay.Wine selection awesome.  Full bar (martini a little watered down, but i'm a vodka snob).Crispy Brussel sprouts WERE THE SHIT! Not like my mom making me eat my brussel sprouts, making me eat them, or else "you can't watch Magnum PI," these were heavenly.  Covered in a toasted cumin tempura.  Just ask for salt and extra aioli.  Yummy.Although we just had apps and drinks, the place i recommend Tanzy.  Seriously great friendly service.  Good choices of drinks, and a playful menu.EDIT:Ate here again last Saturday.  Had amongst other things, the Beef Carpaccio.  Plate was covered with delicious meet and fried capers.  Nice and cold.  We love this place...
2	The two star review reflects my disappointment after having such high hopes for Tanzy. I am having a hard time actually writing this because the experience hit me strangely in so many ways and I have a lot to discuss but I want to write something considerably shorter... So here it goes.The decor is beautiful! The concept is neat! The crowd meticulous!Now, the food...carpaccio that was so thin it melted on a room temperature fork. Zero salt minus the few fried capers and dried up convenience store Parmesan. And twice the weight of the beef was a pile of hand crushed, yes, hand crushed arugula, obviously wilted by the heat of someones gross mitts. Disgusting. Calamari steaks cut into French fry shapes and sauteed does not translate into the grilled calamari I had deceptively perceived after reading the menu. Each one of these were 14 and 12 dollars...Christ!The more than one star review is due to the amazing cocktails we had. Whilst they each had something around 12 ingredients in them, as do all of there signatures, there was still a strikingly nice balance! Sign of a competent bartender. But my martini was 20 bucks, which I knew, and my girlfriend's cocktail was 14, for about 4 oz. But delicious none the less, and expect a wait for each one as the mixologist has to gather his mountain of mis en place for each drink.Maybe the weirdest thing about Tanzy is that every time I have come here, at least to grab a drink before a movie, is that they let the kitchen staff just walk around the dining room and bar to watch tv or whatever. It's really funky to be shadowed by some greasy line cook who smells like sauteed, excuse me, grilled calamari while I'm trying to enjoy the smell of my 8 dollar supplement of mescal. And since the kitchen is opened up, you can have staring contests with the food runners, busboys, and line cooks as they watch you drink, eat or watch them.Go to Grimaldi's if you're grabbing food and a /or a beverage before catching a flick next-door.
4	This was our first time at Tanzy. Not surprising as it's only been open a couple of weeks. Arriving, I admired the sharp decor, fire columns and warm, upscale feel to it. What I didn't admire was what seemed to be a group of hostesses who largely were confused by their job. A bit of arguing and the "head" hostess just finally telling the others to just shut up and let her think. Not good in front of customers.We arrived about 15 minutes early and were asked to wait in the lounge. Very proper as we were early and when our reservation time we were promptly seated. I could see why the hostesses were confused once I was seated. My wife and I were seated at a two-top and on the other side of the wall from us was a booth that could have seated eight occupied by two people while the restaurant was on a wait. Strange.We ordered the Crispy Brussel Sprouts (as came highly recommended in other Yelp reviews), Tagliatelle Bolognese and Scallops with Chantrelle Mushrooms. The service was great and our server was pleasant with just the right amount of conversation. The Crispy Brussel Sprouts were outstanding and I only wished I had another order! The Tagliatelle Bolognese was delicious as well and was so large that I didn't know how one person could finish it. Good thing we were sharing. The Scallops with Chantrelle Mushrooms were wonderful, well at least the scallops and mushrooms were. I couldn't eat much of the parsnip pear puree. The sweetness was a bit overkill for the meal as far as my taste was concerned.The only thing that kept this review from being five stars was the music. It's right next door to the Salt lounge which has heavy techno beat music playing that permeates the entire restaurant making it feel like a club with dinner more than a restaurant with music. An upscale restaurant like this, you would expect something more appropriate. By the end of the dinner our nerves were just about frazzled.While the food was great, for relatively the same price, we'll probably choose Ruth's Chris over Tanzy. It adds the fifth star for the same cost.
4	After a less than stellar experience at iPic, I wasn't sure what to expect at Tanzy.  I received a coupon for a free appetizer and decided to check them out.This is a beautiful space.  The decor and ambiance are upscale and swanky in a contemporary style.  I sat at the bar and enjoyed watching the football playoff games on one of the flat screen TVs.The wine list is quite extensive and I ordered a nice glass of a cab/syrah blend.  For my appetizer I ordered the charcuterie plate.  This came out and had more than enough on it for two people to split.  Meats, cheeses, bread, olives and grapes.  Definitely a nice start to the meal.I ordered the tagliatelle bolognese for my entree.  As someone else mentioned, the portions on this are huge!  What really stood out for me was the fresh pasta.  Not quite in the class of Marcellino's down the road but very good.Also, I really enjoyed the service at the bar.  The female bartenders were friendly and very efficient.I'm not sure when I'll be back for a movie at iPic but I'll be back at Tanzy again in the near future!
4	Tanzy is a great place if you are doing a getting together with a few friends, celebrating a birthday, or special occasion.  The ambiance is superb, the food is pretty good, and the service is great!  I met my friends there on a Friday night and was lucky to be seated on one of those lofty "L shaped" sofas near the front of the restaurant.  A slick fireplace sits in the middle of this area which compliments the open air seating.  We shared the Charcuterie plate (more than enough to share), grilled Calamari (extra delish), risotto (ok), fries (very good), and the focaccia & olive tapenade (yum).  Love the wine with its generous pour and tastiness.  Topped off the evening with the bread pudding and chocolate desserts (ok).  The service was amazing and the staff, great.  I will be back!
4	The Four of us were pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere when we arrived at Tanzy. A lot of places have crowds but no energy. This place has a buzz!           The appetizer of fried Brussel sprouts and calamari were both fantastic! Anyone who can make br. Sprouts taste like anything except br sprouts is a genius.  The calamari isn't your typical batter fried dish either. Sauteed  with some veggies  only raised our expectations for dinner.My fish dish served on polenta was really good. The fillet equally good. We all agreed though that the braised beef dish was just ok. The beef itself was good but the  gnocci and spinach that accompanied the beef was bland, that's it. The signature drinks were not memorableWe will definitely return.
4	Tanzy proved to be a pleasant culinary surprise in the new Scottsdale Quarter shopping complex. The upstairs, vaulted-ceiling, heavy use of creative metal design throughout has a welcoming and stylish feel. The large bar makes dropping in as a couple very approachable, although a reservation would be prudent for the weekend.  The food is very very good and has a freshness that only quality ingredients can provide. The tagliatelle bolognese comes in a heaping portion and fills you up without leaving you with a heavy pasta dinner feeling. If you're in the mood for a solid pasta meal, I would highly recommend this dish. The braised beef short rib with goat cheese gnocchi is great, although the flavor profile came up a little short (I would recommend the short ribs at Citizen Public House over what Tanzy had to offer). While I did not have a custom craft cocktail, I did appreciate the fact that each corner of the bar was equipped with lots of fresh fruit and every flavor of bitters you can imagine. I will be ordering one next time I stop by. Finally, I always appreciate a bar/restaurant that serves a less  ordinary beer on tap in addition to serving craft cocktails and wine. In this case, I would highly recommend the Racer 5 IPA by Bear Republic Brewery.
4	Love it!  Great atmosphere, awesome drinks, and the house made mozzarella is one of my new favorite dishes of all time.  The bartenders do a great job, and are super friendly.  The only downside is that they don't have a happy hour, but they do have $3 drinks on Tuesdays.  Go and check it out!
4	Wow!  Let's just say they didn't hold back spending money on this place.  All the glam, lights, and posh; there was not one spot they missed.  I can appreciate that, but just make sure your service and food can say the same.  I like a menu that doesn't try to go around the globe and try to fit everyones tastes.  Kudos, menu option was straight and to the point.  Service wasn't too bad either.  Though I believe the food could have been a tad better espcially for a place like this.  Too much wow - not enough pow for my taste buds. - Enjoy!
5	Another great restaurant addition to Scottsdale Quarter!  The decor is beautiful, the service was fantastic and the food was great!  We tried the grilled calamari (to die for), the fried brussel sprouts (also to die for) and the mozzarella - all were divine!  They also have a great wine selection and the bartender was so helpful in helping us choose the perfect wine.
3	I'd been wanting to check out Tanzy for a while now, after hearing about the beautiful decor and awesome cocktails.  I likes me an awesome cocktail in beautiful surroundings in the springtime.  With those things in mind, I decided a Wednesday Happy Hour would be a good time for the first visit; knowing that Tanzy doesn't really have Happy Hour specials, and OK with that in order to get a well crafted cocktail and equivalent bites to go with.They were almost empty at that hour, and there must've been 20+ people working the place.  I assume prepping for an evening rush(?).  We ended up with two servers competing for our table who, when they took their passive-aggressive discussion four feet away, were still very audible to us.  I found myself hoping for a full-on catfight as surprise entertainment for the evening.  But, alas, the bigger and louder of the two won out.  This aggressive tone turned out to be a common theme throughout our visit - in how everything was described as nothing short of Nirvana, in how a full entree was pushed on us when we only asked about the side that came with the entree, in being informed that the portions of a $28 short rib entree wouldn't be enough for two of us to share, in the smiles so unnaturally big they looked like they hurt, in how the server described the restaurant's concept as "very Scottsdale".  Hark - do I smell desperation?  Now, that's something we long-time Phoenix/Scottsdale residents know well as we see restaurants come and go in the blink of an eye.  My dining partner insited we place bets right then and there on how long Tanzy will be around.Did I enjoy my experience at Tanzy?  Well, no, because of what I think was just an off night for service, and because the cocktails and food we ordered didn't measure up to the hype.  I'll for sure give them another chance - it truly is a beautiful restaurant and does appear to have professional, very hard working people that can make whatever adjustments are needed - if they are needed.  (My opinion might just be that - my opinion alone)  We can never have too many great places in Scottsdale, and I sincerely hope Tanzy is one of those great places that makes it here.  To get me on board, it's just going to need to tone down the attitude.
3	The atmosphere cannot be beat. It feels like a Gordon Ramsey type restaurant! The food was very good. They really execute on the details. The service was just ok For the price, which I am not complaining about, I prefer my sevice with a little more personalty. Don't get me wrong they were fast and attentive just nothing extra. I will definitely try them again
5	I've had the pleasure of dining at tanzy on multiple occasions.  Its definitely a welcome change in the scottsdale quarter.  For once there is a restaurant that wasnt slapped together.  They really seem to have taken their time and done it right.  The food is absolutely awesome.  Ive had everything from steaks to seafood, and i have not had a bad meal yet!  Cheers to the chef(s)!  I am also very impressed by the service staff.  From the servers to the bartenders, they are professionals in every sense of the word.  Their recommendations are always spot on!I just wish they had a happy hour so i could sit in the lounge with that super cool door open.  (The whole front of the restaurant is a huge hinged door that opens up like a patio!!!)The whole iPic idea is really neat.  If you havnt been I suggest you check it out.  Dinner at Tanzy, then a movie (Gold class all the way!), then drinks at salt.  Does it get any better than one-stop shopping like that?  I think not
4	The outdoor seating could become legendary at this location once more people learn about it. I mean it is simply magnificent....go at night if you can and I can promise you it is romantic...exotic...and exciting all rolled into one. Since it is near the IPIC theatre in the Scottsdale quarter...it makes for a great location to go and grab dinner once your movie has concluded. The most awesome thing about the whole place though is the fire cauldrons that are located near the escalators as you walk into the restaurant....WOW. So if your ever in the quarters and want something a little different but yet the same at least by Scottsdale's lofty standards....then pay a visit to Tanzy. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	It was good but not that good..I don't mind paying more for a good meal but I just felt the prices were way to high for what I got. It was just really expensive and its right next to the movie theater and I just can't see myself eating there again. Especially when I can eat  and drink in the movie theater in big cushy seats next door :)
2	Well, this experience was interesting. We walked up asked the host if there was anything available he said 30 minutes. We decided to sit at the bar and have a drink. Before we sat at the bar I asked the 16 year old taking names if i could put my name down just in case we wanted to sit at a table. She asked if I had a reservation. Uhm No. She said there was nothing available. By the way it was only 7:30pm. We found 2 seats at the bar. Behind us was about 7 open tables. Hmm nothing available? After about 10 minutes finally one of the 6 bartenders noticed us. My wife asked for a blueberry press - No blueberry vodka. Then she asked for Captain - Uhm no Captain. Finally an orange press. Clearly the bartender had no idea how to make one. I just saw Makers behind him, so to play it safe I asked for Makers. Didn't want to confuse him. After this we decided that we would only order an appetizer. Dinner might seem too painful. So we ordered the Grilled Calamari. I have to say it was amazing. The Calamari was thick and grilled perfectly the artichokes and everything were delicious. We actually thought maybe we should just order dinner. Then the 15 minute wait until the bartender asked us if we were ok - so Check please!From just having that one appetizer I have to say the food is great. The service on all ends was terrible. Not sure if I will attempt again.
4	Came here late night with a large group for drinks and some food. I really liked the atmosphere with the open space, heat lamps and huge lounge seats. All of the dishes we ordered looked great. Servings are generous and the prices are right. I had the grilled calamari with artichokes, absolutely fantastic. The calamari were fresh, tender and cooked perfectly. Drinks are big also!Service was a little slow, especially on the drinks and considering the place had cleared out for the most part due to the late hour. They actually card at the bar, two thumbs up! This is good for people watching if you catch a table near the escalators, also a great place for a first date.
5	Came here for a date night and ended up  having the Swordfish, a few of Tanzy's 11 (cocktails, all of them are great), and the brussel sprouts. All of which were very good.The Brussel Sprouts comes with a very delicious salsa that disappears far too quickly.My only regret is not getting desert. Definitely worth checking out and a repeat visit.
5	Located in scottsdale Quarter:  If your looking for a hip night out with hubby and friends this is the place to be.  Great tasting food, awesome drinks, Prices very doable. If you have not been your missing out!This place is awarded Analynn's :)
3	I get the sense this place is still very new and working things out. The host was very professional, perfectly dressed and helpful the entire time. From what I could tell, the wait staff was very good, but we sat in the bar area.  There were two bartenders and almost ever seat was filled at the bar - 20 people. I waited SO long for a drink. Finally my friend interrupted someone and they brought me a drink that didn't taste like it had tequila in it...just tasted like koolaid in a glass. We mention this to the host and he took it off our bill - THANKS! :)We ordered a little food. It was ok. The calamari was weird. It wasn't fried, which is fine, I've had calamari prepared different ways before. It was still weird. We couldn't finish it. The shape didn't look anything like squid normally looks - at all. The consistency was weird too. It was almost like that fake crap meat, but the calamari version of it. The decor is amazing. The location is great. It looks like they are really making a great effort and hopefully they will do well. I'll go back in a few months and see how it's going!
2	I have been here twice and I'm not sure if the fake Scottsdale people annoy me more or less than the fake staff. I ordered Halibut which I stressed to the waiter I hate it overdone. And indeed it was overdone. The drinks are light pours and overpriced but someone has to pay for the awesome door and decor.
4	HAPPY HOUR - We won a FB $100 gift cert for a Tanzy Happy Hour so we were excited to try it out (we loved the Salt Bar in same iPic complex). We came early at 4:30 (after hitting the Apple Store downstairs) and had an amazing Illegalito drink (actually 3!) sitting at the bar. Bartender and all staff really nice. Place starting filling up after 5ish with work crowd. By 6pm all bar seats taken. Fun people, great evening - big hangar doors open, later windows opened out onto Scottsdale Quarter common area. View of McDowell's wonderful - decor is beautiful. From 3-6 they put out a free artisan chef's table spread of olives, flatbread, berries, cheese and salami. So don't get the Mediteranean Appetizer Platter as it's mostly the same stuff (but better cheeses). We also ate Caeser Salads which were really good. Skip the Cream Brulee - the crunchy sprinkles were ok, the brulee just ok too. We'll be back. (book your iPic Gold Class reserved seats for a 6:45 movie, valet park, free popcorn, pillows/blankies, wait staff during previews - life doesn't get much better than this!)
5	Dinner?  Get the short ribs.  Lunch?  Get the burger.  They have free food during happy hour!  Try their signature citrus martini.  Excellent!
5	An amazing experience.  The location is great, atmosphere is incredible, friendly employees and our group of 9 were very impressed with the food.  The halibut special was one of the best I have ever had.Great for a romantic night out or for a group.  I will be returning, it was hard to choose what to order on the menu because it all looked good.
5	Awesome!!! Our server Jill was AMAZING!!! had great food & the atmosphere is beautiful!!
2	I sat at the bar and waited for the rest of my party to arrive.  Even though the place wasn't very busy it took the bartender at least 15 minutes to ask if I needed anything.   I guess being the only one sitting at the bar and making eye contact isn't enough anymore.  After being seated I ordered the Tanzy Salad, which for being named after the restaurant should be showcase the chefs cuisine.  I also requested a side of chicken for a bit more protein.  The salad and dressing were blah and boring and the chicken breast was dry.  If I am in the area again and wanting to have Mediterranean food I am going to NORTH, where the restaurant isn't as glamorous, but the food is excellent.  I would reserve this place for cocktails only.
4	Tanzy is in the Scottsdale Quarter, adjacent to and part of iPic Theatres.  This is such a cool spot.  Big, beautiful, and luxurious.  The food is stellar, and I highly recommend the calamari and beef carpaccio.  Service was also timely and very friendly.  Creative drinks, fresh herbs and juices make for delicious and refreshing cocktails. One element that sets Tanzy apart is the ability to walk around with cocktails like Vegas.  The Salt Lounge on the other side also has a great vibe, and darker and more of a club atmosphere that you can check out if you are curious.
5	Mind you, I didn't eat here myself. My parents had their 30th wedding anniversary dinner here. My mother had let slip where they were going so I called ahead and asked for the meal to be charged to my credit card and asked them to send out some special things on my behalf. The managers at Tanzy were very accommodating on the phone and understood exactly what I needed. Everything was executed perfectly My parents said they had a lovely time, that it was a very nice ambiance with a very nice view.Thanks Tanzy!
2	Came here just for happy hour to meet a friend, so this review is not for dinner. Very disappointing. Their happy hour deal is free food (to go with the overpriced drinks), but when I got there at 5:30 the food table did not look too fresh, to say the least. So along with our overpriced drinks we ordered the cheese/olives/meat/grapes appetizer to share. I've had better and can't recall worse. It comes with 3 small pieces of bread - just in case you were thinking you might get a cracker. I'd recommend Switch's platter, but I would probably recommend a party tray from Albertson's over this. On the other hand, the place is beautiful, and in a great location. And the servers were very attentive. But for a Friday happy hour this place sure seemed quiet. Wonder why. (Note that some other reviews say that some menu items are good; it's a nice enough atmosphere that I wouldn't mind meeting up for a bite to try it out, but wouldn't go out of my way.)
5	Visited Tanzy again last night, and they are really nailing the menu execution.  Loved the table-side mozzarella with basil pesto, roasted tomato slices, and toasted foccacia crustinis.  I ordered the Piccata-Style Monkfish, and enjoyed the combination of the capers, fresh lemon juice, white wine, and artichoke hearts.  My husband absolutely adored his Mediterranean Chicken - rigatoni, fresh chicken, asparagus, artichoke hearts, oven roasted tomatoes, fresh oregano, sauteed spinach, feta cheese, and pine nuts in a butter sauce.  (I think I liked his a little more than mine!)  Also as a menu designer and a frequent restaurant diner, I appreciate the evolution of the menu design from the opening menu.  The new menus better reflect Tanzy's high quality and creative menu offerings.
5	I came here with a large group of people, there were 13 of us total. We originally were planning on going to True Food- it would have have been a 90 min wait there so that's how we ended up at Tanzy. Tanzy was able to seat us right away which was great!  The decor and ambience of the establishment is modern and upscale. But let's talk about what's really important-  the food!  My friend and I shared the lobster salad and pasta with mushrooms and were we glad we did cause the portions were quite generous!  By sharing, we were able to enjoy two different dishes at the just right portions. The lobster salad was simply delicious with a very light dressing that gave just the right amount of flavoring to the dish. And there were plenty of lobster pieces in the salad too. The pasta with mushroom dish was also delicious. I should be more honest- it was scrumlicious!!!!  Generally with this type of pasta dishes, there's usually a heavy sauce to give the pasta flavor or else the pasta is flavorless. Not with this dish. The pasta was cooked perfectly and cooked with just the right amount of sauce without it being heavy. I'm not sure how the chef got the flavor to stick to the pasta. Needless to say, I ate every last piece of pasta on my plate!I sneaked a peek at the other dishes, they all looked delicious and well presented. Service was excellent. And they will split the shared dishes for you before bringing the entrees out to your table. I went in there with no expectations and left a very happy costumer and am looking forward to going back to try out the other entrees!
4	Beautiful restaurant.Loved the table side mozzarella/pesto. Such a great idea.Staff was attentive and nice. Drinks.......yum.
4	Had a lovely Mommies Night Out here recently. A great venue for sharing some wine (recommend the NZ Sauvignon Blanc) and some delicious appetizers! The warm mozzarella was amazing ... love how it is prepared right in front of you.The atmosphere was nice and cozy, the music was good and at a level that allowed you to still be able to talk to one another and the service was wonderful.
1	Reservation was made for 4 of us for a birthday celebration. No reservation was needed! Lounge was packed, restaurant not so much.This was our first and last time here. Questioned a particular vodka, server stated not available and never heard of it, of course after she served our drinks, she appeared with the vodka in hand, humbled. We began with the tableside mozzarella to share, was pretty decent, however, before we were 1/2 through, our entrees appeared. Seriously? What happened to dining? Not like they needed the table for the next party, plenty were available, 6:30pm reservation and we were out by 7:45pm. Has anyone ever seen rolled monkfish? Looked like two turds on my plate, had to use a knife to cut so tough and chewy, no I didn't send it back, not worth it. Monkfish is to be silky and smooth, almost like halibut. How about calamari served with capers? That's a first for us. Tuna Tartare? Tasteless. I will say the Tiramasu that the birthday boy ordered was ok and nice touch to include it. Don't waste your time or your money!
4	I've been in Tanzy for drinks (they definitely have some good ones, but the one I remembered was the ginger sangria - memorable in a bad way. It tasted like patchouli or as my boyfriend put it "this tastes like a hippie"). Anyways, I had always been curious about the food. A couple weeks ago we decided to go in for brunch and caught some of the football games at the bar (a perfect compromise... football/bar for the boyfriend, nice atmosphere and good food for the lady). Our friendly bartender handed us their brunch menu and said he would come back to explain their brunch buffet. I looked at the menu and thought, what??? This is ridiculous! $20 for a standard eggs benedict??? Turns out you can get the brunch only for $14 or you can get a dish + the brunch for the advertised price of that dish. This also includes bottomless mimosas (their fresh squeezed oj was awesome). The buffet has charcuteries, cheeses, hummus, fruit, a variety of pastries and bagels, and a pancake station with at least 10 topping/filling options. I was craving savory, so I ordered the omelet and my boyfriend got the breakfast club sandwich. Both were really good, but so filling I didn't need a lot from the buffet. To summarize my experience, Tanzy is a beautiful restaurant, has good food and friendly service. And $14-20 for brunch with bottomless mimosas... not too bad.
5	This restaurant is wonderful! It starts by being greeted by Sonja and then drinks by Rachel or Dan. Chef Marco is awesome! Annie & I travel alot and this is one of the friendliest places with great people like Hunnika and the rest of the staff! The center cut steak is one of the best I have ever had, with mozzarella made right at your table! What a treat!
5	WOW!  What an amazing experience at this restaurant!!!  My wife and I went to a movie and stopped in the bar for a quick couple drinks.  We initailly stood at the end of the bar for quite a while and were never noticed as new customers but everyone was busy so I don't hold that against anyone. But once we made our way around to a more "popular" part of the bar, the bartender, Danny, was all over us.  The one thing I liked about this guy is that no matter how busy he was, he was down-to-earth, made us feel that he was paying attention and truely wanted to take care of us.  I ordered what he referred to as an Icepick (I think) which is essentially an Arnold Palmer with vodka and my wife ordered a water.  There was a female co-worker of his who ensured things were good and even checked on my wife's tiramisu when she saw it was taking a while to come out.Everything about this place was appealing - the ambience, the decor, the menu, the patios and firepits and most importantly, the service.  In fact, I mentioned to my wife that when I open my restaurant, I want it to look and feel the way Tanzy does.I just finished writing a negative review about Brio and my recommendation is that Tanzy hold a "how to treat your customers" class.  If that happened, every restaurant in that complex would be top notch.  Thank you to the entire staff we dealt with for caring!!!  We will be back!!!
4	I was in town visiting a friend, and he suggested we try Scottsdale Quarter for shopping & restaurants.  There are a ton of restaurants in Scottsdale Quarter, and Tanzy seemed to have the most diverse menu and great decor.  Everything about this place oozes cool.PROS:1.  Ambience - the restaurant has beautiful, modern decor and attracts a young, upscale crowd.  As you enter, there is large lounge area with sofas which makes it great for large groups to relax together.  We actually ate in the lounge area and it was comfortable and relaxing.2. Food - I tried a mozzarella bruschetta appetizer that is made in front of you which was a nice touch and also tried a pasta dish for my entree.  Both dishes tasted good and the presentation looked fantastic.CONS:1. Service - the service is so-so.  As I mentioned, we chose to sit in the lounge area, and our waitress would check-in on us every 20-30 minutes even though the restaurant was pretty quiet.  Our glasses were empty and took us awhile to get our entree order in after getting appetizers.2. Price - the two of us ordered 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and a couple of drinks each.  Total cost about $110 (including tax & tip).  A little pricey.Overall, I would visit this restaurant again once or twice a year for special occasions and group events.
4	Awesome steak salad with delicious ripe vine tomatoes!  I really like the big booths and comfortable modern decor. It also has a great bar! This place is upstairs located next to the IPic Theater. We would have never tried it, but we were told that it would be a 45 min wait at True Food downstairs so we decided to check it out!  The dinner menu looked great, so we will have to check that out another time. I am glad we came here and I would definitely go back!!
4	Been here a few times so the highlights:I love the bar and the area in front of the bar.  Good selections of tequila, scotch, whiskey, and vodka.  Fire pit in the bar area with couches for hanging out.  Can accommodate a group of people or a a couple on a date.  And my favorite, the bartenders lean towards a stiffer pour.  Always a plus.The brussel sprouts are simply great. Really.  Don't argue until you try them.  Very rich, though, so perfect for a group of more than two people, but a bit overwhelming otherwise.  The tuna tartar is great as well.  Both work as apps or as late nights snacks.The entrees are good, but a bit pricey for what you get, which is my only complaint.  Iif I'm in Scottsdale Quarter I stop in here...at least a drink.
5	We had a blast and the food was off the chain, service was great thanks to our server Jill she made sure and the food plus drinks were perfect.!!!
4	While in Scottsdale for work, we were looking for some good restaurants, so I hit Yelp and as usual, was not disappointed.  Loved the modern decor and the food was great.  Desserts were very good, although, we were too full at that point to finish them!
4	Tanzy is in a real cool spot at the Q, right next to ipic, Salt, and Narcise. The look of this place is gorgeous, very modern and elegant, and feels like a lounge as well as a nice restaurant/bar.  The drinks are very delicious, and original. I'm not a huge fan of the food- overpriced salads and unsatisfying appetizers. They do have a Sunday  brunch that is worth checking out. Seems like they always have open seating, and they also have nice views.
1	The menu touts locally grown, organic ingredients, and Mediterranean-inspired fare -- so it was surprising to have plates of old, rubbery Mozzarella, followed by rubbery, tasteless (is this what happens when it's frozen??) sea bass, all accompanied by skimpy, non-colorful, not very fresh or tasty fruits and vegetables.If the kitchen could stay true to the fabulous menu that Tanzy's concocted, this place would be a haven for healthy food eaters and might even give some competition to the neighboring True Food Kitchen. Just switching to fresh ingredients would make a HUGE difference here! And come on...no one wants to pay $30 for a previously frozen hunk of sea bass.It looks like most people come here for the alcohol. So, if you're looking for a good bar, maybe this is the place. But if you're a Mediterranean cuisine/Organic  connoisseur, spare yourself the dissapointment of the food.
5	I visited Tanzy recently on a double date before checking out a movie at iPicDrinks:-Attentive/knowledgeable bartender-Wide variety of fresh ingredients-Great custom cocktailsFood:-High quality ingredients-Tremendous seafood -Excellent sauces and sidesRecommendations:-Crispy brussel sprouts-Calamari: very large and very fresh-Short ribs: amazing quality beef, perfectly braised, side of goat cheese gnocchi was inventive and terrific-Sea bass: As someone who normally does not enjoy fish, it was incredibly tender and prepared in a sauce that added a lot, without overwhelming the fishLong story short: I loved the food, the decor was incredible, and well executed cocktails were a great addition... GO HERE SOON
5	I recently visited tanzy before viewing at Ipic. The food and service was outstanding. The bartenders have a great array of drinks and recommendations. The service was great and very attentive. The food is by far the best thing there. The brussel sprouts and calamari appetizers were out of this world. The calamari is not bar food calamari that has been fried, instead its sauteed and is very fresh. For my main dish I had the seafood ciopinno. It was a wide variety of fresh seafood over pasta and the spices used were to perfection. I will continue to eat here before going to the movies and I recommend you do that same!
4	Food was very good.  We did the Mozzarella Platter.  They actually make the mozzarella at the table with the cheese curd. They add in flavored salts, balsamic vinegar, and oil if you want.  They made a special veggie plate for my wife and my steak was great!  Drinks were nice and strong as well.
1	Do not ever consider hosting an event here unless you get something in writing. We had reserved the room in the back for 40 people. I sent out 375 invitations letting people know about our event at Tanzy. Unfortunately a couple days ago, their catering manager informed me we would be in the lounge. I'm assuming someone more important wanted the space so they had priority. We will be hosting the event  at Dominick's across the street. Where they keep their word on our reservations. I'm sure the food will be better anyway. Also, another time we ate there with another couple, 1/2 of the stuff we tried to order they were out of!
4	LOVE this place! The table side mozz is unique...haven't seen that one... and be sure to get the truffle oil drizzle! Oh, my!! Hubby had the filet - well prepared and yummy. I had the grilled calmari...was ok...The atmosphere was nice; dim lighting and energetic vibe made for a sexy feeling. Service was great! Will be back again and again!!
3	The ambiance gets  atleast 4 stars. The service should also get 4 stars. Food is definitely 3 stars which makes consolidated review a 3/5However for all the hype and hoopla I was not expecting my Meditarranean Chicken entree to be rubbery. The tables were pretty lavish and for a staurday night it wasn't overwhelmingly crowded. it sure was getting there though. The lighting is just perfect for a couple's date out. and the swanky comfortable and long tables can easily fit in 4 and maybe even 6. The complimentary bread served was warm and fresh. We went for the trio hummus dip which was except for the olive tapenade . I wasn't too fascinated by the toasty bread either which I felt was not fitting in with the others in the trio.The cocktails were good and the draught beer was served chilled with the perfect head.The meditarranean chicken entree was a lil watery and the chicken itself was rubbery. This was the major turn off.The desert menu did not have a great variety and definitely needs some rethinking.All in all not greatly impressed but not too bad either,
1	We spent over $150 ,had reservations, but we initially got a really bad table. They had put a table outside the regular seating area. The wine glasses were dirty, the service was slow and my wife and were disappointed. Too expensive for what they deliver.
4	Very nice ambiance here.... Loved the firepit when you walk in and the decor in a general.  Granted, it was pretty dead when we were there, but that's probably because I came with some coworkers around 6:30 on a Monday night.Our server was great.  We were clearly ordering way too many apps, and when the time for main courses was approaching, several of us panicked and flagged her down to see if we could change our orders to something smaller.  She has actually *waited* to put the entree orders in and was completely flexible!  We were very grateful.The food was good on the whole, with a few misses.  Here's what I can speak to:Hits:CarpaccioBrussel sprouts - be warned, they are deep friedMussels and focaccia bakeSo-so:Table side mozzarella - great concept and presentation, but the mozz itself was only ok.  More rubbery than you would get other places that are making it freshPolenta fries - generally fine (it's deep fried polenta, how bad could it be?) but the sauces could have been more plentiful and excitingMisses:Tuna tartare.  Bummer, I love this dish, but it just wasn't good.
4	Love this place.  The bartenders are super friendly and will recommend drinks and even exchange them if you dont like it with no problem.  I love sitting in the lounge areas with the fire places.  Its so relaxing.  If you go for Happy hour - they have a small snacky buffet set up that sets the place up for even more drinks.  Don't go there expecting a drink for $8 - more like $12 or so - but they are so creative and the drinks are worth it.  And they even validate valet parking passes for the Scottsdale Quarter!  Love it!
3	First time (lunch) at Tanzy and I have some mixed feelings of this place, so here we go:-Ambiance: Excellent! I love the modern and a bit of artsy decor, the inner side (looks like for private parties) overlook the McDowell mountains, the view is just amazing!-Service: Great and attentive. -Food, and the most important part: A-OK. Yes, that's what I think... after reading all the good things about this interesting 'Crispy Brussels Sprouts', we decided to give it a try, and honestly, we are not impressed... it's just average, with the side of sweet pepper relish just being taken out of the fridge, nah... for entrees, we had the Grilled Ahi Tuna and the Grilled Swordfish. (they actually don't have the Lemon Sole i was looking for, yeah, the online menu needs a update...). Both dishes do not have the 'wow' kind of presentation, which was a bit less than expected. I would expect a bit more for a place like this kind of decor and the location, well, maybe i'm wrong... anyways, both dishes were alright, I liked my swordfish, cooked well and a nice hint of the pesto, but was a bit over oily and dry... the grilled Ahi tuna was kinda bland, not a fan of the bed of white bean ragout....-Price (for lunch): I'd say pretty good with the portion and the service and the location...Overall 3 stars because the food did not impress us, but do think to come back for a dinner menu or happy hour... we shall see the next experience.
3	Very cute place that I wish I had known about sooner. It is right next to IPic (which I have yet to try) and across from Narcisse. The layout is nice however the tables with the booth set up is a little weird. I mean their is hole so that the table extends from one side to another  but if you are trying to have a private conversation, you really can't as the table next to you would be all up in your business! lol.We ordered a turkey panini and the mushroom panini. They were both just ok as they ended up being a little soggy instead of being creamy on the inside and the bread being nice and crisp on the outside. I ended up just tearing the bread off and eating most of the mushroom panini (we split it so that we would each get half of each sandwhich) but the turkey panini was just so so. The fries were very good though and when you split the meal, you get fries with each half. Plus they came in these cute little deep fryer baskets. How cool.All in all, the service and the company was great and I may come back for happy hour and to try other items as well as I may come back for brunch someday.
5	Fantastic place!!! Jill was our server and let me tell you she took extra special care of us. My family and i had just been to the ipic theater and had a great meal but missed out on desert. Unfortunately the desert we wanted wasn't on the menu but Jill made it happen. We will definitely be back to see her. Bill, the manager I assume, was fabulous as well. He was quick to greet us and ask how we enjoyed the movie and made certain that we were well taken care of. Best customer service and satisfaction I've had in quite a while. They were great and the food was to die for. Just can't thank them enough. We live way out in Avondale and but it is well worth the trip everytime. HIGHLY Recommend this place. : )
4	Reviewing this place in context of a girls Friday happy hour. Ambience check. Service check. Vibe check. Enjoyed my time here. Can't say the food is wow but it more than makes up for it in all the above dimensions. The dips we tried were good. But more importantly it's a nice , feel good place surrounded by beautiful people. Go with good company to sit back and relax.
3	Great location.  Total eye candy.
3	Ordered the "brunch" salmon and eggs benedict with my wife. The eggs in the eggs benedict were way overcooked. The yolks were hard and the meat was overcooked. For a brunch, the eggs benedict should be a signature dish. Salmon was good.  Service friendly and pleasant.
2	Probably the lamest happy hour spot I've ever been to. We asked the bartender about that day's HA items (we were there on a Friday) and he listed 3 items - 2 specific foo-foo drinks(probably colored blue) and one appetizer. wow. Nothing here like a happy hour menu or discounted well drinks. So we got a vodka and soda - $13.  oooookay, I guess they're preying on the people who don't have enough sense to go to a theatre (Ipic) that's less than $20/head. I was there for a meetup, which brought people there to have fun, etc. You'd think Tanzy would appreciate that, but they had their waitresses add 20% to everyone's bill - nice. It's not like we were sitting down creating a 'table from hell with 30 people".Luckily I was impatient enough to get our drinks at the bar, so this didn't affect me.Everyone from the people at the door , the bartenders, and the waitresses were super nice, though. The bathroom was pretty cool..Oh and last but not least, I have to admit I absolutely hate the name , Tanzy. I just feel creepy as a hetero male saying "hey, I'm going to Tanzy". Please note my utter hatred of the name didn't affect this review.
2	Gorgeous restaurant! They spared no expense when designing it. Love the open air windows, firepit, bar area  Definitely this is a place to dress up and people watch the "older" Scts hipsters.  Atmosphere is one of the best in ScottsdaleHOWEVER...Sadly  My tanzy salad was not so hot.  the lettuce was wilted and the other veggies were definitely old. I ended up getting a bad stomach for several days afterward.  I ordered chicken for the salad which was tasty and a good sized portion. My friends said they liked their food but I didnt hear "delicious" ever come out of their mouths.  One had scallops and the other had the roasted chicken.  If i were to return, i would order the scallops because not only did the plate look gorgeous, the mushrooms and sauce looked wonderful.  THe prices seemed high for the quality of the food.The service was friendly and especially attentive with the water. The bread was warm and good too.Id go back for drinks and light apps but not for dinner
3	Like Salt, which is right next door, this is a very nice bar, in a very good location.  We had very good service all 3 times we've been there.  Haven't eaten there, so can't comment on the food.  Excellent bar/couch setup.
4	Tanzy was my first stop for spring Restaurant Week. I started with the polenta fries, which were a generous portion, especially for one person. From there I went with the short ribs and gnocchi which were AMAZING; a generous portion and cooked perfectly. The red velvet bread pudding completed my meal and was fantastic.Our server was friendly and accommodating to my friend's gluten intolerance, and prompt through out the meal. I would definitely go back when I want to treat myself at Scottsdale Quarter.
4	My friend and I decided to grab lunch after a rough day of shopping (haha). We decided to check out Tanzy as we have not been here before and opted for a high top table by the bar. Our bartender/waitress, Michelle, was super nice and honest with recommendations (it was her first day so she was honest about not trying some items that we asked about). We both ordered cocktails, myself the Strawberry-Bourbon Julep that was delicious, but you can definitely taste the JB, and my friend ordered the Prickly Pear & Arizona Honey 'Rita (I liked mine better, but that may be because of the heavily salted rim on her glass). Both drinks/all of those specialty drinks are $11 each.For our entree, I couldn't decide between the Prosciutto, Balsamic Fig & Melon Flatbread ($12) or the Tanzy Sandwich ($11). I went to our pleasant Bartender/Waitress, Michelle, who then deferred the question to Dale who suggested the Flatbread because of the salty/sweet combination of flavors, and I was sold. My friend opted for the Turkey Brie Panini ($10). Hers came with fries and mine didn't, but we both agreed mine was the better choice, thanks Dale! And as a side note, my entree would also be enjoyable as an appetizer.We enjoyed both our food and drinks while also enjoying the view of the fountain and watching the kiddies play (in the non pedophile way) and the MILF's (some in bathing suits, which was questionable) lounging in chairs. The decor inside the restaurant is just as lovely and the bathroom was very clean. I did find it odd that there are only two, very large stales, and they both don't have seat liners, but whateves, my quads and hamies could use the work out. The total lunch bill for two alcoholic drinks and two entrees came to about $43.00 which is on the high end of things, but if we skipped the drinks it would be more reasonable. We would both come back :)
5	Tanzy is quickly becoming my favorite place...The atmosphere is beautiful and classy without being stuffy. The signature drinks are handmade and oh so good. I love the cucumber lime martini for a refreshing summer cocktail. The food has impressed me every time.The first night I dined here they had a scallop appetizer on special and it was out of this world good! The scallops were cooked perfectly (which is not easily done) and had a beautiful salt crust on top. This item is not on the standard menu, but they do have a scallop entree that I hear is just as amazing.Another must order item is the hand pulled motz (mozzarella). You can choose to have it made in front of you or in the kitchen. Absolutely opt for the show at your table. They form the motz right there and you can choose the salts and oils to accompany it. It is damn good and fun to watch.The beef carpaccio  is ok. Standard but good.Come here for lunch, happy hour, dinner or a sip before or after a movie at iPic. I can't wait to try their brunch (bottomless mimosas included!)
5	We had a group of 3 and started with the grilled calamari. I was used to fried calamari, so when I saw the plate of grilled squid with capers come out I was a little questionable. It was the best calamari I have ever eaten! Delicious taste and I would recommend it to everyone. Their drinks are amazing and definitely not watered down.  My first drink was the Illegalito which had a Mojito taste, but a sweeter finish. Not overly sweet, but just enough to counter the mint. Raspberry and Rio was my second drink and it was a great blend of fresh berries and alcohol. I have the 10oz center cut filet of beef and it was fantastic. Perfectly cooked to order and the fingerling potatoes were a great compliment. My roommate got the crab stuffed shrimp and I sampled that. It was like having one of the best crab cakes I have ever eaten with a shrimp outside. My girlfriend got the Mediterranean chicken and that was also very good. Great blend of ingredients and she mentioned it was not overly filling as most pasta dishes can be. If you want a ton of food and are on a budget this is probably not the place for you, but if you want delicious food that is a perfect portion, an awesome variety of drinks, and don't mind paying slightly more to get it Tanzy is the place!
4	Gorgeous!!!Food- eh, its OK ...as weird as it is to say this.. try the Brussels sproutsBar- Tom the bartender makes this place worth going to all by himself. hes over the top fun!! Good drinks fast! I have been here several times and even though I didn't care for i at first they seem to be improving all of the things that seem to be off. Now even offering a complementary hummus bar during happy hour( which was not previously offered)
2	The servers are nice and the presentation of the food was fairly sophisticated, but the actual taste of the food was disappointing. We ordered a large veriety of things and to be honest none of it was good at all. I suggest going to dinner elsewhere and just ordering drinks/desert at Tanzy aka iPics.
4	Went here for lunch the other day with a friend. The food was yum! The portions were generous. Service was great. Our server's name was Blake and he was just sweet as can be. I can't wait to come back and try it for happy hour because I have heard good things.
3	Nice brunch.  $15 includes Mimosa's, a small buffet bar with made-to-order pancakes, and assorted goodies.  Another $6 and you get your choice of some nice egg dishes.
5	Well, I gotta say, pretty amazing! The decor of the restaurant is modern and chic, but very inviting. The views of the AZ mountains, really help set the mood. Service was fast and friendly, and definitely what I would expect of a restaurant of this caliber.The food, was exceptional! We had the Tuna Tartare for appetizer, and I normally don't like to order tartare - but this was fabulous. I loved the spicy oil drizzle on the plate - I can't remember, but it might have been a truffle oil. And for dinner I had ordered the Crab Stuffed Shrimp and my friend ordered the Scallops and Mushrooms. Both were amazing and I would order again in a heartbeat.Definitely a fan, definitely a must-try for those looking for something new and fun, and palette-pleasing. And yes, it's pricey, but worth it - make a date night out of it and catch a movie, it'll be a fun and classy night!
4	Have gone to happy hour here several times and have to say that the bar staff and food are excellent.  The fresh mozzarella is made to order at your table and definitely wortwhile.
3	Sorry this is ling, but there were a few events during my visit here. I was here once before for a work party, for their brunch, and thought it was pretty good. So I was excited when my friend suggested we meet there for lunch. Our server seemed very kind and gave us a few minutes to catch up and look over the menu. She tried to give my soft drink to my friend but I've been a server before, I know that happens. Her expertise took a quick nosedive from there, however. She mentioned the soup of the day was a baked potato, and how good it was, and then forgot they had it when my friend tried to order it. But she got the orders in and all was well.. Until the food came. My friend's order should have been that soup and a salad; she instead brought the salad and a bowl of tomato soup, (I could see it on the tray behind my friend) and then proceeded to inform me that they were out of the potato soup, to which I replied that she needed to talk to my friend since I didn't order it. So she says instead they have mushroom soup, which J tells her she doesn't like, then she says they have a tomato soup, waiting for her to say yes. She agreed but  as she told the server she doesn't love tomato soup, to which the server replied that they have mushroom soup. Um, didn't we just go over that? When the server left the table, J asked me wouldn't it have been better to inform her and ask her wishes regarding a change, prior to bringing out the tomato soup? Yes, likely what I would have done. Then towards the end of the meal, she refills my diet soft drink, tells me it's diet as she sets it down, but when I take a drink I realize it's regular. I might have excused some of this if it was a busy time, but I only counted 2 other tables in sight, one of which left while we were eating. She did have my friend's lunch comped, which was good because she didn't like the soup and would have ordered someone entirely different (the soup was replaced with an appetizer but was a snap decision and it wasn't really what J wanted; I think she took only a few bites). My prosciutto and fig flatbread was good, J's Caesar salad was tasty, but the errors really dampened the experience. She was perfectly nice, but didn't really demonstrate capability as a server, in our opinion. It's a hard job, not everyone can do it, just like most jobs.
4	Stopped into Tanzy on a last minute decision and turned out to be a GREAT choice ! Food was excellent. The brussel sprouts app was friggin fantastic- seriously they were wonderful. I had the risotto which is was so good it inspired me to master my own risotto recipe at home (which i did, if you are wondering). Lova' had the pork and he didn't have any complaints. The beer selection was not the best but i did try a cucumber-limon martini and supa dupa refreshing!
2	Just had a drink but did not really want to stay much longer. The martini was watery and the menu was not up to my expectations. Still, it's a cool place to hang out before seeing a movie.
5	Such a great place to hang out...bartenders are all fabulous. Haven't tried food there, but the atmosphere is fantastic and so are the drinks!
1	I stopped in on a Friday night because a friend of mine wanted to go here. While this establishment is full of dating couples, match.com people and just out for a night, I decide to order the Pizza Sauce Bloody Mary. I have seen this made before and it is a beautiful beverage. In the menu the description says house cucumber lime vodka or Chinaco Silver Estate Tequila ( which would be a Bloody Maria I think), salt and pepper rim, Antipasti skewer and celery bitters. We all know Bloody Mary's come with celery and olives. I was served olives and a normal Bloody Mary mix, as apparently Tanzy ran out of supplies. The drink is not pretty like I have seen before and when I address the situation the bartender said "we are out of everything, we got slammed on Sunday." Are you effin kidding me? It's Friday. You mean to tell me in five days time nobody could make it to a store or get a delivery? My level of disappointment is shocking. I dine in almost every restaurant in this area. The Scottsdale Quarter is very trendy, relatively expensive and has the ability to host so many people. Having said that, to give such a lame excuse for a patron bringing up a poorly made beverage is sad. Being that Scottsdale insists on charging $10.00 for a Bloody Mary, I expect a sexy beverage that I have seen in the past. Consistency is key in this industry. When you wonder why Eddie V's is alive well  it's because they try very hard to have a great guest experience. Good thing you guys have IPic money to support you.
5	Delicious food!  Excellent service!
4	This review is solely based on the bar and drinks. I did not have dinner here.Beautiful spot, great ambiance. The front opens up completely so when the weather is nice the lounge area overlooks the Champagne room.  Looks like a nice place to have dinner.It was nice until all of the cougars showed up on Friday night. :/
4	There were some imperfections, but overall I am really impressed.Setting: We had a party of 10 here for restaurant week. the ambiance was really nice, even for someone who lives in Scottsdale and is used to beautification.Food: The portions are healthy. Both the Calamari and the brussels sprout first courses were great. The short rib was right up there with St. Francis and Chelsea's (but you can't get an egg on it) and the gnocchi was flat out amazing. The only disappointment were the desserts. The red velvet pudding and the flourless cake (the latter was more like a pudding than the former) were both really, really bland.Service: We were not greeted for 15-20mins, which most of us in the party did not notice since we were all catching up with each other. The food came out a little slow and staggered - they explained their computer crashed. However, they were extremely apologetic and attentive after acknowledging their mistakes without us even bringing it to their attention. In my mind, they turned a negative into a positive here.Summary: Given that most valley restaurants I have tried, try to take the chintzy route for restaurant week, Tanzy really stepped up. The first and second courses were so amazing they made up for their other shortcomings. I write this as I am eating 2-day old short rib I heated up in the microwave, which still tastes wonderful. If they can master their desserts, they will be complete. I would give them 4.5 stars if Yelp's interface allowed it.
4	Snotsdale vibe aside, the place is pretty nicely decorated and the atmosphere is nice.  We came for restaurant week and our waitress was great.  She was not the least bit snotty!For first course we tried the calamari and the crispy brussel sprouts.  The sprouts were basically deep fried with some kind of white sauce drizzled over it.  With the sweet-tangy salsa it was actually very good and the portion was huge.  The calamari was cooked perfectly but I didn't understand the combination.  It came with roasted tomato, capers and artichoke hearts.  Not bad, not as big of a portion size.For the entrees we chose the short rib and pork chop.  The short rib was a large square rectangle which threw me off slightly, but the taste was pretty good.  Came with a very sweet balsamic reduction, blue cheese gnocci and wilted spinach.  The pork chop was cooked perfectly with a nice crust and soft middle.  The sauce was good, although it could have used more and bed of vegetables that included fingerling potatoes were great but also not as plentiful.  Just a little bit of green on the plate and it would've been just perfect.All in all, I'm surprised the yelp rating on this restaurant is so low.  Must be mostly pricing or service because the food is pretty good.  A don't miss for Restaurant Week!
4	The bar area is extremely lovely here. If you go for happy hour they have a mini buffet set up with tapas that im pretty sure would fill you up on its own. Every part of the lounging area was beautiful and I would say perfect for a date, girls night, or even just a lonesome venture (which I probably would never do). A group of girls came here for restaurant week and they had the table set up for us before we arrived. We did lounge at the bar to get a few drinks in before dinner which they happily accommodated. The restaurant menu meals were really good. Just note that the artichokes are fried and the calamari is not. There were a few of us who thought the opposite and ordered accordingly. I would have to say though, the calamari was realllly delicious and i would go back just to eat it again. The artichokes were also good but the amount they gave us (large portions) was way more than enough. Just to keep things short. My meal was awesome. The restaurant week menu included a wine pairing option so i opted for it just to be adventurous. THE best decision of the night. I would definitely recommend going for restaurant week..or just any week
5	My wife and I decided to dine here this past Friday night and were very impressed.  Our waitress Michelle was very knowledgable about both the menu and the wine list.  She recommended the short ribs and a really nice pinot noir to go along with my meal, and I absolutely LOVED it.   Michelle informed us that the menu will be changing next week and that we should definitely come back.  Um, yeah, absolutely returning! My wife's birthday is coming up soon and I am definitely bringing her and friends back for the celebration.  New favorite restaurant.
4	Had lunch the chefs special short rib sandwich is delicious as was the prickly pear margarita.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix...service:  perfect, food: perfect (except for the chicken, which I felt was undercooked and haven't ordered again), ambiance: perfect, location: perfect.  I was there the other night to pick up a to-go order for my mother and sat at the bar for a drink...I ordered a raspberry martini and they didn't have the raspberry, so I was given a free drink while waiting for the food.  I love Phoenix City Grille, and will dine there every chance I get.  The bread pudding is TO DIE FOR!
4	I came here to eat while waiting for my showtime at the Scottsdale IPIC Theater. It is a little on the pricey side but I enjoyed it. I had a rib eye sandwich and it was very good. It was lunch time and it was not very crowded on a Tuesday. The service was great and the waiter took the time to explain which were his favorites and why they were his favorites. He cared about us and it made us feel welcomed. I will definitely try this place again when in the area.
1	Dear Tanzy,Today you sadly disappointed in the service you provided. I spoke so very highly of your brunch buffet with unlimited mimosas, but sadly things did not go as planned. Let me start by saying that although the day ended not as planned, all of your staff were quite nice, very friendly, and extremely apologetic. I arrived on time and checked in, and I let the hostess know that my dining companions were running late but I still wanted let them know that I was there since I had made the reservation ( which by the way was cancelled on opentable after I checked in but that is another story) .  5 mins later another dining companion arrived and we were seated while we waited for others.  (FYI there was a total of 8 of us including my friend's daughter) Kevin our waiter introduced himself and let us know that he along with another waiter would be taking care of us. Score!  We get to fabulous men to take care of us. We were offered the endless mimosas but were SADLY informed that the brunch buffet that was once before offered was no more and that a new menu for brunch was being introduced.  I was so disappointed as that was the main reason why I had picked Tanzy as I had raved about the brunch buffet and how good it was.  This should have been our queue as to what was to come.Fast forward to around 11:30 and the rest of our party finally arrived. Everyone was happy to so each other and Kevin came by to offer the unlimited mimosas and again let us know that he and another waiter would be taking care of us. Cool. 10 mins later we are ready to order and regretfully our waiters are no where to be found. 20 mins go by and we are still waiting for our waiters so my friend went to the hostess desk  to ask where our waiters were and the hostess herself graciously came over to take our orders. But then we wait, and wait, and wait. We see other tables that came in after we did, get served there meal, eat, and leave. We even asked a party that was across from us, who came in at the same time that we did, if they had even ordered yet as they appeared to be waiting just as long as were were. An hour and 15 mins later ( not kidding) we finally say we are done. I go and look for our waiter and say please cancel our order because we are leaving. The manager comes out and apologies and comps our drinks but we were still disappointed. I am not sure what happened today but after speaking your praises   you let me down as well as all my girlfriends. Will I be back? Maybe but it will be awhile. Seriously  Tanzy, you dropped the ball today.Love, EbonyPS Bring back that yummy buffet please!Update 11.12.12: I received a phone call and an email from the General Manager Michael  today. WOW! Thank you for both the call and email. You went above and beyond what I expected. For that I give you 5 stars ( but I won't change the stars on this particular review) But again just wow, thank you!!! See I told you guys that the staff was great! :)
4	I went to Tanzy with the ladies last evening! I love, love the lounge area! The atmosphere is great for friends to hang out relax, and enjoy the space. We ordered many appetizers and had drinks. I really liked the hand pulled Mozzarella, however, why did they sprinkle it with the salt??? If I wanted salt I would have put it on myself!  Some of us have very, very strict diets and salt must be kept to a minimum. This was a huge disappointment after I had taken a few bites and chewed on huge pieces of rock salt. I was up all night drinking 3 bottles water!!!! Took extra medication and suffered the next day. Please Tanzy put the piles of salt on the side, if we want some, we will sprinkle it on ourselves!!!!!
4	Great cocktails and ambience! Good date spot!
4	Food was ok, didn't think it was worth the price, If I order a 30+ steak I expect to finish it because it was good, which I didn't.  I did eat most though, and as a southerner I really liked the "new southern" sides, Lima bean amd corn mix with a almost bread pudding style parmesan stuffing. The atmosphere is fun, but dark! :)
2	After the comment I received after my review, I checked my inbox and indeed had a message regarding my visit. They asked for additional information about the visit and further contact info which I provided. I never heard any further feedback.
5	This place is a regular stop for me and my family. It doesn't matter if it is just for regular dinner or a special occasion. The food is simple, yet fast and elegant. The staff is knowledgable and always attentive. I recommend this place for anybody that loves good food and amazing service.
5	i am writing a review based on the Yelp Elite event held tonight. although doubtful i could ever afford to eat here regularly, the wife and i were treated to an extremely delightful night of food and wine. every wine poured (i stuck mostly with the shiraz and the cabernet) was ridiculously smooth and rich. my glass never sat empty for 3 solid hours. i'm sorry i can't remember all the food dishes, but for starters, the bread plate with the arugula, candied figs, roasted red peppers....the soft mozzarella concotion....holy cow...it was like an episode of Top Chef. then the entrees....the cedar plank salmon, the scallops...oh my the scallops....so soft and buttery and melty in my mouthy....topped off with the red velvet bread pudding and flourless chocolate cake (the lightest flourless chocolate cake i've ever tasted) had me groaning in pain from a full belly, but writhing in pleasure from the taste. i imagine this must be what that dude in hell feels like as he's imbibing in lusty pleasures followed by tenacious torture....Jill, the server for our section, was exquisite. she not only kept the wine flowing and the food plentiful, she was so excited to explain each dish and wine serving, often pulling up a chair to converse for long periods of time, how she loved the dishes and how much she enjoyed working at Tanzy. everything was perfect. there were 2 meat app's and 2 meat entrees that we didn't partake in but our fellow revelers had no issues devouring. a wonderful, wonderful evening of dining pleasure.
5	This restaurant in the Scottsdale Quarter is located up on the second floor. It was bigger than I expected with a nice open atmosphere. We were in a private dining room in the back for the Yelp event and had the most amazing experience. The staff was welcoming and friendly and kept the food and drinks coming! Some of my favorite dishes of the evening included the artisan ricotta-stuffed mozzarella cheese, the calamari, scallops, tempura brussel sprouts, and red velvet bread pudding. The wines were delicious and we also got to sample a couple cocktails which looked as beautiful as they tasted! This would be a great place to bring my parents when they visit from out of town, or to celebrate a special occasion. Wonderful experience!!!
4	1st this is a review of their food only, we did not stay at the restaurant! They have three options.1) Tanzy Restaurant - Dine In2) Tanzy Express - Take Out3) iPic Experience - Dine in the movie theaterWe did option three, first the price is a little high. But when you are already willing to spend on a iPic experience, then you might as well go all out. Which I did taking out my two favorite girls! I had their Angus burgers sliders, truffle fries, and a diet coke. Sliders were excellent! A lot of flavor, cooked at medium well. Truffle fries were a little salty. But then again, I do not add salt to anything so I am the wrong person to advise on salt!! Wife had the pepperoni flat bread, since I had some! It was pretty good, thought it was a regular pizza. Daughter had the burger sliders and tater tots w/bacon ketchup! Daughter has always been a tater tot person and she was not disappointed! She kept on telling us how great the bacon ketchup was! SO!!FOOD!! - was great, will eat there food again!!PRICE! - A bit high, but with the experience! It was well worth it!Hopefully I can write you a update on the restaurant experience instead of the iPic experience?
3	Service is a bit slow, factor that in if you are stopping for a quick drink before a movie..
5	Wow, what can you say about this place that has not been said.It is awesome in every area. There is so much going on here that I will just review for today the Restaurant of Tanzy itself.The beautiful setting is amazing. Plus free parking in the covered Garages.The staff is lovely and all the Managers really care about this place and your dining experience.  Which makes all the difference.We had a lovely table and the wine here is so nice, spectacular actually.The food is really good , The Braised Beef Short Rib is simply the best to me.I am not really a huge fan of Red meat either but, this is awesome. The Gnocchi they serve with it is unreal. Even though I know I am packing on the pounds I cannot stop eating it.Next time I think I will try the Muscovy Duck Breast and candied Fig.  It too looked wonderful. The Risotto is very good as well , and my boyfriend had the Mediterranean Chicken Penne.There is something here for everyone's taste. Plus the chef will totally make something in your direction if you are a vegetarian. A flour less Chocolate cake is my absolute to die for. Second time I have had it, and I love it.  I could come in again just for that.The restrooms are beautiful and clean.High end price but, good for a fancy night out. Dress up, because, you just feel better when you do.HAPPY NEW YEAR!
4	For the month of December, Tanzy was like a 2nd home to me, because within a short span of 3 weeks, I visited Tanzy 3 times! (Once for a work party, the next for a Yelp event, and the 3rd to celebrate my friend and my birthdays).The work party went pretty smoothly! It was an interesting approach for privately organized parties to have prix fixe menus. Originally, we were given the choice of 4 appetizers, 4 entrees, and a melee of desserts. However, I had no idea that each individual would receive his or her appetizer plate. The appetizer plates are large, and are meant to be shared, so it was quite overwhelming for each person to have a plate. By the time we were through the appetizers plus salads, we were too full to enjoy our entrees. I'm not complaining that we had so much food, but it was just pure craziness that we had that much food!The verdict for work party night: The calamari appetizer was described as "chewing rubber bands." The carpaccio plate was enormous and definitely a favorite! The tuna tartare was my favorite, because it was almost like eating a huge plate of sashami tuna. As far as salads go, the strawberry and cheese salad was "just ok." The steak dish was "very good, " as was the scallop entree. The salmon and chicken dishes were also cooked well. Overall, the night was really good, but "not amazing" as my co-workers described.My 2nd experience, the Yelp night. The calamari had remarkable improvement! It was tender and not chewy at all. It could be cut with a blunt spoon if needed! The tableside mozerella was a new experience for me! I didn't even know that was offered there. The scallop dish was just a great as I remembered it a couple of weeks earlier. The filet mignon and short rib dish were so delicious and tender!! The risotto was amazing as well! I felt like I was in a brand new restaurant!Finally, the birthday celebration night, my 3rd visit to Tanzy.... Scallop dish was no longer available! Within a span of 3 weeks, a fan favorite was removed from the menu!! I was shocked. I was excited to have my friends try the tableside prepared mozerella, and our mozerella chef (I guess that's what you'd call him) Edmund did wonderfully! It was even tastier at this visit than at the Yelp night. I guess it helped that we were able to choose which specialized salts and spices we wanted mixed into our cheese. Definitely ask for him when you have your mozerella cheese made tableside! I ordered the Tall, blonde and Savory drink that I tried at the Yelp event and am still in love with! I was also reunited with the Red Velvet Bread Pudding dessert that I cannot part with! My sea bass dish was good that I tried that night.As you can see, I've had some hits and misses with Tanzy, but I can tell the chefs are talented and are definitely into experimenting with foods. I like when restaurants step out of their comfort zones and try new styles and tastes. Each time, our wait staff asked our opinion and always value feedback, because each visit has been different. I'm curious to see what else they can whip up.
4	To celebrate our anniversary, my boyfriend and I decided to go somewhere nice for dinner. We made a reservation and were seated as soon as we arrived. The booth they gave us was very spacious. Our server was very attentive and we continued to recieve great service throughout our dining experience. We were there about two hours so it's definitely a "dining experience". For an appetizer, we had to try this table side mozzarella because we kept hearing such amazing things! The server who made it was really friendly and showed us "newbies" what it was all about. We got to choose what kind of salt we wanted and if we wanted oil. We chose the Hawaiian salts, which were great! I would definitely say the mozzarella was the hit of the night for us! For dinner, I ordered the swordfish and my boyfriend ordered the short rib. Both were very delicious and would recommend! We took the chocolate cake with raspberry sauce home with us to share. The cake was very rich but good! Overall, I would recommend Tanzy. For us, it was definitely an indulgence (food and money wise) but we enjoyed out time at the restaurant.
3	My girlfriend and I received a gift card to use for the iPic theaters and we also heard that we could use the card at Tanzy as well.  We called ahead to confirm this which they said was not a problem and we also made a reservation for dinner on a Saturday night.  We are both no strangers to eating at fine restaurants, but this one had eluded us for now.We arrived and were promptly seated in a very spacious booth that could have fit 8 people easily.  Our waitress did a fine job, until the end(see later) and we definitely enjoyed our meal very much.  Beverages were refilled promptly and all of our needs were met.  We ordered tableside mozzarella which was very yummy.  You get to pick the kind of salt, olive oil and balsamic to go with it.For dinner, I had the short rib, gnocchi and spinach, all of which was cooked great.  My girlfriend had the swordfish with fingerling potatoes which was also done well.  The plates were definitely put together and looked great as well.Being that we had a gift card, which wouldn't even come close to covering our bill, I placed both my credit card and the gift card with the check.  I looked at the total and had already calculated out my 25% tip because they had done such an exceptional job making our evening enjoyable.  However, when the bill came back, I noticed something odd that wasn't their before, big circles around the original total at the bottom of the receipt.  Not sure if that is common practice, but I know that there are people out there that do not know how to tip properly and because we were young people, it was done to "remind" me what the original total of the bill was so I can tip on that amount.  Thanks, I remember that my bill was almost $140 for 2 people to eat.  So to sum it all up, good food amazing atmosphere and decor.  But in the end, they made me feel like I didn't belong in a "fine" dining restaurant and left me with a bad taste in my mouth walking out the door.  I probably would not return because there are better places to go that their servers are not allowed to do such things.
4	Really would love to do a 3.5 star thing here, but you know....After a little shopping, my friend and I decided to check out Tanzy.  Neither one of us had been there before.  We climbed the escalator and were immediately wow'ed by the ambiance.  Gorgeous comfy sofas up front with small fires for lighting.  We approached the hostess and were seated in the dining room.  I'm pregnant and ready to throw down on appetizers, dinner, AND dessert.  The hostess supplied an appetizer and drink menu, and told us our waiter would bring us a dinner menu.  5 minutes later, someone came by with bread and water.  That's a good start.  10 minutes go by, still no waiter.  And I'm a starving pregnant woman.  I'm about to gnaw off my arm.  I tell my friend - "Let's go.  I need to eat."  We walk out the door and we get the friendly, "Have a great night."  Did the hostess not realize she just sat us 15 minutes ago?  I spin on my heel, and in full hormonal pregnant mode, I said quite curtly, "We've been here for 15 minutes and nobody even came by to take a drink order."  Fortunately, Mark, I'm assuming the manager, asked us if he, himself, could take care of us.  I was fuming and debating.  We're here, might as well have an appetizer and a mocktail.  "OK".  We decided to be quick and stay for a drink and app and move along and opted for the comfy sofas up front.A very nice waitress (and I forget her name - prego brain) came by with her smile and apologized for the mishap in the dining room.  Not her fault, but appreciated it.  She took our order and she got me a fabulous cosmo mocktail, and it was actually put in a martini glass.  Thank you for making a pregnant woman feel normal for a minute!  (Usually you get the ol' soda glass - what's the point in that?)  My friend got a martini as well.  We ordered the full mozzarrella platter prepared table side!  WOW.  Pick your salt, healthy amount of proscuitto, figs, olive tapenade, pesto, and fire roasted tomatoes.  Our waitress came by asking us if we wanted dinner.  We declined.  It was a lot of food on the app platter for 2.5 ladies.  Mark came by several times to check on us as well.  He asked if we would like dessert - we declined.  He said, "Please, on me.It's pretty"  Pretty?  Well, okay...  Why not?Beautiful presentation of rosemary olive oil bread balls with vanilla bean icecream and sugar glaze.  Very rich, we couldn't even finish it, but so delicious.  The bill arrived, we were comped for everything but the drinks - 2 mocktails and a martini - $19.  I'm originally from the east coast, so this doesn't seem unreasonable to me for drinks and probably helps with limiting the clientele.  I'm good with that.  But I really couldn't believe how Mark and our very nice waitress TRICIA!  Yes....  Tricia...  how they went above and beyond to make up for our experience.Both of us ladies take our clients out regularly for lunches, dinners, and happy hours to entertain.  I want to try this place again before I bring a customer here (who can help but be a bit gunshy), but I'm confident they have the right people in place to provide a positive experience and both of us will be back.Again, thanks Mark & Tricia, for making it such a great evening for us.  Beautiful
4	What can I say...? the Food was fantastic! The only thing keeping me from giving this place 5 stars is that the restaurant was a little loud and it was hard to hear my fiance talking at times, but sometimes there is nothing to be done about this.We ordered the crispy prosciutto and blanched escarole buratta plate and it was amazing. We found a love for buratta while on vacation in sedona and we will never go back to a normal cheese plat again (at least not while buratta is an option!) . The cheese is hand-made in house and the accompaniments could not have been more perfect.The boy went for the stuffed chicken breast and I chose the braised short rib. We knew immediately when our food came out I have made the better choice. He insists his chicken was great, but my short ribs definitely stole the show. The goat cheese gnocchi on the side was good until it got cold then it was rubbery, but  now I know to eat it faster.Very extensive wine list, and fantastic service from the door to the table. We will definitely be coming back. Watch out though, cocktails are a bit pricey and the apps can be as much as some of the entrees...those $$$ can add up fast!
4	The good: Get the table side mozzarella. I thought it was very good, and the choice of seasoning salts is a nice touch. I had the braised beef spare ribs and they were delicious: tender, shredded with a fork, and great flavor. The gnocchi were perfect with a light, fluffy texture and were a great compliment to the garlic spinach. The ambiance was also nice, with dim lighting interwoven with firelight.The bad: My friend's salmon was just ok. For over $20, it should've been much better.The ugly: Nothing. Overall, a very nice place.
5	Atmosphere & Bar Review:The atmosphere was beautiful and an immediate draw when we walked through the door.  My friend and I were in for a couple casual mid-afternoon drinks when we met Michelle, the bartender. She was inviting and engaging without being overwhelming as some chatty barkeeps can be. I told Michelle what my alcohol preferences were and she made two fabulous recommendations that I thoroughly enjoyed. Great first experience and will certainly be back!
3	Service at the bar area is hit or miss. We had two bartenders waiting on us.  One made our drinks and delivered in record time.  We ordered a few apps and an entree. The apps all came but they completely forgot our entree.  After an hour of waiting we decided to leave.
3	I've been to this place over five times now, none of them because I chose it.  The place is gorgeous, too bad the food is nothing to write about.  I always have a hard time deciding what to eat, since nothing I've had in the past is great, just ok.  I've had the calamari, the eggplant stack, a couple of their salads and the mozzarella plate, this one I had last thursday at my moms night out.  One of the servers comes with a big cart and pretty much massages your mozzarella into shape and plates it for you (he wears gloves).  I had two martinis and the cheese plate for $39, so I left a $50.  Not that the service was great, but I just tip well.  I had to ask her for water several times.  Again, the place, gorgeous, the rest, not so much for the price.
5	The tableside mozzarella was delish.  I had the short rib and my husband had the sea bass - both were outstanding!  The pan fried gnocci was so tasty - never had it served that way before.  Even though we were stuffed we couldn't resist trying the red velvet bread pudding - glad we did!!!  Will definitely go back soon.
2	We don't seem to exist here.  The service was horrible.  Sat at the bar right in front of the bartender who was too busy cleaning glasses to acknowledge us.  I'm usually rather patient about these types of things, as I know they have other tasks to accomplish, however, it was NOT busy at all and it wasn't like she didn't see us.  She just gave us the impression that she would get around to taking our order when she felt like it...which was certainly not any time soon.  It was awkwardly rude and strange behavior.  If I weren't new to the area (and my guest from out of town) I would have thought she was an old enemy from days gone by.
2	High praises for the attentive service and friendly staff, but that's about it.The experience began with cocktails; a fruit martini tasting almost clinical due its unbalanced high vodka, low fruit ratio, and a Manhattan ordered with 'only one or two rocks' served up in a full glass of ice. Two for two thus far.The lobster salad, (Valentine's Day menu) a mountainous pile of frisee with a few small chunks of lobster buried deep within, made for a nice game of hide and seek as I watched my date feverishly pick through the lettuce in search of what little lobster was embedded within.The cedar planked salmon entree was another huge disappointment. A good cedar planked salmon should have the aroma, smoke coloring and caramelization of, well, cedar planked salmon. This was anything but. This salmon, while cooked properly, was tasteless, other than its normal salmon flavor.Now, plop it onto a flat, (non-fluffy pile) wet, soggy serving of cous cous and you've really got a plateful of disappointment.We also ordered the duck, which was delivered roasted and rare. So rare, it was like cutting raw chicken due to it being so flubbery. But again, as I mentioned, the staff was extremely helpful in bringing out a new plate of duck, this instead of the kitchen simply heating up the unwanted serving.After this level of disappointment, desserts were out of the question, but interestingly enough, our server never even offered us to see a dessert menu. How weird is that?It was like he had ESP.Throughout dinner, a woman, (we surmised a floor manager) paced the dining area as if overseeing the staff. Too bad she didn't stop by to inquire how our meal was or if everything was alright. Another disappointment.Ironically, if you read other Yelp reviews of Tanzy, nearly all of them feature a management response, either praising Yelpers for their high marks, or, apologizing for their less than stellar experience. Tanzy, please, there's no need to respond.I don't want an apology, or some lame reason why things weren't the way they should've been. I'm afraid that would be much too little, too late.The time for that was while we were still captive within your domain.What you should do instead is:Gordon Ramsey your Executive Chef.Make the mixologist sample his / her creations until they bleed vodka out of their eyes.And finally, have the person frantically pacing the aisles put a smile on her face and actually interface with the patrons, asking about their experience... seemingly pretending to give a poo.
5	We had a great experience for a small birthday party.The Wait:I made reservations on Opentable and arrived at Tanzy about 15 minutes before the rest of my party. The hostesses offered me a seat at the bar, and I hung out there for a few minutes. From that point on, every interaction with wait staff was pleasant and accommodating. The Food:Our waiter gave a couple recommendations and we ordered the table-side mozerella and crispy brussel sprouts. The table-side cheese was pretty good. I liked the show more than the dish itself, but we couldn't keep our hands off the fried sprouts. The tangy aioli sauce was so delicious that we dipped our bread into it.The main courses were short ribs, peppercorn crusted ribeye and the pan seared branzino. The short ribs were by far the best. They are as good, if not better, than any other restaurants I've been to. You don't need a knife because a fork shreds the succulently sweet and rich meat. I really enjoyed my ribeye because it was huge (16 oz?) and cooked to a medium rare the way I like it. It was a fattier cut and some bits were chewier than I like. Though, the taste overwhelmed any complaints I may have had. I didn't have enough room to try the branzino, but I heard great reviews at the table. The Staff:We had our own cake and the waiter was more than happy to cut it for us and brought out candles. After we were done, he took our pictures and whisked us into the special events area to take a few more with their gigantic, clear wine rack wall.We didn't try any cocktails, but I remember them being creative and incredible the first time I was here for a Yelp event. I've also had their frozen beverage at iPic (literally next door), which was very good too.Great overall restaurant experience in the Scottsdale Quarter that offers a trendy bar and the coolest movie theater in the state built in.
4	Great place to enjoy an afternoon cocktail!
5	Love this place. Sit at the bar and hang out with our favorite bar manager Chad!  Absolutely the best service you will get in AZ, oh and the food is freggin amazing too!
4	Great and classy place!! Located on 2nd floor of Sdale Quarter (adjacent to iPic). NOTE: park in the garage by Brio, or valet - I believe Tanzy validates parking.I had heard rave reviews of Tanzy, but had my own personal bias w/the name. You see, I was raised on a farm in SW Washington and "tansy" was a menacing weed that was cursed under one's breath in the spring. I personally thought the weed was quite charming (beautiful, yellow flowers)...but my grandparents thought differently.Tanzy didn't disappoint! It was late afternoon so the staff rolled back the walls and the lounge area was completely al fresco. Nice breeze on the tropical sofas while watching the tops of the palms sway in the wind. Felt like I was on a damn vacation.I had a cucumber-lime martini (delish, but a tad on sweet side) and their calamari. OMG! Soooo good! My friend had their fries and they were quite impressive also - unique tasting and love that they were put in like a little, silver "fry basket". Nice touch!!Service was impeccable and attentive. Tanzy, you won my heart and have changed up my personal bias - thank you!!
4	Short rib is yummy. Beet salad was good. Red velvet bread pudding was tasty and not too sweet. Fabulous service once you get seated. Hostess was MIA when we arrived so I hunted down a server to find out if they were still serving. Would definitely come again to try some other dishes.
3	Went back for the first time in months...noticed they changed the menu. Yayyyy!! Their previous menu was a big fat FAIL!! It was no wonder the dining room was always....let's just say...crickets! This time, I only went for drinks and an appetizer. The revised, hand-crafted cocktail menu is super-slamming! And I'm SO glad they kept the tempura brussels sprouts on the menu! I'm looking forward to trying the new dinner menu!! Who knows, Tanzy MAY get another star!
5	CARPACCIO!  EAT IT!  If raw beef doesn't freak you out, and maybe even if it does (Tanzy's may change your mind), try the carpaccio!  The fried capers and arugula compliment the carpaccio perfectly.  I am coming back again just because of this dish.The calamari was good, but it is not your typical appetizer calamari.  It is calamari steak, cut in strips, lightly breaded and fried with a delicious white wine sauce and roasted tomatoes.  I was not in love just because I like the creepy, crispy tentacle part of squid.  Wow, did I just admit that?!  I guess what I mean is squid can be rubbery, so I personally am not a fan of the texture of the steak strips...But, if you don't like the creepy tentacles this is your kind of calamari because the sauce compliments it incredibly.  The service was outstanding; both of our bartenders did a great job.  I find the atmosphere of Tanzy quite romantic, but also lively too; would be great for a date!
2	Really interesting drinks that are unique with complex flavors (try the champagne-made sangria or any drink with jalapeno honey).  Calamari shaped like steak fries very tasty.  Red velvet bread pudding a must!  All that said, once I entered the bathroom I quickly became disappointed.  Not one but two female employees exited a stall (on two separate occasions, yes), warmly smiled, said hello, and returned to work.  They  FAILED TO WASH THEIR HANDS!  I've worked as a server and even if there is a special sink for employees (doubtful) or they didn't really use the facilities (suspect as well) the performance should still be played for the customers' sakes.  Unfortunately, I won't return and hope the manager gets the message.  I LIKED it but...
4	I love eating here whether it's for lunch or dinner. This time I ordered lunch to pickup. The Turkey-Brie sandwich was full of flavor and absolutely delicious! I ordered a side salad to go along with it, and that's my only complaint. The "side salad" was only lettuce. At least it was the Spring Mix, but there was NOTHING on it. I know that side salads aren't filled with toppings, but at least add a couple of tomatoes and carrot slices.
5	This place was wonderful!My boyfriend and myself wanted to go out and celebrate my recent promotion :) I found this restaurant based on the reviews and the price. I tell ya, it met my expectations!We were seated even without reservations, about 5:30pm on a Friday night, on a nice and quiet half of the restaurant. We decided to try the table side mozzarella platter with "warm mozzarella served with basil pesto, roasted tomatoes andciabatta crostinis" as quoted from their menu. A gentleman actually brought a cart to our table and steam boiled the mozzarella, pulling it and working it. Even having us choose our own salt flavor out of six. We chose the dark wine and the garlic one. delicious! We both decided that was our favorite part of the meal.My boyfriend ordered the mediterranean chicken penne, liked it but thought there was too busy. A lot of mixed veggie types compared to the amount of pasta. He is a little particular so don't take his judgement too full heartedly. I thought it was yummy and a lil busy too.I ordered the shrimp scampi, delicous! He even thought so as well! Can't wait for the leftovers after I get off work tonight :)The wait staff was very tenative to our needs, my drink was never less then half full the entire hour of service. They asked our plans which created a movie discussion that continued a line of four different employees at different times during the meal. Very personable if you ask me!As I said, this place was wonderful and just the romantic setting me and my own needed :)Thanks for the wonderful service!
5	Tanzy, I have one word...WOW. OK , maybe more that one word but that one is definitely the sum of it. I am basing my five stars not only for the hand crafted cocktails , atmosphere and mouth watering dishes but ESPECIALLY for the above and beyond service we receieved from Katherine during our visit. She had an abundance of reccomendations that time and again proved to be top notch. She was attentive without being overbearing and truly made us feel like we were not "just another customer" but a very important guest. The warm inviting service is what compelled me to take the time to write a review (besides wanting to share this hidden gem with others :).  We started off with the table side mozzarella which our server explained and eventually talked us in to trying. Boy were we glad! What a unique experience and a fun part of our date to pick our seasoning and accompaniments together. We paired it with a FANTASTIC suggested bottle of wine that I am regretting not writing the name down at this moment s my taste buds are already craving its soft tanic fruity notes followed by a peppery finish. What an absolutely amazing pairing. We also tried the carpaccio which I was a initially a little scared to try (raw meat :/) but it was surprisingly good. The calamari in a white wine butter sauce tossed with capers for a zesty finish was the highlight of the meal for me. We finished our meals off with a red velvet bread pudding which I found to be just what I needed to seal the deal but my fiance was less than thrilled about , only because his mothers bread pudding is and always will be the best he's ever had ;) ( who can compete with a mother's cooking??). Overall this experience was beyond memorable and I plan on returning for the inviting service and datesque experience tanzy has to offer. i will admit the menu IS a little pricey but in this case you really do get what you pay for !
2	Any restaurant can have a bad night and this was Tanzy's night. This was our first time dining here before a movie at iPic.. The hostess was very nice and asked if we were seeing a movie so she could inform the server of our schedule. The waiter was very nice and made suggestions on both the drink and dinner menu. The menu's all looked interesting and we were looking forward to the food. Unfortunately that's where it went down hill. Muscles appetizer was very disappointing and the waiter and Managment agreed it was unacceptable and brought out another one at no charge. The muscles were extremely small and in the first order one third of the order had closed shells. While we waited for our dinner selection a server came to our table to prepare an appetizer that we did not order, wrong table. Our entree came to the table 5 minutes before the movie was to begin so we asked for it to be served in the theatre. The GM brought the plate to us and unfortunately the stuffed shrimp was cold. While we waited for the dinner in the theatre the server took our drink order and during the move brought my wife her drink and never returned with mine. She didn't come back until it was time for the check. To top it off while we waited for our car the group next to us was talking about their experience and how three of the four dinners came out wrong. The Managment was very concerned and attentive but for the prices we paid for a movie and dinner this did not come close to my expectations nor did it for the people standing next to us waiting for our cars.
5	My new favorite place that I never knew existed. I had been to the Scottsdale Quarter to lunch at Brio and True Foods but never knew this place was there. On the second floor. Right- who knew- second floor? It is part of the ipc theater. There is Tanzy the restaurant, Salt, the lounge and then the ipic theater where you can dine and recline while watching a movie and being served. Been to lunch several times and had the proscuitto wrapped asparagus salad which came with mixed greens, red and yellow tomatoes and strawberries drizzled with a balsamic dressing. It also had a set of crostini with a delicious cheese spread on them. I went today with a friend and was looking forward to having it again....and it was gone! WHAT?? So we split the cedar plank salmon with the israeli cous cous and the shrimp/crab cobb salad. All very good! Check out my pictures too. Great relaxing decor overlooking the water fountains and palm tress swaying on one side and the mountains on the other.
2	Dining at Tanzy solidified 2 litmus tests in my mind for determining if a restaurant is "nice" or mediocre (from perspective of someone who is dining savvy, defined as wouldn't eat at a chain restaurant): 1) a "nice" restaurant doesn't have tv's all over (with a sporting event), 2) if your steak is over-cooked and your new one arrives well after everyone at your table is already finished with their entree, they shouldn't charge you for it.I laugh in hindsight realizing it was classified as an "Italian" restaurant: true it did have a pasta section on the large menu (reminiscent of cheesecake factory variety aiming to please all), and as my husband just suggested with a shrug "it did have mozzarella". It's an upscale sportsbar with a menu for all, with some expensive items to appeal to the kierland commons conference folk who want to get a "steak dinner" on company's dime.If u consider yourself a "foodie" (for lack of better over-used term), I don't think you'll be satisfied here. In general, I've only found really good food at Old town in scottsdale, the rest of it has a chainy feel. Yet again, at Tanzy, you are dining at a mall.
5	With it's Indoor/Outdoor atmosphere, very open spaces, large open bar, plenty of lounge spaces, Tanzy set itself apart from other restaurants.  Being part of the iPic Theater allows for the ultimate Dinner and  Movie, or Movie and a night out.  Excellent range in the menu offerings are sure to please more traditional Italian cravings, as well as those looking for something different. An absolute must have is the Mozzarella and Prosciutto table side service!!! Everything is excellent though. The Red Velvet cake is also a definite must have.  The atmosphere at Tanzy lends itself to hanging around a while.  Absolutely Love it.
4	Went here with my date during August Bites.  Its a promotion the Scottsdale Quarter is doing this week to lure in patrons with discounts and deals at their restaurants.  This place offered a fixed three course menu similar to what you'd see during AZ Restaurant Week.  Choice of 1 of 3 appetizers, 1 of 4 entrees, and 1 of 2 desserts.  Good thing too because their prices are not cheap if you're coming here for a normal outing.My date and I split the Parma for the appetizer.  Its prosciutto and pear on toasted bread with goat cheese.  Phenomenal flavor.  For the main entree I got the cedar plank salmon while she got the Quattro Formaggio.  The salmon was good and mixed well with the veggies and couscous, but didn't wow me.  Her pasta though, wow.  A bunch of different cheeses wrapped in pasta almost like a ravioli.  Bursting with flavor with that sage sauce and caramelized pears.  Highly recommend the Quattro Formaggio.  For dessert, all the Yelpers talked a big game about the Red Velvet Bread Pudding and we got it.  Be warned, do not try to eat this alone.  Its amazing, but so rich you have to split it.  Even splitting it we both felt way full.Our server was very friendly and attentive.  The atmosphere is pretty quintessential Scottsdale.  A mix of fine dining with a trendy vibe.  This place isn't too pretentious, though the size of the booth we were in was pretty over the top.  If the normal everyday prices were reasonable, I'd give this a perfect 5 star score.  But the salmon I ordered would normally have been $40 and the appetizer about $20.  Yeah, no thanks.  But for August Bites (and if they participate in AZ Restaurant Week), a fixed 3 course meal for $30-$40 person is a pretty solid bargain.
5	Dined here the other night with a couple of friends, and to be honest it wasn't my first choice. I hadn't been here for about six months, last time both the food and service lacked what I would expect at this level of dinning.  I must say they did a great job this time. Our server was outstanding!  Christian was his name, make sure to ask for him. Christian was was informative yet didn't interrupt us from having a great time.  The General Manager James stopped by the table several times throughout the night to check on our experience. The food was just as amazing ,especially liked the fresh table side mozzarella. I'd go back just for that alone. We all raved about our choices of entree. I had the Scallop and my wife had the Chicken Piccata. Both were done to perfection. Our friends had the short ribs and the Sea-bass, both cooked perfectly as well. If this is the experience of Tanzy now, then we will all defiantly be back and soon!
2	My wife and I ate there before going into the movie theater part of the place. It looks amazing, and upon sitting down we met the nicest wait staff I've dealt with in a long time. We ordered the mozzarella appetizer which is prepared table side, and while the guy performing it was a bit on the quieter side (there were a few things I haven't a clue what he said) it was the highlight of the meal. For our main course we ordered the short ribs, and I ordered a steak. The ribs were really overcooked and dry, while my steak was really under. I like my steak as long as it isn't well so it wasn't a deal breaker for me. My wife's on the other hand wasn't good. We noted it to our wonderful waitress and debated on if she should just get us a new one. (The waitress was on the side of us getting it, we were pressed for time and didn't want to eat an entree in the theater, and my wife was hungry enough to eat just about anything.) The waitress gave us dessert which was the Red Velvet Bread Pudding, but that wasn't good at all. It tasted of mostly cream and just didn't work. All in all, I'd say it's not a bad place, but with all the other options around that area I'd say just skip it.
2	Food and staff Not as good as it used to be. Sad because its  beautiful atmosphere and furnishings
4	I really like this place.  This is a great place to have lunch or happy hour drinks.  It's located at the Scottsdale Quarter right next to a very nice iPic movie theater, so it's convenient for pre/post movie cocktails as well.Lunch is my favorite time to come.  The Prosciutto di Parma Ciabatta and the Turkey Panini are two of my favorite dishes.  They're both only $10 ea and comes with Parmesan Fries, which are addicting...yum!The lunch crowd here is relatively light for Scottsdale, which means you'll get in/out pretty fast.  Service here is always very good.Return Factor - 90%
4	Beautifully decorated. There is a another  restaurant called True Fu that jams with hectic crows. Tanzy feels more exclusive and upscale yet the price is comparable and food is good! Go to second floor on the iPIC theater instead next time when u find yourself having to wait inline for true fu :)
5	Awesome food, service and atmosphere! Great wine selection as well. Will be back as soon as I'm in the area again. Well done Tanzy!
2	This review is strictly of the happy hour at this restaurant.My husband and I usually do a local happy hour during the week and have several favorites both in Kierland Commons and Scottsdale Quarter, however, we recentlytried Tanzy.  It turned out to be a mistake.  Happy hour seating is either at the bar or on several sofas.  We opted for the bar.There was no happy hour beverage or food menu.  The bartender mentioned one red and white wine for five dollars.  As for the food, he pointed to three appetizers on the regular menu and said that  they were eight dollars each.  I couldn't determine if he just picked those three out of the blue and they changed nightly - very strange.  The three choices for the evening were grilled calamari, meatballs with bruschetta or fried brussel  sprouts.  We opted for the first two and both were inedible and lukewarm.  The meatballs were mostly filling.  The calamari was tough and no spices.  After a couple of bites we were done.   Service was sorely lacking also.  Win some, lose some and we surely lost on this one.
5	Tanzy is a great option for a nice dinner, special occasion, or night out.  I've been there a few times for dinner, each time being a celebration.  I opted for Tanzy on my own birthday, when asked to choose a restaurant.I haven't tried many of their cocktails, but the few I have tasted were top notch.  I hear they have a great happy hour.  I know they have a great wine list, and you can see their collection of bottles in one of the unique walls around the room.  As far as non-alcoholic beverages go, their iced tea is fruity but not too sweet, and pleases our resident tea-lover of the group.  For an appetizer, you can't go wrong with the table-side mozzarella.  A very knowledgeable cheese artist (not sure if that's an official title) comes by and entertains with cheesy skills, and the occasional cheesy joke.  The cheese itself, served with prosciutto and figs or pesto and tomatoes and adorned with one or two of your choice of gourmet salts, never disappoints.Nobody has yet to order an entree that didn't "wow", but I have to say the short ribs are particularly popular.  Service is always excellent, and I think we talk about the decor with every visit.  Atmosphere and attitude top off this experience like the cherry in the Brownie Sundae (although the red velvet bread pudding is my personal fave).  I can't wait to go back!
3	Service terrible. Was at this restaurant for 2 hours waiting and waiting for brunch. Not busy at all either.  Tarimasu was soggy. Food was decent.  Don't sit in the bar. Learned a lesson here
5	Perfect night out for dinner and drinks! Although a bit pricey, Tanzy is about the same price of other upscale restaurants in Scottsdale. Service was impeccable and food was great. Portions were perfect size and you must try the table side mozzarella appetizers!
4	I would have given this five stars if I like beef short ribs.    Since I'm not THAT carnivorous, I will give it four stars.   Sorry to those of you who like that much beef.   Went there last night with a friend.    We ordered the mozzarella pesto as our appetizer, and his main course was the short rib and mine was the chicken penne pasta.    The appetizer had quite an interesting presentation.   The server did quite a show of stretching the cheese and, then, presenting it in a designed manner.   It came with tomatoes, which seasoning was exquisite,  and pesto and some type of dry toast/cracker.    Seriously, we had been at the adjoining Salt Lounge for happy hour, and even though I thought I was starving, by the time we finished the appetizer, I was FULL!   The mozzarella, put atop the cracker, with the pesto and the prosciutto  and the seasoned tomatoes, I would kill for that recipe.   I make a darn good pesto -- if I say so myself -- but theirs was fabulous.   And the flavoring of the tomatoes, I wish I had the ingredients.    I would definitely make them myself.    Getting to the dinner, I LOVED my pasta.   The ingredients in it were the right mix.   I've had plenty of pasta with chicken, but this dish had the right mix of veggies, olives, seasoning, chicken, dunno.    Perfect with a capital P.   His short ribs, he loved.   Me, uhmmm, I'm not that much of a beef eater; I thought it was good, but considering the fact he loved it, I'm thinking it was good.      Would I go back?   You betcha!
4	Came here for my birthday brunch and was very happy with everything. They have a special during brunch for 4 mimosas for $10. The service was great, they were quick to refill our mimosas and since they filled it in front of us, you could see that it was basically a whole flute of champagne and a splash of orange juice - just like I like it. I also tried their bloody mary and it was really really good. I wouldn't recommend it if you don't like your bloody mary spicy because it held a great kick - just like I like it.  About half of us ordered the eggs benedict, and the other half wish they ordered it because it was AMAZING. The eggs were cooked perfectly- with the white cutting like butter and the yolk dripping out with the perfect consistancy-- also the ham and the hollandaise sauce was extremely tasty (all on top of an English muffin).  It came with some home fries which were also delicious. We sat by the window, which they opened for us, it was the perfect whether on a Sunday morning, so that just made the event even better. It is a bit pricey but well worth it if you are in the area.
2	I've eaten here a few times and haven't been impressed. The food is over priced and just ok. The last time we had dinner here the service was terrible and our server gave us the impression she's rather be someplace else. We won't be returning and certainly wouldn't recommend.
4	We really love the ambiance at Tanzy, the decor, the tables, the warmth etc.  I tried the pasta bolognese this past weekend, and thought it was especially delicious.  The service was outstanding and we really enjoyed our visit.  The only thing I was bummed about was the cocktails.  I ordered one of the lemon-lime blood orange martinis, and had a difficult time choking it down.  For $11, I think they should use something better than infused Svedka vodka to make the cocktail a little smoother.  At that price point, it should at least be Stoli or Absolut.  Other than that, we thought the food was good and the portions were hefty.
4	My wife and I had a great evening at Tanzy on New Years Eve.  The restaurant is beautiful with a cool, sophisticated vibe.  The service and food were excellent.   We will definitely be back!
4	Very cool place, fantastic ambiance, hip and cool. Some really great hand crafted cocktails using freshly muddled ingredients and some excellent everclear/vodka infusions. One of the drink that had a habanero infused honey that is a must try if you like it hot!
4	I've been here twice in the past two weeks with friends for lunch. For some reason, this restaurant was totally off my radar since it opened, and we've even been to iPic a few times as well, never even giving it a glance. Based on recommendations from a friend, I gave it a chance when my friend came to town from Sydney . . . and neither of us were disappointed.First of all, the restaurant is visually stunning with a living room like area which is accompanied by a glass fireplace when you walk in. There are tables that line the exterior wall for a view of the happenings below in Scottsdale Quarter, or their are some huge comfy booths with marble table tops that line the inside and middle. Either way, the seating is comfortable.Both times I dined there the place was virtually empty.  I am not sure if this is because there are less moviegoers during the week at lunch time or something else.  Service was friendly and attentive, although both times I had to ask for sweetener for my iced tea when they didn't bring it with the tea. Minor. Both times the server introduced him/herself, which I like since I hate saying "excuse me" to the air to get someone's attention.  The first meal was brunch that was offered on a Friday. Both of us were delighted as neither of us had breakfast that morning . . . eggs it was!  My Australian friend excitedly ordered the Eggs Sardou (for those who don't know what this is, like me, it's poached eggs, baby artichokes, crispy prosciutto and truffle hollandaise). It came as a brunch special with a side (hers was the brown sugar bacon) and a cocktail (the Boca mimosa). She was on Cloud 9! I ordered the omelet with spinach and gruyere; the eggs were cooked as I ordered - light and fluffy).  But I was really bowled over by the hash brown casserole that I ordered as an upcharge instead of the usual hash browns or breakfast potatoes that accompany the omelet. The cheesy crispy blend of the potatoes and the parmesan, gruyere, gouda and cheddar cheeses, as well as the crispy onion, were to die for.  I could have eaten an entire plate of these alone . . . yum, yum, yum!!!!My second meal was a true lunch with a different friend. She had been there many times before and said that the salads were the way to go.  I could not make up my mind as all the choices sounded delicious. I was torn between the Pan-Seared Branzino salad and the Spinach and Strawberry salad (to which you can add your protien).  Since my friend ordered the Branzino, I opted for the Spinach and Strawberry with grilled chicken since she agreed to let me taste her Branzino. Both salads were fresh, plentiful and delicious. I have to say that the grilled chicken on my salad was some of the tastiest, moistest, grilled chicken I have had in a long time.  (I suspect it is the same grilled chicken that is used in the Chicken Chinois rolls on the iPic menu about which I have raved in an iPic review). The salad was perfectly and adequately dressed with the most delightful herb balsamic vinegar. Each spinach leaf was perfectly covered -- a rarity in most salads I have ordered, even at some of the finest restaurants.My friend and I stayed long past our welcome in the restaurant . . . three hours had gone by, and yet our delightful server Jill offered us more tea and more water, or anything else we wanted each time she passed by our table.Two fantastic experiences surely deserve more visits!!!  We'll try dinner next time!!!
4	Great location and atmosphere. Slightly pricey but good food. You must do the fresh.cheese table side. That is with the visit alone!!
5	Came here for happy hour, great place. Service was awesome, drinks were good and apps were tasty. The atmosphere was really nice and had a open feel to the outside. Would go back for sure.
4	For valentines day we decided to come to tanzy after a movie. The place is decorated nicely and has a huge bar so it's great to eat your meal there. We had the tuna tar tar and the beef carpaccio was was delicious. It's not too pricy either so if you're looking for a great meal before running to Ipic, id say you can't go wrong with tanzy.
5	We went for lunch.  Food was fantastic, ambiance very nice and the service great.  We had the calamari on the recommendation of the waiter and it was very nice.  Not fried and in an interesting sauce.  Excellent!  The pieces were long and thick so if you don't really like squid, you might not love it.  I had a almond crusted goat cheese salad which was very nice and the goat cheese warm.  My husband had a sandwich which was excellent and for desert we had a carmel pudding which was really, really good.  We will go back and soon!
4	If you could have a place that is visually stunning and the food presentation accompanies that beautiful art, Tanzy is hands down the spot. It's one of my fave go-to places for dinner, outings and client meet ups. I recently had the cedar planked salmon and I wish I could come up with a good reason to critique it but I can't. The texture and flavors from this entree are simply an orchestra of delishness. It probably comes second place to my fave dish the pan-seared duck breast with candied figs. Turning down the red velvet bread pudding to complete your meal is turning down an entrance in heavenly food bliss. Try it and let me know your thoughts :)
3	My husband and I have been to Tanzy twice now. The first experience was for their prix fix Valentine menu which was broken into four courses.The first course was a choice of parma tasting or caprese. My husband and I both ordered the parma tasting. This consisted of 3 meats - prosciutto, capicola and one other. There were also three sauces to try. Overall, I wasn't very impressed with this and didn't finish it. The second course was a choice of lobster bisque or Tanzy house salad. My husband and I both chose the lobster bisque. It was delicious and one of the better bisques we've had. (My husband is a huge fan of lobster bisque and gets it at most restaurants.) There were large chunks of lobster in it, which was a treat. The main course was a choice of filet mignon, lobster tail, pan-seared seabass or a surf and turf (1/2 lobster tail and filet mignon). My husband and I both ordered the surf and turf. Both of our filets were cooked perfectly medium rare. The side of mashed potatoes was good, but nothing to write home about. The lobster on the other hand was very tasty. The dessert was a choice of red velvet bread pudding, a chocolate torte, or a date cake. My husband ordered the bread pudding and I ordered the chocolate torte. The bread pudding was amazing. Super tender and flavorful. I would definitely order this again. The chocolate torte was just okay. I really wish I ordered the bread pudding instead. Overall, we enjoyed being able to sample many menu items and would give this experience four stars.Our second experience was for lunch. We came on a Sunday around brunch time and had to decide if we wanted breakfast or lunch. Their breakfast sounded good and everyone around us had delicious looking entrees. However, we opted for lunch. I ordered the club and my husband went with the cheeseburger. My club was ridiculous and I had to deconstruct it and put it back together before I could actually eat it. First, it had three layers of bread. I removed one layer and also took out the fried egg. (Who puts fried egg on a club?) The egg by itself was tasty but I didn't want it on my club. Next, I had to rearrange the avocado so that it made a layer instead of just sitting in one clump. Then, I had to remove the iceberg lettuce because that overpowered the sandwich. (Again, iceberg? Romaine would have been much better and more appreciated.) Then to top it all off, the turkey was dry. The only good thing about my meal was the parmesan fries. My husband's burger looked delicious but was a large disappointment. The meat itself was extremely flavorless and the bacon was chewy. The bun was extremely large and after a while, my husband just gave up and took the bun off and ate the burger with a fork/knife. Again, the only good thing about the meal was the parmesan fries.Overall, it wasn't a good lunch and I would give this experience two stars. Add the two experiences together and it evens out to three stars. However, I'm not sure if we'll be back.
1	Despite its Nicely decorated corners that attracts you in with a great view and lightings, the service can be by far the worst i have seen in the Q complex. The servers would just ignore you and purposely delay serving you, as i observed from what happened to our party and two other tables. Never seen staff holding grudges or do as they please. What a shame for such a nice place...
5	Can't wait to have a mimosa quartet at brunch tomorrow!
5	Went with a big group.  Service was really good. Drinks we great and Food was A-1Will definitely be back.  Great Location
3	Review is based on lunch only. Came during the week and really enjoyed the vibe and decor, seemingly artisanal cuisine. I will have to say this place threw me a curve ball walking up, it is not what I expected to dine. Definitely enjoyed the experience and atmosphere. Only ordered a salad which was creatively presented on the plate. I would love to come back and try a full course meal. Other than that, I have high hopes for Tanzy and myself -  it's a great restaurant in the north scottsdale area.
5	I always have a good time here. The staff is friendly and food is great.  If you have a chance, try the Fried Brussels sprouts, or Muscles or the prime rib.
4	Been here twice now only at lunch time. Love the open windows and decor. Food was great, had the chicken salad sandwich with caesar salad. Would definitely recommend this place.
4	This is a great place to meet up with friends, a first date, or to grab a drink before the movie. BTW, you can take the drink with you into the theater. Very Asian inspired decor. One side of the restaurant is opened where guest can stand/walk around (lounge sitting). The other half of the restaurant is more quiet, reserved.  Service very slow at first. I sat at the bar and waited over 20 minutes for my drink order! And my mouth was dry too!  :-( I finally get my turn. The barista is very friendly and apologetic for the wait. I select a glass of Riesling and it came to me in no time.For dinner, I opted for the tansy salad with chicken. (And the clock is ticking!)  16 minutes...yes!  And it's delicious! They're forgiven!Oh, and the bathroom is pretty spacious, well designed with big mirrors... You know how we girls love 'checking' ourselves! ;-)
5	Food - unique, delicious and memorableService - like no other. JILL was amazing! Table side mozzarella is a must!!! CJ was so so great with his presentation of it. Try the truffle sea salt on the side...yum! The scallops were cooked beautifully and were rich and full of amazing flavor. And the red velvet bread pudding was to die for. Jill went out of her way to be sure we were happy with everything. She was a huge contributor to our incredible experience!
5	We celebrated Father's Day at Tanzy and IPic. Both were good experiences.Other reviewers must have been on off days. We had a great experience.We didn't like our seat, and asked for a window, no problem, we were moved as soon as one came available. We ordered the brunch. all the dishes arrived quickly and were HOT, which is a pet peeve of mine.Our waiter Tyler was outstanding. Very friendly and attentive. Really super service.We'd definitely go back again and ask for Tyler. He was superb!
4	Visited the first day it opened and still a repeat customer. Ask for the cucumber jalapeno martini (secret menu item me and the bartender know).
3	Met family at Tanzy while shopping with my daughter for her birthday at the Quarter.  Lunch was good, portions sizes are generous. My daughter and I both had the Tanzy Salad with Salmon, very tasty, with a good portion of salmon but eat it with caution since there are olives in the salad and not all the olives apparently are pitted. My daughter luckily didn't break a tooth when she bit down on 2 olives with pits still in them which for the birthday girl didn't make for the most comfortable eating experience. We seemed to be the only guests there for brunch so we had our server to ourselves.
3	Great atmosphere and service! Happy hour only goes till 6 though which kind of sucks.
4	The husband and I went to Tanzy for the Breakfast Club UYE, and it was lovely! The restaurant is beautiful, very large and decorated nicely. The service was great, attentive, accommodating of our large party and of the husband and I's special requests... it was nice. The husband and I both had the brunch prix fixe, which is a decent deal at 22$ for a mimosa, a side/dessert and an entree. The boca mimosas were delicious.... a mimosa with passion fruit and blood orange juices.... this was a fabulous drink, order it, love it. The husband had the waffle with bacon (and it was a large side of bacon) and he thought it was just ok. I had the eggs benedict and subbed bacon for the ham and it was delicious. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the hollandaise was chipotle flavored (or something) and had wonderful spice, and the bacon was crispy and well seasoned (it had red pepper flake and other seasonings on it). The benedict came with breakfast potatoes (and that didn't count as the side), and they were good... crispy and cooked with peppers and onions... liked that. For my side/dessert I got the red velvet bread pudding and ended up getting it to go (I was so full and had somewhere to be).... even the next day, this was a yummy dessert... maybe not my favorite dessert ever, but good. I would consider coming here again for brunch... but they don't open until 11, which is WAY too late (for me). Maybe lunch? Yes. Anyway, if you're a late riser, check this out!
3	I went here for brunch with my hubby last weekend as part of the fabulous Monica O.'s monthly breakfast club. This is probably one of the more expensive breakfasts we have had as a group but it was also in one of the nicer establishments. Scottsdale Quarter is a pretty high brow shopping center and Tanzy lives up to this locale. Lots of dark wood, gorgeous stone and metal finishes, and lovely chandeliers. It is a pretty nice looking place.To eat, I had a spinach omelette which was cooked perfectly. I also had the gouda hash browns which weren't as delicious as I thought they would be. I am not really sure what was off about them but I think I preferred the rosemary potatoes that came with my husband's meal. He ordered the steak and eggs since he loves getting that at most breakfast places. At Tanzy instead of a typical breakfast strip steak the meal included filet which is a great cut of meat but there just wasn't enough of it. Also, even though the description mentioned English muffins it did not specify that it would be served up like a McMuffin sandwich. He wasn't too thrilled about that. The most cost efficient part of the meal was their great deal on 4 mimosas for $10. They were mostly juice but still tasted great. You will definitely want to take advantage of this, especially in light of the fact that THEY CHARGE $5 FOR A GLASS OF SODA. The server never came by to give my husband a refill so that was pretty annoying to pay that much for a single glass of soda.I might stop in here for brunch again if I were going to see a movie at ipic (which we did) but I wouldn't drive out of my way to eat here.
4	I was here for The Breakfast Club.  Were were seated along the South window above the courtyard.  The dining room itself was really nice. Those in our group from the East Valley were delayed up to a half hour for road construction and they didn't bat an eyelash.  Service was spot on the whole time.I had a prix fixe special of a chicken entree on fried gnocchi with Parmesan fries and a Tanzy salad.  It was all excellent.  Even in Scottsdale, if the salad had been $14 instead of included I thought it would be over priced.
4	For August Breakfast Club the place picked was Tanzy, I for one was pretty excited about it! I didn't even know they were opened for bunch so when I got a look at the bunch menu I knew I was sold!  Tanzy does offer a prix fixe bunch menu for $22 that comes with a lot of options, but they also have a breakfast menu too. After checking out both menus I knew what I wanted. I went with the traditional eggs benedict. It was the perfect dish, with the right amount of hollandaise sauce; I just love that golden yellow tangy sauce! Yum! The eggs were cooked perfectly, the smoked Canadian ham was tender and moist, not dry and the English muffin was cooked perfectly too, firm and yet able to be cut when taking bite.  This was a great dish, can't wait to come back and try it again! The only down side to this breakfast was I wasn't able to get a order of the crispy Brussels sprouts, as it was too early to order them. Service was great; the restaurant is an opened lay out and nice, it even has great views of the valley. If you are in the area, regardless if it's for breakfast or dinner, give Tanzy a try! And if it's for dinner, do the crispy Brussels sprouts, man they are delish!
5	Really enjoyed the food and atmosphere. The table side  mozzarella is a awesome. I will definitely be coming back.
5	Love coming to this place! Everything from the lighting to the hand pulled mozzarella is awesome. Definitely a gem in the desert. They also have a great wine selection to pair with whatever great dish you decide on. Enjoy!
3	I went here as part of the Yelp Breakfast Club in August. It reminded me very much of a restaurant I went to once at one of the now gone building by the World Trade Center in New York and also the restaurant scene from Wolf of Wall Street with Leonardo DiCaprio and Matthew McConaughey.Unfortunately, despite the New York feel, the food did not live up to the look of the place. The selections seemed very bland and boring. I tried the eggs benedict and it was nothing special. Service was OK, but it didn't stand out in any meaningful way.I suppose this would be a safe choice for a business meeting or a party, but if you're looking for a night out with interesting food, this is not the place for you. Nothing was bad, but nothing was all that great.
3	This place was pretty average at best. There was nothing actually wrong with our meal (mine at least) but I felt like most dishes were heavy on the salt and my pasta was just OK. We did get the mozzarella sampler to start which was good but rather small for 6 of us to split, but we should've know to get more than one. I don't think I'd return here based on the price of food and the food quality. Nice lounge area when you first walk in with a fire, I would come back for drinks.
4	Just steps away from the escalators up, an open entry for an outdoor dining and an accommodating bar and dining area awaits a booth of four. The booths felt like a table for 8 or a table for 4 big guys! The adjoining wall  had a "open view" just enough to see the booth next to us of what they're eating and the hands moving across the table. We began with a mini sampler of the prosciutto, cheese, and truffle oil on a crostini. It was so good that we went with the Parma sampler for about $30 with 3 meats of prosciutto, salami and Hot Coppa that had a kick to it. The rest of the platter came with goat cheese, fontina cheese and grana padana cheese, spiced figs, roasted red peppers, braised escarole, and rosemary mustard with more crostini. Already getting full I managed to finish the 5 of the 10 ounce filet mignon with fingerling potatoes and asparagus for about $30.  Medium rare is the way to go. My water was never filled until I had asked for it at the very end and then I received an over abundance of water refills later. Better late than never I guess. Hehe. The evenings dinner was delicious and filling but didn't have room for their bread pudding - which should be a yummy on my list! :p
4	We wanted to spend the day walking outside in a great environment and do some shopping. We wanted to end the day with a little romantic flair and Tanzy delivered.Tanzy is the restaurant on the second floor of the Scottsdale quarter across from Tru Food. It is connected to the iPic theater. We had a couple of drinks which were all excellent, but the main attraction is the location and ambiance. With one wall open, couches jutting out from inside, and a smokeless fire place this bar oozes a great atmosphere to take someone special. On the con side, the back to some of the couches are not very comfortable if one does not enlist the help of some of the throw pillows on a neighboring couches. Tanzy please invest some capital into couch cushion technology! All in all a great experience. Be Prepared to pay at least 10 dollars for mixed drinks.
5	OMG. Soooooooo good. Things you must try while here....1. Table side mozzarella. Appetizer for 2. Divine. Seriously, really fuckin good. I'm not kidding. 2. The grilled bone in pork chop. It's a meal for two unless you're VERY hungry. Now I for one am a guy that likes chunks of meat with a bone sticking out of it. This chop nails it. Beautiful restaurant. Fantastic food. Our server was AMAZEBALLS. He had a brain fart tho. (Wrote that in there for his benefit, good job Tyler. Thanks for the oranges) All in all, go here. Eat. Then tell me I was right.
1	The worst service I've ever experienced.  We  then approached the manager John and explained our poor service, he couldn't care less about our poor experience, so we took our business elsewhere.  Ill never go back.
2	Met a friend here yesterday before a movie.  I actually arrived first, around 5:50 pm, told the bartender I was waiting for a friend who was going to join me at a 6:15 pm movie and asked if I could order the Table-side Mozzarella For Two to take with us.  He said there wouldn't be enough time to order the app, but that we could order apps on the happy hour menu list and take those, so I chose the calamari and the meatballs, which were $8 each.  The calamari smelled fishy (not the sea-fresh scent) and had terrible texture, as if it was undercooked. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tanzy-scottsdale?start=100&select=Kdc4C3svJf6R7QmXrGo5ZQ#Kdc4C3svJf6R7QmXrGo5ZQ  The meatballs were good, albeit on the smallish side**, with a nice dollop of ricotta cheese, but the dish wasn't accompanied by any crostini, unlike my previous orders, which were admittedly a year, or more ago. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tanzy-scottsdale?start=100&select=nNFXqb2B8vN8envJcgRl7g#nNFXqb2B8vN8envJcgRl7gI  I asked for a little bread, but didn't have time to wait for it as we had to leave for the movie.  Don't know if I'd order the meatballs again, especially since the crostini were omitted, but my friend and I will be back to try the Mozzarella for two soon.**This is what the meatball crostini app looked like in March 2013! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tanzy-scottsdale?select=9aiYhoNUaF_nJWOkYu-yjg#9aiYhoNUaF_nJWOkYu-yjg
5	I had lunch, the food was great.  I had the meatball and prosciutto sandwich, came with a salad. Huge half went home. Also the potatoes with chimichurri sauce, amazing! . Norma Jeane drink was very good too. Staff was very nice and on top of things
2	Tried out Tanzy for the first time today and decided to grab lunch during the happy hour. When asking our waitress Jenna about the happy hour specials while ordering she said she wasn't sure what the signature drink specials were since they just rolled out the drink menu, but she said would ask the manager and be right back. 20 minutes later we asked again when recieving food, when she rudely cut us off and said she was still waiting on an answer. After that she ignored our table, which was hard to do in an empty resteraunt. The only time she approached the table was to give us the bill.  The Chicken Salad And Tuna WAS Delicious For lunch.  But the terrible service and ignoring our requests for an advertised happy hour left a bad taste in our mouths.
