3	Quick Review: Good food, good drinks, big TV's, open 24 hours.  What more can you ask for?  Oh, don't forget the corn bread muffins.No reviews yet?  Well, I'll start.  Road Runner's is actually several different restaurant operating under the same roof.  During the day, it's a casual family restaurant, serving western-themed American fare at moderate prices.  During weekends, it's a sports bar.  After 10 pm, it's a lounge populated primarily by twenty-somethings and the occasional video poker player.  Despite its identity crisis, it does all of these things pretty damn well.  The food is very, very good.  The complimentary corn bread muffins that they serve during dinner are so good they could probably charge for them (but I hope they never do).  The BBQ Tri Tips are my personal favorite, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.The late night menu is more limited.  It's your typical bar food - burgers, nachos, quesidillas, but it also includes breakfast.  Speaking of late night, the crowd can be very unpredictable at Road Runner's after 10 pm.  You never quite know who's going to show up.  It can be hotel employees, slackers, rockers, punkers, emo's, jocks, frat boys, preppies, losers, winners, Jets, Sharks.  I've pretty much seen them all there.  You can go to Roadrunner's for almost any occasion and come out pretty satisfied.Update: Downgraded from 4 stars to 3 stars.  Not sure what's going on with Road Runner.  The quality of their food has definitely dipped in the past year or two.  It's definitely not as tasty as before.
4	the atmosphere was very cool, western with lots of big screen tv's & 2 bars. the place was kinda dead for halloween night. the server was very nice and fast. the fries were great-crispy & flavorful. the hamburger was juicy and very tasty. the turkey melt was very spicy with loads of turkey. the beef dip was huge with lots of very good roast beef but not alot of au jus for dipping. overall it was very good i would recommend it. next time we will have to dine in when we are not in such a hurry
1	We'll give a place a few chances especially since this one looks fun but after 3 strikes, they're out.The food is barely bar food quality. Disappointed everytime.I guess it depends on the bartender and I hate it when they count drinks while you're playing. I didn't have a chance to even put in another $20 for my 2nd draft beer. I was playing $1 hands but not max bet. She offered me the beer and then said she would put it on my tab. We walked out. We play alot, order food, and tip well if it's a place where we are welcomed. If an establishment wants to lose a customer over a draft beer, they won't be in business long.We should have known something was wrong when we were the only ones there on a friday afternoon.
1	This place has a cowboy/western theme. We sat at a booth with a rough cowhide leather. It was kind of gross, because it was almost like touching the real thing,. We ordered chicken fingers, mac and cheese, and nachos. The nachos were a bit stale and weren't very good. The french dip looked good, the calzone was humongous, with spinach and cheese inside. And the country fried steak was just ok. it came with a side of roasted whole corn. The place has a pool table, poker table, and one of those bowling simulators.
1	This was our third time at Roadrunner.Once again, the service was slow and inattentive and the food was sub-par, even for a bar. Coming from a place that touts itself as a quality dining establishment, I was so under whelmed we sent back our food and left. Keep in mind that this is a huge place, and there was only our table and one other, so the 'staffing issues' couldn't really come into play unless the waitress was also cooking the food in the back. Not a bad place for a drink if you're at the bar, but I would stay away if you want to hang out with friends and relax..
3	Bar food that's not that bad.  Roaring fire, overly sweet drinks, huge desserts.  My Aunt brought a friend of hers and her friend's Grandson here.  If you're looking for a spacious place with dim lights to play pool, darts, and throw back a few beers in the neighborhood this isn't a bad spot. The waitress was a bit slow, but very nice.  If you happened to drink too much in this place the food wouldn't be bad if you had no other choice than to eat.  My uncle had the pulled pork sandwich, my Aunt had their potato soup, the youngin' had a full rack of ribs, and I think I saw some sliders on another plate.  The brownie Sunday was warm and delicious!Date Rating: 3Pick up Scale: N/A almost empty when we came here at 6 pm.  A party of 13 came in as we were leaving.Strong Suggestion: Put on your fun hat and come in with a smile!
1	As compared to my experience of the Roadrunner on Pebble - this one was far worse - food quality and preparation was very poor, service was slow and inattentive, on a fairly slow weekend day nonetheless.Cannot recommend.
4	Sometimes this place rocks, sometimes it rolls.  I think there may be some turnover with the Chefs...maybe.  Not sure, purely speculative.  My last visit was with friends visiting from SJ, CA after a 3.5 hour trek up and down Turtle Head Peak at Red Rock.  We were very casually dressed, tired, thirsty and hungry.  The UW Huskies were playing on one of the big screens (go DAWGS!!)...the Hostess tolerated my sense of humor, we got a booth with little wait, the Waitress was really helpful with suggestions and handled our group of 6 really well.  The menu was filled with a lot of new items since my previous visit.  Gone was the cream corn though.  Very sad.  I'm sure my cardiologist is glad it's off the menu.  I had a really good burger with their SW Sauce.  Creamy, spicy and perfect as a Mayo substitute.  Rave reviews from everyone at the tables, the glasses stayed full and everyone was satisfied and happy.The bar scene looked like a lot of fun.  Pool table, bowling lane, darts, etc...lots of booths, bar stools and loungy couches with coffee tables. Several big screens for sports.  Also, the outside has fire pits, so could be cozy during springtime and fall.Good chow, clean men's restroom, plenty of parking, nice staff, and manager.  Chow!
3	Yee Haw! I popped into this place with a couple friends when we said "The basketball games are over, we are full, where to next?" The Roadrunner is pretty cool. From the outside it just looks like a barn. I've driven by several times, and being new to town, I quickly judged this place and thought it looked a little lame.But once I popped in, I saw they had some great happy hour beer specials, particularly for the late night crowd. Since I am on sobriety, I ordered a club soda and upon leaving, found out that it costs almost as much as a cocktail. REALLY? A Club Soda? WTF!? It should be free...or a dollar at most. Lost a star for that.They have a mini-bowling alley, which is also fun. The food looked decent although we didn't partake. The booths are a bit creepy because they are lined with cowskin. They tend to poke you in the back, but some of  you guys might be in to that :)Hmm....what else? Well, one last thing. The bathrooms were clean. This is a major plus.Ok, that's it. Come here. Yadda Yadda Yadda. It's not bad. Not great, but not bad.
4	Always had a good time here!Great happy hour, and never really too crowded.  Not necessarily a place to meet people, but a place you should definitely choose if you just want to grab a bite and have a few drinks with some friends!  I've tried almost everything on the menu, and never regretted a choice!Plenty of things to entertain a party, with the mini-bowling in the back, pool table, and the always awesome Golden Tee!Sometime service can run a little slow on weekday afternoons, but unless you're in a hurry or dying of starvation, its nothing really worth complaining about.
4	Taste like home-cooked American food. Food is great but service might not be the greatest... Try the beef tips with mash potatoes and broccoli or the braised pot roast. All salads are good and sandwiches also... French fries are addicting...
3	One of my responsibilities at work was to help plan a small holiday party for some of the employees. I got quotes from a few places, Roadrunner Saloon is who my boss ultimately decided to go with. Since we had to put down a deposit for the party, we decided to eat there for lunch when we dropped off the check. Roadrunner Saloon is a western themed cowboy bar.... No big surprise there. I like how divided the space is... there is a nice patio when you walk in, an eating area with both booths and tables, and then a bar area with more seating options and even a couple bowling lanes! We didn't do any bowling on my first visit but perhaps during the party I will?There was no hostess when we arrived, just a sign that said to seat yourself so we picked a booth in the eating area. Menus were brought out promptly, service slowed down a tad after that but I don't think anyone was working other then our waiter and the manager and it was never an excessive wait. When I was looking over the menu the baked potato soup jumped out at me, I wanted to try it but wanted something else as well. Our waiter let me substitute the fries that came with the turkey melt I was ordering for a cup of the soup for a small up-charge... I appreciate his willingness to work with me. Our group split the spinach dip to start, it was good but I have had better. The soup was a bit bland and my melt was a little greasier then I'd like but the avocado that came on it was great.Overall it was a decent lunch experience. Nothing too exceptional, but nothing bothersome either
2	Returned to the Roadrunner after a long time away over the weekend.  If there is a symbolic bar of my late 20's, this one fits the bill...and it's still open which is rare.Back in the day 4 stars easily, and the experience this past Friday night was great, I just think (like others) that they need to step up their game and update the place.  Get some decent LCDs and update the cowboy decor, nothing wrong with country but after a while even the cows go out to pasture.Open patio is solid and the bartenders were friendly and entertaining.  And the beer selection still has a nice variety.  It was also nice to have the premium drafts comped after throwing some money at the machines without limiting it to certain taps.It was pretty dead for a friday night but it worked out great for a nice time with a friend and grabbing a beer, much more relaxed feel than BJs where we hopped from earlier in the night.
3	I'm actually really surprised with this place. You can seat yourself in the bar area, and out of all the times that I've been there, it's taken awhile for the staff to acknowledge you, but the atmosphere makes up for it. Its a really relaxed place whose decor just keeps your eyes wandering. They have cowhide upholstery on some of their seating in the bar area. Haha. It's pretty funny, and definitely ironic. They have billiards, video poker, some video games and even virtual bowling in their bar area. The outside patio seems relaxing as well with seating around some bonfires and wooden swings. Seems like a really great place to spend some summer nights with a cold drink. For appetizers, their macaroni and cheese is REALLY cheesy. Definitely something that needs to be shared. I've tried their steak, which is delicious. You can also add a lobster tail for $10. The lobster tail was a little over cooked, but overall I was pretty satisfied with the main course. For desert, you definitely need to try their mini donuts which are covered in cinnamon and sugar with a caramel dip. I hear that their making new changes to their menu. Which definitely is a reason for us to return to this place.
4	I have passed by this place so many times over the past year and it has never ceased to catch my eye. It's located by itself off to the side of the freeway and I have been meaning to stop by for a while now. I was finally able to come here with my boyfriend one day for lunch when we were in the area. We parked, walked inside, walked down the short hallway, and were greeted by a friendly hostess who sat us down at a comfy booth in the middle of the restaurant. The place was pretty empty, but I preferred it that way because it made the ambiance perfect for a nice lunch date with my boyfriend. I couldn't help but marve at all the awesome decor. They really went all out on the western theme. There were cow skin chairs, stars, cowboy hats, cowboy boots, leather, dark colors, bold patterns, lanterns, and cactus. To be honest, I don't normally like western themes, but they made it very modern, mellow, and cool here. We opted for the smoked bee brisket (house-made barbecue sauce, smashed chipotle potatoes and grilled corn on the cob) with a side of spinach and the blackened salmon fillet (rice pilaf, grilled vegetables and sweet corn-black bean succotash). While we were waiting for our food, we were brought a basket of mini cornbread muffins and butter. They were soo good! They had a light, crispy outer layer and a soft, warm inside. It was perfect with the butter!Our food came and it looked very appetizing. My salmon was presented very nicely atop a bed of rice pilaf with succotash poured on top. Both plates were delicious! I loved my boyfriend's brisket. It was so tender and juicy and the housemade sauce was the perfect compliment.  We ended up trading halfway through our meals so we could both enjoy each dish. I'd love to come back here again. Either for another lunch date, to try out the bowling lanes, or just for a drink. It's a very chill environment and the staff is friendly.
3	I've been here a couple of times for drinks with friends and it was a good choice.  It's a nice, dark, western-themed bar close to my house.  Drinks weren't outrageous and service was good the handful of times I came here for drinks.However,  I made the mistake of trying to have breakfast here one Sunday morning (I heard they had good breakfast!) and sat at a table for 10 minutes without ever being greeted.  Finally, my friend and I left and went to Denny's.  I'm willing to give breakfast at Roadrunner another chance, but be warned: Don't try breakfast here if you're in a hurry.
3	Ive been here a couple times. I think the drinks are too expensive for a neighborhood bar. . . Food is decent nothing special but not bad. . . Service is always really friendly if not always prompt and on point.
5	It gets a bit loud, but its also a bar so what do you expect. I love their Dr.Pepper steak tacos! They are amazing and everyone should  try them! Also their french fries are yummy. I will definietly go back and have dinner again. My boyfriend enjoyed the restaurant as well.
4	I've been going to this Cowboy Western themed Roadrunner Saloon for about 5 years. This is one of those places that I seem to visit in streaks then stay away for awhile. This location is famous, at least from my observation, for very high employee turnover. When I see this then I know that its actually a management problem. In fact, the issues that send me away from here is usually some new management idea change that in my opinion sucks. The one thing that keeps me coming back despite my frustrations is that I do enjoy most of their food. So I stopped by here for lunch today around 2:30pm. I'm guessing that who ever is the current manager might be reading some of the reviews here on Yelp. Over the years the service has varied greatly at this location. However on this day, the service was great. We were greeted by a friendly hostess who took us to our table then went to get our waiter. This is in contrast to some of my past experiences. I've been sat at a table in the past then the hostess took off back to her station without ever informing the server that a party has been seated. I tend to pick off beat hours when things are slow so not informing a server can be an issue. I'm glad she took the time to do this because I was actually in somewhat of a hurry today. The server promptly came over took our drink orders. He quickly came back with the drinks then took our lunch order. I ordered the Texas Dip which is made with sliced top sirlion, jack cheese, creamy horseradish sauce served with a side of Au Jus and french fries. The sandwich was delicious! The Au Jus usually comes very salty to me however their version wasn't as salty so I did dip my sandwich into the au jus a few times. The fries to me were terrible. I had 2-3 then left the rest. They were some kind of terrible fancy cut frozen fries. If management does read this then please take a drive over to Whiskey Dick's and order their french fries. That's how french fries are suppose to be made. Homemade, fresh & delicious! I'd gladly pay a little more to have great fries. Just a little warning if you go for late night dinner. This happened about 2 years ago. I'm not sure if this is still the rule here. I won't be going back for late dinners to find out either. However in the past they sent their servers home early no matter how many customers may be seated at the tables. I had gone here many times for late night beers and food. So this change was a little surprising and frustrating. This is one of those changes that sent me away from here for awhile. We went in one night around 11:00pm to have some beers and grab some food at a table in the bar section. After about 10 minutes, the manager getting off duty stopped by to let us know they had just sent home the last server and that we would have to go to the bar to order food. I was like really? Why would you do that? There are a lot people sitting at the tables. I counted over 25 customers sitting at the tables at that moment. I asked the manager why? Can't you make money with this many customers sitting at your tables? Heck, I know our bill typically runs $50-60 alone. They did not seem to care that the place was busy. I told the manager that we would rather take our business that night to another establishment that is focused on keeping customers happy rather than saving $20-30 in employee costs. Heck, if I was managing this place I would have stayed myself and served all these tables until it slowed down.
4	When I first moved to Las Vegas My sister (Nikki H.) took me here for dinner. OMG this place is freaking awesome!!! its like old western cowboy themed. They have great decorations large bar, huge sofas a small mini bowling alley and there booths are sooo comfy. Service is great at this restaurant and the servers are so friendly and nice! Food is amazing! I always always always order there Chicken Fried Steak... Its just so mouth watering and extremely delicious. It is buttermilk battered and the steak sauce is very rich and creamy I have to order more sauce on the side because is so good, the steak also comes with mashed potatoes and grilled chipotle corn also delicious. I also order the Baked Potato Soup very good i love it mmm the bacon and cheese is just an extra delicious touch. There food is good quality and delicious, and they give huge portions. If you like a filling quality meal this is a must try restaurant
4	A slice of Southern awesomeness in a desert oasis! This is a big ol' barn style restaurant filled with a sea of comfortable looking chairs in beautiful, vivid colors. We started off at the bar for an early happy hour drink and the bartender was so kind and fun. After ordering a few appetizers we decided to move over to one of the many tables. What can I say about the baked Mac & Cheese but Yum! It was crispy on the outside and perfectly cheesy on the inside. We also had the fried pickles, which I just had to try. They were tasty served with a tangy sauce. All in all this is a great spot in Vegas with great food, and the staff was super sweet!
2	I was disappointed when I initially went to the Henderson location, looking for good BBQ, only to see that they had discontinued that portion of their menu.  So I trekked all the way to this location only to find out why it wasn't very popular in the first place...I got the cowboy plate with choice of three meats, so I wouldn't have to come back and sample anything:1) The beef brisket was awful.  Hard and chewy.  Even though it was sliced thin, it somehow managed to resemble rubber.2) The pork brisket tasted bad.  I don't know whether it was the sauce or the leftover pork they selected to make this.  Yuck.3) The pork ribs were of the sparerib variety, which means it was full of meat but kind of tough and dry.  Definitely the star of the show, but I wouldn't call it the best by any stretch of the imagination.So there we go.  Some of the worst BBQ I've tried in Vegas, and believe me, I've tried it all.  Never again.If you do come here, stick with something simple like the wings...which still kind of taste dry, but at least they have the BBQ flavoring to them.
1	Paid a lot of money for bad food, won't go backOrdered dr pepper steak tacos, meat cloyingly sweet, chewy and tough, only had one bite. Beans undercooked, rice only redeeming quality in meal. Husband ordered hamburger mac and cheese, hamburger helper tastes better.  Waitress completely uninterested in why she was removing full plates of food from our table.  42 dollars and wont be back
4	Great country bar! I love the atmosphere , probably more than any other bar in Vegas. It's very authentic and tastefully decorated. Unfortunately, the food I've tried hasn't been great, but I'd rather come here to drink anyway. They have reasonable prices and a few good appetizer options to soak up the booze. Everyone that works here is super friendly. I wish they played more country music, and I wish they had a mechanical bull! I will return many, many times!ps.The jalapeno poppers made me cry my eyes out.
5	I'm a bona fide southern girl and this is one of my favorite places in Vegas.  The bar area is comfy with big chairs to sit in and the drink prices are amazing!  It's an excellent place to gather with friends and watch some sports.  Personally, it's also quite fabulous that they're a Longhorns bar.I recommend bringing several people for drinks and  getting a few appetizers so you can turn your area into a small buffet while you hang out!
4	This review is solely on their breakfast.  I felt a solid 3 over the establishment's food until I tried their breakfast for a few weeks.  Woowee!-  I'm never an oatmeal fan, but it has been good.-  Biscuits are buttery and tasty-  The potatoes that come with set breakfasts are addiction - crispy and well seasoned.Conclusion:  Woo wee for breakfast!
4	Pool, Mini-bowling, Golden Tee, good value, 24 hours, cowboy stuff....I haven't eaten at this Western-themed tavern, but for all the reasons mentioned above, it's a great spot to enjoy some drinks.  The bar tender was attentive enough, and the staff was very friendly.  I would absolutely come back, and you should too.
3	Do you enjoy hanging out in kitschy, over-the-top, western theme bars with a million and one pieces of flair? Then Roadrunner Saloon is the place for you. As blatant as the motif is, it's a cool space with a large bar area in the back, a dining area with plenty of comfy booths, and a really cool enclosed patio with a fire pit and plenty of seating. The biggest negative of the atmosphere is the foul, backed up sewage drain smell as you walk in.They had limited happy hour specials when i went -- a couple beers were only a couple bucks and a few items on their bar food list were half off. After placing our order a food runner dropped off some tasty chips and salsa. We thought they were complimentary, but as it turned out they went to the wrong table. Our waitress let us know if was a mistake but let us eat them anyway.For dinner the wife went with sliders -- two small beef sliders with cheddar cheese, chipotle mayo, and caramelized onions. They came with crinkle cut fries. Not bad, but they won't make you forget about the slider truck any time soon. Our son had a kid's quesadilla with fries which he enjoyed. The carne asada burrito I had was stuffed with grilled New York steak, cilantro pesto rice, pinto beans, cheese and a red chile sauce. It was topped with tomatoes, cilantro and sour cream and accompanied with a side of potato salad. The steak had a smokey flavor to it with a good bit of heat as well.According to their website, chef Matthew Silverman, a Californian who worked his way up Wolfgang Puck's organization, helped open the Roadrunner franchise along with Agave and Vintner Grill. While Roadrunner is no where near as good as Vintner Grill, it's a respectable tavern with above average bar food. Giddyup.
3	Pretty typical neighborhood bar for Las Vegas. The food is okay. The drink prices are okay. Service was a little slow at times plus we ordered Nachos, when they were delivered they ran away without giving us napkins, plates or forks. The Nachos with pulled pork were decent but nothing special. The decor is full on cowboy/southwest themed, it works somehow. A few pool tables and other games available to play for your amusement. The place can get busy on a weekend night, but there's lots of room, and a cool patio to get away from the crowd.
3	Eh food is not that great for the price you pay...expensive bar food in my opinion. However, the entertainment is so worth it. You can enjoy mini-bowling, golden tee/buck hunter, punching bag game and pool while enjoying the tunes on the jukebox. Always good times watching drunk guys compete against each other and see how hard they can hit the punching bag. If you feel like chilling and enjoying cocktails then sit the near the bar and watch tvs or enjoy their relaxing patio with fire pits.
4	Food. Good good food. Carne Asada pizza, excellent.
1	It is not so much that the food is bad, it is they don't care.  I guess if you are going to drink or for the entertainment, it might have others give it more stars.  The BBQ totally demonstrates their lack of caring.  The "manager" even asked, was told and essentially walked away.  The wife had filet, mashed and broccoli and blew her guts out all night.  Why?Service was abysmal.  Hit and run.  And, the place was NOT busy when we were there.I thought it was just our experience, but reading other reviews suggests such food and service is fairly typical of this place.  Would not have written a review had the manger -- or server -- given an ounce of interest..
1	Worst service ever. The manager took our order and then he disappeared... When the cocktail waitress came to deliver our nachos (which took 20 min), my bf asked if he could have another beer and she kinda went.. I guess.. Cause she wasn't taking care of us. She only had one table so it's not like she was busy. After that she would not even walk by us or make eye contact. Both me and my bf are in the service industry and were pretty upset about it. We understand when people are busy, but another thing is to not care. We cancelled our dinner order and asked for the check. The manager apologized and said he only had one cook and he was busy. We didn't care if the food was taking long but we never had a chance to order drinks. $40 for 2 beers, a martini, nachos and a cup of soup... never again.
1	Don't come here during graveyard the last two times we came here we got the worse service. Two bartenders and not one will come up to us. One was talking to girls for over a hour and other guy didnt come to West side of the bar. I'm a bartender and I would be ashamed if I gave a customer this kinda service. We will never step foot inside Road Runner on W. Flamingo Rd ever again. Thank you..
3	I didn't expect much since it was located near our somewhat out-of-the-way hotel and their vegetarian selections were super limited (no veggie burgers for these cowboys). However, the vibe was very warm and the service extremely prompt and attentive. We made a meal of fried pickles and nachos. The nachos, while not a complicated dish, were expertly prepared, meaning there was not a dry chip in the pie tin. They were not miserly with the toppings and there was none of that "bottom of the chips were neglected by the beans/cheese" syndrome that you often encounter when an amateur is running the chip station. My Long Island Iced Teas were quite strong too. Which is why I probably ate fried pickles and nachos before bed. I will probably do it all over again tonight.There was also a delightful fire pit with a porch swing that allowed my companion and I a little time to think about the finer things in life.
1	I really used to enjoy coming here for an after work drink, as I like to play a little video poker, cowboy bowl, and the jukebox is quite alright. After last night, I will not be returning. For some reason or another, the graveyard bartender was ignoring us and giving us the cold shoulder. We've been there at least half a dozen times, so he possibly would slightly know our faces and that we tip well. He never came and offered us another drink, but offered the couple next to us another round. My gf and I are both bartenders, so we know how to tip. Perhaps neighboring Sedona will be our new bar of choice.
3	The lay-out of the place is cool. The menu is nice, and good beer selection. However, service was SO slow.  Not any place I'd get too excited about going back to.
3	The food at the roadrunner is exceptional.  The service is decent.  My only issue is the lack of accommodation for smokers.  I know not everybody smokes and I am OK with that....I think, though, that the patio should be opened up (with mist-ers) for those who want a quick smoke.  I haven't been back to this place because it isn't smoker friendly...and I only smoke when I am drinking!!
4	i visit this location often. the staff is helpful and generally very attentive.my favorite salad has recently changed from a chop salad to a regular cut for the lettuce which is a little disappointing, but nothing a knife doesn't fix.i enjoy my meal every time
1	Good service but horrible garbage food and small portions
4	A good place to go for bar food while watching a football game.  Some good specials but since we had a groupon we splurged for dinner.  There were two of us and we got the full rack of ribs and some apps.They (without us even asking!) split the ribs into two portions and served them to us on two plates, each with fries and slaw!  Very cool.  The ribs were tender, meat slid right off the bone.  Servers refilled our sodas frequently!I kinda thought the Mac and cheese app was "meh" but my gf loved the popcorn shrimp (which comes in a hot wing sauce with bleu cheese crumbles)
4	I am a Roadrunner fan!  The atmosphere of the bar is a nice mix of classy and comforting with the 8 or so recliners.  This is a great place to belly up to the bar or relax with some friends.  There is an outdoor fire pit for a more cozy, by the camp fire feeling.Roadrunner has a generous selection of libations and, my favorite, PBR on TAP!!  Drink prices are right about average and a $20 bill can get your head spinning pretty well. The bar staff is great and has very little turn over.My only knock on Roadrunner is the food... thus far.  Recently I had the Dr. Pepper Taco's.  Now... this sounds amazing, but from a culinary standpoint, a beast to pull off.  I am not quite sure what I was expecting, but I certainly did not get it.  When the plate came out the presentation was much more a fajita style dish than a taco.  In fact, I tried numerous times to make a taco out of my ingredients and failed.  The meat had a very sweet (I know, Dr. Pepper, but even this was a bit strong) glaze to it and was slightly tough.  There was little to no cheese provided, and I am a firm believer in "when all else fails, drown it in cheese".  The rest of my plate was drown in beans and rice.  Not that this is an issue, but it was not expected on a taco plate.  The price was a bit steep as well, right around $14.  If rating off the food alone, I would be compelled to give them 2 stars, but the atmosphere definitely helps their case.Not to accuse all of their food of failing to meet expectations, I have also had a hamburger from Roadrunner.  While it certainly surpassed the Dr. Pepper Taco's, it is not a reason to come back.  The only other tip would be to avoid this place around 10pm on Wednesday nights.  The kickball league comes in, and while they are all really cool, it turns into a 3-ring circus with very long wait times.
1	Unfortunately, I will not be returning to this location in the near or distant future.  In fact, if all the bars in Las Vegas were wiped out except for this one, I'd drink at home.First: This location is a proud establishment rooting for the Denver Broncos.  I'm a Houston Texans fan and I could even look past that flaw for the fact that I love(D) the atmosphere and food.Second: Don't order a Vodka/Red Bull.  They keep the can open and going for all orders and if you happen to order when the remaining Red Bull is old and flat...oh well, that's what you're getting.Third: Some of the WORST customer service I have ever encountered in my life.  Specifically from Jennifer (at the bar) and most recently from Collette (also at the bar).  I assume both women are just miserable people or that Jennifer is unable to comprehend simple tasks like splitting an order up between four people rather than complaining to her patrons about it.  Today, my manager paid for our lunch and called to place an order.  Unfortunately, she called the wrong location.  When we had already been there for fifteen minutes, waiting, and she began to get frustrated, Collette loudly informed my manager, "look, this is your fault, not ours."  My manager incredulously informed her that she never said it was her fault before she turned and left while I stayed behind and sarcastically thanked her for the superb custmer service.  She turned back around, gave me a condescending smile and replied, "you're quite welcome, honey.  Anytime."Nope, not anytime princess.  Like I said, I won't be back to this location ever.  I'm ready to ensure that friends, co-workers and family members also steer clear of this place.
5	Let me start of by saying- ORDER THE MAC AND CHEESE.  It is something you will not ever regret doing.  My mouth is literally watering just thinking about it.We only go to the Roadrunner Saloon about once a year.  It has been our Christmas dinner tradition for the past 3 years, oddly enough.  I'm not sure why we don't go more often... the service and food are always great.  The cowboy themed decor and menu are intriguing and I especially love the way the ceiling is painted.  My personal favorite is the Grilled Turkey Melt.  It is the perfect combination of crunchy, melty and spicy goodness.  I think that I will definitely have to return a few more times this year to try out some of their other delicious items!
5	Loved it. Food & service was great, along with bowling and pool!
4	I had fun here! People are crazy! The customer service was awesome ...Jessica was super nice and comprehended everything fine  and was very attentive (my drink never stayed empty) and the GM was great as well. I didn't try the food but i have at other locations and it was great ...for real go hang out!
5	My friends and I really enjoy coming to this location late at night to shoot pool, have some food and a few drinks- all of which are pretty standard.. nothing mind-blowing. However, what keeps us coming to this bar specifically, opposed to the hundreds of others in the area, is the late-night bartender, SCOTTIE. He is just an all around good guy and genuinely cares about his customers!  We will continue to come into Roadrunner Flamingo because of him (:
3	Decent food. Cute atmosphere. Good service.
4	Off the top, my favorite dish here is the potato soup - just amazing. And don't forget sliders while you're at it. For the place itself, while it's not the newest bar, I love the grungy western atmospheric vibe it gives. Walking in, you'll see they have a pool table setup, miniature bowling, a jukebox, and sometimes karaoke. One of my favorite locations though, would have to be outside. They have the perfect little patio, complete with bonfires, and my friends and I love to come in and make smores during the cool nights. Did I mention they have a swing??Roadrunner is also perfect for gambling, and for football season. Place is normally packed then. Wednesday nights, the bar is full of kickball players, so watch out.Besides all that, Scotty is my favorite bartender, and Travis is my favorite server. Wait, no favorites? That's okay - all the servers are good at what they do. Come on in and check it out!
4	The cowboy theme works at RoadRunner. Great patio (probably one of the best and only in the area) and lots of space indoors. Gaming at the bar, nice variety on the menu and even (faux) bowling!I took my family (from out of town) to eat here a while ago and they liked it.
3	I'll start by saying I have never tried a single food item off of the menu, so this is a review of the bar & saloon side of Roadrunner! I went last night (as I do almost every Wednesday) after kickball - it is the bar everyone goes to after games in my league. They offer a few drink specials for us, like a $5 margarita, a $5 shot, and some beer specials. The drinks are perfectly fine - I've always been satisfied - but they're nothing special. They all come in plastic cups (maybe this is only on Wednesday nights), which adds to the overall frat-party feel of the place.It's the perfect setup for us on Wednesday nights, because they have a spacious inside where they setup a karaoke machine, and they also have a large outdoor area for playing flipcup and beirut/beer pong. It doesn't seem to have a lot of ambiance, but that could be because of the crowds of kickballers crammed in every time I am there!Overall, it's a perfectly fine post-kickball bar, but I can't imagine ever wanting to go there on a non-kickball night. (Then again, I'm definitely not in the saloon-going demographic.)
4	I take my family there two or three times a month...it is a nice place to take the kids and get a pitcher of beer and not be in a national chain restaurant.  The kids like the mac and cheese, I like the Dr. Pepper Steak Tacos.
4	I always forget how cute & country-ish it looks inside of RR ..They have a mini bowling alley, pool table, darts & a couple other fun games.. We have even seen people play beer pong there. They have a little stage for performances and karaoke. I love their semi covered patio area.. It has lots of comfy seats, a fire pit, its own bar and lots of pretty twinkling lights.. Like other bars they also have a separate dining room away from all the action but we prefer to sit in one of the many booths by the main bar.. Our server was friendly and the food was good.We tried the:-Vaquero Steak Salad_ I thought this was just OK.. I don't like ice berg lettuce so next time I would probably ask for Romaine.. The steak slices were not that impressive and the olives were too overpowering.. If you're watching what you eat ask for the salad without the fried onions so you won't pick them out..-Blackened Salmon Filet _ This was delicious! A nice sized filet that tasted fresh on deliciously grilled veggies.. YUMMM-Sliders & Wings _ On a previous visit we tried their sliders & wings.. both were tasty and came with some nice crinkle cut fries.. My BF put $10 in the machine and left with $50.. One of our other friends came up 1K so the machines here are definitely somewhat loose~ HOT TIP: Happy Hour everyday from 3-6!!! Half priced apps, $2 Jose Cuervo shots & Runnerritas, $3 Dos Equis, $4 Heineken & Rolling Rock ;]]]
3	I was probably a bit drunk when I bought a Groupon to Roadrunner.  I've driven past this place at least 1,000 times and thought it looked like redneck central.Turns out, it's a harmless little sports bar with Western flair and enormous t.v. screens.  Very cowboy chic.  Yee haw?Anyways, the food is okkkaaay.  We ordered the chili, a wedge salad, and a cowboy bbq meal.  The chili was a bit boring.  Not spicy at all.  It did taste homemade, not canned, so they get points for that.  The wedge salad was your typical wedge salad.  They didn't screw it up (which would be difficult).The bbq was meh.  Our plate came with chicken, beef brisket and ribs ($17.99). The meat was unfortunately dry and not that flavorful.  In fact, it was apparent they just poured bbq sauce on top of everything after plating.  I wouldn't order this again. Bad cowboys! I was torn between giving this place 2 and 3 stars but the service was fast and friendly and I kind of enjoyed the atmosphere.  I'm not very country but I'd probably come back for their drinks and apps.
4	Went here to watch the last NBA Finals game and I'm glad I did since I was rooting for the Spurs.  Being that it's a country bar, a lot of other Spurs fans were there so it was a good time cheering on the team.It got pretty busy so our server, Jamie, was a little slow.  However, she was super friendly and since we were staying until the end of the game, it wasn't a nuisance that she was behind.  Plus, the manager was constantly walking around and checking on the tables which is a change from other places I've been where the manager just stands and does nothing.I look forward to going there again since I didn't get to try the cowboy bowling they had.  Plus, since the filet mignon was incredibly good, I'll get that as well.
4	Happy Hour Everyday 3-6 PM --Rolling Rock $2, Heineken $4, Dos Equis $3,  1/2 price appetizers.I always forget how cozy n country chic this place is.  Their patio is very inviting too - with couches and a fireplace, nice strings of lights too, creating the perfect atmosphere.  Lots of great big TVs, large booths and great oversized chairs near the bar for relaxing while you toast.  Just a great place to hang out - pool tables, darts, some sort of a mini-bowling alley (yes, seriously!). The food - it's truly hit and miss.  Our server told us they continually change the menu and are working hard to keep the items people love and replace the ones that they don't.  This trip hubby had the 1/2 rack of ribs and the meat was falling off the bones!  He was in heaven, said they were sooo delicious! I wasn't  fan of the sauce, but he was in another place as he ate his ribs and lumpy mashed potatoes.  I ordered the carne asada burrito and that too was delicious!  Recommended by our server who said it was one of their most popular items - so I figured it must be worthy and  ..  .. I love Mexican food too!So the last star . . . it's not a five star experience for me.  I've had taco, we've had sandwiches that were truly just ok.  I've had a salad here before too and it was just that .  . . . just a salad. Didn't wow at all.  Absolutely worth the visit - if for nothing else a happy hour beer and a game of bowling!!
2	Purchased a Groupon and went on a Tuesday evening. First impression when driving up was "Ehh, I don't know about this..." But walking inside, it is a really cool looking restaurant/bar. Probably a fun place to drink at, with a really nice outdoor patio area. However, I would never eat here again.Lets start with the food. I started with a wedge salad, which was decent but I'm assured I cracked a filling on the rock-hard bacon bits. Then I got the grilled chicken club with avocado and crinkle fries. The fries were the highlight of the meal- Reminded me of my childhood, Hah. The top bun was rock hard and the bottom was a wet soggy mess. The chicken was as dry as ever and the avocado was mushy. The bacon, once again was hard and nasty. The club also comes with honey mustard, which I'm thankful I asked them to put it on the side because It tasted like cheap honey icing.The service was decent. I think our server was fairly new because she seemed overwhelmed with only a couple tables. Refills, food, and the check was brought by another server. Overall, I was glad we didn't have to pay full price for the food.
4	This place is SO CUTE! I was a little worried that I wouldn't like it after reading some of the other reviews on here but then again, I only had drinks and no food.  My friend and I decided to meet up for a few ''end-of-the-week' cocktails and it was the perfect atmosphere! The big lounge chairs were cozy and our server was sweet and attentive.  We both got the signature mojitos (without simple syrup) and it was made perfectly.  Our water glasses were always full and splitting up our checks wasn't an issue! They didn't even care when my friends big purse knocked over the empty glass and shattered glass went everywhere (We really are sorry about that!). The servers just laughed and said it happens more than we'd believe.  I will definitely want to come here more often!
1	Not very good food and horrible service! This bar is set up to be a country style bar but won't even play country music! The bartender told us they wouldn't play country music because some of their big gamblers hate country music. The only good thing about this place is their margaritas and the mini bowling.
3	Just like everyone else has already stated: the decor is quite nice in a south-west cowboy themed neighborhood bar with a good selection of draft beers and liquors. I was actually impressed that they had Angry Orchard: Crisp Apple on tap. Don't really see it that often. Our waitress made a few recommendations but because i just came from work i wanted to try something that didnt sound like the portion size was going to be pathetically small. Ended up grabbing the Grilled Beef Tips with a cup of chili.The grilled beef tips were decent. There wasnt that much of a bbq marinated beef taste or even a heavy smokey taste associated with the grilling. Overall everything was subtle in taste. The beef i requested medium-rare and what i received was medium which is understandable as i dont expect a practical way to cook such small chunks to perfection without having to pierce a thermometer in there every minute.The sides were about average. Broccoli and carrots which were steamed or boiled or even microwaved tossed in some butter. The potatoes were REALLY buttery which in turn made them undeniably good if not fattening.The chili was actually pretty damn good. Nice chunks of tomatoes and beef, had a really nice flavor that wasnt too bland or overpowering but just right. Overall i would come here again because it's out of the norm for what i'm used to in a hang out spot or bar. The bar is nicely stocked with a few times i specifically look out for because it's what i drink and there's activities such as darts and bowling for a more interactive dining/drinking experience.Yelp 100 - 043 of 100
3	Sometimes the food is good, sometimes it is not.  Had a bacon burger (can't remember the name) and was delicious, but have had other items and its mediocre.  I think it depends on the cook.This place is hardly crowded and the drinks are always awesome.  Where else can you do mini-bowling?  Love it!!
4	I had never been to this bar before I started playing Kickball, and I had never been on a non-Wednesday night until somewhat recently.  Have gambled and won (hit a royal!) so it's definitely possible to win here :)  I love their gaming promos every week, bartenders are very friendly, and food is delicious.  Haven't had too much of a variety (I find something I like and stick with it!) but the steak nachos are AWESOME and the filet is delicious - it comes with steak fries and an amazing little spinach dip thingy that you have to try.Good ambiance, great for Broncos fans (this is the place to be when the Broncos have a major game!  Broncos fans are crazy!), and pretty good specials.  Always have a good time here.
4	The outdoor patio is perfect for this time of year. New food menu and signature drinks definitely bring some new life to the party. If you ever stop by, try the tinga tacos and beef enchiladas. Omg the beef enchiladas!!! Best I've ever had. If you're in the area and in the mood for some grub and/or drinks, I'd definitely give roadrunner a try. I will be back for sure.
4	This place is very unique. Very cozy bar, has 2 pool tables, a few game machines like ping pong, mini bowling alley (which I thought was pretty awesome), and the outside patio had 3 fire pits with swigs, it was very nice. We didn't eat but ordered a few drinks and they were a bit pricey and as much as I loved the atmosphere not sure if this will be a regular spot for us.
1	The only positive thing I can say about this place is that at least we had a Groupon. The service was slow & not sure who are server even was. There were 3 of us. I had the nachos & they were the most flavorless nachos I've ever had. My grandfather ordered ribs but they didn't have any. It was lunch time so I have no idea how they could be out. He got the pulled pork instead & our friend got the pulled pork as well. The fries that came with the pulled pork were still hard & not cooked all the way through. They had some flavor & I think they could have been really good had they been properly fried. My grandfather said the pulled pork didn't have a lot of flavor & the buns were so soggy that they couldn't pick them up to eat the sandwich . The BBQ sauce was too sweet & the pork lacked flavor. The cole slaw was flavorless soggy cabbage. Had someone come to check on us soon after the food was delivered we would have sent the food back. Definitely will not go back nor recommend. It's not even worth the 1 star I had to leave.
2	We were there to see the Broncos v. Patriots. The two stars are given for the food, which was delicious! The fried pickles are amazing. Sadly, the service is slow (so slow we had to leave our table to go to the bar to get another drink). The bar charged us a different price for our drinks then the server did! We asked our server to get us a manager. Although we were there for a hour after we asked to see a manager..they never came to the table, nor did the server to offer us another drink. The game even went into over time and we sat there with empty cocktails.
4	Not bad. Good vodka. Good nachos. Fun atmosphere.  They need a bigger parking lot though. Lots of folks parked in the gravel.
4	Great place for business lunches. Their Cowboy Cobb salad is delicious! Also they have a great patio area to enjoy when the weather is nice.
3	My wife and I came here to use a Groupon we purchased.  We used to come here periodically but haven't been back in years with the proliferation of new restaurants in the area. We were brought iced tea quickly and a basket with some corn muffins and butter.  Our server, Desiree, took our order promptly.  I got a cup of baked potato soup with bacon and chive topping.  It had a lot of cheese mixed in and it was excellent.  It didn't help with my cold much but it was worth the try!For our mains, we each got the 6 ounce filet served with large potato wedges and a ramekin with creamed spinach and some browned cheese on top.  The seasonings on the potato wedges and the steaks were very tasty and the steaks were good like we ordered.  We had the smaller steaks so there was room for dessert.  We should have shared.  They were very large.  My wife got the brownie with ice cream and I got the pecan and chocolate pie.  Both were very good.A few things about the service.  Evidently there's only one person serving at the time we were there and we waited several minutes for someone to come to seat us.  Later, Desiree had to take care of all the tables and our wait for things was longer than need be.  A very pleasant meal in nice surroundings.
5	Love this place! Great atmosphere, awesome set up, amazing customer service, and AMAZING food. Can't ask for much more :)
1	Thought we would try a new place to watch a game and grab lunch.  It just plain sucked.  Lots of great sports bars in Vegas.  This ain't one of them.
1	Hands down worst service that I have ever experienced. Took about 20 minutes to get soup, not even mediocre soup at that. The order was wrong, our server offered to change it but I was so hungry that I just said it was ok. She looked at me and said, "it's not a big deal." Go back to training and learn what not to say to guests!
2	I went outside of box and decided to get the Dr Pepper tacos. They were nasty! The meat had the consistency of beef jerky. The rice did not go with the plate. The pinto beans were uncooked little pebbles and also tasted terrible. Out server didn't know any of the questions I asked her and took a long time to do anything. The bathrooms were pitch black! What kind of country bar plays Avril Lavigne, Kesha and Beyonce??
3	I had a bacon, cheese burger.  It was average bar food.   The have decent selection of draft beers.  Outdoors patio is nice, includes TVs, fire pit, even a swing.  Metal tables were kinda wobbly.  Great venue for a big group!
4	Absolutely in love with the chicken noodle soup! Turkey melt, carne asada quesadillas, and salads are great. My boyfriend and I both don't like their chips, or beans and rice, so the nachos aren't that great. Or anything with rice They are tri colored and taste like cardboard.  I love the huge tvs, large booths, and country vibe. Sometimes the service is poor. They have a great patio with a bar and booths, and at night they have fires.
1	After the rude and inconsiderate customer service, I decided not only does this guy justin hate his job, but he also gave my a cup that had been cracked on the rim, and I almost slit my lip. The guy didnt believe me which made me even more mad. I'm seriously never coming back, and u shouldn't either.
4	There's a round courtyard outside with a few tables around the edge and the fire pit in the middle which was just beautiful the last night I was there back in the spring. The stars shining above, the weather was a little chilly which made the heat from the fire pit feel very nice and cozy. The ceviche was fresh and yummy, and that is coming from someone who doesn't eat a lot of raw fish. Nice atmosphere inside as well, good lighting.
1	If you're coming to Roadrunner to eat anytime soon, this isn't the place.Just a few other tables in the joint when we were seated and our server spent most of the time talking and hanging out with the manager and other employees while we waited, waited and waited for our should-be hot, cold food to arrive.  She did perk up prior to expected tip time. Too many options in LV to return for a repeat lackluster performance.Good luck, Roadrunner, restaurants go bye bye with your inattention to customers.
4	I first tried this place out because it's in the neighborhood and there was a groupon. Nice decorations, very clean and chill. The food is what keeps me going back, the fried pickles and the burgers are awesome. It's never too busy either which is kind of nice, unfortunately the service sucks. As I stated it's not busy so it's hard for me to understand the lack of service. I think almost every time I've been there the same person has helped me and her attitude sucks. Clearly this hasnt kept me from returning :)
1	Don't order the ribs!! Awful! They're fatty and tough, without much flavor. I hate for my first review to be a bad one, but oh well...
2	Went here tonight cause I was having a hankerin' for fried pickles.  Its really the only reason we go here rather than other similar places. So we order our drinks (they were out of iced tea, which is what I drink...hot water + teabags + a few mins + ice = iced tea. Easy peasey folks).  Got out ammended drink order along with fried pickles. The pickles were nice and hot and crispy but even though I'm a spice addict drowning pickles (already salty since the literally live their entire pickle life swimming in brine) and then giving them a heavy handed seasoned salt blizzard wakes them almost too salty to be edible, yay for the dippin' sauce. Once the pickles were delivered I'm pretty sure the staff was being abducted by aliens cause there was no one to be found.  Almost 45 mins later our food arrived. He had the whiskey chili (pretty sure they have to just warm that up if its not already bubbling away in a chili pot.  I ordered a turkey melt. It was supposed to be turkey, pepper jack cheese,  bacon, and avocado on GRILLED sourdough bread.  As far as restaurant vittles go a sandwich should be a no brainer.  My grilled/toasted sourdough had absolutely no color on it. The bottom was so soggy and the fried so limp and cold I am almost positive that my plate had spent a long time under the heat lamp (remember thay 45 mins we waited for a sandwich and a bowl of chili?) On top of that there were two small super thin pieces of bacon and two thinly sliced avocado.  The pepper jack had no pep. My fries were sad. All in all pickles were ok, he liked his chili, my sandwich was a total let down.  The service was great when she was actually talking to us but my boyfriend literally had to hunt her down outside to ask for our check.  And instead of bringing it right away...ten mins later when she was still not there I was sent to the car because the booth was uncomfortable.  All he had to do was get a box and sign his receipt...20 mins later he walked out. I love fried pickles but if you cant get a sandwich right and keep it on the heat lamp when the place isn't busy, we will take our money to a place who deserves it from great food and amazing service. Guess we will have to get our pickle fix at Hooters now.
5	Best Mac & Cheese I can remember!  The Whiskey Chili was really good, as was the Sweet Tea Cocktail. Good service made for a really great meal.
1	I was entirely disappointed in this place. I took a date here for dinner and the service was simply atrocious, food and drinks took forever to come out, and the food was subpar at best. This seems like a great place to watch sports as there are several big screen televisions, nice big bar, but for dinner, go elsewhere.
5	We go here about once a week for the food and drinks while playing video poker.The service is usually spot on and we are always happy witht the food.
5	Very charming, western atmosphere and amazing food! Staff is very courteous and work as a team. When we went (Sat night), there was a private party outside as well as a few groups inside; however the service did not suffer! I got the fresh fish tacos and am now so full bc I could not stop eating them, they were so delic. Def one of our new hang outs!
5	Went here last night.. First time and had zero expectations. I really liked ur atmosphere (we sat in the bar area) . Lots of giant tvs to watch sports and stadium style seating as well.. They also have a lot of fun stuff to do like touch screen games, buck hunter, and a pool table. They have a really neat seating area outside.. But was too cold to hang there on this visit. Ordered drinks .. Large beers on tap.. We had nachos as an appetizer which was excellent. I had the dr. Pepper marinated stead tacos and they were really phenomenal. I will definitly be coming back and can't wait to catch a game here.
4	The food was certainly good and so was the service. Unfortunately they informed us about a menu change by January 2015. I had some chicken tenders that had a good amount of driest and sauce to them. Everything went well but it's sad to know they're changing their usual style.
1	I'd give it a negative one star, but that would still be too good a review for this dump. Said they could accommodate a party of 9. Gathered our whole family into two cars including my 93 year old Grandma and a 10 and 7 year old, drove all the way there, and rudely stated they couldn't seat us. It smelled like dead rodents, anyway. I've worked in a lot of restaurants and the stink of dead rodents is never a good sign, obv.  the staff LITERALLY cursed at us - why are they renovating? Just demolish it. Gross.
