4	Who has two thumbs and ate waaaaaaaaay too much barbeque?This girl.But that is because it was super delicious. You want ribs? They got 'em beef and pork, half and full racks. Pulled pork? Check. Half chicken? Check. Sausages? Check. Brisket? Technically not check tonight but its opening weekend, cut them some slack. And all of it comes with one (or more if you ask) of their 3 delicious sauces: the tomato-y Midwood house sauce, the vinegar based NC sauce or the mustard based SC sauce.We split the BBQ Queso dip, which was out of this world. The smoked flavor of the meat went great with the ooey, gooey cheese. I got the small pulled pork plate which comes with NC sauce, one side, hushpuppies and pickled onions. The meat was great. I had to literally smoosh my napkin in my food to stop from picking once i was full. The collard greens I got as my side were cooked within an inch of their life, but thats not uncommon and I guess better than them being tough. They did have meat in them, but our server said they have a veggie friendly section of the menu in the works. The pickled onions were great to cut through the smoky meat flavor. As for the pups, I heartily recommend dipping them in some of the SC sauce.They have a solid beer menu, on draft, in bottles and in cans.  All the better if you enjoy them outside at one of their picnic table or on the rooftop patio they are redoing.Midwood Smokehouse is certainly a welcome addition to the Plaza Midwood restaurant scene (especially now that Rib Palace closed), not perfect but lip smacking none the less.
4	While walking from Thirsty Beaver to 22 we noticed a new BBQ joint.Why, yes, I do want to try. We were not hungry, but we decided that it was worth checking out the new place. We sat down at the bar and ordered an appetizer. Pimento cheese frees with BBQ on top of it. Ummm....wow. This is a heart attack on a plate- and absolutely delicious. I also talked to the bartender for a tiny bit and checked out the menu. He said that they will be having vegetarian options soon- tofu and portabello mushrooms were mentioned.I am looking forward to going back for a meal (I want to try the Cuban). I cannot imagine this place not succeeding. FYI- it is also gay friendly- always a good thing.
4	EDIT: So I've been back since my first review. I didn't edit it, because it still wasn't all that great to me.I got a call from some friends to come out for lunch. "Sure, where to?" I asked. "Midwood," they said. "Ugh. Well, ok," I replied. I went back begrudgingly, but with an open mind to try something new. This time I got the Red Neck Cobb. It was lunch, and I didn't want a sandwich or anything too heavy. The salad was a good portion, with plenty of smoked turkey, bacon, and other goodies on top.Much to my surprise, I really liked the turkey! Just enough smoke flavor, a bit dry, but very tasty nonetheless.One friend had the special of "Burnt Edges" with a Dr. Pepper barbecue sauce. This was very good, too. I could tell it might get to be a bit rich, but again another pleasant surprise.I will go back again and be more open to trying other items on the menu.-------------------------------------- Hmmm, I wonder if I ate at the same place as the other reviewers?Took the fam there to try it out. Right away I was excited because the service is great!I ordered the small bbq plate, with mac & cheese as my side. Well, for $9.95 I expected more. I got a very small portion of bbq, 3 very tiny drops of hush puppies, and an appropriate size of mac & cheese. (Is this the americanization of large portions in me to expect a bit more? Perhaps...) But truly I don't think it mattered. I was unimpressed with the bbq.Hubs ordered the appetizer wings as his dinner. And he was unimpressed, too. The wings were dry (both in texture and no sauce). I gave him my eastern style bbq sauce to dip them in, and that helped.However, the surprise dinner we both thought was really good was for the kid - the sloppy joe was really good. (Made with the brisket.)All in all, I might give it another shot. But only until I see some more yelpers out there saying that the food cost is more reasonable to the portion. And that the bbq has gotten better. Will probably go back for night beers with friends, and maybe some apps (I heard the bacon wrapped jalapenos are good...).I give the food 2 stars and the service 5 stars.
4	What a great new local restaurant for the Midwood hood. The server explained that the menu will be enlarged soon to offer more vegetarian and healthy meals. But even the way the menu is now is great. The Saint Louis style ribs were absolutely perfect--very meaty, smoked to perfection, and very tender. The special Plaza Midwood bbq sauce is a perfect compliment. The baked beans were very flavorful. The outdoor seating is very nice, though the indoor seating seems a little cramped. Overall, this was a great experience, and I will be going back tonight for more!
4	Tasty BBQ in the heart of Plaza Midwood. This place will really be awesome when they open their top deck. I had the pulled pork which was very tasty. I liked their Midwood BBQ sauce. Next time I will try the ribs.
5	Soo good... So i'm the girl thats always in search of good bbq...... it's  herenot only was the food good the service was top notch....just saying.
3	I stopped in for lunch at Midwood Smokehouse and was delighted to grab a table outside. A beautiful day and a much-hyped BBQ shop had the makings of a great meal. I've been searching for a great BBQ shop. I went into the meal hoping I had found a great local BBQ shop.I ordered a Small Pulled Pork Plate and was delighted when the meal came out in no more than 3 minutes. Love that.The very friendly and attentive waitress claimed that the meal was 8oz of meat and the menu also claimed that the pork was PULLED. I must have done a poor job of hiding my confusion when the meal was delivered because the waitress asked if everything was ok. I pointed out the obvious fact that the pork was chopped and not pulled. Apparently, they pull the pork apart...and then chop it. In my book, that's called chopped. Chopped and Pulled are two different meals. I won't be convinced otherwise and I won't be fooled. I suspect that there wasn't quite 8oz of meat, but forgot my digital scale.Putting the texture discrepancy aside, the BBQ was seasoned very well. I'm a fan of a sweeter BBQ and tend to shy away from vinegar-based sauces. The BBQ was seasoned so well that the side of vinegar sauce was unnecessary. The side of baked beans had great texture and were seasoned to perfection(sweet), but was a small side. Mixing the BBQ and the beans together, I found my sweet flavorful BBQ. I was unimpressed with the hush-puppies but my four-legged companion liked them. I'm sure she would give them two-paws up. She likes hush-puppies but I've never had one I really liked. Overall, the food was pretty good but I have to admit I was disappointed at the prices. The portions were small for the amount of money. The small plate was in the range of $9 and only came with one side. I couldn't justify to my self spending $3 to get an extra side. After seeing the size of the sides, I made the right choice. Midwood Smokehouse is a good concept and has the makings of a great BBQ joint, but they've really missed it on portion size.
4	Great BBQ and collard greens! Mac & cheese is pretty good as well. The eastern bbq sauce is very good!
3	Good BBQ but thought the prices we're too high for the portions. Also craft/import beers start of at $5 and up which is too expensive. Too many choices in Midwood with great value on food and drinks and don't see that at Midwood Smokehouse.
4	A couple of weeks ago, I heard rumor of a new BBQ joint opening up in Charlotte.  As I read more and more about it, I started getting excited and determined that I just had to check this new place out soon.  Well that new place is Midwood Smokehouse, and I took the opportunity today to check it out before having to head in to the office.Nestled in the Plaza-Midwood neighborhood of Charlotte, NC, Midwood Smokehouse is the newest restaurant opened by longtime Charlotte restauranteur Frank Scibelli.  Scibelli is the brain child behind several popular Charlotte restaurants such as Big Daddy's Burger Bar and Paco's Tacos and Tequila.  As noted in an interview with Charlotte Magazine, Scibelli's restaurant fully intends to produce serious, authentic wood-smoked BBQ.  To accomplish this goal, he traveled around North Carolina to research the state's well-known pork barbecue joints, and he also collaborated with James Beard award winner Robb Walsh on the intricacies of Texas barbecue (read: brisket).  My task for today was to see how close he came to meeting this goal.While the location of the restaurant may be in a trendy part of the city, the interior decor was inviting.  A mirror behind the bar stated the daily specials as well as some rather interesting one-liners/Since Midwood Smokehouse has been open for less than two weeks, the menu was a little limited.  However, plenty of options were still available, ranging from Eastern Carolina style pork to brisket to sausage made on the premises.  After perusing the menu, I ordered a half-rack of ribs (St. Louis style) with a side of BBQ baked beans.  I requested that the ribs be sauced.  In addition, I ordered an additional side of bacon-wrapped jalapenos stuffed with cheese (which I lovingly refer to as ABTs, or atomic buffalo turds).  The server was very pleasant, taking her time to go through several of the menu options and offer her personal recommendations.  After about 10 minutes, my order arrived.The first thing I notice is that the ribs were served with sauce on the side instead of being glazed on the ribs (as I expected).  The food certainly looked appetizing, and I will get to my thoughts on the food shortly.  As I was taking pictures of my food, the general manager came over to my table.  I introduced myself to him as a BBQ blogger, and he immediately offered to bring me a sampling of their other menu items.  How could I possibly refuse?  As if I wasn't already starting to feel full enough, out comes a sampling of pork, brisket, prime rib, sausage, and other goodies.In addition, I also got to sample all of the sauces that Midwood Smokehouse offers as well as a small sample of collard greens.  Now on to the verdict...The ribs had an excellent flavor. The meat was not too smoky, and I could actually taste the pork rather than an overabundance of rub to mask the flavor of the meat.  However, there were two things I immediately noticed:- The back membrane had been left on the rack when it was cooked.- The rib meat pulled right off the bone without any resistance, which signified that they were a bit overcooked.The sausage was a very mild sausage.  It had a bit of a crumbly texture.  Since I'm not an expert on how authentic Texas-style sausage should taste, I won't give an opinion on that.  The brisket was good, with a nice texture and taste.  The pork was, in short, PERFECT!  It had a perfect savory flavor, and the texture was on point (and not mushy like a lot of Eastern Carolina style pork can be).  Honestly, the pork did not need any sauce, but I decided to try it with the vinegar-based sauce.  The sauce added an extra dimension to the pork.Finally, the prime rib...  why didn't someone introduce me to smoked prime rib before?  Completely and totally droolworthy!  This one is definitely on my repeat list.So would I recommend this BBQ joint?  Absolutely, with no reservations whatsoever!  This review is available with pictures at http://www.bigwaynerbbq.com/2011/05/15/review-midwood-smokehouse-charlotte-nc/.
5	When I see a new restaurant open, I usually like to wait a few months to let them work out the kinks before I give it a try.  But pork bbq makes me all weak in the knees, so after driving by a few times I decided I had to give in to see if it was worth drooling all over my steering wheel all week long.Holy crap.  It SO was.I went on a Friday with a few friends.  I had the pulled pork sandwich with baked beans, and we got an order of hush puppies for the table.  I opted for the vinegar sauce.  The pork was tender and smoky, the vinegar sauce was just a little spicy, and the baked beans had bacon (!)  in them.   The hush puppies were just the right kind of fried - crispy but not greasy, and were perfectly balanced between sweet and savory.   For dessert I had banana pudding that made me lick the bowl and my hubby had some kind of cookie/peanut-butter cup concoction that was also fabulous.  Oh, and the service was warm and friendly and we never had to wait on drink refills.We had such a good time that we went back.  The next night.  This is a little embarrassing for me, admitting that I gorged myself on bbq two nights in a row and didn't regret it for a second (until Sunday morning).  But I think it speaks to the deliciousness of the food.  Also, the next night someone ordered the brown-sugared bacon as their side, and I feel I should warn you not to eat it, ever, because if you do you won't want to stop.  If they diced that stuff up and mixed it into some vanilla ice cream I would leave my husband for it.  I'm not even kidding.  I would leave my husband and declare brown-sugared bacon ice cream my one true love.  (Do you hear me, Smokehouse?)Midwood needed a place like this, and I'm so happy to welcome it to the neighborhood.  Anybody have any plans for dinner?  I have this sudden craving for bbq.
4	I was super excited about this place finally opening. I saw it in the works on my drive home every single day. We tried it out only a few days after it had opened. It wasn't packed by it was definitely a good kind of busy for a Monday night. I was really really excited about the cheese stuffed jalapenos wrapped with bacon (which were EXCELLENT) but what topped the cake for our meal were the pimento cheese fries with bbq brisket on top. SOOOOO gooooood. I've been craving some ever since I left! Between the two of us we got sloppy joes, a simple bbq sandwich and creamed corn. Everything was so tasty. The only reason I give it four stars was because it was a little pricy for the BBQ plates but our sandwiches and apps were decently priced. And I can't wait till they open up their balcony on top!The service was excellent as well. Our server really knew what she was talking about and she was very quick and helpful.
2	Before you get mad at me for leaving only two stars, hear me out.  I'm grading on the one experience.  I'm a firm believer in 2nd and even 3rd chances for neighborhood foodie spots.We live in Elizabeth so this was a nice walk and very convenient.  I was impressed with the resume of restaurants from the owners and have some favorite menu items at Paco's and Cantina... so I was eager to try this one.Service gets an A.  Kimberly was tending bar and was on top of her game.  Bubbly personality and very attentive to all of the patrons at the bar.  My wife immediately was impressed and she had the wow factor that a good bartender needs.  Remembered names, what we were drinking and above all, extremely friendly.  The other gentleman at the bar was less on his game and seemed stressed by the job and was forgetful with requests from patrons on our half of the bar.Draft beers were upwards of $5-$6 per pint and the liquor drinks were $7-$10 per drink.  A bit high but trending standard fare for the neighborhood bars these days.  We ordered the smoked wings which were okay... Not very meaty for wings but had good smokey flavor.  Sauce options were sides which was different but still good.  We had the South Carolina style BBQ sauce which was actually more like a honey mustard.  We each had two drinks and shared the wing app at the bar.  Total bill w/ 20% tip was right at $40.  I'm hoping the other reviews on right on the pork.  Our next round we will go with an entree.  We would tend to head to Mac's for this but we want to support the local Plaza Midwood area.
5	I went for lunch the first time and decided that I would go with the small Carolina pulled pork BBQ and a side of cole slaw.  If you are going to a smokehouse, I thought I should start there.   Delicious!  Finally, good BBQ in Charlotte.  Smoky and tender.  The slaw was good and homemade.  A few tiny hush puppies the size of Tater Tots that were also tasty.  Some pickled onions to set it off a bit.   I got a small platter, and while I wouldn't call the portion generous, it was certainly enough.  But no leftovers :(Service was very good, quick and responsive.  Friendly and well tended on drinks and checking to see if we needed anything.  I liked the presentation on real plates, vintage retro diner type, a nice touch.  I didn't realize that this was another Frank Scibelli restaurant until I signed on to write a review.   I am a big fan of Mama Ricotta's, Cantina, and Bad Daddy's Burgers formerly Big Daddy's  (great breakfast, if you haven't tried them).  I have high expectations for anything he is associated with.  Midwood didn't disappoint me.   I expect that it will only improve as they settle in.  I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.  We were lucky not to have to wait to be seated, but as more folks discovered this place sometimes there is a wait.  We sat outside at the picnic tables under umbrellas, which was really nice. Bravo..  Maybe I should give it 5 stars after all.  Just for getting the Q right.  Okay - changed.  I originally gave 4 out of 5 only because I hadn't tried more of of the menu and based it  on one meal.   Sometimes I am disappointed because I know the BBQ can be superb, and sometimes it is too salty.  I raised it to five because I realized that since it opened, it is one of my favorite places for casual and the only place I want to go for BBQ.  I say it is the best in the area for BBQ.
4	Let me cut to the chase.  The barbecue here is really really good.  I only had the small pork BBQ plate NC style, but it was enough to evaluate that most important of local delicacies.  The BBQ was infused with more smoky flavor than you would find at most NC BBQ joints.  It was not a subtle background taste like it is at Spoon's or Old Hickory House.  So, A+ on the BBQ.Also, the staff were all really great.  Super friendly and attentive.I got the side of brown sugared bacon, which was super tasty, but left me feeling like I had ordered a side of candy, which, really, I guess I had.The pickled onions on top of the 'cue were a brilliant addition, and the hushpuppies were tasty but really too small.  They were the size of those mega gumballs you used to get from the nickel machine as a kid.Now the down side...  Price.  $9 for the small plate is just too expensive for what you get.  I felt like they were especially stingey with the hushpuppies.  There were ONLY THREE OF THEM!  And they were tiny!I'll be back, but man I really wish it was a better bargain.
5	So I have heard the buzz and had friends already go, so I had to try it too. This place is great - I love the smokey smell and the bar area was cool. I had the large Carolina BBQ plate and you could taste the smokey flavor - Yum! I also had the mac and cheese and bacon wrapped jalapenos - YUM! This is my new favorite place, and on my way out, did I notice an upstairs deck for those nice summer nights? I think so!
3	The Good News: Authentic BBQ smell, tasty menu, prompt and friendly service.The Bad News: Totally generic  atmosphere and the music is loud and the worst selection of 80s rock  I've ever heard. It felt more like a chain restaurant than a local joint.
3	I love the food, location is great, love the rootop patio...no problems thereBUT...the drink prices are FRIGGIN OUTRAGEOUS, as has been mentioned in other reviews. To get drink prices this high you either have to be drinkin' in a strip bar  or one of the ultra chi-chi bars uptown like Blue.....at least $2 higher on beer and $3-4 higher on drinks than ANY OTHER P-Wood bar. As I've worked in bars before I understand how drinks are priced and these prices are NOT gonna be popular around here. Everyone that I've heard talk about it has the same thing to say: "great food, great location, plan on drinking tea or soda when you go unless you want to go broke.."...C'Mon guys, you don't have to recoup your investment the 1st month by gouging folks on drinks; price them reasonably and you'll be around for a long time to make money...
4	I saw that a new BBQ place had opened up and had to go try it.  I ate lunch there on a Saturday just a little before noon.  The restaurant was nice, with an industrial feel to it, but very well done.  It had your standard decorations.  The place is kind of narrow, but the arrangement worked well for the space with a mixture of booths & high top tables.  The do have a deck outside with seats.  There were maybe one or two tables when I got there, so I could pretty much sit anywhere.  My server took my drink order and when she came back I asked if they had any sort of combo platter where I could try a little of each meat.  She said they might and went to check for me.  After a couple of minutes a different server came back and said they don't currently have a combo platter, but he showed me a new menu with it.  It was a choice of 4 meats & two sides.  I chose chicken, ribs, pork & brisket with baked beans and coleslaw for my sides.It took a while for my food to come out.  When Peter, my server brought it out, the plate was enormous.  It had a  chicken, breast & wing, 5 ribs, a pile of chopped pork & a couple of slices of brisket.  There were also some hush puppies and pickled onions on the plate.  The sides where served in soup cups and there was also a plate with three different sauces.  Peter went over everything explaining the different types of sauces.  There was a vinegar based, mustard based, and a tomato based sauce.  The brisket was sliced thick with a bit of fat in it.  The pork was chopped fine and mixed with a little of the mustard based sauce.  The ribs were served dry and the chicken had some of the mustard based sauce on it.  The brisket was tender and juicy with a nice dark bark on it.  When I first tried the bark I thought it might have been a little over smoked, but with more of the meat it was had a very nice balance.  My only complaint on the brisket was that it was sliced with the grain instead of across it.  The brisket was cooked long enough that it was still tender, but cut correctly it would have been better.  The pork was awesome!  Very tender and moist with a nice flavor.  The mustard sauce was a nice compliment to the pork.  I tried some of the vinegar based sauce, but didn't care for it as much as the mustard based.The ribs were a little undercooked, but still tender enough with a nice flavor.  The ribs would have been much better with about another hour or two of cooking.The chicken was tender and moist with a good flavor.  Nothing too special about it, but it was still good.The baked beans had a nice flavor and had pieces of meat mixed in with them.  They also had chunks of onion and pepper.  There was a seasoning, like oregano or coriander, but I couldn't put my finger on it.  It was a different and I couldn't quite decide if it worked on not, but it must have since I ate most of them.  The coleslaw was meh, but you don't go to BBQ places just for the coleslaw.The service was awesome here, Peter noticed when he brought my food out that the brisket had some fat on it so he brought a plate with some lean brisket, a little more pork and a slice of sausage for me to try. I've tried a lot of the BBQ places in Charlotte since I've been here and Midwood Smokehouse is at the top of the list if not the best.  The price was very good for the amount of food as well, $16 for the combo plate.  With the extra meat Peter brought I couldn't finish it all, which is saying something.  With great service and reasonable prices I will be back.
2	go to mac's or lancasters! i had very high hopes for this place... couldent wait for it to open and try it out. ordered it to go. got home and half the order was missing, and very small portions. high priced for what it is. they were out of a few items also, so before  you get your heart set on something call! they do have an awesome beer menu. cant comment on the ambience because i got it to go.
4	Best brisket in Charlotte hands down. Also loved the mustard sauce I prefer that on my pork. Sausage is good, sweet  corn is there best side. Wasn't impressed with the prime rib.
4	for memorial day i realized i did not have any barbecues or anything to go to, so i figured i would go to this place with the boyfriend who hates most places that we eat at in charlotte. but he didnt hate this place. this is why:1. bacon wrapped jalapenos. you can get them as an appetizer or as a side.2. dollar beer, or two dollar beer. he likes beer. i dont drink alcohol, im also not mormon, but i mean, that sounds super cheap so thats a good thing. apparently other drinks are expensive but what the hell do i know about drink prices? 3. the super awesome food! which we both agree on. the special was a brisket sandwich and it was extremely good. other reasons why you should eat here: good service, nice people, they have coke and not pepsi (this is crucial people), it is relatively cheap and there are large portions. there is an outdoor area and on a really hot day the inside was nice and cool. the mac and cheese was very delicious as well! eat here. my boyfriend ate here and said he liked it and so in regular people terms that must mean its phenomenal.
1	Worst BBQ place in Charlotte. Went on Sunday night. Because of the reviews and I love BBQ! Partner had the Fried bologna sandwich. She liked, it of course it was hard to screw that up. I had the small pork plate with Eastern NC Sauce. BBQ was awful and the plate came out swimming in grease, had the side of Mac and that was not good at all. I know good BBQ as I came from Eastern NC and this WAS NOT good BBQ at all. Mac's Speed Shop is SO Much better. Mananger really didn't care if we liked the food or not. I love Plaza Midwood but this restaurant will be crossed off the list.!!!
4	Well, color me impressed. Midwood Smokehouse was really, really good! It's sitting at a 4.5 stars for me right now, but I imagine it will jump to 5 in no time. Not that I'm surprised, frankly...because Frank Scibelli seems to have the magical touch when it comes to delicious and well-formulated restos in Charlotte. It's a great location (parking can be tricky) with wonderful, friendly service and tons of tasty items on the menu. Here are just a few things I tasted...1) Pork platter: 4.5/5: Succulent, tender and delightful. This pork platter rivals Mac's, in my opinion. The meat is very smokey - due to the fabulous smoker they purchased for this establishment. But it's a good kind of smoke, no Liquid Smoke here. 2) Hush puppies: 4/5: Crispy outside, soft inside and damn good. 3) Sweet potato fries: 3/5: Good fries but paled in comparison to the other decadence on the table. 4) Bacon wrapped jalapenos: 4/5: Not nearly as hot as you'd think but a really flavorful starter. Make sure you eat one that has the bacon all crisped up. No one wants sad, soggy bacon.5) Queso with barbecue: 4/5: Um, I love queso. I also love pork barbecue. Put them both together and voila! Instant amazing app. 6) Banana pudding: 5/5: Hell to the yeah. Homemade deliciousness. With vanilla wafers. This is the real deal and you must order it. I don't care how full you are. I have a big ole smokey crush on Midwood Smokehouse. Looking forward to going back and checking out the patio!
4	So, it's such a great thing to live in one of the regional barbecue meccas in the good ole USA. Unless... You're not a big fan of that regions style of cue. That's the dilemna I've found myself in for the past 9 years. Just not a huge fan of the Eastern N. Carolina, whole hog, vinegar-sauced variety that this part of NC is known for. I've handled this to date by smokin my own but that's an all day deal and sometimes you just want to plop down in a booth and have someone bring you a plate of smokey goodness and a cold PBR tall boy. Midwood Smokehouse = Problem Solved! Paid my first visit with a buddy up from FL and I'm officially a happy camper. While I've only tried what the two of us ordered and shared, it's clear the thinking caps were on tight as the concept for this joint was thought through. Bring the best of some various regional cue styles to the menu, add some well-done sides and a nice bar list with plenty of drafts, bottles, bourbons, etc. and Booyah!I had the beef brisket (love the choice of lean end, fat end or both). It was hands down the best brisket I've had since my last trip to Texas. Moist and with a great smokey flavor and yummy bark. I had slaw and mac n cheese for sides and both were well executed. My buddy Mark opted for the smoked sausage with slaw and beans. Again, they took the right road by doing a sausage based on some of the best around as found in Lockhart, TX. The service, provided this day by the cute as a button Amy, was fast and friendly.  She gladly, proudly even, brought us a sample of all 3 of the sauces to try (Vinegar-based, Mustard-based, Tomato-based).  They are all good and have their place with the variety of meats served.  Needless to say, I WILL be back.  There is so much on the menu yet to savor!
4	food is better than macs but the space isnt as cool, its actually a little tight in there.  im sure when its cooler and peeps can sit outside its better but it was hot and rainy last night and we were packed in that place like sardines.  their mac'n'cheese is better than macs, AND SO IS THEIR BRISKET, the ribs are better than most in town...  they have a very good beer selection.  GREAT hushpuppies.  great sauces and the chicken was very good as well.  dont bother ordering the wings as they are nothing special, not bad but save your stomach space for other things.  we sat right down and had a very nice server.  i will def be back frequently to try some other stuff and wanted to try the cream cheese brownie but couldnt put another thing in my mouth.  very reasonably priced as well i got the combo "well-fed" the smaller one and when they brought it out to me i thought it was the big one that i had seen on other peoples tables, for $16 it was a heck of a deal.  im still going to hit macs up as its good and right down the street from me but this place may have the edge on the bbq hotspots in town...for now
2	As a fan of all things BBQ and a resident of the Elizabeth neighborhood, I was thrilled with Midwood opened. I wish my enthusiasm for the the place could have been maintained following my 3 meals there.The food is on point over all. My only real beef is with the BBQ beans which lack the sweetness and bacony flavor that I expect with BBQ beans. There's are mushy and taste too much of green and red pepper for me. The 'cue is solid from the sandwich to the brisket, to the chicken. Why only 2 stars then? Well, the easiest answer is the service is borderline terrible. While generally friendly enough, they tend to disappear for unacceptably long periods of time and when they do return to grace you with their presence they have usually forgotten something you requested, like a drink refill, or have delivered the wrong food. If you are gonna charge $8.00 for a chopped sandwich I don't think its unreasonable on my part to expect a consistent service to go along with it. If you ask me, they seem all too aware of their owner and his other success and are resting on their laurels a little bit too soon.
3	I would say over all our lunch experience was just was okay.  Midwood Smokehouse smells great, but you leave smelling like smoked meat all day.Service was outstanding--and that is a big plus for us. The food was pretty good/okay, certainly not what I expected.  I had the  BBQ sandwich, it was nothing special.  you can certainly find better BBQ in Charlotte -- no matter your "style" preference. As a side, I had the bacon wrapped jalapenos,  definitely the highlight of my Midwood Smokehouse experience.  My husband had the fried bologna sandwich with the smoked veggies.  The smoked veggies had no taste of veggies and only tasted of smoke.  He was not a fan of his sandwich, because the cheese overtook the bologna.  The Midwood Smokehouse has fixed alot of the problems the former tenant had in regards to usage of space. The bar is no longer awkward and the set up is very spacious. I would go back, but will wait a while for them to come into their own.  Maybe with a little time this place can be another great eatery in Plaza-Midwood.
5	Dare I say it? Midwood Smokehouse has the best barbecue I've had inside Charlotte's city limits.I know, I know, that's not a bold claim to make, but the barbecue here is seriously good. This is four-star barbecue, my friends. The pulled pork is tender and juicy, although I think a lot of that juice comes from the vinegar sauce it's dunked in. In addition to a vinegar-based sauce, there's also a mustard-based sauce and a more traditional KC-style sauce, which are all pretty solid.But as good as the barbecue is (and, trust me, it's pretty damn good), the real stars here are in the other parts of the menu. The smokehouse veggies are as good as veggies cooked for hours in a smoker should be. The macaroni and cheese is the real stuff with the crust on top and lots of cheesy goodness. And the chopped salad? Could be one of my favorite salads in Charlotte. Tons of fresh veggies including smoked corn cut off the cob. Let me say that again. SMOKED CORN CUT OFF THE COB.But there are two things that bump this up from a four-star, solid barbecue joint review, into OH-EM-GEE, THIS IS WHAT DREAMS ARE MADE OF: The pimento cheese fries and the Kentucky Slush Puppy.The pimento cheese fries are just what you'd expect -- crinkle-cut fries smothered with melted pimento cheese, a mound of pulled pork and just enough green onion for some bite. Yes, this will give me a heart attack, but it will be worth it.And the Kentucky Slush Puppy is a grownup slurpee made with lemonade and bourbon. Yes, that's right. A bourbon slurpee. Thank you, Midwood Smokehouse.
5	I always stumbled a bit when someone would ask me about my favorite place to go for BBQ in town, but I have to say Midwood unexpectedly has given me an answer.The brisket is amazing (definitely for Charlotte, but even compared to all the Texas brisket I've consumed in my life), the mac n cheese is delish, and you can't go wrong with bacon wrapped jalaps and crispy hushpuppies. The staff steered me away from the pulled pork both times - so I went with the ribs on my second trip - pretty darn good. (I'm trying it next time, though) Lots of side options, but I remember them being a little light on the veg entree options. The Midwood bbq sauce is my current fave, but their mustard sauce is tasty as well. (I still have not come to love carolina vinegarness, so I didn't even try theirs)Decent beers on tap, lots of whiskey options, and great patio space. The staff is super friendly, though the bartenders may have asked if we were okay a handful too many times. (A little hard to eat if every 30 seconds I have to respond to the question) Pretty speedy service at lunch, looking forward to returning.
3	Tried this place for the first time for Sunday Brunch with friends who had also never been. The service was great and our waiter was attentive and funny.  However, we opted to sit outside in the blazing hot sun...over sitting inside and smelling like you stood over a grill all day.  Ventilation would be nice.I will start with the drinks:  They were out of Bloody Mary mix, which normally would have made me angry, but we opted for a Smoke This, which was excellent.  Smoked ice is something that one ought to try.As for the food, we all ordered something different, a Cuban sandwich, the smoked chicken taco special, the pulled pork and I had the brisket.  Everything got good reviews but no one was overly enthusiastic.  I however, found the brisket to be the best that I've had in Charlotte so far, but thought the bacon wrapped jalapenos were something I could have easily made at home.  My parting thought is that we'll be back, since we live in the 'hood and that the brown sugared bacon is pretty much meat candy...and it's fantastic.
5	My husband and his work peeps always went to downtown Charlotte..well, now that I've shown them Midwood Smokehouse...they won't be going downtown for a while! Love the atmosphere, decor and ambiance of the place; the owner came by to check on us. Entire staff was so friendly! Every bite we had was great, thanks Yelpers! The waitress improvised a "little bit of everything" platter for the 3 of us, and I have to say I loved the mac n chz, coleslaw and all of the meats. The brisket was a bit more fatty than I am used to here in Texas, but the flavor was wonderful. I am not a sausage person, but those bacon wrapped jalapenos stuffed with "conglomerate meat", as I call it..were very good! Fried pickles hot and crispy; perfect partner for a drink! The men had beer, but I had a special "Tea" they made (its on the drink menu), and loved it. We will Definitely be back to Midwood Smokehouse and enjoyed sitting outdoors. This entire neighborhood is full of cool bars and places to eat.!
2	Doesn't compare to Mac's Speed Shop.  My first visit went well, a lazy Sunday afternoon with a couple buddies when they weren't too busy.  The menu looks really good but the pulled pork I ordered didn't stand up to Mac's.  My buddy liked it better than Mac's, but I think he's biased since he lives 2 miles from Midwood Smokehouse (to be honest, I live 2 miles away from Mac's).My second visit was a complete disaster.  Originally planned to go to Mac's this past Friday (Jun 24) with 5 out-of-town buddies plus 2 others, and got talked into changing to Midwood Smokehouse (same buddy as above).  While their menu states they may run out of bbq from time to time (never seen a restaurant advertise running out of food before, but whatever), they were out of pulled pork bbq on Friday night at 8:00, and also out of bacon wrapped jalepenos (gotta love the south, they wrap everything in bacon).I ordered a rack of ribs to compare to Mac's and they tasted like they were cooked in the oven as they had zero smoke flavor.  The bbq sauce didn't help at all, too bland.  The waiter hooked us up with wings since they were out of pork bbq and the wings were supposedly smoked but had zero flavor.  No rub, no sauce, no nothin.  The mac & cheese however was very good (close to Mac's).I tried my buddy's sausage and it was dry and tasted like cardboard.  Midwood Smokehouse has been open for only 2 months, hopefully they step up their game!
5	Again can't eave enough about how great this place is .... Great customer service on a busy Saturday night the owner stopped by to make sure we had everything we needed.... Food spectacular I will be spreading the word...Great BBQ has arrived in CLT.......
4	I've been hearing a lot about this joint and managed to make it out for lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  I arrived just a little after noon and was able to park in the lot directly in front of the restaurant.  While there were a bunch of open tables outside, there was only two tables open inside.  I was able to snag an inside table (it's much easier reading a newspaper at a table as opposed to the bar) and began perusing the menu.Jennifer came out to take my drink order and when she returned, I peppered her with questions about the menu.  Among other things, I discovered that there is more meat on the small plate, than there is on the sandwich.  I decided to go with the small plate with mac and cheese and the creamed corn as the sides. Food was out in less than ten minutes.  The pork was wonderfully smokey and came with a small side of sauce (eastern-style).  On appearance, the hushpuppies looked more like tater tots.  Not that there's anything wrong with that, but.....it gave the impression that they were pre-fab.  They were almost too perfect.  And I have to admit that I wasn't a big fan of the mac and cheese.  It was not creamy enough for my liking.  With all that said, the creamed corn was outta sight!  There was a strong black pepper taste which I loved.Service was fantastic.  When Jennifer found out that I didn't like the mac and cheese, she offered something else.  She was apologetic and returned within a minute with a side of the red slaw (which was terrific, by the way).  She was quick to refill my beverage and was very helpful answering my questions.As has been mentioned earler, the cost is a little on the high side, but it was a lot of food, and I think it's worth it.  I will definitely be back for more!
5	Solid BBQ with multiple sauces - check.  Good service - check.  Fair market prices - check.  Generous portion size - check.  Fairly crowded (so you know it's good) on a weekday for lunch, but not too crowded for a long wait - check.  Parking adequate - check.  Eyes bigger than my stomach - check.  What's not to like?Pimento cheese fries.  Bacon wrapped jalepenos.  Huge salads you can fix up with BBQ chicken/pork/etc.I still love Mac's Speed Shop, as well, but Midwood Smokehouse provides an alternative closer to Dilworth (location of my employer).  I'm not sure a city can have too much high-end BBQ.Not only is it in the rotation, I'm putting it near the top.
5	We were driving down Central Ave last night, looking for someplace to eat.  We figured we'd go to one of the places we've already been, when we spotted the Midwood Smokehouse.   It looked nice on the outside and there seemed to be people milling about, so we figured it must be good.  There was a 20-minute wait, so we sidled up to the bar for a drink.  During our stint at the bar, some stools opened up, so we sat down and were invited to dine there as well by the bartender.  Rather than wait longer and, since the restaurant was pretty much a bar atmosphere overall, we decided to go ahead and stay put.I didn't really want an appetizer, but the bacon-wrapped jalapenos sounded delish!  That's when I noticed that they're available as a side item.  Woo hoo -- SOLD!  I ordered the small-sized version of the Carolina Pork plate (with vinegar-y BBQ sauce) and the jalapenos as my side.  Out came this big pile of shredded pork.  The sauce was served in a small ramekin on the side, which really isn't enough.  Be sure to request 2 or 3!   On the side were my jalapenos wrapped in bacon.  SO yummy!  And, actually, not very spicy.  The hush puppies that also came with the plate were delicious, too.  I really liked Midwood Smokehouse (possibly even more than -- dare I say it?)  Mac's Speed Shop.  They have great food, great prices (on food and drink), and a great atmosphere -- both indoors and out!  The bartender (sorry--I'm not good with names!) was super friendly and efficient, too.
5	Second visit and it was every bit as good as the first.  Went with my wife and our neighbor and had another meal of excellent barbecue, cold drinks and on point service.This time I opted for a combo platter which I believe was a new option on the menu.  Four meats and two sides served in either a "Well Fed" or "Pig Out" portion.  Trust me, the well fed version is PLENTY!  Got pulled pork, St. Louis style ribs and double beef brisket since they were out of the smoked sausage.  It was all wonderful.  Smokey, moist with nice bark on the pork and the brisket.  The ribs were fall off the bone and just delicious.  It really is a lot of food.  Ended up taking some of all of it home so, I can't imagine what the pig out portion is like.  My wife and friend split the large pulled chicken plate and again, way more than they could eat.  The chicken is moist and served mixed up with the Smokehouse's slightly sweet mustard sauce.  For sides we shared fries, coleslaw and creamed corn and they were all delish as well.I had a couple $1.50 PBR drafts and the girls had margaritas which they dubbed, "best I've had in a long while".  It will be doubtful I will get my wife to any other barbecue place after this experience as she dubbed it, best barbecue she's had since we moved to Charlotte in 2002.
5	HOLY HELL was this place good!   Now, I'm a guy born and raised in the deep South and I know my BBQ.   Midwood Smokehouse was RIGHT ON!  For my first visit to this place, I had to try the pulled pork plate.  I got a little of all 4 sauces to see which was my favorite.   All of 'em were good.  Mac and Chz and Collards were excellent too.  Lots and lots of Flavor.Service was quick and efficient (although we went on a Monday...so things were at a little slower pace).  I most definitely recommend this restaurant for people who love BBQ.  I'm so glad they set up shop in my hood.  I'll be back....of that you can be sure!
4	This place is SO good. Mac's no longer is on my list.  For BBQ and an atmosphere, come here.  First, the prices are better than Mac's, WAY better.  And you get just as much food.  Plus, the food was actually better in my opinion.  Being raised on the NC Coast, GOOD eastern bbq is hard to find if at all in CLT,  but they have it and it's great.The service was great and the food is really good. We went on a busy Saturday night and our plates came out quickly. Mac & Cheese, Brisket and the Banana Pudding were the top-hitters for me that night.
5	Wow.... had no idea this place existed. Was over visiting some friends in Plaza Midwood, and they said we just had to Try this place. Ended up ordering the Chicken BBQ Plate with hushpuppies and Mac n Cheese. OMG the South Carolina Mustard Sauce they use is like freaking CRACK.... it was amazing. The hushpuppies were just okay, but the Mac n Cheese was awesome!!! I ordered the small plate but it was a perfect meal. I am huge Jim n Nicks and Mac's Fan, but this place sorta has them beat in my mind at the moment. The prices were also Great!!! Definitely recommend checking them out if you haven't yet!!!
5	I haven't reviewed the New Smokehouse yet? What a bad yelper I have become. I originally went open weekend and was blown out of the water. Solid BBQ here! Go for the Brisket and Beer Specials! So I've been twice, and if I cared not about my waste line it would probably be more. First of all you gotta start with the pimento cheese fries, why? two words: pulled pork. Yes they hook it up. I am actually really embarrassed that I ordered them because I am not a fry person. The roommate wanted them so I ordered them. A Must have!As far as BBQ goes it is all smoked to perfection, unlike the other "M" place. Brisket is the best hands down, then ribs, chicken, pulled pork. It really is all good and the sauces aren't something you really need. The meat has such good flavor without it, but you know the mustard sauce is bang'n. Midwood has solid sides as well, tried them all.I have never had a bad server and that bartender that looks like an all-growned-up Bobby Hill is so sweet! Great people all around. See you soon!
2	Let me start my review by saying that I really wanted to like this place. The two star rating I gave it has NOTHING to do with the food and EVERYTHING to do with the lunch manager.    So we ordered lunch today for take-out. The girl who answered the phone and took my order was very nice & very well spoken...good start, right? My boyfriend went to pick up our very un-complicated order (a combo platter & the BBQ Queso appetizer) and commented that he liked it and that it looked like a place we may want to hang out sometime...another plus!   So anyway, we got out our plates & prepared to get down to business when I discovered that the BBQ Queso had been left out. DAMN! OK, so no big deal, people make mistakes. I picked up the phone to call them & let them know so they could have it ready for us to run over and pick it up. We were so excited about how good the other food looked that I actually didn't mind the idea of driving up there to get it myself. This is the part where they dropped the ball...   A nice girl named Sarah picked up the phone & I gave her the details. She asked me to please hold while she checked on it. A minute or two later, a man named Jim (I think) came to the phone and said very rudely "Can I help you?" I proceeded to fill him in on the situation and mid-sentence he interrupted me and said "Umm yeah...we haven't sold any BBQ Queso today for take-out. So what is it you want me to do for you?"   OK, so at this point I'm annoyed. I asked him to check our ticket & see if we had paid for it. He responded: "Yeah. I did that. Like I said, we haven't sold any of that for take-out today. Listen, we're in the middle of a busy lunch right now, so why don't you give me your number & I'll call you back later to figure out how to make this right for you." Despite the fact that BBQ Queso wouldn't really do my any good hours AFTER we had our meal, I gave him my number & decided to give him a chance to fix it. We ate the food that we did actually get and it was the bomb. Seriously, very very good! (the silver lining)   Anyway, he never called back. I'm sure he had no intentions of calling back. Which got me thinking...this guy basically told me that he was too busy doing his job to DO HIS JOB. Its obviously his responsibility to manage the place & with that comes the task of resolving mistakes made by his staff. Hell, IMHO he should have offered to send someone over with it. Maybe Mr. Scibelli should consider giving the management position to someone more like Sarah, who knows how to speak to her customers respectfully. The food was great-- but my experience with the rude manager pretty much killed it for me.
5	I hate bbq everything. except mcd's bbq sauce on my fries. Midwood blew me away, I tried things I never thought I would and loved them. Our waitress was super friendly. Definitely check it out!
4	Midwood was awesome!! I had the beef brisket with smoked vegetables...I'm not a barbeque fan but I really enjoyed it. Service was great
5	Mmmmmmmmmmm good! Edges out Macs (also a fav). We've been here 3 times now and each time was fan-tas-tic!
5	Midwood smokehouse is a welcomed new addition to the neighborhood.  They have awesome beer specials every day during the week that go great with whatever 'cue you order.  I had the Texas style brisket yesterday and it was to die for.  No knife necessary, most tender brisket I've ever eaten at a barbecue joint.  The bacon wrapped jalepenos are delicious.  The first time I had them they were very spicy ad second time not as much. (I preferred the spicier version).  Smoked vegetable special was divine--portabellas, squash, onion, and more cooked in their custom made smoker to perfection.  The smoke flavor brought out the meatiness in the fresh veggies without overwhelming them.  Will definitely be visiting Midwood Smokehouse regularly.  Brisket is a must.
5	Looking for a new place to eat last Thursday, my team at work and I stumbled upon this new place on Central Avenue. First piece of advice: get there before Noon if you want to find a seat. This place is small and fills up quickly! Parking was a little tricky as well!Second piece of advice: If there's a wait for a table, grab a bar stool and let Karen take care of you! If she makes cocktails half as good as she makes recommendations and serves food, then she's the best bartender in town! She was funny, accommodating and quick to help us make our choices from the very expansive menu of yummy southern barbeque menu items.Enough about the atmosphere...let's talk food! We started with the queso. I think it's the first queso I've ever ordered with barbeque. You had your choice of beef or pork. We went with the beef. A great way to start the meal! One of my friends got the Chicken Salad sandwich with sweet potato fries. The sandwich was so large, she took half home for a great dinner. My other friend got the beef brisket. She fancies herself a brisket expert and she gave this two greasy thumbs up! Her side of choice was the mac-n-cheese which she said tasted like a cheese dream!Everything looked so good, I had to just close my eyes and point. I got the pork sandwich with a side of creamed corn. The corn was gone quickly because it was sweet and tasty with a bite of peppery that would slip up on you at the end of each bite. As I didn't want to make a total fool of myself by drinking the creamy goodness, my friend offered me one of her hushpuppies which I baptized in the creamed corn cup in the name of the Beef, and the Pork and the Chicken! We got dessert to go and snuck into my office at 3 p.m. to delight in the Pecan Cobbler and Banana Pudding. The cobbler was yummy, a little like Derby Pie if you're familiar with that. I'm not that big of a fan of Banana Pudding, but this was probably the best I've ever eaten. A large dose of vanilla made this less on the banana side and more just yummy pudding, but I didn't complain and the three of us had enough dessert to taste test on two different occasions. The only complaint I have about Midwood Smokehouse? That it's way too small and too far away from my house in South Charlotte! I hope they expand soon and in my direction!
4	I had a good experience at Midwood I just wasn't all that crazy about the food. It was good just not great. The menu was enticing and I'd like to come back and try a few other items.  I liked the atmosphere and the service was good - I snagged a picnic table outside and really enjoyed my dollar beers. The queso was ok a little heavy but comes in a large portion and could feed quite a few people.
4	Great bbq just outside the city.  Great atmosphere but they have very limited table seating and parties of 5 or more can only sit at the high top tables. (at least that's what we were told)I've dined at countless bbq restaurants and have made great bbq for 15 years and every place is different.  I will tell you this about Midwood:  it is true SMOKEY bbq.  If you like your bbq on the sweeter side and not as smokey, this place is NOT for you.  Personally, I appreciate most styles and tend to make my own this same way so I found it pretty tasty.  The Cuban sandwich was great also as were the sides.
4	Midwood Smokehouse is a real smokehouse. With smoke. The place isn't huge, I'd say it seats around 50 with the bar. But that's just perfect for me when it comes to BBQ. I stopped in for lunch on a Saturday and by 12:15, there were just six seats at the bar left open. I started off with a regional craft beer, MW serves a good amount of regional stuff along with 1.50 PBR drafts on Saturday. Be sure to look at the board behind the bar for drink and food specials and if anything is 86'd. I went with the brisket sandwich special w/ bleu cheese and red onions. I got a side of mac n cheese with it for 8 bucks. The sandwich comes on texas toast and is loaded up rather nicely. While I've had better brisket in Kansas City, I'm tipping my hat to Midwood on what looks to be a winning combination for a long time to come. I'll be back to visit the food and friendly bar staff again!
4	So, I don't love bbq maybe as much as I should.  It's good, don't get me wrong...but that much meat at once just isn't my thing.  That being said, if you do love bbq this place is 5 stars for sure!We went a few weeks ago and after a short wait were seated.  My husband and our friend each ordered a beer that was reasonably priced, I stuck to soda.  We then promptly ordered the pimento cheese fries as an appetizer because we're fat kids and they sounded delicious.  They arrived and bonus! were topped with delicious pulled pork.  I could have eaten just this as my dinner.We chose some sort of meat and sides extravaganza that was more than enough for 3.  We chose the bacon wrapped jalapenos and mac and cheese as sides, both were excellent.  The meats were great too and the mustard based bbq sauce was by far my favorite.If you're in plaza midwood and craving bbq, definitely make a stop here!
3	I will definitely say that I am a fan of the place, but a lot of that has to do with the fact that they are close by - certainly much closer than Bill Spoon's or McKoy's, and definitely closer than Bubba's.  But does that mean that they are the best?  I am not going to go that far at this point.The crowd can be a bit nuts.  Even outside of your normal dining "rush hour".  The good news is that it moves pretty quickly.  We waited 10-15 minutes for a table for four.  What really causes issues is that the service is a bit slow.  If that would pick up, it would probably move a bit faster still (even though it is not really that bad).When you talk about the food, you naturally talk about the meat, since that is their specialty, right?  While it is good, it is not great.  There are some interesting dishes here, like the queso with barbecue.  Unfortunately, it is a plate of melted cheese and some small flecks of meat thrown on top.  Very disappointing.  Would have been so much better if it was all mixed together.When you get to your entree, things look up - but ultimately it is again not stellar.  Looks like I will be making a drive after all.
3	I have been to Midwood 4 times so far and the previous three experiences have been excellent.  Unfortunately, I went  last night with a table of four and the service was not up to par.  We elected to sit outside instead of wait on a table inside.  We ended up waiting anyway because no one greeted us for 15 minutes.  As a server I understand sometimes when its busy you may be unaware that you have been sat so I went inside to inform the hostess we had yet to be greeted.  Our server (Jessica, I believe) then showed up and took drink orders.  I asked if there were any specials and she said no.  (I found out as I left that there were $5 vodka drinks on special.)  After she tried to push appetizers we ordered our meals.  A food runner brought them out to us and my order was wrong.  He walked away while another runner brought out the second two orders which were correct.  My order was brought back out and the runner claimed the correct side item would follow.  Another side was brought but it too was wrong and he left so quickly I was unable to tell him so.  The entire time our server did not check on us once.  My boyfriend had to leave the table, track her down and ask again for the correct side along with some extra sauce (she did not ask what sauce he wanted with his pulled pork to begin with.)   When she finally returned with the correct items (without a single apology) I was nearly done with my main dish.Don't get me wrong; I don't expect a barbecue place to be fine dining.  However I do expect prompt, courteous service in any restaurant and unfortunately, this time around I did not get either.  I will return though;  that pulled pork is too good to pass up!  Hopefully next time the service will match their food.
5	The reviews for this place sounded so good and I did not realize where it was until the other night.  Right across the street from the Family Dollar Store where Bistro Le Bon is.  Today for lunch - (I did not eat it all).  The small Combo platter was: Chopped Pork, St. Louis Style Ribs, Sausage, Beef Brisket, Hush Puppies, Pickled Onions and two sides - I chose the Jalapenos stuffed with Cheese, wrapped with bacon and BBQ Slaw.  In addition I ordered: Fried Pickles, Sweet Potato Fries, Brown Sugar Bacon (only two slices) and for Dessert the Peanut Butter Cup (a minimum of 700 calories a meal in itself)!One at a time:  Two very excellent BBQ sauces, One sweeter Tomato Based 4.5 yelp stars.  The second a vinegar based sauce 4.85 stars.The Meats: NICE Smokey Flavor!!! The Beef Brisket (I needed a knife and not a sharp one and only barely - this brisket was Tender)! Good flavor on its own!  With the vinegar very good 4 stars.  St. Louis Cut Ribs 4.25 yelp stars.  The Sausage was better than many and better than most I've had lately 3.25 stars.  The Chopped Pork  Fantastic 5 stars.  The Brown Sugar Bacon 3.75 stars.Extras:  The Fried Pickles are a Winner!!!  Thin sliced perfect batter (light and Thin) perfectly cooked an Easy 5 yelp stars and I ate these with no dressing!  They needed nothing the flavor was perfect!  Sweet Potato Fries another winner 5 yelp stars with ease.  The BBQ slaw was good, no mayo, very simple, I added the vinegar BBQ sauce to it so it rates a 3.95 stars.  Stuffed Jalapenos wrapped in Bacon 3.85 stars.The Hush Puppies and Pickled Onions were throw away items (throw them away!) and NOT factored in to my review rating and that is a good thing for the restaurant!The Dessert was good (I ate the whole thing) though I would not order it again because I'm very picky - This Dessert will not make my "Dessert" list at 3.6 stars!  Yes I took photos!  Happy Dinning!The Roof Top dinning area looks real cool so I'll be back for the Cuban Sandwich and see how it stacks up with Carlos Cafe.
5	They had the best brisket I've ever tasted (my date went back for thirds). A delicious peppery crust - heavenly texture and robust smokey flavor.There bacon wrapped jalapenos are genius! Great pulled pork and super-friendly folks who truly had a passion for what they were doing. The true danger is that it is walking distance...
1	I really wanted to like Midwood Smokehouse.  It's right down the road, they have good beer specials & I'm a big fan of bbq.  But the quality is just not there.  I liked the cuban sandwich, it wasn't amazing but it was certainly tasty & the mac & cheese is pretty decent,  but everything else there I've had has been seriously lacking.  I ordered a BBQ plate the second time we went there & the bbq was completely dry & their sauce did nothing to help it.  The third time I had a bbq sandwich & ended up with food poisoning.  A word of warning, the bacon jalapenos are no joke, they are absurdly spicy, too spicy for me even.
4	Having reintroduced pork into my diet, I couldn't wait to try out Midwood Smokehouse. A couple of friends and I went over there on a Saturday night, and due to the lovely weather which allowed the patios (yes, there are two - one upstairs and one downstairs) to be open, we only had a 15 minute wait. We sat at the bar and discussed the food options with the bar tender. By the time we sat down we were all ready to order.We started with a basket of hush puppies because this is a BBQ joint - you have to start with hush puppies. And they did not disappoint. Dipped in the delicious BBQ sauce with a nice outside crunch and soft interior. Delish. I ordered the small pork platter with mac-and-cheese (once again because it's a BBQ joint and you've got to have some mac-and-cheese). Good thing I ordered the small! There was enough food on my plate to feed at least two, possibly three, people. And more hush puppies on the side. The pork was so delicious with the spicy BBQ sauce that I barely tapped into the mac-and-cheese and didn't even touch the extra hush puppies. Service was quick and efficient, and we never got to the bottom of our drink glasses. Parking can be a bit tricky as the lot is small and the place seems to always be hopping, but that will not deter me. I will definitely be back for more, Midwood. And soon.
4	BBQ joints come in all sorts of technicolor glory, from the creaky houses of yore, where you leave smelling like you're wearing SIde of Beef cologne with a sprinkle of sauce for good measure, to the newer, more refined varieties, each with their own specialty, from which they dare not stray. These are not issues for Midwood Smokehouse, which does a variety of items on it's menu very, very well (thankyouverymuch), and they're delighted if you'd like another, come to mention it. And more of the good stuff is the attitude you'd best enter with in this wonderland of juicy cuts. At this sitting, I swooped in after the South Carolina mustard sauce with some brown sugar bacon (natch) on the back end. And if you're after some stand-up brisket, these guys do that pretty well too. They brought some slabs out that would stand up to the stoutest Texan brought up on beef BBQ. In all, they do a brisk biz here and I though I was a shade concerned by the corner strip center space, I needn't be. These guys had all the bases covered (except, oddly, for root beer, which may not mean much to locals but is sometimes a staple of BBQ joints I've hit. The waitress responded to its suggestion like it was a pleasant surprise). In the end, there was so much good stuff going down here that I couldn't tackle all of it. But these are the fun challenges you best savor again and again, like I'm sure I will.
5	My initial visit to Midwood Smokehouse was shortly after they opened.  We were extremely excited to have a legit BBQ place open in the neighborhood and were eager to try it.  We loved the smoked meat and were not pleased with the sides.I have since been back recently and they have not been stagnant, instead they have improved a lot of things.  The smoked meet is still great and the sides have vastly improved.  Being a Mac n Cheese fan, their's is definitely up there.The most recent visit I had one of the most delicious sandwiches ever.  It was a burger made from ground smoked brisket, topped with pepper jack cheese and a healthy serving of pulled pork.  I actually can't stop thinking about how good it was.
3	UPDATE: The next day, Jim called me back and left a message saying that he wanted to talk and that he saw my review on yelp. Then the next day, one of the owners also called me to discuss the bad experience. When I returned her call, she was incredibly considerate and very apologetic for the way things went. I really appreciated the extra effort she made and will absolutely give Midwood Smokehouse another shot. After all, the food WAS really great.
5	Great 'Cue + Ambiance + Killer Service = Feeling REAAAL Good. (Bloated, but real good bloated!)After spending 3 years living in the Kansas City, eating some of the BEST BBQ in the country, it's pretty hard to stack up to a Gates or Jack Stack's (5 Stars IMO) but the service and ambiance really bump this place up to 5 stars for me. My husband and I went here for lunch on a Saturday, when it was packed. Even so, we were seated quickly, and had our unsweetened iced teas on the table within 2 minutes.  Our server gave us some recommendations-- but I would have liked if she "sold" some of her favorites better.  (The chicken salad is good...the chili is our special of the day...I like the mustard sauce.) What our server did do, was offer us options.  My husband wanted a pork and brisket sandwich, but since it wasn't on the menu, our server said he could get the brisket, and add a $3 side of pulled pork, and she'd give us a buttered bun.  Our server recommended the chicken salad so I got that on lettuce leaves, roasted corn, tomatoes, red onion, cheese and orange honey mustard on the side.  The chicken salad is good, no doubt, but didn't have the smoky flavor I was hoping for.  If this wasn't at a BBQ joint, it would be A+. When our server learned we were 1st timers, she brought us samples of each of the house sauces.  A mustard based one (sweet and thick, really nice), a hot and spicy tomato-based, a regular tomato-base and a Carolina vinegar based.) Alongside were 4 hushpuppies for dipping.  We appreciated this and were able to decide which one we wanted with our meats. The real star...Frank, the owner came over to us, and we started chatting.  When he learned we were first timers at his restaurant, and that we were from KC, immediately offered to bring us two of his ribs to try.  He explained how he smokes his meats everyday, (unlike Mac's Speedshop, where the meat is smoked somewhere else and then brought in...I was not surprised) and only used hickory wood to smoke.  The ribs were tender and fell off the bone.  The outside is extra seasoned and some would say salty, but to me, it was perfect.  All that spice and salt permeated the outside and helped seal in the juices of the meat.  Tender, moist...didn't need sauce. My macaroni and cheese side was good-- as were the sweet potato fries. The BRISKET was unreal.  You can pick lean, fatty, or both, and I recommend getting the "both" option. Tender, juicy, nice browned bits from the outside. LOVE. Note: They have crushed ice here-- bonus!$2 small banana pudding super creamy-- wafer cookies IN the pudding and on top.  NOT YELLOW. Delish. Overall, the casual, but rich, warm interior and mirrored bar area really made us feel welcome.  Nice patio area too. Lots of drink specials daily. Looking forward to going back!
2	First I have to admit that I often find the idea of eating ribs more exciting that the actual experience but that's me. I felt that I HAD to eat some ribs now that I live in NC, right? This place was a drive but seeing the reviews it seemed like the best choice. Comfy hang out, good selection of beer, that's good. The bacon wrapped jalapenos were great, the smoked chicken and the mac and cheese were good but it was all downhill from there. I had the $19 combo platter. The St Louis ribs tasted real good but they were dry. The pulled pork was dry too, which is unforgivable! Amend that even the cole slaw was dry, the worst slaw I ever had. The smoked sausage tasted funky to me and the Texas brisket was non descript and none too tender either.Woopy-doo, if this is Charlotte's finest no more bbq for me
3	I'm not a carnivore who likes to eat in mass quantities btw but this place isn't half bad. I ordered the sausage plate and picked from my man's beef brisket -- good stuff. We finished the plate with no problems. The small plate was perfect . . . scared to see what the large is. The collard greens were not bad either. The little tater tott things were tastey.
5	This is how brisket is supposed to be. Tender, flavorful, everything just right. I've had some great BBQ in my life but the brisket here puts them all to shame.  I enjoyed just about everything I tried from the mac & cheese to the hush puppies.  About the only thing I wasn't crazy about was the sausage. It was good, but not great.  Excellent service, decent prices. I'll definitely be back.
4	Midwood Smokehouse was good! I went there with two friends a few Fridays ago. We ordered fried pickles and a wing special for appetizer. We also ordered bourbon slush (not quite sure of the name) drinks. OMG drinks were so delicious! I didn't try the wings, but the fried pickles were good.For dinner I had the brisket (I ordered 'both' - fatty and lean). Brisket was SO good. My friends ordered the BBQ chicken and the pulled pork. The pork was a bit disappointing, not sure if it was the sauce we didn't like but it just tasted a little off. The chicken was good, but the real standout was the brisket - I'd definitely recommend that. We wanted to try to the banana pudding but we were so full after all of the food. So, we will have to return for some pudding and ribs!
3	Got the Carolina pork with spicy BBQ. Liked it to the point where i would eat it again, but not enough to land it on my short list of eating destinations. i was really looking forward to the bacon jalapenos but they turned out to be not as great as i imagined. Mine actually weren't spicy at all. i actually enjoyed the hush puppies more.The banana pudding was pretty darn good and very well priced so don't forget to order it.
5	Ok, I love this place! The staff is very engaging and friendly. The food is great. It's a different take on BBQ. Some things are so down-home good food that I don't know that it is country. Other things are a fusion of new and old. The amount of beer they have is staggering! The bartender will do an excellent job of guiding you through the maze of wonderful ales and beers they have.All in all this is a top notch restaurant.
4	If they had a 3.5 star this would be my review, I still think they're a lil' pricey/precious on their drinks, but MAN is the food good..even the salads are killer...and I thought MACS did the best beef brisket I'd ever had til I tried this brisket....seriously so tender you can cut w/some slight pressure with a fork....oddly the meat i think is not great is their BBQ itself....it tastes like its been soaking in a bottle of Liquid Smoke, just WAY WAY too smokey/pungent...i know u want smokehouse flavor but this is overkill....but everything else is really really good
3	This is a mixed feeling 3 star review because I wanted to love this place so bad after hearing everything about it. I almost want to say a real 2/12 but I guess 3 will work. First we got a warm welcome, interior is nice, cool looking bar, nice tables, overall good feel inside of the restaurant. Our server was cool, yet a bit awkward. He did his job well, but when asked questions about how some of the meat was prepped, he kinda seemed to be caught off guard.  One big thing I learned, which was a huge turnoff for me was that all pulled pork, no matter how you order it (platter, sandwich) is pulled and put right into their vinegar sauce. Yes, they will give you other sauces with it, but the vinegar still bites right through, and that is a huge turnoff for me, and 3 out of 4 of the people at my table did not order pork because of that. Otherwise, I got brisket (both lean and fatty) was excellent, sides were all good. My wife liked her mac & cheese. In laws loved their chicken sandwiches though thought they were a bit dry, alas with more sauce very good. Would I come back? yes. Would I ask more questions about how the bbq is prepped and cooked? yes. It seemed our waiter was a bit confused. But our drinks were filled all the time, and food was delivered and check on is a reasonable amount of time. So he did his job well.
4	When I pulled up outside, the scent wafting through the air convinced me that nothing that smells THAT good can possibly be that boy.  And I wasn't wrong!  Overall, this I'd rate this a strong 4.5.This place is uber-fantastic!  The first night, I ordered the beef brisket and my partner ordered the pulled pork.  Each came with a different barbecue sauce.  The brisket was so tender that I barely needed the butter knife that accompanied my fork.  Both the pork and beef had a great smoky flavor that was good even without the sauce (although it was better with just a little bit of sauce on it).  I had the macaroni and cheese, which was DIVINE!  It also had a hint of smoky cheddar flavor.  I also had the privilege of eating the brown sugar bacon.  OMG, it blew my mind!  My partner remarked that it was like "eating a pecan pie from a cooked pork belly."  It was a perfect combination of sweet and salty bacon-y goodness.  For dessert, we tried the pecan cobbler, which was so, so good - like eating a warm pecan pie.My second trip I went at lunch and had the barbecue chicken and the bacon-wrapped jalapeno bites.  They were very good and not terribly spicy, but a little more cheese stuffed inside would have been perfect.  The chicken came with a mustard sauce, which I didn't try (not a mustard fan), but I was able to get a different sauce with it on the side.  Chicken was tender and flavorful, and less smoky-tasting than their other barbecued meats.  For dessert we had the cream cheese brownie, which was large and tasty, but very light on the cream cheese.  I have to agree with others that the picked onions and hush puppies were just ok (although I'm admittedly not a fan of raw onions).  Tables are a little close together in there, but they do have some outdoor seating available.  Service was good both times, even when they started to get pretty busy.Prices are pretty reasonable - about $10 to $15 average per dinner.  Portion sizes are quite large; I had plenty to eat, but still had a lot of leftovers.  They offer some less-unhealthy options, such as a couple of different salads, steam veggies, and smoked veggies.  You can also get three side items for $7, in case you want to go that route.This is my new go-to barbecue place.  I want to try nearly everything on their menu.  If you're coming here, come hungry!
5	Smells amazing when you walk in...tons of food, and very friendly staff!I left completely stuffed, and content.Staff is awesome!
4	This place is the tits. Ive only grabbed to-go a few times so far but every time its been stellar. BBQ is awesome, mac n' cheese awesome, hush puppies awesome, bacon wrapped jalapenos almost awesome. Everyone in Charlotte is obsessed with Mac's (for some reason,i dont understand at all). but seriously, for food,  Midwood Smokehouse wins it hands down.
4	The sloppy joe was amazing although the buns leave much to be desired. The pecan cobbler was also great.  Our waitress was very pleasant.
5	Dat Brisket... good lord
5	Melt in your mouth barbecue and brisket. The mac & cheese and creamed corn are also delicious. Try everything!Also, if you like Cheerwine they serve it in glass bottles. Delicious!
4	Over the last three years, I've been to Charlotte four times. Everyone raves about the BBQ, but until my most recent trip I'd never had the pleasure of trying it. Luckily for me, a local took me to Midwood Smokehouse last month.We walked in the door and the smells from the kitchen told me we were in the right place. The smokey sweetness of BBQ made it hard to look at the menu because I really just wanted to eat.I ended up getting a pulled pork sandwich and some sides. Good, tasty stuff. Friendly service. Prices were amazing compared to what I would've paid for back home. And, the atmosphere was low-key and nice.Go back? Sure, next time I'm in Charlotte I wouldn't mind at all. I'll suggest it.
4	Wow! Great brisket and the mac and cheese is to die for! You got to check this place out! Service was fabulous and I will sooo be conming back for more brisket!
5	Move over Mac's this is my new FAV spot for Q!  I love the location and trendy bar.  There are several huge TV's to watch the game.  There are booths, hightops and regular tables as well as a really long bar with comfy seats.  A must-get is the bacon-wrapped jalapenos!!  VERY spicy, order your beer first, but for those of us that LOVE spicy food - this is for you!  They come out tender and the bacon is crispy and the cheese is the perfect amount of 'melty'.  I had the BBQ platter which I ordered with the BBQ Baked Beans.  The Q was super-smokey.  Totally done right, with sauce on the side.  The BBQ Baked Beans were a meal in themselves!  Very rich and the addition of peppers gives it a very full savory flavor.  Next time I am definitely going to get the brisket.  My boyfriend got it and i had to pull a 'look over there!  its Pam Anderson!' to snag a bit from his plate.  YUM.  It was so tender and flavorful - not too fatty which I love.  Definitely will head back - so glad we found this spot!  We owe it all to Yelp!  Thanks guys!  :-D
5	Best BBQ in the QC!
5	This is one of my favorite bbq places in Charlotte. You must get the beef brisket - it is so tender. And I have not had a bad side there yet - really loved the creamed corn and the baked beans!!!
3	TAKE THE SALT SHAKER AWAY FROM THE CHEFI'm giving them 3 stars because the past two times I went their meat was terribly over-salted.   And I will gladly change this review if they clean up their act.The ribs, brisket and pulled pork were all so salty that the flavor of the meat and the sauces was overshadowed.   It was so salty that I left almost half my meal on the plate....and I'm a person who usually adds a lot of salt to things, so for me to find something too salty is rare- in fact this is one of the first times that's ever happened.  But it happened twice, and a few weeks apart, so this wasn't just a bad day for them.I will say that I LOVE their smoked half chicken with their mustard BBQ sauce, and I never found that item to be over-salted (though I haven't had it in a while).For sides I recommend their BBQ slaw and their baked beans.   Their collard greens are okay but nothing special.  All their other sides have failed to impress me.I do love the small amount of pickled onions that come with every meal.OH, and their hush puppies are easily the best I've ever had.Midwood Smokehouse has great potential, and I will be more than happy to give them 4 or 5 stars is they take care of the salt issue.
5	Ever since I moved to Charlotte I have been searching for amazing brisket and hadn't found it until I went to Smokehouse! I ordered the brisket plate and got sweet cream corn and baked beans as my sides. Being that I have been consistently disappointed with the brisket around here I didn't keep my expectations high when ordering but when I say I think I went to heaven within the first few bites, I am not exaggerating. It was AMAZING! It was so juicy and just fell apart. The flavor was on point and they do give you yummy dipping sauce, but I didn't even use it because the brisket was so good it didn't need it. I wish I could have had just a plate plied high with brisket upon brisket. The sides were just as good and did not disappoint. I am so happy I found this place as this will be my go to spot for now and always.The service was just as good as the food and you can tell that Smokehouse must have a good rapport because it was packed early on a Wednesday night. The owners or managers, not sure which, come by often making sure your dinning experience is going well, which I always appreciate and find very professional and caring. The place itself has a good vibe with a mix of different kinds of people and ages. I will most definitely be back often and can't wait to try everything on the menu! But most likely I will always incorporate brisket into my meal any way I can! Cheers!
4	First off if anyone thinks that Mac's speed shop is good BBQ, you don't know BBQ!! The food was amazing, Ive been looking for some good BBQ in Charlotte for a while now. Tried a whole bunch of different places and this is by far the best! The only reason it only gets 4 out of 5 stars is strictly because I have only been here once and I need to try some more of their food. I ordered the "Super Bird" let me just say one word, AMAZING!! It was so so good, I also had some brisket which again was AMAZING, fall off the bone just like it should be! You can never go wrong with fried pickles and they do it right. It is not pickles chips like most places have but actual pickle slices. What this does is make it have more pickle flavor without all of the breading which is very good.The waitstaff is friendly and very inviting. That in itself is hard to find. We had the waiter Zach and he was great. Made a bunch of good recommendations on the menu and even other restaurants in the area. A whole lotta people try BBQ and not many people can succeed and let me tell you, they go it right!
4	Great Mac and cheese. Ribs and sausages are really good as well as the brisket.
1	We will never go to this racist place again. My husband along with my son waited for over 10  minutes for someone to serve us, no one ever stopped by to even greet us. They weren't even busy, I watched a few tables get sat after us and the servers didn't waste any time going to greet them and taking their drink order. One server walked by us twice and looked at us without saying a word and she wasn't busy bc she was standing around talking to other servers who were waiting for tables. I'm sure if we weren't black they would have greeted us with a smile, but we decided to get up and leave and spend our money elsewhere. I just moved to Charlotte and clearly I don't know the rules about the white and black sides of town and clearly this is for the white people!
5	Love the food. This is my new barbecue place- sorry Mac's. Usually the side items at any place are ok, but the beans, bacon wrapped jalepenos are awesome.
4	Rick Perry and I have only one thing in common- we both think North Carolina bbq is worse than road kill. Until last Saturday. It only took 7months but we've finally found a place that would give Johnny Reb's in the LBC a run for it's money. The meat is spot on- full of smoke and PULLED not chopped up into some paste that looks as if momma bird regurgitated, lightly dressed in the classic vinegar pepper sauce. The beans/bbq slaw were excellent as was the mac n' cheese, fries were soft but ok.  Our only real complaint- the hush puppies. Although the best we've been served so far still slightly gummy (were they reheated?) and too sweet which played oddly with the onion.  Service was good, nice beer selection on tap and Cheerwine by the bottle. If we need a hit of smoke before we head back home to the land of JReb's we know where to go!
4	Went here for the first time last night (Tue).  They have 1/2 price martinis which was good because I needed me some vodka, and having it 1/2 price made it all the better!  Started with the queso with pulled pork.  I thought it was really good and the small was plentiful for 2 of us.  My other friend had the bruschetta and he seemed to enjoy it.  I went with brisket on the servers recommendation, and opted for lean with mac n cheese.  Brisket was good, but I wish I had gotten fatty, it seemed like it would have been a bit tastier.  The hushpuppies were awesome!!  I really loved them.  I liked the onions, they were nice and sweet.  Mac n cheese was okay, least favorite part of the meal.Service was good, we were seated right away since it was early.  I really liked the interior of this place and they had a great 80s music station on which I loved!  I had no issue with saltiness with any of the food and I am someone who doesn't add salt to anything so I would have noticed right away.  All in all I liked it a lot and I would not hesitate to go back, its close to home too, so yay!!
4	Always good!
5	Bacon        Wrapped.............. Jalapenos!  WOW  Besides loving the location of this place and the decor, the food is downright impressive!  I will never go to Mac's again.  Great drink specials and great prices on entrees.  This is as good as it gets in Charlotte.  The pulled pork was savory and moist-didn't even need sauce, and this is coming from the condiment queen!  I usually never order chicken because they are usually dried out, but I could really taste the smokey flavor come out-almost as much as the pulled pork.  This was my first visit and I will absolutely be returning!  My only complaint is that the mac and cheese could be more cheesy...just sayin...  still good though!
4	I really enjoy their mac & cheese, I could eat it all day. I had the fatty brisket and it is very fatty and a bit salty. I think next time I will shift to the less fatty choice. Otherwise, I enjoyed the place. I've been there about three or four times now and I will return again.
4	We decided to check this place, after the reviews .  Hubby and I shared the combination  pick 4 items and 2 sides.  St Louis ribs, pulled pork, brisket and smoked sausage with mac and cheese and bacon  jalapenos.The ribs was delish ! I could not believe how much meat was on them.  Everything was very tasty.  Our server was very good in helping us decide.Nice place !.
5	So far the best we have found in Charlotte.  Pulled pork is cooked and seasoned just right!  Don't miss the fried pickles and save room for the pecan cobbler.  Warm pecan cobbler is amazing and worth every calorie!!  Atmosphere is fun, great outdoor seating for when the weather is warm.
5	I am in love with Midwood Smokehouse! We just moved to Charlotte and after a day of moving furniture with my family and friends we were in some serious need of food. I did a quick yelp search and decided to head over and pick up food for all of the helpers! Came in and placed a large to-go order consisting mostly of pulled pork sandwiches, which everyone enjoyed. The best part was all of the different sides! I think that we were able to try most of the options but the stars were the mac-n-cheese, the bacon wrapped jalapenos and the potato salad. It was even super delicious the following day when we reheated the leftovers!!I do have to give a special thanks to the bartender who went through the bag to verify all of our food was included before we left. Had he not we would have been one sandwich short and that would not have been good! So, thanks for being so thorough! Fast forward 2 weeks, the house is all unpacked and my husband and I are craving the BBQ again. This time we decided to actually eat in. The service was top notch and the food amazing. I stuck with the pulled pork and the husband went with the special which was a brisket taco with spicy slaw (SO GOOD!!!). We were both really happy with our choices and left full, with to go cups for our iced teas. I always think this is nice, especially after a big meal like BBQ! I will def be returning and even as I'm writing this review, I'm wondering if I will be able to convince the hubs to go tonight!
4	I fell in love with the place after my ex's parents took me there because they absolutely loved the peach cobbler there. I had the ribs and they were perfect, falling off the bone and excellent BBQ sauce. My ex had the chicken sandwich and I fell in love with their mustard BBQ sauce. The only thing I didn't really like was the Mac & Cheese, I didn't like the spiral noodles it seemed like they were not fully cooked, and it lacked flavor. But all in all I will definitely go back again.
4	Decent pork, good beans, crappy hush puppies. Not a bad place if you live in the neighborhood but I wouldn't tell people to travel here.
4	Well, they were out of sweet potato fries and potato salad before the dinner rush even started (we were there at 4:45pm on a Monday night) and the ribs took darn near forever, BUT the brisket sure made up for it. Best brisket I've ever had! It was worth the other issues. I do wish they'd have done something to make up for the fact that they were out of several choices on their menu.
5	Best brisket in Charlotte - no sauce require....  but the Midwood sauce is great. And I love that the baked beans are more like chili than anything else.
5	Holy @#$%!  Mac's Speed Who/What?So THIS is what brisket is supposed to taste like! You needn't bother with the sauce on the side and be sure to get it fatty, fatty!Deeeeelicous hush-puppies but I wish they were either larger or at least got more of them. Maybe they'll substitute them for the pickled onions next time? The BBQ beans are more like a hybrid of Brunswick stew/chili and that's a good thing. This place might just have one of the best sweet teas (GREAT ICE!) in Charlotte, although I have to admit I was salivating at the thought of the nearby bar. Too bad it was lunchtime....It's tough for me to give a place 5 stars on a first visit, but this one is well-deserved.The price is a little steep for lunch but well worth it. Service was magnifico. I wish I had remembered the name of my waiter. Great guy and very knowledgeable. Lots of room inside and out, but finding a parking spot can be a bear when it's crowded.Can't wait to go back!Your pal,Walter
5	This is the best BBQ I have had in my entire life.  I will be a regular customer from this day forward.
4	I love good BBQ so I'm definitely loving Midwood Smokehouse. I've been trying to find a good brisket lately and I think the search is finally over. They actually let you choose what type of brisket you like (fatty or lean) and their BBQ sauce is spot on. My brisket was really tender and was cooked to perfection. It wasn't rubbery at all... The bacon wrapped jalepeno's are an awesome idea (of course wrap anything in bacon and I'll love it!). Their baked beans were delicious too... If you're craving some BBQ this is some of the best in the Charlotte area.
4	with a hangover and no desire to make that ridiculous trek from NoDa all the way over to southend for BBQ, my buddy Ty geniusly brought up Midwood Smokehouse.  i cannot remember what the place was before this, but that was the last time i was there.we bellied up to the bar and the quite capable barkeep, Chad, proceeded to help us.  he had just gotten done writing the special on the mirror behind the bar, and it was just what we needed.8 oz. of brisket over mashed potatoes with a side.  i had originally said that i was down for the creamed corn, but then changed my mind after seeing bacon wrapped jalepenos with cheese inside.  oh my.the brisket was succulent with fantastic flavor.  the mashed potatoes weren't too bad, but nothing crazy.  might have been a tinge of garlic to them.  the bacon wrapped jalepenos were awesome.  everything my mouth wanted and stomach needed  after a night of drinking.  about halfway done with my meal, one of the other servers said he forgot my creamed corn and brought me a cup of it.  good consistency with a tinge of cheese to it, which was a good spin i thought.my only possible complaint about the place would be that their ceilings are high and they put the televisions as much out of the way and as high as possible.  sitting at the bar, this means you are craning your neck to watch the games.being a stone's throw from the beaver and having ample outdoor seating, there will be a return trip with fairer weather coming.
5	I've been back a couple of more times and I cannot convince myself to try anything other than their delicious brisket. I did make the mistake of ordering it "both", which is both lean and fatty. Fatty is definitely the way to go. I still need to try the pork and chicken. Mac-n-Cheese is okay in my book, but I think I would rather stick to their beans as my "go-to" side (still haven't risked the indigestion that would be caused by trying the bacon-wrapped jalepenos!). I do think they're over-priced when you upgrade to a large plate, which includes 2 sides ($5 extra bucks!), but never thought to ask if you get more meat as well. (Sides cost anywhere from $2.50-$3.50 so if there's no extra meat that's something of a price-gouge).Paul is definitely the server to have. Nice guy, very sufficient, and knowledgable.Your pal,WalterP.S. My fingers still smell smokey as I typed this.
2	I guess I'm a snob, or spoiled, I'm not sure. Probably both. I don't understand what the fuss is about. First the BBQ pork my son has was good..not great, but good. I thought that mac and cheese was pasty and lacked flavor. It was warm, nit hot but tasted like glue. The hush puppy's were good, though.Now, the brisket... I'm not from Texas and love me some pork BBQ  (Lexington is the gold standard) but this brisket was weak... The "fall off the bone" tender actually was mushy. It tasted like it was boiled or steamed before it hit the smoker. It had NO smoke ring and the smoke flavor seemed to be artificial. I ordered mixed fatty and lean, as I know fatty is the way to go. It was actually greasy, not the luscious melted fat of a well smoked brisket. The "bark" was soggy and was overly salty. Again I think it had liquid smoke or smoked salt. or something. No spice or depth of flavor. Again the meat was "unnaturally" tender. steamed or boiled or maybe a "meat tenderizer" was added. A bright pink smoke ring should show on a brisket this thick, but none was apparent.Needless to say, I was disappointed, especially at $10 for a small plate (1 side).I'll give them another shot, but anyone how gives this place 3 stars or better doesn't know what they are talking about when it comes to Q! If it hadn't been or first visit I don't know if I would have given it 2 stars.Oh, yea, service was good to excellent, no complaints there.
5	Ok. I really do love this place enough to review it yet again, although I had something of a disappointment this go-round but not enough to justify a minus star.Started off with the fried pickles. They are very good but not a good idea for only 2 people to split. Because of the way they're cut and the amount you get, they tend to get soggy from being piled up and not being eaten quickly enough.I tried the BBQ chicken and was not at all impressed with the mustard sauce. The chicken came out in an odd, yellow color (duh, mustard) and a side of the sauce. I thought without the extra sauce it was bleh. The sauce on the side tasted like mustard. Just mustard. Not mustard BBQ. It was like somebody squeezed a bottle of French's into the little bowl and it was not for me.I thoroughly enjoyed my side of bacon-wrapped jalapenos, though!My son got the chicken wings and they were indeed awesome. Nice smokey flavor! Didn't even need the ranch to dip it in. He actually thought my BBQ chicken was "alright" so we switched meals midway through. (Methinks he just felt sorry for my spirit being crushed).I will have to say the quality of the service has dropped somewhat but not as bad as some of my fellow Yelpers have complained about.Your pal,Walter
5	Awesome food and awesome service. I've eaten at several BBQ joints in the area (traveling to Charlotte often these days) and this was BY FAR the best BBQ I've had. Great smoke flavor and excellent sides, they even have good wine on the menu which I appreciate.
5	Went again this past weekend and I have to recommend their salad of all things. It was packed with delicious fresh veggies (avocado, corn shaved off the cob, tomatoes, cucumber, red bell pepper etc)  and served with amazing dressing and shredded sharp cheddar...just perfect! I also had the grilled cheese with pulled pork which was pretty much delicious too! All of this was graciously served to us without a hitch during late night hours (10:30 ) making us happy and thankful! Our server was super polite and kept the drinks coming (plus they have slushy ice for their drinks woohoo!)
3	I'm a sucker for good BBQ. Of course I am - I'm a Southerner by birth and the grace of God! So I am always excited by the prospect of some good 'cue. I'm sad to say, I gotta give it 3*s 'cos it's a crazy mixed bag. Some things are incredible (this is some of the best pulled pork and mustard sauce I've had in the Queen City, and no mistake about that; the bacon-wrapped jalapenos are delicious; and the collards are downright tasty), but other things kinda... Suck, frankly (as noted by others, the service, for one - why did I have to ask MULTIPLE TIMES to have my water replenished, for example? I don't know - they weren't that crowded). And some of the menu items kinda just didn't get it done for me - the ribs, for example, were well-prepared, but I couldn't taste the ribs for the flavour of the wood in which they were smoked; the mac 'n cheese is merely middlin', and Mac's brisket is far superior. And since when does a server not offer dessert, anyhow? So, it gets a solid three: what it gets right, it gets CRAZY right. What it gets wrong, though, really puts a damper on things.
2	Poor service, extremely slow. Our waitress didn't show up until about 15 minutes in, then it took forever for her to bring the food (despite the fact the table of 4 next to us ordered from her about 10 seconds before we did, we didn't get ours (a table of 2) until a good 10 minutes after them). She even said she saw it, but then didn't bring it for another 5 minutes. Before we had gotten our entree she came by and asked if we'd like any desert. Totally clueless.Now the food. It was just ok. They got the order wrong and messed up the sauces completely. We both had the pulled pork, but neither was very pulled, more like chunked. I shouldn't need a knife to eat pulled pork, but I certainly did. It was also extremely fatty. I had huge pieces of fat and gristle. It was also way oversalted, and this is from two people who like their salt. The fried pickles were just ok, we've had better. They were too soggy. The jalapeno bacon poppers were good, but not outrageous as I was led to believe. The texture was a bit off, and the bacon wasn't crispy. The potato salad was good, as were the hushpuppies. The smoked vegetables were a bit soggy as well, not crispy as you'd expect, but they were ok.We won't be going back.
4	Frank Scibelli extends his master restaurant skills to the realm of BBQ, with his newest creation, Midwood Smokehouse.  When the weather is good, the (two) patios expand the limited amount of tables to be decently acomodating; otherwise, expect a fairly significant wait.  Once seated, prepare to stuff your face, because the food is good and the portions are plentiful.  Surprisingly, there are a fair amount of veggie options on the menu - vegetarians aren't restricted to just a veggie plate of sides, but can also order a grilled cheese or black bean burger.  Unfortunately, the macaroni & cheese scores only about a B... bummer.  But the carnivore in all of us will be pleased by the pork, chicken, brisket, ribs, or smoked turkey, and three BBQ sauces (vinegar, Texas tomato-based, and SC mustard) satisfy even the most picky eater.  Don't fill up too much though, because the pecan cobbler is not to be missed... and yes, add the ice cream.  You're welcome.
4	The beef brisket is the best I've had in Charlotte.  You can order fatty, lean or both.  I ordered a combination of the two but next time it's 'diet be damned' as I'm ordering all fatty. Oh my goodness - very tender and flavorful with a large enough portion that you'll be all but begging for a doggie bag.  Service was on point.  I'll be back!
5	Best BBQ in Charlotte -- and I've had it all! The mac and cheese is incredible, too. I love this place!
4	Great BBQ and Service.  The mustard and vinegar BBQ sauce was great.  The waiters were very friendly and talkative.  Had a great time.
4	Atmosphere:    Great outdoor seating!Price:   Very fare.Food:   Excellent!  Full of flavor. Pork was yummy! - not fatty at all. Chicken was moist and tender.  Great sauces.  Hushpuppies were perfect size - and not greasy!  BEST baked beans I have EVER had! - extra flavor with the additional spices and peppers.Portions:    Generous.Location:   Convenient, yet parking can be tricky.Service:     Friendly, fast and courteous.
5	Had CJ as a waiter. He was great and helpful. The BBQ was smoky with great bark. Sides and sauces were unreal. Will be back each time we come to Charlotte.
5	So me and my friend are BBQ lovers and we wanted to try out this place.  First off, finding the place was a little tricky and the parking can be a hassle as well. We went on a Friday night and it was not too crowded. We sat at the bar area because we did not want to wait for a table and the aroma was making me hungry!We ordered the fried pickles and the smoked wings for an appetizer. The fried pickles were good. Not the best in Charlotte, but good. The smoked wings however were great and had some flavor to them. We got a combo platter to share because we wanted to try everything. We got the smoked turkey, pork ribs, pulled pork, and the brisket with 2 sides. The sides we got were the mac n cheese and fries. OMG!!! Everything on that plate was fantastic and we had no complaints at all. I can't speak for her, but I know I will be coming back here again. Especially for those yummy flavorful ribs!!!
4	I've now been to Midwood Smokehouse three times, and the more I go, the more I like this place.The first time I went here, it was during the middle of the week one day last summer, a little before noon.  I ordered the ribs and was not impressed.  They were full of smoky flavor, but they were tough and definitely NOT "fall off the bone".  The other two times I've had the chance to dine @ Midwood have been much more memorable and have both come within the past month.  In the two most recent times here, I ordered the half rack of the St. Louis style pork ribs ($13), the BBQ Pork Sandwich ($7.50), and the smoked wings ($8).  The ribs the second time around were much better and much more tender.  the BBQ pork sandwich, which I had Saturday, June 3rd, for lunch was nothing short of spectacular.  I asked for the slaw on the sandwich which added a nice, cool, crunchy texture.  The fries were above par as well.  On my most recent trip there, I ordered the wings as well.  The wings were awesome.  As a true wing lover and connoisseur, I have no hesitation in saying these are some of the tastiest, tender wings in Charlotte!Every time I've been to Midwood the service has been great.  Every employee I've come in contact with while there, has been friendly, and polite.I am not sure exactly where Midwood Smokehouse ranks in the pantheon of Charlotte BBQ establishments, but you have to put it somewhere in the top 5; behind Mac's, but waaay ahead of the likes of Old Hickory House.  Something tells me, this place is going to carve out a tradition of great BBQ and friendly service in the heart of the Plaza Midwood for years to come.  I am a growing fan of this spot and will definitely be back!
3	I'd heard mixed reviews about this place, but being a huge fan of BBQ, I figured I'd try it myself. The first thing that jumped out at me was the Bacon-wrapped Jalapenos. The same company does this app at Paco's Tacos and Tequila in South Park, the difference being that at Midwood, they remove the seeds, so that you may actually enjoy the flavor. The bacon was on the chewy side, but the flavor was right. Then again, it seems hard to mess up anything w/ Bacon, Cheese, and Jalapenos. Being of small frame, I thought it best to jump right into their "North Carolina BBQ" before I filled up on apps. I must say, it was very,very good. I opted for the vinegar based sauce, but there are other options. Honestly, it didn't need sauce, it was done properly. That is to say, it really is authentic, slow smoked BBQ. As far as ambiance, service, and all the other fixins, I'll just say, It's a BBQ joint, I didn't expect much, and was not disappointed. I have been back, and will go again.
5	I've heard all the raves... so I decided to check out Midwood Smokehouse for myself. And I'm now a convert! This place is, hands down, my favorite restaurant in Charlotte!The bacon wrapped jalapenos are as awesome as others have said - FRESH jalapenos, stuffed with jack cheese, wrapped in bacon and smoked until absolutely, mouth wateringly delicious! I could eat my own body weight in them!I had the pulled pork barbeque, which was also excellent. It was perfectly smoky, and texture-wise it was still "meaty" (a lot of places in Charlotte has "mushy" BBQ, which is a crime against humanity). The portion of barbeque was fine, although I wish I'd ordered the large plate... it was just SO GOOD!And the rumors that Midwood Smokehouse has the best mac and cheese in town? True! It's decadent and delicious, without being pretentious (no "truffle oil" here!) It tastes like the mac and cheese you remember grandma making... only better!I even got dessert: pecan cobbler. It's like pecan pie, only served warm, with vanilla cream on top. It was HEAVENLY, and warmed the cockles of this Southern boy's heart! It was almost too big for one person, but was so yummy that I just couldn't stop!My only complaints about this place are that it's just too crowded (not that that's Midwood Smokehouse's fault!) and that service seemed a bit slow. I mean, the table service is fine, it just seemed to take a while to get stuff from the kitchen to the table. But hell, the food's so good that it's worth the wait! And the beer selection (and specials!) are really good, too.I cannot recommend this place enough!
4	Midwood, I must say you do make some pretty good BBQ. I came here for my first time for lunch with a friend who recommended it to me. Before this, I came in as a salesman and thought it would be a nice place to come back to check out what they can offer. Inside, its new and well and has a nice bar on the right when you walk in. You can have the choice of either dining inside or outside, we decided to sit outside for this meal.For appetizers we ordered the jalapeno wrapped in bacon. Which was pretty good, I must say. It came with ranch and they pump it full of cheese, so the first bite in that cheese comes oozing out into your mouth. Keep in mind that it can be a little spicy for some people, but no worries that ranch comes rushing in and cools it off. (if not there's always beer to the rescue!)For my lunch entree, I ordered the large plate of Chicken BBQ which comes with two sides (small comes with one) and for the sides I ordered BBQ Coleslaw (because I've never heard of it) and Mac n Cheese. For the Chicken BBQ: It was pretty interesting, full of sauce lets just say. But I thought it was a little disappointing because the chicken was dry, but the juice that was added to it tried to make it taste less dry. They also gave me some sort of mustard BBQ sauce that was kind of interesting because it gave a little spin on normal mustard.The Mac n Cheese. Wow. This one was cheesy at the same time not at all watery. It was just full of cheese. I think this was the one dish that convinced me to give them 4 stars instead of just 3. I think this is a very scrumptious side to go along with any BBQ dish. The BBQ Coleslaw wasn't too bad either, except that even though it's a BBQ Coleslaw I didn't really taste the BBQ that much. At the same time though, it wasn't like normal coleslaw. It was sort of like in between, like you know that it's coleslaw yet you don't know if it's normal or they added something to it.Overall, I really enjoyed it. I recommend coming during lunches because it seemed like there wasn't that many people. If you do come here for dinner though, it looks like from the other reviews that it's constantly packed so make sure you come early! This restaurant I believe opened last year so, make sure to stop by and try out their dishes (especially the mac n cheese).
4	Midwood Smokehouse offers a wide range of barbecued (would this translate to "cooked-out" in the South?) goodness. Don't be fooled by the neon pigs on the sign, they faithfully prepare chopped chicken, turkey, and the best darn beef brisket ever to have graced my gullet in addition to the classic pulled pork, ribs, and sausage. These are all topped perfectly with amazing sweet, vinegar, and mustard -based bbq sauces. The vibrant flavors of the vinegar and mustard sauces have converted me away from the sweet sauces of my childhood.While the menu is filled with a surprising array of sandwiches, salads, and sides, I've just stuck to their combo massive platters that comes with choice of 4 meats, 2 sides, hush puppies, and pickled onions. Enough to gastronomically stuff 2-3 people for $19? Now that is some gastro-nomics right there!But wait, there is more! Did I mention the respectable local draft beers from the likes of OMB, Big Boss, and Four Friends? Plus 1/2 price on Mondays--an OMC Copper for $2.50?! I tip my bbq-stained hat at you sir!Taken together, when visiting friends and family want to experience some local flavor, this place is on the short list.
5	How have I never been here before??  We went to Midwood on a Wednesday night at 8 p.m. and were greeted and seated immediately.  We were in a bit of wind tunnel because the overhead fans were on full blast.  I then  realized that was a good thing; since they actually smoke the meat, the fans help circulate the declicious smell.  We wanted to try everything, so we split a Well-Fed Combo Platter and got the pulled pork, beef brisket, ribs and hickory smoked sausage.  (I can't imagine how many people the Pig Out size would feed!)  It came with three sauces: mustard, vinegar and the tomato-based Midwood sauce.  The pork and sausage were great, but fairly standard; the brisket and ribs were phenomenal. The ribs fell off the bone, and the brisket was tender enough to cut with a fork.  We also got mac & cheese (great) and bacon-wrapped jalapenos (just ok).  Our server was very attentive and fun, and we rolled out of there miserably, happily full.
2	Out of ribs on Fathers Day.  Sad!  Very sad! And they didn't tell me until I ordered.
5	I had the combination platter so I can say it with confidence: everything is good! The brisket is insanely juicy and the sausage has just the right spice. Everything has a strong, distinctive hickory flavor, just the way it's supposed to be. On top of that, they have a nice selection of local beer and Chad the barman knows his stuff. Will come back for sure!
4	Can't believe I'm just now reviewing Midwood Smokehouse. Having BBQ aplenty in Crown Town, you've got competing businesses who want that coveted, smoky place on your palate. I'm happy to say that Scibelli has done it yet again!The locale on Central Ave is a bit tricky for parking. Pulling into the compact lot amongst other cars whizzing by on their way to Uptown can be a bit of a hassle, but it's all worth the struggle. Parking on the street is available, too. Be mindful of your space. Be sure you don't inhabit private spaces or any of the adjacent businesses lots as it my result in towing. Venture in to the cozy dining room, patio or rooftop and treat yourself to the bacon-wrapped jalapenos. I can barely muster enough words to describe their culinary beauty. Smokey, cheesy, spicy, bacon-y glory. If you're sitting at a table amongst bacon lovers, more than one order will be required. They go fast. If you're in the mood for a sandwich, the Superbird is wonderful. Smoked turkey, ham, bacon, avocado mayo, tomato on a texas toast. I'd get it again in a heartbeat. The brisket is great. You can order a lean plate, if you're not wanting the fattier, yet more tasy, cut. The sides are where it hits home. Creamed corn that is out of this world. Spot on mac n' cheese, greens like mama used to make and smoked veggies. You can even order 4 as a meal for $9!Do yourself a favor and order hush puppies, too. Fantastic flavor and crunchy texture paired with their tangy BBQ sauce. The service is splendid. Friendly, fast, and very knowledgeable of the menu. Great job to our server Ben!Look forward to each visit. These guys are making a name for BBQ in Plaza! Cheers!
2	Drove 30 minutes for ribs on Father's Day.  Arrived at 5:30, sat at 6:00.  Put order for apps in.  Then ordered dinner.  Five minutes later were told that there were no ribs.  Brisket was good, but I wouldn't drive for brisket.  Feel like they should've offered free dessert or apps. free.  Won't be back.
5	I've been trying to find a go-to BBQ place in Charlotte for a while, but no more.  Everything here is fantastic, but I loved the pulled chicken with their mustard BBQ sauce.  I could take a bath in that stuff.  So good.  Go get yourself some.
3	Decent BBQ spot off of Central that has gotten lots of buzz, it's evident from the crowd and the reviews they're very popular but I didn't find the food to be more than average.  I had the pulled chicken with hush puppies, creamed corn and Texas toast.  The chicken comes with a mustard sauce that was really good and you can't go wrong with Texas toast but other than that there was nothing memorable about Midwood for me.
4	One of the best bbq joints in Charlotte. I had the bbq sandwich...simply amazing. Fries and fried pickles were good too. Definitely will return.
5	Just had the Q at the Midwood. Outstanding. As it was my first time I went with the combo platter to sample various meats. Ribs, pork, brisket, and sausage were my choices. All were terrific. Sauces were good but nothing special. The pickled onions were unusual but the perfect change up between the meats. Mac and cheese was exceptional.  I'm stuffed. I went early, 5:00 PM on a Saturday after reading how packed it gets. Glad I did.  By the time I left a hour and change later it was jammed. Sat at the bar and had terrific service from Chad the bartender. Thanks Chad. Bottom line:  I'll be back.  As often as I can.
4	An understated outpost of 'cue on Central Ave., Midwood lacks many of the typical sign posts I look for when in search of great barbecue (i.e. storefront art featuring chef's hat and apron clad pigs gleefully cooking bacon).  If you look closely enough, you'll notice that the pig on the sign is smiling.  Once inside however, you instantly know you're on to something.  The bustling dining room offers tightly packed tables with plenty of seating, but I opted for a seat at the bar which offers a little more elbow room.  The stout bar stools offer support should you imbibe too much brew, or be overcome by "the itis."I can only speak for the pulled pork, which is served up Eastern style, and the mac 'n cheese--both are delicious.  You'll need access to a roll of paper towels for this one. I've mentally booked a return trip intended to sample the beef brisket.  So deep in pork country?! I know, it sounds crazy, but it says a lot about how much these people know what they're doing with that namesake smoker.
5	Wow what a neat place! Being a BBQ junkie, the first thing you notice before you even walk in is the wonderful aroma of BBQ. We came over the lunch hour so there was a small wait to eat inside but they could've seated us outside right away. Per other Yelp reviews, I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with the Mac'n'cheese. They were insanely good. The Mac was super cheesy!! And that's how I like it. We also ordered an appetizer of the hush puppies. They were perfect. My mom is a big fan of pecan pie and HAD to try the pecan cobbler, with vanilla ice cream of course. She said she'd give Midwood a 10 based on the cobbler alone. A+ to the wait staff as well. Very friendly and always checking in. It's a shame we're not from around here to visit more often!!
4	A few months ago I posted a review complaining about the ridiculously high salt content of the meat.  (I enjoy high levels of salt, so you should know that when I complain about something being to salty, it's reached a level of ridiculousness).Anyway, I'm pleased to say that they seem to have toned down the saltiness somewhat.  I'm giving them an extra star.I highly recommend the smoked half-chicken, the brisket, and the ribs.  The hush puppies are the best I've ever had, though I'm not a fan of the hush-puppy genre.For sides I recommend baked beans and slaw (or bbq slaw).I also enjoy the pickled onions that come with every meal.The bacon-wrapped jalapenos are pretty boring, sadly.   They are just globs of fat without much flavor.Staff is super friendly and owner is very nice.
4	We ordered take out so I can not comment on the service. But the restaurant was packed when I went inside to pick up the food. The first thing I noticed was the smell, oh what a heavenly smell. The food was equally good. Very moist meat with perfect balance of spices. My favorite was the yellow mustard sauce, it was amazing. I swear it had cardamon in it, there was something Indian in that. I could drink that sauce, SO GOOD. Whenever I get that rare BBQ hankering I sometimes get, I will return and dine in.
4	(3.7/5) The brisket is a must. I don't care if you get it in a salad, between a grilled cheese, as a side, or on a plate like how I did. It's tender, delicious, and slow-cooked to perfection. I ordered the beef brisket plate (both lean and fatty) with hush puppies, pickled onions, and bacon-wrapped jalapenos as a side. Unfortunately, most of the accompaniments besides the pickled onions were mediocre, not amazing. Do not get the mac and cheese--my friend got it and I tasted it. It was grainy like dry finely grated cheese and not very saucy.   Service was great. He regularly checked up on us and had great energy. We didn't have a wait long for a large group dinner at 7pm on a weekday. Compared to Mac's Speed Shop, I definitely prefer Mac's for an overall dining experience (sides were better, servings were larger, wait was much longer too) but like I said, the brisket here definitely deserves a try.
5	Okey dokey, last update for this joint unless I go here sometime and have a dismal experience/meal. This must be update #54 by now?I tried the 1/2 smoked chicken and was sent to 7th heaven. This mutha came with 2 sides! I thought I'd only be getting one before ordering it and was settling on the beans but was caught off guard by the waiter and asked for fries for a change. I don't know if they're frozen (they're crinkle-cut) but they put enough salt on them to give them a spectacular pop that made me think twice on whether or not they were indeed frozen. I know some of you don't care for some of your goodies being over salted, but I was one happy camper with the amount they put on. The smoked chicken was very good and I went with the Midwood sauce rather than that heinous mustard sauce I had on the other chicken. Why is it the dark meat seems to retain the smoky flavor moreso than the white meat? I wish I could've ordered all legs and thighs. I wouldn't have even needed the sauce!I developed a taste for the pickled onions but I still wish they'd enlargen those delicious hush-puppies. Sweet tea is still da bomb!Your pal,Walter
3	My 4th visit for the usually wonderful pulled pork plate. My first dining inside experience. The music choices are good but volume is too loud. I was there for lunch on Thursday and it sounded like Friday Happy Hour.  And the fan speed blows almost any paper off the tables.My pulled pork was too mushy for me. I know they can do better. The staff does a very good job. I will go back based on my earlier visits.
5	Oh..... my.......dear..... lord.... This was..... amazing. This.... THIS is why I search out  good  Q it's just.... sublime. Ok let's see, I had the small platter... SMALL mind you and I couldn't finish it. It came with 4 meats. I got the pulled pork (really dang good, pour just a little of their vinegar based sauce on it to put it over the top) Brisket (they ask you how fatty you want it it was .... oh my god ... it was awesome) Sausage (it's sausage how could it be bad?) Ribs (OMG ribs they come with a dry rub DON'T YOU DARE POUR SAUCE ON THOSE RIBS ok you can put sauce of the ribs but try them without sauce the rub is really good) Sides I got the mac and cheese (if you're sensitive to salt you might think it's too salty I thought it was good) and the beans (they  were good with an interesting pork and peppery flavor). I've drug my poor mom to three BBQ places in as many days so she got a salad and was VERY happy with it (lots of different kinds of lettuce no iceberg, roasted corn etc etc). I tasted the shredded chicken on top and it was tasty and not at all dry.  We had some hushpuppies before the meal they were very good served with their signature tomato based sauce (which is GOOD I took a pint home with me).They have a great beer selections and they even have a few vegetarian options (something called a black bean burger?? and mom says they had three different salads. I dunnow I'm a carnivore) We asked because my sister is a vegetarian  and the waitress was right on top of what they had that was vegetarian so if you have a friend who prefers killing plants to animals and you can drag them in the door they won't starve. Service was fast and very friendly they totally kept on top of keeping me in drink. I'm going to try REAL hard to make it back before I leave town. So much more to try there. And guys.. (by that I mean men) use their bathroom.... just trust me on this.  If you're a local and you haven't been here  WHY ON EARTH HAVEN'T YOU BEEN HERE?   If you'e not a local and you're just passing through seriously give them a try.
5	Midwood Smokehouse is a welcome addition to the Charlotte BBQ scene. Located in the ever burgeoning Plaza-Midwood neighborhood, Midwood delivers on the 'Q while at the same time adding modern flair with dishes like smoked vegetable bruschetta, smoked turkey and sausage and a Cuban sandwich. The pork BBQ was smoky and delicious and I love that they have 4 sauce options to choose from. The mac & cheese was a standout side and the hush puppies were tasty too. I look forward to going back to try the ribs, the pimento cheese fries and the desserts.
5	Stopped here on our way through town headed north.....great food, nice sized portions, super sides ......definately a great find!!!
1	Look, I am someone who actually knows what food is supposed to taste like.  I have read some of these reviews and wow, maybe they have been eating Mickey d's mcrib  for years to have thought this was good bbq. Ribs came out with almost no meat, it was all like burnt and sauceless.  We sent them back and they came out  A LITTTTTLE bit better.  Sides were good (forget which ones we had since this was a couple months ago).  All in all, sucked and go to BOBBIE O'S on old statesville, it blows away this joke of a place as well as macs or lancasters.  it only seats like 8 people tho and is hot as hell inside so do takeout if u have a few people.
4	This place smells good as soon as you pull into the parking lot. I have always wanted to try real north Carolina BBQ on my many trips passing thru NC . This being my first time staying in Charlotte my girlfriend searched and found Midwood. We had a combo that was delicious and fried pickles for appetizer (you don't see that in NY). The staff was friendly and the prices were very reasonable.
5	This was our first trip to Midwood & it will not be our last.  The waitress was great & suggested that since it was our first visit - we should try the pick 4 meats & 2 sides for $19.00.  We picked chicken , brisket, sausage & pork.  What a great way to try it all.   Mac & Cheese was oh so cheesy!  The portion was perfect for husband, wife & 14 yr old son for lunch.  Also served with 4 different dips/sauces :-)
4	My new favorite Charlotte BBQ spot...Amazing specials!Try the Brisket fo sho!
2	First went here in June 2012 and it was fantastic! Absolutely fantastic on every level on every item on the menu.  I raved about it to everyone.  Went a second time in July and it was above average. The meat was barely smoked.  Went there again this week and experienced even more dissappointment.  I asked one of the staff what happened and he told me they experienced some changes in the kitchen.  This is so sad because we were really looking forward to eating here and I have rarely seen a place fall so far in quality. Ribs had an awful dry rub on them. The meat was grossly full of fat and undercooked. No smoke flavor at all.  The sauces were more sour than sweet.  Even the side dishes were worse.  The cream corn was like soup - actually drank it.
4	My husband and I stopped here on a cross-country drive that took us through Charlotte.  It was recommended by a friend, and neither of us were disappointed, but I've had better NC BBQ in my day.  The pulled pork was a little too saucy for my taste (not vinegary enough), but the burnt tips were delicious.  The mac 'n cheese gets 5 stars.  I would go back just for that.  The queso with brisket was a little disappointing--tasted like fake cheese.The service was great--they even allowed us to eat outside with our dog.   Overall, very satisfied with this stop.
2	We have been several times, and the food has been really good.  Went on a Monday recently, and everything was disappointing.  We wondered if the food we got was left over from the weekend, as the brisket was like mush, and the previously wonderful creamed corn and baked beans were watered down and bland.  After recommending this place to a number of people, we were left wondering if we would return ourselves!  Too bad.....
5	BBQ doesn't get any better than this! I hit the jackpot when I found Midwood on Yelp during a work trip in Charlotte. I wanted some serious NC bbq eating and I got it here. I ordered the brisket platter and my colleague got the burnt ends. We ordered mac n cheese, collard greens, and hushpuppies. We went all out and ordered the chicken wings with midwood sauce. It was heavenly. These wings were cooked and smoked then covered with yummy sauce. I'm not sure why wings are always made this way. The main courses were perfect. So tender and the sauce was perfectly executed. The prices are very reasonable and the staff is really nice. Our waitress knew the menu front and back and was a real help.  I really need to go back to Charlotte just to eat at Midwood.
5	Best BBQ in Charlotte! Best pulled pork I've ever tasted...try the banana pudding, awesome atmosphere, quick service and good people!
5	I met a friend here on a Friday night.  Table for two around 8pm.  No wait at all!  We sat inside in one of the big booths.We were a bit undecided regarding what to order, so ended up getting the sampler.  We chose beef brisket, pulled pork, ribs, and the smoked turkey.  Sides were Carolina slaw and bacon wrapped jalepenos.  Everything was delish!  The jalepenos were AMAZING!!!  My favorite meat was probably the ribs, but the turkey was also great.  They also served the meat platter with 3 different sauce sides.  The classic BBQ was great.Though my experience was great partly because of the excellent company, I have to say that the food was great, as well as the service.  We took awhile to actually order because we were chatty and our server was patient as can be.I will be back!
2	Went to midwood last night.  Very busy.  I had the beef brisket, beans and BBQ slaw.  Brisket and slaw was good but the beans let a lot to be desired.  My wife had the BBQ pork and greens.  She liked the greens a lot but the pork was way overlooked, dry and way to salty.  They could do a lot better job.  She wishes she had got a vegetable plate instead.
3	The experience started out great with a queso with brisket. It was very good. The fried pickles were sliced very thin and they didn't have a lot of taste.  I would pass on them next time. I had the brisket sandwich. They added blue cheese and onions which over whelmed the brisket. I love brisket so it was disappointing to find that I had a blue cheese sandwich.  Overall I think they wanted to upscale the menu and lost sight of what makes a great brisket sandwich. Next time I'll try the sliced brisket to see how it tastes.
5	Best BBQ in Charlotte! Best pulled pork I've ever tasted...try the banana pudding, awesome atmosphere, quick service and good people!
3	Hey don't let the 3 stars get you wrong. This place was great. The service was attentive and helpful. The ambiance is amusing and the soundtrack was classic. I had the combo plater with brisket, smoked turkey, sausage and pulled pork with coleslaw and bacon wrapped poppers. Yes, I will be checking into the nearest hospital for the impending heart attack.  The sauces are served on the side in small dipping cups. I prefer squirt bottles to having to ask for more BBQ sauce (I like lots of BBQ). The turkey was great as well as the pork and sausage. Here is the 'but', the brisket was served with the grizzle still attached. Ok maybe that's just how they serve it here. The problem with this is the fat out weighed the beef. It broke away nicely but I barely was able to enjoy the tender meat before it was gone. Concluding, I had a good meal with only one gripe. Enjoy yourself here.
4	I would give this place 4.5 stars, but for some reason I am only allowed to pick between 4 and 5.  The reason for the slight deduction is slight and rather meaningless.  While I like Midwood, this place is kind of on a busy street, so the scenery around it is just okay.  So if you are considering this place, you should know that my only issue is more of a non-issue.  Especially since the grounds and environment of the actual restaurant is fantastic.  There is both inside and outside seating.  As long as it's not too hot and dont mind a little sun on the face, outside is great.  Inside, literally, the first step you take in the place you are hit with the wonderful smells of delicious BBQ.  The food is wonderful, regardless of what kind of BBQ you like.  Fresh, juicy, lean, and just full of taste!  They have a great beer and drink selection (who doesnt like a 24oz PBR or a nice Jack Daniels-fueled drink??).  The decor is really great, I mean the men's room walls are full of sex symbols from the last 3 to 4 decades...and rumor has it the ladies room has the same style.  To me that is just a cool touch.  Great food, great atmosphere, and the staff are tremendously kind and attentative.  Go here, you will be happy you did.
4	Talk about delicious food, this place has it! Midwood catered a work event I attended and man was the food good! They brought out the bbq, hot wings & the chipotle sauce, mac & cheese, bbq beans, grilled veggies & the banana pudding! Everyone was raving about it. A big shout out to Lisa! This girl knows how to promote a business. I tried everything, twice! Yes, it was that good. I heard that I needed to get over to their actual location to try a few other items. I look forward to that & will update my review!
5	Wow...that was some meal!  My family and I stopped into Midwood for dinner one night while I was in town for the Democratic Nat'l Convention and boy did this place blow my mind.First, the ambience is perfect.  There are lots of TVs in the dining room allowing you to keep up on all of the games.  As for the food, I ordred a full slab of ribs...the BBQ was awesome.  On the side, I enjoyed the sweet potato fries and collard greens.  The back porch tea was really tasty (sweet tea, Jack Daniels and muddled lemon)C.J. was our waiter...he was very attentive and friendly.The only downer is its location.  I was staying in a hotel downtown and it took about 10 minutes to get there.  Nevertheless, I would take a plane, train or automobile to get back to Midwood!
4	What a great BBQ place and full bar in Charlotte.  My husband and I stopped in on a Friday for lunch; it was packed but we gladly took two empty seats at the bar and didn't have to wait.  We both chose to local, Charlotte beers and I had the "Burnt Ends" which were crispy, caramelized cubes of brisket coated in their house made "Fat Tire BBQ Sauce."  The small order comes with hushpuppies, pickled onions and one side.  I chose "Smoked Veggies" as my side and was pleasantly surprised by the savory flavor of the grilled vegetables.  The veggies are great healthy choice without skimping on taste.We had great service and really enjoyed the meal.  Can't wait to go back because I really wanted to try the smoked turkey plate as well!
1	Ribs are my favorite, I read the reviews and was so happy to try these. The truth is they were not eatable. I hated them and no one in my family would eat them. Do not waste your money here.  They were not cooked right and the seasoning was flat out nasty.
5	This place is amazing! I've lived in NC my whole life and while this isn't your mom and pop BBQ joints I am so fond of from my childhood, Midwood is a perfect blend of authenticity and creativity. The "secret" is that the folks here really care. They sincerely want you to have a great time, serve you some amazing food, and have you leave with a smile. On my most recent trip, my girlfriend took me to Midwood for my birthday. Although there was a line, they quickly seated us and we were greeted by our waiter Jimmy who was attentive and friendly. I always get the BBQ sampler with double dry ribs, smoked sausage, and fatty brisket. I had been hesitant to try the bacon wrapped jalapenos because I saw some complaints on Yelp. But on Jimmy's recommendation, we got an order and they were to die for! Really, really delicious. Their meats are perfectly smoked, full of flavor, consistently moist, and always memorable. If you're looking for a great, fun, foodie place - look no further than Midwood Smokehouse!P.S. Their hushpuppies are the best I've ever had!
4	This is the best brisket I've had in Charlotte.  I got a lean portion and it was juicy and flavorful and cooked to perfection.  My family was with me and said the pulled pork BBQ was the best they've ever had.  My Dad wanted to go there every night they were in town.The sides were decent - I had potato salad and cole slaw.  The mac and cheese was supposedly pretty good.  The hush puppies were pretty awesome.Table service was great.  We sat at a booth, which was comfortable.  They also had some high tops.Four stars only because parking sucks.  The lot is way too small and you have to find another place to park if the lot is full.
4	Unfortunately Midwood Smokehouse is not close to my apartment. My fiance and I came in on a Sunday. It was a pretty cool place. I had the ribs, and I was surprised. They were the best ribs I've found in Charlotte. I want to go there at night sometime. I feel like it would be a nice place to spend an evening, but not too crowded because of its distance from Uptown. The service was on top of their game.
4	Midwood Smokehouse has been a hit most of the times I've gone.  Midwood knows how to smoke their Q.  The pulled pork, the brisket, the bacon wrapped jalapenos, the ribs...and even the creamed corn were so delicious, my stomach was sentient to every little detail.The service is friendly and helpful.  I am a firm believer in taking the advice of the wait staff and am rarely disappointed.  I am an adventurous eater though...so I do feel the need to try some different eats every now and then.  The inside of Midwood Smokehouse is bristiling with the Charlotte workforce during the weekday lunch hour, while filling with family and couples on the weekend.  The place is busy, so don't plan on camping out.  The decor is exactly what you'd expect...charming...smokey...woody...and cozy.  Love this place.Try:  The brisket plate with the creamed cornAvoid:  The brisket sandwich (while good...it's more like a blue cheese sandwich)
4	Fried mac & cheese, hush puppies, gigantic beef rib special and Carolina pork plate.  Yes that is a ton of food, but it was all so delicious.I was especially enamored with the Eastern NC vinegar sauce.  If it wasn't for the liquid restriction on carry-on items, I would've tried to bring a bottle home.  Maybe I should've tried to portion it out to 3oz bottles.The mustard sauce that came with the Chicken BBQ was also awesome.  I felt like it would be great to have with a soft pretzel too.  Sadly, those aren't on the menu.Prices are extremely reasonable for the portion sizes.  I wish I had gone all out and tried the combo platter just to get more options in.  Next time.
4	I am from the North, so I never really had good BBQ until moving down to NC. I tried a few BBQ places down here and they were all great, but somehow Midwood Smokehouse managed to separate itself.Here is why: Fatty Brisket.....It sounds odd (or maybe it doesn't if you are from the South), but it was awesome.  It melted in your mouth. Everything else was good, but this was the All-Star.Service was great, too.  Only downside is that the restaurant is a little bit cramped, so it fills up quickly.
4	Great food, had the pulled pork and "the Texas special". My 6 year old daughter loved both, as did my wife and I. Service needs a little work.
4	Visited this past weekend.  The food was really good.  We started off with the smoked wings,  pretty good nice flavor, but not as good as Sticky Fingers smoked wings.We had burnt ends plate and the the combo platter with brisket, ribs, turkey and pulled porkBurnt ends-  Good but nothing specialBrisket-  Juicy and flavorful (portions on the combo werent that big)Turkey-  surprisingly the best thing on the plate,  good flavor and was very moistRibs-  A little too fall off the bone for me, but were still very tastyPulled Pork-  Not bad  very juicy the flavor wasnt to my liking thoughSides we had Mac and Cheese -  Nothing special here but still goodBBQ Baked Beans-  were  the best beans I have had EVER!  So good I had to order some to go ( kinda disappointed though because for $5.00 the container I got was on the small side and not even full)So far this is the best BBQ I have had in Charlotte
5	Whatever you do, get the pulled pork on SOMETHING.  ANYTHING.  You can buy the meat by the pound, so consider taking some home with you.  The pulled pork makes for one AMAZING omelet.  Trust me, my friends.  There's a lot to love at Midwood, and some of my favorites are the pulled pork sandwich, pull pork Cuban sandwich, brisket sloppy joes, queso with pulled pork, and the Midwood chop salad with pulled pork and avocado goddess dressing.  You get your choice of BBQ sauce, and my favorite is the Eastern NC.  The mac and cheese and hushpuppies are great as well.
5	love the pecan cobbler. in all its a pretty nice place!
4	This place smells good as ignites your taste buds as soon as you step out of the car. It's that heavenly smell that makes you want to order everything on the menu! Definitely get the fatty brisket and the pork ribs. Burnt ends sound better than they turned out. The combo is a good deal because you get to try 4 items. Easily shared between 2-3 people!  Stop by if you are in the Charlotte area for ANYTHING! They come out with a plate of sauces that are suggested for each of the meats that you order and most of them are DELICIOUS! Restaurant was very full and the tables were very close together.   We sat outside on the covered patio and it was perfect.
5	We went here last night after seeing the reviews and not having success in finding a good local bbq restaurant - we have tried quite a few!We arrived and it was packed.  We were told 30 minutes, but it ended up being 5 minutes to wait, we will take that! It doesn't look like there are many tables, I can see this place being very busy in the summer.  Because it is small, it gets loud easily.When you walk in you immediately notice the smell - and start drooling! Good thing it was only a 5 minute wait.Kevin and I had the platter, picked 4 meats: shredded chicken, pork, turkey, and ribs.  Sides were mac and cheese and stuffed jalapenos wrapped in bacon.Turkey: just okay.  Would not go for this again though.Shredded chicken: Good flavor, but did not stick out in my memory like the remaining meats.Ribs: the meat fell off so easily and had an awesome smokey flavor! A++ ribs!Pork: the smokey flavor and whatever seasoning they have on the pork is outstanding!!  I'm drooling just thinking about it again.  A+++++, the best pork ever!They give you sauces to go with the pork.  They are just okay - they have mustard based, tomato based, and vinegar based sauces, the first two being my favorite.  I didn't really use them, not because they were okay, but because the pork was just so good, I didn't want to mess with the flavor!Sides, both excellent.  Mac and cheese was a good homestyle kind and cheesy!  The jalapenos were something I've never had, so bad for you, but yet so good!Service was outstanding.  We were greeted and welcomed by our server quickly.  He never let our drinks get low and was very helpful - said if we didn't like something he would find us something to like! Wanted us to have a great experience, and we did.Love this place and will be back soon for more pork!
3	I had the fried pickles, which were interesting.  The taco-trio with beef brisket, pulled pork, chicken and a bacon wrapped jalapeno.  Good, but not 4-star worthy.
4	The meat-eaters had a jolly good time here, thanks to me and my Yelping prowess.  I had eaten a starkly contrasted raw vegan lasagna a half an hour prior in anticipation of this meat feast because as you can imagine, not the most vegetarian friendly place!At least the sweet potato fries were good and service was on the better side.  So that pleased me well enough.  Given that Midwood Smokehouse is such a sought after lunch joint, do anticipate a bit of a wait.  I think we waited around twenty or thirty minutes - sufficient time to cram in a game of cornhole.  I killed it, that's what vegans kill . .. games?  Nice touch offering this distraction during the wait!Anyway, the omnivores REALLY enjoyed their meaty selections - can't quite recall everything, but I think there were some leftovers, which a late flight arriver was more than happy about receiving.
4	Delicious!!!  Will love to go again.  The pulled pork was outstanding!
2	I'm not really sure what the fuss is about this place... maybe I came on a bad day?  However I had heard this place was beyond amazing and when I left I really had no desire to ever go back. Well maybe I'll give it another try if only for the banana pudding which was REALLY good (almost like grandma made it but only almost lol).The jalapeno poppers were not good. They had a weird texture, were soggy, and the bacon was not even close to being crispy. I was very disappointed!  The pulled pork was okay but I've had oh so much better in my life (anyone who has had Lexington BBQ can attest to that).  The macaroni and cheese reminded me of something you'd get in a cafeteria. Again I just wasn't impressed!!Our waitress was nice but clueless. She just never seemed to have her act together, couldn't remember our orders (yes she wrote them down??) and asked us if we wanted to order desert before our dinner was even brought out. I'm sensing that some other reviewers may have had this same waitress lol.All in all I have numerous friends who keep raving about this place so I'm going to try it one more time to see if maybe I just got them on a seriously off day. If it's still not good then I may need to question my friends taste levels hahaOh one more thing, the beer selection was good in my opinion!!
4	Caution: know when your body is full. This place is delicious. The brisket made me feel like I was back in Austin. Also had some pulled pork with the mustard and vinegar sauces and it was to die for. The pimento cheese fries as an app are so delicious, but before you know it you have eaten waaayyy more than you intended to. I enjoyed my lunch visit here so much. So much, in fact, that i went home and celebrated with a three hour nap. Solid, cozy place.
3	I was in Carolina so I had to get some Carolina BBQ.  Midwood Smokehouse had some high ratings and a bunch of reviews so I had to try them.  When I came in the parking lot was full, a good sign of they must be good. They have a nice indoor and outdoor dining areas and a rooftop dining area with an awesome view. Overall it was OK.I went with two small plates of BBQ just to sample a variety of the menu. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/midwood-smokehouse-charlotte#H2NatZtWVPmD9ZZyAuwwRQ  The first plate I'll call it the South Carolina plate http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/midwood-smokehouse-charlotte#Sfxrntd0tSFhc9eIVqU-PA it was a plate of smoked pulled chicken, South Carolina mustard sauce, bacon wrapped jalapenos, and hush puppies.  The pulled chicken wasn't that bad for chicken pretty dry, the SC mustard sauce was tasty, and bacon wrapped jalapenos and hush puppies were MEH.  The second plate I'll call it the North Carolina plate http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/midwood-smokehouse-charlotte#GtO6lixO30zEUv7twrDXPA it was a plate of smoked pulled pork, Eastern NC vinegar sauce, BBQ slaw, and hush puppies.  The pulled pork was good but not amazing, the NC vinegar sauce OK, the BBQ slaw not my favorite.  So which BBQ wins this matchup SC or NC BBQ? Hard to say I wasn't wowed by either but NC wins just because the pulled pork tasted better.  I don't think it was a good representation of what SC and NC BBQ was. Not recommending any of those plates. Maybe try something else their ribs, wings, and fries look good. Since I can't try them I have to keep it neutral 3 rating, BARELY, for their food.   They have a nice atmosphere, friendly service, and a full bar. The outdoor patio has ceiling fans perfect for when dining outside on warm days.  They have random decorations; one that stood out was the Hawaii license plate that started with a 'K'.  If it starts a 'K' it usually means Kauai but it seems like whenever see a Hawaii license plate hanging on the wall it starts with a 'K' now. There's a cool mural on the wall of the building behind of Midwood Smokehouse.
5	We went last night finally after craving some barbeque for weeks.  Overall, our experience was awesome.  We had an awesome server, Cliff, who gave us his suggestions and was pretty entertaining.  We took Cliff's suggestion and got the Combo platter since we were newbs.  We ordered the brisket, ribs and doubled up on the pork bbq.  For our sides we got mac n cheese and fries.  Everything was really great.  The ribs were probably our least favorite, but they still tasted great.. just not as tender as we were hoping!  Pretty good beer selection and great service.  We'll be back!
5	Great service, fast and delicious food. Hush puppies and 4 meat combo, nothing was dry, highlights were ribs and fatty brisket.  Baked beans were fantastic too. Rarely fully impressed with BBQ joint but everything here was a winner!
4	Really great BBQ...my only wish is that they would add a fish entree. Other than my little quirky wish they give you all you want in a BBQ joint.
4	Brisket, brisket, brisket! And bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers!!Honestly, this place isn't really my first preference (I think twice about eating here even if I'm right across from this place) because I'm not a fan of barbecue and almost everything I eat here makes me feel guilty about introducing my body to so much grease and fat. But my boyfriend is crazy about this place and so I eat here more often than I otherwise would. In fact if it wasn't for him, I probably would have never been here. But when I do eat, I enjoy my meal. Their brisket (as I chanted before) is really good. You can get it lean or fatty. Of course I pick lean. And my meal is never complete without the fried mac-n-cheese and bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers on the side. The hushpuppies are pretty good too.My boyfriend also loved the burnt ends (I haven't tried those, but I trust his opinion) and pulled pork.I'm not a big fan of their seating. I don't know what it is, but I'm always uncomfortable here. The metal chairs and tables aren't the most comfortable, and patio seating is a little tight.
4	two words: brisket tacos. I ordered the two taco plate with one pork one brisket... the brisket was ah-maz-ing... I wanted to trade in my pork taco for another it was that good. I ended up saving the pork taco for the next day, it was really good left over and tasty in its own right but the brisket blew it out of the water. BF had the pork plate w/mac n cheese, he said the pork was too smoky for his liking (we eat Mac's a lot)... I didnt think he tasted overly smokey but to each their own. The food here is good, staff is super nice and they have a lot of options (no burgers thou!).
5	i had pulled pork, it was pretty good but the burnt ends were the best! i also really loved the baked beans with bits of pulled pork in them. i'd definitely come back.
5	Cute, friendly atmosphere with AWESOME food. I had the Carolina BBQ chicken sand which with the stuffed jalapenos wrapped in bacon. Can't go wrong! I will go back and utilize the patio and corn hole games next time!
5	Brisket is awesome great atmosphere super friendly staff
5	Midwood has great food. The BBQ is the best in Charlotte, fried pickles are amazing and the sides are outstanding. They have some great salads also if you're trying to be healthy. The service is always warm and friendly. Overall it's a great place.
3	Glad to say we have been back and things were much better.
5	It's hard to write a meaningful review that hasn't covered every facet of this popular bbq haven. I've had their pulled pork, and most people agree that it's very good. It's hard to get the right balance of smokiness in bbq, too little and it tastes bland, too much and it's overpowering. It's mouthwatering when it's done right, and they certainly have the skills at Midwood. I expected the pulled pork to be great, but their tacos were a pleasant surprise. Why eat brisket, slaw, and mac n cheese separately when you can have a perfect fusion of flavor all in the same bite!Their creamed corn is great too, they add just enough salt and pepper to keep it from being pedestrian. The bacon wrapped jalapenos are fine too, but I wish they served more of them. I can only speak for myself, but every time I've ate at Midwood I went home happy with a full belly. Sometimes the wait for a table can be a little long on a busy night, and their service can be a little sluggish because of it. But they're always friendly, and the food is always great. And isn't that all that really matters?
5	I'm an official regular, someone help me I'm addicted to Midwood Smokehouse. I'm a HUGE Fan of the brisket . I love the option of  a lean plate, fatty, or both. (Both is great!)Give me some bacon wrapped jalapenos as a side and I'm good to go! Or try the greens that will make you wanna slap yo momma.Look for your drink and food specials when you walk in, written on the large glass mirror behind the bar. They have mug nights here where you can bring in a 40oz and get it filled for $4-6!Great service as always, fast, friendly and knowledgeable. I look forward to coming back very very very soon!
5	Best BBQ in Charlotte. Great service too. Cregan (manager) is fantastic. He took the time to explain the labor-intensive process of smoking the meat for the 'Burnt Ends' dish (which is awesome). I'll be back many times.
4	Food was good to great, good beer selection.  Service was great.  had the brisket because they sold out of ribs and burnt ends.  then went back for the ribs.  both were good. I can't give them 5 stars though because the ribs.... something not quite there for me.good place to go sit outside and just enjoy some good food though.
5	After living in Charlotte for a while now, I have tried my share of BBQ. Midwood Smokehouse is the best I've tried. Last time I went, they had a special on South Carolina-style BBQ sandwiches. My favorite. It was delicious again. It gets crowded, so hope that you get there when it's slow. I've never had to wait, but I've seen it fill up. I'd still wait for this if you have your heart set on BBQ.
5	BBQ is an acquired taste and everyone has an opinion. Personally I don't care if it comes from the Carolinas, Memphis, Kansas City, Texas or wherever. It just has to taste good. Charlotte has had it's share of BBQ places over the years - some local joints and others where chains. None have really wowed me like Midwood Smokehouse. Out of the dozen or so times I have eaten there it has been consistently delicious. I go there specifically for the beef brisket. It is quite literally the best brisket I have ever had and the kind you think about long after you have finished your meal. I usually get the half and half (half lean, half fat). The flavor of the bark from whatever magical rub they are using should be deemed a national treasure and samples of it should be put in the Smithsonian to celebrate its greatness. The word is out and this place is quickly becoming the hot spot for BBQ in the Charlotte region. So much so that seating has been a problem. But not anymore. They just expanded and opened a new section of the restaurant to seat more people. In a way that makes me sad because I wanted this place all to myself.
4	In my opinion, best BBQ in Charlotte.  If you need some chow, go here.
5	I moved to Charlotte 3 months ago. I did the usual google searches for Carolina's best bbq, and i even told my friends, "yeah its overrated i havent had anything worth writing hom about" until today. I stumbled onto midwood smokehouse by accident.  The BBQ , sauce (not even needed the meat is so good), and sides were AWESOME!  Definitely going back!
5	Had an excellent meal here.  Went there for my Graduation from CPCC with family and all of the food choices we had were delicious.  My favorite would be the Bar-b-que queso.  We choose  to go with the pulled pork, but I am sure the brisket would have been good also.  My smoked turkey was moist and very thick sliced.Friendly staff made for a great dining experience with our four year old.  I would recommend for both couples out for a drink and families with children also. If there was one complaint is was that their small parking lot is full most of the time, but that doesn't seem like a problem at all now does it?
3	This used to be my favorite bbq place in Charlotte, but the last several times the pork has been very fatty. Sorry Midwood, Mac's and Queen City Q have you beat. P.S. 3-stars because the beef brisket is very tasty.
5	Never had even a mediocre item here.Everything is amazing, I order far too much because it is even better heated up the next day.Fall off the bone ribs, great brisket, tons of excellent sides. Lovely. The expansion makes it a lot easier to get in though doesn't have as much charm as the original section. Could use a few more taps but I am nit-picking.I eat here just about every other week and take every out of town visitor here and they love it.
3	Great service and pretty good BBQ.
5	We walked in with a group of 10 -- on a Saturday night at 7:45, not the best strategy. But we were seated in only 20 minutes at two tables (6+4) -- probably as good as we could have hoped for. The staff was very accommodating and friendly from the moment we stepped in.The beer selection was good, solid -- just fine for casual dinner. Our table had fried pickles for an appetizer and they were delicious -- crispy on the outside and cut on the diagonal to give lots of area for dipping.The barbecue I had was incredible. Their brisket can stand up to anything I've had in a Texas restaurant. I had their signature sauce which was a smoky, sweet & tangy (more tang than sweet) mixture, on a combination of lean and fatty brisket. I was floored by how delicious it was. I also had the bacon-wrapped jalapenos as a side. Do be cautious with these -- they vary in terms of hotness (seeds, most likely). The first I had was mild and the second knocked me for a loop! But totally enjoyable. The collard greens were also solid -- not mind-blowing, but very good. The portions were very generous and there's no way to leave this place hungry after a platter.A dining companion, in fact, ordered a platter and couldn't begin to finish his pulled pork. He offered me a taste. It was tossed in the spicy BBQ sauce already. I had a few mouthfuls, and they were exquisite. I wish I'd been able to taste with the vinegary NC sauce I love so much -- maybe next time!The service was excellent and our waitress brought a smile to the table every time she came by to check on our progress and offer refills. I was so full of good cheer and barbecue that I was halfway planning already to come back the next night. Definitely worth a visit for a casual dinner with friends -- I would love to come back next time I'm in town.
5	Just moved to Charlotte and had my second try at NC BBQ. Turns out Midwood smokehouse is in my backyard, which in turn happens to be extremely dangerous for a BBQ nut like myself. The food was incredible. The chili was smoky and not overpoweringly spicy. The wings (both the menu ones and a garlic buffalo special) were incredible. 2 very different flavors and textures, but 2 very successful, meaty sets of wings. Finally, the pulled pork was delicious. I'm from up north so the whole vinegar style sauce is new to me. This place made me a real fan of it!On top of the food, the vibe and decor is fantastic. Everyone was extremely friendly and thanked us for stopping in. They made you feel like a part of the neighborhood and that we were doing them a favor...when in fact they did me and my stomach a huge favor! Can't wait to go back.
4	My friends know that I WANT to like BBQ. It always looks and smells so good, then I have a bite and I'm over it...so as kind of a joke, I was taken to Midwood Smokehouse. Everything smelt so wonderful, and looked so tasty. Afraid of my past BBQ experiences, I played it safe and went for the smoked turkey plate: hickory smoked and dressed wtth cranberry apple relish, and a side of that creamy mac n cheese! It was AMAZING. The atmosphere was relaxed, the beer selection is fine, and the staff is friendly. Since my first visit I have been back twice, and have tried variations of the BBQ. I found that I love the vinger style sauce on anything! The only reason I do not go back more often is the wait to be seated can be lengthy, and the wait to get your food and drink refills can also be lengthy. The last time we were there we saw our waitress three times, once to take our drink order, once to take our food order, and once to bring us our check. A food runner brought us our food and passerby employees who saw our drinks were empty would bring us more drinks. Every visit I have had, has been a long one. But when I leave my face is still smiling because my belly is happy.
4	Get the tacos! They are awesoooome!
1	Called at 6:15 on a Friday night to order 2 lbs. of pulled pork and 1 lb. of lean brisket, and were told they were out of lean brisket, and to hold on to see if they had enough mixed brisket.  They came back to the phone and said they would not have any more pork for a few hours, and that they could not fill our order for brisket either.  We were not offered an alternative, and wound up driving across town to the always reliable Bill Spoon's BBQ.  How could a bbq place run out of two of their most popular items by 6:15 on a Friday night?!  Coincidentally, I just heard the other day that the cardinal rule of bbq is "Don't run out".....
5	Best BBQ in Charlotte.  Didn't think I would like anywhere better than Mac's but this place.  Must have the bacon wrapped jalapenos as a side!
5	Out of all the places I've eaten in Charlotte, I've been here the most. So I think it's time I give Midwood Smokehouse its very well-deserved five stars. I'd give it six stars, but Yelp won't let me, so we'll just have to settle for a "Fuck yeah this place is awesome!"In two words, burnt ends. In many more words, the prices are very reasonable, the service is always fast and polite, there are awesome drink specials, and the vibe is casual, friendly and more than a little bit southern hipster.As for the food, there is nothing here not to like. The only thing I'm a bit "meh" on is the smoked vegetables, but they're still pretty tasty. The chicken is so good, you can eat it "dry" (it's plenty moist) or with your choice of outstanding barbecue sauces. The brisket is incredibly delectable - as a friend of mine says, "Best brisket outside of Texas" - the fatty brisket especially deserves a freakin' medal. The sausage is a well-thought-out mix of savory and sweet, with a nice pop in the skin when you bite into it. But, the creme de la creme is the burnt ends. So sweet, so chewy, and with a caramelized flavor that is not of this earth.Every meal comes with your choice of side(s). The bacon-wrapped jalapenos are sinfully masterful. The mac and cheese is delightfully cheesy. The collards are down-home. Everybody also gets some hush puppies and pickled onions - both are amazeballs (literally, in the case of the puppies).Great local beer selection and some very tasty looking desserts, although I'm always too full to try them.
5	The best BBQ I have had hands down. We use to live in the University area and we ate here all the time, but we moved to the other side of town and don't get here as often as we would like. So I was over here this week doing Father's Day shopping for my husband when I realize exactly where I was. I called my husband to get his order and made a quick beeline to the restaurant. Place our order and within 10-15 mins I was out the door. Now the hard part was driving from central ave to ballentyne with that great smelling flavor playing with my nose was the hardest part and often wanted to sneak in the bag and grab something out, but I didn't want anything unless I had the entire thing, so I waited. Once I got home I don't remember taking the keys out the car because I was so excited about mid wood BBQ. When I took my first bit I almost slapped my husband because it was so good (joking) but it was good. It was just how remembered. On this round my husband got the wings app with Mac and cheese and collard, all that were great, and I got the pulled pork with collards, with was great. I have had everything here and I recommend everything. Smoked sausage, wings brisket, pull pork everything is phenomenal.
5	Awesome food. So glad they expanded!!!!
4	Though touted as a barbecue joint, Midwood Smokehouse in Plaza Midwood has a Chopped Salad that is the dream of this vegetarian; Avocado, tomatoes, corn, lettuce... oh my! I love the fact that I have an option of a yummy salad when my man is in the mood for some pulled pork and bacon wrapped jalapenos. When a solid salad is on my mind, Midwood is the place I am calling (their pick up window is convenient and parking is never really an issue). Bravo!
4	Just moved to Charlotte and have been enjoying dining my way around the city. Midwood Smokehouse was on my list from the get go, and my husband and I finally made it there on a recent Friday for dinner. I am noticing a trend in my reviews that when you can smell the restaurant from down the street, it's usually a great sign. We parked in the gravel lot off the side street, and could smell the smoker as we walked toward the restaurant. We arrived a little after 5:30 and were surprised that we pretty much had our pick of tables. The Yuengling draft special made this PA girl happy - we've spen the lastt 4 years in Texas without access to Yuengling - so we're thrilled that so many restaurants in Charlotte stock it. We split the Well-Fed Combo Platter - with Carolina pulled pork, St. Louis style ribs, brisket, and chopped chicken barbecue.  The "smaller" Well-Fed combo platter was plenty of food for the two of us, I appreciated that our waitress did not try to convince us to go with the larger Pig-Out platter.The platter came with pickled onions, hush puppies, and choice of two sides - we picked barbecue baked beans and mac & cheese. The food came out pretty quickly and looked great! The ribs and pork were our favorite; after spending so much time in Texas, we should probably know better than to order brisket anywhere else - it was decent, but reminded me more of a pot roast than the brisket we've come to know and love. The mac & cheese was delicious - most barbecue joints in Texas don't offer it as a side, so I've been getting mac & cheese everywhere it's offered. We finished the meal with the peach cobbler ala mode, which was fantastic as well, love that it's only 75 cents to add ice cream. The only downside of the whole meal was that there was a piece of glass in my beer - but luckily I found it before it made it into my mouth! By the time we finished, almost all of the tables inside and many outside had filled, so we just arrived a little early that night. We'll be back!
2	Service is extremely kind here.  This was my first time trying NC bbq; I do live in KC, but don't have a marked preference for a certain kind of American BBQ.I ordered the small plate of burnt ends + a side of pulled pork (I know, I know... a side of meat, but it's only 3 oz., and I really wanted to try it since pulled pork is one of my faves.  Good thing I ordered it because the burnt ends were not where it was at; burnt ends came out cold and chewy -- not fork tender and delicious.  Apparently the burnt ends were a weekly special (or something like that), and they were so popular they became a permanent staple on the menu.  They came with a fat tire bbq sauce that I didn't really care for.  The pulled pork, on the other hand was much, much better, and I also enjoyed the sharp vinegar-y flavors of the sauce.  I also tried the bacon-wrapped jalapenos (nice heat, and the bacon adds so much incredible flavor) which were the best things I ate at this spot.  The hush puppies were alright; they did come out hot, but not being from the south -- maybe I don't get hush puppies / don't know how they're supposed to taste; these particular ones were dense and chewy.  Not my favorite. It feels kind of dirty in here... not the kind of dirty you'd notice immediately, but there are a lot of flies here and the place feels a little grimy... but this is a bar, after all.  All that being said, I want to circle back to how great the service was.  My server asked how the food was tasting, and when it comes to how tasty the food is, I don't mess around :), and I (gently) let her know that the burnt ends weren't up to par.  She offered to replace it with another type of meat, but I wasn't too eager to try anything else, so she actually just comped part of my meal, and I ended up paying for my iced tea and a couple of bucks for my pulled pork side.  After all of that, I'm just ambivalent about this place... if you do go, don't get the burnt ends, though.
5	The belly was so happy after this grub! I love the Carolina style BBQ with the vinegar flavors.  I tried the sampler and split it with my husband.  We tried the beef brisket, the sausage, the pulled pork, and the chicken.  My favorite was the pulled pork.  The chicken had a mayo looking dressing which I was not feeling so I recommend doubling on the pulled pork because you get 4 meat options on the sampler.  the sampler also includes 2 side orders.  We selected the collard greens and the BBQ beans both excellent!  Seriously love me some Carolina BBQ!!!  Be prepared to wait in line here...it's worth it.
4	Pretty decent barbeque!  I had a great pear cider with my meal.  My husband and kids started with the bacon wrapped jalepano peppers and they were gone pretty quickly so I am guessing they were pretty good.  We got a combo platter to split at our table so we could try a little of everything.  The brisket was awesome and the pork was pretty decent too.  The pulled chicken tasted a little dry and I didn't really love the ribs...but am not generally a fan of Saint Louis style ribs.  The sides we got (fries and creamed corn) were good too.  We shared a peach cobbler to end the meal with which was okay.  Service was great.  They have outdoor seating as well...if only I could get my hisband to enjoy sitting outside as well...that would be perfect.
3	We went in the hopes of utilizing one of the best rooftops in the city, only to be told we could order to go food and sit up there but we'd have to clean it up ourselves and come get anything we needed ourselves.  What a waste of prime real estate!The service was decent.  Our waitress was lovely, although a little flighty.  She brought my husband & I 2 beers although we had only ordered one.The food mediocre.  Not horrible, yet nothing I'm going to seek out.  We had the pork queso dip, which was really good, although not as spicy as I usually think of queso.  I would definitely order it again.  I ordered the Cuban.  I tried it with the lettuce and tomato as recommended by the waitress.  Not a fan.  They overpowered the flavor of the BBQ completely.  Once I got them off the sandwich, the BBQ was pretty good.  My husband ordered the straight BBQ sandwich.  He enjoyed the taste of the meat, but again, it was nothing to write home about.This place is not going to be included in our regular rotation but I won't argue if someone else wants to go there.
2	I was recommended this by a new friend in town. I just moved here and I wanted some authentic southern BBQ. Almost everyone I've met so far has laughed at the thought of real southern BBQ in Charlotte. The ribs weren't good. Tough, overdone. Better ribs up north. I'm sure sandwiches and appetizers here are better.Now, the baked beans...Amazing. So. Damn. Good. If I'm walking in the area, I'd probably swing by Midwood Smokehouse for just a side order of the baked beans. It's just dank.
4	BBQ for everyone...beginners and experts.  All types of BBQ--chicken, pig, cow, etc and plenty of sauces to complete the whole deal.I'm not a BBQ expert but I truly feel this place accomplished the goal and it impressed my out of town guests so that is the most important thing!Like others have stated, the atmosphere is "down home,"  the service is friendly, the prices are reasonable, etc.Between the 7 of us we literally sampled the whole menu...pork bbq, chicken bbq, burnt ends, smoked turkey, ribs, etc.  We also tried the pimento cheese fries for an appetizer and they were nothing short of amazing!!!The baked beans are a must for your side choice.  They are full of flavor and even have some bbq mixed in.  They are awesome.Again, I'm not a huge BBQ person so is this the best place Charlotte has to offer?  No clue.  Does it showcase some pretty authentic Caroline BBQ?  I think so!  Good variety, good prices, good side orders, nice sized portions--yes, I'm a fan!
4	One of the better BBQ places in CLT.  One of the few that actually have turkey and sausages, and don't rely on pulled pork with gallons of sauce.  Service has always been average, but the food is consistent.
5	I was going to go with 4 stars for this place, because the food is really good, but the wait staff is also spectacular, so that pushed it over the top.I first tried this place on a whim, and took my whole family for my Dad's birthday. That's seven adults who went, plus a baby and a four year old that can't sit still. Our waitress was patient and prompt, and light-hearted about the whole thing (sometimes the people I love can be difficult customers :) )I got the whole mix of tacos, and every one was mouthwatering. The coleslaw and hush puppies were divine. This is my go-to place for BBQ in Charlotte!
3	On the never ending search for good BBQ, I stopped in at Midwood last night.  Me and my entourage of 7 were greeted promptly by a friendly server who was in the beginning stages of laryngitis, poor guy.  A few members of my party were from out of town and we wanted to try a bit of everything.  We got the pulled pork and smoked turkey plates with a sample of all of their sauces.  The pulled pork was good, and their sauces were decent.  My party preferred the Fat Tire BBQ Sauce which was a bit too peppery and thick IMO but it did in a pinch.  Smoked turkey was a bit lacking and was a little dry.  The service was great and accommodating.  We were there on a mission and they accommodated all of our special requests without a roll of the eyes.  I passed by the "smokehouse" on my way in from the parking lot, but didn't taste the smoke int he food which was disappointing.  Their mayo slaw was overly chopped but had good flavor.  BBQ Slaw is never my thing but there's was ok.Midwood has decent cue, don't get me wrong and if I Was on that side of town again and in the mood for BBQ I'd go again.
4	Consistently good.
5	I think I'm finally ready to call this the best BBQ in Charlotte. After having been here a few times I have tired enough different menu items and they were all incredible.The smoked wings are ungodly good. I am not the type that normally orders an appetizer but I got these on chance because we were waiting for a friend to show up for dinner. They were so good that I make sure to get an order and opt for a smaller dinner to fit them in.Not that skipping dinner is any better. I did not see anything special in the pulled pork, though it is pretty good and not too dry. But the smoked veggies as a side are delicious and worth skipping the fries. The rack of ribs is also out of this world and I might start ordering that instead of the pulled pork. It is very flavorful.I'm seriously salivating like a Pavlovian dog just writing this review and looking at my calendar to see when I can next get over there.
5	My husband loves Midwood Smokehouse, he's been there for two consecutive birthdays... so they must be doing something right! My only beef (get the pun, because I love their brisket -lol) is that they need to quadruple the size of the restaurant. There is always a wait... but the wait is well worth it.Don't forget to try the banana pudding on your way out the door, it is fan-freaking-tastic! Five stars all the way!I'm a Texan & their brisket is the best this side of the Mississippi. #realbbqisbeef
3	I'd give this place four stars+ but they seem to have portion issues. Food is consistent and delicious.PROS: Best brisket in the city bar none. Midwood chopped salad is to die for and the dressings are pretty amazing. Honestly, with the exception of the smoked chicken, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. CONS: I have been shortchanged on portions so many times, it's become laughable. I went to buy(and paid for) 2 pounds of pork bbq to take to a friend in New Mexico but when I got home to portion it out in zip lock bags, it was 19 ounces. Had the same thing happen twice when I got a lage brisket plate to go. Supposed to be 10 ounces but both times it was 6 ounces. Called to complain and the manager was supposed to send me something in the mail but never took care of it or followed up. Bottom line, an awesome place to eat in but beware of take out. You pay for more than you are supposed to get.
5	Just an update to my previous review:I'm not certain if they changed the brisket sandwich for good...but it's now on a toasted bread with much less blue cheese.  Very good!I also feel the need to mention the Cuban.  I imagine that many people overlook something like a Cuban sandwich while at a barbecue joint.  I too, tend to be one of those people...until now.  I am truly thankful, that I can so easily step outside of my box. But...now I feel like I'm going to be stuck for a while.  The Cuban sandwich is SO good.  I mean...really, really good!P.S.  Did I mention how good the Cuban is?Try:  Really??Avoid:  Not trying some sweet potato fries for your side...very nice
3	One of us had a taste for some BBQ, so on my monthly lunch trip with my lunch buddies, it was decided this was the place. I'd really like to give this place 5 stars but something was lacking. Don't get me wrong; food, service, ambiance, and drinks were on point. Maybe it was the portion size or the ratio of meat to bread, or the skinny crinkled cut fries.I had the Grilled Cheese with brisket with crinkled cut fries and Kentucky Slush Puppy.Kentucky Slush Puppy was on point. Not too sweet, refreshing, and not a lot of alcohol. (Amaretto Sour is my favorite drink if that tells you anything)The Grilled Cheese w/ Brisket was good. I guess my one problem is there was more bread than anything. Also I was expecting meat, cheese, and onions to be pouring out of my sandwich. I like a mess when it comes to BBQ... and leftovers. I mean this is the south... Bring on the large sandwich and overwhelmingly large portion of fries. Let me decide when enough is enough. All in all... It was good. Perhaps, I made the mistake of comparing this place to BBQ's. ill give it another try.
5	I can't believe I never tried this place when I lived in Charlotte! I'm so glad I bookmared Midwood to try out on a recent return visit to Queen City. My friend and I were visiting and I was showing her a true southern time.,, Meaning lots of BBQ of course. I thought this place would be a great fit to see the funky/cool plaza scene and eat some great food! Dannngggg (in true southern fashion)- this place is awesome! We sat outside and enjoyed the afternoon, ordered some sweet tea. It's insanely sweet, I recommend getting half & half. (sweet and unsweetened). Our waiter was helpful and made some good recommendations. The pulled pork sandwich was southern goodness at it's finest. We also ordered the works- sweet potato fries, hush puppies, mac and cheese and grilled veggies! Everything was so delicious! The mac & cheese was out of this world. To make it even better, our meal averaged 10 bucks a person. Doesn't get better than that.... parking can be tough just fyi.
4	Finally got a chance to try this place out after passing by it so many times on the way to Plaza shopping and bars.  We split a large pulled pork plate and a small chopped salad.  The pulled pork comes with the vinegar based sauce, but we were lucky they forgot to pour it on top so they put it on the side, and since it was my first time there, I asked to try out their other sauces.  I preferred their Midwood signature, which was sweet and smokey, over the NC vinegar, but to each their own.  The pork itself was just ok, as I've had better and I've had worse.  Now to the sides.  We tried the bacon wrapped jalapenos and the bbq baked beans.  The jalapenos were good with cheese inside, but the bacon was just too fatty as it was all baked together and didn't cook enough.  I was also wary of the baked beans since I know many places who just open up a can and serve.  Theirs were cooked right with some pieces of meat in it, making it very tasty.  I would definitely recommend the beans to any barbecue fan.Overall, the service was pretty good, as our server was keen to help us with the menu and seemed knowledgeable.  We came at an off-hour during the week, so I can't speak to the crowds here, but I can see an issue if the cramped parking lot that writhes around the building gets packed.  Will come back to try their other entrees and sandwiches!
4	This joint is located in Plaza Midwood and I think is very good! I've gotten the brisket, pulled pork, and mac and cheese which were all excellent.
5	Of course, the Cuban sandwich and the cheese stuffed, bacon wrapped, jalapenos are a must.
2	mac's is so much better.  that is all.
4	I give Midwood Smokehouse a 4 star rating, up from a 3, because of the manager response to my previous review.  I was so impressed by their dedication to quality product and service that I think it deserves another chance.  I'll let you know in a couple of weeks!!!
4	First time having barbecue in North Carolina, and I loved it! I didn't have too much variety, but I do want to rave about what I ordered. I got the brisket plate, and boy was it delicious! My only regret is ordering a mix of lean and fatty, instead of just fatty brisket... the fatty stuff was far superior to the lean stuff! I loved that in every bite, I was getting all this delicious fat mixed in with the meat! The hushpuppies were pretty good, I'm always a fan of pickled onions, and the no frills coleslaw was really good!If I'm ever back, I'll definitely try the other bbq, but at 10$ for my brisket plate, I'd always be OK ordering that
5	Ate lunch here yesterday, KILLER Q!!!! Is it as good as Lexington # 1, the world capital of bar b q? Well, i wouldn't go that far however, if you are looking for high quality Q in the city, this is THE PLACE, no doubt.
5	I spent two weeks in Charlotte and during that time, I visited four BBQ joints (well, three plus Boardwalk Billy's, which is BBQ in name only). Midwood was definitely the winner.Midwood had an extensive BBQ selection, including burnt ends. Here's a tip: If you go to a BBQ joint that offers burnt ends, you know you're at a legit smoke shop. I ordered the full rack of ribs and added a side of burnt ends. My ribs also came with BBQ slaw and bacon-wrapped jalapenos. The ribs were amazing. Perfect amount of smoke. The meat came off the bone with almost no effort, but they weren't "fall off the bone" (which is great because really, who wants their rib meat to fall off into their lap or onto the plate?). This place also caters to the gluten-free crowd with a dedicated gluten-free menu. Even the bacon-wrapped jalapenos were gluten free as they were not breaded!The burnt ends were delicious. I treated them as an extra appetizer. They easily could have been a meal.I can't imagine any BBQ restaurant in Charlotte being better than Midwood. The wait staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Our waitress also gladly did individual checks for all 8 of us without adding a gratuity. It probably worked out to her advantage that there wasn't a mandatory 18% gratuity, as I know my table far exceeded that.Hands down, the best meal I had during my two weeks in Charlotte
5	Really some of the best pork I've had. Very moist, flavorful, and juicy. The taste without the sauce was excellent. I honestly thought the BBQ sauce took away from the pork flavor. Cole slaw was not good, and the Mac and cheese was very so-so, but based on the excellent quality pork sandwich I will give it five stars.
5	We finally tried this place last Friday and it was AMAZING!!  The brisket was so tender and yummy.  The hush puppies we delicious too.  The service was outstanding.  The pecan cobbler was so good.  We will def be back.. and the prices were reasonable.
4	Burnt ends are amazing. The Fat Tire BBQ sauce tastes great and the greens and BBQ slaw are great pairings.  Big secret... Best time to go is Sunday afternoon. Very laid-back, great service, not crowded, football on the TV, beer is cold and food is hot! Love this place!
5	Omg I just tried this place for the first time today and it was amazing! I only had a few small bites before coming to the conclusion that this is some great BBQ!! I am so glad I found this little treasure! I will most definitely be back again, again and again!!
4	Very cool place to eat just outside of main Charlotte downtown area. I has the burnt ends and baked beans. Baked beans are AMAZING! 30 bucks for 2 people including an app. And you can smell it from the parking lot and shops nearby. My wife said the turkey sandwich is the best she ever had.
4	This place was awesome! After reading about it online four of us went and we tried the burnt ends, pulled pork, bacon wrapped jalapenos, sausage, brisket and ribs. Everything was really good, not one thing to complain about. We also got an apple cobbler and banana pudding which were delicious. We would definitely go back. Side note the service was fantastic. Super friendly and helpful with suggestions on what to order.
5	This is the BEST BBQ I've had since the BBQ I had in Lexington! The vinegar sauce is amazing! The pork platter, the brisket, everything is spot on. You can taste the smoke in the meat and its always so tender and juicy. The service is great too. Being a server, this place offers customer serviceman great food for a decent price. The decor is decent too. Old school. EAT HERE NOW! It's totally worth it!
4	Went here on a busy Saturday night on the recommendation of a friend. The beef brisket (lean) was the best I've eaten anywhere - and I've eaten plenty in my day. The ribs were a bit dry. The highly touted creamed corn didn't do it for me. I didn't like creamed corn before and I don't like it now, so no deduction for that. Another friend of mine had the smoked sausage and raved about it. The big surprise for me was the appetizer of smoked chicken wings! Meaty and delightful - not fried or swimming in sauce.Extra credit points for the men's room decor!
5	The Mac and cheese is amazing! Awesome service and everything is always fresh!!!!
5	I was visiting Charlotte for a business trip and wanted to try some BBQ.  I am something of a BBQ aficionado, and Midwood had the best beans I ever tasted in my life.  Also, the ribs were awesomely delicious.  The day I was flying back, I checked out an hour early just so that I could have another meal there before I flew out.  Fantastic!
5	Yummy food and friendly service. Good value. For your first time, bbq sampler is a good option, but the ribs are the best.
4	This place is quite good and worth traveling outside of uptwon Charlotte to locate (much better than the BBQ I tried in uptown).  They have a good menu selection of pulled pork, chicken and beef brisket, and a healthy choice of sides to choose from.  The problem I had was what to try, but my salvation was the taco plate.  Yeah, that seems like a strange offering in a BBQ place, but you could mix and match 2 or 3 tacos to try all meats (pork, chicken and brisket), and it comes with a choice of side too.  HINT:  The creamed corn, and bacon wrapped jalapenos are delicious.  The coleslaw comes on some of the tacos, so you got to try that too, and it was good.  We got fried pickles as an appetizer and a couple of local Carolina craft brews on draft made for an enjoyable meal.  Too full to try the cobbler for dessert, maybe next time.
1	This place insists in disappointing us with their terrible service. It so Saturday at 8.30 PM. The waitress has the gall to tell us that it is "late" in a Saturday so they don't have either the drink I want (because they ran out of "one of the ingredients") or the food we all want. This place keeps tempting us with good food but pushes us away with consistently bad servers, consistent mismanagement of food inventory and a general feeling of carelessness.
5	Yummy. Sweet sauce is excellent. Ribs meaty and succulent. Mac & cheese is great as well. Go now!
5	This is a must try for the Barbecue lovers in Charlotte.. I lived in Charlotte for only a few months and I came here at the recommendation of a friend. Definitely am glad that I came here. I remember coming here very late, must have been 10:00PM  - surprised that it was a full house. I got a pulled pork sandwich with macaroni and cheese and it was divine. If you are a true barbecue lover or just in the mood for something new, you must come here! You certainly won't regret it. Enjoy!
5	If you want brisket, this is the place to go. I live in NJ and I'm in Charlotte probably twice a year visiting relatives. I must stop in and get my fix every time I'm down there. I have not found brisket so tender and juicy as Midwood. You will not be disappointed.
4	The winner here was the pulled pork for me.  I liked the vinegar sauce very much.  The pork was juicy and a little smokey and perfect with their sauce.  The smoked veggies and greens were excellent as were the hush puppies that came with my meal.  The ribs were pretty good.  I ordered them dry, not wet.  I liked the rub.  The ribs were a little overcooked and tough on one end and just short of dry.  Their house red sauce was good and was almost a little much when combined with the ribs.  They're ok.  I didn't like the beans.  They're in tomato or something and a little pasty.  Not my taste.  I liked the place and the service was excellent.
3	Good service and good basic BBQ but nothing out of this world.  I had burnt ends, which were good.  Good draft beer selection.
5	I grew up near KC and am a brisket lover. This place was phenomenal to say the least. I actually made a noise of joy when I tried the baked beans!!  (No joke). The brisket and meal is easily the best BBQ in Charlotte. Great job team!!
3	Pros:Good music on radio.They played Todd Rundgren during dinnerLots of server attentionDecent selection of draft beerPulled pork was goodCorn side was goodPortions were largeCons,Hush puppies were unbeatable.AwfulBeef brisket was waaaay too saltyMac and cheese was a fried puck with cheese sauce Tiny serving of vinegar sauceExpensive$24 for two meat platter with one beer.NYC prices
5	This place is so good, I'm writing the review at the table. In a word: Legit. The table had burnt ends, jal poppers, Mac and cheese (zomg!), the St. Louis ribs special of the night. It was all amazing. With food this good, the service hardly matters, but it's worth saying the staff is so friendly you won't want to leave. Our server was so nice, we wanted to buy him a present. (New baby on the way.)We'll be back often.
5	Got stranded in Charlotte for the night and had to try some BBQ, made the cab ride out to experience it. There is a wide selection of local beers, guest beers, and bottled beers. The food was delicious and the atmosphere laid back. Worth the journey!
5	Yum!  I had the delicious and creative tacos with brisket and pulled pork, while my husband split a massive platter with my dad (fortunately, I got to sample theirs too). The coleslaw was great with sweet hunks of fresh corn cut from the husk.  All was fantastic!
5	This place is so great. As a native North Carolinian I am always on the hunt for great BBQ and this place has won my heart. They also have great sides my favorite is the baked Mac and cheese.
5	Eight of us went to the Midwood Smokehouse today for lunch.  It was a a great experience.  Two of us shared a four meat (pulled pork, ribs, brisket, and sausage).  We had sides of Mac and cheese, and bacon wrapped jalopenos.  The meat selections were excellent, very tasty!  Everyone enjoyed their lunch.  Service was excellent.
4	Some good old BBQ action.This place has everything a BBQ place should, from the awesome menu options, to the decor, to the friendly staff.I had the 4 meat plate with ribs, brisket, bbq chicken, pulled pork. Mac & Cheese for the side with collard greens. Yeah I was hungry, please don't judge me. All of the food was great and to my liking.  I also had me some sweet tea whiskey to wash it all down. A bit too sweet, but who cares, I was in the moment with the BBQ anyways.
4	Had the burnt ends with Mac n cheese, hush puppies and Texas toast. The small meal was more than enough for 2 meals. The BBQ sauce that's mixed with fat tire has a bit of spiciness to it but not overpowering. I also had the devils cut bourbon with pineapple and ginger soda, for a non bourbon drinker it was pretty good. I want to come back and try the sandwiches and other sides. The area is a bit small but the decor is pretty neat.
4	The brisket is the best we ever had.  Just the brisket itself would be 5 stars.Parking: the parking lot is very small.  When we leave the parking lot, you have to drive to the back of the parking lot and exit onto the side street.  The side street has cars park on both sides and is only wide enough for one car to pass through.  When we were leaving, we nearly got hit by a car that was making a left turn onto the street.  Just be careful.Service: great service. The hostess greeted us warmly.  Our waiter was very friendly and keep our drinks filled up.Food: Other than the brisket, I only liked the sweet potato fries.  These were the other things we ordered:- Pimento cheese fries: Crinkle fries tasted like the frozen kind.  It was very cheesy.  My kids absolutely loved it.  - Smoked wings: too much smoke flavor for me- BBQ Pork Sandwich: It was pretty good.  - Combo platter (pig out): Three of us shared this platter and we still had left over.  We picked 2 portions of combined (fat + lean) brisket, sausage and ribs.  And the side items were mac n' cheese and sweet potato fries.  Everyone loved the brisket.  The sweet potato fries were one of the best ones I had.  I didn't like the hush puppies or the mac n' cheese at all.    Two days later, we stopped by and bought a pound of briskets (from the bulk order) to go.  The bulk order would need 24 hour advance notice.  We were lucky that they had enough for us to buy it that day.  By the time we got to our hotel, the brisket was cold.  It was still very good.If we are in the area again, we will definitely stop by to get some brisket.
4	The BBQ ( and all of their other food) is so good here!I got St. Louis Style Pork Ribs with Hushpuppies, Mac & Cheese & Baked Beans. The ribs were full of flavor, and so moist, that they practically fell off the bone. The sauce I got was the Midwood Signature and they've got it goin' on. The hushpuppies were so good. They were perfectly fried and were little bites of yumminess. The mac & cheese and baked beans were good as well. We also got some Banana Pudding for dessert and it was really good. It was fresh, creamy, and full of banana-y flavor.The service was good. Our waitress was very helpful and checked on us pretty often, even though we were sitting outside.This place gets packed as the night goes on, and parking is bad since the lot is small. So yeah, if you don't want to wait long, or deal with parking, make sure to come here earlier.
4	I cannot believe almost 6 months later and I am just now writing this review!  When I was on vacation in June and visiting my sister, she wanted me to try out a 'cue place she told me was pretty solid.  I am indeed a huge fan of Carolina style cue, so I was excited to see how this place would fare against Memphis.Hidden away in hipsterville, this place is nestled on the bottom left of a I think 2 story strip mall.  There was some construction behind the place, so with that being said, parking was real tight- but I managed to find a spot on the street (and didn't get towed!).The weather was perfect to eat on the patio, but we decided to eat inside.  Inside, it looked like there were 2 rooms, separated by the bar.  We sat in the bar area- which was cool, because our server was hot as hell- hell yea!When we got the menus, I was torn about what to get, but I was hungry as hell too- so I got enough food for 3 people- the whole rack of ribs an order of some bacon wrapped jalapenos, and some other stuff.  My sis got a plate of pork with some sweet potato fries.It looked like they had a pretty solid beer and mixed menu- but the Kentucky slush won me over.  I think I only got 1 (didn't want to get shwasted by 2, even though it was vacay).  It was pretty tasty, but I found it funny they served it in a Shiner (a TX beer) mason jar.  Hell yea!When the food came out, my eyes opened up wide.  It looked as good as the place smelled.  I tell you what- I will say it again, this is the kind of shit I live for- and those were good enough to be in the top 5 racks of ribs to ever touch these lips.  And It left me full as hell.  I have no idea how I did it, but I dommed the whole plate!  Believe it or not, I didn't get sick either!  However, I did take a nap after the meal :)A lot of eye candy, solid food and drinks are always a plus in my book.  The place seemed clean as well and they had tvs to keep you entertained if you didn't feel like conversing with your sister.  If parking wasn't such a pain, I would push the 4.5 up to 5 stars!  Cheers!
5	Stupid good bbq.  I have tried many barbecue joints in NC and was really searching for a place I could take my friends that visit from Kansas City and Texas.  I found my spot.  Unassuming outside, but very cool on the inside.  The local beers on tap were awesome.  The menu offered more than the lexington style pulled pork with slaw.  There was so much I wanted to try on the menu I can't wait to go back.  I had the brisket and mac and cheese.  Both were excellent.  The dry rub/crust on the brisket was smokey and delicious.  I also enjoyed the pickled onions... who knew I liked pickled onions.  When I go back I want to try the burnt ends, greens and bacon wrapped jalapenos.
5	This place is a must for barbecue novices and enthusiasts! My husband and I ate here on Friday night for the first time but not the last! I am a very picky eater & enjoyed everything I ate. The Brisket was very good! They even ask if you want fat, lean, or both, which, I now know,means they know what they are doing! Richard & his staff made us feel welcomed and appreciated as customers! Be sure to save room for dessert-the Pecan Cobbler is amazing!
5	Oh yummy! I went here with a friend recently, and not only was the service SPECTACULAR, but the food was incredible. I really enjoyed the bacon wrapped jalapenos and the brisket sandwich! Hooray! The meat was tender, juicy, and super flavorful. There are many items on the menu that I want to try...but alas...my calorie counter won't let me try everything at once. So, I guess I'll just have to go back ;)
4	Really great food. The beef is great. Their Eastern NC sauce is excellent. The only gripe I had is that the people working here claim that their portions are big...they are not. So as a result it's slightly overpriced. The banana pudding is the best I've ever tasted, truly amazing.
4	I love the fun atmosphere of Midwood Smokehouse. The service has been good at the bar. This last time I ordered the roasted chicken, collards and vinegar slaw. I thought that the chicken was a bit dryer than I would like. The first time I ordered the chicken it was just right so maybe this was an anomaly. The collards and slaw were very fine. The take out packaging was good and the bartender checked everything before I left. The biggest negative is their wine offerings. Their beer selection is great but if you are not a beer drinker and prefer wine, it's pretty slim and just "OK" even though they serve the wine in very cool cafeteria milk glasses from my youth... Lets put forth a bit more effort on wine please.
4	1. Bacon wrapped jalapenos2. The little crunchy pieces of ice3. Awesome local brews on tapDo you really need to know more??
4	So, we went to Midwood after a show, for a late dinner. This was my first time there. When we walked in, the hostess ignored us. I hoped that was not a precursor the service we were about to receive; I was wrong. Our server was worse. However, the food was fantastic. I tend to be disappointed when going out for BBQ, I guess I am just used to my own. We got the pig out platter and chose pulled pork, smoked sausage, bbq chicken and brisket. For the sides, we got the bacon wrapped jalapenos and mac n cheese. The peppers were awesome, the mac could use some work, though. Though the service sucked, my better half assured me she had much better service when she had been there with a friend. I will most definitely give this place another try, with the hopes I don't get the same server.
5	This place is great, I love their brisket and cole slaw.
4	Lowcountry as sweet teaI know my own tasteI shove mustard-based BBQInto my faceAmbling into this split level Church of smoked porkI ordered a plate of pulled..and a forkThe sauce, so tangyI said, "Wait a sec...This vinegar baseDefies my red neck."And the puppiesSo crispy, the insides so sweetExtra sauce on the sideComplimenting the meatNo Bush's Best, no sir!No salty slime douseThe baked beans they bake here,They bake them in houseIf I had a thtomach of much wider girthI'd have thtuck around longerAnd had thome desserth.  Instead I played corn holeOn the patio out frontAnd finished my beer'Cause I do what I wantOne day I'll returnFor vinegar suitsThose weeks that I driftFrom my mustard base roots.
4	After posting my review, Cory L. got in touch with me and wanted more information about my visit. She was very responsive and even asked my thoughts on things. This proves to me that I had a rare occurrence when I was there, as I thought may have been the case. Big thumbs up to customer service and Cory! Thank you for taking the time to respond. I look forward to my next visit there, I have been wanting more of that brisket and the bacon wrapped jalapenos!
5	Very good Q. Generous portion. Collards are worth getting. Service was super. Asked for outside cut and they said they could not accomodate that request but it came about half and half which was perfect anyway. Have to go back and try the ribs. They looked great. Worth the drive. Parking can be a challenge at lunch rush hour, so arrive before or after the peak.
4	The bacon wrapped jalapeno, lean version of the brisket, and the St. Louis ribs were as good as all the reviews.  The staff was very courteous, so we felt appreciated.   Would certainly recommend this place to anyone.
4	Great BBQ and ServiceWe went here on a very busy Saturday afternoon. Got seated very quickly. We ordered one of the combo plates. It was just enough for the 3 of us. Turkey was a little dry,but the pulled pork and ribs were great. Good sweet tea as well. Everyone was polite and attentive.Parking can be challenging.
4	In town for one night and wanted BBQ.  Found Midwood and gave it a try.  It was nice to get out of the rain.  Atmosphere is very nice, clean and relaxing.  Waiter was friendly and beer and food selection were good.  Decided on the small sampler plate to try a few bbq items.  Brisket, turkey, pulled pork were all very good.  Vinegar and bbq sauce was average to good.  The sausage link was not to my taste but overall food, drink and staff were really good.
3	Maybe it's because I moved from Texas, but this barbecue is sub par. The best thing was probably the Texas style brisket lol. The sausage was good and the ribs were too, meat slid right off the bone. I wasn't really a fan of the pulled pork, coleslaw, or creamed corn... :( Again, I don't know if it's a Texas thing, but any barbecue place I've been to gives you plenty of pickles, onions, and slices of bread! So, overall, my food experience here was just alright. I don't think I'll be coming back.The great things about this place is that waiters and managers were very friendly, the beer selection was was decent, and you get a selection of sauces.
4	OK- we have been going here for years now. I think the quality might be slipping. Or maybe it is just inconsistent. Sometimes we LOVE THIS PLACE and other times it is "meh".I highly recommend the salad with BBQ and avocado dressing.My husband recommends the ribs.
4	Terrific 'Q, outstanding beer selection, and a great atmosphere. My only complaint is the parking, which is pretty tight. I enjoyed the Brisket Sandwich I ordered, but wasn't thrilled when I realized it came with blue cheese. My fault -- not theirs. I plan on going back soon to try something a little more traditional.
5	Great food and service.  The hush puppies were the best and they had a ton of side options!
5	This is going to be a fairly short review because simply put: my favorite BBQ in the city. I regular here a few times a month and it's easily one of the most consistently delicious restaurants I've ever been to. The BBQ burnt tips are one of the best BBQ dishes I think I've ever had (including the infamous Rendezvous in Memphis!) and their sandwiches are always tender and hot. Once and a while they'll have a Garlic Wing special. If you go and they have them you hit the lottery; they're incredible. The wait staff is always on point, fast but not quick to rush you out. It's always incredibly clean and the drink specials are usually pretty decent. I don't have a single negative thing to say about this place and I've eaten here literally dozens of times.
4	Having tried Mac's, Sauceman, The Q, and Midwood - I'm ready to call this contest for Midwood.  Everything I've eaten there has been beyond belief.  The other places seem to have some issue - too fatty, lack of flavor, too much sauce.  Midwood strikes a perfect balance with the bbq.The sides are also amazing.The only knock is the beer selection - Mac's and The Q have them beat.
4	Cold beers, Fried pickles, burnt ends with hush puppies and smoked vegetables. Finished with banana pudding. Would do it again and again.
4	After having been to city smoke, mckoys, mac's and saucepan's, this place is by far the best. The grilled veggies are delicious and I love the combo plates you can get with different meats and sides. The bar area with high top tables are a nice edition because you can catch a game during dinner. No complaints about service or quality of the food! Only downside is parking is a little scarce during peak hours.
4	Cool for what it is, but it ain't all that. I'll have to give this place another try and have the wings since I hear they're really good. I came here on a Saturday night to order take out and the place was PACKED. Like, no room to move packed. Ordered the food and I think it took about 30-35 minutes. $35 bucks for the "Pig Out" platter was enough to feed 4 ppl. The meats had decent flavor and were pretty good, the sides were just ok. The pickled onions were good!
5	My significant other and I have been here three times so far and this past time was the best. The ribs and the hushpuppies are delicious! Also having grown up in the south, I must say their sweet tea is one of the best I've  ever tasted. Service is always great and quick.
4	The food was wonderful will take all my friends and family there. The beef brisket is so tender it just melts in your mouth and don't get me started on the hush puppies...wow
4	Rainy Sunday lunch. Beer selection is good, adequate and cold enough.  Food was very good. Wife had tacos and preferred the Stockyard as it had a great unique flavor while the Red Neck was equally good but had that expected in a southern pull pork BBQ joint.  I had the pull pork sandwich was pretty dog gone good with the BBQ slaw on it. The vinegar based "sauce" was unique which should have pushed the ranking to 5 stars, but ... The "beef" I have with the place is the price. $7.50 for a sandwich and $10 for 2 tacos is steep which for those prices should have included a couple hush puppies - a staple of all southern BBQ joints.
5	best bbq in charlotte.....bacon wrapped jalepenos were just alright though. bacon seemed a little on the chewy side, possibly just a preference. hushpuppies awesome. baked beans awesome. also, they have great ice. service was wonderful, friendly, energetic
5	Great food, great service.. got there late so they were out of some items but everything they did have was exceptional
5	Finally had a chance to check this place out after hearing so much about it. And it always looks busy, so it must be good right? Right!The place is very casual, but service with a smile and good BBQ!!! Better than Mac's Speed Shop, I thought. But, I'm not a BBQ snob... I just know good food :)We tried the brisket tacos, sausage, chicken... sausage was YUM and a large is more than enough for 2 to share.Sweet tea is VERY sweet, even with 1/2 and 1/2.Overall, price, location and service was great. Wear your baggy pants ;)
5	We have been coming to Midwood about once a week for 2 years. I never grow tired of their chopped salad, fresh Romaine lettuce tossed with black beans, corn, cucumbers, tomatoes, carrots and cheese. I LOVE this salad. The smoked wings are large and tender and oh so good. The ribs are fall off the bone delicious. Service is always friendly and prompt. Cannot say enough good things about this place.
5	First, let me start this review with saying I am a MEAT man.  Walking through the front door my senses perked up with the very delicious smokehouse smell.  We arrived on a Friday around 11:15 AM to beat the lunch crowd and there were only a few tables seated.  Our waitress was great and helped us through the menu and local beer options (we told her that we were newbies).Items that we ordered:1) Bacon wrapped jalapenos - YUM and very spicy, nice kick and goes along with beer.2) Pig Out - 4 meats - Turkey, Brisket, Ribs and Pulled Pork - WOW.  Simply amazing!  So much food we split it and brought the rest home for dinner.  One note the baked beans were probably the best ever (laced with meat).Please check this place out if you have not tried it.  I found this restaurant on Yelp and appreciated the other reviews from the Yelp community.You will not be disappointed and I look forward to going again!
5	We ordered a huge order from Midwood for a party.   It was all delicious.  The barbecue was tender, juicy, and tasty.  The side dishes were all outstanding.  The coleslaws were all outstanding.  Really is the best barbecue in Charlotte in my opinion.  I ate so much barbecue that it will be quite a while before I'll crave some.
5	Great Carolina BBQ place! First time having Carolina style BBQ and this place was awesome.  Pulled pork - awesome.  Brisket - awesome. St. Louis ribs - awesome.  Hush puppies - F'in awesome! Actually the first time I had them and were so good I ordered an additional side order for dessert.  Definitely look for this place if you are in Charlotte.
5	Best beef brisket in town! The sides are also VERY tasty - my fave are the smoked veggies!
5	Yep!  This place is awesome! !!  Best meat in town.  It's that brisket.   I dream about it!!
4	Yelp helped us find this place and --whoooo boy, were we in for a treat!  Ordered the 4 meat + 2 side platter.  All the meats were great.  All the sauces, too.  But here's why I really appreciated Smokehouse and gave you 5 stars.  The coleslaw and hush puppies were fresh, delicious and had some thought behind them.  I feel like with lots of BBQ places they spend so much time on the meat that the sides and (god forbid!) the hush puppies are a ho-hum afterthought.  Not so here.  Bravo.--Oh wait, but I didn't give you 5 stars and here's why...The reason you don't get 5 stars from me is because of the kid's food.  We ordered chicken fingers and mac-n-cheese for our 3 year old.  My food philosophy with kids is that they are basically small adults and shouldn't be coddled to with garbage, dumbed-down, obviously-from-a-bag chicken fingers.  You guys clearly respect meat so how's about making something good for the kiddos? --Something less spicy and less seasoned than the grown up choices but still actual good food...not frozen junk.
4	Great place for meat person like me!!! Highly recommend Bacon wrapped jalapenos and smoke wing for appetizer and combo for two!! Be there early if it's weekend night I went there saturday night and waited for half an hour.
4	I was in Charlotte for work and being in NC, wanted to get some local BBQ. I was staying downtown and found this place on Yelp. Based off the reviews I checked it out (I had a rental car, you would definitely need to drive if you are staying in downtown). I got carry out as I was by myself but it looked like they had a lot of good local beers on tap I would have liked to try.I got the Carolina Pork and it was really good. The pork was tender and the sauce was just right - the vinegar wasn't too strong at all. The hushpuppies that came with it were REALLY yummy. The pork and those alone would have been enough for me I realized after I started eating but the small came with one side. I got the sweet potato fries and they gave me what seemed like a pound of them. They were good but I barely made a dent in them because the pork and hushpuppies were way too yummy.They have a place at the bar to order specifically for carry out but then didn't really have an area to sit and wait. The bar was full of patrons so I had to stand and wait for my food. I didn't have to wait too horribly long but it was still odd that they didn't have a  waiting spot.
4	WOW WOW WOW.  We travel a lot and we are huge fans of BBQ.  We frequently visit our local BBQ place in New York and I think we found one that takes the mark.  This place is a wonderful local place with excellent food and great service.  We went on a Sunday during church hours so we had no wait (go before 1pm for lunch).  I ordered the brisket plate which came with your choice of lean, fat, or both types of brisket.  Me being the meat lover, I went for both types.  The dish also included typical southern sides, and hush puppies.  The atmosphere was wonderful and the kitchen was pumping the smell into the dining room making you hungrier.When the food came, I could not wait to sink my teeth into it.  The fat on the brisket melted in your mouth.  I used the back end of the knife and fell apart so beautifully.  Very attentive staff and wonderful food and prices definitely puts this place on the top of our list.Only one caveat (they had no control over) was that parking was EXTREMLY limited.  They share a 30 car parking lot with 2 other businesses.  They also had street parking which was hard to find.
3	Food is ok...not great. The service is inconsistent at best. Management is nowhere in sight. There are better options in Charlotte.
5	Ton of food. ..All delicious!  I went with the tacos. I liked the tacos but could have easily been satisfied with just the side dishes.  Mac and cheese & creamed corn were awesome. Large place. Kid friendly. Outdoor seating available.
5	I first went to Midwood when it first open and all I can remember is the mac and cheese. I'm a huge mac and cheese lover so it doesn't necessarily say anything about the entree that I ordered but I was never really motivated to go back.Well this past weekend we were in the area so we stopped by. My boyfriend pointed out the brisket sandwich and I knew that is what I had to get. Tender brisket on Texas toast with red onions and the best part  . . . blue cheese. It not only lived up to expectations it exceeded it. The flavor was great. And yes, I did get the mac and cheese again and it was as great as I remembered it.Another must try is the bacon wrapped stuffed jalapenos.  They are great.  Wish they had been a little spicier but that can be hard to gage when it comes to jalapenos.I am already ready to head back to have that sandwich again.
1	COME ONNNNN!!!! you will HAVE to do a LOT better than a 45min wait, for a take-out order, after 2030 at night!!! I'm only gonna retry because you were honest and it was NOT my Mothers Day dinner! The place had customers, but was NOT full, either...patio half empty....NOT cold n flu season.
2	Nothing special... Side items were good, but ribs were blah! I wouldn't make this a regular place..
3	Disclaimer: I was born and bred on pure Kansas City BBQ, so I'm trying not to let that bias me. Too much, at least.With that being said, I'm a huge fan of BBQ either way and HAD to try some Carolina 'cue while I was out here. After some debate, we went Midwood since neither Kenzie K. or I had been here. Burnt ends were a little dry, and I had much higher expectations for the Fat Tire sauce (which I could barely taste). The Carolina Pork sandwich wasn't bad, and I'm glad that we at least were able to get samples of all of their sauces to try with it. Echoing what Kenzie said, the sides were a bit disappointing, especially the dry mac and cheese, and bottles of sauce would have been nice/preferred.I wish I'd been visiting longer so I could have had some more meals to really develop an opinion on Carolina BBQ beyond Midwood. I'm optimistic for my next trip back and subsequent BBQ trials...
4	Ate there on Mothers Day and NO WAIT for seating or food this time! YEA! I got the Cuban sandwich (I AM Cuban, from Miami) which was a fair sandwich for being done in NC, but NOT a true Cuban sandwich. Still, it WAS tasty and huge and the bread (which waiter told me is flown in daily from Tampa) was the best! I got the coleslaw as my side...decent slaw, not vinegar, not milky type. My son got the pork plate with mac n cheese and slaw sides. He is a strapping young man, hungry...and the portions filled him well. We got one of the bacon wrapped jalapeno appetizers and they are decent, too. Ours were cold when served, but tasty and I will go by and get them 'as a meal' from now on. Their margarita is tasty...enough alcohol and good tasting mix. Son got two different beers, one the Blue Moon, the other I didn't sample as I was driving. We'd sat on the patio in the evening before it got dark...nice! We'd go back again. I did notice that you can get a plate of sides, differing amounts, and I often eat strange like that (gastric bypass past). That way I'd have several meals of several healthy foods, but I'll be a regular bacon wrapped jalapenos peep IF they'll cook them to order so I get them HOT.
4	I know the entire world LOVES this place. I promise you this is not a "bangwagon" review. I personally find myself not easily impressed by any of the "OMG it's the best blah blah blah" places people typically raved about. Honestly I have no beef with Midwood Smokehouse, and I frequent enough to be "a fan." I should disclose the fact that I'm not a big BBQ person, thus this rarely is my 1st choice to dine at. With that being said, I suppose their foods are consistent and reasonably priced. I have my fav item here, which is their (not so) small salad with smoked salmon added. It's the most food you can get for $8, and semi healthy. Their Avocado Green Goddess is my dressing choice. I do have to say service is hit & miss. Brian was great this last time, which was a welcomed change. One time we sat at the bar, and the bartender refused my request to leave my salmon whole (I am not a cat, I don't like shredded fish). I thought that was rude and un-restaurant of them to refuse my otherwise reasonable request. PLUS parking is a pain, especially with all the new housing built nearby. If I can offer half star, this would be a solid 3.5-star place in my world. It's hump day, and I'll be nice and throw in the other half and made it a 4-star review.
4	I've sampled my fair share of barbeque from many different styles up and down the east coast and out west as well and Midwood Smokehouse can definitely compete with these guys. This place was already filling up 11:45 am on a Friday morning. It was a beautiful day so we snagged a spot on the outdoor patio and immediately start gawking at all the delicious-looking plates around us.I decided on the blue cheese brisket sandwiched served between two pieces of Texas toast and the boyfriend ordered the half rack f rib special but substituted the BBQ spaghetti with mac n cheese.The sauces same out way ahead of time from the food which is a bit of a pet peeve of mine especially when you are really anxious for your meal. Of course I sampled each one alone and new exactly which combination of each I like. The mustard-based sauce and then Midwood sauce were my favorites. We were surprised how long we had to wait for our meals as barbeque usually comes out pretty quick. Not a huge deal as I wasn't super excited about having to go back to work!Everything was pretty darn good. The sweet potato fries were most impressive to me (I'm very picky about my fries) and the brisket sandwich was very good as well despite a few chunks of fat. The ribs were not necessarily "fall off the bone" which is what I usually judge by but the smoky rub and sauce paired with the sauces on the table made it outstanding. The mac n' cheese was nothing to swoon over. I prefer creamy mac n' cheese and this was more of a chunky mac n' cheese.Next time I come back I'll definitely need to try a traditional pulled pork BBQ sandwich along with the delicious sweet potato fries.
4	Food was quite good. Burnt ends and Smoked Mac n cheese where outstanding Service was not great but I would return
4	Woo! I finally made it to Midwood! I love massive amounts of protein and I love massive amounts of BBQ sauce so I really dont know how I put off going to Midwood for so many years. Two of us split the Combo platter and at first glance, we were worried it wasn't enough for us but my gosh, it was enough and it was fantastic! The brisket is some of the best I've had in Charlotte at a BBQ place, the pulled pork was great, and the ribs were 'fall-off-the-bone-so-freaking-great' yum. We also got pork but it was covered in the mustard sauce that I don't like so I unfortunately didn't get to try it (I was a bit surprised that it came with sauce on it already and sad I missed out on it). I really liked the hushpuppies and there are some things I am really looking forward to trying in the future, such as the BBQ Queso. That just sounds delicious. I am happy I finally went and was very pleased. I can't wait to go back. Of my BBQ restaurants I've tried in Charlotte (and there's been a lot), this is top 3, maybe top 2!
4	Always delicious, always great service. Love the hushpuppies. Be sure to try the chopped salad and green goddess dressing. Yummm
4	Was visiting a friend in Charlotte who suggested this place. I had never had Carolina BBQ actually in NC, so I was eager to try it. I had a rather basic meal, but it was quite tasty. I had the Carolina BBQ Plate, the pork was so tender, and the vinegar-based sauce was savory and slightly spicy. The service is very friendly, just what comes to mind when thinking of southern hospitality. Good beer selection, especially a lot of NC craft beers that you can't find in MD. Meals are a bit pricey for the portions, though, I was expecting to get a bit more food.
4	It's hard to believe that I've been living in Charlotte for nearly eight years and this was my first visit to Midwood. It will not be my last.Service was excellent, sitting out side on the patio area and watching the sun fall behind the building as I sipped at a beer or three.We ordered a few different starters, but the highlight was the bacon-wrapped jalapenos. Hot hot hot, but yummy yummy yummy. Delish.For main, the special of the night caught me. Two tacos with the mac and cheese on the side. I'm sorry but I have no idea what was on them. Maybe one was pulled BBQ chicken with crumbled feta cheese and the other was beef with mac & cheese. Yes, a taco with M&C. Yum. Both were awesome as was the side of mac and cheese.I really need to come here again. And again. And maybe again!
4	Solid bbq. Good beer selection. Convenient location right in the heart of Plaza Midwood.
4	Another great barbecue joint in Charlotte.  We started off with the fried pickles and bacon wrapped jalepeno's.  The jalepeno's were excellent, full of smokey flavor and cooked just right.  The fried pickles were ok, nothing special though.  I personally like when the pickles are cut thick and these are pretty thin and greasy.  I shared the combo plate and it was good that I did as the portions are crazy big.  I tried the pulled pork, brisket, ribs, and chopped chicken.  All were really good, my favorite was probably the pulled pork.  The brisket isn't quite as good as Sauceman's but it definitely holds its own.  As for the sides, we had macaroni, collards, and hush puppies.  All were great as well.  If you're looking for a great barbecue spot, look no further.
4	Lunch, 6/2/14, seated immediately, friendly and knowledgeable hostess. I am an Eastern Style NC aficionado, having eaten it all my life. Others at the table did not have this bias. [g]Of the items I tried, I'll make comment. Ice tea rather bitter and watery, $2.00. Tasting the sauces -- 5 of them -- was great. I don't know if this is offered to every new customer but it should be. The one with the Habernero was my favorite and really well balanced. The Eastern style sauce was good, actually very good, but just a tiny bit on the sweet side (as Bob Garner said). But seriously, ask for the sauce tasting if you don't get it; they arrive steaming hot.Stars of the show: The fatty brisket. You must request it well marbled, and it beats anything I ever had in two driving trips across Texas. Next in line would be the ribs. Request them without sauce and use the sauce tray you earlier requested. They were moist, tender, and not too much char. Third star was the sausage. It's a rather sophisticated blend with a natural casing; they don't grind it there but they smoke it there.The hush puppies are fine, though probably started out as a mix. On this day, the macaroni and cheese was just too dry and one dimensional; I would not order it again. The collards were great, without as much grease as my grandma used.I do not recommend the fine chopped pork. The flavor is not quite there and the chop is too fine for my taste, but I've met old barbeque masters who prefer it that way. The vinegar/pepper sauce wakes it up for sure. I asked about banana pudding and was told that they use the old time method with Nilla Vanilla Wafers; that's something to try next time.
5	5 Stars for their Brisket and in comparison to all other BBQ joints in Charlotte (keeping it in perspective)Having traveled and lived in so many places across our great country, I've had the forture (or misfortune, depending on the experience) of trying a lot of different types of BBQ....from Texas, to St. Louis, to Georgia, Mississippi, Memphis, Kansas City, and now the Carolinas. All are delicious yet all have differences as well. I would say Midwood Smokehouse if BY FAR the BEST BBQ for quality in Charlotte. In my (humble) opinion, this to me isn't true Carolina BBQ.....when you try the Brisket, it reeks of TEXAS-style BBQ. BUT my friends, THAT is why is so darned good! That Brisket is some of the best I've had outside of Texas, and trust me, when it comes to Beef BBQ, Texas is KING! I'm pretty sure the owners will tell you that they tried to emulate a Texas style for flavor and texture. I've been here 4 times, and each time I always get at least one sampling of the Brisket, and each time it has been outrageously great! Perfect smoke, flavor, and melt-in-your-mouth goodness. I just cannot find that anywhere else here in Charlotte.IF you know of any place here in Charlotte that serves better BBQ Brisket, PLEASE let me know! The closest I've found is Saucemans on West Blvd. They're pretty darned good too, but not as good as Midwood Smokehouse.I've also tried their sausage, pork and chicken, and I thought all of them were pretty good. Not the best I've ever had, but pretty good. Certainly no where as good as the Brisket.I do love their jalapeno poppers too! Wrapped in BACON. Come on, how could you NOT like that?I haven't been here in a few months but wanted to provide my perspective on this restaurant given that I've seen some really negative postings here recently. I mean it's cool that we all have our own tastes and experiences. God knows I've ripped a few here lately myself. But overall, in comparision to what we have here in Charlotte, I still believe this place to be THE BEST in town.I wish we could do a Bobby Flay BBQ Throw Down here!
5	Great BBQ place. Everything we tried was delicious. The burnt tip, ribs, brisket, fried pickles quest dip was excellent. I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a good BBQ place.
2	I went to mid wood smokehouse on a Saturday night. That was a mistake; the wait for a table wasn't too bad - only 20 minutes but then it took an additional hour to actually get our food. It was extremely noisy and I was seated in the corner facing the wall which didn't help the perception of how long we waited.Moving on...We ordered the brisket and the smoked chicken. My partner said the sauce was just ok and the beans were terrible. I tried them to see if she was overly critical and have to agree. I don't know what they were thinking when they paired the flavors for the beans. This taste was definite not Texas BBQ.The smoked chicken was also just ok. It tasted as if it had been boiled and then smoked for a very short time. The "smoked" veggeis were grilled not smoked. Service was mediocre at best.Again IT WAS NOISEY!!!Suggestion: Get rid of the multiple TV screens (or turn the off) and turn off the canned music, and have some good live music to keep people entertained if you make them wait. And pay the musicians!All in all food just OK, service mediocre, atmosphere thumbs down!
5	Your review helps others learComing from Kansas City, I KNOW what good BBQ is!  I was very impressed.  Nothing I tried was even mediocre in the slightest.  I highly recommend the ribs in Habanero BBQ sauce.  They don't even need extra sauce.  The brisket was amazing in its own right, particularly with the crust.  I completely enjoyed the beans, the corn and my God...  the sauces!!  The pork was decent and was exceptional with the variety of sauces to add on.  I would also say that the sausage is amazing.  Most of the reviews on here don't tout the sausage and I don't know why!  Dip it in their variety of mustards and you've got a real winner.  It was nice to have the hush puppies as an add on to dip with, etc.Now, if this isn't enough to convince you, the people make it a spectacular experience indeed!  Both of my servers were absolute sweethearts and made me feel very welcome.  I would not have been surprised if I had been invited to go to a party afterwards.  Just incredibly warm people.  Richie Haddox the manager even stopped by several times to check on me and treated me to some great conversation as well as a little extra sauce.  ;-)  An awesome experience to be sure!These people know good BBQ and exceptional customer service.  Its too easy to find average or even bad customer service these days.  Tragic commentary on where we've come to as a society.  Not at Midwood Smokehouse, however.I'm definitely coming back the next time I'm in town, and to my buds back home... get ready!  I'm bringing home some killer sauce!n about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
4	SOlid BBQ. The gf and I sat at the bar in our usual fashion and ordered a few drinks before eating. The bartender (sorry, can't remember the name) was very friendly and gave us some recommendations for parts of the city to check out while we here. BBQ was solid as were the hush puppies. None of that smother your meat in sugary BBQ sauce crap; all tender, juicy meat, you add your sauce. You could not go wrong coming here, good atmosphere, good food, good company. Overall a memorable experience but wouldn't quite hit my top favorite BBQ places.
4	Beef brisket is on point, opted for both (fatty & lean), very tender and has the smokey taste to it. 8oz plate portion with one side is more than enough including the hushpuppies to fill you up.Sweet potato fries were the best I've had in Charlotte, on the crispy side with sea salt on top were great! The beer list is diverse and the prices are very fair
5	Awesomely delicious!My husband and I visit Midwood at least once a week, it is SOOO good!  We have taken all of our out of town guests here and had them cater our Christmas Eve dinner last year.  They smoke everything onsite andy ou can smell the meat cooking as soon as you step out of your car.  The bbq and brisket are fantastic and they have the best pulled chicken I've ever had.  They have a few sauces onhand so you can have thick, mustard or vinegar sauce to accompany your meal.  I love getting the Midwood Chopped Salad and I usually add the pulled chicken to it.  The salad is filled with grilled corn, black beans, avocado, cucumbers and freshly grated cheddar cheese. Another favorite meal to order are the tacos- you can mix and match so you can try bbq, pulled chicken and/or brisket at the same time.  The mac and cheese and creamed corn are out of this world.  Plan your visit now, you can't go wrong!
4	How have I not reviewed this place?!?!?!  Well here its; Brfisket Burnt ends with jalapenos wrapped in bacon as your side.  This is a game changer.  As originally frequenting Mac's and Queen City Q I thought i would give this place a shot.  My god thank god I did,  This bbq is my favorite in all of Charlotte.  The burnt ends are seriously out of control.  The ribs are great and so is the pulled pork queso.  Their draft selection is pretty decent offering a bunch of local and national options.  If you want to show your out of town friends BBQ bring them here
5	One of the top 3 BBQ experiences I've ever had.  That's right... Not a BBQ meal, but an EXPERIENCE!  I've lived in both Kansas City and Austin, two cities famous the world over for their BBQ...Midwood Smokehouse is world class.  You HAVE to get the pimento cheese fries with brisket. Wow.  The burnt ends are the best thing the menu.  Huge chunks of perfectly cooked meat drowning in a great Fat Tire beer-based sauce.  Their Mac and cheese is great too.Excellent service and nice atmosphere.  I'll be back every time I'm in charlotte.
5	Best BBQ in Charlotte
5	WOW, WOW and WOW.  This is serious BBQ and one of my favorite places in the last couple of years.  First, to roll in at 930p and still find the food appearing and tasting as fresh as when it likely opened was a welcome surprise.  I got a platter with chopped pork, chopped chicken, ribs and brisket.  The serving was the smaller platter but it was all I could manage.  The meat was perfectly smoked with intense smoke, but not too much.  Moist, delicious and even better when dipped in the three sauces brought with the platter.  Pickled onions and hushpuppies along with the bbq slaw and bacon wrapped jalepenos rounded out my dinner.  Pretty reasonable price for a great meal in a nice, upscale environment.
5	Here on tour. Pretty much perfect - get the combo platter, try all those great NC sauces. Baked beans were a nice surprise. Essential eating if you're in Charlotte
2	I've been to this restaurant three times now.... the first two were very good. However my last visit was not so good. The waiter Brian was anything but attentive. The large version of the burnt ends arrived cold. I  finally was able to grab a manager to send it back to be heated as Brian was no where in site. I ordered coffee with cream and he never asked if I wanted a refill... nor did he ever bring the cream I asked him for three times. And he never checked on us or asked if everything was alright until the end of the meal. The bottom line.... the food is always tasty (when hot) but the service on this trip was simply horrid. I'm not sure if I will go back.
4	Atmosphere: BFood: A-Service: B+Low key/casual, very good food, and good service pretty much captures the Midwood Smokehouse.  Both the setting and service were good, in fact, they complement each other well.  This is not an in-your-face place, which would be antithetical to what bbq is all about.  It takes time to smoke the meat, it should take time to savor and enjoy.The hickory smokes wings were very good; no sauce and they didn't need them at all. The brisket was very good and the collard greens-likewise.  I appreciated that one of the staff had a pepper infused vinegar and promptly put that in front of me--definitely good flavor there without overpowering the greens.  I like pickled onions....a lot and seeing them on the menu and then on the plate was a pleasant contrast to the rich brisket.  Midwood offers well balanced plate between the meat, greens, onions and hush puppies.I don't trust a bbq place that finds the need to smother everything in sauce, the true flavor is in the meat.  Yes, I know styles differ, but for me it is about the unadulterated flavor of the smoked meat.  Midwood does a very nice job.I would come back and try more on the menu.  If the other offerings are as good as the first, I could see going to five stars; however, with only one visit under my belt four stars are the maximum.
5	This place has some of the best Bar B Q!!  Love the brisket and the slaw is amazing!  I have only been there 3 times but every time is great!  Sometimes it's very busy on the weekend but worth the wait!  Great to sit outside and enjoy the view while enjoying great food.  All the sides are tasty!  I especially like the bacon wrapped jalapenos!  Yum!
5	Hands down my favorite BBQ place in Charlotte!  The brisket is the best I have ever had. Super juicy and just the right amount of fat! (Although you can ask for it lean if you don't like the fat.) My favorite side is the grilled vegetables but I think most people would go for the macaroni and cheese or bacon wrapped jalepenos. I also love the sloppy joe and grown up grilled cheese which have all the flavors of childhood with enough flavor for my adult tastebuds!  They always have great beer selections and unlike most every other restaurant in Charlotte they don't start blaring the music at seven at night.  Easily one of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte.
4	Our 12 hrs layover at Charlotte: Midwood was our second lunch.  My bf and I shared the combo platter.  The meal consist of brisket, spareribs, sausage, pulled pork, hush puppies, baked beans and Mac n cheese!  All that food for only $22!!!!!  All the meat was deliciously smokey flavored.  My favorite was probably the spare ribs.  Hush puppies were not too greasy, just wish that there was jalepeno in it.  The baked bean was just perfect, great tangy smokey taste.  The Mac n cheese was sooo good, especially the top crispy crust.  Our waiter Andra was very friendly and attentive.
4	Food was delicious and the service was great as well. Turns out that I got a little food poisoning later in the night however. May have just been an unlucky batch of the Carolina pork.
3	I had my first Midwood lunch experience today. Service was a bit slow and the place was jam-packed. The food was just as good as it is at dinner, my only real complaint is that there were too few servers and there isn't a lunch menu. I'll definitely be back, but Midwood is strictly a dinner place for me from now on.
5	My wife and I were visiting Charlotte for the Elevation Church Live recording at Time Warner Arena and needed some late night grub after that event. This place hit.the.spot.! The service was fast and very friendly, atmosphere was what you'd expect at a non-chain BBQ spot. Parking was easy. And most importantly the food was amazing. Great Mac and cheese, beef brisket was out of this world and the pork burnt ends were packed full of great smokey flavor. Definitely check this place out!
4	While I'm no BBQ aficionado...I loved this place.  Started with bacon wrapped jalapeno/cheese poppers what we smoked and delicious.  We sort of split tow plates: the Burnt Ends and the Pulled Pork.  With that had four sides: Fries (meh), coleslaw (just OK), baked beans (yum), and creamed corn (rich version).I enjoyed the pork more than the ends - pork was moist, perfectly pulled and sauced (with more available on the side) and nicely smoked.  The burnt ends were hit and miss - some nice and moist, others pretty dry.Nice beer list of local and non-local craft brews, great music and vibe with adequate service.  I'd definitely go back if ever back in town.  We were debating between this and Mac's Speed Shop (describe to us later by locals as having a "Hooter" feel...they affirmed we went to the right spot!)
1	I had the Carolina Pork BBQ plate. The taste was bland and the BBQ sauce was just ok. The hushpuppies sucked. The bacon-wrapped jalapenos weren't bad. I don't understand all the high reviews. I've had better BBQ in Miami and that's sad.Service was good and attentive, though.
5	Food was amazing. Service was great and had a good amount of local draft beers on tap.
4	Really good barbeque,  nice outdoor seating, and a decent beer selection.  We ordered plenty a ton of food, large combo platter, burnt ends, fried pickles, 5 sides,  and two desserts.  All of it was fantastic.  The burnt ends were the highlight followed up by the ribs. The meats had so much flavor,  which we were told was due to a wood burning smoker that ran 24 hrs a day.  We were told this was one of the few true wood burning smokers in town, which, if true is enough reason to eat here.  As for sides, all great with the stand outs being the super creamy mac & cheese and the bacon wrapped jalapenos.They had roughly 10 local beers on the menu plus all your standard options. Desserts were good, but not the highlight.
5	Best bbq I have ever had. Been searching for something comparable ever since I've been here with no luck.
5	Smack yo momma in the mouth,come back for more then punch yo daddy in the mouth, delicious!!!
4	My sister and hubby were visiting from out of town and were dying to try this place out.  We went on a Sunday evening and it was beyond packed.  We were a party of 9 and they told us it would be about 1 hour wait.  We decided to wait and about 15-20 mintues later my sister went up there and god knows what she said to them but we were seated right away.  To start of the smell of the BBQ was absolutely mouth watering.  Once we ordered and waited about 10 mintues then the waitress comes out to say they ran out of ribs.  HUH??? but ok, we decided to go with the saugage and brisket. Then we asked them for a complimentary appetizer to make up for running out of ribs.  Guess what?? They all of a sudden had ribs left, so we ended up getting what we originally ordered.Now to the food part.  The ribs and brisket were very tender, tasty and of good quality.  Definitely better than alot of other restaurants.  The baked beans we didn't care for.They are very reasonably priced, actually cheaper than I expected.  For the 9 of us the bill came to $110.00For the food 4 stars, price 5 stars and  the service, hhmm 3.  I would definitely try them again.
5	Got off the plane late and wandering around looking for dinner. Just happened on this. Wow! Amazing food. My son got burnt bits and I got the brisket - amazing food. Amazing service, friendly and helpful. Good collection of beer. And open late too.
5	I've been coming here since they opened and I'm not sure why I've never written a review. I was a die hard BBQ chicken sandwich fan. (With Mac 'n Cheese of course.) Then, on a whim I tried the Salmon Sammie. I've gone from a fan to an addict! At about 11:00 a.m. on Saturday I find myself craving my weekly fix! The salmon is always cooked perfectly w/ the right amount of seasoning and smoke and the tarter corn slaw puts it miles above any other salmon sandwich I've ever had. The combination of textures and flavors is fabulous! Plus, Melissa always greets us w/ a smile at the bar and even remembers what we drink!
5	So glad I finally made it out to midwood smokehouse. Food is incredible; I took our server's recommendation of the brisket and could not have been more impressed! The sides held up to the brisket too. I went with the mac&cheese and bacon wrapped jalapenos. I can't wait for my next visit. Service was great; friendly and attentive. Parking can be difficult, but there is a decent number of spots down the street.
4	It has been quite some time since I've found a place for BBQ - of course I haven't really been craving it in a while either.  I had driven by this place countless times (usually on my way to the other great restaurants in the area) but I am glad I finally made a stop in to experience it.I was super early to meet my friend, so I just hung out at the bar and took advantage of their drink specials.  The bartender(s) were super nice and quick and the bar did fill up rather quickly around dinner time.  Take out orders are also handled/processed at the bar so they got super super busy.  It was nice to see that the bar can multi-task without losing any composure.When my friend did finally arrive, we ended up sitting at a bar instead of getting a table so I didn't have to close out or anything, but it seems like a lot of people have a drink at the bar and then go have their meal in the dinning room when their party arrives.  We ended up getting a smattering of BBQ... the "Pig Out" plate that included:  Pulled Pork, BBQ Chicken, Ribs, and their brisket (Oh! and two sides) - went with the mac and cheese and bacon wrapped jalapenos.  The brisket was melt-in-your-mouth and the bbq was super tasty and everything I had dreamed it should be.This is my new go-to BBQ place based on my first visit.  Judging my the constant stream of patrons coming through the doors... looks like I may have joined everyone else as well (just a bit late).
5	Bbq is everywhere in the Carolinas. However, what I tried at Midwood Smokehouse stood out! I recommend going with the sampler platter and trying it all with a partner. The best meats were the ribs and brisket. Normally ribs at restaurants are grey bland meat, but these ribs were full of flavor and very meaty. Good selection of beers and cocktails.
5	I have previously reviewed this place, but I returned again and I tried the Pecan Cobbler.  It was a religious experience... the Pecan Cobbler is the kind of thing that wars could be fought over.   It was perhaps the BEST dessert that I have EVER had in my life.  I don't want to over play it, but it was served warm with a scoop of really good ice cream.   GET THE PECAN COBBLER!   What helps is that you eat all of this salty BBQ food and then finish it with a sweet cobbler.   Epic experience.
5	We had brisket, chicken and pulled pork, they were all equally delicious. Great sauces and sides. Cute, nice and clean place with friendly service.
5	Its part of the "Charlotte experience!" to me. On my first visit, we happened to find Midwood Smokehouse. While I do not go all the time now that Charlotte is my home. Anytime I have a visitor, I make a point to bring them to Midwood Smokehouse. I love the Carolina Pulled Pork. The sides are all delicious. Its great value for the money.
5	I LOVE Midwood Smokehouse. Everything I have tried has been prepared wonderfully.The salads are fresh and all of their dressings are homemade. I love the Salmon Sammie, grilled cheese,(be sure to add the beef brisket) and of course the sweet potato fries..they are to die for!!!  You can split a half rack of ribs easily with another person, the portion is that big! We come at least once a week and have never left disappointed!!
5	Amazing BBQ. I'm from Chicago and I'm always looking for some good ribs and pulled pork. This place has it!! Great service and a good time :) I will definitely come here again for BBQ!
4	Burned Ends were yummy, with just the right amount of fat and sauce on them. Service was a little slow. Parking can be difficult because of the small parking lot.
3	The food is good, but the service was so inconsistent.  We had a party of eight and the service started out fine.  Our waitress checked up on us periodically, but as soon as most of the food was delivered, she disappeared.  One person in our party did not get his food and it was 20 minutes before we could flag someone down (and that was not even our waitress; it was still another 10 minutes before we saw her).  You have a party of 8 and mandatory tipping is illegal now so you should be checking up on the table every few minutes, especially after the food is delivered.  The manager comped my friend's meal which was nice, but it was a bad experience overall.The bacon-wrapped jalapenos and the brisket were just okay.  I am not in much of a hurry to return especially considering the hassle of getting in and out of the place.  They also need some blinds or tinted plastic on the patio.
3	DISCLAIMER: I'm from Texas, where BBQ is a religion. This heavily influences my review.  The BBQ here is actually quite good.  I ordered burnt ends, which I haven't found yet at any BBQ joint. They were quite good, but came six to an order, with a side and a few hush puppies for $12.50.  I'd estimate, you are getting 6 oz. of brisket for that price, which is insane.  I could buy 6 oz. of filet minion for less. BBQ naturally uses cheaper cuts of meat..which is why they long cooking process. It should be cheap and quick and plentiful.  This was none of that.  I waited for nearly a half hour, which was made a bearable thanks to a large selection of draft beer. Since many of the N. Carolina BBQ restaurants I've been to offer signature Mac-n-cheese, I ordered that as my side.  Just like every other N. Carolina BBQ restaurant whose Mac-n-cheese I've eaten, this is nothing special. Hush puppies here are actually better than anywhere else I've had them in N. Carolina.  In Texas, you only get hush puppies with sea food, but here they are served with everything.  Generally, they are bland and frozen...but I think these are fresh.  I don't know why more places don't make their hush puppies fresh, since corn bread batter is probably the cheapest and easiest thing to fry.Another big plus for offering one of my favorite things in the entire world, bacon-wrapped jalapeno.  Where I come from, these are a staple of any cookout, but rare to find in a restaurant.  I will go back to Midwood Smokehouse, but I doubt I become a regular.
5	The fatty brisket is to die for.  This is a must stop for BBQ lovers   The wait staff and management are awesome. I stop here anytime I'm in the Charlotte area.
4	A top Charlotte BBQ joint. Very busy on nights and weekends so expect a wait. Pulled pork platter is my go to. It has a great vinegar based sauce with it that really draws out the flavor of the meat.
4	We went to Midwood Smokehouse on a Monday which was excellent because they have North Carolina draft beers for 1/2 price!  We drank great beer for a super low price.  I had the chicken sandwich with mustard sauce which was great, and a side of mac & cheese, also great!  I tried a bite of my friends pork sandwich with the vinegar sauce and loved it.  I also asked for a side of the Midwood sauce to try and dip the crinkle cut french fries in and was very impressed!  The coleslaw was chopped up very fine and very flavorful.  Our waiter was very nice and helpful.  The prices are very reasonable.A couple of downsides, unfortunately they didn't have any ribs yet available for us to try.  All the more reason to go back on a Monday and enjoy those $2.50 beers!  Also the hostess seemed very flustered and told us our table would take at least 15-20 minutes when in fact we waited for less than 5.  Luckily we didn't believe her first assessment since there was no one else waiting or we might have left....  Would be disappointing to lose customers because of this!
3	This place is a nice walk from our house.  We sat outside, and, although it was a little warm, we cooled down nicely.My husband ordered the salmon platter.  I requested the grilled cheese with smoked vegetables as a side.  The server asked, "are you sure you don't want meat with that?  We are known for our meat."  To which I replied, "I am known for not liking meat."  I guess he was supposed to push the meat.  And also,  he mam'd me to death.  I don't enjoy being called ma'am, but it's everywhere.  Call me babe or hottie instead.The food took a while to arrive.  My husband thought that maybe his food sat for a while.  My vegetables needed salted and peppered, which was an easy fix.  The sandwich was a bit thin on the cheese, but I was so happy to have bread.  I never eat bread, and Texas Toast was a treat.We enjoyed the 80's playlist and had fun trying to guess the artists.It was a nice, ordinary evening.
3	I really wanted to rate this place higher, but I just couldn't do it. The food was good, not great. The server was better than good, I had expected slow service after reading other reviews, but our waitress was on the ball with water refills and taking our order. We started with an order of hush puppies, which my Wife and Daughter enjoyed. My meal came with them, so I waited for those. Alex ordered a brisket sandwich, which was served stacked on a bun. She selected mac & cheese as her side. She loved the mac & cheese, and said that the brisket was OK, but not as good as I make. I think she was sucking up for something from her Daddy. Alina ordered the BBQ Chicken sandwich. She really enjoyed her choice, and had the yummy mac & cheese as well. I splurged, and order a large burnt ends plate, with sides of cole slaw and bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers. Let's start with the sides. The cole slaw was chopped, and a tasty mixture of white and purple cabbage. It was a little dry for my taste, but it was still good. I loved the pepper poppers. They were the highlight of the meal. The bacon was cooked just right, not crispy and not undercooked to be chewy. The peppers had just the right amount of heat, and the cheese blended nicely with the 2 flavors. I loved them (in case you missed that the first time). Lastly, the burnt ends. I have prepared burnt ends a couple of times, and I think mine turned out better. My issue with these are that they seemed more like chinks of meat, rather than the actual ends of the brisket. They were tasty, but mostly from the sauce they were tossed in. I liked the smoky flavor in each bite, but the meat itself was nothing special. So 3 stars? Mostly because of the price. Our bill was $42, with only 1 soft drink on the tab. For what we got, it was an expensive lunch, with no to go boxes.
4	So, I came back with some friends who were here on a stop for Phish tour. We went here before the show. I had not originally liked it but it was quite good this time. The bacon wrapped jalapenos were dank as fuck. And the cheerwine BBQ smothered burnt ends they do on fridays...HOLY FUCK. That was the good stuff. My friends from up North wanted Southern BBQ...and this was... close enough.
5	Came here with a few other Wounded Warriors for dinner and let me tell you it was delicious! Everything that was excellent! The waiters were extremely polite. The atmosphere was clean and friendly!  There is something about Southern BBQ food that I love, and this place has it going on.  I defiantly will be back to Midwood Smokehouse when I'm in the Charlotte area.
4	That is certainly some solid Q. I went with the regular sized portion of Brisket lean and fatty pieces. It was pretty darn good. I would certainly come back and get a larger portion. I was really impressed with the fried pickles/ the buttermilk ranch made that  portion frickin good.The Bacon wrapped jalapenos were sort of anemic to say the least they had decent flavor but they were so small and just really didn't look that appetizing. Great beer selections. My buddy had the half chicken which was a huge portion and it was very tasty but on the verge of being too dried out. I think overall this place is solid and prices are appropriate for what you get. The service  was also fast and friendly!
4	Yummers.  This place was recommended by a few people I know who have been to Charlotte so we decided to check it out during our visit and it did not disappoint.  Hubs got a pork BBQ sandwich with fries and BBQ beans. I got the pulled chicken sandwich with sweet fries. The chicken had a mustard BBQ sauce which went well with the chicken and the fries were perfectly crisp and warm.  Overall a solid BBQ joint with excellent prices and very personable staff and service.
2	Visited here around dinner hours and it wasn't too busy.  Ordered the fried pickles and they were actually the best that I had eaten in quite some time.  Wife wanted a mix drink and she ordered a Mai Tai.  Big mistake, the bartender wasn't at all experienced.  The waiter brought a small shaker glass full of this blue mess.  It tasted as if they just poured the two rums in a glass and sent it on its way.  I asked the waiter to take it back and put it in a bigger glass with some pineapple and orange juice.  When it came back it was sour and did not taste at all like a drink should be.  Told the waiter it wasn't good at all and he did nothing about it.My wife ordered the BBQ sandwich with slaw and hush puppies.  I ordered the small chopped plate with fries and the plate had some kind of onions soaked in vinegar and hush puppies.  This place had to have the worst BBQ that I have ever eaten.  The BBQ was mushy and just didn't taste right at all.  The hush puppies seemed doughy and the fries and slaw were actually good.The atmosphere of the place was cheerful and upbeat.  The staff was super nice.  Too bad the food wasn't all that good.
4	Stopped here based on yelp recommendations - it did not disappoint. We had the four meat sampler. Everything we tasted was excellent. The brisket and chicken stood out. The chopped pork was solid. The pork ribs were good, but I would not hesitate to choose something else next time. Arguably the part of the meal was the pecan cobbler. Amazing. Solid bbq joint, would not hesitate to drop by again when in town. Highly recommended.
5	I am ruined for BBQ. I will never eat BBQ at another restaurant in this city. The pimento cheese fries are a must. Also be a fat kid and order a side of the baked beans and dump those bad boys on there. Do it. For real. I would start listing things that are good here but I would start at the planter near the door. I love it all. Eat here as soon as possible if you haven't already. Burnt ends are a must for first timers.
4	My first bbq in North Carolina and it didn't disappoint.  The brisket was a bit dry, which has been an unfortunate trend I've noticed, so I will stick to pulled pork and ribs from now on.  The pulled pork was fantastic and the sides (hush puppies and beans) were excellent.
3	Decided to add this place to our have tried list for BBQ I personally think there flavor is a little to smokey for my liking ...the smokiest tasting anything I've ever tried ..I will say that they do have the BBQ nachos that are awesome ...cool divey  decor kinda biker bar ish cool place I thought ....
5	I recently relocated from Texas, and have been searching for some decent brisket. I was so thrilled that MS not only knew what wet brisket was, but produced some of the best I've had in a loooong time!  I am so excited that I now have an authentic bbq place to eat in Charlotte!  The service was fast and friendly, atmosphere great, and I also loved the side item of smoked veggies.  Delicious!  We are going back today!
1	Ordered food to go at 130 today and was told it would be ready at 202pm via email.... did not receive food until 245pm and was late for work because of it... also the employees were very rude and did not want to help me... thanks for letting me down and the bbq was just ok not great, will never go back!
3	Decided to come by here after visiting the record shop nearby as I saw a lot of people dining here. Parking was an absolute hot mess but somehow found a spot in an alley. The place was really loud, had sort of a bar atmosphere. Could see this being a great place to catch a game. They had a happy hour special on shiner bock which was awesome. Service wasn't that slow considering how busy they were. I ended up getting the brisket and when it finally arrived I wasn't too impressed. It was a little overcooked for my taste. Such a disappointment. My date had the cheese fries and they were pretty good. Overall not a bad experience but not a place I foresee myself visiting anytime soon.
5	Visiting Charlotte for the National Parks and Rec Convention. Our hotel the Westin, suggested Midwood Smokehouse. Great recommendation, friendly service, great atmosphere and excellent food. Loved the creamed corn, BBQ beans and banana pudding and sweet potato fries. And of course great, BBQ meats.
5	Great BBQ (pork and chicken) friendly staff, great service. Get there early if you want a table, they stay packed during lunch!!!
5	Yes I love bacon, yes I love pork, and yes I love this place!  I ate until my stomach, mouth and soul could eat no more.  The ribs don't even need sauce they are perfectly smoked and seasoned. The meat clings, just barely to the bone, and waits for just a hint of your teeth to come cascading into your mouth.  It's heaven from a firey pit.  Parking is a bit dicey at times, but worth the wait.
5	Love this place.  I have been here plenty of times for take out, as well as with big friend groups and even two work lunches. This place is really good. I am not a bbq expert like reviewers claiming they are super pro, I just like it frequently and I am really picky about how it tastes. Midwood serves just the right sauces with everything.  Sauce is basically my favorite part of the meal and these guys nail it. I love getting the hush puppies with the regular bbq sauce, or the thin vinegar nc style sauce with the pork. And I don't see a lot of people mentioning this, but ... the bbq chicken with the SC style mustard sauce, is probably my #1 favorite. It's so tasty.Also important: The staff have invariably been courteous and friendly to me, even when I show up 15 minutes before closing to please get a to go sandwitch. They never make me feel like it's the end of the night or anything, I get the same bright cheer I would at 7 pm. And 1/2 price nc drafts on mondays is pretty much the best.basically this place is great.
5	BBQ and Hush puppies hush puppies.....Every combo comes with hush puppies and it was so good. We ordered the choose 4 combo that comes four meats we chose a double order of BBQ with brisket  and smoked sausage. Our sides were the mac and cheese and collard greens. I must say everything was outstanding and they have the best BBQ I have ever had. They give the restaurant 12-Bones a run for there money, I must say. I highly recommend this place if you love BBQ and comfort food.
5	YESSSSSSSS SIR'EEEEE!This place is fantastic. Our server, Doc, was great. He gave some really good recommendations and was chill but attentive. There is a great selection of local brews that we enjoyed. He tried the smoked chicken wings with the fat tire sauce and ranch (such good sauces!) and it was sooo good. Meat was so tender, juicy and flavorful. We were about to get the queso with the pulled pork because it sounded also delicious, but the waiter recommended this because it was more of a speciality. I got the pulled pork sandwich so I could try some genuine Carolina BBQ, and the waiter suggested the creamed corn saying it was the best he's ever had. Well of course I had to try it! It was definitely delicious. I will say it is more on the liquidy side as opposed to being creamy per say, but I don't want to say "watery" because that implies a lack of flavor, which it definitely not the case. My husband got the cheeseburger that had the pulled pork on it, and it was also very delicious. Some SERIOUSLY GOOD EATS!! Plus they have corn hole to play outside, neat decor, and awesome murals in the back of the restaurant building!
3	Maybe I went on a bad day, but the food was alright.  I ordered the wings and it was alright and we ordered the brisket, but it was absolutely dry.  We had to buy the lean one (which might be why it was dry), but the fatty one was out.  Until next time!
5	Yep. Real BBQ, solid beer selection and professional service. Best BBQ I have had in the Southeast. Their brisket is as good as any I've had in Texas and Oklahoma.
4	I've probably been to most of the BBQ places around charlotte that are worth going to.  I would say this place is probably my favorite.  Came here with my family to get an assortment of BBQ choices.  I recommend getting the large platter to share if you want a variety of meat.  I am a brisket kind of guy, so I say this brisket comes up to par with some of the best in Charlotte.  Although its no Texas brisket, i would say this comes just right under Texas' brisket.  Nonetheless, this place is worth trying out.  The larger patter comes with 2 sides and your choice of 4 meats.  I would suggest just trying all they have to offer.  The BBQ pulled pork and sausage is great.  The brisket is amazingly tender and soft.  If you're looking for an appetizer as you wait, i would get the wings.  These wings are pretty decently made with a unique flavor of BBQ.  It isn't your typical type of bbq wings, but its something you must try.  All together i probably spent $60 to feed a party of 6.  We came out stuffed.
5	If it wasn't so expensive, I'd hightail it back yonder. Great portions for just one person (for God's sake, it was big enough for you to be full for supper and have a reasonable lunch for the next day)!
5	My hunt for the best barbecue in Charlotte has come to an end. I came to Midwood Smokehouse with my wife and the in-laws last weekend, and we were all wowed. We ordered Right away, I was pleased by the drink and beer selection. There are a lot of local brews available, and there are more than just the usual suspects. As far as the food menu went, it was really, really hard to make a choice. Everything sounds and looks terrific. I went with the burnt ends with hush puppies and mac and cheese, which were all fantastic. My table also had a sampler platter, which included pulled pork, some sides, and some wings. My mother-in-law got a salad; I didn't try it, but she loved it. I really don't think you can go wrong here. Now that I've tried the BBQ staples, I'm excited to try some of their more inventive options on the menu. There's a lot on the menu to explore, and I'm looking forward to the journey.
5	Best smokehouse I have ever been to. The spicy BBQ sauce is so good on their smoked pulled pork sandwich and the Mac n cheese is amazing. Will definitely be back here!
5	Their brisket is hands down the juiciest and most flavorful I have ever had!!  Their appetizers are on point (hello cheese fries) and I always leave there satisfied!!  Good beer specials usually as well - this is a great Charlotte spot.
4	Great barbeque. Can get busy sometimes and it can be hard to find a table.
4	Good service, pretty good BBQ.  Really enjoyed the crowd during a Panthers game.  If you're in the area, give it a try but it's not distinguishable enough from other smokehouses around Charlotte to travel out of your way here.
2	The first time using take out here was not the best. I got home to find the order incomplete. Part of the order was two orders of smoked wings. The to go receipt showed one, but he online receipt shows a charge for two. My card was charged for two. After I got home I found the message saying they forgot my second order of wings and to come back and pick them up and they would include a complementary dessert. Well since I was already home and a diabetic, I decided not to drive back to correct their mistake. Their food is great the service needs some work.
4	After two visits, Midwood Smokehouse BBQ and Bar has become my current favorite BBQ place in Charlotte.  I say current, as things can happen to take that status (and it's an important one) away.  One only needs to ask me about Mac's Speedshop where starting back in 2006 I would frequent at least once a month.  After too many instances of stale sandwich buns, so-so service, and so-so 'Cue...I haven't been back in probably 2 years.   A few weeks ago on a bright and warm Saturday, some of my friends came in from out-of -town to visit the CLT and they were looking for some tasty BBQ.  In the past this would have been a quick drive over to Mac's in the Southend.  However, this time I was searching my Yelp app for a new king of 'Cue.  This search took me to my first visit to the, Plaza Midwood located, Midwood Smokehouse BBQ/ Bar and my new number one.Atmosphere - Crowded, lively, and happening, a darkly lit and noisy bar area, a bright and a little calmer dining room, and a packed with patrons patio space.Service - Despite our server seeming crushed from the craziness that a nice day brings to a place with a patio, he kept it together and provided prompt service.  The server was quick and thoughtful in offering suggestions, though I knew what I wanted to have...the Carolina Pork BBQ Plate.Food - Great!  As mentioned above I ordered the Carolina Pork BBQ Plate.  I opted for the small portion, which comes with hushpuppies, pickled onions, and one side (I ordered sweet potato fries).  Despite being busy, the food arrived quickly and hot.  I tasted some of the pulled pork immediately before dressing it with the table placed sauces...it was excellent!  While Midwood Smokehouse does lightly dress the pulled pork in their Eastern NC vinegar sauce prior to serving, all I could taste was smoky goodness.  The pork was lean, flavorful, and juicy.  The sweet potato fries were good and the hushpuppies on this visit were awesome, with a light crunch and a soft, cake donut like center.  Everything was perfect!  Being a bar too, Midwood Smokehouse has a nice selection of beers, including the local offerings from OMB, Triple C Brewing, and NODA.     Overall - While you may have read this review and expected to see a 5 Star rating...I gave 4 Stars.  Why 4 Stars??  Well, as stated in the beginning of my review it was the result of two visits that made Midwood Smokehouse my king of 'Cue.  The absence of a star comes down to consistency.  I was so enamored on my first visit, as described above, my second visit occurred a mere four days later.  It was a Wednesday; the shine had come off on my new trophy winner.  While the pulled pork on this visit was just as good the portion seemed a little smaller and the hushpuppies I received to me seemed dry and old tasting.  Despite a little downturn on my second visit, I think the solid nature of their pulled pork makes Midwood Smokehouse some of the best BBQ Charlotte has to offer.  With that I will be back again with friends!
4	Being from the Midwest I grew up on Memphis, KC and St Louis BBQ and have never really liked the vinegary style of NC/SC q that I've had before. Since I'm in Charlotte I felt like I needed to revisit it and hit up Macs my first night out, got a tip from a local yelper (thx Greg) and made our way up to Midwood. So I order the sample platter with the choice of four meats, we get the ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket and chicken instead of the sausage. Wife and I got the same meal (almost) at Macs. Can I settle the score? Just like it takes an out of towner to decide between Genos/Pats (it's Pats) Midwood is the better of the two. Not a blowout, but enough to pick a winner, would have picked the sausage over the chicken as neither of us were crazy about it. As people have noted, get those bacon jalapenos as both of your sides. Yowza.Why not 5 stars? Sorry pal that's reserved for Pappys in St Louis or Central BBQ in Memphis. Midwood is a solid pick and am glad we got to hit it up during our stay here.
3	This place is good. The longer you live in NC the more of a bbq snob you become. Once you have convinced yourself that "'y'all" is an acceptable thing to say you have entered full on bbq snobbery. This place is good for the city life, its a comfortable setting, it was pretty good food but compared with all the other amazing bbq in NC, its just a pit stop between other bbq destinations outside of the city.
5	This is my most favorite BBQ place in the world.  Their ribs are amazing and you must order the Burnt Ends. One of the last places that actually smoke their own meats on premise. And the chicken and smoked sausage is among my favorites too!
4	Terrific food and cheerful service. ALL the food is well done. The sauces are good and if I could one thing, I would out the sauces in bottles and the bottles on the table. It's a pain to bother the server for another little serving of the great Midwood sauce and the equally fine Hamanero sauce. This is real food, folks. You can taste the smoke.
5	We were back at Midwood Smokehouse. This time with my Brother and his girlfreind from Chattanooga. Dinner was enjoyed by all. Beef brisket, smoked chicken with both mustard and Midwood sauces and burnt ends. I also had a double order of the bacon wrapped jalapenos! Richie came over and visited with us and says the online ordering system has been improved. Thanks! Great job Midwood!
5	My parents were in town last night and I live on the east side so I wanted to keep it local and chose Midwood Smokehouse !  Boy am I glad I did...  We had a wonderful dinner !!  Everything was just delicious !!  I dont have time for a long review but I would recommend this place to anyone !  I want to go back for lunch today !  I love east side Charlotte....
4	The burnt ends and ribs are always delicious.  The sampler platter is more than enough for sharing and has something for everyone.
5	To be frank I am in love with Midwood smokehouse.  My wife and I went on our first date here, it's the first restaurant I bring family/friends to when visiting, and it's the first words out of my mouth when somebody asks where to go for BBQ.  I always get the giant platter with a nice portion of everything on it.  I kid you not I can usually feed a couple of people with the leftovers.  The Brisket and the ribs are the stars of the show but everything else is fantastic as well.  The sides are great and I don't think I can ever get my fill of bacon wrapped jalapenos and hushpuppies. Thinking of the warm evenings I've spent eating in the outdoor section with a bourbon, giant plate of bbq, watching the sun go down is keeping me warm this winter! Are you still reading this?  Get your butt over to midwood!
4	Great bbq. Great bacon wrapped jalapenos. Good Service. Great Beer selection
5	We came in from Orlando for the night and yelped the best BBQ in Charlotte. This place did not disappoint. The carolina pork was phenomenal and the large plate was more then filing. All the sides were awesome. Between my girlfriend and i we had mac n cheese, jalapenos, baked beans, and the smoked veggied. All were awesome. They also have a great beer and cocktail selection!
4	I was in town visiting my brother.  They really wanted to take us for Carolina BBQ, so Midwood was the place.  Great atmosphere.  Before we even opened up our menus, our waitress told usbtheyvwere out of ribs.  For me, no big deal, I don't like them.  But a BBQ place with no ribs,  at 7pm on a weekend evening?  I ordered the brisket dinner.  It came with hush puppies and I got mac and cheese and the bacon wrapped jalapenos.   The food was amazing.  My brother who was disappointed there were no ribs, got tacos.  One of each type, brisket, pork and chicken I think, and he loved them all. Also ordered was the BBQ Burnt Ends and the Pulled Pork sandwich both of which were enjoyed.  Food was served quickly, but we never felt rushed.  We will be back next time I'm in town.4 stars just because of the ribs.
4	Awesome.  This place has awesome BBQ.  It's really busy all the time so I recommend getting there early.  The portions are way to big but you get to try everything.  The pimento cheese fries rock and you don't need the meat on them unless you want to into a food coma before dinner.I was surprised that the brisket was so well cooked.  They obviously take their time making it because it's really tender.  They have a large beer selection supporting the local Charlotte breweries among others.  Service was fast and they have a knowledgeable wait staff.I also have ordered their bulk to-go food for parties and was not disappointed except for the kitchen manager who was kind of a jerk on the phone.
3	Everything we had was solid if not spectacular. I had the burnt ends, queso with brisket, fried pickles, and hush puppies. Cool building and location. Worth a visit definitely....as BBQs goodness is largely in the eye of the beholder.
4	Very good bbq! Nice hickory smoked sausage and ribs were.fantastic. We had the combo platter with 4 meats, the small one is plenty for two people.
3	Out of most draft Craft Beers?! Oh no, all is not lost, ended up drinking one out of a can.  Must have been a busy New Years week. Atmosphere is good, little crowded with fast moving servers.  We had a selection of about everything except chicken.  The best on the menu, is the brisket, getting a mix of fatty and lean with sauce on the side is best.  The burnt ends dish is good but a bit overpowering on the BBQ sauce so that I could get any smokiness of the meat.I think the pulled pork was a bit mushy, lacking a pulled feeling and having a reheated texture that was too soft for my liking.  The ribs - were #2 to the Brisket. A definite win with the sauce on the side, we had them both dry and sauced.Our waiter gave us the small combo, we mentioned it, and he ran the plate back to the kitchen, then he ran it back to our table and said he would bring us the rest in a few minutes.  All the running gave us luke warm sweet potato fries with no crispness.... only complaint of the meal.  Our waiter was on the run, so it was difficult to tell him this so we let it go.  Will go back for the brisket and ribs,   Didn't have desert which looked great, just didn't have the room.
3	Well I gave take out here another chance and all I can say is check your order thoroughly before you leave because they don't.  In addition, the smoked wings were  undercooked, rubbery and not fall off the bone tender as they usually are.
5	This place is GREAT!!!! The brisket melted in your mouth!!! The burnt ends was fabulous!!! So much flavor and the staff was so friendly! Would definitely recommend this place to friends!!! The portions were a good size too!
4	Great, smoky barbecue. The BEST mac 'n' cheese. Good sweet potato fries. All-around good food! The service is a gamble. Sometimes it's great and sometimes it leaves something to be desired. Worth the chance for a great meal and good atmosphere!
4	The ribs were good, the sauce without a doubt add a nice kick to the juicy ribs. The service was certainly good, however there is room for improvement. The atmosphere was good and customers seemed happy with the food. There is plenty of parking in the area and location is relatively accessible. I'll be back!
5	Grilled cheese with brisket was excellent! And I think they served the best sweet potato fries I've had in a while.  The entire meal is highly recommended and I'll definitely be coming back for more.  Great beer section too!!
