5	I heard about this place online just today.  They opened not too terribly long ago, but when I heard the name of the store and what type of business it was, there was no question that I was bound to go soon, and by "soon", I mean "immediately".  Weird and unique businesses draw me in like a magnet, so awaaaaaaaaay I went.Pulling up in the strange little lot is an all-black store adorned with Tiki torches, and a dinosaur on the roof.  "Why a dinosaur", you ask?  Who the Hell knows, really.  But I figure if people are already in the acceptance stages of zombies ravaging and consuming the planet, who is going to notice the occasional dinosaur smattering here and there?  Besides, why are you worrying about dinosaurs anyway when there are zombies about?  Geez, people.  Priorities!Inside, the store is a fantastical cornucopia of all you'll ever need to survive when the shizz hits the fan... and a synthetic lawn store.  I actually commend this.  Just because society is going to Hades in a handbasket doesn't mean that you can't appreciate a proper, well manicured lawn.  If there's anything worse than zombies, it's an irate HOA on your back because your survival bunker isn't up to code.But they have a plethora of swords, tazers, and axes, zombie training dummies and shooting range targets, and even artwork.  And food.  Oh, so much food.  Need a kit that will cover the hunger needs of 200 people?  They've got it for a mere $100.  You may even have enough to cater a wedding after a tough day of fending off the hordes of the undead.This is all well and good, but I finally decided on a decently priced survival pack for my car, which looked suspiciously like the med packs from "Left 4 Dead".  Actually, it's a nice little kit in case I get stuck out somewhere, and need supplies in a pinch.They even do zombie themed in-store events.  Max Brooks of "World War Z" fame actually came out there about two weeks back (dang it) for a book signing, and they have video forecasting the impending doom.But in seriousness, if you want to look at it from the "Real World" perspective, it's a decent place to prepare for a camping trip, or some related outdoor activity.  The prices aren't bad, the theme is certainly funny, and the staff (Larry and Mike) are super nice and eager to answer any questions.  If you seriously want to stock up on some long-term survival supplies or that sword on the go, they have a person covered.  Stores with a sense of humor win me over every time.So to paraphrase the old saying: Run, don't shamble to apparently the only store who will have our backs when the dead return to walk the Earth.And those periodic dinosaur attacks that are bound to crop up.  Man, the future's going to be weird....
5	Useful for when the Undead hordes come for you... and they will.Being a fan of Max Brooks and zombies in general, I just had to check out the business billing itself as the Zombie Apocalypse Store. Located a short hop from the strip with a dinosaur on the roof (perhaps escaping the zombie hordes itself), it THE one stop shot for all your Zombie Apocalypse needs.Need a sword to decapitate zombies? It's there and in different styles. King Authur type swords, swords for ninjas, to even scimitars! Want to get close and personal? Strap on some Wolverine type claws and never drop your weapon, Bub.Swords and Claws not your thing? Or did your plucky group of survivors discover  these zombies weak against electicity or in the beginning stages of turning? Use a tazer instead. Useful if a loved one just turned and you just can't shoot him or her... yet.But let's be realistic. The tools are fine but without the properly training, you'll be joing the ranks of the undead. Thankfully there's a wide assortment of training dummies and targets you can purchase to practice killing (again) the undead.While weapons are fine, you still have to survive day to day. No problem! Buy some emergency rations and eat like a king all while getting enough nutrition you'll need for zombie cardio. If Z - Day isn't here yet, take some of the food with you camping. It'll help with the food budget and if the zombies do attack, well you'll have plenty of food in the woods while the city folk starve since Pizza Hut isn't delivering.While the zombie apocalypse won't come until the secret labs perfect their reanimation formula, use the store to help prepare you for any disaster. If you're protected against zombies, then bad weather, stuck out in the desert, no power, or anything similar will be a snap. As strange as it sounds, preparing for zombies is preparing for life.So check out the Zombie Apocalypse not only for the tools you'll need but a celebration of zombie culture. Pick up a poster, the Zombie Survival guide, or even meet Max Brooks when he does another signing. It would be a grave mistake not to!
4	What a fun concept!  Not quite everything that you would need to survive the (much anticipated) Zombie Apocalypse, but close.  Some of the art is kinda cool and would go well in some sort of rumpus room (or underground bunker) and they were playing a fake newscast when we were in the store.  Wifey bought a "Not Infected" tee shirt and some zombie targets for the next range day.  Friend Scott bought a machete and two tactical rope bracelets.I think they could go a bit further and have more literature and fun stuff, but I'll bet that there is a constant stream of people checking this place out.
4	The fake grass market is dying, so Zombies are the next big thing right? We saw this place while driving by and figured its good for a chuckle. It is, good for a chuckle, and a flash in the pan sort of end of the world hysteria. I would say this is a good joke store, bring your friends and family and buy the food in the giant vat that will last 20 years, get a giant knife to cut the heads off of zombies, check out the stun guns and other assorted stuff to defend yourself from the other freaked out humans. Its a cute little shop with a good theme. Grab a zombie target practice poster while you are at it, and prepare( again) for the end of the world.
5	What great customer service. They really know what they're talking about, how to entertain, and please.If you need to get your Zombie survival stuff, this is the place to get your goods.Survival foods, weapons, and books ... They got it all. Ayce!
2	You ever think that some people open places to catch the market trend? Not that there's anything worong with that (Hell, I almost wish I had the capital to open a store with survival gear, though I would be sure it actually HAD survival gear, but I digress...)I've been there a couple of times, hoping that he would have more than just exploding targets and overpriced 10# cans of stuff, but so far, it's just cheapo-made swords, stunguns, and stickers. It's a great idea, but only so-so execution of it. And what IS with the AstroTurf in the store?I suppose I want more out of my place to prepare for the apocalypse. (Where's my how-to class on beheading the undead? What stuff DO I really need to survive it all?) I too was a little confused by the tiki torches and giant dinosaur on the roof (no solar-powered lights?) I've been ruined by living in Las Vegas, it seems. I can look through the movie-set fakery quicker than I should, unfortunately not being as impressed as I could be by the shiny objects and flashing lights. With places like military surplus stores and one of the largest Bass Pro shops in the area, this guy needs to step up his game.Unless his market is just the tourist crowd, of course, in which case I tell them to have fun.
4	Rules for surviving Zombieland, Las Vegas:1. Cardio2. The Double Tap3. Beware of Bathrooms4. Seatbelts5. Gear up at your local Zombie Apocalypse Store4 Stars for the idea i wish I came up with, for the staff who does an impeccable job playing the role of real life Zombie Killer experts, for the trademarked product Zom-Bombs (in which I purchased two of), for the well illustrated and fully detailed Zombie Target Practicing Posters (in which i bought the so-called "Zombie Ex-Girlfriend"), for green-tipped Zombie Bullets and for everything else you would need to survive the coming Armaggeddon!1 less of 5 stars because I felt they could have been more innovative with the store. With a legendary name like Zombie Apocalypse.. you gotta have a legendary store to come with.  The shop set up was kinda' "dead".  Even though.. gotta love the concept, gotta love Vegas!
3	AWESOME place to prepare for when $H!T goes down!ZOMBIE FIGHTING: They have zombie repellent, camouflage goop, and lots of weapons! Samurai swords, machetes, other deathly blades, and lots of pocket knives. So if you need that sorta stuff, this is your place.FOOD: Lots of survival food. Most useful are the tubs just packed full of survival food that will probably still be good after you die. They run around $100. There are some other food options as well: oreo sandwiches and lots of beef jerky. Packages of drinking water ($0.70), water filtration systems, tablets to de-germ bad water...EMERGENCY: If you need a portable poncho they sell them here cheap! When I went to Mexico & Costa Rica, I really needed a portable poncho and couldn't find them anywhere. I considered buying flares (they were only $5). But I guess I have no interest in preparing for emergencies... They have lots of random first aid gear too. But again, I don't even own band-aids. I can steal them from work if I need them. OTHER: They also buy/sell gold & offer fake grass services... if you need that stuff while preparing for the zombie apocalypse :O !Cool place to check-out if you're bored (like me). Or if your serious, this place is 100% equipped to satisfy all your zombie-fighting / survival needs.
4	I really like this store.  Great idea.  I hope they succeed.  However, I saw nothing here that I wanted to buy on this particular visit.  Fun walk through though.  Their location could be better.  Will get even better if they can manage to stay in business.  And, why don't they sale guns?  Logistics of the FFL aside, what would be more useful in a zombie apocalypse than a gun?  At least for fun, if not survival.
3	If you build it, they'll come.2012 and according to the Mayans, this is it! No mas! time has ran out!  yep, I checked the calendar and is true, there it is, in plain decipherables, and no better time than now to turn an artificial grass business  into a survival one, and even though I'm not a "sheeple" and don't believe everything I'm told, I plan to party like is 1999. The store is pretty cool, is painted black and it has some torches at the entrance and a dinosaur on the roof, Don't know what the dinosaur suppose to mean, maybe the owner read the Mayan calendar backwards but Whatever the reason, it makes you look, and maybe attracts you into to the store... and once you're in, you had entered into a completely new dimension, a  place of imagination and substance, of things and ideas,  you had crossed into....the twilight zone!As you walk into the store, you'll be greeted by professional zombie fighters that will explain the many kind of zombies that you may encounter, you'll can also watch on a store TV broadcasting news (fake I hope) about the world coming to an end or if you prefer you can watch a zombie movie and learn the many ways zombies are killed, take note and purchase your arsenal right there at the store.   You can find anything from buckets of freeze dried food to survival back pack kits, stun guns, swords, explosives and many other camping  necessities. It was very interesting to walk around the store and go trough their anti zombie inventory. You can also find other kind of services at the store like artificial evergreen grass or even sell your gold by the once, which makes me wonder, while some aimlessly people roam around the world  preparing for Armageddon, someone else is planing  for retirement..... as for myself, I'm as prepared as I can be, I have the only tool for survival I think I'll ever need.......a can opener. And while I'm not sure about the end of the world this year,  one thing is for sure, zombies do exist!
4	There was no way I could not stop in because in the event of the Zombie Apocalypse I don't want to be the girl that says "I wish I woulda, coulda, etc....".  So after giggling each time I passed it., I finally conjured up the mojo to walk in the door.I was relieved that there was not just novelty items but items that would actually be of some benefit with or without the Zombie Apocalypse actually going down.   Artificial turf for this sun baked and parched earth of LV? Check.  Loads of lighting apparatus? Check Camo fashion? Check.  Weird creepy food that I probs wouldn't eat even if a Zombie was about to eat me?  Check.  This place struck me as the kind of place I would hit up before a trek to the mountains or maybe a mysterious blind date.  They have basically every type of survival contraption once could reasonably think of and then some.   So I went, the staff was nice, I laughed, I shrieked, I gagged.  But most of all, I survived a trip to the Zombie Apocalypse store.
1	this place is not as great as you would think.  it's more like a novelty shop than a supply surplus store, which is probably the whole point.weaponry is mostly limited only to the same type of fancy cutlery you can get at the swap meet, self-defense products like mace and stun guns (which you can get anywhere else for much less), and "specialty" ammunition - whatever that is.as for survival gear:  you can find a vastly more competent and higher-quality selection at Bass Pro Shop or Mad Man Army Supply (Sahara / Jones)...and probably for much cheaper too.funny enough, they also try and peddle unofficial products like posters and photos from movies like "Zombieland" and "Night of the Living Dead" that are WAAAYYY overpriced for obviously being printed from an inkjet printer like the kind you have at home.beware, anybody who says this place is "great" or gives it a high rating obviously has no real idea what to look for when it comes to actual survival gear of any kind.  definitely not recommended.
1	I feel like I could find better survival gear, aside from the buckets of instant food, at a swap meet. Aside from the selection of crap and zombie movies (yeah, I definitely need to watch Zombieland to help prepare for an apocalypse), one of the employees there insulted/embarassed me very loudly in front of the other customers... I work with the public every day, and I was minding my own business just looking around, so definitely undeserved. That was enough to leave a bad taste in my mouth. I doubt this store is really meant to last as it does seem to be made to cash in on the zombie and 2012 crazes right now.... Either way, unimpressed and slightly offended, I am not coming back.
4	fun/funny place.  really nice/cool staff.  part of the joke is they really do sell survival gear, weapons & food.  i'm not gonna buy my eyedrops here, but i did spend $98 on a legit hotel safe, stun gun & 2 bumper stickers. i've always liked zombies, but i'm not going along w/how very trendy they currently are.  if i was a huge zombie fan, i'd give 5stars cuz as far as i know there's no store like this
4	How do you prepare for a zombie apocalypse? Pretty much the same way you'd prepare for any apocalypse, really. Except with better aim. This store covers that need with targets that mimic the look of the undead targets you'll be shooting at so that you can be prepared. And also... Synthetic lawns?! Just because the world has gone to crap, doesn't mean you can't still have a well manicured lawn. After all, who will have the time to work with the SNWA watering schedule? Yes the dinosaur on the roof is odd but nothing says "Danger, danger, this is an emergency" like a dinosaur on the roof. This store is really cool. It's definitely more of a novelty store but it's Vegas, that's not exactly weird. They do sell some interesting things and it's very tongue in cheek. Now I know there's a large surplus of zombie stores should I feel the need for another one. And next time I go to the shooting range, you'd better believe I am getting one of those super cool zombie targets so that nobody on the range messes with me.
5	I saw the sign and had to walk right in.  Before I enter the manager or owner was trying to create blood splatter with air rifle and fake blood on T-Shirt.  I was in Vegas and good entertainment.  The store carry varied of items.  Most are well thought novelty items with funny posters and shooting targets.  I got three of the shooting targets. The gifts will come in handy for my shooting friends.  They also carry a variety of self defense items.  Might be good to know since these items aren't carry-ons.  I got my girlfriend a pepper spray for her purse.Overall, the store was entertaining.  Would I survive a zombie apocalypse?  Probably not, but this store just up my chances.
5	This store is amazing & one of a kind! I love it! Sure, most of the stuff is unneccessary but its still fun to look. Lots of weaponry, water purification methods, stun guns, mace, & dehydrated food. Totally worth the trip!
5	If the world is going to come to an end and you need supplies I rather be stranded in this store.  You will have but not limited to dried food rations, purified water solution, knives, motored flashlight, flares, and backpacks to jammed them all in.  Better to own the place because you will be prepared for a disaster and its not only just Zombies! I would definitely come back.  I may want to get the target zombie wallpaper so I can bring to the archery range.
4	Let those punk ass Zombie's try and take over the earth! Because of the Zombie Apocalypse Store, I'll be ready for them!To be honest, even though the ZAS sells lots of cool Zombie related gear, like Zombie targets, Zombie T-shirts, Zombie repellent and more, this store is more of a shop that will prepare you for a natural disaster. They sell things like flashlights, Emergency food rations, knives, tents, canteens, etc, etc. The folks who work here are really cool. When we walked in they started asking us if we were equipped to handle a Zombie takeover. Then, after a few minutes of joking they asked us if we were ready if a natural disaster were to occur and if we could survive in our home with no power, water, etc. After thinking about it, my wife and I are really are not prepared for a natural disaster. If I lived in the area I probably would purchase a few things from this store just in case a disaster does happen. Too bad a store like this isn't close to my home in Long Beach.
4	What if Zombies took over the world?  Zombie Apocalypse Store has everything you would need to survive. From weapons, M.R.E's (Meals Ready to Eat), and even water purification systems. The one weapon that they do not sell though are guns and when your in survival mode to minimize the risk of infection you would want to be as far away from them as possible. But in retrospect ammunition would be scarce. Zombie Apocalypse store offers an array of knives, machetes, swords and at reasonable prices. Knives can be purchased from $10-$25+. M.R.E's are available for $10+ each. The flavors are limited but one can only imagine that if the end of the world was upon us you wouldn't care what you ate as long as it was edible. This store is very unique but a novelty at best. You can find Hello-Kitty Zombie t-shirts, zombie movies, and tons of zombie themed target practice sheets. They also have a mini BB gun shooting range where you can practice shooting zombies. The Zombie Apocalypse store does offer the basic necessities for survival. And this little store is packed full of fun useful items. A mini fold-able shovel, pepper spray, stun guns, and jerky among other things. I will be back to check out the selection of extremely unique pocket knives. They would be a great gift for a friend of  mines who collects them.
4	This place was pretty cool for a drop by...I will rewrite it when we go back and do the shooting part of it. I LOVE the concept of this and the girl at the counter was really nice, but there was this old guy following us around the whole time we entered the place. I'm assuming he's the owner, but he never once asked us if we had questions or even greeted us.All the cool knives and gadgets were totally cool! Anyways, we are definitely visiting again and planning the shooting portion where we can do the target shooting on Zombie targets with blood packets. I wouldn't be surprised if more of these stores pop up...
4	Four stars alone for this store actually existing in real life. I am truly impressed that some amazing person's time and money was put into creating a store dedicated to a (potentially) impossible threat.As for the goods, there are plenty of zombie items but also a lot of stuff that will keep you alive once Vegas implodes.If anything, go to store just to say you've gone. And while you're there, pick up a poster, sticker or machete to support this ridiculous business endeavor.
3	I don't think you can review this place as a serious survival place and that it should be reviewed as more of a tourist shop.I stumbled accross it purely by mistake as I was driving while lost. I made note of it so I could make sure to come back the next day. So the next day we come back and check it out. You go inside and there's an array of flea market weaponry and survival food supplies which may or may not be overpriced. I don't know as I don't buy food that will last 20 years because if I need to have 20 year old food I've got bigger problems than just food.Other items include exploding targets, shooting targets, zombie dvds and t-shirts. I had to get the "hello zombie" shirt for my zombie/hello kitty loving daughter. The shirt is cool and wasn't too overpriced but I wish it didn't have the full on advertisement on the back. I did notice expired products in the store ranging from expired smoke signals to expired food. Keep an eye out for that.Girls at the register were nice and the place was packed with tourists like myself.The store is a great idea but could've been executed better in a number of ways. It could be more serious about survival or be more zombie oriented. Regardless, it's still a fun and interesting concept.
4	A fun place to stop into.  While the Zombie craze continues I suspect this place will too.  Though at it's heart its just an Army Surplus store.  It is fun to see it directed toward Zombie Survival. I do wish they had some shipping supplies, since its likely you aren't going to want to carry the stuff back on the plane with you, if you happen to be an out of town-er like we were. Still, it was pretty fun and I enjoyed posting photos of it on Facebook and telling my friends about it.
4	Had to go in when I saw the sign. Didn't expect to buy anything, but I found a cool zombie Hello Kitty shirt for my daughter. It's a little too big, but maybe after it gets washed a couple of times, she can wear it to kindergarten.
5	Had lots of fun at this store, and found their prices on products and weapons to be surprisingly cheap given it's such a specialty store. Go here while you are in Vegas and just give into your zombie killer side! I had no intention of buying anything and left with a bag full!
5	If the Zombie Apocalypse is near than this is you place to come!!! All kidding aside a good selection of survival and outdoor stuff, but mainly Zombie prep items.. A bonus is the great staff! See you all in the apocalypse!!
5	Awwww yes...what is not to love about this store?I happen to see their advertisement truck on the corner one day while I was passing through Chinatown for some grub and made a mental note that I must return and check it out!Today was the day to come and take a look at zombie survival supplies and gear so glad I did!This store is awesome and the staff is so friendly and helpful. They truly appreciate your business!I bought six zombie target practice posters, a few zombie bumper stickers and a pink "Hello Zombie" tank top, hello kitty zombified hell yeah!I spent $49 bucks and got a load of goodies! They have several zombie practice shooting posters all $1.50 and $2.50 for large, what a deal. They are so zombie zany!This has to be one of my new favorite stores of all time!I will be back for sure as they have everything we need to survive the zombie apocalypse!
4	Awesome! They have everything from real military rations to bleeding paper targets! They have switchblades and katanas, as well as cute pink cans of pepper spray!The worker was nice and offered samples of the apple cinamon rations. He also mentioned to another woman who wasn't so into the zombie culture that there are many more zombies than in just The Walking Dead tv show haha.I bought rations for about $7 that should last me and a friend 3 days, when the apocalypse hits :)
5	Pretty legit. They sell some really cool and interesting things. They even have a little zombie shooting range which was entertaining. They even let you try out the stun guns. My friend had a stranger try the weakest taser on him and he barely felt anything - but it was funny to watch! Staff is friendly and helpful.
4	Pretty cool place.Kind of wished they had better selection of ammo, but survive a zombie apocalypse you probably could with supplies from this store.No .22 ammo, if they read the books they sold you would definitely sell .22 ammo.Some very cool items for sure.
5	I love this store! Not too far off the strip, but definitely worth the trip. Lots of practical survival stuff, as well as Zombie memorabilia. A must see for Zombie fans or Doomsday Preppers!
1	OK, I know; "1 Star is rough, Mack!"I desperately want to give these guys 5 stars for great concept and cheesy originality but alas, even with the trays of Twinkies at the register, it just isn't meant to be!We were actually in town looking for holsters for our Glocks and decided to check out ZAS too. This place is really just a tiny novelty store riding the trend, and aside from some MREs and cheap blades there's no real survival or preparedness paradigm behind the zombie target posters.If you're already in Vegas, it's definitely cute for the kids but not worth going out of your way for. I hope someone from ZAS reads this; You guys are so close to pulling off something epic but you need to really commit. The chick behind the counter didn't even know who Romero was. I mean come on! Really? REALLY!?
3	Rating this place is kinda hard. I'm local to Las Vegas so when I first learned that we had a Zombie Apocalypse store in town, I was super stoked. That said, once I asked around and learned that it was really just a general survival store with a zombie theme, I lowered my expectations.Today I finally went to check it out for myself with my husband and little sister and I think we would all agree that it was pretty cool. It's a small shop with not a lot of bells and whistles but they do have an assortment of survival/emergency type items such as first aid kits, water filters, MRE's, various ammo, and weapons, as well as zombie books, targets, bumper stickers, shot glasses, t-shirts, and of course, TWINKIES! There is also a little zombie shooting gallery (old western style) that was kinda cool.With my lowered expectations, I thought that this place was really cute and it was fun. That said, it's not some place you go out of your way for or plan a trip to. We spend all of 15 minutes to look through the whole store. But if you do find yourself in the area with some time to kill, it's worth checking out. Just don't expect too much.
5	As a zombie fan, I loved this place!If you love guns and ammo they have a few selection of ammo, no guns, but if you love swords and knives as well as survival gear you're in luck.I ended up buying a ZERT shirt, some stickers, a cool poster, the "double trouble" blades, water filtration packs and more. It's a small store but very enjoyable and the staff is friendly and helpful. My boyfriend and I went back twice on our trip! Only down side is that the parking lot is kinda small but we never had a problem finding a spot.
4	This is such a cute little place. I was thinking it was going to be just a novelty store for everyone jumping on the bandwagon but they legit had axes, and stun guns, and zombie ammo in the event we got invaded by zombies. Or a buncha people high on bath salts...This is a good place to stock up on your survival gear for any type of disaster. They have MRES, and camping gear, as well as some stickers, posters, and other little trinkets for the tourists like us. Its small but im sure with the zombie kick being so popular this place is bound to expand out.
4	It's a small store, I wouldn't go out of my way to check this place out, but if you're in the area stop in. The manager is very friendly and chatty. We didn't get to stay very long, my little boy was scared.
5	So are you guys really ready for the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse?! Do you need more food, ammo or target practice? Then mozy on down to this store as fast as you can run!!!  Parking is limited since they share this with two other businesses. When Minh and I walked in we were not greeted probably due to the fact of one of the employee's tasering a customer who said that he wanted to know how it feels (mmm okay). Here is what you will find while looking around:-Water-Food-Camo backpacks-Camping supplies-T-shirts-Weapons-Ammo-Targets-Shot glasses-Books-Twinkies-Bumper stickers-Stun Guns-Insects and bug repellent-Zombie coloring bookAfter we walked around and took some random fun photos the owner and then his daughter (I think) finally greeted us. They were friendly and seemed to want to help everyone who walked into their store. If you have some downtime then this is something fun to do during your visit to LV.
2	Oh my! all these high marks lead me to believe that Zombies really have taken over the average shopper.1 star is for coming up with a good concept and the 2nd star is for actually having the nerve to execute the concept.The lack of stars is mostly due to a poorly / sparsly stocked store.  I am very familiar with survival gear and MRE's, etc., and this store does not have much on the shelves.  They're doing a little of everything but not nearly enough of any one thing.  Sorry, I just don't think it was worth the trip.
4	We love this place.  We are locals so we can take advantage of anything they have going on.  They do weapons seminars and host "The Walking Dead" viewing nights.  It's a fun store.  The owner is super nice and remember people, this store is less than a year old and totally original!  It's not part of a super chain...I hope this store will become like a fine wine and get better with age.  I hope to see them start sell firearms and expand the products of their store.  This has great potential!!!!If you're not a local it's fun to stop in and get photos!  Your friends will be jealous that you got to visit a cool place like this!
3	Stopped by after driving by the last time we were in town and again this time. Bf didn't want to go in at first but we ended up in there. More like a survival store, good for earthquakes, fires, mother nature disaster and yes, the zombie apocalypse, if it should ever happen. it's a pretty cool little shop, so stop by if you have time to kill before dinner or a show.i got me a bipolar bumper sticker. and no, i'm not going to put it on my car.
4	Considering how much I love classic zombie films and the books of Max Brooks, it's surprising that it took me almost a year to go to the Zombie Apocalypse Store. I actually ended up going to a temporary satellite location in San Diego for Comic Con last summer before I visited the actual location.What first drew me and my husband here wasn't the zombie related merchandise (of which there is plenty), but rather the freeze dried food and survival rations. We both love hiking/camping and wanted to try Mayday rations before ordering a case. So we got another zombie loving camping friend to come with us, and off to the Zombie Apocalypse Store we went.The parking lot itself is appropriately weird.  By the Spring Mountain entrance there was a mannequin holding a sign that I mistook for a person at first. There is also some sort of black mesh covering the fence around the lot.  After we parked my friend and husband confidently started walking towards the wrong door. They didn't hear my warning but turned back when they read a sign that stated "The Zombie Apocalypse Store is next door."Once inside we quickly saw that this is mainly a survival store, with zombie merchandise scattered throughout. There are rations, water purifiers, zombie bumper stickers, t-shirts, various weapons including mace and knives and other survival gear. There is also a television playing news bulletins from the zombie apocalypse, which was great.The two times I have been in the store it was busy and full of locals and tourists. I  saw signs for events including self-defense courses and weapon training, but I haven't attended any.
3	I was expecting a campy, kitschy store full of funny junk, that's not what this is. We went on a Sunday after taking an archery lesson down the street. It's not a huge store, but it carries a lot of things one might actually need in the event of undead invasion. The guy working actually tried to sell us a canister of 200 MREs. He said they were good and had variety. We didn't get anything, but it was quite the experience.
4	Wouldn't go out of my way to go to this store but it was worth checking out. They have everything you would need to survive a zombie apocalypse or the end of the world type of thing. I went in and roamed the store and chatted with the dude behind the counter, but nowadays you can purchase all of those items online for cheaper and better quality. But if you haven't utilized the online resources yet, please go out there and support and make sure you have everything you need to survive whatever it is that we have to survive!
4	Great store for everything from zombies to preppers, hunters, military, camping to survivalists. Funny t-shirts, bumper stickers, & posters. MREs, water supplies and lots of other misc items. You can spend a good 45min to an hour looking around seriously or just for laughs. Great store!
5	They sell a lot of general survival gear and things.  Really great staff.  Lots of interesting little tools and gadgets.  Some with zombie themes, some aren't.
4	Now I've seen it all.   I almost drove right past this... Fortunately the mechanical zombette sign dancer caught my eye and made me slam on my rented kia soul brakes, bust a u-turn into oncoming traffic and make a dukes-of-hazard leap into the parking lot!*riiiiiiiiing riiiiiiiiing....  Hello?  *hey girl it's Mo.   I know we r supposed to meet at 10:30, but OMGOMGOMG... a zombie apocalypse store!!!!!!!!!!   I'm gonna be late...  I'll meet you in 20 minutes!!!*a what?!?  Hello???*click*Yeah...it was that serious.  I didn't know what to expect.   It looks kitschy from the outside, so I'm thinking gag gifts.    I was half right.   And half wrong.  Dead wrong.   Zombie-undead wrong.I don't want to spoil the surprise (though other Yelpers did).   But I'll say this:   Get off 15 at spring mountain, it's two minutes west and worth a quick stop if you are already driving by. It's a small store, but something in there will make you laugh.  And some things in there will have you thinking about how ready you are for an emergency ...zombie-induced or otherwise.
4	If your in Las Vegas and you love zombies I would HIGHLY recommend visiting this little store.  It has t-shirt, bumper stickers, knives, emergency rations and more.  Make sure you bring some quarters and practice your shot on their shooting range!  And remember... when there is not more room in hell.. the dead shall walk the earth!  So be ready!
4	Let me state by saying I DON'T believe in the Zombie blah blah but my Mother is a "Pre-Prepper" (just starting out you could say) so for Christmas I thought it would be cute to make her a "Prepper Gift Basket" thank gosh I stopped at this place!!! Because I was on my way to a mission of multiple locations to buy different things. NOT NOW, I stopped here 1st and got everything I needed from purified water packets, fire starter, wire saw, etc...The staff is what made me give it 4 stars!! They were so friendly, nice, and knowledgeable. Its definitely not just about Zombies there but it gets your attention and in the door. My mother loved her basket and we plan on trying out burning some of the shredded magnesium I got her!! He he
4	If you really wanted to survive a zombie apocalypse, I'm not sure this store would have you covered.  For one thing, their ability to sell weapons is limited.  Sure, every survivalist needs a good pocketknife and lighter, and they'll outfit you in those with both function and fashionability, but you'll have to go elsewhere for the big guns (and little guns, and high-powered crossbows, and axes, and...).  But fortunately, we don't seem to have entered the zombie apocalypse yet (though the dead-eyed drunk gamblers do make it hard to tell sometimes), so you probably will just go to this store for fun.  And I think that's why it's there - maybe they're actually Libertarian preppers (I did see some political propaganda), but the store feels like a gift shop for every modern zombie movie you've seen.  In fact, they'll sell you popular zombie books and DVDs, or even a poster with all of the rules from "Zombieland."  They'll also let you pump your quarters into a zombie shooting practice game.  It's a small store, so you'll probably be in and out in 15-20 minutes (depending on how many zombies you want to shoot and how long you spend debating whether your house really needs a vintage metal "fallout shelter" sign).There actually are some good survival supplies here, but the selection is somewhat limited and the prices are a bit high on many of them.  The one place they shine is on long-shelflife foods - if you'd like a bucket full of freeze-dried chicken or piles of disgusting compressed MREs, this is the place to shop.  And if you're looking for a quick-and-easy survival gift pack, they have military surplus backpacks preloaded with a variety of items for $55.  Oh, and they sell a bunch of souvenirs for the store itself, which points to this being a tourist attraction over a true apocalypse preparedness store.  I think they know why people are coming in, it's probably the fact that they have the words ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE STORE painted on the wall outside with various zombie-themed dioramas.  Bonus fact: they also sell artificial turf.  I guess zombies hate that stuff, too.Tourists - this is off the strip, so you'll need to catch a cab or get creative to go here.  The major issue is that you can get a cab TO here, but you'll have to call a cab back because this isn't an area where cabs linger.  It's only a mile from the Rio, which can be accessed by a shuttle from the back of Harrah's or Bally's.  So I'd catch a cab over, and walk the mile back to the Rio to rejoin tourist civilization.  It's right on the outskirts of Vegas Chinatown, which gives you something to do (and eat) while you're over there.  Oh, and don't expect to be able to bring many of the items they sell back on a plane.
4	Wow, very interesting and FUN!!  A quick little trip in to check out this new-ish Vegas flair store.  We were greeted by awesome outdoor decor to get you in the mood and then suddenly there was a Zombie standing next us, WTEff!?!  Almost, pissed myself, but I soon realized he was an actor who likes to take pictures with you.They have legitimate items in the store to purchase for survival, like turning a cesspool of liquid into drinking water, tazers, knives, flashlights and even a faux zombie shooting range. Pretty nifty!The sales assistants are VERY excited to talk to you about killing zombies and how to survive the apocalypse, which is neato. Try and find Kimmy Hale, an employee, she's super jazzed about everything zombie. :)
5	What an awesome store!!! The first time I walked in, I saw some man get tasered in the arm at the counter (he asked for it though because he wanted to purchase it). I used to frequent this place a lot more because of the whole Mayan Apocalypse thing haha. They have some interesting things in here that can help you get inspired on how to survive. They sell camping equipment, food rations, weapons, explosives, videos, books, zombie paraphernalia, and just a nifty experience. Everyone should stop by to at least check the place out.The only random thing is that they have some guy selling fake grass lawns in the back of the store...cool? I guess?
5	This place is pretty much the shiznits.If you like practical emergency supplies, you will absolutely love this store.If you like ZOMBIE stuff, you will absolutely love this store.If you like WEAPONS, you will absolutely love this store.Check it out, I bought my first fold out knife at this place, real nice black steel, 3 1/2 in blade. They have loads of cool ass stuff everywhere. This place is a MUST VISIT when you're in town, just trust me. TRUST me
2	This place barely has anything. Nicely decorated and overpriced. In case you need artificial grass for the zombie apocalypse they have that too.
5	Loved this place!!!! You MUST visit this place when your in vegas!!
5	This place ROCKS! So fun! Totally worth a trip while your in Vegas. The outside of the store is staged with zombies and other cool stuff. When your not looking the real zombie might come out and give you a fright. He had the best makeup job! He looked like a real life zombie! He was super cool and posed for pictures with us. The store has a bunch of cool survival stuff, zombie themed stuff, it all seemed reasonable priced. Definitely recommend checking it out!
5	Really cool. Lots of survival weapons and food. Friendly and helpful service too. I just wish they had more Zombie merch.
3	Awesome survival store!!! Was cool to see. Worth checking out if you are in the area
5	Great store with a friendly staff.  They answered all our questions and even provided some great entertainment.  Hope they open up soon in San Diego.
4	The Zombie Apocalypse Store is a fancy Las Vegas name for Army Surplus Store, but they do have a few zombie-themed items that make your visit fun. And really, don't you want to tell your friends that you're more prepared for the upcoming zombie apocalypse with proof in the photos?
4	Pretty small place...but man the set-up is AWESOME!   I could take pictures of the outside for hours.  No joke.  And inside they offer a 3D picture and a regular photo for $30......I passed on it but fair price for a fun memory of vegas.  It's very close to Counts Kustoms..worth the trip!
5	This is a fun place with a friendly, informative staff. Coming here again!
3	Being a cross somewhere between an actual emergency preparedness store and a Zombie themed mall kiosk, there is a long ways to go to make this a true "Zombie Apocalypse Store."First off, no weapons. Not even baseball or cricket bats. A few swords, but mostly ornate display swords or light weight "Ninja" swords. None of which I would trust to actually take out a Zombie. I'd prefer a standard camp axe for such activities - which they did not have either. Secondly, the preparedness section is severely lacking and needs some help. While it's been a few years since I've gone down that road, their food supplies do seem to be pretty cost efficient. But quantity and diversity wise, they're not even close to the camping section at Kmart. A few more survival manuals, including things like Emergency First Aid would be useful here. Basic camping gear would work well too. On the other hand, if you need a zombie themed bumper sticker, they got you covered. And if you really need it, for some inexplicable reason, they have fake grass so you can mini golf the Apocalypse in style. In short, great concept, poor execution. Once the idea proves itself, I feel that in few years they'll be able to up their supplies, and perhaps start dealing in more efficient weaponry.
4	Clearly taking advantage of the Zombie craze to make a buck (and there is nothing wrong with that) while they have some survival supplies it's not really a survival store as much as a fun place to stop for something other than gambling, their prices are reasonable and they have some cool displays and Zombie themed gifts for your or those that didn't make the trip to Las Vegas. And just on the off chance that your forgot your Zombie killing gear at home you can pick up some really cool bladed weapons to protect you on your drive back to your Zombie proof home. The people that work here are really friendly and if you check in and you get a free postcard as well.
4	My daughter saw a sign of some kind and asked if we could go to this place.  I thought, "what?!, what kind of store?"  Its in Chinatown, yes, there is a Chinatown in Vegas.  The store is small with a limited selection.  How much stuff is really out there as far as zombies go?  The t-shirts were interesting, we had to buy some.  There is a shooting range and photo booth.  The decor is really interesting.  While we were there, the zombie got back from his drive in the billboard truck.  He gladly obliged and gave us a photo op.  For you survivalist, go there, you might find something you don't have in your zombie arsenal.
5	Great place and great staff. Decor look phenomenal. Prices were reasonable and you'll probably leave with something you've always wanted. I got brass knuckle (belt buckle), killer machete and som magnesium! Lots of fun!!!
5	Awesome. We had so much fun in this store. The staff was super friendly, and the wandering Zombie scared the crap out of me, as he intended I'm sure. Picked up a fun shirt for my Zombie Obsessed kid, and enjoyed "shooting" practice and that scary interactive zombie wall door thingy. Located off the strip (not walking distance) but close enough that a cab shouldn't financially break you LOL. We drove from the strip to this place in less than 10 minutes. The parking lot was a bit small, but it wasn't crowded when we were there. When we passed by later it was packed. Looks like there is also parking on the street. I don't know why people were so literal about their concerns in other reviews. I mean it's called Zombie Apocalypse Store. It's fun, and enjoyable, not something to be taking so literally. These people found a fun niche and are profiting from it. I personally did not expect to find anything more than fun zombie themed items. And it was very enjoyable for the husband and I.
5	This was our last stop on our way out of Vegas. I don't remember how I even came across this place but I'm going to guess it was recommended on Yelp. The location is easy enough to find, just past an adult superstore if memory serves. The parking lot is small and shared with another business but it wasn't hard to find a spot mid day. We of course climbed all over the outside props like small children and got pictures for everyone back home to be jealous of. The inside is small but well spaced out. About half of the stuff you could buy at other stores like food bricks, BPA free water bottles, emergency crank lights but it is a good place to start if you don't have any kind of emergency kit put together. Although I did enjoy the Walking Dead / zombie shrapnel against the far wall, I was more interested in the self defense items, which are somewhat difficult to get in California. We purchased said unnamed item and a tazer, for the human element, after a lengthy sales pitch from the owner. I happy with my purchases and now know how to drop an adult male with my new toys. While it's true the Zombie Apocalypse Store does need more in the way of heavy duty survival gear, as other reviewers have mentioned, I think that they have a good start that will allow them to grow. The current obsession with the undead will lure in a good deal of noob fans who just want their picture on a demolished downtown soaked in gore but may yet implant the seed of disaster prepping. You don't wanna die trying to fight someone for the last of the canned food / water at your local grocery store when the sheet hits the fan. I hope that with continued support the ZA store bulks up its inventory and offers melee weapons, camping gear, etc in the future but for now grab a couple military can openers at the counter on your way out so you don't end up with a penchant for gray matter when the time comes.
2	Lame!  If your looking for Chinese knives at inflated prices or exploding targets then you might find something.  Other than that this place doesn't have much to offer.
5	I'm glad we stopped in.  We didn't end up buying anything, but the staff was really nice and helpful.  I know where to get emergency rations now in case I want to stock up!
4	First of all best concept for a store! I wish I would have thought of it myself! The outside of the store is really great. We ended up taking a family picture that comes on a 3d hologram and it looks like your fighting off a zombie. The photographer did an amazing job, the picture looks perfect. It really is worth the money because you also get a regular copy that you can take to target or walgreens to print extras, might be my  Christmas card this year. The store also sells shirts, books, knives, and a few interactive aspects like the pictures. The employees are nice and stay "In character". The lady at the register even said when we left, "enjoy the end of the world". My niece and nephew had a great time here. I thought it was really nice that they let us borrow the fake guns and camo clothing to take pictures outside with the zombies! I didnt give it full stars because I feel like they really need a little bit more merchandise like tasers or even things for dogs, costumes, and some food that doesn't go bad etc. I think they have a great theme and I definitely will be bringing people here whenever I go to Vegas. Like them on Facebook so you can hear about all of the events they do, they even did a premiere of World War Z and everyone got to see the movie 2 days before release! Great time!
5	Was here on Thu/25 Jul about 4 pm with a couple of my East Coast friends:- We really enjoyed visiting the store with it's unique theme.  They even had an employee dressed/made-up as a zombie roaming around in front.- Prices seemed a little steep but my friend nonetheless bought a sword and a couple of other items (I think she spent $85+).- For $.75 I played the rifle shooting game they had.  Pretty fun.- Had pretty cool zombie target-practice posters for $5+.  Surprisingly decent selection of zombie themed clothes. - My buddy commented that too bad the store wasn't bigger.- If my out-of-town visiting friends want to see something local and cool, I'll be sure to bring 'em around here.  Would probably be a good complement to visit this store and have a meal at nearby Anime Ramen & Teriyaki restaurant    http://www.yelp.com/biz/anime-ramen-and-teriyaki-las-vegas
5	This weekend the husband and I went looking around Vegas and we decided to stop in and look around. Its a Zombie Apocalpse Store. Its like a fun little Halloween place. Its over very quick because the place is so very small. However they have T-Shirts and other random items to please you and will be glad you stopped in. If you need 3x or 4x shirts this is not the place to buy a T-Shirt. They only try to get the attention of small people who wear small sizes.
2	Why would u go here instead of an army surplus store for emergency preparedness? This place was so lame. I guess if you really want to experience a place that has a couple of fake zombies posted up in and around the store, then knock yourself out. That was about the only thing unique about it.
3	It looks cool friendly staff but over priced.
3	Yeah, just like you I was waiting for the stoplight to turn green on Spring Mountain. Of course you can't help but notice the big "Zombie Apocalypse Store" sign and camouflage surrounding it. So I pulled in wondering what artificial grass has to do with zombies since there was also a big sign for that.So I go in expecting to see all sorts of zombie paraphernalia and stuff. No surprises here. You got everything from books, movies, shirts, posters, rations, gear, and novelty items to arcades and survival gear. Most importantly, hand held wielded weapons. These are machetes, bowie knives, sais, nunchucks, and samurai swords.Overall, it's just your basic store that sells what you would need if there really was a zombie apocalypse. I wouldn't wanna go out of my way just to come here although if you got some time (or zombies) to kill, then by all means, check it out!
3	Survival store just incase in the future... The store is small but a lot of stuff.
3	I was curious and so was Elnino so we went off on a tangent after lunch. I always joked, for a zombie apocalypse store those fences are rather short and won't keep out even a determined toddler. It has the gimmicky zombie things for sale like t-shirts, posters, zombie books as well as some survival foods, a few weapons. There is a zombie shooting range and a door you put a dollar in to "waste a zombie" though we didn't try it so I'm not sure what it would be like. They also have a green screen photo booth you can try out, and they said they'll be getting seasonal backgrounds soon. A snowy apocalypse Christmas card sounds like a unique idea.The staff here is great! They were super friendly, engaging and explained a lot of the items as they saw us checking it out. I'm not really a camper or anything so I don't have a everyday use for some of these items. It's a cool place to take some tourist and zombie fans though.
5	I love this store! John and I went here on our vacation in Vegas and did the photo shoot (plus bought some really cool gifts and fun stuff for ourselves). It was so much fun. If you love zombie survival themed shows and or events, you need to check this place out.
4	came here for something different to see in Vegas,. To get away from the gambling scene. What a great store. There was an awesome selection of survivor items...from gas masks to water filtration systems....as well as fun zombie interactions. We had a very good time, and the staff there was extremely helpful in out why we were there (survival stuff or fun) and made suggestions accordingly. Highly recommend this if you like zombies or if you are looking for some interesting survival stuff. great for Halloween season!!!!!!
5	I think I loved this store a little too much. Especially since I walked in, the first thing I saw was a Michonne (Walking Dead) cup. Pretty much from there it was love at first sight.Anyway, the outside of the store was a sight itself. They have a truck with two zombie dummies that you can take pictures with. I spent time before and after my visit to take the time to be a total tourist and have a mini photoshoot (LOL). Once inside, everything about the store is zombies. On the right is a wall full of different car decals or posters to choose from. On the left is a wall full of shirts in various sizes. The store has everything from combat knives to bumper stickers to shooting range targets and even an interactive zombie wall (you put $1 in the machine and you get a mini show - totally cool).Anyway, I was helped my Cole.  He was really patient and took the time to explain things clearly. I asked about a pocket knife with a handle shaped like a gun. He explained to be the safety features and that the gun was legal to carry. He also told me it should be OK to bring home, but I should expect my bag to be inspected. My cousins even asked about the stun gun. Again, very patiently and professionally he explained hpw it worked, the cost, and everything you basically needed to know.I ended up buying lots of stuff. I took home some cups, shirts, shot glasses, decals, a pocket knife, and a sling shot. The prices were pretty reasonable and if you wanna prepare for the apocolypse this is definitely the store to go. They even had MRE's!! The machete collection is pretty cool, too.Great store with great workers. Totally worth the visit. :)
4	So I heard that this place is supposed to prepare you for an actual 'zombie apocalypse'. Well then, folks ain't kiddin--this shop has everything you need to get ready for an apocalypse. They're all practical, too. This joint has everything from weapons to even food rations such as MREs.It's pretty cool how a lot of this is actually useful and practical; however, they're a bit pricey. You can buy MREs for a cheaper price either on base over at Nellis AFB (that is, if you have a military ID and get get into the base) or at a military surplus store.Regardless, it's still worth checking this store out just for the interactive goodies alone. There's an area on the right side of the shop where you can shoot zombies at the mini-shooting gallery, and this other interactive thing where you can burn a zombie or so.Aside from that, the shop also has the typical fair of zombie 'souvenirs' such as T-shirts, mugs, books, etc. for those who want to get their cheesy zombie fix. There's even books on how to make Twinkies. Speaking of which, one of the walls at the back has an actual Twinkie on display. There must be something good about Twinkies to make them useful for a zombie survival, LOL.The shop is pretty cool overall, and it's great how the shop owners took the theme to a whole new level by adding all that interactive stuff. You can even do a fancy photograph, which they have at the back. Although I didn't really bother to check it out since it seemed like you had to pay for it.When Halloween comes around once again, be sure to check out this shop for when special events such as the Las Vegas Zombie Walk or Zombie Run happen. This store will supply everything you need to get ready for those events.
4	Are you ready for a zombie apocalypse? We had to come check this store out on our trip to Vegas. They sell pretty much everything you need in case it does happen. They even sell Twinkies..cuz you know you gotta eat right?!lol They sell souvenirs, water, blades, guns, first aid kits, energy shots (they even just started selling a bottle of a oxygen shot), posters, bumper stickers, etc. Anyways it's a pretty cool store and the service is good, workers always checking and talking with their customers to make sure they are ok and finding everything they need. They even have a shooting game inside where you can shoot zombies.You should definitely come check out this store. There's not much parking spaces, pretty small lot, but you can't miss this store. Just look for zombies.
5	This store is freaking AWESOME. Its like a zombie preppers Disneyland lol. Hella awesome. If you're visiting Vegas it's not far from the strip at all, definitely recommend taking the time to stop by and check it out. They have quality products and the staff is friendly and helpful. Ill be back next time I roll through Vegas for sure!!
5	While the store itself is smaller than I expected, it has alot of stuff worth seeing. For 75 cents you can play a little zombie shooting range, for $1 you can "incinerate a captive zombie" a fun interactive attraction they have inside or the new "zombie dog" interactive attraction and don't forget, this is a store too, so there is a wide selection of cool zombie shirts (I got a t-shirt that said "This is My Zombie Killing Shirt" and one that said "I Shoot Zombies in the Face" lol) there is also a variety of weapons (all of them real) including swords, knives, machetes, even batarangs, there is literally everything in here: buttons, hats, toys, movies, survival gear, twinkies, candy, books, comic books, shooting targets, pepper spray, stun guns/tasers, bumper stickers, a photo shoot center where you can take a professional photo with a background of zombies or apocalypse and even in front of the store it is decorated with zombie and apocalypse displays that are awesome. AND on top of that, the staff is extremely helpful and nice and will sometimes just go up to you and randomly explain interesting facts about the items in the store. I bet you already forgot that the store is pretty small huh? Lol. Nevertheless, if you are a big zombie and apocalypse fan and are in Vegas, this place is well worth checking out.
5	Very friendly guys. They have things for those who take it seriously and also a lot of funny things. Must visit if you like zumbies.
3	Fun store but weak on the survival supplies. Most of the staff was polite but some one of the sales girls was sure snotty when something we touched fell because the packaging came open. She kept saying how it was ruined and unsalable (brass knuckles don't break hitting the floor).They have lots of zombie t-shirts, stickers and such. They charge you $1 to see the incineration of a zombie, and have some other games.Fun for what it is but don't expect to get much selection for survival gear.
4	This is such a fun place and worth the stop, although turning in to the driveway is a challenge to your life before the zombies even figure into the situation...The items they have are a great combination of prepper stuff and whimsical baby Zom bee (bumble bee) shirts, and when you leave, Valerie says to you "enjoy the end of the world!" with a smile.Staff are really helpful and it is nice being in such a great classic landmark!They have a parking lot so that is a plus.Check out the fun!
1	Owner/ manager Mike Monko does NOT know how to run a business. Mike and his employees did not know how to use his computer payment system. When getting refunded I was charged again and it was never straightened out at the store so I had to dispute the purchase with my bank and was refunded through my bank. DO NOT SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY HERE, you may get double charged.
4	Finally I get to check this place out. Did some Christmas shopping for the homies and family. I walk in and I'm immediately engulfed with everything zombie apocalypse. I totally felt at home. Friendly staff greets me and a zombie Rudolph is prancing around the store. Before I start shopping, I've got to check out the store. Bumper stickers, T-shirts, knives, targets, ammo, MREs, all that you would need in order to survive the apocalypse minus real steel firearms. That was the only thing missing.Soon after, I ask about stun guns and ammo. I get some homies pink stun guns to protect themselves. I don't think that pepper spray is going to be as intimidating as a stun gun. The sound of it is gnarly. $35 is not a bad price for peace of mind. In the back, they have their ammo stash. The owner was chatting to me about the ammo. He's planning to stock that place up with all kinds of ammo. Hopefully this will become the go-to spot to re-up. They have very reasonable prices. I ended up getting 250 rounds of .45 ACP for $116 out the door. Not a bad deal for plinking rounds.I definitely will have to check this place out again when I need more targets and target rounds. EYE LIKA!!!
3	Tourist Trap. Or this is what happens when a fan of Spencers Gifts and a Zombie enthusiast have a love child...you get the Zombie Apocalypse Store. Well calling it a store is a bit of a stretch...if you want to come here thinking they're going to have kick *** military surplus and survival gear you're going to be seriously disappointed. But if you want cool looking Zombie Hunting Permit stickers for the back of your car they've got you covered with lots of choices there. And if your looking for flea market grade knives and don't want to wait for the Fantastic Flea Market to open on the weekends you'll find a pretty good selection here. Their parking...is horrible. Good luck finding a space. But if you can find a space it's worth going in to take a look. Buy a sticker, maybe pick up a cheap knife or maybe a t-shirt or two and look at the military vehicles outside the entrance as you decide where you want to go next. But again, this isn't military surplus, and while some will love it, quite a few are going to think it sucks. Being a Vegas local I'll just split this one down the middle with 3 stars and call it even.
4	This store as a photo op is worth the stop.  It's cheesy and fun from the zombie Hello Kitty t-shirts to the staff's wish to "don't get bitten" as you leave.
2	It's a small store with quirky zombie apocalypse products. Not the most fun place, but there are some interesting items like army-issued backpacks. There's also an arcade-like zombie shooting game in-store, as well as a zombie scene set-up in front of the store to check out. Furthermore, there is a shooting experience package if one is so inclined to practice for the zombie apocalypse.
3	Being huge Zombie Apocalypse (ZA) fans, my BF and I were so excited to see this store on our way to Lee's Sandwich in Chinatown. We explicitly made a point of stopping by before we left the city. Parking wasn't too bad, but honestly, the decor in front of the store is the best thing about it. Take a picture with the zombies and the tank and you're good to go. There's really nothing that exciting in the store besides stickers and fake knives, which is a shame because it really has so much potential. To the owners of the store, please re-read World War Z and get inspired!!!
3	Kind of silly. Kind of fun.  Hard core survivalists probably wouldn't like it but it is definitely opportunistic and kitschy.
3	Real neat idea.  Neat to visit.  Some useful stuff.  A bit overpriced.  Staff very helpful.
4	Go here, visit, maybe you will even buy something. Either way this place will make you feel at home when the end of the world comes. Some general survival stuff, a lot of great zombie wear, trinkets, books, weapons, decals, etc. Ammo to keep your guns happy...and even shooting packages but I did not even see the range.The people behind the counter were very helpful -- and they even accept Bitcoin, now that is a sign of survival!
5	Freakin awesome! So cool. All the zombie apoc gear you would need. Some walking dead stuff too. If you love zombie stuff then you must go there!
5	My husband and I have been coming here every year, for the past 3 years,  on our anniversary trip. It went from a hole  in the wall with a few cool things to a really cool place we can't wait to visit.   NOW THEY SELL AMMO! WHOO HOO! The staff is great to talk to, and they do more then just stand around, they actually do their job and show you what they have and try to sell you fun stuff. Being a store manager for 12 years, I appreciate employees who try to sell the items we carry. Yeah...that's what they get paid for.  I walked out $80 lighter :)Very happy with the very friendly staff. :)Helpful hints: Spend the dollar and incinerate a zombie...just do it.  Buy a rubber bracelet...my fave. The only complaint...they don't sell Zombie Apocalypse Store caps. :(They need to get those. :)
4	Someone apparently read my original review.Just visited here two weeks ago as I was passing through Vegas. Needed a place to stretch the legs and my wife didn't believe that there was a Zombie themed store anywhere.They added more weapons, more survival food, and more emergency survival books. All of my complaints about the business previously have been fixed! Way to go Zombie Apocalypse Store!
5	Lots of awesomeness! Its zombies people ...
3	After reading other reviews about this place, I knew not to expect it to be a military surplus store, but I was still disappointed. Mind you, it was a really cool zombie-themed souvenir shop that had a small armory in the back, but there really wasn't much truly practical "survival" gear.If you like zombies, this is a really fun place to go. I imagine that kids would love it! There are several interactive game thingies there, lots of T shirts, some books and bumper stickers. The MREs are a little pricy, as are the other camping/survival items (think rain ponchos and hand crank radios and flash lights). The only thing that I left with was a Twinkie. All in all, this is a fun themed shop with very friendly staff.
2	I went there to get some stuff for my sons birthday and sadly left empty handed not one of the two games worked and the staff could not get the picture booth to work witch I was going to use as invites for his birthday
4	Dawn of the DeadThere are hotels and gas stations riddled with fliers for the Zombie Apocalypse Store. I first found out about this place from a random Barstow gas station alongside many other Vegas-bound brochures. I'm a dooms day & zombie kinna gal, so we decided to take a detour in Vegas for a peak @ the strip & stop by the ZAS!    It should have been an easy place to find, but for some reason it took us a few loops and even a call to the store to find it. I guess I'm not a very good navigator, but let's just blame it on all the driving I've been doing ;) The small private parking lot is pretty sweet with some kid-frightening zombies and militia style decorating. The store itself is filled with novelty type zombie items and a few good resources to stock your bunker or car trunk with..... Just. In. Case. Its a fun and animated store that caters to that niche market of thrill seekers, end of the world junkies, and the occasional nut job. They also host zombie paintball events. I heard its held every Friday night but I'd suggesting giving them a call to inquire. Whatever your reason is to want to visit this place... its all good! We bought some cool souvenirs here but I'll leave it to sporting good, home improvement and army surplus stores to fill up my INCH bag and prep-stash.
5	heres a quick story...So i found this place on Yelp a few months ago by accident, and since i go to Vegas maybe twice a year, i had to book mark this page so i would remember to go. Fast forward to last week when i told my wife "lets go to Vegas for a couple days for the hell of it and leave tomorrow" and she agrees. So we make the 4 hour trek from L.A. with our 5 year old to Vegas and as im driving i say "oh yeah..i booked marked a few places on Yelp i wanna check out", so before we came home we stopped here.Now my wife is not a zombie fan but she said she was curious in checking it out, and since we had our 5 year old...i knew i wouldnt spend a ton of time here.We entered and stayed about 15 mins. Their were only 2 other people in the place, but i bet when its packed more or u go with zombie fans...its probably a funner experience. They had some really cool things, but unfortunately my 5 year old was getting a tad scared of the zombies on the screen and the 1 zombie actor walking around the store. I didnt get the cashiers name, but she had purple streaks in her hair, and was really cool and answered a few questions and even tried to make my son more comfortable by talking to him, but he was scared. Its okay....hes only 5, i guess its only fun when he and dad play "zombies" at home, not when they are on t.v. and walking around.Anyway....she said if i check in on Facebook and "like" their page you can get a free rubber bracelet, so i did. I also got a magnet for my fridge. I tried to get my wife to let me buy our son a shirt but she said no :(  i really wanted to get him one and told her next time we go to Vegas, i definately am.....especially since they were $15 and when we got home, i checked online and they are more money and u gotta pay shipping  DAMN IT!!!So we left, and not without having her take a pic of me with the sexy zombie statue outside. So when i go back to Vegas next year....im going back to look around more and buy me and my son a shirt.I would recommend this place, they got cool shit, CHECK 'EM OUT!!!
4	Need some end of the world gear or a twinkie ? This store's for you ! Gotta love a store where you can buy a shank,bullets and twinkies!
5	Cool store.  This place is inventing a new form of store.  It is a really entertaining place to visit.  What would you buy there?  If you work security, they have bulletproof vests at a great price, their ammo prices are good and they have fun shirts and stuff.
5	Great store full of funny zombie merchandise as well as great survival gear. Lots of photo ops and a bunch of things to look at. The people were really helpful.  I want to try the zombie shooting experience that let's you shoot real people dressed like zombies with paintball guns lol. I bought a stun gun and they gave my kids a free zombie bracelet for liking the store on Facebook.
4	This place is a zombie trap, meaning if you love zombies, you will more than likely love this store. Basically it's a surplus store with a little bit of everything you may need for survivalist reasons, but with zombies thrown in for good measure. They have a zombie arcade and a zombie truck outside you can take pictures of using the props. The owner was very friendly, as was the sales rep. Overall, a great store to stop by if you are into The Walking Dead and such.
5	Lately, it seems like anyone who can slap the Zed word on to their product will. They will also be slapping a big price tag on to their merchandise & have very little to do with "zombie culture" after the initial obligatory "We're all about zombies!" signage or whatever... This place though... This place....Yes, essentially it is a survivalist store, but they do a damned good job of keeping with that zombie apocalypse theme throughout the whole store. While we were there I spied no less than 3 interactive activities (ranging in price between $0.75 - $1.00) in the store with what looked like a 4th in progress. While talking to the counter girl, she said that they're always changing out the things to make room for new activities. That alone will definitely get me to come back here because the 3 other activities were neat & one was downright cool.Along with the survivalist stuff, there was a host of zombie stuff as well. Make sure you check in on Yelp to avail of a free wristband! The counter girl was nice enough to inform me of this. :)We got here at 7:00 pm & I was disappointed because everything I read stated that they closed at 7:00 and the exterior made the place look like it was closed. Good thing I'm stubborn & insisted on walking up to the door because they had extended hours during the summer (and a glowy "OPEN" sign)! So make sure you call the store for their hours. If you're like me & your tastes tend to skew toward the nerdy or kitschy, you'll definitely want to make a stop at this place.
4	My fiance and I came here today because I've been wanting a bug out bag. I've lived in Vegas for 3 years and have always driven by, but never gone in. When we walked in we were instantly greeted, and told where everything was. The man behind the counter was incredibly friendly and actively asked us about our day and engaged us in conversation to suggest things to us. We looked at the novelty items which included t-shirts, bracelets, etc., before entering a small side room with various weapons and heavy duty survivial gear such as flares, grappling hooks, climbing ropes, a large selection of machetes, axes, long knives, katanas, faraday bags, fuses, and dummy granades for added character.Exiting, we walked to the far back right corner where there were first aid kits, a couple walking dead promotional items, large cans of storable food (rotini in meat sauce, chicken Alfredo, etc.), emergency food ration bars, MRE's, whistles, lighters, and flint fire starters. The store is more of a novelty store and I think their main features may be a shooting package they have available where they take you out into the desert and let you shoot zombies with realistic paintball guns. They have a cool area where you can play a game where you shoot zombies, and there's an animatronic zombie dog that will put on quite a show for $1.All in all its a really cool store but I don't think I would consider it a true army and navy surplus shop. But still awesome.
5	So much fun! A survival store with a zombie theme. Lots of zombie merch, but at the same time- lots of good all around survival gear. A good selection of knives, and an assortment of emergency camp stoves, life straw, canned oxygen, camping can openers, etc. The girl behind the counter was both hot and helpful!Oh- and how could I forget the Twinkies?
5	FUN.  now they have gimmicky attractions like the scary zombie mutt & incinerate a zombie & county fair-style shooting gallery .   i bought a rad asian throwing star for $8.64extra rating star for cool Bob staying open 10min late for our group; that visit really added to our trip .  cool place to visit this time of year
4	This place is just fun to visit, even if your not looking to buy anything, aside from merchandise they have zombie video games. Upon walking in the staff was very friendly and inviting. Pretty fun spot, I'd definitely recommend.
5	This place looks like a regular army surplus from the outside when you get inside its high end and high class and hi-tech ammo, goods, food, and clothing and zombie supplies of course Walking Dead fans, this is a must Stop by location!!!they also have actual zombie hunts! with paint ball guns sweet Friday night times!
5	Have your picture taken with zombies or shoot em up! This is a fun stop on the map if ever in Vegas! The kids will love it! Lots of fun zombie novelty items and great fun for any Walking Dead fans out there!
5	One of the most awesome places I've been. Bought a few things and got some really awesome pictures, a must see!!
