5	I never could have imagined 10+ years ago that I would grow to love this place!! When Vegas was a vacation spot for my huge family and I, this was one of the required stops that my father and his brothers had to make. My cousins and I were always so reluctant to go!!  "NOT THE HUSH PUPPY AGAIN!" we would always say. Now that I am "all grown-up" I have new found appreciation for this place. I find myself here about once a month. So when they say "father knows best" it is so true. The Hush Puppy is great southern style food that any palate can appreciate. The catfish is so good!! You can have farm-raised or wild caught....either way it is delicious. If you like gumbo...they have best!!  The gumbo is great and the fried oysters are delectable! Speaking of fried.....FRIED GREEN TOMATOES ( that's right...it's not just movie, it's a delicacy for all of you that aren't familiar with southern cuisine!)...they have them and they are to die for! The sweet tea ain't too shabby either!! If you are looking for a great southern style feast...this is your place.Check out there all you can eat specials throughout the week. I.E. All you can eat catfish and crab legs....YUM!!(Just in case you were wondering....the answer is Yes!! They actually do serve hush puppies and they are homemade, fresh, hot and good!!)
5	A must stop for every time I go to Vegas. They have well great food, hushpuppys a course are the best anywhere,and seafood is great too. I do the buffet or whatever one it is where they keep sending food & hushpuppys and always feel like I got full too fast!
3	I took my family there when they were visiting from California. What drew us in was the cute sign they have for the place on the road. It looks like one of those places you find on a back-water U.S. highway, a little run down and sprawling all over the place, it had style Now I am not a big fan of seafood, so when it came time to order I chose a steak. It was pretty tasty, the sides were good and our waitress was very prompt. What makes my experience only a 3 star one is the thing they called a salad bar.  They had it tucked in this large alcove of a room. The carpet was deeply stained and it had an unclean look about it. From where I was sitting I had to stare at it all night, and there was just something wrong about it.Food 4Salad Bar -1
5	Please overlook the very scary decor, frightneningly stained carpet and tiki hut furniture.This place houses the best hush puppies I've ever had in my entire life. If you're a native or have lived in Vegas long enough and have been coming to the establishment, you can ask for their jalapeno hush puppies. It's one of those quirky things that some people would know just from living in Las Vegas -- kind of like when you want water you ask for a Lake Mead cocktail. The hush puppies are served with the best honey butter I've ever tasted.  It's blended just right - enough honey mixed in with the butter so it just soaks into your hush puppy and makes a wonderful sinful bite of greasified heaven...yum.On Monday nights this place has all you can eat crab leg nights.  When we lived in Vegas, our friends and I lived for Monday nights. It's the kind of all you can eat crab leg night where you know you have to take off your rings and watch so you don't get 'em all soppy and soaky from the wonderfully freshly steamed crab legs.I've also eaten their catfish - what a treat that was.Now when hubby and I go back to visit friends, we always make sure to stay until Tuesday so we can enjoy all you can eat crab legs.
4	Roomie and i plan to hit one of the restaurant.com spots ( i have 8 coupons left ) - she's up for thai so we make the trek to Mix Zone on Charleston - sad to say they're CLOSED ! We then decide on Rosemary's start driving up Charleston, we see Hush Puppy - she likes the sign, " can we go there ? " uhhh, yeah , sure I've seen the sign several times, but never went in - i didn't even know it's a restaurant ! walk in place is hoppin' - busy and loud ! get a menu, the server there in seconds for drink orders, i ask , how long you guys been here ? 35 YEARS !! oh, ok. Southern food with an emphasis on frying - cat fish, oysters, shrimp, etc. For $13 get the all you can eat catfish filets and shrimp with fries and a salad bar - a grease fest !!! Roomie gets the cajun plate - blacken catfish, oysters and grilled shrimp - also $13 also comes with salad bar and she opts for the collard greens. Salad Bar ? big bowl of greens, big bowl of coleslaw, big plate of sliced pickles, then bowls of the lil veggies - loved that they had the pseudo -bacon bits ! This place cracks me up ! my food - very greasy ! i stick with the catfish filets - not too greasy and some of the fillets are decent - nice crunch yet tender on the inside. the blackened catfish ain't bad. If you go into this place with the right attitude and expectation - it's worth a try - very reasonably priced, too.
5	Great food. Great service. Monday's all you can eat crab legs for $25! and they have really great bbq.
5	Awesome crab legs. Best hush puppies ever. Great food overall. Good service. The place is a must go if you're in vegas..
4	The hubby and I are out here for about 2 weeks and we decided to do something called a "coupon run" and try to eat good for next to nothing. One of the more popular places on the outskirts of the strip was this one and I can definitely see why. We just visited this place a few days ago and were very impressed with the mini-corn dog-like, golden hush puppies topped with honey. We got the buffet with the catfish and shrimp and stuff and salad bar. The salad bar was amazing! I recommend the mac salad for sure. All of the seafood was great and fresh but I still thought that the catfish was a bit bland and could have used a little bit more spice. Idk thats just me and my husband agreed also. The sweet tea there is the best sweet tea I have ever tasted in my life. If your in the area you have to give it a try.Buffet was $13.99Bad thing was the place opens at 5pm. (Its so popular that the parking lot is packed by 5:03pm!!!! )The place has undergone remodeling so the picture posted is not updated. It looks a lot better.There is a diverse clientele but the weird thing was that we noticed how the hostess segregated the dinning area. We thought it was hilarious!!!
4	The Hush Puppy, like its name implies, is a southern joint located off the strip in Las Vegas. My friend Stephen told me that every Monday night, they have all you can eat snow crabs. I noticed that the day I was there was a Monday, so I could not let this glorious opportunity go to waste. Our table of six finished three buckets. The key part is to eat the buckets real fast while the crabs are still warm. Once they start cooling down, they don't taste as good. In this case, you have to be the hare and leave the turtle in the dust.The snow crabs that they serve are not your typical Chinese buffet cheap crabs. I am happy to say that these snow crabs, albeit not as good (less meat) than the Alaskan king crabs, are still very delicious. On a side note, they have some of the best cole slaw I have ever had in my life.If you're ever in Vegas on a Monday, you have to try this place out. You will not be disappointed.
4	Southern Home Cooking.This place looks like a log cabin & feels like one too. It's usually jam packed but they also have a Drive-Thru.Inside they have a salad bar with every meal and they have specialty all-you-can-eat nights with crab legs & BBQ ribs for under $20/pp.It good for an occassional visit but it's a little much with everything but the salad being deep fried. My skin is oozing grease write now as I write this review.The hushpuppies are hot & crispy but kinda flavorless unless you dip them in the honey butter. The fries are always cold but the GFT are fantastic and the whole reason I come here.If your looking for some southern cooking and some odd stuff like frog legs and alligator tail this is your spot.
3	Decent seafood for Las Vegas if you enjoy the southern version of a good fish fry - corneal battered.  Delicious!
5	Owned by Charlie and Virginia Gormley, this restaurant has been part of the fabric of Las Vegas since I was a young child.  Excellent food, supurb service and warm southern hospitality.  You won't be disappointed!!!
5	My Father always told me if a parking lot is full and there is a wait, the food must be good. Boy am I glad that I listened to him because that is how we found Hush Puppy. Hush Puppy is so unexpected and so random and I love it! I must have driven by this place 20 times before I stopped in to try it out and it has turned out to be one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Monday Nights: All-You-Can-Eat Crab legs for $23.95Wednesday: All-You-Can-Eat BBQ Ribs for $15.95Every day: All-You-Can-Eat Catfish, Shrimp or both for $12.50Where do I begin? This place is all around fantastic. I wouldn't say this is a Go-To Seafood joint, it is however a Go-To Southern restaurant. I have been on the All-You-Can-Eat Crab legs nights and the BBQ Ribs night but what I keep returning for is the catfish and amazing hush puppies. The catfish is perfectly cooked and seasoned. Most people think catfish is easy to make but the truth is, most people don't know what the heck they are doing when it comes to frying up good catfish. It needs to be cleaned perfectly, seasoned to perfection and fried crisp; this is exactly what you get from Hush Puppy. Just thinking about the finger lickin' catfish makes me so happy.  Did I mention how amazing the Hush puppies are? And they give you a side of honey butter to dip them in. This place is fantastic; everything I have eaten here is fantastic. After you have eaten until you need to unbutton your pants, you might hear the most beautiful voice singing happy birthday. I am unsure of the server's name who sings but she is amazing, her voice is heavenly. When I return to Vegas I don't head to Mesa Grill or over to Caesars to visit Guy Savoy, I check out Hush Puppy. Maybe I should start bringing Tupperware to fit more food in my purse, it is that good.
4	fried fish in a creative place.  If you are a new local, check this place out.  Some fun outside of the strip!  yeah!!
4	I really enjoyed the food at this place. The restaurant is always pretty packed, especially on Mondays when they have the all-you-can-eat crab legs special. They have an all-you-can-eat salad bar, and a great fun menu with things like alligator tail and frog legs. We had to try both of those items and I must say they were actually pretty good. Everything is battered,  fried and super unhealthy, I'm sure, but the catfish is absolutely to die for. They actually have a drive-through order option which is really convenient, but my only complaint is that once I ordered catfish and fries and instead got a catfish sandwich and I was expecting to get some hush puppies on the side (standard on every order) but they were missing from my to-go bag. I would say definitely come here for the food, and expect polite service, and moderate prices, but also expect it to be very loud and crowded inside. This is indeed Las Vegas! The food is very worth it.
3	I've been to this establishment on random occasions for 15 plus years.  went back last night with a craving for their corn-meal breaded catfish.  as luck would have it, sunday nites are all you can eat catfish and breaded shrimp.  fried heaven, here i come.the decor is, meh, fake waterfall, unkempt outside, not one of those, whoa, eat and be seen kind of places, but it has been in business for alot of years owing to the quality of food they serve.  service was mediocre at best, just as you'd expect at a long-term mom and pop place in vegas that felt confident it no longer had to compete with places on the stripwe ordered the all you can eat for the night.  we were first served with hush puppies, now conveniently fried "bulllet-shaped". WTF? what happened to the old fashioned deep fried, round-shaped balls of corn meal and goodness they used to serve?  i guess the kitchen finally got automation and now they come out like artificially formed mini-hot dogs.  the upside is they are served with honey-sweet butter, perfect for dipping in.on to the salad bar, the cole slaw was vintage, not too sweet, not too vinegary, salad bar was basic but kept thankfully free of the brown, lettuce and chunks of leftover heads that no one wants to chop up.  In addition, they kept the salad bar stocked and made sure there were no other "add ons" i.e. no plunkets of tomato in your ranch dressing carried over by some lazy careless guest.  i hate that. the seafood was served hot with homemade tartur sauce. they serve all you can eat crab legs on mondays for what it is worth.  if it's any help, the tourists we saw on sun night who opted to order a bucket  were working to glean every piece of meat off the small crab legs  they ordered on the off night. All in all for what it was, very filling, not at all romantic, and nothing memorable, but decent food that doesn't make you sick. that should count for something. As a plus, the catfish is very well filleted, no worry about a bone, ever, which is good to me. Plus they have the recipe for iced T down, awesome! Last thing to mention for all you catfish/fried shrimp lovers $12.50 for all you can possibly eat on a Sunday night when you don't want to cook.   Along with the refillable salad bar. not a bad spend.
2	ALMOST HALF AS GOOD AS RED LOBSTEREach year I'm elated to see that my very favorite restaurant, Red Lobster, is voted "Number 1 Seafood Restaurant" in the Las Vegas Weekly Best of Las Vegas poll. So when I done found out that there was a place that locals thought was better'n Red Lobster, I just had to check it out.For starters, we got what looked like mini-corn dogs without the stick. I was disappointed to find there was no finely ground meat-in-a-tube inside but just corn meal. That's when I realized that we never ordered mini-corn dogs but that these were the restaurant's namesake HUSH PUPPIES. Um, well, I suppose these are corn dogs, er, hush puppies because they are two-bite corn meal nuggets, but they sure don't seem like the hush puppies that I'm used to. Hell, Long John Silvers has traditional hush puppies that are more like the real deal. These look like a yellow robot rabbit vacated it's bowels into a red plastic, wax paper lined basket. But hell, I'll eat fried bull testicles (aka Rocky Mountain Oysters) so why not eat yellow robot rabbit turds? With the honey butter that they supply, they actually have a subtle pleasant taste to them, if you're looking for something sweet and fried that is.The reason we went to the Hush Puppy is that it was billed as a Louisiana style restaurant. Visions of Cajun and Creole danced in our heads on our way over (which made driving quite a chore... no more White Widow Kush before operating light-heavy machinery). When we got there we were pleasantly surprised that it was Cajun without the Creole, or more like Creole without the Cajun. The FRIED GREEN TOMATOES were actually quite good and were on special at $2.95. They are regularly $4.95 which would have been a rip off, but for $2.95 it was okay. And they do have GUMBO as an appetizer for $6.95. It comes in a bowl and you can add ALL YOU CAN EAT SALAD BAR for $2.95 which makes it a meal.Well, let's talk about the Salad Bar. It was sad. I would say that it was basic, but it didn't even have Broccoli or Cauliflower. In other Yelp reviews I read that people were happy that it was clean and there wasn't tomatoes in the dressing and such. Yeah, I'd be happy about that, too, but that doesn't UP the star rating, it just keeps it from going down. The selections on the Salad Bar were extremely limited. (There was an area that could have held 6 more pots of dressing or ingredients that was basically just ice covered by whole leaves of a leafy lettuce which was just a space filler. They have the room, they don't have the desire to put more out.) The one saving grace on the salad bar was the COLE SLAW. It's slightly more coarse than KFC cole slaw and a little less sweet, which makes it perfect in my book. Cole Slaw is one of those dishes that people regularly disagree on. It seems to depend on how you had it when you grew up, and the cole slaw here is just the way I like it. But the rest of the salad bar is sub-par.But if this is a Louisiana or Cajun or Creole place, what was seriously LACKING was anything like JAMBALAYA or ETOUFFEE. Yes, they have ALLIGATOR TAIL and FROG LEGS, but where's the classic dishes? Why not offer them?My girlfriend ordered the BLACKENED CATFISH with BAKED POTATO and CORN ON THE COB. The Blackened Catfish was actually very good. The blackening tasted very good (although I like extra blackening and can always use a little more.) A little sprinkle of salt really brought out the flavor and it is a dish that I would recommend. The baked potato was overdone, indicative of mass cooking them and keeping them in a warmer too long. The worst part of her meal was the ICE COLD CORN ON THE COB. Blech. One bite and it was "NO THANKS!" That's a serious lack of attention to detail on the kitchen staff. (I don't expect the waitress to notice the temperature of something like that.)If you are looking for large quantities of FRIED SEAFOOD at a very reasonable price, there are a lot of options. ALL YOU CAN EAT FRIED CATFISH (Fillets or Fiddlers, which are small whole catfish) and ALL YOU CAN EAT SHRIMP, or a combination of two of the above for $12.50. Most people are done with AYCE Fried Food once they're out of high school (or maybe college for some), but if that's your thing, then it sounds like it's quite a deal here. They do have AYCE CRAB LEGS on Monday night (for something like $24) but my experience wasn't good enough to merit a return trip so I won't be finding out what a deal it is.I'm not saying that you shouldn't eat here and I understand how places like these can grab a loyal local patronage. For me, there are way too many much better places to eat that I can't imagine coming back on my own volition. By the way, pulling out of the parking lot we had already come to our verdict, but by the time we got home, my girlfriend had a very upset stomach that lasted through the night. I'm sure it was just luck of the draw but it ended up being the final straw.Kitty Got Si
1	Beyond sad edging into embarrassing. Might as well take your money dip it in lard and set it on fire. The food is gross, no flavor, greasy without being good and the place is grimy. Normally I try to give a place a couple of chances but here I'm making an exception once was more than enough.  I used to live in Birmingham, AL and this is the saddest representation of southern cooking ever.
4	I really give props to this place that even when its hella busy, people really work hard at keeping this place running efficiently. It's a wait usually, but not ridiculously long- I've waited 15 minutes at most to get a table. Definitely yeah, it's busy so sometimes I have to wait a moment to get a refill or some more catfish but I can't fault them for being one lady to so many tables. I  am a little more forgiving in crazy places like these so long as I see the effort put forth and the ladies do bust their butts trying to help everyone. Plus it wont kill me to have a gap between my fish baskets.  All servers have been such sweet ladies too. I never take for granted service with a smile and especially at a busy place.Now onto food stuffs. I usually skip the salad and just get my sauces and lemon there. I've gotten the catfish and shrimp twice and its really good here. I normally am not a fan of catfish because many places do not clean it up right and it taste like where it came from- a mud pond. Here its fresh and clean tasting and I like the crisp cornmeal breading....shrimps are fresh too. We've gotten the all you can eat crab legs on a crab craving and maybe its just us but we cant just go all out crab legs so we asked if theres a way to get a small basket of catfish or something to break up the taste. For like I think it was $3 extra we had all you can eat crab, catfish and shrimp. Crabs were good snow crabs. A few weeks before this we went to Rio seafood buffet and this was a lot fresher(we were disappointed there actually- see review)  so we finally were able to get our crab fix at the Hushpuppy. Not king crab, but hey- I was just going for fresh and this was good crab and really reasonable pricing.This is a place I'll definitely come back to specially with my  food loving friends. I wish the rib or seafood baskets were on a weekend though- never can try it since we're night peoples!
4	Pros:Been going here with the family ever since I was 5, it's a big childhood memory.They do a pretty damn good job with the catfish, doesn't have that swampy taste.It's pretty much the only good seafood restaurant in Vegas besides Red Lobster, Joe's Crab Shack  and certain buffets. Cons:Limited take-out menu.Markets itself as a Seafood AND Cajun/Creole restaurant. Does a pretty good job on the first but the latter description leaves a lot more to be desired.
3	For a place called "The Hush Puppy", you'd think their hush puppies would be better.  Their hush puppies are really just small pieces of very plain fried cornbread & are NOT real hush puppies.  With enough honey butter, they're pretty tasty though.  I went here looking for some catfish (I'm a Southern girl) and was surprised to see that they serve bone-in catfish and not just fillets!  The catfish is ok...nothing special.  They're kind of small and don't have as much flavor as I'd like, but I guess I really shouldn't complain about the catfish in the desert lol.We went on a week night & the place was pretty much dead, so there was definitely not a problem with waiting for a table.  Even though there were only a hand-full of diners, the service was pretty weak.  We got the all you can eat deal and had to wait a bit for food and drink refills - they only bring out 2 pieces of (small) fish at a time, so that was a little annoying.I'll definitely go back when I'm craving some bone-in catfish, but I know not to set my standards too high.
4	I'm a huge crab guy and the Hush Puppy is must if you are in Vegas. Only come to the Hush Puppy's for two things: all-you-can-eat crab and of course hush puppy's. Don't expect a good ambiance, but do expect a wait.
5	Before last week, my boyfriend and I had never been to Las Vegas, so I decided to do a little research of local restaurants that served seafood that were NOT buffets. We are both big crab and lobster buffs, and I wanted to find hot, fresh crab legs that hadn't been sitting in ice while lines of people annhilated them like they'd never seen food before. I came across reviews of this little "hole in the wall" establishment and wrote down the address. If you have a rental car, or are visiting someone with a car, it's perfect. However, a cab ride from a hotel on the strip will cost you 25 bucks to get there; a tad steep, but I think it was definitely worth every penny. We came there for one reason and one reason only: all you can eat crab legs. I can't say anything about their catfish or the salad bar, but after looking over the menu for the heck of it, they do have a large selection of seemingly authentic southern dishes; gator bites, fried oysters, etc. Also, the service is extremely friendly and very efficient; our waitress wouldnt let our crab plate get empty or the bucket for the shells too full, but she would always ask if were ready for another plate full so they wouldn't get cold. Even with tables everywhere, she never seemed flustered and made small talk with every table. The crab legs themselves were delicious; really large legs and claws and none of them short of meat. We also tried the Rio seafood buffet and the crab legs at the Hush Puppy were 10x better. A buffet is too scrambled with people fighting over crab legs, so to get them served to you whenever you want and as much as you want while theyre piping hot is a wonderful treat. The only downside, like previously mentioned, is how far it is from the strip. But, after eating what was quite possibly 10 pounds each, my boyfriend and I left full, satisfied, and extremely pleased with everything the Hush Puppy had to offer. If you do plan a trip to Vegas, make sure there is a Monday on your vacation!
5	My first time there was with my family about a year ago. I hear raves about this place but was a bit skeptical b/c of where it was located....a small little hut no bigger than a Fast food joint. But don't let looks fool you. Monday nights is the AYCE Crab Legs....to die for.We arrived there around 6:30p and that place was jam-packed. There was no where to sit inside, people were waiting outside, but since it was in the middle of winter, we all stuffed our bodies inside and it was so hard to get around. But you weren't cold that's for sure. The hostess was a bit rude, but all the other staff were really nice and helpful. How can a restaurant put a hostess up front to greet people with "how many? well...you're going to have to have a seat and wait because we have no tables." and not.."Hi, good evening, how many are in your party? Can i have your name? We will call you when there is a table ready?" --seriously its not so hard. i wanted to slap that hostess. But on a brighter note....we were finally seated and ready to eat.I didn't know you got Hush puppies with your crab...for no extra charge...niice. And there is a AYCE Salad bar as well to compliment the crab. A nice deal for $25 a person i must say.
5	I gotta say this...I never expected to find good Southern Cookin in Vegas...I mean of all places....Vegas?? My friend suggested we go...so we went on a Friday night...after drooling over the menu for a good 10 minutes.....we finally decided to try out the Steak, Crab legs, Catfish, fried shrimp, greens, fried oysters, fried clams....and that Gumbo!That gumbo was the truth! My friend ordered the gumbo to share...so you know how you grab a few spoonfuls to try it but you cant stop...but you really want to so you dont look greedy? Yeah...I was feeling that way even after she offered me the last piece of shrimp in the gumbo. :) Everything else was pretty damn good but the gumbo was the best part of the meal. 2 bowls of that and I wouldve been satisfied.The location is a bit far from the strip but....it was wellllll worth the trip. But check this out...they even have a drive thru! Hush Puppy owners? Dont you wanna expand to the east coast..preferably in the northern va area near the white house....i swear you would make so much money!
4	Must admit first time I went there was not impressed, that was years ago,but that would not b fair to hush puppies since back then I was not a fried catfish fan. Jump ahead 9 yrs later and my palete has grown w/ my waist size. Hush puppies has the best catfish I have ever eaten. The coating and seasoning reminds me of fried chicken which for me is a good thing, luv fried chix. I don't care for the hush puppies wrong texture for me. Gumbo was good and the salad bar is alright . I would go again , see u their
4	A definite must when i'm in Vegas.All you can eat cat fish and hush puppies .
2	I wanted to love this place.  I REALLY did.  My husband is from Arkansas and I lived in the south much of my life.... so finding out there was a Southern restaurant in Vegas made us very excited.  I also love crab legs so I was doubly excited to try the AYCE on Monday night.I have to say that the crab legs were probably some of the absolute best crab legs I've ever had.  They were very meaty.... no flimsy ones in the bunch (and believe me, we ate a BUNCH!).  Our waitress was also very nice.That's where the good part stopped, though.  The restaurant itself is in dire need of a good cleaning.  It feels dingy and dirty.  We were seated right by a "waterfall," which was a joke.... just embarrassing, really.  PVC pipes barely pushing out a trickle of water into a cement tub of chipped paint.  I think they would be better to just board up the windows so no one could see that thing.The salad bar is pretty much a joke too.  As others have mentioned, it doesn't have a whole lot of items on it, and those that are, are questionable.  Not exactly fresh looking.And with a name like the "Hush Puppy," I would expect some REALLY GOOD hush puppies, but no... they were just pretty "meh."Maybe if I were in the mood for crab legs, I'd go back... but really there are enough places in town that serve pretty good crab legs and also have a nice ambiance...  I'd probably just go to one of those instead.  Still looking for a great Southern place here in Vegas...
1	We've eaten here once.  The food was OK enough, atmosphere was OK enough.  But will not be going back.  They bring you a nice size basket of hushpuppies, like bringing chips elsewhere, before you order.  We did not ask for them, just brought to us.  At the end of the meal there were a lot left over so we asked if we could get them packed up to go.  We were told no due to them being part of all you can eat. ?? We got them before we ordered any all you can eat dish remind you.  So I made a statement to the waitress to the effect of "so they just throw all of those away?"  And she replied in an odd manner, "yeah, they just throw them away".Seems odd that a place would throw away a lot of good food they brought to you for free to begin with rather than let you take it.  Doesn't it?  If you do go here, I would recommend skipping the hushpuppies.  Would probably skip anything fried.
4	The BF and I got into a random tangent about seafood and thus got into that we havent had catfish in a long time. I love the crunchy cornmeal batter and appreciate that this is fresh,clean tasting catfish and the shrimps are mild and sweet. This time in the salad bar there's pickled green tomato and it's great with the catfish some hotsauce and lemon. A little citrus, a little spice, a little sweet= perfecto. I got some collard greens as my side and they were decent. It's very straightforward food but it's quality. I can never really eat much, but worth it enough to do AYCE since it's only $12.50Service is always friendly and pretty attentive even though it can be pretty busy. Sure sometimes they might forget your extra honey butter or something or to bring you hot sauce, but not intentionally and bring it up right away if you remind them.  For how busy it is and how many tops they're caring for, it's not that often. Drinks are filled at a decent rate too, didn't wait too long on empty.Our server today for example, was also the cashier so all things considering I appreciate how much each person does here and still manage to do it with a smile and hospitality.  I overheard someone sitting behind me saying their oysters here are great so I got something new to try for next time.
3	I went here last year for my nephew's birthday party.The food wasn't as good as I've had there in the past.We had a large group in the private room,the service was very good.One of the waitresses came in and sang Happy Birthday and had an absolutely BEAUTIFUL voice! Really amazing!we all enjoyed that extra touch,we will be going again this year(my nephew is a creature of habit) hope the singer is there again.
4	I am sick of people saying this place doesn't have "real" hushpuppies.  Hushpuppies were originally simple balls of fried cornmeal thrown to dogs to shut them up. So I would say that heavily seasoned ones with chopped onions in the batter aren't real hushpuppies. The hushpuppies here are simple and delicious, especially with honey butter or tartar sauce.This place has great catfish, and I am a big fan of the AYCE crab Mondays. They don't always make it obvious, but if you get the AYCE crab, you are also welcome to AYCE catfish, shrimp and french fries (it makes sense, since each of those is cheaper for them than the crab--EDIT: apparently they changed this; it's now a couple bucks extra).Unfortunately, this place is often pretty dingy, and the busyness tends to keep the staff from being very attentive.I've been going to this place for almost 20 years now, and I highly recommend it. Just don't whine about not being able to take food home if you get AYCE. It's a common policy and it certainly doesn't deserve the type of nasty reviews such as the one from last October.
4	ok so i would really give it 3 stars IF we were in another state....but we're in Vegas so this isn't that bad for the price imo......you get free hush puppies with your meal ..... beware if you are expecting traditional deep fried balls of southern hush puppies you will be disappointed.....they have more of a ....i guess i would call it commercial taste to them (if that makes sense) they are ok not my fav......the service was good our waitress was really nice....the atmosphere leaves a little to be desired imo but whatever im more worried about the food anyways..... so we got the AYCE catfish ribs and fried shrimp.......the shrimp were good , they actually had shrimp in them! not just a fried batter with a shrimp tail sticking out like some places...... the ribs were decent for a "seafood" place.....the greens were actually really good (im picky about them) not overcooked .....the catfish is good....if i had never had catfish alley then hush puppy would be my fav for catfish......the catfish was moist and not over battered......so AYCE apparently wasn't enough we also ordered frog legs ....not the best ive had not the worst.....just ok.......fried green tomatoes ....again just ok .......and fried alligator tail ....this was actually a little more than ok to me and i was slightly surprised to see it on a menu somewhere here in Vegas the fact that they had it and it was good makes me like this place even more.......they have beer im not sure about any other alcohol choices they may have but the beer selection has something for everyone....all in all i will come again i believe in trying places multiple time before giving my final opinion (consistency is key :)
4	Rating this place is almost unfair. First off...I have an AYCE fetish. I just can't resist it, and I usually can't control myself once I'm there.Just like Chantel said..."If we were in another state...but we're in Vegas so..." Yea. My expectation go way down where AYCE is involved so if it is even decent I'm usually blown away. This place is definitely a pleasant surprise for the price. The service was friendly, and more than adequate for this style of dining.We went on a Wednesday and had the AYCE ribs, which also includes AYCE catfish, shirmp, a side, hush puppies, and small salad bar, all for only $14.95! The hush puppies were decent because they are served with honey butter, but don't have anything on the inside like corn, onion or cracklin which are always included in a proper hush puppy, and I expected better when considering it is the establishment's namesake.The star of the salad bar is the cole slaw. For those of you who love good slaw with something fried or grilled, this is the best i've had anywhere in Vegas.We all disagreed as to who has the best ribs in town, but we all agreed that these were the best (& only) AYCE ribs ever, and well beyond what you expect out of a seafood restaurant. They are small, smokey and sweet, not overcooked, but not the mush you get on most buffets.The catfish was good but somewhat inconsistent. I am a fan of small whole fish("fiddler's" as they are called, which they have, but not as part of the daily special), but these are filets. The first batch we had was just OK, but when we got the second round they were greasier, oilier, and had a great salty taste that went great with the sweet slaw, tartar, and an ice cold Abita. The shrimp were just fried shrimp, but surprisingly plump. For a side you can get fries or greens. If you are a fan of collards, you HAVE to go here. These are the only greens I've ever had in a restaurant that rival those made by my family in GA. Al dente without being crunchy or mushy, with tons of pork in the mix. Rather than put everything out Buffet style the serve each order family style, so it's fresh when you get it.In addition to the all you can eat we wanted to sample some of the more unique southern fare, that you often can't find in Vegas without paying an arm and a leg.Frog legs. Great taste, with light breading, and not overcooked like they usually are. $6.95Fried green tomatoes, nice small thinly sliced, and properly breaded, but they just didn't have the right taste. They were perfectly executed with remoulade but the batter just needs more spices to it. $4.95Also...Cheapest oysters in Vegas: $9.95 for a dozen. They aren't the best i've had in Vegas, but for the price they get the job done.Fried alligator, which was served in nugget form. Here again the execution was great, and the gator meat tasted great but the breading just doesn't have the right spices to stand up to the dark oily meat so it seems flat tasting. $6.95So, the 3 of us shared 4 appetizers, had 3 all you can eat meals, and 2 beers a piece and the bill was exactly $100.I haven't been on a Monday yet for the AYCE crab legs, but i'm sure I will be back several times to try each of the daily specials so I'll update as I try more.
2	To be quite honest, my experience was slightly disappointing. Although we were here on a Monday night (when they offer AYCE crab legs), I decided to go for the AYCE catfish fillets + shrimp. Some pieces of catfish were nice and moist on the inside due to their thickness. Others were not so flavorful. As for the shrimp, I should have known better. With some of them, if it wasn't for the shrimp tail, I questioned if there was even any shrimp in there.I'm being harsh on the AYCE, but I'm still open to dining here again. They have other items I would like to try, such as their frog legs and their alligator dishes. But I wouldn't come back here for catfish, let alone AYCE catfish. I believe that Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips has better catfish. And as it turns out, they even do AYCE on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays.As a final note, this place has the best hush puppies I've ever had. The thing is, I've never liked hush puppies. I don't get the appeal. So despite the fact that they are prepared flawlessly, I am still not a hush puppy lover.
4	The Crab is good, not always as hot as I'd like, but Hell, it's ALL YOU CAN EAT on Mondays! I will settle for a little lack of warmth when I can get as much as I want. The Hush Puppies rock, with warm Honey butter. the salad bar is eh....take it or leave it. The servers are not the most attentive, but if you yell HEY they come right over. :) If you get there right at 5, there is usually no wait, but after that plan on sitting a while.
3	My mother in law took us here for all you can eat (AYCE) crab legs on Monday night. I've always wanted to try this place and this was the perfect opportunity!  Good food and great company.Monday nights also seem to be extremely crowded! I was fortunate to not have to wait so long in line since we got there early in the evening. I felt even more lucky as we were leaving.  TONS of people waiting for a seat.We were set in what was almost a private dining room with our party of 8 people.  It was nice and cozy.  It was crab legs galore! And all you can eat.  The hush puppys with honey and butter were awesome!My only complaint about this place is that the waiter was very sparse when it came to drinks, taking or initial order and drink refills.  We were keen to ask ahead of time when he would appear for more crab legs, so we weren't left wanting too long.Parking seems to be an issue as well if you do not get there early... if you do plan on eating here, try to beat the crowd!I'd come here again, absolutely!  I love crab and the caliber of the crabs, claws and meat were right up there.
4	Good Friday Meat-less Meal:It's all about the hush puppies at the Hush Puppy for me.  We've been eating at this establishment for years since my son loves him some AYCE catfish and fries and I'm all about the AYCE hush puppies.  Yes, I know that they are not considered an entree, but I can eat A LOT of them with that delicious butter slathered on top (around?)--who cares if they're unhealthy and that we had a second basket brought to our table?  Our attentive waitress did not!  Eating here is like coming home--even the weird Polynesian/bamboo decor doesn't seem weird like it first did when we first started coming here.  My son and I ate dinner there last night for Good Friday and there was no wait--unusual since we usually have had to in the past.  The teenager had the AYCE fried catfish and fries, his standard.  I had the Iron Skillet Louisiana Shrimp with Fried Green Tomatoes, which is two skewers of grilled shrimp with seasoning--it's okay and I usually have this when we go instead of ordering the fried shrimp--that would just be too much bad stuff in one sitting!  The salad bar that comes with each meal includes cole slaw, which is probably the best thing at the salad bar--after all these years they still don't offer tomatoes or mushrooms for the salads?  No matter--I still got some green vegetables in me to counter the hush puppies and butter.  There are lots of other AYCE options on the menu, i.e., fish that I cannot eat due to my inconvenient fish allergy (but I can eat shellfish!), so I cannot speak to them.  However, my son loves his catfish and still says that Hush Puppy has the best around.  Our waitress was GREAT and non-judgmental, which helps when you want more, now!
2	Dropped to a 2, as they are not doing all you can crab for a couple months. I don't see any other reason to go to this Hush Puppies, so they dropped from a 4.5 to a very generous 2.
4	Been eating here for over ten years,And I can say that the all you can eat catfish has always been and taste the same year after year.The service is O.K. but the price is great,Nice place to get away from the strip to dine
4	Yet another Classic Vegas place that I have been going to ever since I can remember. Seriously, I've been going here so long that I can remember being able to see the entire strip from their dining room. I heard a rumor that they discontinued their AYCE crab night on Monday's that was $25. I think I died a little inside. This was some of the best crab I could find in town. I became a crab snob and wouldn't eat it anywhere else. The catfish is good, but used to be better when they offered it as a fiddler (whole fish), farm and fresh water raised option. Now they just have the thicker, mushy filet and the fiddler style. I personally liked the thinner, crispy filet catfish. The cornmeal they used on their fish is good. The hushpuppies and honey butter are addicting. The salad bar is usually always good. My mom goes nuts for the pickled green tomatos. The service is hit and miss. There are a few servers that have been there a while and are nice, but sometimes the newer ones are super bad and take forever. The ribs there are also very tastey. Sweet tea is very good as well. If you are feeling up to it, I suggest going for the Alligator tail. It's a little different, but worth trying!
4	I eat fish once or twice a week and since I wasn't in the mood to cook my usually: fish, collard greens, hush puppies, and homemade potato salad. I came on yelp to review soul food restaurants. Well since I hate driving and I wasn't trying to drive that far- I find this place.  I order a catfish sandwich to-go and it came with seasoned fries .  OMG when I got home- I noticed that it was to much food.  I was only able to eat half the sandwich and some of the fries. The sandwich came on a toasted hamburger bun with lettuce, and onions, and two nice size seasoned pieces of fish. Not sure if they didn't have tomatoes or what but I added my own. I added some hot sauce and i was good to go. It was good hands down. I will be returning next week:).
2	It's been a long time- like 5 years since I visited Hush Puppies and I could recall if I liked the food. So when I moved back to Las Vegas and wanted some fish I drove thru and ordered the catfish sandwich. I had to wait 15 for my order and the food was cold the fish was so think all I tasted was the bread it was in between. Very disappointing for the price.
3	For the fourth of July I decided to take my mom to have dinner some place different. This is different as in you just don't get this food anywhere. Famous for their catfish which is what I usually get. All you can eat at a decent price. When you arrive it is like a shack down south. Peeling paint on the walls and that homey feeling. What I order every so often is the alligator. Yeah that's right, those reptiles that will eat you in a heartbeat. Deep fried and pretty tasty. The service was outstanding and they have specials Monday through Thursday. Which include all you can eat crab legs to all you can eat ribs. I think it is a place you can just enjoy. Only reason I don't give them a higher rating is the variety of food. I'm one of those variety is a spice of life idiots. Please Please do not forget to try the pickled green tomatoes at the salad bad (included in most meals) I could eat a plate of just that.
5	I've been here too many times to count. Every time my out-of-town  family visits, we come here once during their visit.What we love:-  the AYCE catfish fillets are cooked to perfection.-  the chow chow is excellent.  This is a southern green tomato relish that is hard to find unless you're in the deep south. 5 stars for these 2 things being consistently good since I moved to LV in 1995.What we don't love: the collardsThe hush puppies are very good, the honey butter is addictive.The salad bar has the tartar sauce, lemons, and other condiments you may need, in addition to standard salad items.
4	I love this place. The catfish is always top notch. And perfectly fried. Any day of the week you can doAYCE catfish and shrimp but really theres no need to limit yourself here. While im sure those are their staplesthey also have frog legs and alligator tails and oysters (oh my!).They have the best hush puppies i've ever tasted and thehoney butter is to die for! They used to have AYCE crab legs but have since stoppedwhich is ok, im a bigger fan of hot and juicy's crab legs anyways. If you're looking for a quick fried seafood fiesta then stop in.. You won't be disappointed !
4	Value, value, value! Ok, it's kind of silly to say that I've found a secret spot in Las Vegas in a restaurant that's been around 30+?? years, but that's exactly what The Hush Puppy is to me.The GF brought me here as she loves crab. She ordered the 1+ pound crab legs while I ordered the gumbo. Best gumbo I've had in town. Sorry, Palace Station...yours was way too salty. The crab is good and the salad was ok. The pecan pie though was awesome!!Wished the hush puppies had hot dog in them because I love corn dogs but the sweet butter goes well.Will be back soon!
4	There were plently of pleasant surprises on my first trip to The Hush Puppy yesterday. First of all, I didn't realize it was AYCE ribs night. Then when our waitress informed me that the AYCE rib special included shrimp and catfish. I was starting to complain to my wife that I didn't see hush puppies on the menu just about the time a basket of them arrived at our table with delicious honey butter (in lieu of bread). The ribs were tender and came right off the bone and the BBQ sauce was good too. The fried shrimp were okay. I rarely eat fish, but since it was included, I gave it a shot. It was actually pretty good. I liked the cornmeal batter and was genuinely shocked how much I enjoyed the catfish. The biggest surpise came with the check. Between my wife and I we had two entrees with sides, hush puppies, salad bar access, one non-alcoholic beverage, and two beers for just over $30. Nothing is really spectacular here, but everything was good. I gave it 4 stars opposed to three because of the value. The ambiance and customer service matched my expectations of a place that charges around $10-$15 a person. The food and portion size exceeded those expectations hence the value. I would certainly recommend trying it out and I will likely go back myself. The only thing that comes to mind as a negative about The Hush Puppy is that it doesn't open until 5:00 pm. For me personally, it is the type of establishment I would prefer to frequent for lunch.
1	The first thing we observed when entering the Hush Puppy was the overwhelming smell of bad seafood.  The service was good, but the food was just terrible.  The fried green tomatoes were bland and tasted like corn meal and salt, the hush puppies were generically mediocre and the salad bar was disgusting, with watered down lettuce and condiments.  The fried shrimp are all differently sized and the fried whole catfish was terrible as well.  Everything tasted like oily corn meal batter.  Before we got our check I had to make a mad dash to the restroom!  I would never go back and wouldn't be surprised if either Gordon Ramsey or Robert Irvine ending up using this disgusting establishment as an example of where to avoid.  Absolutely disgusting....I wonder what their kitchen looked like?
4	I felt like i was at home!!!  Not my house home, but its just so cozy and laid back i felt uber comfy!!  I got all you can eat shrimp and catfish pretty tasty I must say.  The highlight was definitely the fried green tomatoes.  And those hush puppies are addicting
3	The customer service is strange.....the salad bar area smells funny....the hush puppies are really tasty  IF you dip them in the honey butter. The shrimp and fish are tasty. I would say unless you haven't eaten in a week, the all you can eat doesn't make any since because after the salad and hush puppies, you don't need all that fried food.
4	I am southern girl so I do not shy away the chance to get my hands I real southern food. This place came highly recommended by several of my friends and co-workers. I did not eat in I just opted to go through the drive through. I had the catfish, fries, and hush puppies.The food is good but, I would say this place is a little overrated I expected a bit more.All in all The Hush Puppy has good food for a good price. Definitely worth a try for those who like southern food.
1	Come on really 3 star?  Have any of you even looked under the glass at your table?  Its a plastic table cover from 1980 that hasn't been cleaned for a decade or so.. Have you looked at the ceiling? It has food on it from the 1980's. The floor hasn't been cleaned since it was installed. Check out the A/C vents they have some interesting features. The girl who seated us provide menu's with tartar sauce all over the inside of them. NASTY!  All the glasses are plastic chipped and cracked. The food is all straight out of a box. My wife was mad at me for taking her to eat here she said are you trying to make me sick?  My bad!  We will not be going back. Save your money go to Long John Silvers.  Did I miss anything?
4	AWESOME hushpuppies, and for a hole in the wall type place, their food is GOOOOOD. It's hot, fresh, nice service and they don't have thick breading on their catfish, it's coated just right.  I am not a fan of fried shrimp and asked if I could substitute extra fried oysters and they did with no problem at all.  I've always liked this place and will continue to go back anytime :-)
4	I'll preface this review by saying that I eat here ALL THE TIME and have never had a bad meal. However, some menu items are better than others, in my opinion.So you're probably wondering about the catfish. I love it. I love it to the point that my (seafood fanatic) husband couldn't touch another piece of fried fish for six months after I made him eat catfish for dinner daily for two weeks. Luckily he's over his aversion, as we went through the (highly convenient) drive-thru just the other day! I won't say this is the end-all, best catfish in the world, but it's in my top two or three.The ribs are really good too. I'm usually cautious about ordering ribs because I am very picky about them. My usual fears are unfounded, as The Hush Puppy prepares them just the way I like them: crispy/charred on the outside, falling off the bone and not sauced to death. I take it a step further by ordering their (excellent, btw) barbeque sauce on the side rather than slathered on the ribs themselves. The Wednesday (and Saturday too, at the Nellis location) AYCE rib special comes with catfish, fried shrimp and probably some other stuff I cannot recall. I think one time I was able to eat judicially enough to be able to order a second plate of the ribs, but AYCE for me these days translates to "damn, not nearly enough!"...For those of us not wanting to die of a heart attack on the way out of the restaurant, I can recommend a couple of "lighter" options. The crab legs platter is ridiculously cheap and B-I-G. There's also a combo plate featuring only grilled items: "Cajun Fantasy". It comes with a blackened catfish fillet, a skewer of grilled shrimp and stuffed oysters, if I'm remembering correctly. It's definitely not a heavy dinner and is the only thing I've ever ordered that I am able to finish. The basket of bullet-shaped hush puppies brought to the table shortly after sitting down is always solid. I like them with or without the honey butter, but c'mon, what WOULDN'T be made better by honey butter? I've always been accustomed to more savory hush puppies, usually with onion inside. This is an interesting change.There's a small salad and condiment bar offering up a good chow chow (which I will put in and on nearly everything on my plate), tartar sauce, cocktail sauce, some typical salad items/dressings, coleslaw, potato/macaroni salads and maybe one or two other things I am forgetting. I usually make myself a little salad, take a spoonful or two of the mayo-based stuff and get my condiments before dinner. I was initially taken aback by the fact that you get your own sauces, but I quickly realized that for a sauce-Nazi such as myself, it's a blessing. I've always found the salad bar area clean and with fresh items, personally.The restaurant itself is rather oddly decorated and has many different rooms/corridors. Half the time I get lost on my way to and from the salad bar. That's okay though, and I think it would be a brillant place for a large group, since many of the "rooms" have just a couple of tables. More often than not, I hit up the drive-thru, though the drive-thru's menu is limited. Great value, whether or not you eat inside, and you can feel good about supporting a long-standing local eatery!
4	All you can eat catfish and shrimp for $13.95. They have super daily specials but I always end up getting the shrimp and catfish. When the alligator tail is in season, I love it, it has the chewy consistency of kalamari but the light flavor of a chickeny-fish. The fried tomatoes are great, very light and crisp. I really love this place, very laid back and chill, good southern food.
1	Red Lobster is better! The only things good here are snow crab legs and sweet tea. The hush puppies taste like corn dog breading without the hotdog and the all you can eat ribs a chewy and flimsy!  My husband had the all you can eat rib dinner and after the first few bites wouldn't eat anymore and my son had the all you can eat catfish and only ate two bites! They both wound up eating my crab legs!
1	This place is filthy and needs restaurant impossible! Food was horrible!
4	I've only been to this eatery once but I want to go back as soon as I can.  I love Seafood and especially places that have an all you can eat policy; (Ive gained almost 30lbs in the past year and a half since moving to Vegas) but this only qualifies for an average local eatery spot. so this is your typical local eatery you have to wonder why is it so popular:?The answer is that on Monday it is all you can eat Crab Legs; I heard about that and took a day off of work to get there at 4:30 (Restaurant opens at 5) When I arrived I was 15th in line so keep that in mind get here early for the best tables and to ensure you get your fair share of good/great crab legs. Another thing I had while there was a jalapeno Hush Puppy. OMG if you like a little spice you must give them a try. They were free when I was there as they are hoping you fill up on them rather than the crab legs.  They bring out the regular Hushpuppies when you sit down so you will need to ask specifically for the jalapeno ones; Be careful in the parking lot; I drove right over the curb and did some serious damage to my vehicle.  As upset as I am about that I still give this place 4 stars so you know I'm serious when I tell you that you will not be disappointed with the food or their wonderful wait staff;
1	I have tried a lot of restaurants in Las Vegas. This one now tops the list of the worst I have ever been to. It was a Wednesday and the special was all you can eat ribs plus shrimp, catfish, fries and a salad.The service was nonexistent. The prices seemed OK until I tasted the food. I did not even finish one piece of catfish. It tasted like it was fried in a mop bucket. The tartar sauce was tasteless and was full of big chunks of onion. The shrimp was decent but the ribs were dry. My glass of iced tea was never refilled even once. The worst part of my experience at this restaurant was the cleanliness, or lack there of. It is dark and dingy. The tables were greasy and smelly. There was filth, grease, and grime six feet up the wall. I have never been so disgusted in my life. This place would even be turned down by the television show Restaurant Impossible. Save yourself from the misery that is Hush Puppy. Don't even give them a first thought.
1	Just got back from our first trip to the Hush Puppy.First up - The building.I was ready for rustic. I was not ready for an overgrown weedy outside. Should have been a warning sign.We were seated promptly. No waiting on Wednesday at around 5:30. Second warning sign.Waitress was friendly and took our order promptly. And promptly forgot to bring our drinks until we were well into our trip to the salad bar. The salad bar was your basic out of a bag salad. Lettuce, potato salad, macaroni salad. Nothing super. They did have green onions....wilted green onions.On to the main course - Hubby got the all you can eat shrimp and french fries. I got the Special which was all you can eat shrimp, ribs and catfish. The reason that they have all you can eat is that it is so bad you won't ask for seconds.The shrimp was the flat kind with crunchy coating like you buy in the freezer section of your supermarket. You know the kind - the ones that are in layers with some type of wax paper between them - yes, the yucky kind. The ribs were plentiful and dry. The catfish tasted funny. Few other comments -Drinks were served in the big red plastic kind of glasses. Mine was cracked.The tables are covered by a vinyl table cloth and then a piece of plexiglass. The plexiglass is very well worn. There is no money being spent here on upkeep.This is one of those places that after you eat you wish you had not because it was just eating wasted calories.
3	This is a great place for a casual dinner as they don't open till 5:00 PM.  The wait staff are very attentive and friendly and provide good service.The catfish is very good, the shrimp is good and the salad bar is good but none of it is exceptional.  They do have another store over on Nellis Blve and it is newer but we can't offer an opinion of it.As tourist from Texas, we still think it was worth the drive from the Strip out to the place for something different.  Give the a try when you next visit Las Vegas.
2	Ordered all you can eat catfish, frog legs, grilled shrimp, hushpuppies and fried shrimp. Very bland, not enough seasoning. I didn't like any of it. The prices are good.  The only thing that was good was the sweet ice tea and customer service.
3	It's ok... its an old vintage place that has been around forever.. The all you can eat shrimp is good.  WOrth trying especially if you like catfish
5	My whole family and I have been eating here for years and we love it. We always bring our family from out of town here when they want soul food or something Southern. I usually get the all-you-can-eat catfish with fries and hush puppies or the seafood platter and I am never displeased. All of their meals come with a trip to the salad bar, and the salad is always delicious and fresh. Sometimes we place a to-go order. I'm glad they finally got a drive-thru at this location but the wait was long. Guess it would've been the same as waiting inside since they make everything fresh. I'd like to see this place remodel one day but it's not in bad shape.
4	Great steak and crab legs for a great price.
3	Call me crazy, but I was expecting this place to have the best darn hushpuppies in town.... I was very mistaken. The hushpuppies were more like corn bread nuggets, nothing like the cornmeal fried delights that I'm used to. They were good... but they were disappointing at the same time.I think they should rename this place "Mediocre Southern Comfort Food."  Most of the meal choices earn you a trip to their "salad bar." Yes.. I put salad bar in quotes because it offered only one choice of lettuce with few veggie toppings, but I will give them credit that they did have a large variety of dressings. Alligator tail: A good appetizer. The breaded deep fried nuggets of gator did not have any distinguishing flavors. I could have been eating fried chicken nuggets and I would not have known the difference. However, the breading did have good seasoning and the nuggets were crispy so that is a plus. The freshwater catfish was thinner and milder in flavor whereas the farm-raised catfish was thicker with a stronger flavor. Both preparations were a big disappointment. The breading was completely bland and the fried fillets weren't crispy. So it was an overall soggy flavorless dish. The only thing that made it palatable was the cocktail sauce that I dipped it in. If you ever had the opportunity to eat at Catfish Alley- this place pales in comparasion. The fried shrimp was a little better, but I could have gotten better fried shrimp from the Red Lobster. Plus side: the catfish/shrimp dishes are AYCE so if you have a large appetite you can eat your weight in fried seafood, but for me and my husband, we left full... but not satisfied.
4	My wife and I have been fans of The Hush Puppy since we discovered them nearly a decade ago.  Sadly, due to issues with my health and other factors we haven't been out to eat very much at all this past few years, but that is changing, so we were really stoked to make The Hush Puppy the place for our 10th anniversary dinner.They still have the same great specials which drew us to them to begin with; namely, the all-you-can-eat shrimp and catfish, with oysters and clam strips added for only a couple dollars more on Thursdays.  Sadly, I think the quality of the seafood has declined in the last few years, but everything was certainly still palatable and the oysters are still my favorite.  My personal theory is that the destruction of the Gulf of Mexico due to the BP Deepwater Horizon disaster may have a lot to do with this.  Since their prices haven't increased much at all, they may be sourcing their product from China or elsewhere now out of sheer necessity.  They also no longer offer frozen margaritas or mudslides like they used to.  The alcoholic beverages are now only beer and wines and I'm not really partial to either, so we stuck with Diet Coke and tea.The salad bar is also very limited now, and one thing which I found REALLY weird was that the only option for onions was whole entire scallions.  Not chopped up into little bits, but the whole 7-inch stalk from green end to white.  The pecan pie we had was good, but to be honest it was a bit overbaked.Our server was a real sweetheart, and I had no problem tipping 25% rather than the normal 15.  I didn't get her name, but she was very attentive and friendly and earned every penny despite some shortcomings with the food.I give this establishment a 4-star review in spite of everything because I think that The Hush Puppy is still doing their best to deliver good food at a reasonable price in spite of likely problems with sourcing product and the fact that the Las Vegas economy is in generally horrible shape.  I think if more people would support them, it would help them to survive and thrive in spite of all of this.Give them a shot, and I sincerely hope that you will enjoy them as much as my wife and I have since 2003.
4	Only in Vegas! Thee most delicious catfish, hush puppies, shrimp, and fish, ever.  They have gator, even. I haven't tried that, het, but I have no doubt it's as delicious as the rest of the menu. This place is always packed. The best bet, unless it's date night with the old ball n chain, is to call in your order for pick up. Just make sure you have all your sauces, especially the honey butter.
2	Went to this place a couple years back with family during a trip to Vegas and loved it! Ordered all-you-can eat. My dad even got sick for over-eating! We couldn't wait to visit again this time.We ordered alligator tail as appetizers this time and they were yummy. However, the all you can eat platters we normally order was good only towards the END. It seemed as if the oil used to fry our fish and shrimp initially was old...yuck! I don't even want to know how old. At the end of our meal (as they brought our new batches) it seemed to taste better. I like to enjoy my food in the beginning. I inquired with our waitress about the oil used and she confirmed that she did see one of the chefs change the oil to fresh oil at the end. Whack! The salad bar was pretty sad too and didn't look like anyone maintained cleanliness. Might be helpful to put the same items on both sides - makes it easy to maneuver and avoid spills. I did like how they kept plates chilled for it though. Our service was good and our waitress did her job. Sadly, we've lost our craving for this place. It just isn't the same.Note: Despite what time your stomach says let's eat, this place opens at 5 p.m. - we went at 3 with ready bellies the day before and had sour faces :(
5	Always consistently good catfish, melt in your mouth hush puppies and the cha cha is southern yum!
5	Good fish.  Fried light  Tasty!  Always taste better with good friends
1	We went there looking for some good catfish & shrimp. I ordered the combo, baby back ribs & fried shrimp with a baked potato. The first thing I noticed was the baked potato was covered in grease. It had been fried, whole. I don't know if it was baked first or just cooked that way & called baked. If was gross! The next thing I realized, the baby back ribs were fried also & then some bar-b-q sauce added on top. I don't know anyone that cooks ribs that way. I will never go back. I feel nauseous just thinking about it.
5	My all time favorite restaurant. I don't care who you are or where you're from, this is solid southern food. Portions are large and the all you can eat options are fantaatic. I always get the fried catfish combo and it fills me to the brim. Best thing has to.be the hush puppies. They are just mouth watering and delicious and the right bit of everything and the butter to dip it in. Hmm I nearly just had a foodgasm thinking about it. Highly recommend you come here for dinner. Make sure to check the specials for each night.
3	i would have loved to give more stars but i am not completely convinced. the oysters are tasty but small. i love the fried green tomatoes. my husband usually gets the fish and says its okay.
4	We love this place the catfish is good the hush puppies with that honey butter are awesome the french fries the gumbo what else is good there the alligator tail mostly everything on the menu. I guess the only bad thing I can say is sometimes it's like a 20 minute wait in the drive-through but it's well worth it when your food is hot Because tonight I got to go home and warm it up it's not hot enough, Even though they're still open for another hour that was a bummer
2	Our server John was wonderful, but I did not enjoy the food at all! Very bland, greasy, and the salad bar did not look appealing. I did enjoy the gumbo, but I've had better seafood all around and this wasn't cutting it for me..
5	This place is sooo gud. Everytime I visit Vegas I always go here. Great food all around. Fish is excellent and the hush puppies will knocked your shoes off. That's how good they are. Take your friends and enjoy it
2	Well, its not a metairie la seafood platter but ok. The fish had freezer burn I ordered the "Sea Fest" $14.95 all you can eat. It was obvious that this platter had been frozen & shipped in. But not recently. The waitress was a lot of fun.
5	This place came highly recommended by a friend. I tried it and loved it. The portion sizes are great. The food was delicious. The salad bar was ok. The hush puppies are the best I've ever tasted. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Excellent service tonight!  The manager even checked on our table. The food was good and the one food item I tried and didn't like the waitress took off of our bill. It was a pleasant night out for dinner. Good for you Hush Puppy. It seems like bad service is the norm now a days so we appreciate good service and an attentive waitress when we finally get it.  The price for our dinner was amazing to!  You can't beat good food , good service and a great price!  We will be back.
5	I have been going to this place since the mid 90's... Has always been a must stop at least twice when we go to Vegas... Catfish, hushpuppies and a cold one Yummy!  If you get to go during the week it is great the daily specials are pretty good like all you can eat snow crab, or fisherman's platter.
5	LOVED this place! First time stopping by here tonight. We shared the steak and catfish entree. Haven't had a steak that juicy in a long time! Cooked to perfection!! Can't wait to come back and try the snow crab.
1	I really don't see the hype with this place. I feel like maybe 5 years ago it use to be a REALLY GOOD spot but now it's just lacking in every department. Upon entering the building there was this ungodly stench that hit me at the door and seemed to flow to half of the restaurant. I was overjoyed when my party was seated in the back because there was NO way I could consume food while inhaling that horrendous smell. The food tasted stale and old. I ordered the all you can eat fish and shrimp combo (not  sure of the proper name for my meal). The food did come out in a timely manner. But it just tastes disgusting. I'm almost at a loss of words for how bad the food was. It wasn't that it wasn't seasoned well...it was just dry and gross. The quality of the food reminded me of fast food. That's the only way to explain it. I will definitely be skip out on this joint. The only pro to this establishment is the staff. They are EXTREMELY nice, hardworking, and quick. If only the food could match the customer service.
2	I remember going here as a child and thinking that it was one of the greatest places in the world. I appreciate deep fried food, but they take deep fried to a new level. For my taste, the food was too greasy/fried. However, the restaurant is very cute and cozy. The salad bar is great and you can expect to be treated with southern hospitality.
3	This was my 1st time here & I'm going to be honest... I was really looking forward to trying the Alligator tail, so I ordered the Big Bayou. Catfish was deep fried, as well as the Oysters & the Alligator tail, so for me it almost tasted all the same to me. The shrimp in the platter was good though as well as the complimentary hush puppies. Service was fairly good. So I'm giving this restaurant the benefit of the doubt. Next time, I'd like to try the steak & ribs.
5	Best catfish around.   Love the snow crab legs too.  Come here every year when in town.  Check out Pro Cyclery across the street to see the best bicycle shop in Vegas.
4	GUMBO AND FRIED GREEN TOMATOES, Y'ALL! That's all you need to know about this place; come here for those items specifically!What so many other reviews don't mention is that this place HAS A DRIVE THRU. That's right- you don't need to go in with a group or plan a family dinner around their evening-only hours, just drive up and get what you want and go! Dishes are made fresh, so expect a reasonable 8-10 minute wait time in the comfort of your vehicle.On first visit, I ordered #4 (3 piece "snackbox" of fried catfish plus hush puppies and fries), a side of gumbo ($5 for a small portion), and the fried green tomatoes appetizer ($3 for 6 slices, seasonal availability). Total meal was about $15, not bad for what would ultimately be 2 meals for me.Was pleasantly surprised by quality- fish was freshly fried, batter didn't fall off, wasn't too greasy and oil didn't taste old. Fries were a bit on the soggy side but had good flavor, seemed to have a touch of batter to them. Hush puppies were weird, didn't eat them- strange oblong shape and no flavor. Disappointed that the 3 piece order was served with only one tiny cup of tartar sauce- it was tasty,  wished there was more. Portion for price (meal is about $6) was good, didn't come close to finishing.Now for the real surprises- the GUMBO and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES.The gumbo was a small portion for the price but packed with sausage and crawfish. Flavor was on par with Weeziana's, just up the street, but her pricing for portion is  better ($10 gets you a tureen!).Fried green tomatoes were delish- batter was different from what the fish is breaded in and more mild, and they're served with a delightful dipping sauce. Will continue come back just for these two dishes!
5	This place is a staple in the Las Vegas Valley this is still one one the best places for seafood . It old but good . The Hush puppies corn bread & butter are good  the fish and all other sea food is good. For those that don't do seafood, chicken ribs steaks are on the menu.. have fun be full...
5	Not the best food in the world but I still love this place! Good for when you crave fried food. Been going here since I was a kid. Love the decorations, hush puppies, salad bar, pickled tomatoes, catfish with hot sauce and a pitcher of Abita ! Oh goddamn, son!
4	Best crab legs!!! And hush puppies.. But I do love the fried shrimp- try the fried green tomatoes! The old charm of this place! It's my stomping grounds. I love Hush Puppy!
5	Being from the southeast, we are always looking for good southern food joints in Vegas. The Hush Puppy is a fantastic example and a great place to eat. When you are inside it reminds me of the coastal seafood joints we went to when we would visit Murrel's Inlet near Myrtle Beach, SC. They have an all you can eat seafood option. They also have a salad bar which comes with most meals. Definitely worth a visit, and we plan to return very soon.
2	Short: Mediocre food at best--mostly frozen/premade. Is pretty run-down inside. AYCE is decent, but you're better off at nearby buffets for better food.Long: My family has a long-time tradition of going to this place since since it opened in the 70's, and it's gone plenty downhill from there. I don't know if it has changed owners, or the owner just doesn't care anymore. I've been here several times in the last couple years, each time a disappointment.The last time--last night, to this review--I came here as it opened and was seated quickly. Luckily, I was seated near the window because last time I was more inside and this place gets gloomy and dark without sunlight. Odd that it's only open at night. Walls have chipping paint--probably both aesthetically, and they don't paint the place. Plates and silverware is old and cheap. The salad bar is a good example of this place. Canned food you can find anywhere. It looks like it was put up in an emergency with random places, and a couple coolers, but it's been like that for years. I've been to terrible small buffets with a better salad bar.Waiter was prompt and manager was kind, but a bit unmotivated and dull. It was Wednesday, so I ordered the AYCE BBQ baby back ribs with catfish and shrimp and fries for $15.95. Good price at the start.Was served their "special" hush puppies, which were bland at best. It's just fluffed corn-bread fried and served with a honey-butter. No seasoning, nothing on the inside. Just cornmeal. Dull and drab. At least they were free.My food came, and with surprisingly large proportions; half rack of ribs, a filet of fried catfish, and a couple shrimp with a side of fries.The shrimp were the butterfly/panko style, pulled from the freezer and fried. No seasoning, served burning hot.Catfish is one of the few handmade items on the menu, but it's just catfish tossed in cornmeal and fried to a whitish-yellow. Not a golden brown. Oh, and burning hot. No seasoning, not marinated, not even salted. Just cornmeal.Ribs are peculiar.  By how much oil was draining off them, I swear they were deep-fried, but then they were grilled for a second before being served.  They were seasoned... barely, as the seasoning fell off. I don't know if they were marinated or smoked as I couldn't tell. Perhaps they're from a bag, then fried and grilled. I ordered the sauce on the side, and good thing too! The sauce was a sweet, tomato base. Not bad, but reminded me of sweet-and-sour sauce mixed with ketchup.Fries were shoestring with salt and pepper. Not that crunchy. I've tried other things, and it's all either frozen to fried, not seasoned, or plain dull. Nothing terrible or disgusting, but just dull as white bread. I was hungry, so I went through a couple servings. Each time, I was served only part of the dish because the others weren't ready yet. No extra fries. And the return service was slow.TL;DR: Is it worth it? Buffets in the area, either for lunch or with specials on the dinners provide better food. Someplace like the Carnival World buffet at the Rio. If you can't go that far, and interested in the specials... I guess go here. But don't go out of your way; there's nothing special here.2 stars because you won't get sick--at least they can fry foods enough. Otherwise, I recommend not going here.
5	To get this out quickly, the food is ohh so fried. I personally attempt to regulate my fried intake, and hush puppies will be a once in a blue moon treat. but what a treat it is. I HATE catfish, yet somehow hush puppies has managed to convince me the devils fish is not only edible, but tasty. The meat is not at all gritty, and the batter is fantastic. you can order both fresh and farm raised catfish too! alligator tail is also very tasty. I like me some Ali tail, and hush puppies does not disappoint. Not too chewy, and not overly battered. Fantastic.Finally.....Sweet Potato Pie! Can't find good sweet slice outside the south, so just offering this made me happy. If you like sweet potatoes, and you like pie, you will like sweet potato pie. Makes sense right?P.S Crab legs. Yes, crab legs. And they are generous with them. You get the good legs, not the shriveled legs from the lazy crab that never does push ups. These legs have meat on their bones....or shells, or under the shells....whatever.
5	I have lost my mind! I just moved from Seattle and haven't had good catfish in over 10 years, until now! This food is exceptional. I had the catfish and shrimp dinner with cole slaw and chowchow. If you have never had chowchow (like me) it's a must have. Can I say it again? I lost my mind, this food was so good. I had to order more to take home for later! I'm so glad I moved to Vegas and will be treating all of my friends who come to visit to this place... Now where did I put my mind ?
5	I loved everything about this place!!  Great food, great decor, and great service. The best collard greens I have ever had. We had fried oysters for a starter and although I have never had them before so I have nothing to compare them with they were very tasty.   The warm hush puppies with the honey butter was delicious!!  I had the crab legs which were perfect and plentiful. My sister had the all you can eat fried catfish that was also cooked perfectly. A great experience all around!!
5	This is one of my boyfriends absolute favorite places to eat. He loves seafood, and so do I. I will say I love more traditional non-southern seafood so I only like a few menu items here. Fried oysters are good, the hush puppies are good obviously. He, on the other hand, will eat anything they give him. He loves the poboys especially. Overall, a great place. We keep coming back.
5	I've driven by this place a lot lately and I had some time to spare today, I love the exterior so I came on in. I'm a local but I'm from Missouri. This place reminds me so much of the nicest places in Southern Missouri. All you cat eat, quality seafood at affordable prices. All wood interior and exterior with fabulous, authentic decor.  I was blown away at how clean, spacious and lovely the atmosphere was.  I ordered the Blackened Catfish. It was the best catfish I've ever had in my life. Plump, large, seasoned and grilled to perfection. I was approached by John who was incredibly friendly, professional and obviously knows everything about customer service. He gave me a tour of the entire facility and I was amazed. Apparently they've been there 40 years!! Anyone from Vegas knows, that in itself is a tremendous accomplishment! The service was fast and friendly and John came by toward the end of my meal to offer the fried shrimp and fried catfish for me to try! I just LOVE finding places that still have solid customer service and know how to treat a guest! I'll be back next week!
5	This was my first time I felt Like I was at home with my family in the South. The blackened Tilapia and craw fish rice was great. My Boo loved the Alligator and the whole staff was great , nice and friendly.  One more thing the sweet tea was on point!
3	A Vegas classic for sure. Been coming to eat here (or grab a box to go) since I was a kid. While the restaurant has seen better days (80s and 90s) it still is the best spot in the valley for all you can eat catfish and shrimp. My main complaint has always been their tight policy on extra tarter sauce for to go boxes...just one for a box of 5 pieces is ridiculous. The past few years they have been serving these battered/coated fries which are just not good. I long for the steak fries they used to serve for the first 20 years they were in operation.
