5	This is one of the best shopping areas I have ever been to.The shops are nice and so are the restaurants.  GVR is also my favorite off-strip hotel.
2	The District at Green Valley Ranch used to be a great place to visit and be. But, it is almost impossible for someone to get a parking spot, and the Elephant Bar's service has also gone downhill. The only thing great is that it is dog-friendly. The District has strict security that is also very rude to minors. Sharper Image also will not allow 5 minors in the store at a time. REI has great classes as well. Balboa Pizza is also reasonably priced. When your at the District everyone also acts like snobs. The surrounding area, Green Valley Ranch is not upscale, so don't try to act upscale, I know, since I lived there.
5	Depending on when/where you are doing your' shopping/dining, service can very dramatically; Kings' Fish House has an excellent, but expensive selection.  Balboa Pizza was more to my daughter's liking.  the Elephant Bar is a nice place to grab a drink & head off to do some shopping (*note-Restrooms are hard to find, so don't drink too much, although your' dog will have no trouble taking care of business in the relaxed courtyard).
4	I'll try to hold off the bias of stores in my review here.  There isn't much that I'd show for around The District, but that's all about preference.   The place does have a nice feel to it, and it's very clean.  The Distrct seems to accomodate more to the specialty needs of people such as a golf shop store, jewelers, collectibles rather than the common necessities people shop for even though they do have a few of those too.  One thing I like most about The District is the fact that there are some pretty good places to eat such as Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ, King's Fishouse, and the Elephant Bar.   If you're bored then you can always just go across the street into the Green Valley Ranch.
3	The friend I was with on my most recent visit to The District summed the place up in one sentence: "This is a little too Stepford for me." And the two of us usually find some quaint humor in Stepford. The District takes it a little too far, even for our tastes.The things that I love as a mallrat are almost totally missing here. There's no food court, just a few chain restaurants. There's a lack of obnoxious teens, as the security here is known to discourage them from hanging out. There's no flow to the layout of the place. The main cluster of shops is out in front of Green Valley Ranch, then another phase of the mall is across the street. Down the main entrance driveway and across Green Valley Parkway, that is. It must be about four blocks total. If you don't mind hiking to get to the Coach store, go for it.There's also something very odd about the weather here. It's an outdoor mall, and unless it's a temperate day with very little wind, you can expect the main area to turn into a harsh wind tunnel. One winter visit I made to drop in at the Anthropolgie store was absolutely miserable.There are some very nice stores here, but it's not a fun place to wander around and explore. The District wants very badly to be clean and upscale and that's about all it is.
4	The district has a few stores for shopping but the food at some of the village resturants is some of the best in town. Very open and clean with plenty of local events each month.
3	The concept of the The District seems like it'd be a great one...Street-like setting with shopping on either side of the walkway and apartments above.   The stores that attract me there are REI, Anthropologie, WS and Pottery Barn....oh wait, and Lucille's BBQ.  Other than that, nothing really else to see.  The street/walkway is really short.  You could walk from one end to the other in less than 10 minutes.  I guess the shops are suppose to attract you in so you end up strolling down, but other than the ones listed, there's not much else.  Maybe if there was a live band in the evening , cafes or outdoor vendors or something, it'd be a better hang out spot.
3	The District has a great atmosphere, but a terrible selection of stores. Parking needs work too.Essentially, The District is an open-air mall next to Green Valley Ranch Station Hotel/Casino. It is wide and spacious, but not so huge that you can really lose your way. It isn't uncommon to see people coming here walking around for exercise, and even sometimes walking their kids and dogs. It is nice to see a place that is welcoming to this sort of thing. Live music is often played here, and there are even movies shown in the open air near the carousel during summer months. The place has several restaurants, from more casual ones to straight-up dine-in ones. Amongst them are Balboa Pizza Kitchen, Elephant Bar, Lucille's BBQ, Crazy Pita, and several others. I haven't eaten in all of them, but where I do eat you can expect me to review on there. The big flaw of this thing is the lack of stores. Like most outlet malls, it is about 90% clothing stores. If you're looking for movies, music, games, or pretty much anything fun, leave your expectations at the door. It is pretty sad when the most interesting store in the entire complex is a sporting goods store - considering I'm not a sports fan.Furthermore, the parking sucks. If you've ever tried going to Lucille's you know what I mean. They have blocked off a huge portion of the parking lot for valet parking (unnecessary), and blocked off the old dirt lot that was used for overflow parking. This place is fun to come and walk around in - but it isn't anything more. And with the limited size overall, you're better off just walking around your neighborhood. It isn't worth going out of your way to come here.
4	From a girl's point of view - it's hard to beat the district (ignore the guys who say the stores suck, what do guys know about shopping?)This place has the only Anthropologie off the strip (need I say more?!), Francesca's, Williams Sonoma, a pottery studio, Ann Taylor Loft, Pottery Barn, West Elm, REI, etc. No this isn't my main shopping destination, but it has plenty to offer! With the stores + Settebello + Whole Foods + Panera Bread + Lucilles  I end up spending quite a bit of time here - I love it!
3	If I'm ever at The District, it is usually for the restaurants and never for the shopping! They have some pretty good restaurants/eateries here: Elephant Bar, Lucille's, Crazy Pita, etc. I went to Rachel's Kitchen and got this really awesome Watermelon drink that was sooo refreshing on this one particular summer day! They also have Panera Bread, PF Chang's, with Cheesecake Factory & Whole Foods across the way. The stores here are a little more on the higher end side. They have William Sonoma, Athropologie, Pottery Barn, etc. I do always make it a habit to check out Flea Bag's Bakery & Bowtique. Even though I don't have a dog myself up here in Vegas, I like to check out all the fresh treats they have and their small selection of cat stuff. Did I mention that The District is dog friendly? I see people walking their dogs and they have those poop stations with the poop bags. My friend said they took their dog, and the boyfriend was waiting outside because he didn't think he could take their dog in the store, but the store associate said that the dogs are welcome in there as well. I think just some of the food establishments have a no dogs beyond this point type of thing. Understandable.It is a very nice shopping center. It an outdoor center, but even on a summer day, I found it was rather cool with the buildings blocking most of the sun. I do agree that parking does suck.. especially by Lucille's. That place gets really croweded on the weekend nights.. and I think they block off the back part of the parking lot for valet.
4	I find myself hitting the District about every other week for either a play date or the free movies they show over by the carousel on weekend nights. Since I have a toddler he can rarely make it through a movie so its nice that its free & when he wants to go we can make a quick escape. They give out free popcorn during the movies as well.Carousel rides are $2.They also have live music in the main area of the mall on weekends.The shops are ok. Nothing major jumps out except for one store that sells "green" clothing. The fabrics feel amazing but its VERY expensive.As for places to eat..well I usually hit Cheesecake Factory if I wanna eat but there's a good variety of places to choose from & its attached to GVR that has a few places to eat as well.
4	I like the District. They have decent eateries; Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ, King's Fish House, Rachel's Kitchen, Elephant Bar, Al's Garage, Settebello Pizzeria, The Coffee Bean, PF Chang's, Balboa Pizza, Ben & Jerry's, Panera, The Cheesecake Factory and they also have a Whole Foods. These are all pretty good restaurants with a wide range of cuisines to choose from.The retail stores are another story. My wife loves Williams Sonoma, West Elm The Loft, Hallmark Cards, Anthropologies, and a couple boutique stores. I like REI and that's about it. We take our kids to MyGym which is great for them especially when its a balmy 100+ degrees in the summer. They do need to work on getting quality retail stores in this area. The District offers so much for the GVR/Henderson community. They hold mini concerts at their stage on the weekends (Music on Main street), have car shows, Art walks, they have Outdoor Picture show-movie night on Fri & Sat., Its a dog friendly area, in the summer they have misters and the winter heat lamps.They should think about a sneaker boutique, maybe a Urban Outfitter, and other dessert shops. It would definitely improve their reputation.
4	A pet-friendly outdoor mall, similar to Town Square. Decent eateries but I don't really shop here as much as I eat here. It is on the other side of town for us so we're hardly over here but when family is in town, we usually go to Lucille's. I like the fact that Green Valley Ranch is literally a walk over to the mall, so it works out for my family because my Dad doesn't shop so he heads right on over to the casino lol.It's not a huge mall, I personally think that Town Square is bigger, but that can just be the way that I perceive the place since I only go to 2-3 shops at this mall lol. Nice place to hang out, sometimes they have live bands performing.
4	I give this four stars because it truly feels like a getaway from vegas lights. You have the Vegas Strip view... but from a distance. It is beautiful at night. Also, none of that "club/lounge" establishments, with there loud music. It is such a great place for walking the dogs too. The District is separated into two parts. One area has cheesecake factory and the more 'kids'  entertainment area. The other attaches to the GVR. And even though there is a casino next door, it doesnt feel that way when you are walking around. Some evenings, they host the Wine Walk, and other nights they have live music. They also have art night, where paintings and sculptures are put on display in the walking areas. I actually wish this place was a bit bigger, and I also wish it had a little bit more foot traffic.
3	Not much to do in The District. It does have the stores, none of which are really my taste.Living in the Southwest area, I don't find it worth it to drive all the way down there unless I'm eating at Lucille's. The one good thing I will say about it, is that it looks pretty, especially at night. If I am on that side of town, it's nice to sit outside drinking coffee [given that the weather is bearable].Parking there is pretty bad, especially at night. My best advice would be to park at Green Valley ranch and walk to The District from there.
4	We've only been here twice. We wanted to come here around Christmas time to catch the lively decor- my father-in-law has been talking about it for some time now. The shopping center is unique in that there is nothing quite like it- much like Lake Las Vegas. It's one of those places that you say, "I don't feel like I'm in Las Vegas right now."So we walked across from PF Chang's on Christmas Eve, however, with the exception of the sports store and the restaurants, every store was closed- bummer. Anyway, we were able to see the lights and the huge Christmas Tree (which was central) and a small stage in front; there was a sign posted that read "Please do not stand on stage" - but one parent wanted pictures of her kids there, so apparently they don't read signs or simply don't care about the instructions. Now that I think about it, I should've taken a picture of that (the kids in front of the sign)- that would've been Facebook worthy- haha. The neat thing about this place is, dogs are allowed- there are doggie stations all over the center- and I've seen dogs on both of our visits. My husband took some video of the decor and we snapped a few pictures too. Since no stores were open, our stroll was short-lived. Some of the stores I remember seeing: Ann Taylor Loft, REI, Brookstone, Williams Sonoma, Hallmark, Coldwater Creek. I also noticed a frozen yogurt place. I also know that Elephant Bar is located somewhere here but I didn't see it, nor did I see Anthropologie either- oh well, next time. Condos are situated above the stores, which is neat too. Not sure how parking works for residents though because I didn't notice parking specific to them.
4	The District is a quaint outdoor shopping center right off of the 215 and GV Parkway that has a small selection of quality shops, restaurants and easy access to a hotel/casino in case you're missing the ring of slot machines in your ears.I like The District for it's simple set up and plentiful outdoor seating which is date and family friendly. Although I'm all for enjoying the few weeks of tolerable weather we have here outdoors and in the sun, my favorite time to visit The District is during Christmas. They decorate Village Walk Dr. with lights and put an enormous tree in the middle of the square and it has all of the charm and enchantment that this time of year should have.They have special events and live music year round (though most of it is focused from mid-spring to early fall), some of which is free and easy entertainment for people who live in the area. I don't live in the area so I won't drive out of my way for that, but I do come for the ambiance and shopping. When there aren't 176 children running around unaccounted for it can be a nice place to hang out and have coffee. My favorites are Anthropologie, Williams-Sonoma and Francesca and The Coffee Bean has some excellent people watching opportunities. Restaurant-wise I really like Presidio and Rachel's Kitchen-Presidio for their great happy hour specials and date-friendly scene and Rachel's Kitchen for it's brunch options and cute outdoor seating (also, $3 mimosas on Sundays is a huge bonus!). For me, it's worth the drive just for a little peace and quiet and having the feeling that I've temporarily left town. If you're looking for a life-changing shopping experience, you won't find it here. What you'll find is a Santa Barbara like (think downtown) shopping center with an easy-going environment that has a little something for most everyone.
3	I'm not sure I get the appeal of this place.  It's like Main Street in Disneyland only it has a Pottery Barn.People seem to like to bring their dogs here and it seems to be a community gathering place for Green Valley.  But I'd rather hang out somewhere a little more urban.
5	I love bringing my out of towners here for a good time. Close to home without dealing with the strip.
4	The District is very pet and family friendly. You will see children running around on the soft foamy play areas and people walking their dogs throughout the day. It is a great place to sit, have coffee, and talk with friends. The atmosphere reads more for the thirty to forty year old than  teens and twenty year old crowd. The stores are geared towards people with a family to take care of and a house to decorate. The highlight for someone around my age is the restaurants. Elephant Bar, Lucille's, and Balboa Pizza Kitchen have good happy hours. I know for sure that Lucille's has an early and reverse happy hour. My friend says that Elephant Bar has a late happy hour because she can make it after she gets out of work at 9. I could swear that Balboa had a late happy hour after 11 as well because there was nothing better after a ridiculous day than to get a few drinks, a salad, a pizza, and let out your frustrations with a few co-workers.
3	Nice place to walk around and shop.  I have to be honest when I say I like coming out here to walk around and browse more than I do to shop. Although the District itself is nice, it lacks in store selection.  It mostly has the conventional chain stores that can found in local malls.  The real draw is being able to walk outside while you shop.A nice place to bring your pets if your into that, and maybe stop off for a drink or too at one of the restaurants.   Overall I would rather just go to town square.
3	I really like the feel of this place.  It is very pet friendly too!  Usually my husband and I will come here at night and relax while drinking a cup of coffee.  I really wish there were more stores but there is a nice variety.
4	Well its time again for the Outdoor Movie Shows on Friday & Saturday nights. Its so nice to go here in the evening. Its very pretty with all the white lights. The movies they show get a pretty good turn out since its a free evening out..unless your like me and have to hit Whole Foods for a snack. I will be at several of these events this summer with my little guy.If you have kids its a must do.
4	While The District doesn't have as many of my standard, go-to stores, it is a great shopping destination. It is close to where I live, is a very nice outdoor shopping area, has plenty of stores and restaurants, and is dog friendly. To be honest, I probably bring my dog and stroll around here more than I actually shop here. Bottom line: it's an above-average shopping area.
3	I've been to the District a few times and I came here last night for dinner.  I had a bit of difficulty finding the restaurant.  Note: do not depend on the Google maps with the Yelp iPhone's "Get Directions."  It literally took me the wrong way.  I made my way to one of the signs with a map for the District and located my restaurant that way.  I had walked very close to it but Google took me away from where I needed to go.  It's not good for off street areas like the District.Now, for the dogs.  I know it's a dog friendly place, but can't you leave the damn dogs at home for awhile or will they tear up your place or cry incessantly because they miss you?  I sure hate to see what you'll be like when you have kids!!!  It's really disconcerting to walk around a pile of dog crap while the owner goes off in search of a dog bag holder that isn't empty.  Leave the critters home and let us who don't own a dog or do not wish to have them crapping where other people walk have a nice place to walk.
2	Wow, how disappointing and sort of sad.  I live on the opposite side of town, so have not visited here often, but it sure has emptied out.  I had some shopping to do, but this plaza has been hit hard by the economy because a lot of the store fronts were empty.  The stores that I do normally have luck in were not very large and I would be able to get more selection at Town Square.  Except for having an excuse to eat at Settebello (delicious as always), I can't see bothering to visit again.
4	I must have went on national bring your dog to the district day!   Everywhere i looked it was poodles, labs, shepards and chihuahua's.  lol, that being said, it was a fun time.  we poked in some of the stores and walked around.  They had Frosty busting out some sick dance moves and singing like he was a member of nsync.   def was entertaining for the kids and the adults who act like kids (boom, I was talking about myself duhhhh)    haha     The district is cool because it has a mix of some good shops, good eats and a good location... I feel like its a win win...
4	I love this place. It's clean, aesthetically pleasing and has all the stores I love. I came to visit my mom in Vegas during the Holidays and it was really nice coming here. It wasn't that busy and all the stores were kept very neat and well organized. We stopped at The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf and also went to Whole Foods. Both places had very friendly employees. I can see where it may potentially cater to a somewhat snooty clientele since it kinda of reminds me of a miniature scale Stanford Mall. Overall, it seems very clean, safe and a pleasant place to do some vacation shopping.
4	Clean layout, nice shops, easy access to Green Valley and Paseo Verde roads. I enjoy the BBQ joint here and getting to place bets at the Casino. The girlfriend likes the salon here.
4	The District at Green Vally Ranch is a smaller, open air shopping center next to the GVR Casino. I enjoy it because it offers a few things other shopping centers in Las Vegas do not, and since it's not right by the Strip it seems to stay fairly uncrowded, even on weekends. Some of the shops you will find at The District are REI, Williams Sonoma, The Pottery Barn, Anthropologie and even a Whole Foods Market. If you managed to work up an appetite while shopping, or just need a bite to eat, there is a nice variety of chain restaurants, my personal favorites are The Cheesecake Factory  and Lucille's Smokehouse BBQ but Elephant Bar and PF Chang's are also good. And I adore the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf for my caffeine fix.One major plus of The District is there are lots of places to park.  And if you aren't into retail therapy, there is still plenty to do! Live music on Friday and Saturday nights during the summer. The District is dog friendly, there are specific areas for your firry friend to do their business, complete with bags so you can be a responsible owner and dispose of their messes properly! For the kiddies, there is a carousel, the rides are $2.You aren't going to find some of the typical 'mall stores' at The District, but that's ok... Vegas has other malls for that. For a different, more relaxed shopping experience, The District and Green Vally Ranch is pretty hard to beat!
3	The District at Green Valley Ranch is a small, outdoor mall located right in front of the Green Valley Ranch casino itself. AND they have the other side of the mall located across the street with more shop until you drop (or eat) places. Parking can be quite limited so you may consider walking around the area. Unless you're across the street where parking is ample for the other stores.Where can you shop here?(just naming a few)REI, Anthropologie, William Sonoma, Coldwater Creek, White House/Black Market, Pottery Barn, Loft, Aveda, Chico's, Soma intimates, West ElmWhat can I eat here? (just naming a few)Elephant Bar, P.F. Changs, Cheesecake Factory, Ben & Jerry's, Lucille's, Panera Bread, Coffee Bean Tea & Leaf I'm just here to window shop since I don't have the funds to shop here. The location looks really nice and fancy. But other than that you may consider shopping at the outlets or the other malls, which have more variety of stores.
4	If you are feeling like you want a place to escape, relax and hang out, walking the district can be a great experience:a.  Plenty of Parking - Unless you are going on Friday or Saturday at peak dinner time, there is usually plenty of parking.b.  Great restaurant choices- If you are not sure what to eat, you have everything from BBQ, to Pizza, to Chicken, Fish, Bistro style restaurants.  Several of them have outdoor seating, so if you want to bring your dogs, they can eat outside with you.c.  Fun to walk and look around, however, it is not crowded and I do wonder since you never see anyone with a bag or buying something, how they stay in business.d.  Choices - You can stay on one side of the District, which leads to the Green Valley Casino, or you can go onto the other side, braving crossing the GV Parkway and towards the Whole Earth Store, where you have Settobello and Cheesecake Factory.  You can cruise over to the Casino to catch a movie and there are more entertainment choices there as well.e.  Cool Stores - they really have some cool stores here, however, and even an REI, however,  i have no idea how these places survive!Check it out, very nice place to hang out.
2	Shame on The District for removing the carousel last month. I wonder why they did that? It was always such a hot spot to take the kiddo's. I also wonder what will happen when they run the outdoor movies this summer...if they will even be doing them anymore. If they dont do the outdoor movies they will loose some major business.
5	We love the District. Probably come here at least a couple times a month. Great shops, cute places to eat or snack, awesome events for kids.Whether it's to shop, eat, or just take a walk with our son, the District at Green Valley is awesome :)
3	We walked around here, mostly to get some fresh air outside of the smoked filled casino. We grabbed some iced tea at the Coffee Bean and sat outside and watched people go by. If you must go shopping while on vacation, I guess you could do some here, but there are much better shopping areas/malls at the strip. Usually the last thing I wanna do is shop when on vacation, but if thats your thing this place is cool.
4	The shops are kind of Blah (with the exception of Jo's A. Bank and REI) the restaurants are very good Lucile's in particular. It is a nice walk, and it gets you out of the smokey casino at Green Valley Ranch.
4	I would really like this place if actually had stores normal people shopped at. The district is kind of like a mini Town Square. Its pretty much an outdoor shopping mall complete with shops, restaurants, and plenty of activities like movie nights, free concerts and the like. The only two down sides I have notice are the fact that the place always seems dead. For whatever reason, it never seems crowded or very lively. This probably related to the other downside of having a bunch of odd selection of stores to shop at. Stores are mostly upscale clothing boutiques and home stores, nothing that really interests me personally.They do have a great selection of restaurants, and because they place is usually dead most of them try to offer competitive deals. On the east side there is a Whole Foods and a few more upscale home stores. But all-in-all this is not the typical retail fare.This place does offer a great movie/dining experience. Its all family friendly fun. Perfect for
2	Awesome concept, great location, terribly small and poorly laid out.There are two halves of The District of so it would seem.  The Cheesecake Factory and Whole Foods side should be combined with the Williams Sonoma Kings Fish House side.  There is a major road between the two.  The planning people in Northern Virginia should have been consulted on this project because Reston Town Center is awesome and this area would have done extremely well with a project like that. This is OK and is home to some great restaurants so I will return.
5	I come here off and on when I am in the area for work. I love the atmosphere and the architecture. Great little shops in the area and great places to eat as well. They are also pet friendly for those who want to bring their dogs for a little stroll through. I haven't done any shopping here, but after visiting numerous shops while delivering Super Run programs, I did see a lot of places that I would like to come back and check out. I mainly visit Rachel's Kitchen, Elephant Bar, Crazy Pita and Panera Bread when I am here for lunch during work.
3	I wish there were more bars, more stores and more people here.It kind of reminds me of Las Olas in Fort Lauderdale. It's definitely well laid out, there's plenty of room, it's designed really tastefully, there's a couple of restaurants, there's a couple of bars, they decorate really nicely for the holidays, parking is fairly easy, the music they play is not the best, but nobody is here.They either need to get like a really interesting flagship store or restaurant that is unique to them, or a hipster bar like an insert coins, or start doing more events here [like wine tasting along the walkway] and get more people here.  They definitely could use some different stores.Super pet friendly and there's things for kids to do as well.
5	Shop, eat, drink, listen to the live music, shop some more. I sure spend alot of time here at The District at Green Valley Ranch. I love the way the west side area of outdoor shopping center is set up.  It's pedestrian friendly, you dont have to watch out for cars because there is no road that runs thru the tree lined cobblestone streets.The spongy ground in the play area and outdoor picture shows are nice touches that make it a kid friendly place. Also it's pretty neat how pet friendly it is, even some store owners have water bowls out for your furry friend. I take advantage of the nice weather to sit and have lunch or coffee outdoors also because there is no car traffic noise to deal with. When it gets pretty warm out they have the misters goin on to keep you cool. There's not a whole lot of clothing shops but I love the selection of ones they have here. It's mixture of mid range and upscale ones you cant find at the mall like Anthropologie, Loft, and Brightons.  There is something for everyone as far as restaurants though. Bbq at Lucille's, pizza at Balboa's and healthy fare at Rachel's Kitchen are some of the popular choices.  Parking spaces are usually pretty easy to find and retail stores are easily accessible thru entry points throughout the parking areas and pathway from Green Valley Ranch Resort and Casino.
4	I happen to love the District. It's not the most populated of shopping centers, but it has some real winners. Coffee Bean, Williams Sonoma, Anthropologie, REI, Pottery Barn, and a few locally owned spots as well. I find it to be a great spot for meeting up, because of all the restaurants and potential for meeting up to do a little shopping. They also decorate super cute for holidays!
4	I'm a big fan of the District, probably because its never over-crowded, the area is nice and it offers some quality stores (without being too stuffy). The parking here is never out of hand and its a really easy walkable stretch of stores. It's a great place to hang out in the summer time and during the Christmas season. I often bring out of town guests down here because it's pretty to walk around, listen to some live music and Lucille's BBQ & Settebello are always my "must stops" for meals. I get to show off that Nevada has good food too! The only problems I have are:1. the Elephant bar is absolutely disgusting (see review). I assure you, the smells wafting through the air are pure deception.2. the amount of vacant stores is just obnoxious. 3. the hours of favorites like Williams Sonoma & Pottery Barn are unrealistic. They close entirely too early. 4. I don't frequent the Coffee Bean,...and now I know why. Painfulllllly sloooooooooooow service every freaking time. Get a Starbucks and a few anchor stores and this place will be pure perfection.
4	More of an upscale shopping area.  It's very calm and not over run.  it's definitely a one stop shop having the casino-hotel right there w/in walking distance.  They have food, bars, shopping, ice cream, pet desserts.  Yes- dessert place for pets.  i thought it was a place for humans....  Not sure if it's pet friendly around the whole district though.   It's not a huge huge mall--- but it's still a nice place to hang out at.
5	Awesome outdoor walking mall area. Shops are higher-end but there are some other places to shop too. Great restaurants! Music in the warmer months and a nice little play area for the kids and the ice cream place is right next to it.
4	The District at Green Valley Ranch is a nice change of pace when it comes shopping, eating, and even to get a little exercise.  One common theme about the District is that it's quiet and clean.  During the holidays the District is still calm and festive.  A beautiful sight to see. I don't get out here that often, but will make a stop every once in awhile for REI, Las Vegas Golf, the Sports Store, and the Cheesecake Factory.  There's plenty more eats and shopping.  These are just the few that I frequent.  The District at GVR also reminds me of a smaller and slower pace Town Square. It's also a nice walk with good company.  And if you're the gambling type, you got Green Valley Ranch Resort and Casino right next door.  I was just recently here and the place reminded me that I need to come back.  I remember when I first moved out here, I would bring a packed lunch and have an impromptu office day under one of the trees.  Once it warms up a little, I will probably make more trips out here to simply get away.  Shopping:  http://shopthedistrictgvr.com/storeDirectory.phpDining:  http://shopthedistrictgvr.com/dining.php
4	update: Just read this am that they plan to allow two-way traffic and city council approved the additonal 46 angled parking spaces where the walkway is now. Also a two one-way, 'out-only' road with access to the parking lot on the north side will open up. They still plan to hold the events there and close the roadway for special events.  Hopefully it works out to bring business in but so much for being pedestrian friendly.
4	I just love going to the District.  It has an upscale yet community feel.  There are a variety of restaurants and shops, including boutiques, house wares, sporting goods, clothing, a coffee shop, etc.  Even if you're not in the mood for shopping or browsing, it's such a great place for a stroll with friends or an afternoon outdoors.  They decorate so nicely at different times of the year.  They even have an outdoor movie series on the lawn and I've seen them show kid/family-friendly movies like Cars.  So here's the deal.  There's a pedestrian friendly walkway in the middle of the District, which, in my opinion, is what makes this place so special.  But the owners have approval to replace it with a road and parking spaces.  To me this just sounds wrong and maybe I'm not seeing the full picture, but I'm not a fan of the plan.  I do understand it will bring more traffic, business, and opportunity to the District and to Henderson at large, but if you ask me (and you probably won't lol) why fix something that's not broken?  I hope the plan falls through but from what I've read and heard on the news, it's a go.  I'm subtracting one star for this.  Maybe I'll feel differently when all is said and done, and maybe I'll even like it better (if so, I'll update my review) but for now, I'm not thrilled.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with The District.It's a great place to spend those gorgeous Las Vegas spring or fall days when the temperature is 70-80 and everyone is out walking around, browsing the stores and making the most of an open air mall.Unfortunately there are a lot of empty stores, most of the restaurants are mediocre at best and can be easily topped by the already cooked/cooked to order Whole Foods department. Yes, there are a few gems like Settebello Pizzeria Napoletana, Rachel's, and even Balboa Pizza, and I think Ben and Jerry's could be located in a much more visible spot.I love how the lights on the trees are lit year round, but I was really bummed that they took out the carousel (although I understand it was probably a financial drain) and I'm not looking forward to the increased traffic coming home from the town homes they are building behind Whole Foods.When the District first open the street was open to traffic, but they nixed that and made it an open walk way. For some reason the new owners think it's a good idea to make it driveable again. It may work for Town Center, but the District isn't that big and all it will lead to is someone getting run over and and barrel load of teenagers and other clowns thinking that cruising through the center of the mall in their beat up Hondas blaring music makes them coolest thing since ice cream. Hopefully their insurance carrier stops them with high rates before this even happens.
3	The world of Las Vegas and Henderson are pretty sparse on places to hang out, especially places where you can walk around and shop outside. It's rather sad since we tend to have pretty decent weather, but oh well. I've been going to the District for years. I like it, but definitely don't love it. It's one of those places I go to ever so often, but somewhat forget about on most days.(1) Shopping - The shopping is ok and they have one of the only two REI's in the city even though it is TINY compared to most that I've been to in other places. There are a few shops that are sort of nice, but mostly seems over priced and too wanna-be-pretentious. If I need to go to Ann Taylor or William Sonoma, I go here.(2) Restaurants - For the most part the restaurants are half crap and half decent. You are stuck with crappy chains like Elephant Bar and PF Chang's, but then you have Balboa Pizza and King's Fish House. There are a few other options so anyone should be able to find SOMETHING to eat. I will say that if you go to the side with Whole Foods, Settebello is a hidden gem that I do frequent if I need something at Whole Foods or am just in the mood for a really good pizza.(3) Parking - Luckily there is almost always parking.(4) Casino - Like most cheesy Las Vegas places there is a casino. You'd think locals would get tired of them, but nope. Green Valley is ok if you like casinos, but I don't so I steer clear. It is a little nicer than others, but it's still a casino. All in all The District is a ok place to go. You should be able to find something to eat, browse a few shops, and on some nights they have music. For Las Vegas/Henderson it is a nicer destination for shopping and eating.
3	I love coming out to The District to meet up with friends for lunch, The Crazy Pita is the place I frequent the most, or to just walk around!  I usually don't shop at the cothing shops out here but I do like to go to REI, William Sonoma.  I'm a little saddened with the decision to put the street down the middle of this area but am open to see how it will work out in the end.
1	This place has really went downhill. Really nothing open at all only whole foods and a couple other stores and 3 restaurants. I think if they did something to this place and add more stores like pacsun and NIKE and other teen and men stores then this place would be better
4	This is a beautiful shopping center and very comparable to Town Square. I don't really understand why the Cheesecake Factory and Whole foods has to be across the street, but whatever I guess thats just the way it is. It's a shame that this place isn't very busy but I'm glad that despite the slow business, the maintenance here is great.
5	Five Stars you say? But why? Why 5 Stars?I'm giving The District Five Stars because I have come to adore The District over the past couple years. It has strangely enough become a staple of my trips to Henderson. I often look forward to a trip to The District as it hosts many of my favorite shopping spots. Normally I head over for a few reasons: I need cards from Hallmark, I'd like to browse Williams & Sonoma or pop into the doggy boutique to buy some treats for my dogs. The District also hosts Whole Foods as well.As for restaurants I've been to a few of them: Al's Garage, Presidio Rachel's Kitchen, of course, the Panera Bread, and Coffee Bean (love it!). They have events, you can see people walking their dogs and honest to goodness it almost feels like you aren't really in Vegas anymore when you're here. Overall this is one of my favorite shopping areas in Las Vegas/Henderson. Love it.
4	I remember when this place opened up many years ago.  It was a very new concept for the Las Vegas area and pre-dated the more successful Town Square.  It could never catch on like Town Square and many of the restaurants/shops I remember from the early years are gone.However, I'm glad to see there are some restaurants and shops still open.  During a recent stay at GVR, we walked around The District almost every night.  The weather was perfect.  It's not as busy as I remember it.  The restaurants had some people dining, but it wasn't as bustling as the boom years.  Despite all of that, we had a good time window shopping and had dinner at Settebello Pizza one night.I hope this place continues to make it through the tough economy and adds more stores/restaurants.Return Factor - 80%
3	Not really much for me here.  I didn't find anything to buy at the stores, and since I wasn't hungry, i didn't look into the restaurants here either (this time).I have eaten at the Lucille's BBQ spot here, and it was good!  Some of the other food spots looked promising, but since I haven't tried them, I can't really say much about them.I just wish there were more stores here that I actually shop at....It's more of a place to kill time for me and to walk around, then to actually get shopping done.
1	Whoa!  What is going on here?!  I guess the rumors are true that they are putting parking in front if the stores. Really, you dont have enough parking here?! Here is a theory, people can walk, exercise is good for you! I am so disappointed with the changes and other shoppers are saying the same thing. I loved the fact that my boys could run around in between stores. Pushing my stroller was easy and i didnt have to worry about traffic. I loved seeing people just hanging out with their dogs enjoying the weather. It is now a construction zone and in my opinion, they are ruining this place. First, they take out the free carousel for kids and now this?  I used to take my boys here on the weekends to ride the carousel and then go eat ice cream across the street and visit the arcade at Green Valley Ranch. Unfortunately I don't think I will shop here as much now, if I want an open air shopping experience,  will drive to Town Square. At least there I can let my kids play in the park and then do some shopping. Big thumbs down!  It seems like that nice atmosphere that I love is going to be gone.
1	I have always really enjoyed coming here. It was a nice place to walk, shop, and grab a bite to eat. It was a unique environment for a pedestrian to relax and not to have to worry about dodging traffic. Not to mention the park like atmosphere was so much more appealing than staring at cars as you dine in one of the outdoor areas.I was very disappointed to see that they had started tearing out the central area of The District. Disappointed because I will now most likely shop on line at the stores that I once enjoyed visiting. I know I wasn't alone in preferring the atmosphere of a vehicle free shopping and dining center but apparently I was in the minority.
1	We have been coming here weekly for years and now they have ruined the whole atmosphere!If I want to dodge traffic going to dinner, I would goto to Town Square!The District was great as it was.
1	Loved it here until they ruined it! We would usually end up spending money we didn't plan on spending while walking around.  I will not be bringing my kids here if they can't run around.  I don't need another place to shop while worrying about them being hit by a car.  Boo!!!!  I would never drive here specifically for the purpose of shopping at these over priced shops.  The whole reason for going was the atmosphere.
2	Uh, as I have over 400 check-ins, I guess I should review this place.I USED to like the District.  However, because people in Las Vegas are unreasonably lazy, they are now putting a road through the center.  Because, you know, people cannot be bothered to walk more than 10 feet to get their Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.  And, due to the new road, the 10-year-old trees had to meet an early death via chainsaw.  Thanks, you lazy a&*holes!  Now, in their place are palm trees.  How creative!I hate everyone. Bleck.
4	I really like to go walking around here or to go out to dinner or the movies. They are remodeling so I'm looking forward to seeing how it will look soon.
5	I love the District...such a pretty place to hang!!!
3	A SPECIAL PLACE IN DANGER OF ENDING UP LIKE ANYPLACE  The District at Green Valley Ranch is a special place in Henderson and the Las Vegas Valley. It is an outdoor mixed use streetscape extending from the Regal Cinemas entrance of Green Valley Ranch Hotel & Casino across Green Valley Parkway toward the residential neighborhoods of Green Valley Ranch. It is a mixed use streetscape that showcases restaurants, mid to high end shops, bars, offices, and a pedestrianized environment.  What it doesn't showcase west of Green Valley Parkway is the automobile. In the autocentric world that we live in, it has been nice to park the car and escape traffic for awhile. But then Town Center came along, became very popular and kind of left the District in the dust. So the executives have come up with the idea to turn the pedestrianized walkway into a street. Their argument is that it will bring more traffic to the stores. While there at it, if they want more traffic, why not extend Serene Avenue through a tunnel under Green Valley Ranch Hotel into what was the pedestrian walkway? They'll get traffic!  The pedestrianized environment has made The District west of Green Valley Ranch a unique and special place. In my opinion, I feel that they messed up by building phase 2, which is east of Green Valley Parkway as a glorified shopping center anchored by Whole Foods. There is a poor connection between the two sections that Green Valley Parkway separates. Being forced to cross a six lane arterial a few hundred feet from an Interstate interchange, in my mind is poor connectivity. Especially if you are bar hopping or if it is rush hour. Having majored in urban and regiona l planning, I understand that if there was a pedestrian bridge crossing Green Valley Parkway to a phase 2 pedestrianized development, The District could of been thriving as a special place. In a sense, The District neglected the goose that laid the golden egg.  Despite the fact that the District neglected the goose that laid the golden egg there is still some gold in its basket. With the adjacent Green Valley Ranch Hotel & Casino, it is a cluster of restaurants, shops, bars, coffee, and entertainment. If you want a good meal; choices include Lucille's Barbecue, the Elephant Bar, P.F. Changs, Balboa Pizza Company, Settebella Pizza, Feast Buffet, The Cheesecake Factory, and other respectable restautants. What about a drink? After work, I enjoy visiting one of their bars for an adult beverage. Some of the bars include Al's Garage, The Drop Bar, an Irish Pub, and the Presidio. Or I might be relaxed and want a coffee. In the past it has been nice sitting outside Coffee Bean people, and not traffic watching. And if I want to be healthy there is Rachel's Kitchen. Question, "do you really need on street parking to visit a bar or Lucille's?"   The District is a nice destination to see the movies.  The Regal Cinemas is a state-of-the-art facility playing the latest movies. And when the weather is warm, there is a series of nighttime outdoor movies that only cost time.   As far as shopping there has been little gold in the District's basket. The shops are middle to high range. It really comes down to personal taste when it comes to shopping here. As far as my tastes,  I appreciate REI because I am a hardcore hiker and Whole Foods because they sell a lot of unique food. I enjoy glancing in Williams Sonoma, and The Walking Company. As far as my tastes for shopping, none of the shops stands out.  I live a couple of miles away from The District. So my District check-ins will live on. Because yelping is a living activity that is never static, I could see a post road through the District update. As it stands right now, I have placed a 3 star review in the District's basket.
4	I love this place. Love the little stores, bars, restaraunts, outdoor movie nights, Whole Foods, etc. I just wish thr parking was better.
5	Uh, WOW! So pretty here! Small boutique shops, easy to walk around and shop, almost to easy, spending money here is going to happen. The Aveda salon is staffed with friendly people, go for a massage here!
1	Sad, just sad.  The makeover ruined the atmosphere!  Where we had a special place to walk and enjoy the shops, now we have a unforgiving parking lot.  What once was special now is just mundane.Sad, just sad.
4	Nice outdoor mall. There doesn't seem to be much to it, but there's actually a fair amount of restaurants and shops. I really like Rachel's Kitchen & Crazy Pita. Williams & Sonoma is also nice. They just added a Charming Charlies. Many of the stores will let you being your pet inside. I think it is always so cute to see the dogs. The new driving section through the middle isn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. Most of the times I've been there it has been partially closed for an event. I'm all for whatever helps these businesses stay in operation. I like how some of the places will let you eat with your dog on the patio. Personally I think dogs should be allowed on all the patios.
1	Forget trying to have meals or drinks at any of the patio dining with all the cars rushing by... The exhaust, engine noise and music so loud in alot of the cars as they drive by is ridiculous.They could have at least put in speed humps or something similar to slow the cars down. Most won't even attempt to stop for pedestrians in the few crosswalks installed.
5	After a few hours reading a book from the library and exercising from the local recreational center nearby you want to enjoy family time while window shopping but don't want to drive far distance and besides you want to take your family on a walk like Hollywood boulevard style in the fresh open outdoors. After walking and shopping you can eat at several of the fine dining restaurants, gamble, watch a concert or movie, this location is the place.
1	I have to say that I have been back twice in the last month since my last visit which was in the summer and was not incorrect in my suspicions that the new parking and street through the center would ruin the atmosphere. We used to visit several times a month but didn't even bother to visit during the holidays this last year.
4	The makeover is completed! Looks good. I like they have little conversation areas dotted throughout the place.It feels kind of cramped though.Plus when cars are parked and running their engine and your breathing those fumes trying to eat is not very appetizing.The parking is convenient but again the space is cramped. You can barely fit two cars on that road. The times I have been there, Ive watched cars almost about to get hit when they are backing out of spaces.It's really 3 stars for the reno they didBumped because I like:There's one new tenant so far Ive seen ,,Charming Charlies! I look forward to the new Farmers Market they'll be holding on Thursday evenings!http://www.shopthedistrictgvr.com/farmersmarket/
2	Completely ruined by putting parking in the middle of the shops. Never enough parking here but mixing cars and pedestrians is never a good thing. Lots of families milling around and now you have to worry about cars. Complete stupidity.
5	I was a little upset when I had heard about their new renovation. I loved the fact that you could walk around without any cars driving past but once I checked it out after the renovations were done, I fell in love with it even more. It is so convenient to be able to park directly in front of the store you need. Before, you use to have to park in a huge parking lot and finding a parking space was always so hard and if you were in a hurry, you would have to walk really fast to get to the heart of the District. I find myself parking in front of the stores all the time just to run in and grab something quickly. The little water park for kids is adorable!!!! I am a nanny and am always looking for things to do and it's so nice to be able to bring the child I take care of here while I sit back on the couches and relax.
4	The district has a distinguish verity of stores and restaurants. It's one street and a large portion of its restaurants is located on the mid south part of the street. I love the vibe of this place. True, it pales comparing to town square in the variety of stores and restaurants, but it always has a hip feel to it and I love it. Also, it's never crowded, always have some exciting sales going on and some stores here you cannot find anywhere else. Overall, a fun none-crowded luxurious place for shopping a dining. Personally-I love it
1	Do not like it after remodeling.  Looks like someone's living room, not very well put together.
2	The problem with this place isn't so much the parking that goes down the middle, it's all the anal drivers that wait for those parking spots.It's the anal drivers that wait, block traffic and bump their music that makes the center drive way a bad idea.I personally think the drive way was a nice improvement however, I do understand how loud music can make sitting outside unpleasant. While everyone complains about the drive way that however isn't my biggest complaint about this out door mall.My biggest complaint is how many people think they own this mall because of their color. I always get looks and bad attitude just because I'm a bit darker than all the pale people that make this location their mall.I get these looks in just about every shop I go into.  It's kinda sad that it's still like this, but then again Green Valley is pretty much like that every where u go. Takes some time to get used to. If you don't believe me, Just look at the reviews below and you'll see what I'm talking about.
5	Very nice shopping center with awesome restaurants like Lucille's BBQ and King's Fish House. Also, there is a new gourmet Olive Oil & Vinegar shop called Oil & Vine opening  this weekend that looks really good. You can taste a bunch of oils and vinegars before buying them.
3	Pretty atmosphere with a water feature- newly added small parking lot scrunched in between some stores like Anthropologie, The Walking Company, SOMA & Ann Taylor LOFT sprinkled with some restaurants, like Lucille's, Elephant Bar; sort of leading to the Green Valley Ranch. When I had heard that the management wanted to lean more towards a Town Square atmosphere, I wasn't sure about the new setup. It's pretty with all the added greenery (in the middle, near parking), but a bit of a tight squeeze, especially with traffic (and not nearly as nice or varied with store selection, either). More parking in back (for Lucille's BBQ- we had a gift card to use, so it was the very reason for our visit here). There used to be a Hallmark store but seems like the little locations always pack up and go after a few years. When Coldwater Creek closes (bankruptcy), there will be another vacancy here (it probably will not stay empty for long, though). We checked out Anthropologie and The Walking Store too. There was a Bake Sale fundraising event stand at SOMA.  There used to be this large stage towards the middle of the district, which was mostly empty, whenever we visited, prior to the new construction. The water feature is very nice for the kiddos. Next time, we'll be prepared so our little guy can enjoy it too. He loves the water, just like Mommy. It's FREE too. Anything refreshing to beat the heat, is nice to enjoy.  Nice for the Henderson part of the valley and more offerings when compared to the Lake Las Vegas section. I do love Town Square though, where there is something for everyone.
5	I love all the little shops that they offer they have great dinner options and its a nice walk. The streets are very clean.
5	The District is a beautiful place for shopping and dining!It is a beautiful area to walk around.  There are plenty of great little shops and the normal chain stores. After a little bit of shopping cardio, there are plenty of options for dining.  Balboas, Elephant Bar and Settebello Pizza are just a few to enjoy.  The GVR casino and resort is also located next to the area.  They have recently added the road going through the center of the shops with parking.  I did like it better when it was all blocked off for people to walk but it's still good.  If you are in the Green Valley area, stop and shop!
4	So beautiful during the holidays....  Lovely decorations and the strolling singing carolers.  Great ensemble of restaurants and boutiques.... My huge complain, and I'm sure it's the major complain from everyone is the parking situation!!!!  Maybe it's time to built a garage, a 6-7 levels minimum
5	Great place to go shopping and dining. It is a favorite place to go during the holidays, the streets are lined with beautiful decorations, and with the sound of strolling singing carolers.
4	I have always liked the District.  It's quaint and they always try to have different things happening at different times of year.  Now that they have "Main Street" opened, the experience is that much better.  For about half a mile, you forget you are in Las Vegas (well, technically, you're in Henderson, but you know what I mean...)  I just wish there was more in the paper about what is happening at the District - the new stores, yoga classes, live concerts, etc.
