5	This place has been haunting me forever. Driving past it all the time and teasing me with it's sign and red awning. This place is kinda a hole in the wall. I don't really wanna give away the experience. But you should make reservations if you go on a weekend. It definitely is a possibility it may be crowded - It opens at 5pm till late night. Ok so here's the deal without giving away the experience. You walk in and .............. We'll skip ahead to eating there - it definitely is worth it though. Funny thing is that I was reading over some past reviews and either people had a great time here or it REALLY Sucked. Sometimes restaurants go through staffing issues...But definitely had a good time here. Just remember to "speak easy" if you know what I mean!The ambiance is dark and romantic. With an old Vegas feel to it. It's got these private booths and family tables. We got the Bugsy Segal Booth. There's a guy walking around singing old Rat Pack/Chicago -Italian style songs from "That's Amore" - "Ain't that a kick in the head. The service was friendly from EVERYONE! The decor is kinda Mob-like. The food was pretty good almost home cooked. The pasta I had was "Swim with Fishes" or something like that had a light cheese cream sauce with garlic and sundried tomatoes swimming in al dente fettucinni and shrimp.  "Bust a cap" stuffed mushrooms were fantastic - sure they were little mushrooms but they did pack it with flavor. The italian egg drop soup was good. Very garlicky but a little salty for me. When they say garlic mashed potatoes...they don't mess around.GARLIC!!!!They had this chicken too kinda with picatta sauce and capers but it had broccoli. This thing was packed with flavor.Ok so great ambiance,  great date place, friendly staff, good food. Definitely wanna come back!
5	A real Las Vegas treat is a visit to Capo's, this is one place you may have passed a thousand times before noticing, and even though you may have you weren't sure. This is my testimony to Capo's great tastes. I've been a handful of times, each dish is very special, perfectly cooked and flavors brought out perfectly. Their marinara sauce is to die for. :)
5	What an awesome place! It is dark but you get flashlights with your menu. You have to know the secret password to get in.. just kidding but the entrance is quite spiffy. The bartender is awesome and such a sweety. My friend lives right by here so we get hooked up when I accompany him when I'm in town. Wonderfully awesome italian pasta. Their soups are good too.
4	Everything was good about this place. Great Italian atmosphere; little surprises before you even get in the door. The singer was very flirty with the girls and was a very good singer, too. And the food was just great. I was with a group so we got to taste many different dishes. I highly recommend the stuffed mushrooms, the stuffed eggplant and the chocolate cake.The restaurant isn't very big and filled up even on a Sunday evening, so I recommend reservations.
4	I too had the opportunity to try this place out thanks to a last minute opening in Poly's meetup group.  Thanks for organizing!The atmosphere is terrific, complete with a live singer who comes right up to each table and serenades each and every woman.  Dim lighting also adds to the romance factor, though it's a little hard to gauge since we were there with a large group.  It does seem like the kind of place that would make a terrific date, though.The food was delicious, and because we ordered family style I had the chance to try a bunch of different dishes.  The desserts were especially tasty, and I was surprised to find that the chocolate cake was by far the best (over the cheesecake and canoles, usually my favorites!).
4	Thanks fellow yelpers!  I wouldn't have found this restaurant without you!This place is quite an experience... Initially it felt like I was at Disneyland on the haunted house ride.  We opened the door and entered into a small room with wall to wall dark wood.  We stood there for a few minutes and then a small window opened behind us.  I was so surprised and caught off guard, I let out a loud yelp.The side door opened, which lead us into a dark restaurant.  The place was decorated with old italian mafia type accessories.  Most of the props looked really old and it further reinforced the feeling of being at Disneyland. We were seated on the stage area and had a good view of the live singer, who sang Dean Martin hits most of the night and it sounded really good.  The restaurant was so dark, the menus had small flashlights attached to them.   We had the egg drop soup, appetizer pizza, scallops and arrabiata pasta.  Everything was very good.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  I gave it one less star because of the aged mafia props!
5	Italians will know what I mean when I say it's almost as good as Mom's cooking. I ordered ravioli with meatballs. The marinara was delicious, the pasta perfect, and the meatballs definitely taste homemade. My friend ordered a chicken dish with garlic sauce, and afterwards I had to stand at least five feet away from her.  It was the best meal we ate in Vegas.The ambience made it an extra-cool experience. Note to visitors going without a car: it's a hefty cab ride from the strip, but worth every penny.
5	Relying on yelp reviews I made an excellent choice for tonight's dinner.First time in my life I literally cleaned up plates in Italian restaurant :) because a) I was really hungry; b) portions were just right to allow for dessert in the end.We started (as recommended) with Stuffed Mushrooms - they were great and even though my g/f doesn't like olives in any form she ate a half of the portion :)I had lasagna - it was great and portion was not huge which is a plus because I wanted to leave room for dessert. I also had bean and pasta soup with it - excellent.My g/f ordered fetuchini alfredo with shrimp - she didn't manage to finish the pasta but she got all the shrimp out of it for sure - it was big and (what's that fancy word ..) - succulent. She also liked Italian egg drop soup.Then we had chocolate cake with side of ice cream - plate was clean :)And finally when we were ready to go the singer came to our table and sung a serenade for my girlfriend. Bottom line:+ interior is cool+ food's good+ singer is greatI definitely recommend this place to anyone.
4	Recommendations come highly for Capo's Italian, and I was definitely intrigued.  How can one not be when you hear about their mysterious greeting?The BF (now the Big F) and I walked in without reservations on a Sunday evening.  For our party of two, we got to sit on stage.  For future reference, there are very cool romantic booths also available.We went straight for their "Made-Man Pastas."  The Big F chose "Capo's Lasagna" for $18.50.  It's "lasagna pasta layered with Italian sausage, crushed meatballs, ricotta cheese and fresh herbs topped with Capo's special sugo and cheeses."  He also added a Homemade Italian Meatball for $6.  (Although it does say 'meatballs' on the menu, it's really one big meatball.)I chose the "Tortellini Trafficante" for $18.50, "pasta rings stuffed with cheese served with proscuitto, peas and mushrooms in our creamy alfredo sauce."  I also paid $4 for the added Italian Sausage.Both dinners are served with bread, butter, and a choice of Pasta Faggioli, Tony's Duck Soup, or their House Salad.  We both chose "Tony's Duck Soup" because the name sounded crazy enough.  They describe it as "Italian egg drop soup with garlic, spinach, and a touch of crushed red pepper."The soup was simple, but a bit too salty for my tastes.  Although the Big F enjoyed his lasagna, he thought it could be better.  He did finish it all up though.  My tortellini dish was good with its creamy sauce, but definitely very heavy.  (I had leftovers.)  The added Italian sausage wasn't particularly a favorite of mine either, perhaps my tastes aren't refined enough.As a result, we never made it to dessert.  With names like "Ma Barker's Cobbler," "Leo's Lips Lava Cake," and "Dillinger's Chocolate Covered Cannoli's," you're saddened you missed out. For the ambiance, I'll give it a solid five stars.  The restaurant really does make you feel like you're part of this secret society.  It would be great for groups or a dinner for two.  In terms of food, I'd give it a 3.  Overall, a four star rating.(Pics of our dinner are posted!)Apparently they also have a happy hour from 5 to 7 pm!
5	First, I want to give a big thanks to Vegas Yelpers for recommending Capo's.  Good Italian is hard to come by in San Diego, so when I took my first vacation in over 3 years with the wife, and without the kids, I bolted to Capo's like a fat man to the Paris buffett, and I wasn't disappointed.The Host was warm and funny.  The server, I believe his name is Chad, was both friendly and patient.  The calamari appetizer and the Cesar salad were my favorite, and the eggplant canolli was probably the best I ever had.With all that said, the best part of Capo's is the ambiance, I felt like I was eating in Capone's dining room.Tip:  The mix drinks costs less than a glass of wine, in my opinion this was the better way to go.  I ordered the "Watermelon" martini drink, and it was both refreshing and potent.
4	Its amazing I live so close to this place yet it took me over 2 years to finally get over here.    First thing you notice ofcourse is the atmosphere...never would I have thought a place like this would be on Trop and Jones but wow!!  They really bowl you over w/ the whole Italian mafia vibe (Godfather 2 was on the TV) which was way over the top all the way down to the waiters accent but it was freakin great!I came here w/ my wife and a friend so we split a few things.  We got the caprese salad which was very nicely done.  I liked that they put the bruschetta tomato on top of the whole thing which was a nice touch.  Then we split the rigatoni arrabiata w/ chicken and the lasagna.  All were done very well.
5	I now live in Las Vegas and have many friends in other cities from business and travel.  I have been put in the unfortunate position of having to choose the restaurant for my firiends who may only be here for one night passing through.  Luckily for me Capo's is here!  I ALWAYS talk over with them if they want to eat a 'famous chef' dinner or an interesting fun and always delicious dinner, my favorite italian place.        When friends want the "famous chef" dinner the conversation continues and we choose from many and .... it doesn't always turn out so well, as all of us locals know.   But I always promise to myself the next time will be Capo's!    THEN - those who chose Capo's the first time ALWAYS rave rave rave about the experience and the food - ALWAYS!   And I always ask if they think they've made the right decision and they all tell me I should not have given them a choice.  I have yet to have that happen once with  the "famous chef" restaurant experience.  Wait, except for once, mom and dad visited and we had a Wolfgang Puck  Thanksgiving Day meal... mom loved it, but I get the feeling she likes to say Wolfgang Puck too.  Also no 'rave rave rave', just a nod saying this is better than I expected.  ;-)  Dad, the Italian, raved raved raved about Capo's, mom tells her friends "oh you have to have her take you to this little secret Italian place with the tommy gun right up there on the wall".  rofl
5	Great food and awesome covert dining room. I could barely read the menu it was so dark in our little corner that the menu attached flashlights were key!Service was attentive if not a little too perky for the place. It made the place feel more "Disneyland" than speakeasy. But that's okay. I'll buy into the crooner wandering the dining room. I'll buy into the black shirts and red ties. I'll even buy into the cheeseball mafia themed posters and artwork hanging throughout the restaurant. And of course,... it all starts from the time you enter the building and are not sure which of the walls is the actual door in.The restaurant's appeal will span across all age groups. The food is delish and the portions are enough for leftovers. It's off-Strip so all you folks looking for something off the beaten path, you'll be happy you came here.
4	We found this resteraunt thank you to all of you yelpers!! My BF took me for my Bday and we loved it! The food was sooooo good and we were given a cozy little romantic booth. We also gave them a bday cake that they placed candles on and the singer came out with the waitress and sang to me over his microphone. Sounds embarressing but thankfully because of the way the cozy little booth was it was all good. The bathroom was nice and clean. The prices were really good and like I said the food tasted amazing. My only issue was the music was VERY loud so if your looking for a place to just sit and chat. This won't be the right venue for you!
5	I am so glad to have found this on yelp...My husband and I were in Las Vegas for a week..We had a rental car so this was a big help when trying out restaurants off the strip.  I made a reservation for his b.d.  What a fun place.  We arrived during happy hour because we had tickets to a show later.  All the house wine, beer and well drinks are half price along with appetizers. I think that is from 4pm to 7pm., not 100% sure about times.  We had drinks at the bar and shared an order of Calamari...(It was huge and so.o.o.o good. ) The dipping sauce was fabulous.   Since everyone said the portions were huge, we decided to split an entree and a desert.  We told our server our intentions and there wasn't an extra plate charge or any problem with sharing.  They even divided the entree into to separate servings which we still couldn't eat all of it....By the way, we had ordered spaghetti with the meat sauce.  The meat sauce was a mixture of Italian Sausage and ground beef...It was excellent...I wish we had this place in Atlanta.  For desert we ordered the Chocolate Molten cake with vanilla icecream  It was so yummy.. My husband is Italian so he loved the Godfather movies playing on the bar t.v. and he loved the singer coming around singing Frank Sinatra songs.  I had read on yelp to request a booth for a romantic dinner so I did and it was perfect.  It was a great evening and my husband loved it.
5	For me to be giving this place 5 stars, it's gotta be good.  A) Because I don't give out 5 stars very often and B) Because I'm not the hugest Italian food fan.  My friends from San Diego were in town and wanted to go here, so I obliged.  So glad I did!  The place is a dark, gangster like joint where they serve some amazing food.  I wanted the ravioli, but they were out, so I had their special - swordfish.  The best swordfish I've ever had along with the best risotto I've ever had.  Red sangria packed a delicious punch, too.  All of the salads were amazing as well -- how can you blow me away with a salad?  All in all, a great experience, and a friendly staff as well.  If you go, ake sure you go on restaurant.com first and buy a gift certificate at a discount!
5	Fellow Yelper's hinted my group to Capo's and there was not an ounce of disappointment by this choice. My boyfriend is Italian so I have a tough critic when dining at an Italian restaurant. He was extremely pleased with the selection. I will be honest that I was a bit hesitant when I saw the location. Capo's is in a ghetto looking neighborhood within a strip mall, off the Vegas Strip. I guess that consoled myself that it would be worth a try when I saw Ruth Chris in the same type of setting, but a couple blocks back. The entrance to the restaurant is quite fun and interesting. It is a simulated gangster hangout. You have to ring a door bell so that you can be let in. The restaurant itself is dark and you get a little light to read the menu. Capo's offers that very best service that I have seen at any restaurant. Jennine was our waitress and she was knowledgeable, attentive and looked happy to work at Capo's. The restaurant had a busboy, Jeremy who just worked his tail off and made sure that all the customers had all that they needed. My boyfriend and I shared the lasagna as well as the egg drop soup with spinach. It was excellent. Taste, texture and temperature were outstanding. So far, Capo's is by far the best that we have had. If only the restaurants on the strip could get the concept of great service and excellent food would they even be able to compete with Capo's.
5	This place is AMA-ZA-ZING!!!  I was actually hoping that not a lot of people knew about this place, but how could you not?!  Coming from two Italians, it means a lot to find an Italian restraunt that actually makes Italian food and not another generic Olive Garden, Fazolli's or Spaghetti Factory.  It's as close as it gets, and damn good food!
4	Capo's is an adorable little old Italian restaurant.  When you first step in you get the feeling your walking into an old mafia movie.  They have a little dark room you step into, they peep their head in through a hole, and then walk around and let you into the coolest restaurant around.  The decor is great!  They have a singer who comes a couple nights a week who sings all the standards, and he does a great job.  Plus, the food is fantastic.  I had the homemade meatballs, my fiance had the rigatoni alla vodka , and my future father in law had the Tony duck's soup.  All of the dishes were very tasty, we'll be sure to visit any time we are in Vegas.
4	Thank you, fellow Yelpers, for the awesome recommendation.Capo's was a great experience.  I love the old mafia movie feel.I agree with other Yelpers that the food is okay but the atmosphere is what really makes it a special experience.  I had the duck soup and the angel hair pasta pomodoro.  I don't think there was any duck in the soup but it was tasty.The singer was great.  He sounded a lot like Frank Sinatra - at least to a non-expert like me.My boyfriend and I didn't rent a car so we took the bus and it took quite awhile to get to Capo's.  So, if you decide to take the Deuce down and then catch another bus, keep in mind it's pretty far west from the Strip.
5	Great afterhours on Tuesday nights. Good for getting away from the strip a little.
2	I was surprised to see all of these good reviews for Capos.  I thought it was just o.k, nothing great. There was no singer so maybe our experience would have been better if there was.  We visited on a Friday at 8PM and the place was pratically empty.  There were maybe 2 or 3 orther tables.  We had salad to start and the ceaser and house salads were soaked in salad dressing...way too much!  And be prepared for garlic, the salads were very garlicly, which I didn't mind.  I had the fish special that was encrusted in pine nuts.  It seemed more like a breadcrumb coating that I just pealed off.  For $35 I've had much better.  Someone ordered the The Chef Sleeps with Fishes which was good, but not oustanding.  If you're visiting LasVegas with a car and are intrigued by the 'theme" then it's probably worth your while assuming the singer other reviewers wrote about is there.  If you would need to rent a car or pay for a cab, I say skip it.
2	Food is definately not the reason to trek to this place. I found the wedding soup inedible and the prices mediocre for below average Italian. Experience was interesting and kitsch, and server was kind and replaced soup without hesitation. Just so many competent restaurants on the strip that made my experience below average.
5	Capo's is  a great asset to Las Vegas!  There are many italian themed restaurants, but this place is exceptional.  This restaurant is totally different from any other in Vegas, and most especially  the service is what stands out to make it such a great place.  From the minute you walk into this restuarant, it is all about you.  Everyone from the person that seats you, to the servers, to the cooks--you can see them cooking from the bar seats-- the customer and your experience is what matters.  This alone is so much different than most other restaurants in Las Vegas.  This is actually what sets this restaurant apart from all the rest. The decor is great--puts you back into 1960--and so is the food.  Try everything, but most especially you cannot miss the calamari. This place is sure to last because they go above and beyond.  It is not unusual to see the owner and  his wife here; obviously this is an endeavor that matters to them. There are many choices in Las Vegas, but this place is not to miss.
4	This place was great,The only reason I knew about this place was because my fiancee and I wanted a nice Italian Restaurant and we asked the Taxi Driver where to go and he took us here, and boy what a find.  The atmosphere is great makes you feel like a Italian mobster.  A small detail that I really liked is that the booths are high so when my fiancee and I were cozying up it didn't feel like everybody was watching us, nobody could see us and we couldn't see anybody else which was great.The service was fantastic, not only efficient but friendly and the food was a solid 8/10.  The price is relatively reasonable.  I am going back in a few weeks for my bachelor party so lets see how they deal with a large rowdy group.!!!But I recommend this place, you will not be dissapointed
5	Capo's is a must. We ate a Wofgang Pucks at theVenetian the night before, which was good, especially since we met the pocket chef himself..He was out glad handing all of his patrons, was as pleasant and charming as you might expect.  I was designated to find the next dinner restaurant, and had my laptop, so i yelped Mario Batali's B & B restaurant which had not so hot ratings by fellow yelpers. So I searched yelp and found Capo's, with two locations, W tropicana and  W Sahara.  Rave reviews from yelpers, so i called to see which was closer to theTreasure Island where we were staying.  Only a  machine at the Tropicana location, but a real person at the W Sahara location.The dude said he was about a mile closer, so we made reservations for five at six PM. easy to find, valet parking which was almost a neccessity because he directed us to the entry, which is a whole other story.  Dark, early sixties/late fifties decor, really great food and a very memorable time.  Piano player/crooner. I don't think you will be dissappointed.   I added this review because although the other location was yelped highly, the sahara location wasn't on the yelp list yet.
5	Ok, for those of you that want a short review, "the story is short":Superior Food. Superior Service. erm....UNIQUE Atmosphere. Make reservations. Give Mikey at the door some playful attitude. Tip appropriately.There, move on to the next review if you aren't into my typical prose.It's 7:15pm on Friday Night. I was motivated to go to Capo's for only one reason: a Yelper (Judith B.) wrote a bad review and the owner Nico S. responded with zeal...on Yelp...within 24 hours of each other.  So, I went to check it out myself! And there I was, 7:15pm, ringing the Speak-Easy doorbell and mixing it up with Mikey The Doorman (his card says Mikey "The Bull"), trying to get in.  Hey, it's an OLD TIME SPEAK EASY. Don't forget about the UNIQUE atmosphere, here!  Ok, all playfulness aside, the truth of the matter is I got the very last seat in the house...at the bar...right in front of the kitchen staff and the bartenders...and I had a wonderful experience! I got to see EVERYTHING being cooked. I even saw some of the back-staff at work. There are SIX cooks all working a feverish, aerobic pace to keep the food moving toward the customer. These people are MIRACULOUS at what they do. I watched the bar-staff work with equal zeal, so much so that they took the time to make friends with me because they noticed I noticed them so much. What does it say that a Bartender (Melissa) with 5 years experience takes the FRAKKING TIME to shake hands with some random customer? Wow. And John the bar-back REMEMBERED my name. AND JUSTIN the other guy behind the bar...between the three of them my water glass was NEVER empty.Ok, anyway, there are probably twenty people working at this restuarant, and each and every one of them are busting their hiney's to make every customer happy. Every Breath of Every Minute that I was there. That counts for 5 and a HALF stars to me. I'm not talking about the "I'm busy I'm busy I'm busy" attitude, I'm talking about the "Every Customer Is My Number One Most Important Customer Every Second" kind of attitude. Wow. Props, Nico.Let's pretend the service wasn't fantastic for a moment.  It was, but let's pretend, just for a moment.  Because I was curious, I ordered the Veal Piccata, pasta fagioli (say foo-ZHOOOL!), and spaghetti with red sauce (Yes, RED Sauce). Yes, I lived in Europe for 8 years. Yes, I know my way around a traditional Italian restaurant a 'la Europa, AND the American version thereof. Yes, I thought the Veal Piccata was great! Cooked TO PERFECTION in my opinion, NOT OVERCOOKED as Judith says. My particular dinner was so tasty I couldn't get over the tenderness of the perfectly-cooked veal...and the wonderful caper sauce it was bathed in. Heck, just that alone is worth five stars to me.  Yet, I digress a little too far.The veal was perfect.  The pasta in the red sauce was FANTASTIC. Yes, FANTASTIC. The pasta was cooked, in my opinion, exactly Al Dente. Jimmy at Chianti Cafe would probably have been jealous had we been dining together tonight, and given half the opportunity, I'd like to bring Jimmy and a lady friend of his with my girlfriend and compare his cooking to Nico's one day!Oh, and then the wine. House Cabernet that tasted like it wasn't the "house" brand. Heck, I could savor the chocolate overtones battling the plum on my tongue all night long it was that good. And the wine list had a large selection of wines I recognize from my own collection at one time or other (I happen to have collected over two hundred bottles of primarily sparkling and red wines from Napa and Sonoma counties once upon a time). Sterling Vineyards featured among them.Oh, and the cappucino after dinner was really, really good.Oh, and the bread throughout the dinner was so scrumptuous!Oh, and the port after-dinner drink was luscious and velvety!Oh, and Kansas led Mich State by two most of the time I was there! LOL!Ok, so by and large, I compare this restaurant to Chianti Cafe in Summerlin and rate them equally, favoring Chianti Cafe because it is a bit more conducive to seducing my girlfriend sans loud groups of tourists. But Nico deserves 5 stars, because he DELIVERS 5 stars.And as Dennis Miller says "That's just my opinion, I could be wrong!"
5	My husband and I had dinner here while in town for March Madness.  We wanted to get off the strip (we went to the original one - not new one on West Sahara) for a change and I was craving hearty Italian food (it was cold outside this trip!)  We want to the original placeWords cannot describe how much I loved dinner here!  From the fun entrance, the decor, the atmosphere, and the delicious food!  And for the amount of food you get, the prices are reasonable. Especially after you have been eating on the strip/at hotels for a couple days!I had the rigatoni in meat sauce with a GIANT meatball. It hit the spot!! Exactly as I was craving.  My husband had the lasagna and said it was very good.  We were stuffed full so didn't get to try dessert but I plan on going back!I liked it so much that I took my leftovers back to the hotel and carefully transported them back home with me the next day - refused to let such yummy food go to waste! Italian food is my all time favorite but a lot of places are very generic/lacking in flavor - this is definitely not one of them. Plus we got there about 20 minutes before they closed and they in no way made us feel rushed.  Very nice staff!
5	spent the evening here with my boyfriend last saturday.  i admit i thought after hearing about it that the whole "speakeasy" theme seemed a little contrived.  He made reservations which was a good idea.  My BF, having come before solo, told me about the place...grown like a phoenix from the ashes of the old Hooters.  We were seated and catered to immediately, amidst crushed red velvet wallpaper, chandaliers at most every table and music from a shiny baby grand "lounge style".My favorites:calamari...i have it everywhere. i remarked to my BF that this was the Best! Perfectly cooked, not spongey. Sauce has a kick which i love!My BF's ribeye was one of the best tasting steaks, loaded with garlic and butterHandsdown, the mushroom risotto was a complete surprise!  How good it was. I almost didn't order it.My favorite: Perfectly cooked, succulent lobster tail, my nervana. try it you won't be diasppointed.Least favorites:The waiter recommended entree of tuna (which was ok) but was cooked with some form of fennel pasta (would not recommend it personally).All in all, a magical evening.  I noticed the owner made a point to stop by most tables and welcome his patrons.  Best of all, he was so gracious and thankful to his guests for him to be prospering when economic times are so hard.  It felt like he wanted to give back for helping make his restaurant succeed.  Kudos!Would love to go back and try the spicy arriabatta (sp) pasta and creme brulee...p.s. coffee is stout and just right w/dessert This dinner was a perfect end and beginning to a great date!
4	I came here with a large group to celebrate my bachelorette party and we had a blast!  They treated us very well and the singer spent a lot of time at our table serenading each of us.   I loved the atmosphere and the entrance.  It was exactly what I wanted, a gangster-themed Italian restaurant.  The food was good, not great, but who cared?  The atmosphere was why we were there.  I had the pasta with the vodka sauce, which was tasty, but very salty.  I was unable to finish my meal because of all the bread I had eaten.  Overall, a very positive experience.
5	My partner and I came here because of the high reviews in Yelp. We were vacationing in Las Vegas and felt like Italian. What a huge surprise! When we got dropped off by the cab, we weren't so sure of our choice just based on the exterior of the building, and when we walked in the entrance, we were even less so. This is designed just like an old speakeasy. When you enter the door, it appears to be a dark closet with a keypad to punch in a secret code to enter. As we were puzzling over the keypad, a little hidden look-through panel popped open and the host greeted us (to our startled surprise!). He then opened a hidden door. When we stepped into the door, we walked into the 1920s!  It was amazing!The atmosphere felt authentic with the exception of the large screen LCD where "Good Fellas" was playing. The walls were decorated with old gangsters and a very good singer was strolling the restaurant singing old Rat Pack songs.The food was just as good as the atmosphere! Everything from the bread and salad, right down to the entree and dessert were delicious!The staff was attentive while staying in role for the theme of Capo's. We highly recommend you check out this little gem off the strip of Vegas. It is well worth the trip!
5	Superior Food. Superior Service. Superior Atmosphere.My mother and I enjoyed Capo's on Sahara, and she felt it was the highlight of her food journey here in Las Vegas.I have visited this restaurant enough times to try most everything on the menu, and I recommend this restaurant to everyone. The steaks are cooked PERFECTLY. When you want a highest-quality steak cooked EXACTLY medium-rare, don't bother with anywhere else but Capo's. When you want highest-quality pasta, go to Capo's. My mother RAVED....**RAVED**.... about her spaghetti and meat sauce with meatballs.  One of my earliest memories of my childhood is my mother cooking spaghetti and meat sauce with meatballs. Look, this is the pinnacle of greatness, when *my mother* loves the spaghetti and meat sauce and meatballs.I am in total awe and very grateful to the wonderful experiences at this restaurant. The decor and ambiance compliment the superb food and drink.Just...wow. Holy cow. Incredible.(ad.nauseum: and wait staff that bend OVER BACKWARDS and bar staff who are TOP NOTCH and a lounge singer with STYLE AND CLASS AND GRACE and VALET PARKING and an Owner (Nico S.) who TRULY CARES and a Doorman (Mikey The Bull) who is DELIGHTFUL and and and.... just...wow.)
3	The food is average. The decor is awesome. the theme is weird. the idea would be great if the food shined through.
5	Are you freakin' kidding me?  Being a regular, I can say that this is, hands & feet down one of the coolest Vegas flair restaurants, unique in its kind & kick a$$ at the same time.Capo's is the only speakeasy in Las Vegas.  Call for reservations & prepare to go back in time when Alphonse Gabriel aka: "Al" Capone hung out in an underground bar during the prohibition era of the 1920's & 1930's.Food is pretty decent for Italian cuisine, not the best I've ever had.  But you don't necessarily go to Capo's for the food, ha, you go for the environment.  Most servers come fully equipped with some sort of East Coast accent.  But provide attentive and hospitable service.Most nights a live lounge singer will serenade you table-side to good ole favs from Ol' Blue Eyes.  Don't make direct eye-contact if you don't want him to embarrass the sheeze outta ya.  Once he sang me, "that ladies a tramp" ha, thanks! Corner location, not many people know of this little treasure, good for me, I bring all my out of town guests here.  They eat it up.The decor is awesome, dimly lite & romantic-ish, and the bar almost always plays the movie Godfather.....or a mafia gangster movie. There's also a hidden cigar bar upstairs, ask your server for details. It's super small & quite ventilation retard, but cool nonetheless.GO, go at least once a week!
4	Food and the ambiance are good.  Its not the best Italian I've ever had before, but way better than an Italian chain.  Make sure you bring your cell phone so you can read the menu in the low lighting.We arrived 1 hour before closing and we found the level of service attention was lacking.  That might be because i ordered a coke and my wife got water, but we were waiting a long time to order, get our food, and get the check.  We had to flag the waiter down because he only visited our table once after we got our food.Nevertheless - definitely worth a try if you want to get away from strip and try something a little different.
5	Overrated? Fuget about it! Capo's did not disappoint at all. Took my girl here last week and we both loved it. I didn't tell her about the entrance, which scared the crap out of her. Good times! Lol. The ambiance and food were great. The chocolate cake was delicious. The crooner was awesome. My girl loved it so much that she got up and danced with me. Capo's will definitely be a "must do" on my future visits to Vegas.
5	The front door gimmick is certainly worth talking about for the first few minutes of your meal.   Upon entering the restaurant you are greeted by a classic Italian Mob looking joint complete with the cheesy crooner singing tableside.  The setting and ambiance are perfect.As for the meal, The wine list is a very lacking, as it was mostly new world wines with only fifteen or so selections.  We settled on a bottle of Ruffino Gold Label ($60), all though if they had any quality Italian wines we would have been happy to spend a bit more.  On the high end side of things they only had Silver Oak and Opus One, which were priced far below normal Vegas mark-ups ($110 & $250).I got there a bit after my friends who had already ordered appetizers.  When the apps came, they brought out the bruschetta with no cheese instead of no pancetta as my friends had claimed to order it.  My friends can be space cadets so this could have been their fault.  Regardless of who's fault it was, the waitress was very nice and brought a new one and allowed us to keep the improperly made one on the table.I ordered the Pasta Fagioli soup which was excellent, but served luke warm, and then the Veal Piccata which was also very good, all though I thought it was a bit of a small portion.  Everybody else at the table really enjoyed their meals, and it was a pleasant experience with Dean Martin and Frankie Blue Eyes being sung five feet away from us.Our server was very nice and attentive even though she had quite a few tables running at once.I will come back to Capos when I am in the mood for a fun evening away from the strip.  The food is good, but not great.  But considering that it's not that expensive, and they have to keep a guy employed just to scare the crap out of you at the front door, I'll give them a pass.  They get five stars because I did enjoy the evening very much, and I don't want to get whacked next time I come in if I only gave it four.
4	Finally tried the place after reading so many good things on Yelp!! We didn't make a reservation because we just didn't know what time we would end up there. When we got there at around 8:30pm on Sunday night it didn't seem to matter....the place was almost empty. Oh wait, back up.....yes we stood in the doorway for a few minutes, while I tried to recall from my reading on Yelp what to do...."secret door", knock?, "is this the right way in?" That was fun for a bit....I won't give anymore away so you all can experience "the door" for yourselves.When we were greeted my our "New Yorker" waiter....he was pretty harsh? rude? and I just had to keep reminding myself that this is a themed restaurant and he is "playing" a character. All of the support staff we much nicer and not so much in "character"....refilled waters, smiled, brought bread, opened the door when we left and thanking us for coming, etc.The place itself is amazing....the atmosphere is wonderful and I am so looking forward to bringing my Italian father and my mother who married my father because he looked like Al Pacino (33 years ago). This is a true, non-cheesy, themed Italian restaurant complete with the dim lighting, rich colors and fabrics, lounge singer singing Italian classics, and chalk outline on the floor (ha ha).I had a glass of Riesling which was one of the best I have ever had, so smooth and refreshing. My boyfriend and I both had the house salads before our dinners...Italian dressing was zesty and incredibly flavorful. The warm bread was also delicious. I was a little disappointed in that the kitchen was out of the ravioli which I was looking forward to so I opted for the spaghetti with meat sauce and it turned out to be wonderful (very large portion too!) My boyfriend had the lasagna and he loved it!! We decided to order dessert to-go to enjoy much later when weren't so full. I ordered the cheesecake and my boyfriend ordered the chocolate covered cannoli, only to find out they  were out of that too so he ordered the special that night, peanut butter and chocolate cannoli. Later that night when we opened our to-go boxes we were so bummed that the order was wrong. Instead of cannoli we were given my least favorite dessert, tirimisu. My boyfriend enjoyed it anyway and I, my cheesecake. All in all, great food and atmosphere, price not too bad either (80 including tip and tax for all that we had) Can't wait to go back.
5	I love this place. The first time I came here, it was with my mom and I immediately thought this would be perfect for a date.This place is so cool. You walk into the main entrance and you are in a room that looks like you got to be apart of an exclusive club to get anywhere else but where you came in. Ring the bell and a slide bursts open and a man asks you what you want and then they'll open the wall from the other side. BADASS. This place is mafia style which is neat because I know of nowhere else to feel this way. They have pretty good Italian food not 5 stars but the atmosphere makes up for it. They have a singer who does Frank Sinatra all night and overall I have left satisfied every time. I recommend this to everyone who likes to eat Italian because this is one place you can not refuse to visit.
5	Superior Food, Superior Atmosphere, Superior Service, Romantic Experience. "Speakeasy" Theme. Give Mikey the Bull respect.Ribeye Medium Rare is PERFECT. Lobster Tail could be the best in town, though a bit pricey (market prices fluctuate), you do pay for what you get...the best. Mushroom Risotto is melt-in-your-mouth good. House Cabernet is fantastic. Great selection of specialty drinks. Tony's Duck Soup is superb! The quality is unsurpassed.  Please read the rest of my reviews on Capo's on Sahara for more details.Lounge singer and two "wandering musicians" make for a very romantic experience.
5	My friend and I booked this place for our boyfriend's birthdays. It was funny being greeted from a different door than we thought. We got a semi-private table away from the main floor. The food was amazingly reasonable for what I thought it would be. And super delicious. Fantastic ambiance with the singer walking around singing Sinatra all night. The staff was top shelf, not stuck up, not pushy, and friendly even when we were a little tipsy and being silly. The lighting is low and romantic. I highly recommend this place!!
4	Took my fiancee there for his birthday 7/15/09 hoping to give him the best birthday experience ever. We were promptly seated after showing ourselves at  the "trick door". Taken to a dark but chandelier booth where we were greeted immediately by a our host-assistant. No hiccups, plateware was removed, our drinks were brought expeditiously,our order was taken. we were serenaded by old-school las vegas musicians who knew just what my fiancee requested they sung directly to me until i would have said yes to anything. dinner followed promptly; we had to wait on nothing thruout the evening UNTIL it came to our desire to have dessert and coffee; there was not a soul to be found. Imagine that, being on the way to 5 stars and then blowing it by not even showing up to ask us about offering us coffee or an after dinner aperitif. waah!. I'd like to think my love was overall happy with his birthday dinner but i had wanted it to go so perfectly. oh well, the entrees were exquisite as always and I can't wait to come back. i hope they will have ironed out the end of the dinner for us return patrons, so we can add a much DESERVED exclamation point to end the evening; thank Nico for his overall 4 1/2 stars service.
5	Easily my favorite casual dining restaurant in Las Vegas! This place came highly recommended from a colleague, someone I didn't trust much, but she raved about the secret entrance, wonderful atmosphere and fantastic food and she looked like she knew a thing or two about food (if you know what I mean). My fiance and I decided to check it out on one of our date nights and were immediately confused as to which entrance to go through, the (free) valet kid helped us out, it's all part of the atmosphere. Why they have valet, I'll never understand, especially since the restaurant is the only thing occupying a majority of spaces in this small shopping center. Once inside, we were rudely asked, "Can I help you?" by a pair of eyes peaking through a secret sliding peep hole. Nervously, we told him of our reservation and to our enjoyment he opened the "secret" door, revealing a dark, noisy bar, chalk outlines on the floor, dim lighting, ornate chandeliers and wallpaper. A cheesy piano man was hitting the keys and singing Bobby Darin, a tip jar was perched at the edge of his mini grand while old mob movies played on flat screen TVs. Immediately, we fell in love with the place and still hadn't seen a menu. Anyone who knocks the atmosphere must be crazy, or simply prefers a quiet, intimate restaurant. Don't get me wrong, those kinds of places are fun, too, but this place is noisy, dark and heavily themed, I can't stress that enough and this is coming from someone who hates Rain Forest Cafe because of the atmosphere and theme.Our waiter was wonderful, he had a thick Italian accent, I believe fake, but still hilarious and he told us about the menu and gave us time to look over the menu after taking our drink orders. Cocktails are a bit expensive, but there aren't many quality bars in Vegas that serve cheap cocktails, so the price was mostly forgiven. We each ordered a pasta dish, her the Lasagna and me the "Angels with Dirty Faces," which is a bit heavy, but for a pepperoni fan like me, was extremely flavorful and delicious. Now, let me be honest about the food, this is in no way the best food in Las Vegas (so far, that belongs to Carne Vino at Palazzo, but that's another Yelp). This place is wonderful for its combination of theme, atmosphere and food, not one thing or the other. Remember Chuck E. Cheese's when you were a kid? That karma of arcade games, ball pit and mediocre pizza? Remember how fun that was? Now, improve the pizza, replace arcade games and ball pit with atmosphere and cocktails and you've got the kind of harmonious perfection that makes Capos such a fun, memorable place. We've been here too many times to count and bring our out-of-town friends all the time and they love it. We've never had a bad experience. Please give this place a try, if you're not a food snob, you will love it.
4	Everything has been upgraded here compared to the Tropicana location.  The atmosphere is one of a kind in town.  My wife certainly appreciates the indoor smoking area they have there too.  We usually just eat at the bar and bs w/ the cooks.  Meatball salad is probably my favorite thing on the menu.  Anything w/ their meatballs in it actually....
4	Great food, Great concept. Very friendly staff. Tops my list of best italian restaurants in town. I've never had anything that I didnt enjoy. A great place to take friends or family.
5	Capo's is amazing!  All aspects...food, atmosphere, service, etc.  I had the salmon picatta with mushroom risotto and ceasar salad.  Seriously, the BEST I have ever had.  My husband had the bacon wrapped filet and said it was so good, he did not want the flavor to leave his mouth!  Coming from 2 serious Sicilians.... Capo's is the BEST and my new favorite Italian spot.  However, I did try a bite of the ravioli and I was not impressed but everything else was nothing less than amazing.
3	The food was really good but the service was super slow.The atmosphere was cool. I didnt think it was cheesy or over the top. They had this whole mafia theme going.
3	I used to LOVE this place. They were small, intimate and amazingly friendly. However - this last time, the service just wasn't that amazing and the prices seem to have gone up. It took us more than 30 minutes to be seated, yet the bartender scolded me for getting the drink special even though we were being seated for dinner.... really?
4	this is a great place to try while you're in vegas and sick of buffets!i found this on yelp, got there, at 10pm too. wasn't sure if they were open, but i went in, and had to press a doorbell, and got the surprise that everyone got! the feel is pretty cool, music in the background, very dim lights, cabanas, they even have a flashlight for the menu!the bread was perfect. best bread i've had! it was so perfect, warm, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside with melted butter. i couldn't eaten the whole loaf!i got their signature pasta with meatballs in tomato sauce in angel hair. pretty good! though i shouldn't have gotten angel hair. portions were pretty huge too!i went late so there weren't that many people, and they weren't that slow. favourites: the breadddddo not want: the prices are actually more on the higher $$ end, $18-$20 for a pastalast words: great feel, good food, great bread!
5	I love this place!I went here for my 21st birthday and had so much fun. I loved the Sinatra singer, I loved the atmosphere! The food was amazing! I would be willing to hop a plane to Vegas just to have those mozzerella sticks again!
4	This place was great!It is a gem in Vegas, food and atmosphere was awesome!We will definitely return...I had the Lasagna and the boyfriend had the chicken alfredo with broccoli.  Both entrees came with soup or salad we both had salad...but they dont have Ranch (which is weird!)Oh we also ordered a meatball...yummy!!!  We also had a glass of their red and white wine...total was like $60.00! A great deal for Vegas!!Try it out!!
4	A speak easy atmosphere with great food and a fabulous lounge singer that made the trip incredible. We had reservations that we weren't able to make on time but.... the great staff got us seated in short time and it was fantastic! Highly recommend.
2	I desperately wanted to love this place. But the food....the food....I don't know if they hated us, but the lasagna they served us was dry and the meatball was disgusting. My fettucine alfredo was too watery and I couldn't finish it because the butter leaked out of the sauce and went onto my fettucine.Godfather was playing so that was why I gave it 2 stars. Oh, and my server was nice.But it was pricey.
5	I absolutely loved this restaurant. Amazing food, awesome ambience and great personalized service. I had the spicy bananna pepper appetizer stuffed with italian sausage and cheese. topped with sauce and served with a side of toasted italian bread. Very good. a little spicy but really good.for dinner had the tortellini and loved it. best i've ever had. i'm going to try to recreate this dish . so good.overall very good place and i'd recommend to anyone visiting vegas and willing to drive off the strip a bit.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at Capo's.  We came on a late rainy day and weren't sure if the restaurant was open on approach.  The windows were dimly lit but we proceeded to the door.  As other newbies, we were surprised by the entrance.  We started out with a bruschetta and salad each.  The bread was really tasty.  I had the stuffed chicken Anastatia.  That dish was delicious and was a very huge portion.  It makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  I forgot what my partner had it was so good.
5	Boyfriend and I were trying to figure out what to eat all night, so we decided to use yelp to assist us. We found this place and decided to give it a shot. When we first entered the restaurant, it felt like as if I was in the twilight zone ride in Disney California adventure (the elevator). we were pretty much boxed in in a really dim room with posters hanging off each wall. We did not know where the door was. Long story short I got scared but the environment was great! Old fashion Italian style restaurant I'm assuming with all the dim lights and wonderful Frank Sinatra type music playing. THEY EVEN HAD A LIVE SINGER SINGING!! That's a plus.      The servers and managers were phenomenal!! **If you expect to be in a restaurant where everything is perfect, please don't come here. The employees and managers do talk and hang around and watch tv..going back to the "more old fashion Italian" style? But nonetheless I LOVEDDD it there. The food was great, everyone had a sense of humor. We left the restaurant laughing which was a great way to end our night.
4	I thought long and hard before I left this review, because I was conflicted....I had probably the worst service I've ever had in my life at Capo's, We had a large party (15 people) and were completely ignored for most of the night.  With that said, I still had to love the place.  The atmosphere here is incredible, I felt like I had stepped into time when the mob ran Vegas.  The food was great and so were the drinks.  The manager ended up taking 50% off of our bill, so they redeemed themselves with that.  I will go back to Capo's and I'm actually looking forward to it!
5	Does not get any better than Capo's. Great food, out of this world ambiance, I am hungry just thinking about it.
1	So...it's been almost a month since my most recent visit and my anger is finally starting to subside long enough for me to update my past review for this place.I should also note that I have eaten at Capo's (both locations) many times since my first review. It had become a place we take out of town guests, celebrate birthdays, and basically go for our "favorites" on "just because nights". I have also recommended this restaurant to everyone I encounter that is looking for a great experience and great meal. Well, that is now in the past.When Valentines Day started to approach this year Capos was the front runner for our night out. We made reservations two weeks in advance and then about a week before we called to add another couple to our guest count. We were all so excited and looking forward to it!! Both people on the phone were very nice and we added to our reservation with ease. We always order the same things when we go and we were looking forward to sharing the evening with good friends.When we arrived we were quickly led to our table. As we settled into our table we realized that a paper menu had been placed in front of us as opposed to the regular one. When the back server came to the table first to fill our water glasses we told him that we were not given menus. He began to tell us that the regular menu was not available that evening and the paper menu was the one that was. I quickly glanced at the menu noticing that our favorite dishes were no where to be found. It was clear that this was a special "set menu" with of course, inflated prices. When the server approached our table we asked politely if we could speak to a manager. Several minutes later a woman approached our table, presumably the manager. I began to explain that we had come to enjoy their wonderful regular menu and were disappointed that in the two phone conversations I had making the reservations NO ONE had told us that a limited menu would be served that night.Ok...breathe....The woman responded not with an apology or an offer of a solution, but rather, with insult to myself and my guests. She said that "we" should have just expected that because of the holiday there would be a set menu. She continued to explain that they had called many other restaurants in the area and that "80% of them were offering the same thing". To add further insult, she then pointed around the room at the other tables and said, "no one else seems to have a problem with it". That was it. That was the moment when Capo's went from my favorite restaurant in the city to one I will never eat at again. My party and I got up and left of course and ended up at another great family owned, Italian restaurant in town where we enjoyed a wonderful four course meal with great wine, fantastic homemade food, and great friends.I have been in the food and beverage industry for 13 years and I was completely shocked by how a manager could treat guests. Also, if you are going to have a "set menu" on a particular night, then fine, but inform your guests. To be quite honest, had we been told during the reservation process of the limited menu would would have just made a reservation for the following night (we were all off from work the next night too and the chance to order all of the stuff we come back for would have been worth waiting a day)
5	I Freaking Love this Place!I've been here a few times and the food is always great, but the ambiance is ridiculously cool.  You feel like you're in a prohibition era speak easy.  The walls are covered in mobster memorabilia.  Last time I took my family here everybody thought there was a Frank Sinatra album playing until I pointed out the singer.Ridiculous
5	Driving up to this place I thought that I was in for a typcial 'mom and pop' type of dining experience.Once inside the first door I was a little disturbed... Let's just say that it was a good type of disturbed.Chicago Mafia-Style all the way. You get screened prior to entering in a rather fun kind of way.Once seated it was hard to admire the appointments. I'm telling you it was so dark that they literally have flashlights tied to the menus so that you can read them. That was kind of cool and romantic since I was trying to be all cuddly with my sweetie (for the night anyway). LOLBack to the review.I ordered the pecan crusted Chilean Sea Bass. It was the best that I've ever had. Who'd of thought that that far away from the ocean would be the best cut of bass one can find? It was LARGE too. The service was spectacular. The entertainment had a old school Italian feel as the singer was walking around engaging the customers while dining. It was a very cool experience.So, if you're in Vegas and want to get off of the beaten path and away from the colon locking buffets.. Try this place out and be amazed!
5	Always good, always unique. Veal Marsala tonight with the mushroom risotto is amazing.
4	All four of us really enjoyed ourselves at this restaurant last night.  The food and service was good and the atmosphere is great.  What a cool place to hang out with family and friends and enjoy a good Italian meal.  We started off with the Genovese Calamari, Busta Cap's (stuffed mushrooms) and the Lucky Lucianos House Salad.  For Entree's we had The Chef with Fishes, Stuffed Chicken Anastatia, Chicken Lucchese and Da Don's Pasta with Meatball.  Several Drinks were enjoyed and our bill was $187.00.  Three of us brought home left over's.  I would definitely give this restaurant a try.
3	I was a little scared at first when we entered the place, or tried to.  The door opens to a BOX.  Then a little window opens with an overbearing Italian sayin, "Ju gotta reserbation?"We didn't but he let us in anyway since it was early.  Once inside, I was still scared.  it was DARK, like a fortune tellers den, kinda eery. We decided to stay and try it.  The service was a little slow to start, but they comped our drinks since they forgot us for the first few minutes. Their specialty drink menu has some GREAT drink combos that I had never seen before. I had eggplant parmesean with risotto and wedding soup.  It was excellent.  Hubby had Spagetti and Meatballs, said it was SPICEY but good.  The prices were EXPENSIVE over $20 for pasta plates, over $30 for protein plates. The singer was excellent.I would have given higher reviews, but i'm not into the DARK lighting thing.  I had to take home leftovers to actually SEE what I ate. When its so dark,  maybe you don't clean so good....who knows.   Brighten it up a bit and I'll be back again and again.
4	Found this restaurant thru Yelp. After reading the reviews we were intrigued.  When we drove up to the building we weren't sure we were in the right place but once we got inside the greeting at the door, the ambiance,  the food, and the service were awesome.would definitely go again and bring friends.
4	Great food, service and amazing atmosphere.  Not to mention the 2 for 1 cocktails on Fridays.  It is dark inside, but that adds to the atmosphere.  It was very Goodfellas.
2	Capo's is a place concerned with the experience. When you walk in the front door, you enter in a little vestibule area with no windows, no doorknobs (that work), and a camera in the corner. A little screen slides open and the guy asks you what you want, kinda like a speakeasy. When you enter the actual restaurant, it's very dark (so dark, in fact, that the menus have little flashlights attached to them) but decorated well. I went there with a group of people. We were supposed to meet at 8:00, but not everyone showed up until about 8:45. To kill time, the few of us who were there decided to wait at the bar. After a few drinks, the bartender let us know that appetizers at the bar were half off. Sounded like a good deal, so I ordered the calamari, which was $14.99. The bill was non-transferable, so when enough of our party showed up to be seated, we asked to close out our tab. This was the first shady part:Bartender: That'll be $10.82Me: I thought the calamari was $14.99?Bartender: It is.Me: Didn't you tell us appetizers were half off?Bartender: Well the calamari is $10.Me: (Puzzled look)Bartender: Ok fine. Umm...just give me $8.We sit down at the table and look over the menu. Everything is typical Italian, but I really got sticker shock when I saw the prices. Entree prices averaged around $24, which wouldn't be that crazy for a fine dining venue, but this really didn't strike me as such a place. Anyhow, the calamari had really taken the edge off, so my girlfriend and I decided to split an entree. We ordered the veal parmigiana, which was $28.99. When we ordered our food, it was just after 9:00. When we got our food, it was just before 10:00. Granted there were 10 people in our group, but we were the only people in the place, literally. I don't know what they were doing, but I can't remember the last time my food took that long, even in crowded restaurants. I don't think I would have normally gotten so irritated, but I had gotten up at 3:30 for work that morning and had to wake up at 6:00 the next morning, so I had been antsy to get home and go to sleep.When finally get our food, I ask for a separate check. I admit, I had forgotten to ask for it up front, but all the other restaurants I've been to in this town dodn't have problems splitting the check up post-meal, so I didn't think they would either.Me: Excuse me, I need to leave soon. Could I pay for my meal now?Waitress: I'm sorry, but we can't split the bill after it's been created.Me: Oh, OK. Well could you please charge the amount of my meal to my card and apply it towards the bill? (I hold my credit card out)Waitress: We can only take two cards per bill, so only one other card can be used.Me: OK, well I know the rest of the people have cash, so I'm alright with this.Waitress: Fine. Let me figure out what your total is.--about 5 minutes pass--Waitress: You're total is $36.xx.Me: $36.xx?? What was the gratuity? I thought the veal was $28.99?Waitress: You two split the meal. There's a $4 split charge.Me: You didn't tell us about that when we ordered.Waitress: It's on the menu. Here, see? (She was right. The $4 split charge was indicated, but it was on the back page underneath the desserts. Since we hadn't gotten to desserts yet, we hadn't looked at the back page.)Me: OK, you're right, but why didn't you tell us about this when we ordered?Waitress: It's on the menu, so we don't tell people about it.Me: So when someone is asking for something and will be unknowingly charged extra, you don't think it's appropriate to let them know?Waitress: Nope. We're not allowed to tell people about it. Me: Not allowed??Waitress: Nope. The owner says we're not allowed to tell people about it.Me: That's really shady.Jen: Could we speak to the manager?Waitress: I am the manager. Jen: Well then can we speak to whoever you report to?Waitress: He's not here.Jen: Well then how does your restaurant handle customer service?Waitress: Fine, I'll take the $4 off.The waitress is gone for about 10 minutes doing who knows what. In the mean time, we're eating our veal, and it was mediocre at best. I would say the meat was maybe a couple millimeters thick with twice as much breading. The pasta sauce was lacking and nothing worth going back for. I gotta say, accounting for the cost and quality, you would get an exponentially better deal at Olive Garden. She finally came back with our check, $31.30, and I paid. It seemed like everything worked out. However, after charging my card, she didn't stick around long enough for us to ask for a to-go container. We waited for about 10 minutes before my girlfriend decided to just go ask for one. She walked over to where the kitchen entrance/waitress station was, poked her head in, and said "Excuse me." When the waitress saw her, she jumped around a corner. Literally. Our waitress ran away. The service was shady and the food was mediocre. I would only recommend this place to someone for drinks.
3	This restaurant would have received 4-stars if the service had been better.  Walking in, the ambiance is super and our party of 4 enjoyed the Italian mobster shtick.  The mobster movies  (Godfather III was on), Sinatra sound-alike on piano and waiter with an attitude were all appreciated.  The food was very good and reasonably priced, although nothing really out of the ordinary.  I had Eggplant Parmesan and the others had the Salmon Special (good & garlic-y), Chicken Angelo (portion on the small side) and Chicken Parmesan.  After our cocktails, bread, and salads were served, our waiter went MIA... hey, buddy, we want some vino with our food!  He hadn't been one of the servers of our main courses, and it took a good 10 minutes for the busboy to get the waiter back to our table to take our wine order.  We ended with cappuccino and coffee.  All in all, an enjoyable experience but we'll probably seek out other restaurants (there's a few in Las Vegas!) next time we're in the mood for Italian food.
3	I absolutely love the atmosphere and decor. Dice dark lighting, red and black colors, chandeliers, good Sinatra type music, very old Vegas feel.However... Im sorry to say that I did not enjoy the vegetarian options. We ordered the caprese salad and the eggplant parmigiana.The caprese salad was ok.... but it was drenched in an overpowering pesto. Pricey! $15!!!The eggplant parm ($21!!!) came out soggy and oily. Way too much cheese! The best thing about the dish was it came with a side of grilled asparagus. All 3 of us at the table agreed that the plain asparagus was the most appetizing.My friend ordered the vodka pasta and the other just plain marinara pasta. They were not impressed either.Too bad... Too expensive. Im sad I wont be back since I really liked the vibe of the place.
5	So I just moved to Vegas about 7 months ago. This is one of the first off the strip places I had gone to. Quite possibly the best place out there. The outside resembles what looks to be some piece of crap shed however when you enter the world transforms into a 1920's speakeasy. From the time I entered to the bill I knew I was going to enjoy this place. My favorite is their chicken marsala it is to die for. But back to the atmosphere, its great maybe a little bit to dark but I understand why. The host looks like he just finished a hit on someone based on his size which gives it more of that authentic look. Best part is they have a pianist on certain days, which can sing some amazing Sinatra. The food and drinks yes might be a little on the pricy side but defiantly worth every penny. The wait staff is great two I have had the same waitress twice and both times she was great the other 4 times I went there it was different people yet still really good at their jobs. I even ended up stay after close on day to enjoy a beer with some of the people that worked there. A++ I haven't been to their other location but I can only assume its just as good.
4	Black velvet wallpaper, red velvet chairs, dark wood bar, sparkly crystal chandeliers, live piano music, door dudes with attitudes, out-of-this-world service, reasonably priced bottles of wine...I totally fell in love with this place. I can't believe I only just now found out about Capos (thanks Yelp!).I highly recommend Capos for a romantic date night or large groups of friends. It's also a reliable attraction for your stubborn Midwestern relatives who refuse to eat hummus and sushi.My husband and I intended to enjoy "Fuggedaboudit Fridays," but Capos said "fuggit" to that happy hour special. But the bar honored the deal because they're cool like that.My husband and I split the shrimp scampi appetizer, which is only about five pieces of average sized shrimp set on top of a bed of delicious bread that's soaked in butter and garlic. It was delicious but a little overpriced. Order it during happy hour instead. By the way, an interesting event happened while we sat at the bar. The mobbish door dudes fireman-carried a drunk man from the front door to the back. I don't know if the drunkard was hired to enter the restaurant that way but I thought, "Wow. That really completes the mob atmosphere."For dinner my husband and I sat in one of the red round booths, split a chicken marsala (I think) and a bottle of old vine Zinfandel ($35). I would have eaten more if I wasn't counting calories. Capos deserves at least 4.5 stars, based on my first visit. I haven't tried enough of the menu to give it five. Right now, though, I favor Capos over Nora's and Herbs & Rye.
2	First of all this place was cool the decor, atmosphere, the secret entrance all great.... but the food not so great. Hubby had the veal and it was bland no flavor whatsoever, I had the manicotti and it was to salty...and for the price it was not worth it. Not even the guy who did such a good job singing could make us go back..... Good thing I had a coupon $20 off..
5	Love Capos! My friends and I went there last weekend and had so much fun. The food was amazing and huge portions. The singer was so much fun and very entertaining. This place is great for large groups (we had 14).Just a fun atmosphere! The only bad this was it was a $20 taxi ride from our hotel but well worth it!!
4	We really enjoyed the atmosphere and it's a nice change from eating on the strip. Caesar salad was very good. I had the Eggplant Parmigiana for my main meal, delicious! I also tried the Mushroom Risotto, excellent!
4	I love Capo's for there food and atmosphere. The place is a little pricey for your everyday eating habits, but great for a special occasion. The set up is cool too. I do however like the one on Tropicana better.
1	Absolutely not the best Italian food I have ever had. Being from out of town (Dallas, TX) this is NOT a very good Italian restauaurant. Very effected by the mob from way back then. And Al Capone pics all over the place? Give me a break......he was mainly a Chicago mobster.I had the lasagna and a third of it was burned and they still served it to me.  I had gas and stomach issues all day the next day. Horrible.
5	This is my favorite Italian restaurant!  Everything about this place was good: the swanky atmosphere, the tasty bread, soup and main pasta dishes were all authentic Italian goodness.Oh and the singer was very charming too, he even dedicated a song to my boyfriend and I.  We can't wait to go back to Vegas to eat here again.
5	Capo's on Sahara is delish! The pastas are yummy and service was great. The meat is cooked to perfection and seasoned very well. The ambiance is perfect for friends or a date.
2	Based upon fellow Yelp reviews, I thought, we're in for a treat! Wrong! Upon arriving, the restaurant is so dimly lit that they have mini flashlights so you can read the menu. I also think the lack of lighting hides the mediocrity of the food. I ordered the chicken piccatta. It wasn't very tender or flavorful. The accompanying pasta and marinara sauce was the worst I've eaten in a long time. The salad which preceded the entree was swimming in Italian dressing and grated Parmesan cheese. This place would have one star, but the service was attentive. The singer had a good voice and was pleasant to listen to during dinner. I tipped him $5 on my way out to show some appreciation for his talent. Perhaps I didn't order the right dish, but I won't be back when I visit Las Vegas.
4	A great experience - we all agreed that we would remember being here. We enjoyed the mob theme, and the singer had a good song list delivered with convincing style. One of my friends knew the words to "On the Street Where You Live," which led to a duet!  The place is really dark, so they attach little LED flashlights to the menus.  Portion sizes were generous. One friend had a simple dish of angel hair pasta with marinara sauce, and another had the same with Italian sausage added. Both said their dishes were "excellent". Another friend gave two thumbs up on the shrimp scampi. I tried the Uncle Pauly's Arrabiata, and as noted in other reviews it was peppery with lots of raw slivered garlic. Caution: you WILL smell like garlic the next day if you order this dish!  Prices were very good. No, it's not the world's best Italian food, but the total experience is very very enjoyable.  From the Strip, it's about a $15 cab fare for a party of 4.
5	I just got back from Vegas and the highlight of my trip was going to Capo's! I will go there now every time I go to Vegas. We had a party of 12 and we enjoyed it so much, we stayed for 3 hours. The entrance in "speak easy" style set the tone for our experince and it lived up to the hype. We found them by a web search when I typed in Mafia Restaraunt Las Vegas and I was sold. The food was amazing and the staff went out of their way to make us feel special while we were there. The fact that they have a seperate smokers lounge with cigars was a blast too! I feel it is a must visit when you are in Vegas!
3	I went there for dinner last night on the recommendation of a friend.  It was cool.  The decor is the way you would imagine Las Vegas in the 1950's minus the cigarette smoke.  The service was average as was the food, but the experience was fun.  The guy singing was OK, but he added a lot to the atmosphere.
5	Wow! This place rocks!! SINNER Magazine had a tweetup party there last night and I couldn't have imagined a better place. The atmosphere, the people, the food, the drinks.... Everyone that worked there treated us like royalty and I would go back just to hang out with them! The food was yummy and the drinks were strong. I loved it and you'll see me there whenever I'm in Las Vegas :)
5	I met some friends at Capo's with no reservations around 7:00 pm on a Saturday night.  I expected to wait some time for a table which just made for more conversation time with friends.  We made our way to the bar and ordered a couple of drinks that were well made and just strong enough.  The ambience was evocative of what I think a "speakeasy" would have  been in the 20s or 30s.  There are pictures on the walls of various notorious pre-WWII gangsters.  There was a gentleman performing karaoke to classic Sinatra, Martin, Bennett and other crooners.  He was, for the most part, right on.  Eventually, we made our way to a booth to eat.  In our group we ordered Veal, salmon, lasagna and arrabiata pasta.  We started with an appetizer of caprese which was very good.  A large section of mozzarella, thick slice of tomato and a good dose of balsamic vinegar.  I would have preferred more basil, but I'm really partial to basil.  Our meals were delicious.  The protions were good, but not overwhelming.  With our appetizer, bread, and soup or salad before the meal there was enough to take home after eating sensibly.  The server was attentive without being overbearing.  Our waters were consistently refilled without request.  All in all a great evening of food, service and ambience.  I look forward to going back.
4	What a cool place!  The speakeasy theme and the decor, a crooner with a piano singing standards - love it!  This is a GREAT place to bring out-of-towners or go on a date.  I've been here three times.  Once on a terrible date that was only salvageable by the happy experience of Capo's, and two other times with my family and friends.  My mother loved it - said it reminded her of old Vegas and her boyfriend, super North NJ kind of guy said it reminded him of old Jersey.  So it's a coast to coast venue?  Dunno, but super Italiano.  Has Godfather, Casino, and Goodfellas and all those flicks randomly on in the background with subtitles.  Heavy Italian/Mafia decor and themes everywhere.  Crystal chandeliers, red booths, cherry/mahogany wood everywhere.  Warning: VERY subdued lighting.  The menus have little flashlights on them but they don't always work.  I've had the tortelloni entree which had a very rich, delicious cheese in a generous portion, the salad with giant meatballs (which kinda worked in a way... a little odd but I can't complain a bit about it), and the chicken Parmesan, which was also portioned very well and quite good.  The waiters are all very slick and remind me of being home in NJ in the way that they speak.  Although my last waiter kind of blinked when I said I wanted hot coffee in the middle of summer at 3pm.  Heh.
2	Great theme. Very dark and romantic. Unfortunately, the food wasnt all that good. The Caprese appetizer was amazing. The rissotto had no flavor. The veal marsala substandard. The veal didnt taste like veal. The chicken angelo was fair at best. I like garlic but the salad dressing was all garlic. Sadly dissappointed to pay 75.00 for this meal
3	I must say I have been here before on several occasions and loved it ; however this time my expectations were so high only to leave me with mediocre thoughts of this visit. First of all I am all about cleanliness , but I could not help but focus on my spotted , unpolished wine glass. My husband tried to get my attention off the topic , but it still was in the back of mind.    On the bright side with a few glasses of Riesling I was able to get over it . Upon our arrival I was surprised by the speakeasy entrance where I focused my eyes on the door I was sure was to secretly open, was actually on the opposite side. This greeting is a fun goodfellas type greeting in a secret corridor. For starters my hubby and I both had a salad -his with house vinaigrette and I chose the bleu cheese. He was quite pleased but mine was drenched in the bleu cheese. Blech! I don't like my salad drowning in the dressing. For dinner we both chose the Scarface shrimp scampi . On the plus side the shrimp was plump and generous in size. The linguine was flavored with a small amount of scampi seasoning , tomatoes and garlic. The flavor was good but it was as if the chef dumped the linguine out and didn't toss the seasoning all the way through. I can eat some pasta but this was like a bland pile of linguine for $25 a plate , I expected more. The ambiance was warm and relaxing. On Fridays they have a frank Sinatra crooner singing old blue eyes remakes. On my previous visits they would be playing old mobster movies but this time it was showing a basketball game. The best thing to make up for my downer of dinner was the dessert! Chocolate cannoli's were Devine,with a rich, cinnamon chocolate coating= tasty!All in all , I still like this place . I will just order a different plate next time, I also may consider going to the Sahara location.? I love the idea and nostalgia Capo's brings so I am willing to give it another visit.  Try it for yourself , meanwhile I will forget about it !!!!!
4	great food !! bartender was fantastic !! appetizers at bar dinner at table . hardest part was getting in but that's the fun of this place.
3	I went to Capo's last night for their 95th Birthday Tribute to Frank Sinatra. I RSVPed for the event through Facebook, and being a huge fan of Ol' Blue Eyes, I decided to have some fun and case the joint. :-) I've been to the location on Tropicana twice before, and this was my first time at the Sahara one.The look of the place is reminiscent of a 1920s speakeasy, which is great for folks like me who love the old Vegas ambiance when the mob ran Sin City. There are pictures of gangsters all over the walls and there was even a vintage 1930s car out front and a little poker room tucked away right by the host stand. People were dressed in their best Rat Pack era finery. Why can't people dress that smartly every day? *sigh* Good-looking people last night, I have to say.But I digress. Back to the atmosphere. There was a lounge singer who sang many of Frank's greatest hits, as well as some other standards. Chris Phillips from Zowie Bowie was in the house (he was sitting right next to me at the bar, but I didn't recognize him at first - he was being incognito). He sang with three other guys who channeled the Rat Pack singing "The Lady is a Tramp". They gave out free martinis and samples of Jack Daniels at the bar. The martinis were strong enough to put hair on your chest, let me tell you. I even ran into some people I knew. That whole part was a lot of fun.The other part that I regretfully give three stars to was the service. It was quite crowded last night, so the staff was swamped because of the event. I was by myself, so it didn't make sense for me to get a table. I decided to sit at the bar instead and struck up a conversation with a tourist from Dallas who RSVPed for the event with some friends who were sitting at a table. I don't know if it was just me, but the bartender seemed a little more attentive to her than me. A little detail that irked me was she had a tall glass of water, but when I asked for one, I was given a plastic cup! WTF??? Was it because the bartender noticed I didn't spend money for my drink? Was it because he liked the girl from Texas more as far as looks go? Because I spent less money than her? (I still paid $35 for my meal with tip, which is a little high for one person). I have no idea, but it kind of bothered me.The food I would give a four and a half. The salad was amazing! Now, I'm not a salad person, but it was definitely one of the best I've ever had from a restaurant in this town anywhere. The bread was nice and soft, but I was kind of disappointed they gave me butter spread instead of real butter. The lasagna was decent, but not great. I should've gotten a heads up from the bartender's less than ecstatic look on his face when I ordered it. He was a lot more excited about Miss Dallas's steak. I would've ordered steak too had I not been strapped for cash. I ordered spumoni for dessert. It was good, but the crust was a little hard.I may go back to this particular Capo's again, but next time I would go with a date and sit at a table during a time when it's not so crowded. I'll give them a second chance in the future to see if they redeem themselves for me. Otherwise, I'll just stick with the Trop location.
5	What's to say that hasn't already been said?! This is as good as it gets for Italian food AND atmosphere in Las Vegas.Needing an excellent date place? You can't go wrong with Grade-A Italian food and a friendly guy in a suit singing Frank Sinatra!My only food-specific recommendation is the bruschetta appetizer. It's a must-order, and I could easily make an entire meal out of it.Two final thoughts...warnings, really.1) Yes, it's dark inside. It's very dimly lit, but I personally felt it added to the ambiance.2) You're going to overeat on this amazing food and need to roll yourself out the door!
5	I LOVE Capo's!  And specifically, the service at the Tropicana location (not to say the service at the Sahara location is poor or anything--have been there too, and definitely enjoyed it.  Jeanine is the gal who makes the difference at the Tropicana location...she is one of the most personable, courteous, on-the-ball servers I have ever met!  I have dined here many times, whether just with a local friend or two, a larger dinner party, or out-of-town guests.  Anyone I have introduced to the restaurant has absolutely loved it!  The dimly lit atmosphere is very relaxing, and the Italian mobster/mafia-themed decor is unique and different.  The food is delicious and the portion-sizes are generous.  I completely agree with anyone else's recommendation of the bruschetta...once you start eating it, you won't want to stop.  Just be sure you have a few breath mints with you if you are planning to go out afterwards, as the garlic in the bruschetta will definitely stick with you for a few hours. ;)Is this the finest Italian restaurant out there? No.  But compared to other Italian restaurants in the same class (i.e. smaller, local, semi-casual, mid-priced), it is definitely among the best!
4	Went in for Happy Hour and this place was great! If you're looking for HH prices on appetizers then request the HH menu from the bartender, HH is only served at the bar. Friendly staff, good portions. I had the bruschetta, jumbo shrimp scampi and pizza from the appetizer menu but only the bruschetta was half price. No biggie for me as I wanted to try some other items instead of just the HH apps.  HH is everyday 5-7pm, give this place a try!
2	Me and my bf had eaten here once before about a yr ago, and we totally loved the experience. So much so, we decided to invite my family to capos for dinner the other day, thinking it would be a pleasant change from the olive garden. Boy, were we wrong. First off, the restaurant was DARK. I remember it being dimly lit the last time we had dinner there, but not like that.  I couldn't even see the faces of the people surrounding me, much less my food.  Im not one to complain too much about the ambiance, but I know something is wrong when I walk out of there with tired, strained eyes.  Plus, I think there was an alterior motive for this dark lighting, aside from an energy savings technique (more on this later).    The service was crappy, or should i say our waitress was. She didn't know most of the plates offered on the menu, and she was spastic and disconnected.  We all asked for water with no ice, but they gave us the opposite. And we asked for a couple of extra things, like olive oil for bread, but they never made it to our table. The food was... so-so. Some dishes were overly spiced.  Parents shrimp scampi had 6 shrimps each, tops.  Lasagna was okay.  Overall it was decent, but the first time we went there, the food was way better.  Or maybe it seemed that way because we had a better experience.  Or maybe seeing your food is part of the experience of enjoying it, and if you can't see it, you can't enjoy it.  Lastly, but most importantly, we are certain that they *OVERCHARGED* us. The bill came close to 300 (not including the tip we gave), and altho we thought it was too much, we didn't fight it because we were with my parents (don't wanna look bad) and we couldn't even read the bill. (again, the lighting issue... maybe that's why they keep it so dark in there.)  After tallying up the score at home, we realize that they most likely charged us an 18 to 20 percent gratuity (for a group of 6? Really?) and didn't tell us. (Lucky them, they got two tips).  But that still doesn't account for the total amount that they charged us, so we think that they probably charged us an extra plate as well.  We will never know, because we never saw the receipt properly at the restaurant (try reading a note hand written in pencil in the darkest corner you can manage, and that was our situation) and they didn't give us a receipt to take home. So in short, poor lighting, bad service, and ridiculous pricing/charging methods will keep us away.  The food definitely isn't worth it.
5	According to the owner, the old chef is at the new location on sahara.  We always have fun at capo especially people tend to loosen up when it's so dark.lolFood is always good, love how they mix toasted garlic and fresh garlic together in most of the dishes.  One of my favorite italian restaurant in vegas especially when I have friends visit from other states.
4	One of our favorite all-time Italian restaurants bar none. This mafia-chic speakeasy has it all baby; good food, quality service and even a lounge singer who's actually really good. I'm a fan of the piccata, parm and scampi. Hell even the bread is good, perfect for any sauce that happens to still be on your plate. And for the guys, Capo's is a great place to bring a date. No matter what your reason for going is, this restaurant provides a memorable and unique experience you won't forget.
4	The service definitely good.I have to go for an second time. Just an good place with good food. hands down.Off the street of Tropicana.
3	A good example of a restaurant that has so much potential, so many positives that it should have no problem sitting comfortably at 5 stars ...but, apparently the whole place, from management to staff, doesn't care one lick what you think about their place.The food is great - five star for sure - but sloppily prepared, way overpriced and presented with an air of arrogance and intimidation.  As if the whole place was saying " Don't you know who we are, were Capo's you ungrateful little punk. Now, sit down, shut up and eat your dinner or we're gonna come over here and make you."Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to get ready for some thick necked guys in really nice silk suits that are going to be paying me a visit real soon.
3	I really enjoy the mob inspired menu descriptions and of course the back door where they let you in. It's a fun place to go once for the novelty of it. The food is ok and so is the service. A little price forthw quality of the food but fun when they play the old movies in the background and have the great singer in the tuxedo walking around. Good place to go on a date if you are looking for a different kind of experience :-)
1	I was willing to give this place a second chance...Last time I go there!!.. I read a couple of yelp reviews..kind of the same experiences..the host shouldn't of had us wait to be seated while he talked to the couple behind us,, they should've had another waitress(especially it being a Sunday night),,food was too salty,,,,and they should tell the customers the prices of the specials, especially if there the most expensive dishes on the menu.. Oh well live and learn :(For the price, we should've went to Flemings. Lol..
4	I've heard so many great things about this place, which made me want to check it out as soon as possible. We went to eat dinner as a group last night and I must say... I am definitely impressed! Capo's provides a unique dining experience, not just your typical place to eat your favorite pasta dish. It reminded me of a very authentic Italian restaurant in NYC, where you are treated as if it's an exclusive "members only" establishment. They definitely provide an amusing dining experience from the minute you step inside the dubious entry. Few things I would change... I can respect the ambience they're going for with the little to no lighting...., but it really was too dark in there. The menus even come with tiny flashlights. I like to see what I am eating, and I definitely had trouble making out my plate. The staff was friendly and attentive. I am a sucker for live piano music so that was a huge plus and it certainly made the evening feel more intimate. Great GREAT GREAT IDEAL place for a date! Maybe not the first date because you can't really see the person you're eating with, but possibly the third or fourth ;). Food is fantastic! As soon as I saw that they offfer arrabiata sauce, I knew what I wanted. I ordered the penne with arrabiata sauce extra spicy (of course) with a meatball, and Italian wedding soup to start. They provide a nice, warm loaf of white bread in the very beginning. I cannot come up with a single complaint on my meal. The homemade meatballs are fantastic, the sauce has character of its own, the soup was absolutely incredible, and the cheesy bread in the middle went well with the meatballs. It may not be the BEST Italian food I've ever had, but it definitely made my top 10. I look forward to going back :).
5	Love everything about this restaurant--ambience, food, drinks, service, lounge singers! I love taking people here that have never been here and waiting for the window to open and seeing the look on their faces. It's a blast!
1	Don't come to this place!!!!nasty food,bad service!!,
1	They lost our reservation, and only tried to fix the situation after we proved to them with the call log on our cell phone that we did indeed call them two weeks prior. We had to stand for 45 min to wait for our table, then once we were seated, I had to wait 25 more minutes for a glass of water. Our party of 6 was automatically charged a 19% gratuity for service that clearly didn't earn it. The food wasn't anything to write home about either. They pretty much ruined my friend's 40th birthday dinner, then did nothing to try and fix it. Nothing was comped. Avoid this place. It was the worst service I have ever experienced.
5	this place has great food and huge proportions. Not only is the food good, but this place is a whole experience. Everything makes u feel like you are back in the mobster days. The servers are dressed the part, and talk the part. I loved it, and would definitely go back. It's a great place to take company. I took a friend from out of town, and she said next time she is here, we are going back to Capo's.
5	Not only is this an awesome theme restaurant, it's also one of the Best Italian food in the Country. The entire atmosphere is a great place to take friends or even on a romantic date. The singer who does Frank Sinatra is FANTASTIC!!!!!  Order the Meatballs to start and you will be hooked. The bread, Butter, Pasta, Drinks, I could go on and on. You should be privileged to even get to eat at Capo's. This is a Legit Wise guy place. If your stuffy or have a stick up your ass or drink your wine with your pinkie finger out, or  you don't like the Italian attitude stay home or go to Wolfgang pucks. hahahaha
4	My wife joined me on a biz trip Vegas in January, an associate recommended Capo's so we tried it, it was a good experiance. I'm normally not much into theme restaurants but I DO like old ganster flicks so this was great. The speakeasy atmosphere is awesome, the service and staff are fantasico! We waited a few minutes at the bar, my odered a martini which she enjoyed. The waiter recommended a steak dish and since my wife loves steak we took him up n it, it was pretty good. We enjoyed the entertainment, a guy singing Sinatra and other old standards. It was a fun, memorable evening. I recommend it, it's a nice change of pace from the buffets and hotel restaurants on the strip.
5	First time here, and thought it was awesome.  The look of the place was pretty cool, I like the speakeasy atmosphere.  I had the Rigatoni Alla Vodka, with sausage in it.  I have had it at plenty other places but Capo's was definitely the best.  The house salad that came with the dinner wasn't to bad also.  My Girlfriend had  Stuffed Chicken Anastatia she thought it was very good, I tried it "excellent".  They also had a singer for entertainment who covered old crooner hits.  I will definitely be back, sooner then later.
5	A-O stunad....  Order the meatbawl and peppas app.  Wine selection... fugedaboutit!        It's gonna cost ya a penny but if you know the guy, ya might get it one the arm.
4	Lived in Vegas back in the 90's and of course now visit 3-5 times a year for gaming, golf some business and of course all the world class dining options this great town has to offer.  Sometimes you get way too caught up with making sure that you stay in particular hotels, or eat in big name restaurants, but every once in awhile you will find a diamond in the rough so to speak. At the recommendation of a local here 5 of us set out to Capos a speak easy type old style Italian dining experience. From the minute you walk in the door you are no longer at the Bellagio, the Wynn but back to the days of yesteryear when old style Italian Salons ruled the Vegas Empire.  A dark type setting with booths, tables, long wooden bar is your ambience with Godfather & Goodfellas movies playing in the background and Bobby walking the room singing your old time Sinatra & Vale favorites you know you are in for something different and with hope special as well. Prices are inexpensive here as all meals come with choice of soup or salad and several drinks at the bar were charged at Happy Hour prices even though it was almost 9PM when we got there nice touch. After sitting we ordered two orders of their meatballs and peppers with homemade spicy sauce and a Chi Town Shrimp scampi. Fresh bread with Garlic butter was fresh and excellent.  These 3 appetizers were more than enough to split for 5.  The meatballs were large not very moist but the tasty, fresh and the sauce very spicy but an excellent accoutrement to this very interesting presentation.  The Shrimp were over bread soaked in scampi sauce. Shrimp a little on the hard side, but the sauce was extremely tasty and very good.Soups and 1 salad ordered as part of meals. Two Wedding Soups with chunks of Sirloin steak were as expected, the pasta fagoli interesting and again very tasty salads were a wet blue cheese that were very cold and fresh. Again all orders quite large and these were included in the entrees.Dinners:  Traffacanti Rigatoni was stuffed pasta with Cheese Procusitto in a creamy Alfredo sauce. Excellent dish but there was no mention on the menu that the Rigatoni was "Spinach Rigatoni" this was fine as I like that but we were splitting up the dishes and it would have been nice to have known.  A stuffed Chicken Anastasia with Ricotta, Spinach covered in a pink sauce was as described and very tasty with a light coating of bread crumb as well.  A linguini carbarnaro with chicken was one of the best dishes on the table, but it had a tough time competing with the Linguine with fresh white clam sauce. These 4 dishes were split to 5 people & none of us could move after this.  Their Espresso, Cappuccino machine was not working so we skipped desert and coffee enjoyed another drink on the house by the owner and listened to Bobby belt out Sinatra. Tough to leave this little gem but all good things must come to an end.  Very well kept little secret that will definitely be a return trip for me next time I'm in town
5	The boy took me here on our 2nd date. I loved the atmosphere. From the moment you walk in the door till the moment you leave the place gives you a feel like you are in the middle of an Italian mob movie. I liked how it was dark in there it really set the mood, and the little lights connected to your menu to see it better. I loved it. We got there a bit late and were the only ones in the place which was fine. The service was exceptional. He ordered a captain and coke which tasted like a glass of captain and a drop of coke (always good). First came the bread and the garlic butter that came with it was what made the bread awesome, it would have been nothing special with out it. Then the salads, I got the house salad with Italian dressing. It was honestly the best house salad ever, it had marinated tomatoes and artichoke hearts on it and the dressing was incredible. I ordered Uncle Pauly's Arrabiata, just the right amount of spicy for a pasta dish. I loved it. He ordered the Alfredo and bragged about how awesome it was all night.
2	I used love this restaurant and would always take out of town guests here. Went to the Tropicana location with my mom and boyfriend last Sunday night and was incredibly disappointed.  The service was horrible.  The restaurant wasn't crowded at all yet we had to wait 20 minutes for a table.  After 15 minutes passed and no server had come to our table we had to go up to the front of the restaurant to retrieve menus.  I love the idea of this place and maybe it's just this location that is bad but the bad service ruined our dining experience for the night.  So many good restaurants in town, we probably won't be returning here.
1	Sorry but I don't know what people were thinking, this was by far the worst Italian food ever. I always trust Yelp but this time it failed me. The salad and bread were manageable, the cuisine was fun, the Dean Martin Singer was enjoyable but in the end the main course just sucked.
3	There are so many good choices for Italian food in Vegas that a restaurant has to have something to set them apart from the rest.  Capo's has come up with a way to distinguish their "mobster" theme.  Guests arrive to an empty foyer with little besides a pay phone and a few framed pictures on the wall.  What is this?  You follow the directions and ring a bell, whereupon a secret hatch opens up and a Jersey-accented thug asks what we want.  After a little back-and-forth the wall holding the pay phone opens to a dimly-lit wonderland of mobster memorabilia.  It's lots of fun!  Walking past the kitchen you see the staff busily preparing the food.  This is pretty much the last you will see of the food at Capo's.The atmosphere is super fun and the food was tasty too.  I would probably have given them more stars if I could have been able to see what I was eating.  The menus arrive with tiny lights attached to aid in actually reading them.  All around the dining room other patrons are using their cell-phones to catch a glimpse of what they are eating.  There is no reason for this place to be so dark.  Part of the culinary experience for me is to look at the presentation and I completely missed out on it at Capo's.  The food and the concept are great!  Just shed a little light on it all and I think they'd have a five-star restaurant.
4	We went here while on vacation in Las Vegas and had a mob night. When you arrive the entry makes conversation for the rest of the dinner. We had reservations and when we arrived we got placed into a huge plush red side both in one of the corners. Note however it is dark in here almost "I can't see" kind of dark. So if you are sleepy maybe don't go cause you could fall asleep. While eatting we enjoyed the sing styles of a Frank Sinatra wanna be who was not at all bad. He was interacting with the diners even singing happy Birthday.This place is pretty cool. We all had a good time and did not have trouble finding something to eat. I choose the Trafficante Rigatoni and a raspberry/ lemon martini thing. Both were very good. They use real oils and top notch ingredients. This is not your local Noodles and Co. But with that said this place is on the pricey side. For my dish and my drink it put me back $25.00. Altogether for our party of 5 it put use back $137.00. So be prepared for that. When we finished we took a few pictures with the chalk drawings and the old school car outside. Overall we had a great dinner and a good experience. I would go here again after saving up some babysitting money.
4	In a city where hype always overrides the final product, Capo's delivers good old-fashioned Italian food in a cool atmosphere and with reasonable prices.I won't ruin the surprise of how they greet you, but let me just say that it sets the mood for the start of a very enjoyable evening. Having worked in Vegas once a month for work this past year, most of the dinners I've had have been very expensive and very poor quality. If you're in town and want to get off the Strip, that's where you'll find some of the better quality of Las Vegas.Capos has it all really. The food is wonderful.... I had the Chicken parm, salad and soup. The parm was great and had a light, but very flavorful, sweet marinara sauce. The wedding soup was one of the best I've had in years too. Too much dressing on the salad, but they make their own dressings, so I didn't care. They make it all from scratch.... 4-5 different pasta sauces are available, in addition to alfredo and vodka sauces.I was eating on a Wednesday night and they even had live music... a very easy listening Frank Sinatra-like. The service was great and the bartender and manager all take special interest in making sure that you are enjoying your meal and experience. Get off the strip and go.... you'll be glad that you did.
5	The part of the charm of this place is the decor and lay out.  As others have said before, you have to ring a door bell in order to be let in.  Its really sets the mood for a fun and unique dining experience.  I found Capo's through yelp and was not let down.  The service was outstanding and the food was delicious.This place is dimly lit with the old school red leather booths.  It offers a lot of privacy and has a very intimate feeling.  My wife and I decided to share a dish as I read that portions are large and plus our eating schedule was waaaay off because we were in Vegas.  We cam here on a Wednesday night around 10:15 and ordered the mushroom caps and the ravioli with a side of meat ball.  The meat ball was very flavorful and tender, the ravioli was huge and had tons of diced Italian sausage in the sauce.  The mush room caps were good as well.Over all great dining experience and is worth the drive off the strip.
4	This is an interesting alternative for people who don't want to go to Maggianos or Buca. I liked the atmosphere, but it was really hot since there aren't any windows and the kitchen is open. I had the Caesar Salad which I gobbled and the meatball appetizer which was very good, as well. Will I purposely go out of my way to go my next trip to Vegas? Maybe not. But i'd definitely return if I was in the area or had a mad craving for Italian and a mob night :)Oh and the bread was great, the garlic butter even better nom nom nom
2	The food and atmosphere were terrific but the service was pretty poor.  It really ruined the whole experience for us.  The server took a long time to even take our order, refused to split checks or even allow us to use multiple credit cards, had other people deliver our food, never refilled our drinks and was anxious to get us out of there.  The place was only about half full and this girl claimed to have worked there for a while but obviously was not interested in doing a good job.  For the money, I'd go someplace that actually wanted our business.
4	Fun restaurant with a mobster vibe. I liked the feel of the Tropicana location better but this location felt more open. The food is good and they have a restaurant.com gift certificate. Very dark so menus have flashlights attached. The service was fast and efficient. Quick refills on my Italian margarita!
4	Same food and concept as the location on Sahara but I like the vibe of this location better - the booths feel more private.  Good food - plenty to share but there is a split plate fee.
5	My wife and I were in Las Vegas for our 20th wedding anniversary and since we are both into "Godfather-like" things (movies, restaurants, etc) we wanted to check out Capo's ourselves.  We had first seen the Capo's restaurant when driving around Las Vegas on a previous trip - so we had it 'marked' (if you will) for our next visit.Nothing short of amazing is what I would say.  The service was fantastic - we mentioned in casual conversation with our waiter that it was our 20th anniversary and before we knew it, we were being acknowledged by the bar singer.  He dedicated a song to my wife and I and it *just happened* to be her absolute favorite song -  Unforgettable by Nat King Cole.  Coincidence?  Maybe - but it really set the mood for the rest of the evening.Either the owner or the chef came around to our tables during the evening to see how we liked our 'experience.'  He carried on a 5 minute conversation with us which was fantastic.  He did not seem hurried or the usual 'How was your dinner' and then on to the next table.  It was yet another very nice touch.When we arrived, the place had about four or five other patrons in it.  We got there about 6:00PM on a Wednesday.  By the time we left (about 8:00 or so), the restaurant was about half-full.Overall, the food was simply fantastic.  We've had lots of Italian food - including Italian food from places in Chicago, and both my wife and I agreed that this was the best we had had.  I highly suggest you try out Capo's if you're in the neighborhood.  It's worth the 10 minute drive from the strip.
3	Visited Capo's on Sahara for dinner last Friday. We were seated toward the front where the bar area is, which was disappointing as I wanted the more formal, romantic atmosphere of the dining room. So I know in the future to request a dining room table.We ordered the antipasto appetizer, but it arrived without cheese. HUH?! How does one NOT put cheese on an antipasto? Isn't that like Italian Cooking 101? The meats, lettuce and balsamic dressing were wonderful, but it needed the cheese for balance. After what seemed to be a communication issue with our server, to where he actually told me that the dish does not come with cheese ... I then showed him the description on the menu which clearly stated "meats AND cheeses".  Only then did he seem to get it, apologize, and offer to get us another. We both had the Pasta Fagioli soup and enjoyed it very much along with the yummy bread basket.I enjoyed Uncle Pauly's Arrabiata Rigatoni with spicey garlic sauce. I also ordered a meatball (really good), which was initially forgotten and no doubt was off cavorting somewhere with my lost antipasto cheeses.  But our waiter fetched me a meatball and I was happy. My date enjoyed his cheesey mushroom ravioli dish, although it seemed a little overcooked and pasty to my taste.The Tiramisu was delicious with an after-dinner espresso to kick my energy level back up to pre-pasta levels.All in all, Capo's is a different kind of dining experience and their food is good, but I was not wow'd.  Would probably return, but not in any hurry to do so, and must remember to request the dining room next time.
5	Was very happy with this place. Great food and very entertaining.
5	Loved it all the way. I'm proud to say I've never been to an Olive Garden or any mainstream chain. Capos is on another level and out of the main drag for restaurants. It's dark when you go in but go with it. Make sure you are hungry or else you won't enjoy anything. The meatball appetizer satisfied my meat craving and then some. The Caprese was also just what I expected, just like my friend's mama's recipe. I had the linguini with clams and I made a mess, scarfing down everything and quaffing down some decent wine.All I needed was a cigar and some strippers.
4	We had friends visiting from out of town and hadn't been here in a very long time.  Actually, we've never been at the Sahara location before.  When Capo's turned up on a restaurant.com search, we figured this would be a good place to take them.  We were happy to find that this location has the same kind of decor, the same speakeasy entry gimmick, but is much more spacious than the Trop venue.  Our friends were very impressed, and even more so when they tasted the food.We had already pigged out on lots of Trader Joe's cheese and a fair amount of wine at our house, so they weren't drinking.  But I simply cannot eat dinner in an Italian restaurant without wine so, even though I was the designated driver, I planned to go for it.  I was disappointed that they've crossed the line to 8 bucks for a simple glass of wine, 10 for Riesling.  To me, these are Strip prices, and this ain't the Strip.  I ordered a glass anyway, but not happily.The food, however, was another matter.  We all ordered different entrees, and each of them was superb.  Mine was the only one that I asked to have made differently - the chicken from Chicken Angelo, since it was unbreaded, and the broccoli and sauce from Chicken Lucchese.  No problem - they got it right.The portions were on the small side, and I was disappointed to see that they came only with soup or salad, and not pasta. I thought I remembered having both.  I'm even more disappointed now:  I just looked up the menu on Capo's website, because I couldn't remember the name of the second chicken dish.  Apparently, they're not updating their website, because in plain English it says, and I quote:  "All entrees served with your choice of Vegetable of the Day, Mushroom Risotto, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, or Pasta with Capo's Sugo, our Homemade Tomato Sauce.  Also served with your choice of Soup or Capo's House Salad."  I think the prices posted are a dollar less than they are now, but you sure get a lot less.My hubby had Chicken Angelo, and the other couple had Parmigiana and Marsala.  Everyone raved about their dishes.  Fabulous food and ambience, a lounge singer if you like that sort of thing, small portions, good service.  But I liked it better before when I felt like I'd had a full meal.Capo's:  put that dollar back on the entree and make the menu look like the one on your website.  Then I'll definitely give you those five stars!!
1	Yuck! This place sucks. The decor is cool and total mob scene but the food is so nasty! Not even close to being authentic Italian food. I got 4 small frozen ravioli for 30 bucks...really? The service sucked as well. Stay away and try Parma or Roma instead.
4	It's off the beaten path and it's an excellent find! It's dark, cozy and has an east coast feel. The Sinatra singer was great and the staff was very attentive. The food was pricey but beyond yummy, so it was worth it. This place has an ambiance factor that you just have to experience for yourself! Go, Go, GO!
5	What an awesome dining experience! My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary and had a truly wonderful evening.The decor is so classic Italian and mafia-esque which my boyfriend just adores. The Frank Sinatra cover singer was very talented and made for easy listening. The dark, intimate booths are very romantic and give off an old Italian vibe. The food was very delicious and reasonably priced. We cannot wait to return!
2	I love the food and the great service BUT I made reservations for my work event (7 people) and the location on Tropicana was closed.  I wish they would have told me this when I called the Tropicana number and made the reservations???We had to wait for a taxi to take us to the 2nd location.  Not a good way to impress the owner of your company
5	Capo's, I loved the mob scene .. The guy singing Frank Sinatra was good, the really dim lighting was romantic, the food was great, my husband ordered us the Chi Town Scampi which was great, Gotti's Chicken Angelo and Capo's Parmigiana both were awesome and full of flavor, neither one of us had room for dessert. The booths are comfortable and really private which I enjoyed... I would definitely recommend this place for a romantic dinner with your mate (:
4	Let me start of by saying that I have been coming to this place for years. The second location and now there only location, well, this was my first visit. The place was larger and decades newer, but I still loved the old location better. On to the goods...Food: Was great! had a few different courses first, and yummy. Dinner, went into veal, chicken, and different pastas and all were fantastic and prepared perfect. Great work!!Service: Not good. the waiter was not taking care of us. Water went empty 4 times ( they only had a small size bottle of water ) and he would not seem to think enough about bringing out 2 at a time? Hello? We were there to eat, and drink, but I had to ask for a second glass of wine, and I would usually go through at least 4 during a 2 hour dinner... not to mention the others at the table? did not offer to take any used plates or glasses and I had to wave over a busboy when the table had 2 empty water bottles, salad plates and appetizer plates. Another issue is that 3 people at the table got their salads, but mine never came. When he brought out the dinner service, I asked him to cancel my salad that never came. His response...... sure. WTF? Really?I will for sure come back again, as I know they are capable of great service.
1	The entrance was the #1 impressive thing about this place, as it is completely a surprise and almost shocks you.  I won't give it up here but it's worth at least getting a drink to experience that part.Greeter was great.Lounge singer was very 70s and campy, but liked him none the less.Food is pretty below average in pretty much every way possible.Bread they bring out is pretty bad and dries out within minutes of being at the table to the point it's inedible.Salads were small, boring and WAY drowned in dressing.Calamari is $15 or so, and is half the size of what they'd give you at Capitol Grille, and is pretty bland and mushy.the pasta tasted as though it were cooked in rancid water.  the chef was nice enough to come out and bring my wife a personalized dish that he eats, and it tasted the same.  we smiled and pretended to enjoy it just to keep from looking like big complainers.  We literally don't complain usually, but her first dish was inedible.My lasagna was decent, but nothing spectacular and the sauce was too sweet (but that's a matter of taste, so i digress.)Desert: It was spectacular.  Try the tiramisu, it is the best I've ever had.  Canolis were great too.  Loved it.Our server was new, and he told us as such, so he was pretty clueless overall, but very nice as well.Bus boys were very attentive.Service overall was above average but the food was just so mediocre I can't think of a reason to talk myself into visiting again.If you go, get a drink, maybe an app, and head somewhere else for a good italian dinner.  For God's sake, Maggianos (a chain) kills this place at the same price point.  You're better of there or Macaroni Grill truthfully.
1	Very bad service, waitress and busboy never around - and it's a very small place.  Wanted to charge us extra for more bread while waiting forever for our salads. Took over 45 mins to get our food (on a Tuesday night). Food was very ver average (even Olive Garden is better) and way over priced for what you get.  Nothing like bad service and average food to make you never go there again.  Try Brio instead (great food and service) for less.
3	It was hard to decide between 3 stars and 4 stars on this one.  I'd love it if Yelp had half stars because I think our experience was actually a 3.5.The ambiance of the restaurant cannot be beat.  I've been to the Flamingo location many times and have always loved it.  I was happy to see that the decor and general atmosphere of the restaurant was very similar.  After being seated, our server took a while to take our order, but she was super friendly.  We ordered the antipasto appetizer, which is basically a salad, but an AMAZING salad!!  It was delicious.  Only problem was that salad came with our entrees as well.  Anyway, the antipasto salad was awesome.  Then our dinner salads came, both with blue cheese dressing, and they were pretty disappointing.  They lettuce was completely swimming in dressing and I didn't have more than a couple bites.  Maybe next time I will ask for dressing on the side.My date ordered the ravioli trafficanti, and I ordered the rigatoni with arrabiatta and a meatball.  His dish was delicious!!!  Unfortunately, we were super full already at that point from bread and salad, we only ate one of the giant ricotta stuffed raviolis.  My dish was...just ok.  It wasn't bad, but there was absolutely NO wow factor.  The meatball was not GREAT, but definitely good.  The dish just looked and tasted like something I could make at home with boxed rigatoni and Prego sauce, and throw in some chili peppers.  Voila!  Next time, I will have to remember to order something more complicated.  I would say over all, the food was a 4.Service.  The restaurant was not that crowded, but our server seemed to be running around like she was completely swamped.  She may have checked on us only once throughout our entire meal.  Before our entrees came, we ordered wine so that we could have it with dinner, but our entrees came and we ate them and our server finally came back and said the bar was backed up and our drinks would be coming soon.  We just told her to cancel them because we were done eating!  I looked at the bar and there were 3 people sitting at it and the bartender just putting glasses away and chatting with the barback.  Then she took forever to bring us our check, and to take it after we put our credit card in it.  Overall, the service kind of sucked.  That would be a 3.So I'd give the restaurant in general a 3.5, but since we can't, sorry Capo's, I have to round down because it definitely was not a 4-star experience.  I've always loved this restaurant because of it's unique experience with the entry way, the Sinatra-like singer, and the ambiance, but this time was mildly disappointing.  I'd go back, but not anytime soon and it won't be on the top of my list.
4	Ok, I read all of your blogs and comments before taking on this experience. Overall I have seen mixed reviews about this restaurant ranging from as high as 4 stars to as low as 1 star. My wife and I went here on Monday 25 Apr 2011 as a pre-celebration to my 42nd birthday. We had a 6:00 pm reservation and valet parked at the location. The reservation was honored and my vehicle was parked right in the front of establishment.We have lived within Las Vegas since 2003 and have roots to the Midwest. I am from Chicago (truly a city kid, Southside, and White Sox fan) and my wife is from St. Louis. Service was fantastic, the hostess was very prompt with our meals, checked just enough to see if we required any additional service however, allowed us to hold a conversation with each other. Ziggy was the manager that night and ran a classy shift. Service is a 9.5 out 10 because there is always room for improvement. We were allowed to choose our seat and the crowd was about moderate size. Bummer that night no live piano, that would have made for a perfect night. Instead we had to listen to various big band, R&B, and top 40 dinner music.I had the meatballs with spaghetti for dinner and my wife had the steak, she likes her steak overcooked. The meatballs were ok, not the best that I have ever had coming from a Black, Irish, Italian, and Germany neighborhood on the Southside of Chicago however, merited a 7 out 10. The sauce with the meatballs was the bomb, 9 out 10. I make my sauce from scratch and my wife and I almost did not get together because the first time that she cooked spaghetti with red sauce she tried using that crap in the jar and I asked her if she was making spaghetti for the dog. Lol now, but was not funny then. The steak was ok, I like my steak with pink inside so to me the steak lacked flavor, but as I said in the beginning my wife likes her steak overcooked. For desert we shared a generous serving of the tiramisu on the patio, I would go back just for the tiramisu. This was better than any tiramisu that I have had in Chicago or New York, I went to college within Saratoga Springs and Albany with many weekend trips to New York City. Overall, the food is a 6.5 out 10.The lighting in the restaurant is dark, which I enjoyed very much. After 10 minutes or so your night vision will set in and you can easily see your meal and the person sitting across from you. Until then use the mini flash lights or the light from you cell phone. The dim light avoids rubber necking at the patrons around you and eyeballing their man, girl, and food. You have to actually look at, talk, and listen to the person that you came to the restaurant with, what a concept. Do not bring a grenade to this affair as you will be hurting. This dime eye candy action. You can barely see the people sitting at the tables around you, all you see are shadows. The true purpose and setting of a speakeasy duh............. This is not some entertainment ride or want to be speakeasy, as my wife said this is the true deal.I found the place very romantic with a little bit of curiosity and mystery. My wife was very surprised by the door hide at the entrance. This made for a fun evening and met my expectations. Though the price is moderate $100 for two (includes one alcohol drink for each, meals for two, and one shared desert) the location, food, and ambience is not equivalent. However, you are paying to be in a speakeasy (private club) therefore, you should expect a higher price for everything in order to keep out the riff raff. If I had to explain that to you before you understood how a speakeasy works this place is not for you. Stick with olive garden or some other franchise Italian restaurant. My wife and I will definitely return to this restaurant with adult friends and look forward to our next trip there. I hope that this helps all and has some street cred for those of you that can read between the lines. This is not the place to bring anyone that is under the age of 15. Even then I believe that company here is best to keep at the age of 21 and older. Oh not sure about the place on Trop but location on Sahara is good to go.
1	The place outside is just plan but  when u go in it's ok. You need to ring the door bell and someone says hey in a tiny little window and you enter from another wall. Place is super dark, they have tiny flashlights on the menu. The bread they give you is hard with no flavor.Ordered Caesar salad (Taste like raw garlic and butter or oil didn't like it) and Italian dressing salad (salad seems old not bright green or crisp to it).  Ordered the clam paste with white wine. The clams was soo over cooked it seem like I was chewing gum there. The paste was cover cooked. The sauce has a tiny bit of spicy which I didn't like. I didn't even finish 1/2 my plate. Took it to go. Hoping someone would eat it at home. nope ending up in the trash. Waste of $23.95  Also ordered the Sausage Spaghetti plus extra $5.00 for a huge meatball. The paste was over cooked again, the meatball was soft, the sauce didn't taste good had a sweet but nasty bitter flavor, and the sausage was just ok nothing special. Chef Boyardee Ravioli is soo much better. Could have bought a few dozen cans.I would not go back there. I wouldn't even go there to begin with but my roommate gave me a gift card. So I went. Should have sold it. Next time going with my gut tells me and not my heart.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!When we went inside, before entering the actual restaurant, there was a room where you have to ring the door bell to enter the restaurant. It took them 5 mins to let us in; making us wait in the cold. Once we get in and got table, it took the waitress 15 mins before noticing that we were here. soooooo the service was a bad. Now the food....We ordered, the scampi shrimp and the rib eye steak dinner. it was OK, nothing special. the rib eye steak  comes with the steak and mashed potato, and THAT'S ALL. I can go to walmart and make my own steak for like quarter of the price. overall, im just pissed at the service!!!!
5	I just have to give Lon L. some love for his awesome suggestions and recommendations. I found this great steal for Capo's on restaurant.com, and decided that this is where I wanted to go.Looks can be very decieving, and you certainly can't judge a book by its cover. From the outside, it looked like some crazy run down saloon. I had to convince myself to go further into the restaurant hoping for more interior possas than the outter exterior. When I entered into the restaurant, I was trapped inside a fairly small room. A small computer printed sign directed us to ring the door bell, and rang the door bell is what we did! Up pops open this small peep hole where a gentleman asks if we had reservations. Replying, "yes" the phonebooth swings open! Just like the good old days when the prohibition laws were in effect, and the booze was sure to be marvelous.A mobster looking gentleman, all suited up, guides us through this really dark restaurant, but even the darkness couldn't hide the small awesome crystal chandeliers, vintage wallpaper, and plush seats! I really felt like I was smack dab in the middle of an episode of Boardwalk Empire! I ordered the clam linuini with white wine sauce, and my partner ordered the veal marsala with angel hair pasta. My pasta was delish! If you're looking for a less filling and very light pasta dish, this would be it! I never finish my pasta, but this time I was really sad that I walked away with no takeout. The sauce was perfect. It was very light and soft, with the taste of the clams lingering in the sauce! You know that they put LEGITIMATE clams in there if the clams were tossed on your plate with the shells still on. NO CANNED CLAMS HERE! I can't really vouch for the veal marsala, but from what I heard and smelled, it is pretty good. It smelled like it had a very strong tangy taste to it. I was almost to tears when I sat watching my partner eat that poor baby cow...HE DIDN'T EVEN MAKE IT TO COW UNIVERSITY YET! Have you no humanity friend!!!!!!!!!Well, to wash those sad sorrows for the baby cow away, we had the bread pudding with vanilla icing for dessert. The bread pudding is DEVINE! Super soft, filling, light sweetness, and very nutty!  I felt like it was such a small portion, but being full I couldn't complain. Its such a wonderful dessert, but BEWARE! The portions are really small. Lastly, the staf was A+! The bussers kept taking out empty plates, filling cups, and making sure that they were accomodating. Ellie our server was very helpful with suggestions, and was really nice. Overall, it was a great birthday date! I had a great time, and my partner did too! It's a great date place, but be careful, depending on what the girl date maybe in to, this might make or break the date. But, I can say that men would have a great time here!
5	I've been here four times in the last 8 months or so, all my friends I've taken absolutely love this place. The food is great, always cooked to perfection.
4	Another out-of-town visitor, another dinner at Capo's.  As before, the ambience and the food didn't fail to impress our guest.I ordered Chicken Angelo again, but this time made no changes to the way it was listed on the menu.  It was delicious, even though the lemon sauce was soooo lemony it made my mouth pucker.  Hubby had Chicken Piccata, and our guest ordered pasta in arrabiata sauce, with meatballs.  He pronounced it delicious, and suitably spicy.On our last visit, I took issue with the Disappearing Spaghetti act, noting that the main courses had been pared down to smaller portions of the meat or chicken, with no spaghetti or any other side, except for the plain-lettuce dinner salad that preceded it.  But the menu on their website still listed four sides to chose from. (And still does today).  I wrote then:  "Put back the spaghetti and I'll give it five stars next time!"Well, they put it back.  But, despite the deliciousness of the food, I still have a couple of nits.  They didn't raise all the prices - not my Chicken Angelo.  But the Chicken Piccata went up three bucks.  Even worse, the Riesling I'd complained about at $10 a glass is now $13, though the house wine has stayed the same eight dollars.  Prices aside, I can do without their live entertainment.  I thought we'd gotten there too late and was hoping we missed it, but I was wrong.  As soon as the singer started his set, that was the end of the dinner-table conversation!  Later on, a pianist played a few songs, and that was nice, since it wasn't loud enough to interfere.I still love this place, and will be back, hoping that it will allow me to give that heretofore elusive five stars.  Dum spiro, spero.
3	2 for 1 Tuesday, I was wondering why it was soooo busy.  I was hoping for a nice romantic dinner with my boyfriend for his birthday but it was crazy busy.  I've been here before so I'll definitely attribute the crowd to the 2 for 1 Tuesday special.  This was not my best experience, it took forever to get anything... The waitress would take our requests (refills, butter) and after she would return to the table, forgetting to bring our request, she would then ask the bus-boy who was very good at picking up her slack.  The food is okay but the only reason to come here is definitely for the experience.
1	Absolutely worst service in yelp history! Its a damn shame because I really love their bruchetta gahhhhh!Waited 15 minutes before my bf had to finally grab the bartenders attention to get our order .. Information passed to us when we called in was inaccurate as to when we arrived .. They told us 2 for 1 tuesday was for anything over the phone and when we arrived they said its only got entrees .. I guess that's one way to get people to your restaurant.. Such a shame. Maybe old vegas had terrible service too .. That would make sense.
2	Went here after a wedding with about 27 guests and they for sure have the "we don't really care if you like us or not" vibe. The theme was pretty neat but it was so dark you had to use a flashlight to see the menu which they do have attached but only about 25% of them work so make sure your phone is charged. We came during happy hour and they told all of us it did not apply to us because we were too big of a party. Needless to say, I think 2 people ordered a $8 beer but they could have made much more money off us if they allowed the happy hour for the last 30 minutes there was left to encourage more drinking during the meal. Food was super overpriced for what you get. Don't get me wrong, it tasted good but I can make a pasta meal at home that's just as good for $20 for 5 people as opposed to $20-$30/plate. They don't split checks, so come with cash and if you want to split a meal with someone expect to pay $6 more.
4	I actually havent been to this Capos but the other one on Tropicana is the same business just different location. I think the concept is wonderful. It has  a old school hide out feel from when you just walk up to the entrance. The food has always been good here and if you catch it on a nice weekend night usually they have Bobby singing old dean martin, frank Sinatra songs. Hes very good. Definitely check out the one on Tropicana.
5	This is how old schooled should be! It was a lot of Fun, Food and Service was GREAT, staff was the BEST.Thanks for a wonderful, enjoyable, dinner and overall experience. Looking forward to returning, This is a MUST for all visitors to see and enjoy. Don't change a thing, it was a lot of fun!! Don Colone would be proud!See you next time,JWP
5	I had a girls weekend in Vegas!! After Capo's being highly recommended by a friend of mine, we made reservations! Although we saw more bad reviews than good here on yelp, we still decided to take a chance! I really enjoyed how you're checked in! Classic! The dark atmosphere was awesome! Everyone who came to our table to either take our order, take a picture, or bring us our drinks, were very kind. Our food was awesome! Everyone of us (there were 5 of us) really liked our food. Our food was perfect temperature and we didn't have to wait long for it either!! We'll definitely be back there soon!!!
2	Cool idea, poorly executed. Guy that seated us was standoffish and left us without menus for almost 10 minutes. Were never offered water. Ordered wine and received one glass that was almost 2x the other one, when pointed out to waitress she told me (I got the bigger glass) that I must have gotten lucky. Hubby's glass was no more than 3 oz - ridiculous. Food would have been tasty if it was hot! Good flavors but lukewarm at best. Same thing for my starter, the spinach egg soup. I wish it was served hot! Also, $20 spaghetti and meatballs featured one meatball. IT SAYS MEATBALLS ON THE MENU. And I have never seen a smaller portion of lasagna. As I mentioned, could have overlooked the small pricey portions if they food was served hot, or at least warm. I will not return here, totally not worth it. And the live singer was just awful. What a tourist trap!
4	I was treated here by my boyfriend on Valentines' day :)Entering the place is very amusing! They definitely take reservations, so call ahead! It would be much better that way! I've heard that this place is actually a speakeasy restaurant, which is very interesting! Since we had a reserved table it was funny to know we had an intimidating body guard by our table the whole night. Oh, the place is really dark. It took awhile for my eyes to adjust.Since it was valentines' day there was a menu special. Came with appetizer, entree and dessert and a coffee drink (espresso I think?)I'm not sure if it's a common thing, but our orders took a long time. I'm wondering if it's used to promote digestion between meals. But we weren't left sitting there starving, so we had alot of time to relax and enjoy the atmosphere and each other's company.There was music playing (godfather's theme 3 times in a row x.x) and a live singer was there for awhile, it was great.Overall, I think the food was okay, the bill was big ($60-$70 for just two people)However I think anyone who can afford to splurge should visit. It's a good experience.
4	Dark, Moody, and the mob! Fun place. Old Vegas. Piano player rocks. Food good. Great service. I would go every night if I could. Hint - there is no password to get in.  :-)
5	So I was doing an Elvis renewal while we had some friends in town and I was trying to create a whole Vintage-Vegas day.  Well, there's not a lot of authentic vintage left in this town, so we settled for fabricated vintage instead.  Luckily someone I know started talking about this place and it piqued my interest.  After further research on Yelp, I was sold.The idea for Capo's is that you are in a speakeasy from the 1930's.  Back entryways, secret doors, dim lighting... it all makes for a fun and interesting atmosphere.  Our friends were especially impressed since we surprised them with our restaurant selection.When you get into the restaurant, be prepared for the dim lighting- they really aren't kidding here.  It was still daylight outside when we got to the restaurant and it took my eyes several minutes to adjust.  But they keep the idea fun and even give you little flashlights on your menu to help you read it if necessary.The seating is posh and comfortable and I love the chandeliers above every table.  The tables are large enough for a party of four (like ours) to have a good time, but still intimate enough for all you Romeos out there.  At 6 o'clock they have a singer that performs old Sinatra songs and the like.  He was a great guy that not only sang well, but also chats up the diners and later dedicates songs to them.  My girlfriend and I had "Unforgettable" dedicated to us.  Needless to say, I felt pretty special.As for the meal, they start you off with bread and garlic butter.  The butter was tasty, but like other reviewers said the bread hardens up pretty quickly.  Not really sure how this is possible, but it's true.  It's not inedible but just not as yummy as when they first bring it out.The salads were great and vinaigrette dressing was delicious.  The veggies were fresh and I loved the little artichoke heart they throw in for good measure (but I'm a sucker for artichokes).I ordered the Vodka Penne and it was so good I'm still thinking about it.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce had a lot of flavor.  I was very happy with my entree.Two others in my party ordered the pasta with alfredo and another ordered the stuffed chicken.  Everyone else said their entrees were good, but I don't think they liked them as well as I liked mine.Our waitress was fantastic- super friendly and checked up on us just enough.  She was also more than happy to bring out a special cake that our friends had made for us and even lit a candle on it.  The other employees we met were really friendly as well.The few cons:-bread could be better and perhaps a couple of entrees as well-for how nice the dining area is, the bathroom made me a little sad-I didn't like walking through a smokers lounge to get back outside-it was too warm in the restaurant- not sure if the air was broken or they were going for the speakeasy atmosphere, but the temperature needed to be turned down about 5 degrees (and I'm always cold, so you know it has to be warm for me to say something)-the food is a little overpricedI'm going with five stars since this was overall a very memorable experience for me.  Between the employees, the singer, the food, and the atmosphere I definitely have plans to come back.
5	Excellent place to go on a date. Food is a little pricey but well worth it. I had the Chicken Alfredo and it was the best Alfredo sauce i have ever had. Plus if you go on tues it two for one. Service was extremely slow but was made up for by good live music. Make sure you make a reservation.
2	We decided to try Capo's for dinner. The ambiance is very nice. It is definitely very dark. I had to use my phone light to look at the menu. They had an impersonator singing and that was neat. We ordered 2 milks and the waitress brought us a cup of half and half mixed with water. It was disgusting. Apparently they don't carry milk. But the waitress could have said that instead of trying to trick us into drinking something that clearly wasn't milk. I went to order an item I saw off the online menu and the waitress told me they took that item off the menu 8 years ago. Really? They couldn't update their menu. It would take 5 minutes. I settled for the lasagna and I would say stouffer's is better. Our bill came to $103. My cocktail the size of a shot was $10. They charge strip prices with a Denny's quality type of food. I was very disappointed. I wish I had gone to Tbones and spent that money on quality dining. The air was broke in 105 degree weather. We were so hot and sweating sitting there. They should close the restaurant until that is fixed.
5	I have to say...Whenever I go to Vegas to visit family I always make sure we go to Capo's. You want to talk about customer service, they get an 10+ from me and my family. I love the food and I am crazy for the martinis. They have a chocolate martini that is to die for. I love the singer he is a bit hammy but, charming and it does add to the charm of the place. The decor is just fun and I think the bread is damn tasty. I don't mind the food taking a bit of time, It takes a bit of time when you're making food fresh. The people who complain that it took a sometime...they  need to go to a drive through. If they cook I;m sure they can relate. Capo's your doing something right, keep up the good work! Mitch L.
3	Okay here is a review on Cappos.  I have been reading about this place on yelp and was so excited to go there. It is a really cool place super super dark , which Is fine, but the darkness doesn't lean toward a romantic atmosphere , it just leads to an eyesore .  There is a Tiny little flashlight on the menu, but you Have to hold The little button down As You look at the Menu so its kind of tricky to read the menu and hold the flashlight .It's so dark you can barely see your food. Okay so I am a pretty easy going person with not much complaints ,  so let's move on to the decor . Super cool looking inside but looks kind of small , we were seated in a nice booth and waitress and host were super nice, we used a 50 gift certificate from restaurant.com which was well worth it . We ordered the calamari with peppers, and the stuffed mushrooms for the appetizers . The calamari was just okay. They tasted like the oil was a little burnt. Now for the stuffed mushrooms. They were really small little button mushrooms that were stuffed with prosciutto and smoked provolone cheese .  It seemed as though if you put your fork in it the mushrooms would fly off the fork and end up across the room  They were okay but it seemed like the chef poured chunks of kosher salt in it. As I did taste chunks of salt.  Now onto the entrees . They were very large portions my boyfriend ordered the carbonara and I ordered the stuffed ravioli. The ravioli was just okay it was cooked with peas and bacon and about 2 lbs of butter. It was way too oily for my tastes . And once more it had  chunks of kosher salt in it . (I don't know why the chef chooses to dress all the food with extra salt if your cooking fresh italian food the flavor comes from the fresh herb cheese and ingredients . Anyway  being that my boyfriend is Italian , we know really great Italian good when we taste it , and overall we were looking forward to a really great Italian meal with great pasta . This Pasta was just okay . It's good to go there for the experience , but not for authentic Italian food.
5	All I need to say is...this place is definitely going to be on my "to-do list" every time I come to Vegas. THEBOMB.COM !
5	We were in town for the weekend and went to dinner on a Saturday night. The whole experience was fantastic! If you don't enjoy themed experiences, or have no sense of humor, you might not enjoy yourself here. It's a little bit irreverent, but totally fun, and very Vegas!We were taken good care of by all the staff, we had great wine, great service and amazing food. Their sugo is amazing, I can't stop thinking about it. Order the meatballs and peppers, OMG, I'm drooling just thinking about it! They had great entertainers, and the personality of everyone there really added to our great time. Would definitely recommend to friends!
4	Over-priced but delicious. For an off-the-strip restaurant I thought they were a bit pricey on certain items and they even charged more for an item then it was listed on the menu. The staff was overall friendly and they even had a guy singing a few songs throughout the night. There were four of us and everyone really enjoyed their meals."The Gallows With Clams" - had been craving fresh pasta with some red clam sauce for a long time and this absolutely satisfied that craving. A bit pricey at $23 but it was a nice size portion with a good amount of clams. (similar dish at Maggianos which is on the strip is only $16)"Mad Dog Marsala" w/Chicken + mushroom risotto - Kacey ordered and enjoyed but way, way, way overpriced at $28. The meal is listed at $24 and the waitress listed off the sides available. However she failed to mention that the risotto was going to add another $4 as a substitute. Way overpriced for one piece of chicken and a little side of risotto."The Mob's Meatball Salad" - friend that ordered it loved it. I tried Meatball and it was delicious."Capo's Lasagna" - friend loved it.Be careful if you order drinks as they are pricey and add up quick.
2	Eaten here twice before, food was delicious, but I hadn't received what I had ordered.  The other night my friend and I had the ceasar salad and tiramisu and were sick in the bathroom for 24 hours... up and out :((
5	I had a great experience at Capo's. The food was delicious and their house wine was one of the best wines I've tasted so far. The atmosphere was amazing. When you first walk in you have to press this door bell and they let you in by unconventional means. It was dark and had the authentic feel of a speakeasy. They give you a small flashlight to view the menu because it is so dark; it feels as if it was all lit by candlelight. The service was good and I went with my boyfriend and he got the singer to sing us a song so that is always a plus. To those who complain about the darkness or the attitude of employees.... you shouldn't go to a SPEAKEASY themed restaurant if you aren't prepared for the atmosphere and workers. The restaurant is pricey but worth it. I would recommend it as a place to go if you are on a date or celebrating with family and friends.
3	Annoyed - my first Saturday night out in forever. I went in for date night, one of the few times I opt to sit at the table instead of the bar. Without reservations, the managerAnnoyed - my first Saturday night out in forever. I went in for date night, one of the few times I opt to sit at the table instead of the bar. Without reservations, the manager
5	This is a great place for dinner. It's like stepping back in time..the way Las Vegas was in the 50's & 60's.,..we have eaten their twice and the food was delicious. I had the gallows with clams and my wife had Vinny's ala vodka.  The entertainment is a gentleman singing frank Sinatra songs. A nice thing is they have a 2 for 1 on Tuesdays for locals
3	A short drive from the strip, Capo's is totally worth leaving the bright lights and drunken frat boys stumbling down Las Vegas Boulevard. Go West on Tropicana and you're there in about 15 minutes.The beauty is in the details at Capo's. When you arrive, you walk into a small vestibule. Soon, a small window slides open and a slightly frightening italian man asks what you want. If you manage to convince him you deserve entrance (don't worry- you will), he disappears, only to reappear shortly thereafter to open the door wide, allowing you into the dimly lit restaurant. The chairs and booths are comfortable. The music is fun and often sung by a guy trying for all his might to be Sinatra. Old ganster movies such as the OG Ocean's 11 are playing on a large flatscreen above the bar. The walls are decorated with pictures of infamous mobsters and the boothes are all red velvet and leather.The food. My. God. The. Food. Take a lactaide before you get there- these people are serious about cheese. And garlic. This is everything you love but know you shouldn't about Italian cusine. I highly recommend the bruschetta (a beautiful harmony of tomatoes, onion and pesto with a bit of a kick) and "The Chef Sleeps with da Fishes" (an alfredo dish with at least a dozen large, tender shirmp swimming in creamy cheesey goodness). This is a great place for groups and families. We had a party of 25 including 5 children and 4 teenagers. Everyone LOVED both the food and the ambiance. There was another large group of about 20 and we had absolutely NO problem with service. Everyone was very attentive with the doorman, waiter, busboy and party planner all coming by to make sure everyone was taken care of. The skinny:Credit cards are accepted.Entrees range from $10.50 for spaghetti w/ meatballs to $25 for specialty dishesSeveral desserts are available for about $7 eachFull bar and good wine selection availableReservations are HIGHLY recommended as the place is not big**Important note: If you have a group of 15 or more you will have to have a set menu, where everyone pays the same price, starting at about $35 p/p. Children under ten are half price.
5	My husband and I were told by our brother in law what to expect, but the people that we brought with us were SO surprised!!!  It was such an amazing experience, from the ambiance to the "true to character" guys hosting and our fabulous waitress, the entire night was wonderful!  We ordered mushroom caps, calamari and meatballs for appetizers, all of which were outstanding!  Our group ordered pastas, steaks, seafood, veal, etc.  NOT ONE complaint!!!  All of this, cocktails, neverending wine and it was less that $100 per person...  Where I come from, this is unheard of!I would highly recommend Capo's to any adult group.  We will definitely be back for more!
5	I was concerned about food quality given the kitschy theme & location but everything was really delicious.  We will definitely go back.  I loved the added entertainment value for the 21st birthday we were celebrating but it left me wanting more.  If the waitresses were in character similar to the host that would be the icing on the cake.  Great choice for a celebration, fun Vegas restaurant or honestly for a great meal. We were really glad we went.  The 21 somethings at our table thought it was a cool choice as well. Just 10 min from our hotel at the Mirage. I recommend asking for an extra sauce on the side.  The alfredo, creamy garlic & marinara were awesome & the bread dips very well indeed.
5	This was one of our most fun dinner experiences in Vegas. We took a cab from the Bellagio and the restaurant seems to be off the beaten path. When we arrived (slightly on the early side for dinner bc we had a Cirque show to catch) the lot was empty and not a soul in site. When we entered, it was dark and the front door was locked so we rang the buzzer. Quickly a speak easy opened to our right and an Italian chap said, "state your business"...fumbling over our words we managed to spit out "we would like to have dinner if you're open". He slams the window shut and minutes later the front door opens and he says, "follow me". We had no idea this was part of their shtick. It was so dark inside that our eyes were having a hard time adjusting. Once they did, we immediately felt like we were tossed back into the good ole brat pack days. There was a gentleman singing Sinatra and Martin songs. The good was great. We ordered Caesar Salad, carbonara, and their meatballs which were the best we've had. Ask about the cooking process and you'll understand why. Great sangria too. The service was incredibly attentive. We've sent many people here and they too all love the shtick at the door as well as the food and ambiance. Well worth the cab ride over.
2	I've only been once but it was enough for me to form my opinion.  I'm not one for kitsch and this place is full of it.  I should have turned around and left when they pulled the door stunt, but I didn't.  Watch your step as you enter too.  This place is so dark you need a flash light to see anything.  Again, I shoulda ran.  Finally got seated and was greated by a server that was gorgeous but i'm am sure was mentally challenged.  Wonder how she got the job?  Because it was too dark to see the menus, my companion asked her if he could have vodka sauce in his capellini (not my choice but hey.....).   She had no idea what vodka sauce was and didn't know capellini was a pasta.  Finally, after a very painful experience trying to order our food came.  It was ok but I couldn't wait to get out of there.
2	We met some friends at Capos Italian Restaurant (their only location now being on W. Sahara Ave in LV, NV.    We loved the other location and were hoping that the new location would be just as good or better.   Please note that we are a couple that go out to dinner often, we like all kinds of food and are willing to pay for great service, food and ambiance.Our journey here began when we went into the private room entrance and we were asked "how many are in your party."    For those of you who frequented the "other" location, this was a first of many touches that are now gone from the "new" location.   We were then asked if we wanted to sit at our table and wait for our friends.  We opted to have a drink at the bar.   The bar is actually opposite the open kitchen which is very HOT and not comfortable at all.   The bartender, who was a very good one, was talking to us about schedule issues for the staff and how she was supposed to be there in the morning and not the evening......etc, etc.    Not exactly a welcoming opener to our dinner.     Our friends showed up within a few minutes and we were escorted back to a back booth in the restaurant.    I asked if it was a good table and was told it was "superb".   Ah, if they only told us that a large party was going to be sitting in front of us!   The noise was so loud I couldn't hear the people next to me talk.   When the singer began his act, the place was way over the top loud.   In the other location, the singer interacted with the people in the restaurant.   This was not the case here.The restaurant air-conditioning was almost non-existent and actually become extremely uncomfortable.   No, I wasn't having a hot flash, I was HOT!   Is this a sign of the restaurant not being able to afford their energy bill??Our waitress was very nonchalant and really not very friendly.    We ordered drinks, and then dinner.   The menu is extensive although no eggplant dishes which was weird for an Italian Restaurant.   The food was just "okay".   We have definitely had better and for way less money.    One of the ladies in our party had a shrimp dish and the shrimp was almost hard as a rock and way overcooked.   When the Chef came around to ask how things were, our friend said that her shrimp dish was way overcooked.   His response, "thank you for letting us know", and moved on.   We had a piece of cheese cake for dessert with caramel sauce and it was worse than store bought cheese cake.     The flavor was simply "okay".   Not great.We did use a Restaurant.com coupon which saved us $30 but the coupon also stipulates that 18% gratuity is added to the check.   I would skip this restaurant and this coupon.    With so many choices for GREAT Italian food, I would definitely avoid this restaurant and try some of the GREAT ones here in Vegas.
5	Found this place on Yelp and since I like Italian, I figured why not?  The first thing that caught my attention was the way you enter the restaurant.  I won't spoil it, but its pretty cool and a nice touch to enter the place.  Once you enter, it is dimly lit and feels almost like a mob bar.  The host was wearing a nice Italian looking suit and the ambiance and decor of the restaurant screams Little Italy, even though it has a tattoo parlor and a check cashing place right next door.Once we were seated, the waitress came over and offered us drinks and told us about the specials which were described excellently.  She left and a moment later an assistant had bread and our drinks.  We ordered a few moments later and the service never stopped being superb.The food came out and it was excellent.  I had the ribeye with blue cheese crumb crust and spaghetti on the side with a caesar salad.  Very delicious.  We stayed in the restaurant for 2 hours but never felt rushed or pressured to leave.  The live music that was playing in the background I didn't even realize it was live until I caught a glimpse of the singer.Overall, I would definitely recommend it.  Whether its for a romantic date or just dinner with a good friend, the place works for either occasion.
1	Had dinner here last night for my fathers birthday and to put it lightly...we weren't happy. The back of their menu even says to state any complaint before you leave and asks you not to be a "Jimmy The Weasel". Red flag much?For starters the food was nothing spectacular and extremely overpriced. I had the "Sawed Off" sausage and peppers which was $22! C'mon now. The dish was nearly all pasta and peppers with very little sausage. My dad had the extremely small portioned "Gotti" chicken. My wife had the fettuccine alfredo and actually left the restaurant saying she was still hungry. Don't get me wrong, the food was okay...not spectacular, but okay.Now I'm not one to complain about a restaurant especially when the food is okay. My family and I enjoy trying new places and you're not always going to have a great experience. However, Capo's had me ready to refuse paying the bill. We used a $25 for $50 Groupon last night and Capo's works the system to where the Groupon is useless. We had 4 adults and my 4 year old son (who shared a plate). With the Groupon applied our bill was $77.77 ($127.77 without). However, the waitress took it upon herself to add $25.55 for gratuity putting the bill back up to $103.32. With the price of my Groupon, the bill was actually $0.55 higher than it would have been without a tip and to be honest, the service we received didn't deserve anywhere near a $25 tip. Once they took the credit card, the waitress even went as far as writing the tip amount on the credit card slip herself!!! Correct me if I'm wrong but I believe that's illegal...Now I realize many Groupon's have fine print stating there will be an added gratuity or something but not in Capo's Groupon. Be warned, this place has other reviews about the business scamming customers and now I see why. They make the Groupon useless by adding their own tip at their chosen amount. I will never return to this place and will contact Groupon in attempt to have these theives removed from their site. Now I just have to hope they didn't steal my credit card info!
3	I would come here again just for the experience, not for the food.This truly is a speak-easy, and most would not expect what happens when you enter the place which makes it fun.The outside looks like it was once a Hooters, that's because it once was ha ha ha. But you can barely tell when you get inside.It is very dark inside, very swanky. I loved it because it was romantic. I wish they had real candles on the table, but maybe that is a city ordinance or because it would make the restaurant hotter than it already was. The kitchen is open (hooters give away number 2) so I think  that is what heats up the place. The menu's come with cute little flashlights so you can read in the dimly lit room, which i thought was a nice touch.I ordered a pellegrino, I was expecting the bottle to be chilled but it wasn't. I didn't complain though. Our waitress was a sweetheart and very attentive.  I ordered the Clams and Linguini in a White Sauce - I believe it is called "The gallows with clams" - It was alright, kind of soupy with no real flavor..nothing I would write home about.My boyfriend ordered the "Sawed off sausage" but took it back. Not really any sauce and the sausage was just a little too spicy and he already had heartburn. He then ordered the "Al Capone Carbonara" - He said it lacked flavor, but once he added a little salt to it, he enjoyed it a bit more. So dinner was "Meh" to say the least.We ordered the "Cannoli" for dessert and that was fantastic! SOOOO delicious.So like I said we would come back for the experience and the Cannoli.. but thats about it. A little too expensive for the quality of food you actually get.Have fun!
3	There are TWO "Capo's Italian Cuisine's" on yelp so I will copy what I wrote on the other page.I would come here again just for the experience, not for the food.This truly is a speak-easy, and most would not expect what happens when you enter the place which makes it fun.The outside looks like it was once a Hooters, that's because it once was ha ha ha. But you can barely tell when you get inside.It is very dark inside, very swanky. I loved it because it was romantic. I wish they had real candles on the table, but maybe that is a city ordinance or because it would make the restaurant hotter than it already was. The kitchen is open (hooters give away number 2) so I think  that is what heats up the place. The menu's come with cute little flashlights so you can read in the dimly lit room, which i thought was a nice touch.I ordered a pellegrino, I was expecting the bottle to be chilled but it wasn't. I didn't complain though. Our waitress was a sweetheart and very attentive.  I ordered the Clams and Linguini in a White Sauce - I believe it is called "The gallows with clams" - It was alright, kind of soupy with no real flavor..nothing I would write home about.My boyfriend ordered the "Sawed off sausage" but took it back. Not really any sauce and the sausage was just a little too spicy and he already had heartburn. He then ordered the "Al Capone Carbonara" - He said it lacked flavor, but once he added a little salt to it, he enjoyed it a bit more. So dinner was "Meh" to say the least.We ordered the "Cannoli" for dessert and that was fantastic! SOOOO delicious.So like I said we would come back for the experience and the Cannoli.. but thats about it. A little too expensive for the quality of food you actually get.Have fun!
2	the best tiramisu i have had outside of italy, but the service was horrible! our waitress couldnt be bothered and then we were over charged. we waited to talk to her about out the bill, but she never came back. if i lived in vegas i would have gone back to talk to the manager.
3	First, the main reasons they didn't get 4 stars... it was so dark in there, we couldn't see where we were walking nor did their tiny flashlight work well on my menu, its battery was dying and it wouldn't stay lit.  Also, we were seated right next to the singer and, while he was good, it was rather intrusive to be so close to him.  Lastly, while the food was good.. it wasn't stupendous.Now, for what we liked.. the ambiance (other than the lighting) was good.  Service was great.  Food was good.  Prices seemed reasonable.  And.. the singer was staying in key most of the time.We ordered the antipasto - rather excellent.  Our salads (with italian dressing) were boring afterwards, a bit too much lettuce since the antipasto was a salad also.  The bread was good, but they were stingy with the butter.  My entree was "The Chef Sleeps with the Fishes", a shrimp fettucine that I liked.  Hubby's entree was "Angels with Dirty Faces", angel hair pasta with pepperoni, peas, mushrooms & pink sauce.. also good.  We had enough leftovers for a couple more meals also.Would we return?  Sure.  Would we get all quivery with anticipation for returning?  Nah.
4	I loved the ambience of this place.  Walking up, I thought my boyfriend was trying to take me to a strip joint because there are no windows on the building. Who doesn't love being greeted with "you got any weapons on you?" When walking into a restaurant?The food was decent, but the real draw of the place is the ambience and the nightly entertainment.  I didn't care much for sitting next to a couple of rude drunks insulting their "dates" culture all night, but Capo's can't be blamed for that. I will definitely return the next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I think Capo's deserves a 2.5 because of originality, but since the stars won't allow, and due to a big-time let down and poor quality, I'll round down.My Dad was in town for his 60th Birthday and he wanted Italian food for a less than outrageous price.  We can be pretty picky with Italian food considering we are Italian, and the fact that we come from where Italian food is actually good (NY,Philly,NJ).  He suggested Maggiano's because we know to expect good quality.  I didn't want to take him to a chain though, I wanted him to have something he could only get in Vegas, so I did my homework on Yelp, and Capo's seemed like the right choice.  A choice I ended up regretting.No horror stories here, but as you will read, the service and food quality just weren't there, the only thing good was the atmosphere.Upon arrival the entry and speakeasy theme was pretty cool.  Would have been cooler without a sign that said credit cards were currently not accepted, cash only.  But still pretty cool.Inside, the very dark environment with mafia decor and old Italian Resaurante style kept me looking around.  And an the old Vegas style lounge singer was belting out the Sinatra hits in a voice slightly better than my own (this is not a compliment to my voice).From here it just goes down hill.There was a half hour wait even though an entire room of tables was wide open, not being used.  I didn't realize we'd need a reso being it was a Tues night during the off-season and the place being in a hole in the wall off the beaten path.  Perhaps this was still my fault.The service was bad.  Friendly enough, sure.  But we didn't get the water we asked for, and even after ordering we never got a basket of bread until such a long time went by that we waved down the waitress and begged for bread and water.  Then the bread came, and had I not been starving, I would have tossed it in the garbage.  This was possibly the worst bread I have ever tasted.  Is it possible for bread to be that bad?  Apparently it is.  Not just bad, but terribly stale.  I gobbled up the chewy, stale loaf anyway because I was so hungry from waiting, nearly ripping out teeth in the process.The main course eventually came and it was all sub-par.  Edible, yes.  In an Olive Garden quality kind of way, maybe a bit worse.  The fettuccine alfredo seemed like it was straight outta the TV dinner box.  The added shrimp were a nice size.My Dad got ravioli's in a red sauce with meatballs.  Again, just edible.  Especially since we were starving.  But a very generic taste all around.  I honestly felt embarrassed that I brought my Pop to eat this.This is not a true Italian place.  It is a gimmicky eatery that makes it on its speakeasy theme atmosphere.  If you have ever had real Italian food, the taste of this food will be a total let down.
1	Came in for lunch.  It was Tuesday.  Staff was busy prepping for tonight 2 for 1 special so the place was not busy, but staff was.  Fine, that was explained to me.  I expected a lunch menu pricing.  NOPE! Fugettaboutit! Nothing less than $8.95 for a burger.   I paid $10.95 for what was supposed to be meat/sausage lasagna and I expected a fairly good portion.  What I got was a small square 3x3 in of cheezy layers of noodles swimming in sauce. Very little meat, NO bread, no garlic knots... nothing.  I ordered take out, but really I felt it was way over priced for what I got.  Should have been offered bread to sop up the sauce and to stretch out the meal, cuz I sure didn't get enough food.  Won't be going back!
1	We have been to Capo's several times.  We have loved the food and experience but this past week we took a group of work associates to the restaurant and our feelings have totally changed.  We established a group menu and price per person prior to going to the facility.  When it was time to get the bill I was presented a check with a mysterious room charge I was never told about, a price that was $5.00 more per person and a total head count that was 6 more people then were dining (our head count was exactly what we reserved).  I pointed the errors out to our server and she told me the manager who arranged the menu was out of town and she, as the server, could not make any changes to it.  I informed the server I refused to pay the ridiculous over charges.  We spent about a half hour going back and forth (while our paid limo was waiting outside).  I had to go out to the limo, get my phone, and sort through deleted emails to show her that the bill was wrong.  Finally she agreed to reduce the charges.  I have no problem with a manager going on vacation but at least have someone present who can make a decision to correct a wrong!  We will NEVER be going back her again!
5	I really loved this place.  I have been driving by it forever and thought it was just some junky poker bar.  I saw the reviews on Yelp and was surprised at how high the reviews were given my impression of the outside.  The bf and I were looking for a happy hour spot and Capo's came up.  Remembering the positive reviews I decided to give it a shot.  The inside of the restaurant is beautiful.  Very romantic with live music.  Now I get it that it is consistent with a prohibition bar, mangy on the outside, luxurious on the inside.  The bar manager was very helpful in terms of ordering suggestions.  We were there at happy hour so sat at the bar and enjoyed 1/2 off appetizers and the bf had a few 1/2 off drinks. There is a lot to see in this restaurant.  We watched the bar manager argue with the musician to sing more and drink less, the kitchen is open and watched all the food being prepared and the cooks talk back and forth between each other and wrangle over each other to get the food cooked, and watched the matre d' yell at people in the "secret entrance" about coming in.  Had we been sitting in the dinning room we would have missed all this.  And this may not be for all people, but we loved it.  I am so over personality-less drones asking me if I have ever tried their world famous chicken poppers, or something to that effect.  We got there around 5pm and it was pretty slow, by the time we left at 7pm the place was packed.  It turns out that we were there on Tuesday which is there 2 - 1 Tuesday, 2 entrees for the price of 1.  The bf and I decided to come back on another Tuesday to try the entree menu.  The only downside was that we ordered deserts to go, the bf got a red velvet cheesecake and I got the bread pudding.  I don't really like either cheesecake or red velvet (both are highly overrated as far as I'm concerned), but I did try a bite of his and could appreciate it.  Unfortunately the bread pudding was a fail.  It was more like cinnamon french toast, not really what I wanted.  I still won't reduce a star for that though, I just won't order it again.
4	Now Ive never been to this location, but the original venue closed down. It disappointed me because the very first location was entertaining & classic. I know this place has live music too though. This fun mob italian place has huge portions! The people are nice & seem to know their menu. My pasta was delicious with lots of different italian toppings. Calamari plate itself would be good for 4 people. My boyfriend & I's bill was also good enough for 4 people (or more) LOL. The bread's butter is the best butter ever. It's like a honey butter. Also, beware of strong alcoholic drinks! I recommend this place if its anything like the old venue (Tropicana & Jones). It's a nice get-away from your stereotypical, Italian , mainstream restaurant.
5	Food was some of the best Italian we've ever eaten! Service was top notch, atmosphere was awesome, the singer was really cool, and he'd come talk to you at your table between sets! He also takes requests! We will definatly be back!!!
4	Let me praise this place first and foremost for it's customer service. The one thing I'm always impressed by is when you have a large group of people, and they provide excellent customer service. We had a group of 11 people and only 1 waitress. She was awesome and amazingly attentive the entire time. I was very nervous because my boyfriend's grandparents are obsessed with Italian. I never recommend places that I haven't been to, but all of my friends that I trust had recommended it to me. I'm so glad I made the choice! Everyone loved everything they got, and the best in my opinion was the Chicken Marsala. Most of us passed around our dishes to try everything out, and there wasn't one thing I didn't like. I do love Italian, and I have been very picky on the places that I like. I'm not a fan of chain restaurants. I just feel they're all the same and generally the same "OK" type of quality of food. There are a few exceptions, but I usually shy away from these places. I see people on here complaining about the prices. I feel that the prices are very reasonable, and here is why - The dinners come with bread, soup or salad. They give you large portions (even though I typically appreciate smaller portions so I don't over eat.)They have live entertainment, I'm sure it's mostly in the evenings. The ambiance and the experience. It's cute and "mob" style. The service. I always pay attention to the service and the service around me, and everyone seemed very content. The singer and the manager even thanked us for coming in and dining with them. People need to take in account for everything, not just the prices, especially if it's worth the prices and it's good food. I know it may not be consistent across the board for everyone, but I had an awesome experience. Go to their website, look at their menu before you go. It's definitely recommended for anyone who enjoys something different than the norm.
1	I was at this restaurant last night, and I have to say, for the second time, it didn't impress me.  And I will have to disagree with Ashley P.  We had a rather large party, dinner was supposed to be at 8:00PM. Unfortunately, some of the party arrived about 8:20, so we had been sitting for 1/2 and hour waiting for other half of party.  Meanwhile, I could not even get a glass of water.  No bread. No waitress.  Even after rest of party arrived, I sat there for about 25 minutes until I flagged down a waitress and asked if we could please start ordering since its almost 9:00 and I have to get up for work.  She looked surprised.  I'm not sure how long she thought we were going to sit there before ordering. My husband ordered lasagna, as did 2 others.  When it came, it was cold. Hot plate, cold food.  When my husband told the waitress, she picked it up and said "well the plate is hot!"  That is not how you treat a customer paying 23.00 for a piece of lasagna.  I'm sorry, but Maggianos service is 100% better, food is cheaper, and more of it, as well as it tastes better.  The penne that I had tasted like it was rinsed with dirty sink water.  Perhaps if it wasn't as pricey as it is, I would not be complaining as much.  But with those prices, the service should be way better. I will not go there again, nor advise anyone else to.
2	Capo's was an interesting experience. It was difficult to find the door to enter, and when you do your greeted with who's there in pure wiseguy fashion. A secret door is opened. The place is dark, you get mini flashlights to look at the menu. The menu online was not the same as what we were given. Service was so slow, maybe the service staff congregating. Thanks to the busser/ service assistant for at least refilling our drinks and replenishing our bread. The kitchen that is in sight of the tables lack a sense of urgency needed to provide a speed of service to turn the tables, maybe that explains the manager/host seemingly stressed out whisking in the dining room and out again with no purpose but to see we were all hungry staring about and doing little about correcting it.Food was enjoyable portion size smaller than that of most Italian restaurants I have visited. It stopped me from over eating and feeling stuffed, so I was okay with it. Service was slow to pay, watching your server having drama with staff, the bartender going off about something, I now understand why it  is kept so dark. I would go again, but not for a dressed up celebration dinner. Maybe take out because service was so slow.
5	My husband and I went to capos on a whim while staying in Vegas. We wanted to go somewhere fun without paying an arm and a leg, and Capo's didn't disappoint. It looks a little weird on the outside, and I was not optimistic but I couldn't have been more wrong. As soon as we got inside, the entire atmosphere shifted and we were standing in a beautiful restaurant with chandelers, high back booths, and Frank Sinatra surrounding the bar. The food was delicious, and the staff was so fun and helpful. We had a great time at Capo's and would absolutely return!
4	I was pretty impressed with Capos. I took my Mom there on a sunday night at about 7pm. There was no wait. The place is cool, its very dark and it is kind of like a old speak easy. Definitely a good idea for a restaurant.We started with the "Bust a Cap" Mushrooms. They we're really good. Definitely unique flavor. For my entree I had lasagna with a meatball on the side. Definitely some of the better lasagna I've had. The marinara is clearly homemade. It had really good flavor. The meat ball was good to. Mom had some kind of chicken dish with a side of risotto. The risotto was unreal. It was so good. It had a strong flavor or garlic and cheese. It was awesome.Overall it was a very good experience. The service is top notch, but it is slower than a chain restaurant. They give you a little bit of time to take in the experience. I definitely will be back.
5	Fun, themed atmosphere! Great food! The bruschetta was unique, but tasty. I had the chicken anasazi (sp?), it was delicious. The risotto was just okay though. Excellent customer service.
4	There food is soo good!! The staff is really nice, and the piano player/entertainer is great also. Has a great atmosphere, really kind of "old School", but in the best possible way!! I highly recommend this place.  One of the best Chicken Parms I have ever had. I really can not say enough good things about this place!!The only bad point is the darkness and the flashlights on the menus, but that is part of the atmosphere so it is not that big of deal for me.
5	This restaurant now is on my "must visit" list for Vegas aficionados.  I went as part of a group of 5 this past weekend and was thrilled by the experience.  From the time you knock on the door to enter the restaurant, you feel like you have been transported back to someone's dream of old Vegas, complete with dark lighting and a Frank Sinatra-style crooner.  The food is much better than it needs to be for a theme restaurant like this one.  (I would give the food 3.5 stars by itself.) Everyone enjoyed their meal, and the enormous meatballs were a big hit.  The singer engaged the audience in his performance and even invited a couple members of our party to sing along with one of the songs.  He also took the time to talk with people at various tables in between songs.  If you haven't been to Capo's, I highly suggest that you check it out.  I plan on bringing all future out-of-town visitors to this gem of a restaurant.  The prices seemed reasonable, too.  If you go Sunday-Thursday, you also can buy a certificate on restaurant.com and get $50 worth of food for $25.
5	THIS PLACE IS FANTASTIC!! Everything about it, especially the food!!  It is a must try!!  I can't wait to go back and take all my friends there!!  It's hard to even get a reservation there, it is so busy there!  That should tell you something!! You need to know the password to get in too....it was "meatballs" when I went. Maybe because they have the best meatballs in the city, hands down!!!!Love this place, I am making it my Sunday tradition!!
4	This is a good place if you are tired of the typical restaurant atmosphere.  Their whole theme is based on the Italian mafia... When you walk in you have to ring the door bell and someone will answer in a small window. its a pretty nice experience.. the inside of the restaurant is very dark and very " mafia" like... the food is decent but the best part is that  they always have someone signing during the weekends.
3	Food was really good. Prices were a bit high. It was dark inside; hard to read the menu. Things were going great until the bill came. They wanted to take my Dad's ID with them to swipe the credit card. We disputed this strange policy because of identify theft dangers. The manager gave us a hard time, but really do they NEED to take the ID and the CC? It felt a little shady; I have never had this happen before while dining out. It took a little arguing but the management conceded. They should change this policy, it rubs customers the wrong way. Not sure if I would go back.
5	Great experience.  Everybody should at least visit this place once.  A reservation is a must as we went on Christmas Eve and they were very busy but able to work us in with only a short wait.  We had an excellent waitress.  The food was great. The meatballs are a must.  We really enjoyed the singer and atmosphere.  Will definitely be back.
4	I'm writing this review after the third time we have eaten dinner here. I can't say enough about the food, it's fantastic and made fresh to order. One of the best red sauces I have ever had! I asked them to make one of my favorites, chicken cacciatore, which isn't on the menu and they happily oblige. My wife gets the chicken marsala which she just loves. The ambiance is romantic, quite dark and always a lounge singer. The service is friendly, a little slow when they are busy but then again you don't come here to be in a rush. Always make a reservation and you can usually save a little money by finding their Restaurant.com or Groupon deal. Trust me on this one and give it a try, be better than the olive garden!
5	Food here is Excellent. I first started coming to this place with a wine meetup group on Thursdays and found out they have a great happy hour. Then they added a new brunch on Sundays and now they have me hooked! On sundays they offer 3 different types of eggs benedict and my personal favorite is the Oscar with Crab Cakes! I had dinner here recently as well and we had the two specials that night which were Halibut and a Filet. Both totally met expectation. Service is always impeccable, we'll be back again soon for sure.
1	First off its hard for me to write a review so negative about a place I've been and have had wonderful past experiences at, unfortunately over the years Capos has gone down hill.  My 72 year old aunt from Boston and her brother and sister who not to mention are iTALIAN and know there food, figured this would be the best place to dine in.   Of course the whole "gangster mob" theme is entertaining but the lighting is way too dark! Especially since we had three people over the age of 60 and eyesight is not great to begin with.When we got inside and got to the table to order drinks the table broke. understandable that accidents happen but we didn't get our drinks until the table was fixed which was 15 min later and not to mention the table was never fixed but we were moved.  They moved us into a whole  different side of the restaurant which was secluded from the dining area  which in some cases would be nice if your on a date but not in this situation.  My grandparents were so short they could barley see over the table top. We got our Cesar salads and it was so drenched with salad dressing and soggy it was unbearable to eat. We Ordered another salad with dressing on the Side and that couldn't even be done right.  So we all ordered the veil parm and to start off  it tasted more like a flattened piece of chicken. Did not get a choice of pasta it was strictly spaghetti and extra cost if you wanted a different style. They pretty much had it pre made and under a heat lamp waiting to be served. The spaghetti was literally only 4oz.  I asked to return the dish and the waitress said no it can't be done and instead brought me a dessert.  I had told her I did not eat dessert and she had said to me sorry that's all you can get.  All I wanted was my $30 refunded off my bill.  Needles to say we had spent $60 on a groupon and our bill came out to $200 so it's not like we were getting our meal for free. So I don't think that anyone should be treated different for having a coupon.   It was sad to see such horrible service at a place with such potential, maybe it was because they were just too busy and overwhelmed.  But this visit was not enjoyable and would not recommend to any of my friends at this point.
1	Its setup like a speakeasy. That's a cool gimmick. I have to say, the food was pretty terrible. The tomato sauce is the oddest tasting tomato sauce I have ever had. The sangria was good.  I'll never go again.
5	Came by for lunch so I could use my groupon -$25 to burn. Here's how it went down:Chicken parm sandwich, but without the bread. IT WAS HUGE! Two massive chicken cutlets enough to function as an entree. It ended up being two meals for me. It comes with fries or chips, but server was nice enough to sub in a big garden salad for me, with their addictively-tasty Italian dressing. Ordered a meatball with the salad (salad + meatball equated to my lunch there, rest of the order was to-go). The last item was the lasagna. Again, two meals from it. Everything delicious and would definitely re-order again, all of it. So check out the math: For $25 groupon (paid $12): man-sized meatball, salad, chicken parm, lasagna = 5 single-person meals. And it was all delicioso!
5	Wow what a great place! Definitely a must GO! Great place for a date night. They have someone singing live music which makes a very romantic atmosphere. Make sure to make dinner reservations and allow at least 2 hours for dinner. Money saving tip: Tuesday is 2 for 1night. You can also find a discount on restaurant.com.
4	The atmosphere is great. The dimly lit room, red leather booths, and  flashlights to read the menu add to the old school supper club feeling. We enjoyed the singer doing Sinatra songs while walking aound the room. The food is very good with the portions being enough to fill you up. Consequently we did not have room for dessert. The chicken picata with garlic mash was excellent as well as the veal picata with mushroom risotto. The only downside to the food was the crusty bread was dried out on the inside.The night of our visit the service could have been better. First our server did not offer us water. She seemed to disappear for a while and we had a hard time flagging down another person to help us. The restaurant was full. There was a group of about 20 people at one table. They could have had more servers. Resolving these items will add other star.
5	I love this place!Me and my boyfriend came here because he loves Italian food, and he's very picky.First impression, I didn't know what to expect. I'll leave it at that, because it's honestly better to experience it first hand. Inside the decor was nice, dim lit but romantic. The ambience was like old-school Vegas, like what you would see in those old gangsta mob movies. I really enjoyed it. There was a guy who sang old school Vegas songs. I was in love, with the ambience, food, and my partner. It was pure magic. I would like to come here again. Hint, hint to my boyfriend. lol ;)
4	I have been going to this place for years, and I love it! From the live music to the unique atmosphere, this restaurant is a must for a date night or even the beginning to a night on the town. The prices are equivalent to that of a certain major Italian restaurant chain but the food and atmosphere are so much better. They do old school Las Vegas in a very classy way. This is definitely one of my most favorite restaurants in the Vegas area. This place would also be suitable for bringing guests that are from out of town.
3	It was a great atmosphere - complete with prohibition style decor, great actor/servers, and a good lounge rat pack singer.  But the food left something to be desired, especially at the price tag. A lot of patrons seemed to be using groupons, which helped on the price.  But the menu seems to adjust to this by increasing the price.Great decor, high prices - but no better food than your average Italian eatery.
3	My Girl and i loved the setting, ambiance and old school gangsta theme. BUT the food was just not up to par. Soup was way too salty, and pasta dishes were meh... And we really wanted to like the food because it was a unique fun experience. Maybe just getting drinks there would be all what we do there next.
3	My husband purchased a Group-On for this place, so we decided to have dinner here during our visit to Vegas.The atmosphere and the service were good, however, the food is just ok. I ordered the shrimp scampi and my husband ordered steak and spaghetti.  He says that he likes Olive Garden better. LOL.
1	Saw this place on TV and had good reviews so we wanted to check it out. We didn't have a reservation but got straight in , we had a 10 year old with us so they sat us in a side room closed off from the main part of the restaurant that had plenty of tables available. This was a let down considering we could hear the entertainment of live singing and music and everyone enjoying it while we were stuck in a extremely dark boring room watching the dishwasher through an open curtain. Apparently there not big on having kids in the establishment. It took our waitress about 10 min to take our drink order and then an additional 15 to come back to take our food order. We got our soup and salads shortly after which were not impressive at all but we were looking forward to our entrees...... 50 minutes later we were still sitting there in the dark with one other table with kids bored out our minds and starving. We asked our server how much longer it would be and were told "2 minutes",  ten minutes had gone by and the table aside of us who got there well after us received there meals first which were steaks and pastas! Obviously we were extremely frustrated at this point and told another server who was trying to pacify us by saying our food was coming out now that we were done with the situation and leaving. We offered to the manager to pay for our sodas and soups/salads and he treated us very rudely as if we were the problem saying our food was coming out in 2 minutes! We explained to him our frustration and he acted as if he could care less, he told the owners brother the situation n they both kept there backs turned to us not giving us an answer to how much we owed, they finally told us not to worry about it. In no way shape or form did they try to make our experience better or make up for the fact that our order had been placed literally over an hour ago n we had yet to receive our meal. We will never return!
1	Atrocious service. My trip here led to a shouting match with the manager. We purchased a groupon for a party of four. The other couple cancelled, and the restaurant manager refused to honor the groupon, even though it would have resulted in us spending more money than we would have.Apparently they are all good on cash here, so don't bother giving them any of yours. Never had a worse dining, or in this case a "not-dining" experience in my life. Can't wait to see this place turned into more parking lot. Their terrible management is going to make that happen sooner than later.
1	WARNING: WORST CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE IN MY LIFE!My bf & I bought a Groupon for here & it was out first time dining at this spot. The workers were extremely rude & then we asked to speak to the manager. He would not accept the groupon because it said it was for four ppl but the other couple canceled last minute. The groupon for 2 people cost less money but we wanted to spend a lot more than the 2 person deal but the manger refused.So let me get this straight.....you're telling me you don't want our business? Especially since we told you we'd like to spend a lot more than the 2 person deal? Why does it matter how many ppl are dining if we just told you we'd like to spend so much more money?  RIDICULOUSOn top of that he tried to swindle us into paying waaaay more if we wanted to stay & dine. He was the rudest manager I've ever met in my life. He had an attitude the entire time & was extremely unfriendly. He basically said its our fault that we can't follow the rules.It's ironic that I'm writing such a negative review because we initially decided to eat here after reading the positive reviews on yelp....but this was by far an awful experience.After we left we went to Craftsteak in MGM GRAND & spent 3 times as much because we knew we'd get better service & the best food guaranteed.
5	Off the beaten path but very worth it!Quiet, intimate dining with a great atmosphere.Food was excellent very very authentic!They also have a very good wine selection, as well as a few great Italian wines. We will  be going back and telling all we know how amazing it was!!HIGHLY recommend reservations as they book up quick due to limited seating.
2	After seeing the show Mystery Diner on the Food Network my wife and I made the decision to eat there on our upcoming trip to Las Vegas.  With three days to go before the vacation I purchased a Groupon that was 30 dollars for 60 dollars worth of food.  We made a reservation for 6:00 on Sunday because we wanted to eat early before we went out.  We showed up about 10 minutes after 6 because the valet was a little behind at our hotel.  After pushing the button and waiting a minute or two the little window was opened and we were asked if we had a reservation.  I told him my name and he let us in.  After we got inside, the restaurant itself was extremely dark and the gentlemen who opened the door said we were late and we would be punished by having to wait longer.  "Whatever" we didn't care, we were just hungry.  It was kind of funny when we sat down and I looked at the menu on the back it said that reservations would be held for 15 minutes.  When we sat down we were given two menus with little lights attached to help us read them.  After a couple of minutes the server came and told us about the specials.  I was very interested in the meatball and shrimp special and my wife was going to get another shrimp dish that was on the menu.After we told the server that we were using a Groupon she said we had to spend the full sixty dollars which we didn't think would be a problem.  We needed another minute to decide so the waitress left and came back a minute later.  I was excited about my shrimp and meatball special especially after reading all the review on Yelp about how good their meatballs were.  When the waitress returned the first thing she said was "sorry we are all out of shrimp," this meant I couldn't get my special and my wife couldn't get her selection.   Now how is it that you have a special and that consists of shrimp and you somehow run out of it by 6:15 at night.  I think that since we were using a Groupon they didn't want to sell us the shrimp , I have no proof but I think it was bullshit.  So we had to take another couple of minutes to look over the menu which had mostly dishes that contained shrimp.  I decided on spaghetti Alfredo with a meatball side, and my wife went with a clam dish in a red sauce.When I the meal came my Spaghetti Alfredo had absolutely no flavor at all.  It was horrible.  The meatball on the other hand was really good.  My wife's clam dish was also very good and there was quite a bit of clams in the dish, which was exactly what she wanted.  After we finished and asked for our check the waitress came back and said we were a few dollars short of sixty and we were going to have to get something else.  My wife decided to get a dessert and she chose a tiramisu which ended up also being pretty good.  It tasted like they used real lady fingers and the whipped cream was also dynamite.Overall our experience was not what we expected and we will not be going back here next time we were in Vegas.  The atmosphere was neat but I just can't fathom a restaurant that runs out of shrimp that is their special for the night by 6:15 in the evening.
2	GREAT CONCEPT; BAD EXECUTIONThe idea of the Speakeasy style restaurant dining is great. The dining experience itself: not so much.I had to laugh when reading "Steakhouse" on the menu because there just weren't that many steak options. Shrimp caught my eye in a few dishes, and the clams did also. We'd heard great things about the meatballs but I wanted seafood. It's an Italian place, right? Seafood and pasta sound easy enough.Unfortunately, by 6 in the evening they were out of shrimp.  Choice number 2 wasn't a bad one though. I had the "Gallows with clams" in a red sauce. It was good and had a lot of clams. The sauce was tasty. Would have been good if I'd shared it over my husband's alfredo, because that was terrible. Flavorless sauce.  His meatball however was excellent. And very large; and tender! Exploding with flavor inside! I doubt we'll return here but it was fun to check out! I'd go with my clams again and he'd probably throw a meatball on top and share.  :)A salad with a red sauce preceeded dinner and was very good. (Husband disliked the sauce). A tiramisu dessert finished up the evening and it was great too!We had a Groupon but it still wasn't an inexpensive dinner, for what it was. You're partly paying for the experience though. It was fun dining in the dark. Service has room for improvement! We first heard about the place from a fake reality show that supposedly took place there. I wish Food Network would stop airing that crap, but I'm glad we had a chance to check out one of the places it supposedly featured! If this restaurant fails I highly suggest the owner start a meatball production factory - freeze 'em and ship out! You have a guaranteed customer in California waiting for this day!
4	my first pick for all first time visitors  to vegas
2	We frequent Capo's probably 3 or 4 times a year.  We went this past Saturday and it was by far the worst experience we've ever had there.  My husband ordered the ravioli and I ordered traditional spaghetti with sausage.  We started with the pasta fagioli soup and caesar salad.  The salad needed a touch more dressing which was easily remedied.  The big problem was that our entrees arrived before we were even half done with soup/salad!  We also waited FOREVER to get bread.  I asked the waitress to please re-fire the entrees about 5 minutes after she came over to apologize for how quicly they were ready.  Well it was very clear from how quickly they showed up back at the table that the dinners were the same ones they'd brought originally.  The portions were also definitely smaller than they have been in the past but of course prices are the same.We will not be going back.  Too bad, we loved it the first 10+ times we went.
5	Drove around looking for a place for dinner, and just happened to stumble across this place . . . though we would park in the back since most of the front stalls were already taken . . . glad we did the entrance is hidden near the back of the restaurant.  Getting in was a trip . . . but I will not spoil that here . . . that is for you to find out.Since we did not have reservations and were really pretting hungry . . . we opted for eating at the bar near the kitchen . . . this was like eating at a chef's table in some high dollar restaurant only fun.  The inside decor took us back to the days of what it must have been like back when mobsters ran Las Vegas.We started off with the stuffed mushrooms . . . Great choice, they we unbelievable . . . then a house salad . . . perfect with just the right amount of itialian dressing . . . and a main course of the lasagna with an extra meatball . . . even though I was starving coming in . . . it was too much for me, but was so tasty that I coulldn't stop.Our server asked us if we would like desert . . . I always like to look . . . and even tough stuffed . . . I had to try the cannolies . . . out of this world.We must have done something right though . . . because after we paid the bill and were getting ready to leave . . . out server asked us if we would liike to enter the PRIVATE cigar room for a cigar and some congac . . . not sure how many get to experience this, but it was unbelievable . . . and if I told you who we met and rubbed elbows with . . . well you know what I'd have to do.This place will definitely be on my to do again list for the next time I visit Las Vegas.
1	Coming to Vegas I was told I must try this place, the food is delicious, the atmosphere is fun and it was a must experience. After coming here I won't be coming back. The evening started out on a positive. Liked the idea and the decorations and atmosphere, but the food was sub par for the price. It said steakhouse so I ventured for the $40 steak. My friend had to change her order due to them being out of food and she was also not impressed with the selection. We did make reservations and asked about the special to make sure it was still going on when we called. We were assured it was. However, after we ate the waitress brings the bill and after inspection find out the special was not honored.  She then told us that the special was for locals only and we were clearly not locals. They did finally honor the discount, but not without complaint.  The waitress told me that "next time I just need to be aware". Maybe I should've read more reviews or maybe they should mention that when calling to make reservations.  Either way there will be no next time for this patron.
5	Ugh, not agreeing with the haters on this one.  I've always had great experiences here.  I've traveled to many a destination and I have to say Capo's in Vegas is one of the great Off-Strip dinning opportunities.  I've also been here more than once so I can base this review on a long-standing patronage rather than a one-time, in passing frivolous complaint.  Food is great, reasonable for the quality, dark and secretive atmosphere, wonderful lounge style singers (that can actually sing), and if you behave as an adult aiming for a pleasurable dinning experience, this will be a perfect environment for you.  No complaints from me.
4	Overall, it was a good experience! got a groupon $30 for $60. I feel like our waitress put us off to the side after she got sat with another party who probably didnt have a groupon. food wise, this place was great! My boyfriend got the spaghetti and huge meatball and I got the penne a la vodka with chicken. We only go to a handful of Italuan spots in L.A. because we like authentic Italian. We will definitely be back for the food! The ambiance was really cool too! Red velvet and read leather, dark with small chandeliers. The entrance to this spot was a real treat, makes you feel like a mobster, especially after going to the mob attraction at the Tropicana, Fogetaboutit!Don't forget the calamari and red wine! Only downside is that it is off the strip and getting a taxi is pricey! From the Tropicana to Capo's was $25 one way!
1	I went here for my birthday celebration. I had heard about it and thought it sounded good. When I arrived I was surprised that it was in a strip mall. The concept is very cute. The interior is ok but small. When we sat at our booth I thought it would be nice but that's when things fell apart. My daughter ordered a steak. $23.95! It was over cooked and breaded to much. She sent it back and told them about it. They still had the nerve to charge her $20.00 for a tiny salad and a little pasta. The rest of our party ordered their food and said it was just ok but the prices are way to high. The piano player was way in a corner and he kept singing to the wall instead of the crowd. There were two birthdays at our table and not one did one thing. The waitress was polite but not friendly. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. If you don't live in Summerlin it's a ways out from the Strip.
4	Making a memory with a meal is all what its cracked up to be.  Friday night was the second time I had been to this place and it was just as great as I remember.  I scored a groupon $60 for $30 and decided to take some friends who were Capo-virgins.  I do recommend reservations as it does book up.  It took us a few minutes to find the door as it kind of gives you an "alley way" entrance to the place.  This is the first time at this location and I actually thought it was more amazing than the last one (on Trop) that I had been to.Upon entry there is a little mobster suprise experience that you just have to see for yourself.  I don't want to spoil the fun even though I have seen others spill the beans reviews on here. Once you find yourself in the joint, and you are shown your table you will find yourself thinking what century am I in??  The place is dimly lit.  Probably the darkest restaurant I have ever been to but ya know its all about the secretive down low. lol  As we were seated, the 1970s round red leather booths are to die for (but don't say that out loud) along with velvet wallpaper and these amazing chandelliers above the tables....loved them!  They hand you the menus which accompany a little flash light so you can actually see it.  Nice idea.For our meal I ordered the Stuffed Chicken Anastasia-lightly breaded and stuffed with ricotta and spinach.  The menu says its topped with pink sauce but it was topped with red sauce and a dab of pink sauce.  I just ordered some more pink sauce and I was good to go.  It came with some angel hair pasta with red sauce.  It was alooot of food to eat but it was so good.  I shared with the table some of the chicken.  I just couldnt eat even half of it.  The BF ordered the Capones Cabanara and he devoured that.  I'm not a fan of peas so I only tried a small bite but it was great.  My friend ordered the spaghetti with meatball (and it was huge).  She said the meatball was full of flavor and the best she ever had.  Her husband ordered the Mad Dog Marsala....which seemed not so big of a plate full but he loved every bite. On a side note I must say that this isnt the "best" Italian we've had but it was good and the experience makes it great!The wine, bread and salads were a perfect addition.  We all ordered 2 drinks and our drinks were at least half the bill.   No joke.  Thanks for the drinks Groupon! haha  Actually I think the drinks were more than the Groupon but who is counting.  The service was awsome-very attentive and friendly with a Italian mobster edge. lolDon't forget about the live music "thats amore".  Very special touch!  I must say I highly recommend this place.  It is very romantic-great for a date, fun to take some peeps to, and just to stop by and have a drink with the pin striped suits.  My friends loved the experience and the food so a good pat on the back to us for taking them.  Now who can I take next? ;)
2	Come for the ambiance, NOT the food!  I have been to this restaurant a couple times and the mob themed experience is fun for a first timer.  However, the food is "just okay" and the prices are not about the quality of the food, but for maintaining the mobster atmosphere.  I would recommend this place for folks looking for a fun story to leave Vegas with.  If you are hungry and looking for a great meal to savor, this is NOT the place for you.  On our last visit the server was very nice, but the bar staff that was a different story.  I am not sure if I will come back to Capo's again, because I have had my fill of Vegas stories. If you are looking for an experience you won't forget this may be the place.  You wont forget how rude the bar staff can be.  Also, you wont forget how mediocre the food was and the price you paid for it!
1	This place is horrible. My wife got 100 dollars for 50 on groupon so we tried it out, otherwise we would of never gone to this place. Inside is cool, and that is about the only good thing they have going for them. The waitress was rude and only checked on us twice in the 2 hours we were there. Why were we there for two hours? well the waitress did not care about us and thats how long it took us to get served the crappiest italian food I ever ate. My wifes ravioli had 5 pieces covered in soupy alfredo which cost 25 bucks. I have chicken parm in which it had no chicken, and kids has spaghetti and meatballs. Every plate of horrible.We really could not wait to get out of the place. I would never recommend this place to any of my friends. Costs over 100 bucks easy for a family and its the worst. Seriously, CiCis pizza would of been better.
2	If you like being treated like 2nd  class citizens, then go to Capo's. We did not have reservations when we arrived at 6:00pm. We were told we would have to sit at the bar. Finally, the owner/manager/singer found a table in an area that had no air conditioning. We were the only ones at that area. Food and service was ok, not great. hen we left, there were only a few tables full. How dare he insist that all the tables were full and we really were not welcome w/o reservations.
3	Service was a 2 the food was a 3 and dessert was a 5.
5	Awesome atmosphere!! Went here with a Groupon Now and loved it. The food was good. They were really flexible with the bill too.
1	Absolutely horrible service. After a great time at the mob museum, my date and I read some of the good reviews and decided we should check this place out.I should have looked at the bad reviews too.When we walked in, we pretty much got yelled at because they didn't open for another hour. We said okay fine, we'll be back. We went back an hour later, same guy opened the door and asked if we had a reservation. We said no. He said he has no room for us and we can just go and sit at the bar. He did a really offensive gesture and then walked off. Still standing there in shock, like umm did that really just happen.We decided not to sit at the bar. Especially since we didn't know where the bar was, it's so dark you can't see anything in there.  We couldn't even see how to get out, so we had to wait for him to come back. When he finally did come back, we asked him why he didn't let us know we needed a reservation when we were there an hour earlier. He said 'now you know' and left.I'm glad I didn't eat there. Ridiculous!
4	Atmosphere was definitely 1930's/40's and food was excellent. The entertainment was a little loud, so it was hard to carry on a dinner conversation.  Friendly staff and food was served quickly.  Reservations is a good idea to guarantee seating.
4	My favorite place for a date! This place is away from the chaotic strip and the staff is super friendly. Candle lights are every table making it a very romantic experience, definitely a great place for anniversary dinners for couples. Still very sad they closed down their original location. :(
5	Food is excellent, staff is entertaining and usually sing old Sinatra hits, the decor is old style mafioso Vegas. They do some fun things here (I won't give it away incase you haven't been here before), if your out for a nice romantic dinner or suggesting the same to someone this is the place for sure. Although it's really more of an italian resteraunt  for dinner we had the two specials that night which were Halibut and a Filet. I had my heart set on pasta when we arrived but was absoluately not dissapointed with the specials. They totally met expectation. Service is always impeccable, we'll be back again soon for sure
2	Place is a good idea with a mob theme however the service was pretty bad. We had a reservation at 9pm for a party of 6, and got there at 8:45 and they sat us quickly. After we got seated and we had showed our server that we had a groupon for $100 after that she only came by our table twice, the busser came by at least 10 times. Majority of the time we saw our sever doing nothing but sitting at the bar talking to another person, while our busser was busy with other tables. It took almost 15 minutes for us to pay because no one came to pick up the bill. I was so unsatisfied with their service I had asked another server to speak to their manager in charge, consequently their manager in charge was our server, which I call bull on because the other server was probably just watching out for our server's back. Definitely not going to come back here. I only gave them 2 stars because their busser was doing their job correctly.
3	The service was great and the atmosphere was enjoyable and my party and I had fun listening to the guy singing the whole time. However, the food was really mediocre and I wasn't impressed by it at all considering the price. This is my second time here and both times, my meal came out bland and disappointing. My first meal here was bland and pathetic looking. However, my second time eating here, not only was the food bland, it was undercooked. My scarface shrimp scampi was undercooked. It was bathing in oil and fat but without much flavor AND I COULDN'T EAT IT! I had everyone at my table sample it and everyone thought it was not cooked properly and definitely far from tasty.
4	Make reservations!!! The atmosphere was dark and completely themed as a speak easy. The food is American Italian and everything was delicious. I got a salad and they used way too much dressing.  I had to send back and ask for dressing on the side. The server was so nice and knew exactly when to come over to the table. The "pink sauce" (as they call it) was great with the meal and we even dipped the bread in it. Tried the cheesecake dessert and its not exactly what I'm used to but was also good. Reason not a 5 star: the restaurant opens at 5 and the piano player, which I think it a huge part of the atmosphere, didn't start playing until after 6. The food was a little over priced. Once you are seated the theme gets forgotten. No one is in character or there's not much going on besides a muted movie with the closed caption and the late piano player which we didn't get to enjoy much of.
4	I really like Capo's, the service was good, the atmosphere is fun but I need just a little more light...  lol.  The first time we went sat at the bar, and the food and service was great, the second time in the smaller back room, I ordered the stuffed chicken breast, it was huge!  dinner and two lunches!! and delicious!  My husband had the shrimp scampi which he loved but mentioned was more lemon"ey" than usual but he still  liked it a great deal since it disappeared fast!  Oh and their homemade salad dressings are great too!  Never any room for dessert but maybe one day...
3	I was really excited to visit Capos after reading the other reviews and I must say I was a little disappointed.   The gentleman at the front door was excellent, he was very polite and funny.  Unfortunately he is the only staff member I am able to compliment.  The rest of the staff must of been having an off night.  The bar tenders were very short and rude, and our waitress was horrible.  We had a party of 7 and we must have waited 10 minutes alone for them to come say hi and take the drink order.  The gentleman from the door walked by and noticed no one had been at the table and I believe he went and said something,  but without him we may have waited 30 minutes for the waitress.  The waitress was unattentive and at one point just down right rude after she brought the bill and a gentleman from the table simply asked a question about the gratuity automatically being included into the bill.  She got upset and said "well if you don't wanna tip me just don't pay that part" and she proceeded to scratch out the gratuity line on the check, and all we wanted to know was what it was.  Like I mentioned the staff was not very friendly this particular night.  The food was good, but maybe slightly overpriced.  That wasnt the end of the world though.  The restaurant ambiance was great, and all together it was a nice dinner.  If I ever go back I will make sure I get a different waitress.
4	Whaddya Here Whaddya Say... That's what came to my head as I walked in this joint. We waited to be let in, almost as it was a private social club for made men. Nervous as hell thinking I'm going to get whacked. We get access into a dim lit walkway. Bars to your right, take a seat wait for your table. Don't cause any trouble don't be a jerk off. They might show you out the back way. Cool way you get let in, original to say the least. Bar area with a clear view of the cook line. I chose the Veal Parmigiana, come on for get about it! It's was perfect, the Dame ordered the lasagna & she loved it.   Just having fun with this one. Yes it was a great visit to Capo. Being from out of town it's always great to find a place away from all the touristy hoopla... Thank You Capo for a good dining experience.
5	Excellent restaurant which serves fresh food with authentic imported Italian pasta. The atmosphere was great, food fresh and delicious. I ordered a glass of Chianti which turned out of a pretty generous size. I swear they pour half of the bottle! Nice surprise! Our server was friendly and laid back. I travel to Italy every year and consider myself a good judge of authentic Italian cuisine. Capos did not disappoint my expectations. Highly recommend
4	Went last night for my boyfriends birthday dinner. Food was excellent, I had the Chicken Anastasia and my boyfriend had the New York steak. The cannoli was to die for! Not to be missed! The service was perfect and the experience really made it the whole package. Highly recommend.
2	Went here for dinner last night with some friends from out of town.  Very dark, which is fine unless you want a good look at your food before you eat it.The only air conditioning they had were 2 portables, which weren't doing the job.  It was very hot in the restaurant -- we were all sweaty by the time we got our food.  Uncomfortable.I was expecting somewhat of a speakeasy experience -- didn't get it.  Except for the lighting and the entrance (you walk into a lobby then ring a bell to get seated), there were no dramatics here.  Maybe the staff was too hot to do their spiel.Food was ok, nothing spectacular.  They claimed the lasagna was full of sausage and hamburger meat -- there was about 3 small chunks of sausage, the rest was ricotta cheese and sauce.  Not enough to have any leftovers, which I thought was cheap for the prices they charge.Overall, it was a little below average.  I won't be back.
2	Got here early and the fam was mpressed with the mob style decor.Me, not so much.   Building in poor repair.I spend my culinary life tring to recreate my Nona's food from the old country.   I found NONE of that here.  Tomato sauce served  lukewarm sort of undercooked and withan odd sweet taste.  It ruined sll the dishes it was served on.  Salad so I so but who can ruin a Salad? In the end , even the cannoli to die for had too much chocolate surrounding and the pastry was stale.
1	We have eaten here 3 times and absolutely love the atmosphere.  The meatball with peppers was to die for the first 2 times and completely bland and mediocre the 3rd time.  The calamari is outstanding. We had rude service the first time from a bartender that clearly didn't want to be a bartender and the 3rd time had a young girl who was just as surly and knew nothing about the food and had an attitude.  I can't recommend Capo and we won't be returning.  Casa di Amore also has great atmosphere, food and fantastic friendly service so if you are looking for someplace off the strip with similar food/pricing/music this is a much better choice in my opinion.
3	Nice atmosphere but our waitress was very inattentive and our order was wrong. We ordered an appetizer, it never came, I added shrimp to my Alfredo pasta and it was missing. For an additional $10 you'd thought it would not have been forgotten! By the time it came I only had a couple bites of pasta left! Very disappointed in our  1st experience but I will give it 1 more try before I completely "X" them off my list.
2	New chef = lots of changes, not for the better. (This review's visit: April 2013)The Italian dressing that was SO good, circa the previous chef is now completely different. Now: inedible (greasy, yellow, tasteless and, just...No). Garden salad ($6) was made with rusty, wilty lettuce, carrots were stale. Nothing in it was fresh. Lasagna - check out my pic. I was expecting a luscious, beautiful, hearty, home-made hunk of well-made lasagna (for $10).  During this lunch service, only two other tables were occupied in the resto, but still my server couldn't get things off the ground. We spent the next 45 minutes trying to deal with one thing after another: funky new dressing, funky salad which he accidentally charged for as it was a swap for the pasta, we ordered a meatball but no meatball arrived, waited another 20 minutes for that lasagna to get boxed up, etc... Too much management required. Oyy.My previous stellar review, which I was delighted to write, belonged to the previous chef. I was expecting a repeat experience, but this was like a different restaurant.
4	Tried Capo's with my boyfriend for the first time last night and had a blast! The whole Vegas mob vibe is alive and strong here with the secret entrance, password act, and dark setting. The live entertainer was great, he even sang a song we requested!Service was amazing. Our glasses of water and wine never went below 1/2 full. We ordered the bruschetta (above average) as an appetizer. The house bread basket with garlic butter was yummy too. For entrees, he had the shrimp scampi and I had the Chicken Angelo. Both were amazing! I had the house italian salad and he had the caesar...very good as well. For dessert we got the Italian coffee with amaretto...HIGHLIGHT of the meal by far! My pinot noir was fantastic too.Overall, the experience was phenomenal and I would recommend the restaurant to anyone any day. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 was because of the heat. We were sitting by an AC monitor that read the current temperature at 86 degrees. It was a little uncomfortable even for small people who love being in the warm outdoors! If the restaurant steps up their AC offering, they will be 5 stars for sure! Otherwise, I'll be back when the weather cools down ;)
1	Wow this place has gone way downhill. I came here before and it seemed really good. Went last night and it was horrible. The building doesn't even have AC!! It was miserable in there this is las vegas you need ac when its 110+ outside. The steak was pretty good, but not amazing by any means, I've had way better. The chef burnt the asparagus so bad we just sent it back and didn't pay for it. We finished really quick and got out of there, we won't be back.
3	Atmosphere and music is great. Sat at the bar and the bartender was great. Food wasnt great. Calamari was rubbery and tasted old. Pasta was over cooked and a bit disapointing. Bartender offered us the cheesecake for dessert. We agreed just to have him come back and tell us there out of cheese cake. Saw the happy hour menu and that might make me stop by again to give them a chance.
3	My boyfriend described this place in three words 'unique but bland', and that is the perfect way to describe this establishment. Atmosphere - You enter through the back door into a small room where there is a door bell, you ring the bell and the window opens... They asked us who we were and we gave them our reservation, and then they asked us if we had any weapons (That was a bit overkill) and then they let us enter in through another door to the restaurant. It was very dark inside, so dark inside the menus have little lights in them. There was also a guy who sang and when round to all the tables. He was rather irritating... Ignore him and he'll leave. And he totally put his own money in his tip jar when he set up!Service - Our server was very attentive and despite other reviews I read that said they are rude when you have a groupon, we used a groupon and they were great.Food - BORING. I ordered a Caesar salad with shrimp... There weren't even croutons on it... And that was the only green salad on the menu. My boyfriend had a pasta dish. It was average. They did do a good job with the dirty martini and the blue cheese olivesOverall, I am happy I purchased the groupon and checked it out... But I would not pay full price for it. They tried... but the food, no thanks.
3	3 STARS=FOOD  ..Blah, The salad was the highlight and food went down from there. Red Sauce tasted like Ragu. My carbonara was a greasy, bland, watery sauce mess. If I hadn't had a glass of wine in me, I would have not eaten more than one bite.  I think I managed about 6 or so...ugh just thinking about it.1 STAR=SERVICE....sucked.  I joked that the female waitress must also be the cook because she seemed to vanish for very long periods.  The male waiter came buy just a bit more than 'never'.  5 STARS=ATMOSPHERE AND SINATRA TYPE PIANO GUY..Hovers a bit too much. I think he would be much better, sitting at the piano and singing.  We had fun with HOST/BOUNCER guy.  I really wanted to love this place.  The inside is so dark and VEGAS.  It would be perfect with the piano singer and drinks...but for food...FA GET ABOUT DIT.
3	Went to dinner last night with my husband-made reservation and off we went.....loved the entry way (guy who poked his head out the peep hole was funny) the whole atmosphere was a cool experience- the guy who walks around singing ol town songs was good entertainment-if u give him too much eye contact he will involve u in his performance so if you want privacy its best not too:)  our waitress was HORRIBLE!! She came to our table a total 3times (got drinks-took order-brought check!!)which made for a very long dinner-1 1/2hrs.....the bus boys/real waiter is who I found at end of night and handed a tip too!! Salad w/dinner was ok*Rigatoni Trafficante was delish I must sayHusbands 14oz Ribeye I wanted to break out a scale-NO way it was more than 9oz *mad i didnt take a picture to post.....my husband looked at me and said the garlic mashed potatoes had 0% flavor....I tasted and was sooooooo disapointed:( Coulnt believe they charged 39.95 for this steak !!! Bill came to over $80And it was sooooo not worth the dough.... sorry this comment comes from a real italian who knows how to cook.....but for its good for a one time experience if you just get the pasta.....
4	From the moment we entered until the time we left it was a great experience! The decor was beautiful, damask style wallpaper, chandeliers and even the booths. I really enjoyed the gentleman singing Frank Sinatra covers during our meal as well as the servers. The food was quite good, I felt that my dish was lacking a bit of salt, but the drinks were generous! The ambiance was lovely, ideal for a romantic date or a nice dinner with the girls. I hope to return!
1	The greatest thing about this place is the entrance through the front door. Past that, everything goes downhill. I get that this place is trying to go for the Italian Mafia, pseudo rude, Chicago hard ass mentality... but the people are just not hospitable. When greeted at the host stand, they made me sit like a leper on these gross banquet chairs to wait for my table, rather than invite me to sit at the empty bar and grab a drink. The ambiance is kind of interesting but when you actually look at whats going on, you realize that the lights are just turned completely off. Its almost pitch black. Theres kind of a cool lounge singer that plays piano and does Frank Sinatra songs but hes not very good and it gets really annoying after 3 songs. The food is the worst part about this place. Its just downright bad. Its one thing if the place was super cheap and not TRYING to be a nice restaurant. Its not exactly cheap. I had a dry, crusty meatball appetizer, a boring caesar salad, and a completely tasteless eggplant parm. While I was eating my $22 eggplant park, i was legitimately thinking how i would have rather gone down the street to trader joes and eaten the microwaveable eggplant parm that they have for $4.99.The service is bad to average but i think that part of it simply has to do with how dark this place is. Noone can see anything. Our waitress asked us for our drink order without bringing over a drink menu. And she never came back to ask if we wanted a second drink.I just think this place tried to focus on the gimmick too much and is not understanding that they need to provide an actual dining experience.
2	neat place.... over priced for the food though :(
5	great atmosphere! totally Vegas!
4	I brought relatives there from out of town who were celebrating their 30th anniversary. Since our family is Italian descent, we all grew up on homemade Italian food. Capo's food is "authtic Italian", not like the Olive Garden variety. The mob/speakeasy theme makes eating there more of an experience and is really quite fun! The decor is very era appropriate. It is quite dark inside, but they provide small lights for reading the menu.I mentioned to the manager that we were celebrating a 30th wedding anniversary. I thought maybe he would have his wait staff bring them out a piece of cake with a candle or something in recognition as other restaurants often do. He did nothing at all. That is really the only fault I have to find with my experience at Capo's.BTW...the meatball appetizer is fantastic...a must try when you go!
4	Recommended by a former native and definitely less touristy than other Vegas restaurants.  I was enveloped by the delicious garlicly aroma as soon as I walked through the door.  The pastas (al dente), veal picata (could cut with a fork), and shrimp fettuccini delivered the goods and Capo's remains on my list as one of the best restaurants off the strip in Las Vegas.  The restaurant's speakeasy theme and dark interior might take you a little off guard but its mafioso/brat pack vibe is easy to embrace, as is the live Sinatra style music.  Two for one entrees on Tuesdays just adds to the restaurant's likability.
3	Dined on a significant discount coupon (Restaurants.com).  OK, the Mafioso atmosphere was kind of cool and the entertainment was fun.  The service was so undertrained it was almost as comical as it was annoying.  Asked server (maybe battlefield-promoted busboy) about some of the wines and he said "I don't know, I just drink Jack n' stuff".  Didn't offer to bring someone over more knowledgeable.  Pulled menus away before we ordered, tried to pull plates away at odd times.  Just really unpolished service...not rude, just disconnected.  In any case, Caesar salad was institutional tasting.  House salad was better.  Lasagna was very tasty, although portion was small.  New York Steak was actually very good.   Overall, was satisfied based on the discounted cost.  Would have been appreciably less satisfied at full cost and there would certainly be better options at comparable cost.
4	After reading their reviews I knew we had a 50/50 shot on our visit. It is an interesting entrance complete with the sliding window like an old speakeasy. The Host with his thick accent (Chicago not NY) welcomed and seated us right away. The place is on the darker side as far as lighting but adds to the mood. The menu's come with small LED flashlights to read them.As usual we get the "forgetful" server but had I would imagine a floor Manager check on us and she got our drinks right away and no issues after that. The bread is ok, not their home made but was warm and the garlic butter was good. We tried the Caesar salad with pasta and meatballs. Its a different combination and now we can say we tried it and something different next time.My wife's eggplant was very good and that is her signature dish to try when we go out. My Spaghetti and Meatballs was good (not the best I have ever had and not the worst). We skipped dessert so you are on your own with that if you go.We enjoyed ourselves and would go back again for another shot and recommend it as well.
4	the atmosphere and ambiance are pricelesslike visiting a old speak easy so dark in there that they put flashlights attached to the menuamazing brucchetta and chicken parmfun place
4	I thought the food here was great.  We came at lunch, and ya, the whole "speakeasy" entrance they have is a little gimmicky, but whatever, to each their own.We had pizza and pastas, and they were definitely good, the main problem we had was that it was so dark in the restaurant.Like insanely dark, like you need a light to read the menu.I guess it's their motif, but stil, it put a bit of a damper not quite being able to see everyone at the table.
5	I picked up a groupon for this as I love Italian food and who doesn't love the mafioso style of the place that I heard things about. It was cool walking in and the little hidden door, the man at the door was very funny and made a couple of jokes before letting me and my date in. Service was pretty good and the food was excellent. Nice and dimly lit, very comfortable place to go. Will certainly go back again.
4	This place has the best meatball ever!!! Host was a bit moody, but beyond that the food was excellent. Not a big fan of their salad, it was very boring and dressing wasn't good, but soup was delicious! My husband and I shared the meatball appetizer. Two huge meatballs, but still wanted more! My husband had the steak, he said it was so-so.. I had the penne with arrabiata sauce, it was spicy and flavorful, Yum!!!
2	Took three of my friends there last night for dinnerFound the food very mediocre Had chicken Marcelo - horrible Friend had lasagna small portion dry Salad not real tastyBread goodEntertainment way to loud All the great restaurants in Vegas pass on this one Bill was 148.00 I fell like I got ripped offAnd the waitress was not excited about the food what a turnoffBut desserts were okJoan sSeattle
5	Love everything so far!  This is by far the best Italian restaurant in Las Vegas.  It is located a few miles off of the strip on West Sahara.  Starting with the hidden entrance (I won't spoil the surprise for you.  :-) ) to the ambiance, photos of mafioso's on the walls to the food, this is a great place to enjoy some excellent Italian food the way it should be prepared.  High marks are also given to the wait staff and to the host.  We had the meatballs with peppers for an appetizer, followed by lasagna for myself and my wife had the carbonara.  We followed up this wonderful dinner with a slice of cheesecake topped with chocolate sauce.  The portions were just the right size and we left filling full, but not stuffed.  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good Italian cuisine in Las Vegas.  Get off of The Strip and enjoy something local for a change!
4	Great foog and fun atmosphere! Gotta try the meatballs.
5	Great Italian food. Great Sinatra music playing all night. Everything was excellent from service to desert. Try out the cigar room in the back.
5	Jeannie from NYC: I've read several reviews about Capo's and I don't understand how it can be rated 5 stars and then 1 star based on the same criteria.   I have eaten at Capo's many times and have had great experiences each time.  We are an Italian family from NYC, and have lived in Italy for a few months as well, we love the food at Capo's!  It is your grandma's Italian cooking taken up ten notches.  The service is exceptional and attentive. The decor and the entertainment are fitting for the restaurant's Mafia mystique,  make no mistake - the BOYS would be eating here on a regular basis.  The meatballs are spectacular, the macaroni with sausage and vodka sauce was outstanding.  The owners are very cordial and never break character.   Is it possible that I have been very lucky to go to Capo's on only their great nights, or are others having the misfortune of coming in on unlucky nights (for them)?Very confusing to say the least. Please make this a go to stop in Vegas.
4	I finally checked out all the hype about Capos and had the time of my life with our group. My boyfriend's from Chicago and he really loved the Speakeasy vibe. Truly old school. We started with the CALAMARI which was golden brown with a nice crisp yet tender in the center. The marinara was tangy and in perfect combo with the calamari. Then after hearing so much about the MEATBALLS, our group got 3 orders and I must say they were the best meatballs anyone's ever tasted!! A little pricey at $12 but worth every penny!!Service was rushed but the place was packed so we enjoyed the live entertainment while we waited a bit for our entrees. My boyfriend's STEAK was awesome and perfectly cooked. My SAUSAGE and PEPPERS was as I remembered from my last trip to Chicago... Delicious!!!Overall I would have given Capos 5 stars if the service wasn't so rushed but this was by far the best dinner our group had over a weeks stay in Las Vegas. I definitely will be returning and sending friends!!
5	My family and I, from Brooklyn, NYC, enjoyed a delicious and authentic Italian dinner at Capo's last night. This is the ONLY restaurant in Vegas where you will find the most delicious Italian specialties, like eating at Gramma's, for a very affordable price. Their meatballs rival Rao's and come out on top without a doubt. The macaroni dishes are overflowing and are topped with the most delicious specialty gravies.   Not to mention, the very refreshing, old world speak-easy charm, very efficient staff (with pleasant personalities), and the entertainment truly is a time machine back to the Sinatra days that make this whole dining experience a worthwhile destination to say the least.  So put this one on the top five list, and enjoy a unique dining experience. Bobby Liguori, the Frank Sinatra - of the night, should not be missed!  His performance is Sinatra - close your eyes and let his voice  take you back.  He is a Brooklyn boy as well!!  He performs on the weekends only and he definitely the frosting on top of this mouthwatering cake! Try Capo's - YOU WILL NOT REGRET THE TRIP!
5	This place was soo much fun. The food was delicious. Bobby the singer was wonderful and made my girlfriends night. Definitely will come back
2	After all the reviews I thought I was going to be in for a good time. Sadly it was just ok, I guess the door guy wasn't in the mood to bad I was looking forward to that.  I understand the darkness is part of the feel and fun of this place but I couldn't even read my menu the little light attached to my menu was broken.  :(  Made it extremely hard to order.  I got the lasagna when it came it was burnt so bad around the edges I couldn't cut it so I had to return it and wait for a new one.  By the time it arrived I was starving, the taste was good no complaints.Our group had a group on, when we went to pay we felt like we received attitude.  Don't sell them if you don't want people to use them.  Our waitress claimed the system was down and we couldn't use it, we refused to not use it and suddenly it was working again.  The whole time the manager who could have smoothed some feathers was sitting at the bar drinking.So the food was ok service sucked, oh well...
5	The food was so delicious!  The atmosphere was  and entertaining!  The service was excellent! I plan on going back over and over again!
2	now i will admit this place has good pasta... but that's where it stops.. i paid 23 dollars for a chicken dish (no pasta).. the chicken came by itself.. it weighed less than 7oz... please give me my moneys worth... the chicken did taste good though.. it was just a portion issue
5	The next time you're in Vegas you must stop here! absolutely amazing ambiance and food.
4	About 6 months back at a concierge event for work, I won a $50 gift card to Capo's. I had dined here once previously so I was pretty stoked to have a chance to go again. Also I enjoy when local places are willing to donate meals to other local establishments or events. The first time I came here, the secret door threw me way off. I won't say too much and ruin in. I will say enjoy it, and play along. This time, I had my 16 year old step son and he was confused and thought we took him to a closed gangster establishment. His reaction was worth it alone. The lighting is dim, and your menus come with small lights for those who may not be able to see the menu in the dark. (ie: me) There is live entertainment, and a cheesy mob boss who is kind of hanging out and running things. Although he is very involved and I don't believe he sees himself as cheesy one bit. The godfather is playing in the background. (Last time it was Casino) There is even a man selling roses. They go all out with the old school speakeasy type of vibe. The service was mediocre, don't get me wrong our waitress was pleasant. But slow, and un-attentive. Our drinks went empty and the bread basket was out, often. The food however made up for it. Meatballs and peppers appetizer is a must. The meatballs are a good quality meat that melt in your mouth the way they should. Just the right amount of spice lingers on your tongue leaving you hungrier than when you arrived. The pasta in all the dishes seemed like they were made in house. The bread and cheeses were fresh and authentic, and the salad came with a great house dressing. I didn't like the cheesecake, but unless its straight from NY or Cheesecake Factory, I usually don't. Overall, its high priced, but the atmosphere helps out and easily makes this a great place for a date night or special occasion.
5	After a $25 cab ride from the strip we had high, high expectations and Capo's didn't disappoint.  A speakeasy/hidden entrance (don't judge the restaurant from it's non-descript shopping mall appearance on the outside) that sets a pretty cool mood for your evening.  Bar and kitchen is right up front where you can watch everything happen -IF you can see...very dark, but again, added to the meal.  Food is excellent and service was very good.  Music is a live singer singing Frank Sinatra toons...a little heavy on the Italian gangster movie posters, but hell, it was still cool and recommended
1	Overpriced and to be honest you're really just paying for the speakeasy experience..Made rsvp for 745 got there 5 minutes early...last one to be seated had to go tp a waitor or manager for a table..everyone else who came in way after us got to be seated first. Yay. Awesome isnt? Got seated 30 minutes after the rsvp ppl who had 8 oclock rsvp got seated regardless ... talked to a manager and we got seated but with sarcasm..great way to start a birthday dinner isnt? Douche bag manageral service.. woot. We were informed we had to make a memo for the both. HELLO. WHATS THE POINT IF THERE WAS A SMALL TABLE ALREADY AVAILABLE? AND EVERYONE WHO RSVP AT 8PM GOT IN AHEAD OF US? Still stayed since we waited 30 minutes for the oh so pompus owner/manager not to sit us and just have us waiting like sitting ducks..atleast the staff are fine.A bit bitter please excuse my critising for the night. I may or maybe not being harsh with this review but hey being a bit liquored up with messed up rsvp. I think im allowed to. -House bread bread was pretty fresh.. and good combo of cripsy and softness-ceasar salad..the dressing was good but the greens werent as fresh..An hour in we were informed our food was going to be delayed. Awesome. Bread refill please. Capos lasgna- no wow factor a tad bit dry..not much flavoring minus the garlic..20 for this plate bewareChef sleeps with the fishes- once again no wow factor.. almost like a plain fettucine w shrimp...27.00 Thank you capos for making my birthday wonderful.
3	NOTE: We decided this place was out of our price range and left before we even tried any of the food.  We drove past this place five times in one day, so I decided we should stop here. There are few lights on, so you can't entirely tell if it is open or night, and it was a little confusing as to where the entrance, until I saw the giant "entrance" sign. I agree with the other reviews about the fun speakeasy entrance. We were walked to out booth, but I had to watch a few spots because it seems like the wood floor is starting to rot in spots. But you can't see it because the place is very dimly lit. There was music playing and a Sinatra-ish live singer. The music was on the loud side, but good. We were given menus, and then realized that a simple spaghetti is $18. And if you want to share it, they want to charge you an additional $6. The spaghetti is basically the cheapest thing on the menu besides appetizers. We decided this place was out of our price range and left before we even tried any of the food.  I was a little bummed cause the atmosphere was fun, but that is just too much to pay for a little bit of pasta.
4	It was a nice experience with the secret door and wait staff.
3	The atmosphere was nice but the food was  overpriced.  Make sure you double check your bill, they add gratuity on 6 people and they don't let you know it's on the check.
4	Love this place!!!  the atmosphere is the best, and the food is great!!  I cant wait to celebrate my 30th birthday there on April 10 @ the Sahara location =)
3	The coolest part is the entrance. It was loud and hard to talk to my date.
4	As the others said its too dark but the atmosphere is fun. The food is really, really good.  Ordered house salad - super yummy & Hubby ordered Caesar, again, something better than the ordinary.  Same with the shrimp Alfredo, Penne ala vodka was just ok.  Ordered the Tiramisu Martini because of the review that suggested "order desert first" oh yea! Solid advice!
5	I loved the entrance.  We were a large party of 15 people.  We ate family style ordering and sharing appetizers and meals.  The singer was doing his thing.  We were all having a good time and unwinding.  It reminded me of a family meal as we were loud and laughing a lot.
3	A lot of reviews complained about the price but if you come on a Tuesday they have 2 for 1 Tuesdays so our bill was only around $40 for two people! The food was good I def wouldn't spend full price on it though. The live singer was great dinner and a show for a discount!
4	We were wanting a restaurant that was not overly priced, which is normally what you find in Vegas.  It was a nice restaurant with a great atmosphere, reasonably price meals, and really attentive staff.  I would definitely come back to this little hidden gem!
4	This is a great restaurant with fantastic ambiance. It's a Vegas landmark and everyone should eat there at least once. It's worth the cab fare from the strip to eat here.  I love the unique entrance and the singer while we're dining. The food is also fantastic. This is a must visit restaurant.
4	Capo's Is A Real Kick.  The concept and atmosphere are great.  We were there on a Sunday and they had a Frank Sinatra era singer doing classics.  The music was a bit too loud but that was part of the fun- it was not so loud we couldn't hear each other. The food was good- all 4 in our party were pleased- and better then expected.  Those of us who ordered chicken entrees the portions were perfect.  Those who ordered pasta needed take home boxes.  A bit over the top for an every night stop- but a great choice for a fun special night out.
1	Had reservation,went on double date w friends.door man/greeter whatever he might call himself was a complete douchebag!was on cellphone the whole time.we were told we couldn't be sat till whole party had arrive.then a group walk in behind us and was sat incomplete!!! Food was horrible,my entree was ice cold.two other entree were completely burnt.food is over priced.NO flavor,horrible service! only part that was okay, were drinks!and set up of restaurant (mob theme)!place is a joke!!!! don't bother nor waste your $
5	Nice atmosphere, fun sinatra singer and a good pianist! We had loads of fun here! Came in with a groupon and ended up having a very large meal for two. Only had to pay the tip and we had a vegas night out! Lots of fun and def. something you want to do when you're into the kitschy vegas kinda stuff.
2	My wife and I went on a Tuesday with two of our friends who are Vegas locals so at least we got the 2-for-1 deal.  Didn't like the darkness. I like to see what I am eating.  But maybe that was better,  because I didn't have to look at my chicken marsala that was drowned in what I think was a dark brown sauce the consistency of mud.  The mushroom risotto I got with it was bland and watery.  My wife got the chicken parm and left half of it on her plate.  The salads that came with the meal were tiny. Guess you are paying for the speakeasy theme because the prices they charge are way too high for what they give you,  plus you are forced to order way overpriced drinks to get the 2-for -1 deal.  Would have rather they had better food. The only things keeping it from a one-star review were the cheesy garlic bread,  the interesting way you enter the joint and the nice waitress.
2	I made reservations 2 months ahead of time for my BF's bday. We arrived and they seated us in a back room which had one other table occupied. I noticed when we walked in that there was live entertainment and nice booth seating in the main dining area. We asked if we could be moved to that room and were quickly told that he spoke to mgr and those tables where reserved. hmmmm, I saw about 7 available booths!!! I asked to speak to manager. He came to our table and said he's see what he could do. He then sat us in a nice booth. Throughout the night I noticed not one other table was seated after us? Why would they lie about those booths being reserved? Weird. The food was OK and entertainment was great.
2	Food was not good at all. Eggplant park tasted frozen. Only thing good about this place was the singer and the secret entrance.
4	Food was good, as was the service. Romantic ambience and the live entertainment was awesome, guy sings Sinatra and other requests.
5	Food was amazing! I had the chicken Marsala and mushroom risotto which I couldn't finish because it was sooo much good. I totally recommend place.
4	I won't give away too many secrets. But we really enjoyed this place. The atmosphere is why you come here! It is darker than most restaurants but your eyes will adjust. You do get a little light to read the menu by. The food was very good and the entertainment makes for an enjoyable evening. Since there was 2 couples and the guys were on a business expense account it was no problem getting separate checks and they even called a taxi for us to return to the strip. I would definitely  come back for the atmosphere alone. Give it a try, it's a really neat place.
5	we had a few appetizers, entrees, and desert.. EVERYTHING was DELICIOUS!only thing i would change is the open kitchen concept, i work in the restaurant industry and from where i was sitting in the booth thats all i could see and it made me feel like i was at work, when i go out thats the last thing i want! there should be a dummy wall put up if possible..
1	Horrible. The bread has changed. Bread sticks cut in half, stale. The salads are a third of the size and the dressing is out of a bottle. Waited 45 minutes for our entrees and my chicken Parmesan was cold, my dads lasagna was so burnt you couldn't even cut it with a knife, brothers penne alla vodka was mushy and over cooked and the meatball on the spaghetti tasted like dog food. It was so in edible we all spit it out. The best thing of the night was my glass of chianti. I felt bad for out poor server who was extremely friendly but had no control over the disgusting food. We all got home and had stomach aches even though we just had salad and bread! VOID AT ALL COST!
5	Great food! Fun atmosphere. Wish the waiters stuck with the theme.... The waiters were nice and helpful but I kinda wanted them to give us some Italian mafia attitude.
5	Wonderful throwback to the speakeasy!!! Even the way you enter is amusing! Ambiance.was spot on, great for a date night. Food was delicious . Nice to be able to take your time & eat for once . Service was nice, entertainment was delightful! A must try.
4	When I saw this place on a recent TV show, I knew we had to try it.If you are into MOB movies and gangster flicks like we are, what better way to experience firsthand at something similar (well kind of) to how the Vegas MOB lived, where they dined and how they had a good time. This is not the fanciest restaurant but it's totally old school. The red leather booths, the stage for performance, the piano guy and all the attitude that comes with the people. That's their thing. Upon arriving, you knock on a door and some really cool bigh honcho looking guy opens a window like thing and says "yea, what do you want" in this New Yorker, heavy, mean voice. Um...we have resos at 8 please and with not okay, thanks, welcome, he opens the door and says to follow him. Again.....this is their thing. This is the image of the restaurant. In no way were we offended because I had reviewed their restaurant prior to going. We sat down and the amazing service immediately started. Since the restaurant was very dark inside (image), they had these little cute lights hanging from their menus. The names of all their drinks and dishes were so COOL. I ordered the dirty martini (their special) and it was so delicious. My husband ordered this drink called "kick in the head". Ha! The waitress said "you will see why it's called that in the morning". Check out their menu for all the cool names they have for their dishes. We split the following: Dinner saladBeef spaghetti Bolognese- off the menu Chocolate dipped Cannoli's. The check was VERY reasonable Definitely going back and taking everyone I know.
5	This place was "so Joel V." it was incredible! I'll go to CAPO'S every time from now on when I'm in Vegas. What not to like?? A mobster themed restaurant... Sign me up!There is a little surprise waiting for you when you knock on the door, but I won't ruin any surprises...The restaurant is dark with red leather big booths, with dark red velvet walls. They had a Sinatra styled singer performing, and we even had a magician stop by our tables and BLOW OUR MINDS!!  Seriously, one of the trippiest and straight-up scary performances I've ever seen. This dude was the son of satan.Now on to the food... We started with a few appetizers. Ma's Meatballs, Calamari, and Bust a Cap Mushroom Caps. All were great, but the very spicy meatballs were my favorite. The warm breadsticks served with garlic butter were bomb as well. I ordered the Chicken Parm with Spaghetti con Suga and a creamy garlic salad. The salad was so tasty! The spaghetti fantastic! And the chicken parm so on point, it was perfection! The salad was one of my favorite salads I've ever had, and the chicken parm was possibly my favorite ever.Now, onto the dessert... The chocolate covered cannoli was the best cannoli I've ever had. This place was a clean sweep! Awesome ambiance, cool theme and schtick, good entertainment, and fantastic food.5 stars and a must stop for me next time I'm in Sin City. Highest possible recommendation.
5	Amazing food, hospitality, and atmosphere!! The steak was so tender and juicy. The eggplant Parmesan was perfect!We'll definitely go back
4	My sister and I took our father to Capo's the night before Father's Day.  We made a reservation 2 days prior thinking it would be crowded, but it wasn't.The food was delicious! Our server (Geri) was lovely and attentive. Our bus boy (Brandon) was courteous and quick. There was a really entertaining singer (Bobby Liguori) who was wonderful as well as a magician (Victor or "V") who did some good table side card tricks. A lady also came by with roses for sale. The atmosphere is mobster fun and the entire staff is friendly.  The restrooms were clean.We all enjoyed the experience very much and we will return again soon! Good job Capo's!!!
5	Always enjoy this restaurant because they show their appreciation for me stopping in. I'm a Las Vegas resident and have hundreds of choices for dining out yet this establishment never disappoints. Put a smile on, figure out how to get in, then enjoy a wonderful evening. Hint: I'm going on record here. Whatever you order is gonna be great, or else. Ask for Dominick or Nico.
3	This is a unique experience, highlighted by the mob themed schtick that starts literally as you enter the door. The food, is better than average and you get a lot of it! The meatball appetizer is terrific, and everyone was happy with their meals. Desert was also top notch with the cannoli. Here's the one rub, and it's annoying. Because we had 8 of us, the 18% tip is included. That's fair, but I have to say that our waitress was below par. Inattentive, and lacking instincts to determine some basic needs that we had were annoying, but literally having to have other servers find her for us was aggravating. She seemed to lack training and her work ethic was marginal. I still say come for the food and atmosphere, but beware that automatic tipping leads to unmotivated waitresses on occasion.
5	Great theme ! Awesome singing ! good Italian food ! Worth the drive off the strip ! The food and the service is great !
4	I'm a schmuck for anything Old Vegas or mob related so obviously this was on my must visit list since moving here.The atmosphere is great. The side door entrance and questioning through the peephole started it off right. The wooden floors, red plush vinyl booths, damask velvet wallpaper and chandeliers were all great.  The entertainment (Frank Sinatra crooner) was a nice touch. It was only slightly awkward when he came up to the table and made direct eye contact causing me to stop my conversation mid-sentence to act like I was swooning.The food was good but not anything to write home about. Kinda standard fare for higher than standard prices. If you tell yourself you're coming for the experience and entertainment then you can convince yourself the prices are alright. If you're visiting in town you probably budgeted for paying too much for everything anyway. If you're local... come for the 2 for one entree deal they have on Tuesdays.*If you want a nice booth near the entertainment you must request it when you make your reservation.
4	Last night was my first time into Capo's.  I am Italian so always looking for good Italian food which is hard to find in Vegas.  I was not that impressed with the atmosphere as it is WAY too dark in there!  They provide a flashlight to see the menu so I think they could turn the lights up even a slight bit would be better as I became skeptical of what they are trying to hide.  The A/C needs to be fixed as it was blazing hot in there and the server kept trying to turn the temp down, but the AC unit simply couldnt cool it down.  Putting the darkness and temp aside, once the food came, it was EXCELLENT!  I had the chicken parm which was ENORMOUS and delicious!  My husband had the penne with pink sauce and sausage and I will definitely get that next time as it was fabulous!  I was SURPRISED on how good the food was!  And, as Tuesday nights are locals nights, we received 2 for 1...yup, we will definitely go back any Tuesday night!  I suggest to the restaurant though to turn the lights up a bit as we all eat with our eyes first and it is annoying to have it that dark.  I get the mob theme, but the same feeling can occur even with the lights ON.  That and the AC to be fixed.  I definitely say give it a try! (For those complaining about the cost, that is because they use good cheese, olive oil, etc.  This is not at the same level of a commercial Olive Garden, it is far better.)
5	Been to Capos many times. They had been on a downhill slide but they are back big time!Favorites are:- Angels with Dirty Faces- Caprese- Garlic cheese bread (OMG!)Service attentive and accurate. My one complaint is they keep their wine a bit too warm, but everything else makes up for it. Enjoy! Amazing ambiance and fun. A MUST VISIT when in Vegas!
4	Just the experience and service is amazing! Oh, and the food is great too! It has everything one would expect from an italian restaurant and yet, it's more than that!
5	Took a date here on Thursday, July 3rd and had a great time.  The food was good, the service was excellent and we enjoyed the live music.  I would recomend the restaurant.
1	This place was okay I had the chicken anastasia, it was a dry piece of chicken stuffed with spinach someone forgot about the ricotta, the sugo sauce was awful and bland, but my hubby had the gotti and mash potatoes and it was delicious. Beware this is not a place to go with a big party, and beware they charge $100.00 for the private room and with big parties they don't allow you to sit anywhere else then the private room. They add on tips and the service sucks.. They don't allow splitting the checks. The power went out our server never came to check on us once during the outage, if it wasn't for the bus boy we never would have gotten our drinks refilled, and it took 2.5 hours to get our food.. we attempted to make reservations earlier that day but they don't open til 5pm we called at 450pm and we're able to make a reservation were told that they would waived the room fee, when we got there they hunted me down to question me about the fee. I wouldn't have minded paying the fee but there was no air conditioning and it was a little side room that was hot and stuffy and there was no view to enjoy the entertainment,  not what one expects to pay additional for. Our bill was over 400.00 and an additional tip of 85 was placed on the bill for a party of 10 adults and 4 children. After the 2.5 hour wait for dinner we couldn't wait to get out of there and I was to hot and exhausted from complaining about the stupid room fee to stay and complain about the awful service. I felt ripped of with the quailty and quanity of the food vs. The price. I thank them for at least taking the room fee off as it is not worth it and they had told me that they would waive the fee in the first place anyways. Thank you Capos for making our yearly Vegas family vacation dinner memorable in a bad way.  We won't be back, there is to many other places in Las Vegas that consistantly serve better food with better service then this place that will appreciate our business..
5	I went with a group of people for a Birthday. Fantastic Service, Fabulous food everyone loved their food from lasagna, meatball, chicken alfredo, pasta...Piano Player was great & the magician who came to the table was Awesome! Highly recommend for a fun dinner experience..
1	Food was goodish. Service was BAD!!!!!  I ordered a corona and it was served with a lemon?!  There were long delays between courses, asked for chicken with my pasta(didn't get it) but was still charged. I just paid for it because I didn't want to wait for the updated check. Cool concept but really bad service.
5	Best Italian food I have EVER had. And the ambiance gets a high rating too. Service was also great. It was more than a $50 cab ride over here from the strip, but so so so worth it. If you are visiting Vegas, it would really be in your best interest to make it here. Oh, and you must try the cheesy garlic bread appetizer.
5	Great friendly service.  Out of veal when we were there, but they explained to us the chef looked at it from their supplier and sent it back. Settled for Chicken parm and wasn't disappointed!  Great desserts as well. A great experience for all including kids!  Yelp said it was 2 miles from the strip, but it was more like 12 miles. It was worth the extra millage and cab fare. We will return
4	Great place for really good Italian.
3	We were on our way to Vegas and I happened to catch an episode of Mystery Diners or something like that, on Food Network. I really appreciated that they were trying to figure out a way to manage the experience of table side and live entertainment without the added drama of expecting patrons to tip. The place looked nice on the show, so we made a reservation and drove over there during our vacation.We were kind of confused by the entrance and the vestibule to get in was uncomfortably hot as we tried to figure out if we were at the right place or some kind of mob front... So I guess they have it going on there. The server was friendly. My husband had an Italian Margarita. It was delicious. I don't care for drinking much, but yum! The cheesy bread was great, as everyone describes. I loved the orange sauce.I was excited about the table side magician--even though it was a different guy than was featured on the show. The singer was singing along "dedicating" songs to everyone in the house. It was kind of annoying because he kept talking to us directly and calling us my name.  As we ate our appetizer, we noted that the table side magician was finishing up with another table--and very directly solicited a tip. This annoyed me because I had taken the show on faith as an infomercial for good, honest service without this pressure.We passed, very firmly, on the table side entertainment.  After three times of insisting that we would rather engage in intimate conversation, he finally moved along.Our entrees--ravioli and stuffed rigatoni-- were delicious. We passed on dessert. Had we not been driving back to the strip, my husband would have definitely had another drink--it was that good.All in all, the food was good.  If you're into mob stuff, you'll probably love it: There are streaming gangster movies in the background.  If you're looking at reviews because you learned about this establishment from the show they were on--it is no longer their policy to refuse tips, and I think that's pretty dishonest to perform, then pretty much demand a tip.
4	I've been here a few times and have been happy every time. The first was with a large group. We didn't have a reservation, but they graciously accommodated our group of 12. To get in is a bit gimmicky, but goes with the speakeasy theme. The second time I went with my girlfriend for a romantic dinner. We sat by the mic, and the singer serenaded us with a love song. While the singing isn't exactly my thing, I love a place that is queer friendly! The food was good. It was pretty standard Italian fare. I had the chicken parmigiana, which I recommend. Overall, it's a cute place that's different from the average place. I recommend.
5	Loved the atmosphere and hidden doorway!!! Our waiter called us boss.the food was great and loved the Frank Sinatra singer. The godfather played in the background. Can't wait to go back! Very old vegas!
4	Dinner in the dark.On the recommendation from some friends and it did not disappoint. We were a group of seven, with no reservation and had a little bit of a wait. Time moved quickly as we watched people coming in get surprised (I will not spoil that for you.)Once we had a table, we were treated to live music from a fella who was attentive (and fairly sneaky) to our table. It was very dark, but luckily the menus came with little flashlights.The food was great and the pastas noodles were homemade. Though it was a bit tricky to avoid dropping food on myself.
4	The atmosphere was amazing! The guy who opens the "secret door" was awesome! Our waitress was very sweet. The Sinatra impersonator has an incredible voice,we thought he was lip singing at first but no all him. The food was okay not anything to rant and rave about a little to garlicky(and I love garlic). The only dish we actually enjoyed was the bruschetta.
5	Great fun, great food and great people. Can't wait to go back!
5	Capo's is a terrifically themed speakeasy. From the front door to Bobby singing Sinatra tunes, The atmosphere is all encompassing.The food is 5 star also. My eggplant parmesan was just right. Not oily and coated with tasty cheese toasted to perfection, Morello beer to wash it down.Enjoy a night out with some bootleg hooch and don't forget to hit the tip jar on the piano... or else some Goomba might pay you a visit.
5	The food and service were both good, and the mob theme made the experience more interesting.  The live music and low-level lighting created a nice ambiance.  I was really impressed with the singer and thought he sounded just like Tony Bennett.  Will definitely go back.
5	Came here on Saturday night for my mom's birthday. It was our first time here as we were visiting from out of town and it was such an awesome experience. You have to ring a doorbell before you walk in and once you enter there is dim lighting, a guy singing, and an overall fun atmosphere. The staff was really friendly and attentive. The dark lighting makes it hard to read the menus but good thing they have flashlights inside. Definitely try the salad with the garlic dressing it is so delicious. I got the arrabiata pasta and added a meatball and was so disappointed our hotel didn't have a fridge because I would have loved to eat the left overs. This is a great place to go for a date or as a group. Even though it is a little off the strip it is totally worth it for the great experience. Capo's is definitely a place I will be returning to next time I am in Vegas. We also made reservations..not sure if it is required but I would definitely recommend it. We arrived about 15 minutes before our reservation time and were immediately seated.
4	So this is a Speakeasy joint.  I came for the 1st time in 2012 & returned again last week.  This joint has not changed much.  I like the ambiance & feel of the place.  The food is about the same as I can remember, but the live entertainment is a plus & service was pretty good.  The cocktails were nice and at reasonable prices.  The wine list was decent for this caliber eatery.  There was a magician walking around the tables performing tricks for tips.  That was a bit distracting, but hey, we all have to earn a living so hustle away man...
4	I like the whole mob feeling about the place. The entrance is fun, and the food was great! I got the spicy arrabiata sauce with penne, it was excellent. The garlic cheese bread is also a must have. This is a nice place to go for a date night. It's dark, candle lit and romantic.
4	Atmosphere and service are a 10 if we could go that high.  Food was a 4 and that's why we rated at a 4 star.  Live music 7 nights a week and was also very good.  If you're looking for an old school Italian restaurant this would be on top of the list.
4	I went to this place with some friends and we had a very good time.  The food is a little pricey for what you get in Vegas but the entertainment more than made up for it.  There was a table side magician and a Frank Sinatra type singer who was wonderful! We will definitely go again!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE. From the moment I walked into the restaurant and rang the doorbell to get in and the door had a slit that opened to see who was there. Totally a mafia style and speakeasy place. Very dark lighting but there are lights on the menus. The booths were great as well as the atmosphere. Mafia stuff to Rat Pack memorabilia hanging on the walls. The Godfather was playing behind the bar and there was a singer walking around to the tables who was great and very entertaining. Also a magician came to our table to entertain us, he was very good! Impressive and totally interactive. The food was delicious. Being Italian, I am very picky about Italian food (my mom makes some of the best) so I know what good Italian food is. I have been to many Italian food places and this one is DEFINITELY a standout. I cant wait to go back.HIGHLY RECOMEND!
2	First off, the ambiance and building are fantastic.  We got lost and missed our reservation and they were super helpful getting us another one the next night.  We were excited when we got there because it was a fantastic set up (although in a weird area for tourists).  They have a beautiful piano but no one played it.  Instead there was a man singing to a karaoke machine with Sinatra CD's.  There was a magician going table to table but he did not visit our table.   However, the food is mediocre at best.  The fried ravioli was obviously frozen then dropped in a fryer.  It was mushy and tasteless.  The salads were fine.  Romaine lettuce seemed fresh and dressing was fine.  It tasted over seasoned, but we could not identify the spice over used.  Basil???   I ordered the fetticcine  Alfredo with grilled chicken and it was awful.  The chicken was NOT grilled.  I'm pretty sure it was frozen, precooked chicken chunks.  The sauce was awful and did not taste fresh.  Husband had the lasagna and said it was not good.  He ate a little then said, "It's not even worth finishing".  Everything was over seasoned as if they use bottled sauce and just add seasoning to make it taste "better."  We did not bother with dessert.  So disappointing because it was NOT cheap.  The theme is really neat that's it.  Not fresh, not good, not tasty.
5	What a cool place. It's like stepping back in time to get a glimpse of how Vegas used to be. Not only is the atmosphere great, but the  food was delicious too. I had the eggplant parmigiana, my husband had the scampi, and our kids had the chicken Marsala and pasta. So yummy... Our waiter, Bruce Fiore, was very attentive and really took care of us. Kevin Dicosta sang beautifully throughout the evening. He came to our booth, chatted with us, and really made us feel like family. My daughter loved that he sang her request and dedicated it to us. The whole feel was reminiscent to the Rat Pack. This place is truly special. My family and I had such a great time and will definitely be back the next time we're in Las Vegas!
4	Great Italian ambiance with live music for entertainment & real Italian cuisine!  They even had an excellent magician when we were there.  Recommend this off the beaten path Vegas restaurant.  About 10 minutes from the strip.
4	Went to Capo's for the first time last night with 2 friends - LOVED it!  I ordered an Italian Margarita - it was sweet and yummy!  We started dinner with 2 apps - cheesy garlic bread and mushroom caps,  The mushroom caps were the BEST!!  I decided to try the nightly special - panko chicken breast stuffed - sitting in a bed of spinach and roasted potatoes!  So GOOD!  I really wanted to try some desert - but I was too full!  If you're in the mood to try Capo's - get the mushroom caps to start for sure!  Oh, I loved watching Casino on the TV in the dining room and listening to the singer at the piano...a fun night for sure!!
2	Good Food!  Love the pink sauce!  The singer is a cool cat...it's just way way way to loud!  Fun times though..if your local you got to go on a Tuesday buy one get one free it can't be that if you're on a diet avoid this restaurant at all cost if you're not on a diet because your phone it may become addictive especially with the Tuesday special buy one get one free I recommend the racketeers ravioli with pink sauce!
5	I love this place! I haven't even eaten here yet and my mind is blown! I love the decor and the the service. I have the a feeling the food is going to be amazing. My friend suggested this place and he's a chef...need I say more?
5	Great service, huge portions, full flavor, and great entertainment especially the magician!
5	Everything a 100% Italian girl from Chicago could wish for!!  Gangsters, bootlegging, Italian music, smell of garlic in the air and gangster movies playing on the television. The menu is full of delightful Italian dishes all uniquely named by famous gangsters.  I was greeted at the secret passage way by Owner Dominick himself.  The restaurant is dimly lit...and works well with the ambiance...menu's all have little lights in them :) I came in for lunch and ordered the Caprese Salad...and WOW! Full dish of fresh mozzarella, thick tomatoes, basil...just like grandma used to make! Love it! Love it!
4	If you like the mob life you'll love this joint.  Live crooner sinjng the old tunes and he sings them so well.  Food is good Italian fare which is hard to mess up.   The atmosphere is what makes this place special.  Dark dimly lit.   Total mobster speak easy feel
5	I love this place !!!! It's dark and fun with great food. If you want great Italian food with an amazing dining experience this is the place to try. I went with a small group and had a blast!
4	The entrance is awesome. You ring a doorbell and a guy pokes his head out n asks if u have a reservation. As soon as u walk in, a huge smell of garlic and tomatoes is in the air. There caesar salad is very good. I ordered the Vinnie alla Vodka which was very delicious.
4	We've been coming here for a few years when family comes in to visit. We love the dark (comical) mobster-style dining experience and we've always left there in good spirits. The singer is entertaining with a great voice and the food is DELICIOUS. I love the cheese bread and the Ravioli topped with Alfredo sauce. My Dad and step mom still talk about how much they love it, 2 years later. The ambiance is unique and quite "Sinatra", especially for out of town, southern guests:)
5	We had a blast at this place. The food for the decor. It's a dark and seedy looking old joint. I loved it. The food was very good. I would gladly go here again if I'm in Vegas again. If you're looking for an excellent dining experience, get off the strip and this place in in Vegas the down, not the tourist parts. Go and have fun. Enjoy the experience and for god sake dress up?
4	Food was real good. The aura was real nice and also the employees was real attentive which is always a plus. Brought the kids along which may not have been a great idea, kids are welcomed but not as kid friendly as they didn't have kids cups or kids menus but LOVED everything else about this restaurant as a first timer here. When in town will be coming back to!!!!
5	We had a blast at this place. The food for the decor. It's a dark and seedy looking old joint. I loved it. The food was very good. I would gladly go here again if I'm in Vegas again. If you're looking for an excellent dining experience, get off the strip and this place in in Vegas the down, not the tourist parts. Go and have fun. Enjoy the experience and for god sake dress up!
5	Great restaurant!  Enjoyed with 4 of our grand kids that are in their early 20's.  The Mob atmosphere added to a great experience.  The staff were very friendly; the service remarkable; the food was a delight and the dessert a mouth watering experience.  We were entertained by a young man who performed his magic tricks at our table and musically entertained by the piano musician.
2	We have always loved this place! This has always been our go to place when here for the National Final's Rodeo. We have always recommended this restaurant to all our friends coming to Vegas! We have always made our reservations for Tuesday night because it's 2 for 1...but we were very disappointed tonight. Apparently only locals are encouraged to come on Tuesdays because you have to be a local to get 2 for 1 on Tuesday. I really don't understand this concept and never heard of any restaurant having this policy. Our bill was $270 for 7 people and of course we were expecting it to be half of that. I spoke to the manager after we received the bill and she explained this was their new policy. She did deduct $20. I'm still very disappointed that a business wants to serve locals differently than anyone who walks through their doors.
5	Loved it. Been back 3 times in the past 2 weeks. I'm an old school Italian and appreciate fine dining and authentic food. This place is superb. Their service is on point as well as the atmosphere. Ziggy the door man is a riot. It's now my Tuesday dinner spot with my crew!
5	Absolutely loved everything about this place! Atmosphere, food, sangria...all amazing and so much fun!
4	I had a great time there.  I did reservations over the website.  Kind of wish they had some kind of code word to get into the place.  It was my birthday and ordered the special.  I should of asked how much.  It was a rib-eye steak.  My girlfriend got the bill and it turned out to be an $80 dollar steak.  Well worth it, just wish I would have been warned.  Still the best steak, I've ever eaten.
5	Great place to check out when your in Vegas!  It is a few min. off the strip but fun and different.  The food was amazing True Italian flavor!  The service was great with a cool look and feel to the restaurant.
5	Capo's is awesome! I always get VIP service here. Ziggy at the door giving that great greeting and Kevin's amazing singing once you get in(takes requests). Gregg and Geneva are phenomenal bartenders and take great care of my friends and family whenever we come in. The kick in the head and sucker punch are great cocktails and the food is killer. Meatballs, cheesy garlic bread, calamari apps are great. But the mushroom risotto is crazy good! The steak dinners are always a good choice. Definitely go to Capos they have groupons and specials throughout the week. Sit at the bar or grab a table just go experience this place.
5	First time here but absolutely loved everything we ordered! I think my husband and I will have dinner here every time we come to Vegas!
4	Capo's is THE PLACE to go! My girlfriend and I have been there numerous times (both for lunch and for dinner). The entrance is a truly unique experience, the place has a singer every night and the night we went was a gentleman who sang Sinatra songs.
4	Tuesday price special. Great attitude and fun waitress. Very dark and ready but the food was EXCELLENT! Bread was served wtih a spicy garlic butter - absolutely to died for. Homemade salad dressings was amazing.
5	Wow.  What a cool place to go.  If you are in vegas...capos is vegas.  Service service service.  Food was fantastic.  It's like you are going back in history and feasting with trouble...very fun.  Had the chicken parm...was a hit.  Get it.
5	I was struggling to find a place that wasn't your typical chain eatery and this is what we chose off of a recommendation.  This place had a great mix of authenticity and fun.  The wait staff was knowledgeable, prompt and courteous.  In our party of 4, not a single one of us had a bad entree and finally, it had that old school Italian speakeasy vibe that it strives for.I'd definitely recommend this place.
5	We were in Vegas for a fun weekend to start off 2015. Our son-in-law found this location searching for a nice place to take us for dinner, well Capo's fit the bill! The food was wonderful, I had the Scarface Shrimp dish, (garlic shrimp scampi in garlic sauce on a bed of angle hair). Just  wonderful.  If you sat at the bar you could watch every meal prepared in the old school, open kitchen. Fun place with really good food! Now the entertainment was great too, with Frank S. being channeled through the gifted crooner. And the slight of hand magician with the amazing card tricks was a plus to the evening.
4	It is rarity and a luxury for my husband I to get free time to ourselves. Last Saturday our daughter was spending the afternoon with her grandparents so we jumped at the opportunity to have a proper date. Capos was not really on our radar and it wasn't until we drove past it on our way back from doing some decorating at his office that we decided Italian sounded great. We turned around and got into the parking lot of Capos.I have to say that I really like the feel and the ambiance of this place. Although it is very dark when you first walk in so make sure to allow time for your eyes to adjust. My husband made a comment that this was the type of place one would bring their mistress. It was dark with high red booths offering privacy and comfort. Our server was excellent. She was knowledgable, friendly and energetic. She took our drink orders promptly after we were seated. They do have a happy hour menu mon-sat but it is only at the bar.We opted for one cocktail each... They ranged between $12-14 per.We started off with their fresh calamari which was lightly battered and complemented by sliced Peperoncinis for that added zest. $14,95For my entree  I opted for "Angels a With Dirty Faces" which was angel hair pasta in pink sauce with peas and mushrooms. I added grilled chicken for an extra fee. $18.95 + $6 for the chicken to be addedMy husband had "Racketeers Ravioli" which were homemade pasta pillows stuffed with ricotta cheese and he opted for Alfredo sauce as the topping sauce of choice. The ravioli tasted homemade and exactly the way my mom used to make them.  $18.95We overheard the server explain to a booth behind us that nothing in house is frozen or pre made. She stated that they have a small freezer which houses some of the desserts. That is what I like to hear. You pay the premium for it, but that's what I like to hear.All entrees come with a choice of soup or salad. I loved their garlic sauce that was on my salad. So delicious!!The only con were the prices. Even with 2 for 1 entree for locals, we ended up shelling over $70 for the two of us. Although the food and service were great, I am not thrilled with the price point enough to rush back. I can see the prices being justified because everything is made fresh and portions are fair, but Italian food ingridients generally don't warrant that kind of price unless we are adding seafood, etc.
