4	Finally, a decent Chinese restaurant in this town. Park Street is taking it up a notch with this latest addition. While I've only gotten takeout here, it was one of the more satisfying takeouts I've had in a long time. I ordered the Beef Ho Fun and the Squid with Chili and Spicy Salt. The Ho Fun was done right with tender beef, a good ratio of meat: veggies: noodles, and the noodles didn't stick together in clumps! With a little fish sauce and/or hot chili oil, the Ho Fun satisfied my love for Asian fried noodles. The seasoning on the squid was delightful - perfect mix of salty and spicy.I'm looking forward to dining in sometime and trying other things on their menu. (Note: they have two, one for regular Chinese-American fare, and another for more authentic Chinese dishes). They also deliver, but I'm not sure how far.
4	I am doing my happy dance as I am munching on the foods from Orient House!! So glad to find another good, authentic Chinese food woohooo!!Now that I finally can stop myself from dancing, let me tell you about the place. I live few blocks away from this restaurant, but was never interested to try. However, I was so tempted to try it after recommendations from some Chinese friends, they said it's very authentic. So, after a long week of writing papers and working with not enough sleep and definitely no time to cook, I suddenly craved for good chinese foods and decided to give Orient house a try.It's important to say that they have Chinese and American menu, and the Chinese menu is quite extensive, I am impressed!!! So I ordered the beef tenderloin in sizzling plate (of course it wasn't sizzling anymore when I got it) and youngchow fried rice. The verdict? Happy dance!!! I'm planning to come back, maybe tomorrow, to try out the spicy menu... I'll make sure to remember to update this after I try other foods there!Oh.. and they deliver!! w
5	Authentic Chinese food! Woohoo!! I can't believe a restaurant near me has Di San Xian (Stir Fried Triple Fresh). I ordered this a ton when I lived in China.I speak some chinese and lived in Beijing for a year. Of course the food is not as good as what you can get in China but they are trying hard and I'll keep going back. The people who work there are really nice too. My boyfriend who has never had authentic chinese food is really impressed with the flavor. Make sure to order off of the chinese menu. Try the eggplant or string beans and make sure to say you vegetarian if you want vegetarian. This is traditional chinese food so there is meat in the "vegetable" section which isn't stated on the menu.
4	Suuuuuuuuuch good delivery Chinese/Chinese-American. I can't get enough. I don't know of another place of this caliber with DOLLAR DELIVERY (okay, maybe my mind is warped from years in Chicago, I don't know) and six-dollar seafood dishes if you get the dinner special. My favorite is the Squid with Chili and Spicy Salt but everything I have had so far has been delectable. I miss Chicago's Chinatown, but Orient House totally makes up for that when I'm feeling glum.
4	This place was really great. Friendly, warm service. Not to mention, probably the best Chinese food I've had in Madison. I'll definitely be going back.
4	We ignored this place for awhile... the generic name did not inspire confidence... Finally tried it a few months back and have been back 5 times since. It's good! Between Fugu and this place, the quality of Chinese food in Madison is on the rise. My only criticism: - If you don't want msg, you need to mention it.- I've seen some issues with consistency...
4	This is definitely the best Chinese restaurant in Madison.The crab rangoon was good, pretty generic.What really stood out was their fried rice. I don't normally order pork fried rice, but my dad ordered some for the table and the flavor was phenomenal. The flavor was awesome, much more so than most Chinese restaurants in the area, whose fried rice tastes like white rice.I thought that the portions sizes were great, I really liked the lazy susans at all of the tables, it made sharing extremely convenient.
5	Background: I lived in Beijing ten years ago, and I basically haven't eaten Chinese food since. I simply have not found any Chinese food worth eating in Madison or Milwaukee, and after a while I gave up looking. A few weeks ago, another friend who also has lived in Beijing, and is lucky enough to live a few blocks from Orient House, sent me a near-frantic e-mail announcing that she had found real Chinese food in Madison. This was monumental. I thought about it every day for the week I had to wait to get to Madison.  First of all, order off the Chinese menu. And eat family style. There are plenty of things that even a not-too adventurous eater will like. You may need to like spicy food. For example, try the spicy string beans - I ate these probably four times a week in Beijing - and I think they are just as good here. There are just no green bean like these green beans. Try them. We also got something called fried chicken with dried peppers, which was very tasty small pieces of fried chicken tossed with green onions and hot peppers. Really good. Finally, we ordered yu xiang xie zi, which I unfortunately don't know the exact translation for, although I think it is listed on the Chinese menu as Eggplant in garlic sauce. This is a dish I have thought about for years. It's sticks of eggplant cooked until perfect soft and drenched in a sauce that I don't know how to describe other than to say it's very delicious. My only regret about this meal is that we didn't have about six more people with us so that we could have sat around the lazy susan and tried a lot more dishes. Everything that passed by me reminded me of China. I saw lots of amazing-looking veggies dishes, lots of saucy delicious-I'm-sure pork plates, and generally the menu had me wanting more. I can't wait to go back.
5	This is the best Chinese food I have eaten in a while. I haven't been to the restaurant, but I've ordered delivery twice and both times it was superb. I've only tried the food from the Chinese menu because I generally do not American-Chinese food.  I highly suggest the stir fry pork with vegetables as well as the eggplant in garlic sauce. In addition, the food always comes quickly and they are always very friendly. One of my favorite delivery places in Madison!
4	Best Chinese food I have had in a long time.   Delicious.  Hunan Beef is what I ordered.   Flavorful with excellent spice/heat.   The place has plenty of room.  The atmosphere wasn't the best.  Music was some sort of country rock, the tv up front had a cartoon on it with the sound down way low.  I felt more like I was eating at a fast food place rather than at a Chinese Restaurant.  If they can clean up the atmosphere I would put them to 5 stars.    Good and friendly service too.  Great prices.  Inexpensive for a good quantity of food.Have returned a number of times.   Everything very good so far.  Most recent visit we received helpful, friendly and speedy service.   The food was excellent, full of flavor.   Thank goodness because the regular Chinese food stops have really gone downhill when it comes to good flavor.   The chop suey, chicken fried rice and the Szechuan chicken were very good to perfect.   Thank you Orient House for being there.
5	Easily the best Chinese food I've had in Madison. The food is reasonably priced, hot, and delicious. Definitely try the fried rice. Best I've had.
5	Amazing Home made style! Love it!
5	I love their fish and beef. I am so glad they moved from Middleton here. It's just so great.
4	New to the neighborhood and working my way down Park St. I could be a regular here.  Hi quality, low cost, fast and friendly service and they deliver. That's four stars right there. Two menus, one for the Asian palette, one for the American. As soon as S.U. (spousal unit) joins me, we can start ordering multiple dishes.A good start.
5	Orient House rocks! Fantastic food, excellent service. The combination of funky decor, friendly owner and staff, and outstanding food (try items from the traditional Chinese menu) cannot be surpassed. Highest recommendation.
4	This place is the first place I've been to in Madison where the food reminds me of my mother's homestyle Chinese cooking. Order off the Chinese menu if you want some true Chinese food.The spicy string beans were good, but a little bit overcooked. The Mao po tofu was delicious. The walnut shrimp was right on, delicious, and rivals some of the Chinese restaurants that I've been to in NYC, San Francisco, Taiwan, and Hong Kong.I will definitely be a repeat customer.
3	Garlic Beef: Very tasty, very spicy.Orange Chicken: Way too fatty. Hardly even tasted like chicken.Crab Rangoons + Sweet & Sour: Delicious, about the same as you'd get anywhere else though. Sweet & sour wasn't overpowering, not as abrasive as usual.
5	General Tso chicken was great.  Ho fun was also tasty, although a bit bland.  We got delivery, and even though we were technically outside their delivery zone, they took our order and delivered the yummy food within 30 minutes.  Friendly and reasonably priced. And yes, that's five stars for Madison.  I am sure there are tastier Chinese restaurants elsewhere, but compared to other Madison options, definitely a winner.
4	I've ordered takeout from here a bunch of times and eaten at the restaurant one time.  The eggplant stuffed with pork is delicious. I think their wonton soup is one of the best I've ever had.  It tastes like they make it from scratch and the wontons are delicious.  Instead of that florescent yellow soup that some places serve, this is a cloudy chicken brother with lots of vegetables and wontons. for $1.95, I would say it's one of the best deals around.  Everything here is a little oily and salty, but the prices are good and the staff is very friendly.  It would get 5 stars if they could cut down on the oil.
1	Look, the food is good, and the service is fine in the restaurant. But beware of delivery! Pre-ordered a dinner for two at 5pm for delivery at 7pm on a Saturday night. Saturdays are busy, but two hours lead time ... At 8:30 (90 minutes late!), still getting the "15 or 20 minutes" line, so I cancelled the order. I can't believe a restaurant could botch something so simple so badly. Don't offer delivery if you can't follow through.
2	Ordered delivery, based on the reviews & hoping for a bright spot in Madtowns rather dismal Chinese scene.Live & Learn, right?OK delivery time was spot-on.The chicken fried rice was MUCH better than the bland pile o white rice that comes with most Chinese fare.The entrees were decent, broccoli not over cooked, shrimp not rubbery even tho they had to sit in a delivery container.The eggrolls.Oh dear the eggrolls. cabbage & oil in  greasy wrapper? I found little else.Egg drop soup.Water, cornstarch, egg & ??? Even some MSG would have been nice.So then, go for the entrees, try a different soup, avoid the cabbage  rolls.Peace!
5	Best Chinese in Madison!! I always order the beef lo mein and steamed dumplings. Crave it all the time!!!
5	This place is easily in the top 3 for Chinese Restaurants in Madison! Prices are very reasonable and the taste is outstanding when ordered from the Chinese-side of the menu. (I've never ordered from the Americanized-side so I can't vouch for it, but stick to the authentic fare!)Here are some of my favorites: Spicy Egg Plant with Ground Pork, Deep Fried Chicken with Dry Chili Peppers, Spicy String Beans, Hong Shao Tofu and Beef Ho Fun.I've been going about once a week since I discovered it so I anticipate adding to the list above!
3	Kung Pao Beef: Pretty good, but the meat was sliced very thin and there wasn't a lot of it. Sauce was a little too runny and spicy for my taste but the vegetables were very fresh.General Tso's Chicken: Out of this world. The orange chicken I ordered last time might have been a fluke, because this chicken was juicy and delicious. And while most Asian places tend to either leave you with inedible dried pieces of chicken and/or watery pieces of instantly-dissolving fat in the General Tso's chicken, there wasn't a single piece that fell into this trap.Spring Rolls: Great. Perfectly crispy. Contains a very simple combination of veggies though, kind of requires a dipping sauce for it to be any good.
5	finally some good chinese food! I am ahppy with the kung pao chicken. spicy egglplant is my favorite by far.
5	This place is great, and will change your idea of what Chinese food can be.  We're not huge Chinese food fans, usually opting for something more "interesting"--thai, mexican, etc.  But after we found this place we found ourselves going here over and over.  Their menu is huge, and in fact there are two menus, one that americans expect, and one more authentic chinese.  If you want spicier food with less emphasis on meat, more sea food and veggies, etc., try the chinese menu.  Also, if you think that all chinese food comes with heavy sugary sauces, you MUST try this restaurant.  The majority of veggies on my plate are always very fresh, crispy crunchy carrots, pea pods, celery, broccoli....very impressive.  The sauces are unobtrusive, and you really taste the good ingredients.  Oh yeah, and the lunch specials are big and about $6.
4	We were in Madison for a family funeral and took the extended family to Orient House for a very late lunch/early dinner. Not being familiar with the restaurants in the area, we used reviews from Yelp to choose this restaurant. When we arrived, there was no one in the restaurant and we were all afraid the good reviews had been misleading/inaccurate. But we were starving and even though there were two Japanese and a Peruvian restaurants right on the same street, we took our chances and walked through the door. It was the best dinning decision we've made in a long, long time.We had a party of seven and ordered several standard, safe dishes -- chicken fried rice, house special lo mein, chicken with snow peas, walnut shrimp, and sweet and sour chicken. Everything was fresh and delicious, probably the best Chinese food we've had in a very long time. The sweet and sour chicken, which is always a fall-back dish for my Americanized kids and me (in case the rest of the order wasn't good), was lightly breaded and is preferable to many others we've had which overcoat their chicken with breading. The walnut shrimp was also not overly sauced like others we've had; it was just perfectly balanced with sweet and crunchy. Something as simple as fried rice was also done well, not too greasy but flavorful. The other dishes were equally good. The portions were not small and not large, just perfect. We ordered a second serving of fried rice and received a bill of just over $50. We were shocked at how inexpensive our meal was, left a generous tip and walked out happy and full.As typical with most small, family-owned Asian restaurants, the wait staff wasn't always attentive (also limited English) but that's just something you come to expect. When we ran out of hot tea, I had to ask the gentleman at the cashier counter for more; he refilled our teapot with hot water but didn't replace the tea bag so we basically got slightly off-color, hot water to finish our meal.Overall, we were extremely pleased with the quality of the food. Can't wait for the next time we are in the area to make a return visit to Orient House to try other items on the menu.
4	The spring rolls did indeed taste homemade and were great. Their hot and sour soup was just the right consistency and didn't taste "cheap", if you know what I mean.The crab rangoon was mostly cream cheese, and our main dishes weren't incredible but they were tasty and we ate it all up! If you're looking for some Chinese take-out and don't want to go for the really cheap stuff like A8, then this is a good bid.
5	Delicious, always my go to place for delicious, non-greasy chinese food in Madison!
5	Fabulous food. True, the space could be more inviting. Nothing is wrong with the restaurant, it just is a bit plain. But not the food. It's wonderful! Let me tell you, whether you order food that is American-Chinese or the traditional, you will NOT be disappointed. Some of my favorites: Szechuan ChickenHot and Sour SoupChicken with Mixed VegetablesStir-fried Lotus and VegetablesPepper Steak with OnionsI've also had a whole fish dish there, but I forgot the name. Really good. I've had other dishes, but those stand out for me. I rated this place as moderate in price, but that's only because I always order two dishes or more, because I love having left overs for the next day. The food is actually extremely well priced, especially the lunch menu, which you can get a great dish and rice and I believe an egg roll for under $7. The staff is friendly, if a bit tired-seeming once in a while.  Delivery from Grub Hub always comes within half an hour. Really really really happy with this place.
2	Eh. It was OK. I ordered sweet and sour chicken for my kids, which they normally love, but this... this was more like sweet and sour jello. The sauce was incredibly thick and lumpy. I've never seen anything quite like that before. The General Tso's was average. The dumplings were OK, but rather small. We won't be going back anytime soon.
5	Online ordering. Excellent fried rice. Reliable. I won't pretend to be a connoisseur of fine Chinese cuisine - but I love Orient House. I've never been to the actual restaurant - I've always ordered delivery (...do people dine in at Chinese restaurants? To me, Chinese food is a pajamas-and-Netflix type of experience.)We always order the special combination meals: General Tso's and mixed chicken/veggie. Both dishes arrive hot and taste delicious. We sub the egg rolls for vegetable spring rolls and it's never been a problem. Maybe there's better delivery Chinese food in Madison but I won't be searching for it anytime soon; I'm happy with Orient House.
5	Hands down best Chinese food in Madison.The menu is huge. You have plentiful of optionsand prices are pretty good. This is the only Chinese place I have been to in Madisonthat puts bean sprouts in their food and to me, that is what makesit Chinese.  I love their veggie soup. The broth is always fresh aswell as the veggies. It's amazing. If you eat it, I think you get larger portion sizes.My one complaint is their spring rolls are too greasy and their crab ragooncan be filled more. Other then that, this is the best place to go for authentic Chinese food.
4	Just came home from dining at the Orient House and I have quite a few positives to share:Friendly staff - at least the hostess. She was very sweet and patient all the while being extremely busy.Food was priced very well. I got a combination meal which includes an entree, fried rice, and an egg roll, for $7.55 I believe. There was a large portion of fried rice, which, if I might add, is quite scrumptious. The egg roll is an average everyday egg roll, but still tasty. The entree was portioned fairly well, also. On top of my combination meal, my date and I ordered an appetizer of crab rangoon. We were served 8 rangoon's with sweet & sour sauce, and they were so good, although I would prefer they had more filling. My date ordered the Egg Drop soup and that was one of the highlights of the night. I kind of snuck in more than a few slurps. Oops, couldn't help it. It was delicious.To continue with the final price of this meal is something else. In total we purchased 2 combination meals, a bowl of egg drop soup, hot tea for one, and a crab rangoon appetizer for $23. Not bad, I'd say.Also, a plus for this restaurant is there is a small parking lot specifically for customers, so if you drive in and the street is full, you're not screwed. I think I will definitely be coming back for more.
2	Well I'm not sure what to put here because it was very different from any other chinese food that I've eaten. I ordered the chicken and broccoli which had hardly any sauce on it, it was bland. I also ordered vegetable lo mein which is my go to. I could eat that stuff all day and I didn't really like orient's at all. Maybe this is more authentic than I'm used to, but I won't order from here again. and the other thing that made me upset was that for delivery your order on its own not including tax and delivery fee had to be 15, which I know is pretty standard but my total was 14.75 and they wouldn't even let that slide. Oh well
3	Meh. While many of the items on the menu could have come from a Szechuan restaurant in any large city, the authenticity of the taste didn't quite live up to my expectations. Their food is doused in way too much sauce, as if they're trying to compensate for taste. The food wasn't the freshest I've had, but when you take an hour and a half to deliver something that you said would take 45 minutes, it could take away from the freshness. Their cuts of meat also weren't of the quality I'm used, giving it a stale taste. My least favorite part, however, was that their chicken dishes aren't boneless. I ordered their Deep Fried Chicken with Dry Chili Peppers, a favorite of mine, and was sorely disappointed.The chicken wasn't fully fried, creating a dichotomy between the crispy outsides and the soft insides. Also, the chicken had bones in it, making it extremely difficult to eat. However, I will give a huge props to their Fried Sweet Bun, which was absolutely delicious. And at $3.55 for 10, it's also a complete steal. Too bad you have to order an additional $11.45 worth of other mediocre food to get them to deliver.And with that, my quest for good Chinese food in Madison continues on.
5	Based on the restaurants in Madison a definite five Star. Best I have had in Madison.If I were to base it on Chinese food I have had in other regions (MN, or CA) probably a 3.5.
3	This place is my go-to option when I want to spoil myself with good food. The service is friendly enough but they usually give you privacy unless you're running low on water. Their food is damn good, albeit, a bit greasy with some dishes. I always get the double cooked pork with cabbage and, from off menu, crispy pork intestines. Their traditional menu is as good as their more Americanized menu. Only gripe is that some dishes aren't as flavorful or as well assembled as others. I once got the stir fried chicken and it was made entirely of bone-in chicken chunks, which was inconvenient cause I was stopping every bite to pull out bones.Update: New owners make for a new experience. Food quality isn't as good as it used to which is a bummer because its hard to find good Chinese around here. Double-cooked pork seems a bit soggy now instead of slightly crisp before. Quantity also decreased, I used to not be able to finish a whole dish, but now it feels like I can eat an order and a half. Its not all bad though, the new breakfast menu is very flavorful; the congee is very good. Seems like their off-menu items aren't available anymore as I asked for crispy pork intestines and I was given a "huh?" Bit disappointed but hopeful. Desperately hopeful.
4	For the price, it was average, but for the food and portions, I didn't mind the cost so much. We dined in on a weekend (lunch), and it was empty so we didn't know initially if it was open. The server/hostess was very nice and our orders were quick to come out. We also saw some people come in to pick up orders, so I'm assuming ordering/calling for pickup is an option. We ordered the usual, general's chicken, broccoli beef, orange chicken, and fried rice. Awesome as far as taste goes, so I would definitely recommend if you like flavorful dishes. I took away a star only cause the little entryway has a lingering smell of garbage/alleyway dumpster and it put me off before we even started ordering, kind of like if someone recently took out the trash. Luckily the yummy food saved my appetite.
2	I previously gave Orient House 5 stars. Great food, great online ordering, great service.Not sure what has changed in the past month (the menu that came with my last order said "under new ownership") but the delivery service has gone WAY downhill. I thought it was a fluke a few weeks ago when my food took an hour and a half to arrive on a random weeknight. But the same thing happened again - except this time it took two hours. I'm sad to break up with Orient House. They were good to me for so long. But sadly, it's time to move on to something a little more reliable.
2	WARNING! New owners. The food here is different. This used to be our favorite place in Madison but we are sad to say we will never go back. It's a real bummer. Now it is just an average Chinese restaurant with bland food.The previous owners reopened under a different name!!!Magic Wok on Atwood ave. Please go to Magic Wok!
2	Orient House - once a 5 star restaurant- how now changed management as of early November 2013.I was extremely sad to see the old staff go. They were so welcoming and gave us special orders like Vegetable Soup even though it wasn't on the menu. Now, with new management, all ties of ordering off the menu foods are gone.Fried rice has changed and so have the chicken they use for sweet and sour chicken. It is much harder and the portions are much smaller.I do not like the change and may have to start going to The Journey Seafood Buffet to get my Chinese food fix ( even though I am not very fond of them all that much).for those who are use to the old Orient House may find that they do not like the new change. I certainly do not. Very, Very sad what the new management changed to the menu including prices and taken off at least 1/2 of the options that were available under previous management.I will limit my trips there from now on. Maybe even stop going all together.
2	Agree with KM's review, used to be the best in Madison, but new owner/management and the food is different. The menu looks the same, but the food is different, just ok instead of great like it used to...
2	Orient House was our go-to Chinese take out restaurant for ages, but the food has unfortunately gone downhill with the recent ownership change. I ordered the shrimp fried rice and the shrimp was cold and rubbery; prior to the ownership change I'd never had a less than stellar experience.
1	Were  regular customers of Orient House under the previous owners. The real Chinese dishes are what attracted us after experiencing Chinese from Szchechuan to Beijing to Inner Mongolia and OH made some of my favorites.  Today was first time having their food since they reopened.  Ordered takeout (we almost always ate in before) and was extremely disappointed.  First, the traditional Chinese dishes were gone--was told they threw away too much food--???  Told the Americanized Chinese menu was the same, same cook.  Well, something went wrong.  Ordered the Chicken corn soup--smaller portion, don't strain your eyes looking for the chicken.  Moo shu chicken--everything was so shredded you could hardly tell what was hidden under the overall brown mass of sauce--no discernible pieces of chicken, mushrooms, carrots, etc. although seemed like lots of cabbage and it had a definite and uncharacteristic amount of heat to it.  Moo shu isn't supposed to have heat!!!.  And looked like flour tortillas instead of thin wrappers and only about a tablespoon of Hoisin sauce.  Spring rolls were mostly cabbage, with only flecks of carrot and green onion; could find no protein in them and I think they are smaller.  The shredded pork with garlic sauce was a favorite at the old OH but this dish was shredded pork with a pinkish sauce that was as thin as water and tasted only of sugar--no garlic taste at all--and something shredded so finely I couldn't tell if it was green onion or cabbage or what and very little of that.  If they have the same cook, they certainly have not kept the same ingredients and cooking style and this food doesn't resemble any of the great food served previously.  We will definitely NOT be going there again.  Bu hao!  (Not good in Mandarin).
4	A solid Chinese restaurant with reasonable prices. Not a fancy place, especially compared to its neighbor Ichban. OH has an eclectic menu that serves both American-Chinese food and authentic Chinese food. Again, my review only apply to authentic items. It might be difficult to tell what the authentic stuff is, as they mix all items in their menu. I suggest you ask the servers before you make your orders (their English is not perfect, though). The highlight of Oriental House is everything in their Dim Sum section, a new addition to the menu after the restaurant changed owner in 2013. The steam pork bao or pork-crab bao is the best in town, and nowhere you can find real Chive Boxes (highly recommend) in a 100-mile radius. One of their chefs come from Norther Chinese city of Tianjin, which is know for flour-made cuisines like dumpling and baozi/bao. So they get some real stuff here.  My favorite thing is their "weekend breakfast" during Sat-Sun 10a-2p. You will get a chance to explore a real authentic Chinese breakfast. Make sure you order the hot soy milk. Beyond their Dim Sum and breakfast, their food is good and authentic, but just average compared to other Chinese restaurant in town. Thus, 4 stars.
5	Having tried Wah Kee, Fugu, Ichiban, DumplingHaus, and a few other "Chinese" restaurants in the area, I'll say that Orient House is easily the best of them all so far. They have authentic dishes ranging from Sichuan to Shanghai, and they also have Americanized dishes. On top of that, their pork buns/dumplings are the best around. They have xiao long bao and sheng jian bao (pan-fried Shanghai style buns) which no one else has.On the weekends they also do a traditional Chinese breakfast offerings if you enjoy that type of thing (not so much for me, but they do have some Dim Sum offerings that are pretty tasty). Prices are pretty reasonable-- less than Ichiban or Fugu, but more than a "take-out American-style" Chinese dive. Friendly and efficient service-- this place has the best Chinese food Madison has to offer.
4	Love this place! Fried Rice is something to write home about! A must try! Food is always delivered fresh, hot and fast.
5	I seriously love this place. Being on Park street near other restaurants, it's easy to overlook Orient House, but I implore you, give it a try. I've tried Chinese restaurants all over Madison trying to find my go to place and I've felt underwhelmed most of the time. Because Orient House is one of the few places that delivers to my house, I eventually gave them a try and I am so glad that I did because not only are there unusual (more traditional) dishes on their menu that you can't really find anywhere else here, but the prices are are very affordable! And the classic dishes are exceptional. I really love the Shrimp Ho Fun and the Walnut Chicken.
4	After a rousing day of thrifting with friends from out of town we stopped at the Orient House for a late lunch. We ordered a variety of dishes: Mu Shu Chicken NoodlesOrange ChickenSweet and Sour Chicken(apparently we like chicken) We were all happy with our food. We had been concerned that the Orient House had recently changed ownership, but were happy with our experience. The staff were friendly, the restaurant was family friends (we had two kids in tow). My only negative was that the floor was unusually dirty...which I noticed only because I was picking up things dropped by my one year old over and over and over...
1	WORST Chinese restaurant in Madison. Bad services, bad taste. I once ordered food online with my roommate and they did not give us the rice that usually would come with the dishes. Then we had to cook and wait for another half hour. Don't go there! Nobody's there anyway.
4	I came for dinner with my husband, 3 year old, and 10 month old. We were instantly greeted. The place has got the relaxed atmosphere of a lunch spot, so nothing too fancy which I liked since we had kids with us. Everything was super clean down to the bathroom, which could have sparkled. Only downside, no place to change a baby.Food was good. It's served in a family sharing kind of way, where they give you huge plates and you scoop it onto your smaller plate. We ordered way to much and ended up taking a lot home. (which we were more than happy to do) Dishes came out piping hot. The server was super friendly, although didn't have perfect English, she couldn't have been more polite. She was asking me if I wanted more soda before I could even finish it so we were well attended to. I was surprised quickly food was sent out to us.Everything is very fairly priced. All and all, great experience!
5	Wow. You can order the standard, Chinese-American fare or you can try their dim sum. You will not be disappointed. Every weekend I crave their dim sum. No need to go to Chicago (even though the menu is relatively small). Mind you their dim sum originates from Beijing, it's unlike most dim sum in the states (southern style). The workers are nice too.
1	This review is of the delivery service only.  I ordered online on 5/26 at 7:23 p.m.  Food did not arrive (to the near West side) until 9:15 p.m.  Called twice and was told that the food was in the delivery car.  Poor communication and service.  Food was fine.  Don't get delivery!
1	Went there last weekend at dinner time. We were the ONLY ones there besides the occasional person getting takeout. The menus were paper, like the kind you put on your fridge, and mine had a nice, big, sticky, brown stain on it. We had to wait over 10 minutes just to get our order in (mind you - we were the ONLY ones, and at least 6 staff members were present) and then had to wait over 20 just to get our food. When we finally received our food, within 5 minutes both of our dishes were COLD. SERIOUSLY COLD. They never came to ask how our food was. It took about 10 minutes after we finished just to get our check. They never came to collect it from us, so we just left, barely giving them a 10% tip. Worst Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. The only good part was the sugary rolls. Highly unrecommended, if you couldn't tell.Oh, and added side note: don't eat the fortune cookies. Ours were so stale they were mushy.
4	Ordered take out and everything was great. I had the sweet and sour pork which and chicken with garlic sauce. Both tasted amazing. I also got fried wantons and they threw in a free order of crab wantons. I did order soup but they forgot to put it in so I will check my order before I leave next time. Other than that everything is fresh and you could tell it was made to order. I will definitely go back. The building looked to be well clean and the last at the front desk was very nice.
