4	Authentic yet quick tasty Mexican food in the same strip mall area as a Taco Bell.
4	I love this place.  I have had only a couple poor experiences with food here. One was a veggie burrito, What the hell was I thinking?  It blew.  Everything else I have had here has been amazing.  My personal favorite is the Chicken Quesadilla it is a taste de force.  The tacos are all the bomb diggity.  They are exactly like street tacos you would get in Mexico or from a taco stand on the streets in Phoenix.Another good thing about this place, unlike other taco stand type places I have patronized, this one has never turned my GI tract into a Wal-Mart the day after thanksgiving. You know, lot's of traffic and little to show for it when the day is done.Another Yelper said that a "good looking family" owns Mi Casita.  I will translate this for you.  He really meant to say "The family that owns this place has a  smoking hot daughter."  I have stared into her eyes many time trying to remember what in the world I came in for.  She has eyes like the lady in the famous National Geographic cover photo.Go to this place.Mmm.... I am starving.
3	Mark J. took me here once and swore it was the best Mexican place ever. However I was not really impressed with the food. It was like a B+, maybe. Then again, I didn't get to see the supposedly smoking hot taco vixen who works here. Perhaps next time I will get to stare into her eyes and forget what I ordered too.For now I will just have the memory of my soggy burrito (my fault for waiting an hour to eat it) and the random zuccini they put in it, which was pretty gross. I think that this place could be pretty good and I just had an off experience. The dudes who work here were REALLY nice so I would like to go back for a second chance.Who wants to take me here next?
4	The time I spent in Hermosillo, Mexico has been some of the best I've ever enjoyed. One of the best parts of going to Mexico is the amazing food, most of the time purchased from street vendors and taco stands. Going to this little taco shop brings me right back there.  They have a big array of meats that you can put into a taco-corn tortillas of course. The lengua(tongue) and cabeza(head) tacos are excellent. Most people are put off by these but I assure you if someone did tell you it was from these parts, you wouldnt even know. The carne asada(steak) is a step above most other places and the carnitas(shredded pork) is melt in your mouth tender and full of flavor. Unfortunately, I have never seen the smokin' hot taco girl and therefore cannot give this place 5 stars. But if these posts are correct, then truly, it is I who is the loser here. I would recommend this place over almost all Mexican food places in the area. If you are looking for authentic flavor and the possibility of seeing a hot girl, this is the place for you.
5	Don't judge this book by it's cover. Tucked in the back of a strip mall on the corner of Alma School and Warner in Chandler Taqueria Mi Casita looks like any one of a thousand Arizona taco shops. One taste of their enchilada sauce and you'll know that you've found a special spot. Had the Bandanos Burro with carne asada and it was amazing. Fresh ingredients made with plenty of love. Great spot, friendly service.
5	The boyfriend and I found this place whilst driving around last night, hungry enough to be a little snappish but not so hungry that we just said 'screw it' and made a beeline to the closest (and only okay) tacqueria to our house.  Before even getting to the food, I have to say this place earns five stars for the customer service.  No sexy taco girls were working last night (though I did see the family photo on the wall and say Damn!), but as we walked in the door we were welcomed with exuberant hellos and Happy New Years! greetings.  They were really, REALLY happy to see us, or they put on a really convincing show of it.  The cook came from the back to say hi and tell us what's good (everything- I don't think he was lying), the guy in front was excited to tell us about the family that owned the place and the type of food they serve.  They demanded we take some chips and salsa on the house and I'm glad they did- the tortilla chips were freshly fried with that lovely salty, greasy taste without the texture being greasy.  The tortilla equivalent of the best kettle chips.  We left feeling giddy and happy and really fricken excited to get home and eat.Now, the actual food.  We each got a burrito and the boyfriend also got a cheese quesadilla.  Along with the complimentary chips, this was a ridiculous amount of food.  The burrito-forearm comparison doesn't really give these burritos justice.  If my forearm were that size, and I were a guy... well, there's no doubt what I spent all my time doing (possibly thinking about these taco girls?).  The guy asks you what you want on it and wraps the burrito in front of you- I was amazed he could actually close up the burrito!  Also, I'm happy to report that despite the size this is the first place in the valley I've found that wraps their burritos tight enough that they stay erect (what's up with the sex innuendo in this post?) and don't fall apart mid-scarf.  My only complaint is that they were so big and loaded it's hard to tell what type it's supposed to be.  I ordered fish with the knowledge that I wanted to taste fish, cabbage, lime juice, sauce, and a little whatever to fill the sucker out.  Instead I got a kitchen sink concoction that tasted delicious but not really any different from the boyfriend's carne asada burrito.  If I went back I'd probably get some tacos or their delicious, grilled, non-greasy quesadillas.  (Unless I'm starving and just want an ambiguous metric ton of deliciousness.)  I'm actually really excited to go back to try their tacos as the taste of the quesadilla transported me straight to dreamy, drunk nights in Mexico.  Mmmm grill flavor.The prices were slightly higher than other places I've been- maybe a buck more per burrito, but it's definitely made up for in quantity, taste, structural integrity of the burrito, and customer service.  I will definitely drive the extra distance and pay the extra dollar when I need a Mexican fast-food fix.
4	This place is a hole in the wall that is damn good...the red salsa is spicy and flavorful...when I went the carne quality was over cooked it was 4pm...I'm thinking the food is 5 star if you go at noon...I hope.Okay I went a couple of days later and it was 1pm..the carne asada was fresher but still a bit cheap in quality.This is definately one of my favorites for a burrito or tacos
2	I came across this place not too long ago while suffering through a savage craving for anything Mexican (this happens a lot to me). I was driving around in circles looking for a little dive that might have some authentic and spicy tacos. I just so happened to see a cheap little sign pointing towards this place, and figured what the hell. First things first... upon walking into this place I noticed it was a little rank; it didn't smell very good, and it was pretty muggy inside. There were two Hispanic gentlemen behind the counter who immediately welcomed me as I quickly studied the menu on the wall. What I first noticed about the menu is that it was all very authentic... very much like if the building was picked up and moved over to Chandler from some small Mexican town. As I was looking, I also noticed some sort of weird mound of meat on a giant metal stick; it was clearly visible in the back room which I'll admit scared me a little bit. I think I may have seen something similar on "Bizarre Foods" once... but I have no idea what the hell it actually was. Given such a wide array of different choices from the menu, I was immediately puzzled about what I would actually order. This is when one of the guys behind the counter tried to give me some help... he started asking/telling me things in very broken English... like "You like Spicy?" and "Good Pollo!". While he was telling me these things, I got the sense something fishy was going on; because as he was talking to me he was also intermittently laughing hysterically and speaking Spanish with his work buddy. Kind of seemed like one of those "look at this stupid gringo" moments. I was pretty out of my element. To make a long story short... I went with the chicken tacos (except they were called something else, which I didn't understand) and an order of chips with salsa. I took home my steaming back of goodness to pig out... and OH NO... they couldn't have... the horror: Dark meat chicken... Arrrrrrrrrgghhhhhhhhh! I take for granted that there are still places that serve dark meat chicken without thinking twice about it or warning you... I also take for granted that there are people out there that actually like dark meat chicken. I can't stand it... to me dark meat chicken tastes like white meat chicken which has gone rotten. I have an immediate gut reaction to it, so needless to say I took one bite of my taco and threw the rest away. I did however eat my chips and salsa like a madman, and they were pretty tasty... so I can't fault them for that. So this may be a tad unfair... but I feel like a lack of white meat chicken shows that a restaurant is cutting corners and using sub-par ingredients. It'd be like if Jamba Juice used Kool-Aid or Tang to make their smoothies... not cool! If I return I'll try something else non-feathered and I'll leave room for the possibility of an upgraded review... but for now I'm going to brand Taqueria Mi Casita with a shameful 2/5 stars.
5	I am so happy that I came across this gem! My friend and I were driving over for some bubble tea at Lollicup and decided to get some dinner beforehand. The place is very authentic, and the guys behind the counter are awesome. They were very friendly, and after coming in a few times, we were greeted as "amigos!" and they always wanted to know what we were up to. The food here is great. You pick what ever food item(s) you want off the menu at the counter up front, and take your tray over to the adjacent seating area. The menu is very large and authentic. I personally enjoy getting a chicken burrito. The burrito is huge, definitely over 2 times the size of a burrito at Chipotle. They also don't fill it with rice and beans to cover the lack of meat that Chipotle gets away with. The guys here fill the burrito to the breaking point with all the goodies. I would also recommend getting either chicken, beef, or spicy pork tacos. They are authentic flat tacos with onion, cilantro, pico de gallo and whatever else you want on them. They have a fountain for beverages, but they have Mexican Coca Cola with real sugar (my favorite) and bottled water in a fridge in the back. The chips they serve are great. You can get red or green salsa to accompany your chips, along with radishes and limes. They have fresh roasted jalapenos that are amazing with anything.To address Krashawnda N's concerns. The chicken quality is perfect. You may not like dark meat, but I personally find no issues with the chicken. It is grilled and seasoned and tastes delicious. As for your "Bizarre Foods" comment... I guess you've never been to a Middle Eastern restaurant before, or know what Shawarma is. What you saw was most likely Al pastor, which is Shawarma adopted from Lebanese immigrants in Mexico. I have never seen them serving it, but I do see  the bare machine in the window by the grill each time I go in.In conclusion, this place is awesome. I believe is is open to 11pm throughout the week which is 2x as awesome. If you are in the area, and are craving Mexican food, it is definitely worth a stop.
5	My friend took me here for lunch.  I had two fish tacos and they were amazing!  The ingredients were fresh, the place was clean, and the people were very very friendly.   I came back here for dinner the same day and took my wife and two other friends.  Everyone agreed the place is amazing.
5	There are a dozen other reviews here saying the same thing.  The food is fresh and amazing.  Also inexpensive.  I would pay double for what they sell.I am slowly working my way through the menu but anything fish (pescado) is awesome.  The steak (carne asada) dishes are also great.  I think next I will hit up the pork dishes.  I can't wait!
5	Very good authentic Mexican restaurant to eat at. The two main guys working here are very friendly and they go out of their way to make you feel at home and welcomed. I had the bean and cheese burrito which included fresh, homemade beans and delicious cheese. My boyfriend got the carne asada burrito which was piled high and to the brim of the tortilla.The atmosphere is small but clean, I had passed by this place many times on my way to Paradise Video and I had always wondered if this place was any good. While we were eating even a worker from Taco Bell from across the way came in and ate! A very nice family owns this small shop but damn with all the hype about the daughters, I was expecting a crossbreed between Salma Hayek and Eva Longoria. Calm down people, very pretty girl but damn she's not that hot. Let's concentrate on that delicious enchilada sauce.
5	Great value. Try pork tostada & tacos. Huge borritos.  Roasted jallapeno Mui bueno.
4	They have the best salsa verde I've had in AZ by far!Tacos here consist of  tortillas, meat, diced onions and cilantro... none of that sour cream, guacamole, pico de gallo stuff. It was perfect, the way I like it. Each taco was generously filled with tasty carne asada... without those hidden pieces of fat chunks some places mix in as fillers.
3	Not the best lengua and cabeza tacos, but you could do much worse in the valley. The tongue was a bit more toothsome than tender, and the cabeza was a little on the greasy side. The carne asada was really well seasoned and not too fatty though, and the carnitas were tender perfection-- muy delicious. All tacos are served in a doubled up corn tortillas, which was kind of blah. It was a bummer considering there the corn tortilla tasted more like filler because they were a bit stale. At least there was a very generous amount of meaty filling per taco, each of which is topped with onions and cilantro.The atmosphere isn't much to speak of, but when looking for a good taco joint, this generally doesn't regsiter on my radar. They could really benefit from adding some grilled jalapenos on the side of their tacos, or at the very least putting together a kick ass salsa bar. You know, the kind where you go overboard and get a tiny plastic container of at least four types of salsa, pickled veggies and pico. Hells yeah. Oh, but they don't have that here. They do have some cheap and filling options for Mexican food that are much more authentic than the 'Bertos mold. Hit it up if you're in the area, drop a fiver and feast!
5	Been back several times and tried a few other items on their menu:Carne Asada Burrito w everything. Holy Cow! This thing is bigger than my arm. It puts chipotle to shame. It comes with two heaping scoops of rice, two scoops of beans, two scoops of carne asada, onions, cilantro, pico de gallo, cheese and sour cream and it's only $6 w tax. And I'm talking serving spoon scoops, not tablespoon status. It's a bit overwhelming for me, though. My BF loves it. I usually get mines in a smaller version and go without a few items. I like mines with one scoop of rice, no beans, carne asada, onions and cilantro and a scoop each of red and green sauce. It's like a perfect burrito and how I'm used to eating my burritos growing up in LA. Super Nachos are huge. Enough for a family. It comes loaded with everything they put in the burrito I described above. It's decked out til you almost can't close the box.Aside from the asada, I've had the pork on a few occassions. It's moist and spicy. when I get tacos, I get one with the pork for variety. Still the asada is king, here.I like how they assemble everything in front of you. You get to tell them exactly how you want your food. Less of this, more of that... any way you like it. Chips and salsa are free upon request. Whoo! Now this is how authentic Mexican restaurants roll! I wont even step foot in any -bertos place anymore.
4	A very nice surprise.  Looks like nothing, tastes good.  Cheap, simple, fast and open late.
5	Cheap and delicious! I eat here about once a week because it fills me up for cheap price and the people who work there are really fun. it's like a subway sandwich restaurant for Mexican food. I love the burrito w/ Cheese, Beans & rice w/ sour cream, less than $5 and best in town for that price
5	We love it . Has the best food for the Buck !! Love their oversized burritos and menudo on Saturday and Sundays :-)
4	We ate there today because we had an Entertainment Book coupon.  Would never have even seen the place otherwise.  The only negative is that it was hot inside, but that was OK, since it was a beautiful day and we ate outside.One of the employees asked me if we had been there before, since I'm sure we don't look like regulars.  I had the fish burrito and my husband had the chicken burrito.  Definitely plenty of food.  They gave us complimentary chips and told us to ask if we wanted any more.  One of the employees came outside to see how we liked everything.  The quality of the food at such a reasonable price is something we will remember.
5	Found this place looking for a taqueria on line. I wanted authentic mexican food. NOT taco bell! I found exactly what I was looking for. I got the Carne Asada burrito. It was bigger then Chipolte's for $2.00 less! The asada was very good and lean, no fat. I was staying in the area for 5 days and found myself eating here four times! Very friendly service and clean. My son said he knew it was going to be good even before we walked in because of the mexican music playing outside, and he was right! TAQUERIA MI CASITA ROCKS!  I will definately find my way back here again.
5	Do you like street tacos?  I do and I feel I have pretty high standards, all of which were exceeded by this place. I got the combination plate (meat, rice, beans, tortillas) for just under 7 dollars. They even through in some deep fried jalapenos. That plate destroyed me in all the right ways. I ate about half of it and was completely stuffed. I got the pork BBQ and the carne asada and was pleasantly surprised by both quantity and quality. I'll be back.
4	Some of the BEST carne asada tacos in town!!!! The only reason they do not get five stars is that if you decide you want to go on a weekday afterwork the meat tends to be a little dry.  But you can always put enough lime and salsa on it when it tastes this good and they are generous w/ sides.  Other than that the service is impeccable and if you can speak a little Spanish it goes a long way!  The guys behind the counter are contstantlysmiling, singing cleaning counters checking, stirring food.  Great vibe for people who aren't too uptight about there dining (.  HELLO YOU WANT AUTHENTIC MEXICAN YOU GOT IT!
5	Tasty street tacos that look as good as they taste, and very filling burritos.  I had the carne asada which was nice in that it was finely chopped beef, giving it a nice texture over just chunks of beef which can easily end up being too tough.  For drinks they have a myriad of aguas frescas, and Mexican Coca Cola.  Even their condiments are delicious.  The roasted jalapenos are out of this world!  The staff here are very friendly and attentive, providing excellent service even though this is more of a fast food type operation.  When the line for lunch died down, they went to every table to make sure everyone was happy with their meal.  They take pride in making authentic Mexican food and it shows!
5	My husband and I love this place. I love their chicken tacos and my husband gets the chorizo tacos. Their prices are great and they are also very friendly. I would never have tried this place just by driving by because it's kind of hidden amongst other stores, but my husband's work sometimes buys their food for parties etc.. and so he told me I had to try them. I was pleasantly surprised :-) Delicious!
5	Super friendly service with great food, carnita's and carne asada are great.
5	I tried this place today for lunch and it was excellent! I tried a Carne Asada Burrito and the quality was outstanding. If you are looking for a quick place to get a taste of some Mexican food then this is the perfect place.
3	Huge freaking burritos. They put together one for my boyfriend and i swear it could easily feed a family of four! So your money will absolutely go far here :) Service on the other hand was incredibly slow and the guys were a little ditzy on getting things done. It was getting later in the evening so maybe they were just tired??? (Hey I'm trying here) Overall o.k spot to get a quick bite to eat. My tostada and pork taco were pretty good overall.
3	This place is pretty good. It's a small little restaurant that has room for some inside seating but not a lot. The staff is really friendly and talkative. I don't recommend the tacos al pastor, the meat is soggy  and a little on the greasy side which I've never seen before. The carne asada tacos are really good though.
4	Huge burritos for $7. Enough for 2 people.  Fresh and tasty!  Plus very friendly service.  I prefer going here vs the Taco Bell in front of them :)
4	So we have passed by this place many times.  I've been into the Ace Hardware right next to it several times.  Don't know how we have never seen this place.  Fortunately we searched yelp for something new and gave it a shot.  The street tacos are awesome.  Looks like I'll have to go back for a carne asada burrito, but based on the size I saw (and what I've read), it's gonna have to be a one item meal!  They're huge!  I tried the street tacos to sample a few things...carnitas, pollo and pescado.  All excellent.  I would have to lean to the carnitas though.  Definately going back!Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is there was a kid sweeping and mopping the floor and we were having to get out of his was several times.  Just kinda rubbed me wrong. And while I loved the music, it was a bit loud and I don't know how much it was there for the ambience, the customers, or the staff.   Everything else about the staff was great.  Friendly and positive.  Mabe my next trip will kick it up to 5.....
2	This place is way under seasoned.  The beans were ok.  I hate that they use store bought tortillas.  I don't plan on returning.  There are better places near downtown Chandler.
3	i was running a business errand in chandler and found this place by yelp. i had the carne asada burrito. you def get your bang for your buck here!! the burrito looked like it could feed two!! the price was good and the flavor was decent. nothing out of the world but i would stop by again if i was in the area.
5	Located on the edge of Mesa and Chandler lies this gem of a small town Mexican restaurant. The food is authentic and delicious. It's owned by a family who still has their deep roots in Mexico and brings all the traditional flavors back with them. If you are feeling adventures to try something other than their delicious bean and cheese burrito, I  recommend the carne asada torta.
4	Hell Yeah, Real Tacos!  If you have ever heard somebody talk about "Real Tacos" this is what they mean.  I cannot say what exactly qualifies as a real taco, but there are subtle differences from a real taco & the kind you find at most Americanized/Taco Bell type places. First of all, you know you're at a real taco place when you walk in & the place is full of landscapers having lunch.  Next, the tortillas were small and doubled-up.  Then the selection of meats was really authentic: buche (beef neck meat), cabeza (beef cheeks), lengua (beef tongue), al pastor (marinated pork), carnitas (braised pork),and  finally the carne asada was actually flame cooked, not cooked on a flat grill.  The tacos are then topped with cilantro & onions.I tried one of each kind of taco and they were all greasy and full of flavor.  This was my first time there.  I plan to go back and try the tortas and maybe even the burritos because those looked really tasty.Oh, the icing on the cake was the price... $1.25/taco.  That's keeping it real.
4	Why there isn't a line out the door for the carnitas here I don't know. Maybe those in the know are just keeping it their little secret. Well, I'm glad I figured it out because it's the most delicious carnitas I've ever had. It's almost a succulent pork stew, really - lots of shredded pork in a rich, flavorful gravy. I had it first on a taco, but now I get it as a "meat only" burrito with just onion, cilantro and red salsa. Pretty much pure burrito nirvana, cannot recommend it enough.Other things I've had here are very good also, but it's the carnitas that will keep me coming back week after week. And to top everything off, all the guys who work here are sincerely nice, friendly and always in a good mood. Which makes it all the more enjoyable. Thank you Taqueria Mi Casita!
4	Great tacos/burritos made to order...absolutely the best menudo I've ever had. Pops and I have been regulars here for years.
4	I wanted so bad to give this place 5 stars, but I just can't, and for one reason: the store bought tortillas.  There are a few things I look for in my Mexican food establishments.  The meat is actually seasoned and flavorful (something two chain operations out here really miss the mark on), the selection of meats offered (let's face it, if lengua, cabeza, pastor, etc are on the menu, you definitely aren't at Fili B's), and I am a sucker for street tacos.  This place hits all three on the head!!  When I read the other reviews I kept noticing yelpers were mentioning the store bought tortillas and I didn't think it was such a big deal...  But it was barely even warmed up!  My burrito felt cold in my hands.  In the future I will probably skip burritos and order a carnitas plate.  The street tacos were probably made with store bought tortillas as well, but they were so yummy and at the perfect temperature, I really can't complain.  Oh, and the two guys on shift when I visited were both very warm and friendly.  I will definitely be back.
5	A great little "Tesoro Escondido"! Delicious local flavor, great taste and excellent value.ASOMBROSO!
4	Spotted this place in the same strip mall as Ace Hardware yesterday.  After a night out on the town a giant burrito was in order.  This place hit the spot.  It's definitely nothing fancy, but is perfect after you've been over served. The staff was very helpful and friendly.  I went with the carne asada burrito.  It was a good size and had good salsa inside.  The carne wasn't the highest quality, but I wasn't expecting that.  This was much better than the various fat food chains around and will be on my list for future recovery.
5	This is one of those "local joints" you see on TV and rarely have the opportunity to find in real life. I had their pollo and carnitas tacos and they were out of this world.  I can't wait to go back and try what else they have.
4	First visit, the carnitas torta is amazing!It was gigantic.  The other 2 guests I was with had the lingua tacos and they said it was awesome.  If you expect great food you won't be disappointed.  If you're expecting ambiance you'll be let down.  It's definitely a small joint. While we were there it became packed.  I'll definitely go back.
5	I have to stop and get a couple of tacos when I'm in the area. Even if I'm not hungry.
5	Closest Thing To California Mexican Food Ive Had In Arizona...
5	Burritos were excellent! Menu is a bit confusing at first.....but you basically just pick what you want to go in it.  I will for sure go back!
5	Essentially this is the best of a lil' Mexican food cart placed inside a building. Seeing that it is on the same corner as a Taco Bell amuses me. Look at the reviews of this place. It really is that good. The owner is also very friendly. The carnitas and cabeza are definitely my favorite.
5	I visited here from out of town with a friend and absolutely loved my experience here. Instantly, you are welcomed by two very friendly restaurant staff members whose attentiveness and care for customer are truly unmatched. The dining area is rather small, but I believe many people carry out so seating is not an issue. The Mexican cuisine is unbelievably good. I had 6 tacos, 3 with chicken and 3 with carnitas (pork). Topped off with some red sauce, cilantro, and onion, these tacos proved to be some of the best I have ever had! I wish I lived in Chandler, AZ so I could visit here more often. I highly recommend for anyone craving low cost authentic Mexican cuisine.
5	Best street tacos in the Valley!  We find ourselves at this little hole-in-the wall at least once a week - more when my husband is craving their breakfast burrito on Sunday mornings.  My favorite is the carne asada with just cilantro and onion with their delicious red sauce.  Hubby goes for the chorizo and chicken tacos.  Everyone we take there is immediately hooked.Even better?  Every employee is friendly, helpful and so welcoming.  You feel like you just showed up in their backyard and they are your new friends.
4	Taqueria Mi Casita's street tacos can't be beat. We pick up dinner here almost every week. Their pollo is the best I've had in the valley. My husband loves their tortas - try mixing pollo & carne asada - it's delicious!
5	I consider myself more of a taco person than burrito, but I absolutely LOVE the pollo burrito and have trouble moving past it to try other things.  Finally tried chicken enchiladas recently, but have to go back to my burrito.  My husband likes the carne asada burrito.  Can easily eat here weekly!  Always a crowd, always friendly workers, always fun to see what other people order!
4	This place is great -- authentic, delicious --- the real deal. I just had lunch there and I am thinking of going back for dinner. Very casual environment and very friendly staff. I live in Michigan and this was my first stop after I got off the plane. Enjoy
5	if it was possible to give them a higher rating, i would, their unbelievable FRIENDLY, and the food is AMAZING!!!! keep up the good work guys!!!!(:
4	Don't know how I missed this place before.  Spotted it here on Yelp.  Had the chance to stop in for lunch.The owner is VERY gregarious.  And loud.  Which is fine.  I like seeing an enthusiastic owner.  They usually want to do a good job.This place seems to be pretty authentic.  The proprietor apparently is from Puerto Vallarta.  Fresh ingredients. Home made. Authentic and flavorful.  I had the burro (enchilada style) because I almost always get a burro or chimi when trying a new place so I have a basis to compare to other places.  When I said "rice and black beans" I had thought they would be on the side, but like many burro places he put them inside.  Which is fine.  Though ti did allow a bit of skimping on the meat.  It was very good, though.My wife had the "tacos".  These are more like miniature tostadas except the tortilla is soft.  I think actually this is more authentic than either a tostada or a "typical" taco one finds in most places.  But again, lots of rice and tortilla, not as much meat.  Tasty, but just too many carbs.  A little more meat, maybe some added veggies (tomato, peppers, onions, etc) and a bit less on the starchy stuff would have helped.  Just three tiny tacos and a mound of rice (my wife opted for no beans).I would probably rate this 3.5 stars, but I can't do that.  And the owner's enthusiasm and cheerfulness makes me round it up.I think I will come back and try them again sometime.  Try something different.  The flavors were very good, but we just wanted a bit more meat and less starch.
5	I came in here i think i was last Monday and god are these employees a pare of happy campers! The guy that makes the burritos sort of rolled his eyes a bit on me but happy overall, the other tall young man who says his name is George i think or Jorge if that's how you spell it in English was as friendly as he could be! It was almost as if he was reading my mind when i needed something he was there! He introduced himself and even told me a bit about what was the best item on their menu and i'm loving it! The food was top class, top notch, #1 you name it! But definitely going back there just to be treated right by that young man Jorge hes REALLY nice and his service is PERFECT! It be a +4 from me if Jorge wasn't there to provide his service so +5!
4	Went Here Today.... Food Was Bomb!!!Great Mexican Style Tacos... Burros Were The Bussiness And Service Was Awesome... If You Order Nachos Ask For The Chips On The Side Or As A Side Cuz Together They Wont Work... The Chips Will End Soggy. Good But Soggy....
5	Awesome food. They are very authentic Mexican food. I've had their tacos and burritos and they are flavorful and you add what you want to the burrito.even the kitchen sink if they could. The last review about them skimping on the meat. Seriously they don't. On the tacos just have them cook corn tortilla on their skillet for a while otherwise you have a soggy tortilla.ive seen their quesadillas and tortas and I'll be trying those soon. I've asked a few customers in Saturdays and Sundays if they like the menudo they are eating and haven't heard one bad complaint. Seriously this is the new spot. No more driving to phx for authentic Mexican food.
5	I am 100% Mexican, a Taco lover.... I will tell you tht one of the Best Tacos in AZ is here. You will not regret the visit.
5	Amazing Carne Asada burrito
5	I stumbled upon this place driving to Taco Bell and wow is it good. Some of the best Mexican food I've had in the valley (possibly the best) is served here. Its near my work so I come at least twice a week. Awesome food, great prices, friendly staff. The owner is always there and great at remembering people. Just try this place, you won't be disappointed PS. Try the cabeza tacos
4	This place is excellent. If you're looking for some honest Mexican food, that's not filibertos or a lame sit down Mexican restaurant this is the spot! The people working are super friendly and welcoming. I go with 'al pastor' (BBQ pork) whether its in a burrito or tacos. Boom!
4	Tiny, slow, messy, and divey.That aside, some of the best take out Mexican I've had in town. Just killer street tacos. Great carnitas, Carne Asada, and Lengua if you go that way. The staff is friendly and playful, always saying things like "you want pico de gallo with that my friend?" So good that I went back the next day.
5	Some of the most amazing tacos I have ever had. Had the carne asada and lengua tacos. Amazing flavor and  texture. I'm sad I can't be closer to this place so I can have it more often, plus their prices are super reasonable.
5	Looking authentic Mexican food? This is the place! Inside is small and not fancy but the food rocks. Everything I have had has been very good.
5	Amazing food, was finally able to take and upload photos. Fast and friendly service. I love this place!
3	I was really excited to try this place since it's right by my house.  I have been to backyard taco and I thought this would be similar.  I wasn't impressed.  The staff was very nice!! The carne asada just seemed to lack flavor.. maybe I shouldn't have came 30 minutes before close.  Anyways, my suggestion would to try backyard taco. THE BEST tacos around :)
5	I love taquerias but never thought Ide be giving one five stars, this place deserves it! Quality food, great portions but the great service is exceptional! So glad I found this little hole in the wall.
5	My girlfriend and I decided to try something new, and stumbled across this place. Best decision we've made in a long time. The food was amazing, and the service was the best I've ever had. The staff was amazingly friendly, and worked very quickly putting the food together.
5	I found this place using this site and so glad I did. The tacos are amazing and great prices! The owner was very friendly.
5	Highly impressed! The food is seriously amazing. A lot of Mexican food places are kinda "Americanized Mexican" food. This place is the real deal. My BF had the Carne Asada Torta and I had a bean and cheese burrito covered in red sauce. I usually am picky about meat, so I don't order meat often. Never been a Carne Asada fan. But after trying my BF's, I plan to order one next time. Very delicious. The staff was wonderful and friendly too. I've been a yelper for years, my BF created a Yelp account just so he can review this place. Now he is addicted to yelp like I am. So if you're reading this review and trying to decide whether to go or not, give it a try.
1	Terrible. I walked in and they guy behind the counter tells me he needs 3 minutes. I'm in at an odd time (3:00 PM) and see he is working hard to clean the grill. 18 minutes later, I place a to go order. Included was a veggie burrito wet with red & green sauce, with rice & beans on the side. He must have misunderstood because I get home to a tortilla with lettuce, cheese, cilantro and onion. How have I lived so long without this creation? Uh yeah, because it is AWFUL. Rice had NO flavor, beans were tge runniest I've ever had.I usually avoid meat, but something was telling me to add on to my order. I was curious how the fish taco was. Um microwaved to heat up and ALL BREADING, equally as terrible as everything else I tried. Didn't have more than a second bite. Chicken taco was totally bland and dry.I had to order "Grandma's recipe flan" 3 different times and it still got left out of my order. Ordered & paid for separately, it was the best part of my meal (which had been comprised of 6 bites of various yuck). Maybe it is an approach to flan I wasn't used to. Not particularly coukd although it came from the cooler and the texture was sort of mealy and not a bit creamy...What a waste of $13.00....
5	Came here on our recent road trip. The server was super energetic and made our experience fun! The food quality was great and I actually got to see it first hand due to the fact that the customer restroom is actually within the kitchen. Since I was back there, I saw one person doing some cooking. They seemed happy and the area was clean. If I'm ever in the area again, I will be stopping by!
5	This is my favorite taqueria in town. Excellent service, very nice, and excellent food. The al pastor quesadillawas great
5	I moved here from Laredo, TX which borders Mexico...Nuevo Laredo and yes I am Mexican.  When I moved here I was very depressed when I found out that Arizonan's thought that fajita's were nothing but sirloin steak with peppers and onions added.  True fajita meat is made from the skirt cut of the cow.  That being said, Mi Casita doesn't off fajitas but I have now been going there over 11 years once a week, and this is the most authentic taco shop that I have found in the east valley!  The staff is fun friendly and dang their good rocks!  I stand by it 100%, before going here when my wife would ask to go out for Mexican food, I would give her a shopping list and say, "no way I will make it :-)"  Now this place has good rice not the best, as personally I am biased and think mine is better than any Mexican place I have tried here in AZ.  I would recommend if you are looking to have some great carne asada tacos or a burrito that is just ridiculously huge this is the place to go. Snip it from wiki pedia about carne asada, "In Mexican cuisine, carne asada (literally 'grilled meat' (specifically beef), though any type of dry heat cooking may be used)[1] is made from thin marinated beef steak, usually skirt steak, flank steak or flap steak."so the above are the variety of meats that can be used.  Skirt is more expensive here so most of the local taco shops will use the flank steak, but if done right and they do it right is excellent!  Please try this place out if you haven't already.
5	Once again, GREAT breakfast. Service was very good and restaurant is super clean!!! Love this place.
4	Excellent tacos, I had carne asada and pastor. Highly recommend the pastor! The rice was pretty good and both salsas were excellent.
5	The food and staff here are equally amazing. It's set up similar to a Subway, where you say what you want and can go down the line. There is a mixture of meat that is already prepared and meat that isn't, so sometimes it does take longer to prepare your food. The breakfast burrito is amazing, especially if you get everything on it. The staff is bilingual so that people like myself who can't speak Spanish can still enjoy their delicious food.
5	Really good! Came here for the first time 2 weeks ago and have already been back twice.
5	Great place for a breakfast burrito or other Mexican fast food.  They take their time preparing your order, and customize it to your delight (without charging extra for anything).  Great value for the quality and experience--it's always an inviting and fun place to visit.
2	I really wanted to like Taqueria Mi Casita, but it just wasn't very good.The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, and it was nice to see them interacting with regulars and newbies alike. Ordered a Carne Asada burrito, and this sucker was PACKED full. Unlike typical Carne, this was finely chopped beef vs. chunks.No big deal. What was a big deal is all I could taste was salt. :( Haven't been in a hurry to go back and see if this was a fluke, but definitely willing to give them a second chance per some recommendations Claudine F. made!
5	Holy cow this place rocks!  I have been eating my share of mexican food in arizona for quite some time.  It always tastes the same.  I came here and now I feel like I know what a carne asada burrito should taste like.  I was amazed.  I would like to continue to come here and try some other things.  The staff is also incredibly friendly.
