5	Let me just start with my love of peppers..pepperocinni, banana peppers to be exact. These were at the ready in a self serve station near the soda fountain. Delicious burger, bbq bacon burger with fries and a mocha milkshake. The other half had a teriyaki pineapple burger with a superb side of onion rings. Additionally a large iced tea and medium soda. The prices are very reasonable, $21.50. Service and order were quick and efficient though it was during the grand opening and to be expected. I will definitely be back with my teens who I expect will be begging to eat there on a regular. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the patio with misters and umbrellas looked relaxing. Great location, this uptown neighborhood needed some more variety and I like how they revamped the area with all of the various eateries with accessible parking unlike across the way downtown.
5	Good food, clean. Nice addition to the neighborhood.
3	I don't like to give a bad review to a brand new restaurant in the downtown area. I am all about supporting new & local ventures.However, I have experienced better burger joints than Habit Burger. My husband had the Teriyaki Hamburger and I had the Chicken sandwich.PROS:-Clean-Good parking-Good prices-Menu is fairly simple and straight-forward-Nice patio areaCONS:-Toppings on the burgers were not explained very well by the soft-spoken cashier, I had to ask several times what would be on it and repeat several times the things that I wanted removed (onions, mayonnaise).-Service was pretty bad. My husband and I sat in a far corner booth so that we could chat and be alone. Towards the very end of our meal, as we were taking our last few bites, a female employee approached and asked if she could take our tray (which was resting below our other plates/utensils). We politely said "No, thank you". She said "Are you sure?" We said "Yes". At this point she lingered by our table and eventually responded, "Really? Because I can take it right now". And we said "That's OK, we are still eating." And she walked away. First of all: Why does it matter? Our meal is almost over, anyway. It would have made sense to ask at the beginning, but not now.Second of all: The customer is always right. -Burgers were just OK. You can get a tastier one at Smashburger or Five Guys for around the same price point. My chicken sandwich (with teriyaki sauce on a wheat bun) was good but not great.Overall, the place is new & nice but the servers are clearly not well-versed in customer service. But I realize that as a new restaurant, customer service is the hardest yet most critical part to master.
4	I have to laugh at the person that stated the service was bad. I have now been three times (can you blame a gal for craving a burger?) and each time everyone is almost too overfriendly. They ask if you have been in before and if you state no, they offer to go over the menu. Now this might stop after this location has been open longer, but it's helpful since there are only a few locations in the valley. When your order is ready, you are paged and you go up to grab your meal, and they always find it necessary to read back your order, when right in your hand is a tray with a juicy burger begging you to take a bite... so I am always a little feisty for them to read it off, since I want to chow down! They also seem to want to check in on you while you are eating, which is nice... but can be overwhelming if you are on your lunch break and trying to catch up with a friend... but I won't complain about good ol' polite customer service. I order their original char burger without cheese and without the onions (I did try them with the onions and honestly, I liked the taste of the burger better without)I like their crispy onion rings, they seem healthy if that is even possible for an onion ring... but they are crispy and not greasy. Try them, you'll understand what I am saying better :)The fun item I always get "to go"??? Their coffee flavored milk shake. It's light, it has nice flavor and is a little bit of heaven.PS: Parking is not like it was with "My Florist" there are many more available spaces now, which is totally awesome.
2	New to the neighborhood here in Phoenix.  I was looking forward to checking it out.Burgers ... Just OK.Milkshake ... Really good.Service ... Just OK.Sad to say I won't be back (unless all I'm craving is a milkshake). Culver's is much better for burgers and fries and their service is five stars  everyday.  Just say'in ...
2	Went there last night to eat for the first time and was rather disappointed.  The service was great, the food, just ok.  The hamburger reminded me of the animal style In & Out burger (sauce and fried onions).  The patties were from frozen, the fries from frozen.  Nothing special.  To be honest with you Culver's, Smashburger and Five Guys have much better food for the same price. Probably won't go back.
5	They have delicious food, great service and the restaurant is nice and clean better than the goleta location.
3	Perfectly good for fast food.  Head and shoulders above the standards, and on par with the new breed of modern quick casual burger concepts.  The location is new and clean with plenty of parking, and the staff is efficient and friendly.  The menu is also fairly small and simple, which I prefer, and prices are very reasonable.The food itself is just okay.  The burger is alright.  For something that's "charred" it lacked a grilled flavoring.  The bun was also a little stale.  The fries are very plain.  There was barely any texture to them, and no seasoning, not even salt.  They literally were just fried potatoes.  Could have used at least a touch of salt.  At least they weren't greasy.  I'll give Habit Burger props for the pepper bar.  That is awesome and different.I also don't know if I dig the pager or not.  While it's nice to not hear someone saying "order #x is ready" every thirty seconds, I hate having something extra to hold while I wait for food.This location is fairly close to my office, and was worth a try while driving to work.  I definitely wouldn't recommend going out of your to give it a try, but if you're in the area, why not taste something new?
4	Nothing more to say but great burgers and oh yeah the onion rings were pretty damn good!
4	Good burgers and friendly staff.  I shall return.....
3	This took over the "My Florist Cafe" a downtown Phoenix staple that will be missed.  The Burger shop has a fresh new look to the area and is great for that corner.There was good parking which is not the case across the street at 5 Guys so I think they will gain more business.Atmosphere - 6Food - 6It was a great price for the meal - $6.70 for Burger, Drink, Fries.  I would call it a gloried In n Out.  I would rank it better then 5 Guys, just behind SmashBurger but WAY behind Fuddruckers.
4	After seeing these pop up around town .. We decided to check it out..I originally thought this was more of a gourmet burger place but is basically a fast food joint.. More like In-n-Out Burger. I got the double char with Swiss and it was good and fresh tasting and the onion rings were good also. Friendly staff and bright clean space although it was sad to see it was the old My Florist Cafe which was a great place.. At least they are keeping the sign up. All in all a good place to grab a burger.
4	I'll keep it simple. This place sits right under Five Guys and In-N-Out on my list of favorite fast (fresh) food burger joints... It's a great burger, very fresh... but you don't have as many options and the fries don't even compare to Five Guys. I got the mushroom and swiss char... that's basically the extent of their burger options... and I thoroughly enjoyed it! But the whole time I was thinking I wish this burger had bacon and fresh jalapenos on it!!Nice place, but given the choice I'm going across the street...
5	I actually REALLY love this place. It's hard to find a decent burger out here! The menu is small, but to me that's usually a good sign that they 'perfect' their craft. I love the toasted bun on the burgers. I ordered the Mushroom and Swiss char burger and it was super juicy and made-to-order. The french fries were delicious and not soggy or salty, but I would pass on the sweet potato fries next time. Didn't have much flavor and tasted like cardboard to me. My boyfriend ordered the strawberry malt shake and I ordered the chocolate malt shake and downed that thing like there's no tomorrow. IOverall, it was a very unhealthy but delicious dinner! Reminds me of a burger joint in L.A. that I hit up every time I'm out there. Glad to find a place similar right down the street!
4	Great Food, Great Taste, Great Low Prices.I have tried:-Double burger on sour d bread with avocado. True Bliss!!!-Tuna sandwich, It was delightful..-Fries not so much-Onion Rings aaaaa, so-so..But the main entrees (Burgers & Sandwiches) were off the chart!!
3	Got the free coupon, so we headed there for lunch today.  I was surprised, the burger was a lot better than I expected! Filing, juicy, fresh toppings.  The fries were above-average, but for what it's worth, I can't stand Five Guys fries or In N Out's.  So if you're a big fan of those, you may not agree with me here.  Super clean place, friendly staff.  Lots of parking for now...until Potbelly opens in a couple of weeks and the lot will be packed (sidenote:  I will pass up Habit for Potbelly every day of the week, but that's a different review.)Overall good burger and fries.  I'd like to try something else off the menu next time. That being said, I'd go back.
5	This place is great! I had a number 1 combo with avocado and it was one of the better burgers I have had, definitely a step above the standard fast food burger.  This place was extremely clean and everyone was very friendly. The condiments were a plus, I had some yellow hot chilies with my meal at no extra charge. I'll definitely be back!
3	Looks like HBG has joined the league of cheap a$$ burger joints.  So its only fair that  I rate their burger and fries to the league leaders *cough* ahem: In-N-Out and FIVE Guys Right off the bat, their patties were just a bit on the FIRMer side.  Not sure about you but I prefer my burger a little softer.  To be honest, tasted similar to what you can make at home or store bought.  The fresh veggies, grilled onions and buns were nothing extraordinary.  The fries were also nothing to write home about.  Mediocre at its finest.  Nothing about it stood out.  The couple of things that I did like were their lttle bar that had unlimited amounts of pickled chilis (like In-N-Out), peperoncinis, and jalepenos.  Along with bottles of A1 Sauce, Worcestershire, Tapatio, and Tabasco.   When it comes to pricing and burgers, In-N-Out takes the GOLD, while the victor goes to FIVE GUYS for their puffy, potato tasting fries.  Sorry HBG, you get the consolation prize.
5	Really great burgers, sweet potato fries and strawberry shake. Kitchen was wicked clean too.
3	This place is slipping. They never seem to get the order correct.  Last night, nearly stale hard french bread on chicken sandwich.  Will write an update regarding a subsequent visit.
1	First off I go here all the time, this will be my last. The girl in the front taking orders is a total sweetheart. Love her. She has always be so nice, attentive and sweet. However I went there tonight and requested my burger without cheese, which I always do, and the cook put cheese on it. The young lady wanted to make me a new one even make me one to go but I told her it was fine because it wasn't her fault. As I walked away with the burger the incompetent, arrogant, cook was told by her that I didn't want cheese and I hear him say "he'll be fine" very rudely. After I finished half my burger, didn't even care to finish the fries I left and told the cook that next time he might want to wait before the customer is gone before making such rude comments especially when he was completely in the wrong. Next time i'll hit up Five Guys. Lame. Broke this habit.
3	The menu reminds me of five guys, but there aren't as many fun options:/  We did appreciate the no charge jaleps and banana peppers, but they are self serve.  You gotta peel apart your burger and set them in there yourself! I'd rather pay an extra 50 cents, y'know? The menu says the onions are caramelized.  Mine were grilled, not caramelized at all.  The burger was about a 1/4in thick.  Pretty juicy.  The lettuce wasn't just iceberg, it had some pretty good green color to it, which I always appreciate.  Didn't get a chance to try out the sweet potato fries, but they looked awesome....
5	This place has GREAT food at a very reasonable price. I use to go across the street to % guys, however the Habit is now my favorite. The wait to get in is sometimes bad, especially around lunch time, however they get you in quickly.
1	Let's just say it won't become a habit for me.
3	Not a bad burger joint. Limited menu and the food was pretty good. Nothing spectacular but the service was very good! Fries were pretty salty, though.
4	We decided to eat here on our way to the DBG.  I'm glad we stopped in.  The burgers are awesome.  I tried their cheeseburger and my friend had the teriyaki burger.  Both were amazing.  Great location!
4	If you are looking for a great burger that is not going to bankrupt you, this is the place. I have never had a bad burger here. This place is very clean and the food tastes fresh. There are some good options for healthy eaters such as lettuce "bread" and chicken sandwhiches. Cheap, fast, and tasty.... no complaints here.
2	2/22/13, Fri...So we finally decided to try this place after we saw Cory McKlosky from FOX Morning News (...i know, i know...don't  ask...not a FOX News fan at all), but anyway, Not a good 1st impression right off the bat... There were 2 guys goofing around/teasing with the cashier girl, both being loud & kind of obnoxious for several minutes as we were waiting behind them to place our order. Finally, a 2nd cashier girl came to get or order.  I had ordered the Sourdough Grilled BBQ  Chicken Sandwich.... They made it with a Wheat bun instead! I got the manager, Maggy, she was super sweet & quite apologetic. And my partner ordered a double char burger, but it was the bun that was charred & dried out, & hard. I decided to just go ahead & eat mine, but my partner had re-ordered his.  We also got sweet potato fries...nothing special... kinda disappointed...Nothing like the Cinnamon-Dusted Sweet Pototao Fries at FEZ on Central! Damn, those are good, anyway,...I also ordered a strawberry shake...Again, I was kind of disappointed... It was like ice milk, not creamy at all like they are at IN-N-OUT BURGER, which is the KING of burger places... Doulble-Double kicks @$$ by far, which are HUGE, back in So Cal where I'm from. Anyway, wasn't too fond of the strawberry flavor...so, I got it exchanged for chocolate which was a littlle better...So to make this long story short, (too late, lol), we will probably not be returning here.  Seems like they're trying to be like SMASH Burger.
5	Better than Smashburger. Cant get enough of their onion rings and BBQ Burger. Give it a try, you will be back for more.
4	AMAZING! most places i've gone to i have never been able to finish a burger because i get kinda disgusted by them but here I finished it and wanted more. The shakes weren't all that great, kinda watery but the burgers like i said her amazing! If you love In-N-Out and/or Culvers you will love The Habit as well :)
2	Did not live up to what others have said about the place. 5 guys across the street is much better, smashbuger continues to the best burger in town!
5	If you have not had the teriyaki  char burger... You are failing at life.
3	Today was my first visit to the store - past meals have been a coworker picking up orders for several of us.The food has always been fresh and up to expectations.The store was clean and the staff was friendly and efficient.Not a bad option for a workday meal, but there is no wow factor for me - I doubt I'd ever go out of my way to plan a meal at Habit.Burger competition is getting tougher in this town, and Habit just ranks as A-OK. Double char burger (no cheese), french fries, fountain drink = $7.20 plus tax.I ended up throwing away most of the fries.
4	Pleased with a quick double char. First time visit. Despite the photos I did not come across errant pubic hairs in the bathroom. Very clean restaurant and good service.Char burger was made right and had good taste.
3	Burgers are becoming a commodity to rank in this town. A good burger isn't difficult to come by but a five star burger experience - I really don't know where to find it. We were in a burger mood and didn't want to drive far on a Sunday afternoon. We headed to five guys and, upon pulling into the parking spot, looked at the habit and decided to try something new. When we arrived, I was immediately taken back by the small menu. I prefer options but, hey, sometimes places just stick with what they know and master a small menu. We ordered two double combos and got our drinks. Though it was a slow Sunday afternoon, over half the unoccupied booths and tables were still dirty - and I am not understating the need for a good wipe down on most of them. We found refuge at the only clean tabletop, a high six-seater near the door. I noticed some parties after us come in and just wipe down the least soiled tables themselves.The food was fine. I liked the fries and the patties were juicy. I wish they had more toppings to choose from. I'd eat it takeout but doubt I'll return to dine in again. I am still searching for a five star burger dining experience and I feel confident I am not going to find it at The Habit.
4	I'm not a hamburger person, but this place is not your ordinary hamburger place.  They are even better than In-N-Out and lower calories.  They have a selection on the bun and the meat.  The stake sandwich is fabulous.
5	Been going to this location weekly for lunch since it opened.  The service has always been great and I love the chicken sandwich.
5	This restaurant has the freshest food with the most flavorful burgers.  I highly recommend Habit should you need a quick bite to eat thats well worth every penny.  The Staff is incredible and always smiling.
3	Overall, this place was unimpressive.  Get a sandwich next door instead.  The food is alright- nothing bad happened here... but the employees are... not helpful I guess you would say.When we ordered, the cashier was very clearly untrained and kept pulling other employees to help her with the transaction.  Instead of a manager or another fully trained employee helping her she kept having to get someone else's attention to help put in our order and give us change.  I paid with cash... the cash drawer was open... and I'm pretty sure that the register tells you how much change to give me.  Why she needed help counting out change was beyond me.
3	Not the best not the worst. Average and okay but nothing to die for.
4	Great neighborhood burger place. Burgers always taste fresh and juicy. Fries and onion rings are both delish. Patio is a great plus on nights that have good weather.
3	Lot's of burger places and this is another one.
4	It is already nice to going into a Restaurant and be welcome.  I have been here a couple of times now and I love their burgers. I always get the char-burger with grilled onions.  They are really quick at getting your food ready and the staff is always smiling when they are working.  That is one of the reason why I like coming here because there staff is amazing and burgers are great too.
5	The sandwiches and burgers here are amazing. There fries are always fresh and warm. You can place orders over the phone but they require you to pay up front. That's there only downfall in my opinion
5	My favorite place to eat a lettuce wrap burger. Everything tried has been great. Its premium food but has a fast food feel to it. I try to eat here once a week..  Only thing that is annoying is the cashiers can't keep up when its busy, but the food is worth the wait.
5	Perfect med rare tuna sandwichI have order that fresh tuna sandwich several times recently...eating more fish and chicken...it's so good and perfectly cooked every single time.  Friendly staff and very clean.  Thank you
4	This is definitely one of those, dont judge a book by its cover type of places. The outside looks a little sketchy, but the inside is welcoming and pretty nice looking for a burger shack!    When I walked in, I was greeted with a very warm, "hello, how are you?!" They made it super easy to order. What I definitely loved about this place was the made to order burgers. Its not like other places where its frozen burgers being made, they use real meat! It was absolutely delish, and my stomach was doing millions of cartwheels of pure happiness.I will definitely be returning
2	The burgers were fine. The sweet potato fries were lame, really soggy. The kids meal came with a cute gummy burger that our daughter loved but when she went to eat her apples they were moldy. I went back to get new ones and they didn't even say sorry. Disappointed.
5	These are GREAT Burgers, Real meat and they have different spicals every week.  I love the freash sweet potatoe frys.
4	Nice place. Price is cheap. Good atmosphere. Definitely a good stopover to get some really good burgers and fries. I like it here, not just its clean but also the service here is good.
4	We've been to the Habit in California and were happy to see this one in Phoenix. The burgers are great with fresh ingredients. The fries are delicious too. We went on a Sunday for lunch. It was not too busy. Parking was easy and convenient.
4	Must have forgotten to review this place. I went here a couple months ago for lunch and got a burger, fries and a malt. All of it was really good. The portions are pretty large and everything tasted fresh and was prepared well. Definitely give this place a shot if you want a good burger without having to pay a fortune for it.
3	I tried the sabra monica burger. I been here couple times now and wanted to try something new. They messed my order up and the fries were so simple and out of the frozen bag. They need to give more flavor to those fries. The burger was great. When I went to tell them about the messed up order they didn't even apologize ? What kind of customer service is that. They re made it. But didn't tell me a word? Ok they need to work on they hospitality .
4	Love it I received a coupon for a free burger It was marvelous darling just marvelous!!! With the carmelized onions and the sweet potato fries  ummm good
5	I'm surprised by the 3.5 overall star rating of this place. For the price, and considering its a fast burger, this place is tops! I live nearby and eat here about every couple of months to satisfy my quick burger fix. The food is always good, and the restaurant is one of the best run franchised operations in the valley. The staff is always so kind, appear to be happy, and they're all well put together. Kudos to the owner and staff of this place.
3	A very good burger from a California chain.  Excellent service, nice decor, wide variety of menu choices for burgers Exactly the way you want them, plus combinations you never imagined.  You'll pay for all that.  California Pizza Kitchen on a hamburger bun.
5	I had lunch here today and was really surprised at this non-assuming burger restaurant. A friend recommended it and I met him here for lunch. I ordered the grilled chicken on a whole wheat bun with bbq sauce, lettuce, grilled onions, and tomato. It's cooked over a fire grill and was ready in about ten minutes. Probably one of the best gilled chicken sandwiches I have ever had. Nice restaurant with not quite enough seating though. Very busy at lunch time. The manager was very involved and helped remove the trays form the tables and came by to see if everything was good.
4	Another great burger chain! I love seeing quality fast food burger joints pop up all around the city and the country. These establishments have a cornered out a great segment in the market and have tons of potential for growth in the coming years. I tried The Habit after reading an article online that surveyed costumers from all around the country as to which high-end burger joints would they most want to move into a city near them. To my surprise is was not In-N-Out or Five Guys at the top of the list - it was The Habit. Having never heard of them before I was delighted to find that we here in Phoenix are lucky enough to have one in out downtown area. As soon as I got my food I could clearly see what all the fuss online was about. This burger rocks! Most notably The Habit uses really fresh ingredients, the cheese is perfect and tasty, and the onions are grilled to perfection and plentiful. I order a side of fries and a chocolate malt to accompany my burger. The fries were nothing special. I was really expecting a whole lot more and was disappointed to find how basic they were. However, the chocolate malt was the best I have had all summer! I would highly recommend giving The Habit a try the next time you are downtown.
4	The Habit is a good change from normal burger joints. It's like a classy, "Carl's Jr." Their menu is OK and the service was decent. The parking during lunch time is tough so get there early.
4	The Habit Burger Grill is such a great place to go out to enjoy a burger! It's a grill with quality service and quality food. Its a small casual place where you can sit with a group of friends, laugh and enjoy your food. The place is welcoming and friendly, the employees are great workers by showing pride in their job. You can walk in and right away fall in love with the place. Adding to it is the food ! The burgers are juicy and well made, they aren't like the other fast food where the burger has bad presentation. They have everything a buyer needs and you can even adjust it to your pleasure.The wait is a little long but its worth it. The fries are the best I've tried, they are crispy and have great flavor. The place its self is also great ! its clean, and the style is nice. Its not too loud and its family friendly. My brother took me and my nephews had a great time enjoying our burger at Habit Burger Grill.
2	Walking into this incredibly clean, well-kept restaurant, I was expecting a great dining experience. While the service was top notch & the staff friendly, the main attraction - the hamburger - was a study in mediocrity.  The meat was flavorless, bland and disappointing.I indulged in a Santa Barbara style burger with bacon, and ALL of the flavor of the sandwich was derived from the toppings & toasted bread. The meat could have been mising entirely,  and the sandwich would probably still taste the same. The avocado that topped the burger seemed fresh, but lacking any flavor or character.**Take note - this burger includes pickles with the avocado. WORST FLAVOR COMBINATION EVER.**The bright side of our experience was the onion rings & iced tea, both of which were phenomenal. Seriously some of the best onion rings I've had in Phoenix. Generous portion, great batter, tasty & fried to perfection. The iced tea had a flavor profile that I couldn't identify,  but was complex and refreshing.If ever forced to return to The Habit, I will get two orders of onion rings & an iced tea.Hold the burger.
4	WOW! I get why this place is called "The Habit" it is delish. Best burger I've had in Phoenix in years. This will be our new burger spot. Great taste, tender meat and love the grilled onions. No picture since I couldn't wait to eat it after one look.
