5	It's not too often you can walk into a casino in Vegas and feel like you're THE high roller, but at Bill's, you certainly can. Okay, we mostly went here because we were with our friend Bill, and we all thought it would be funny to go into Bill's. Looking back, it was a lot funnier last night when we were all tipsy and stupid. We were seeking fun, $5 craps tables, and we found them! The table was cold when we got there, but we left, about $500 ahead. The crew at the table was really into having a fun time, and helped us remember all of our bets when we were a little buzzed. The cocktail waitresses were awesome and on their game (still a little drunk writing this now, actually). I know this place used to be called Barberry Coast, but I think the new name is more fun. It's like you're actually playing with friends, rather than being robbed by pirates.
3	My husband and I got a kick out of the kitschy Bill's Gambling Hall, the newest addition to the strip.  It looks straight out of the 70s, which is kind of weird since it's new and all, but we pretended to forget that and played slot poker.My dad is named Bill, and whenever he really likes something (the two things so far have been Starbucks and a McDonalds), we call them "Bill's McDonalds" or whatever.  It was like Bill's Casino came predestined to be my dad's favorite.  In a sad twist of irony, he isn't much of a gambler, but we still tried to go eat in the Victorian Room in the middle of the night, since my husband was so intrigued by their advertisements of $.99 margaritas and $4.25 hotcakes, sausage and eggs (or something similar).  The wait was so long, we never figured it out.  It was still a cool place to check out, though, and a nice respite from $8 beers and $12 pancakes.
3	Nothing bad or negative happened to me here. Bill's Gambling Hall reminds me of an old time saloon. Lots of smoke. Slots were "ok". They serve drinks out of plastic cups. I ate at the Victorian Room twice.  Ample servings, nice prime rib dinner. No complaints. They really need to do something with the ventilation in the casino.
4	Old school cheesy casino, and I loved it!!There was the official cheesy lounge act that was actually not bad.  The best part about Bill's is in a town were your average price for two Grey goose and sodas is $24 these were only $13! Yes, they came in plastic cups and you weren't sitting next to highly sophisticated people but hey it's Vegas. I LOVE the penny slot machines. Who knew that I could be so entertained with a couple bucks. The only downside is that it is really old and super smokey. It is the fun dive bar of casinos.
3	We were just looking for a cheap crash pad in Vegas, and we found it at Bill's Gamblin' Hall.Don't expect amenities, don't expect "wow" rooms.You'll get a decent sized room (we fit 6 in there, yeeeeeea!) and a teeny tiny bathroom.We turned our room into a mini frat house with our booze and liquor, but hey, it was NYE.  Decent service, but like I said, NO amenities whatsoever.Cheap, though.
4	I don't know about you, but I'm all into cheaper gambling tables.  If I'm going to lose all my money, I'd like to do it as slowly as possible.  The tables here have lower limits and the dealer are all super nice and funny.  I had not been here since Bill's bought it but it's really no different from the old Barbary Coast. At least as far as casinos go.  Take a break from the Vegas glitz and glamour and have some fun at Bills.
5	Hey Stanley K, fuck you!  Go to hell, or to Planet Hollywood.  Bill's Gamblin' Hall is the only place you need to go in Las Vegas, Nevada.  They have $1.50 Miller Lites in plastic cups and people losing control of their lives who are happy to let you watch.  They have 99 cent margaritas but stay away from them unless you like your stomach to get turned into a sticky mess: I saw them pour all the tequila in first and it's like less than a quarter inch tall.  The shit that comes out of the spot is pure frost.  My favorite thing to do here next to watching the guy in a Giants shirt lost all his money quickly at craps was to sit in the sport book and watch 8 HDTV's all playing different things at once.  Another thing to do here is watch the Kenny Dee Band play some live music.  Lots of places to sit down and no one is going to look all funny at you like they do in other casinos like Bally's or something.  They speak one loving language at Bill's and it's money, and beer, and cigarettes.
4	What the fuck happened to this place?!? Well not much really. Its got the old Vegas seedy charm and cheap tables.But who's Bill?!?! This place will always be the Barbary Coast to me.Extra points for running into Jared from the Subway commercials with a prostitute! Viva Vegas!
4	I did not gamble here.  But I did drink the .99 cent margs.  And they did get me drunk.  I think they got everyone on the strip drunk, because I saw everyone walking around with at least 8 of them.  In each hand.  Seriously, it's great.  My next trip to Vegas, I will buy 8 of them, and put them in my own booze mug so I don't have to worry about spilling them on my jeans like I did this time around.
4	Oh yes. Thrills at Bill's! I guess everyone has heard of this place. It seems the 99 cent margaritas during happy hour are the draw here. When is happy hour - 24/7 at Bill's!I'm not typically a margarita lover unless they are made just right. Ok, Bill's is terrific! Probably the best deal in Vegas that I came across. These pack a punch and make your day, morning, evening; whatever you are celebrating happy, happy, happy!I did actually spend some time in here gambling too and breathing in the local color. This casino reminds me of the Cal Neva in Reno. It's small, tacky, a little run-down, has that lounge band, cheap drinks and stale smoke. I loved it! This was actually the only place I played Blackjack while I was there. The dealer was nice and fun, zero stars for the cocktail waitress who asked all of the men at the table what they wanted and whizzed past me two times even though I only wanted a ginger ale. Whatever.  I would certainly stop by Bill's again when I am in town. Nostalgia and 99 cent margaritas - can't really go wrong here.
4	We lied to everyone back home that we were staying at the Hooters Hotel for our romantic road trip to Las Vegas over Valentine's Day. We stayed here, and it was great. For $61 a night you get a hotel with FREE PARKING (if you park your car yourself) that's across from Ceasar's Palace, kitty corner from the Bellagio, and dangerously close to Bally's with its infamous "monorail." Basically, the location is ideal and they have plenty of $5 tables for the non-serious/cheap gambler in you.Our room was clean and featured a large flat screen TV. The movie selection wasn't great, but there were, of course, oodles of porno choices. Room service was very quick, totally expensive, and friendly. If I ever end up in Las Vegas again and I haven't yet won the lottery, I would probably stay here.
4	All I can say is that I love 99 cent margaritas.  I mean, they are pretty small servings but, still, you can get 20 of them for $20!  If you get one of those ceramic souvenir drinking vessels from Paris, you can fit five of these Bill's margaritas in it and be on your way.  Or, just stay and refill it a few times!  I only played a few machines here and no tables but it seemed like an OK place.  They had a really popular karaoke section here, too (in a different bar area).  It is a smaller, low-key casino, but definitely worth a visit during Happy Hour - it's a fantastic deal!
5	this is a  coll casino. i stayed at the super 8 so i had to walk past it every  night . the have 1 dollar margaritas.  they have big  elvis sining there every night, it has a old look to the place. they also have a western union i need it to have my dad and me money my credit card did not work the first day i was here. it may not been the most famous casino in  Vegas but i think its one of the best .
4	BIll's to me = 99 cent margaritas (yes, they're small, but they pack a punch and...dude...at 99 cents, what are you expecting?  After a few of these, I forgot how I used to hate tequila), smoke filled casino (but what casino in Vegas ISN'T?!), seemed darker and mustier than other casino's, old and rundown in appearance, yet oddly comfortable.  Bill's is kinda like that unpretentious friend you visit when the world starts feeling a little too overwhelming and materialistic...he's rough around the edges, but he shows you love and he's real with you.  What you see is what you get.  I made sure to visit this friend everytime I would pass by it on the strip during my last Vegas trip...which was a lot.  Good times with friends.  What's better than that?
5	Boyfriend and I stayed here this past weekend and we loved it! It was affordable and the rooms were nice! The gambling was awesome and he won a few times playing LET IT RIDE! It is close to everything and you can use the pools at THE FLAMINGO - the "GO" pool is super cool and adults only! And BLUE MOON is only $3 a glass! $1 margaritas were also awesome and they are STRONG!
3	Old western style ambience doesn't win but for the price and proximity to the strip you can't go wrong.  Plus the small gambling area makes it easy to find your lost ones.  The two things that were raved about I didn't try. The line for the 99 cent margaritas was too long and we were too tired for Drai's.  If you are looking for an inexpensive room on the strip that is centrally located then Bill's may be for you.
4	We wandered through on our first stop of the evening to get a couple drinks and listen to the cover band doing Elvis and Sweet Caroline... bum bum bum!!  It was a fun, old school feel, and unlike at our regular local bars, I was the only one doing the extra verses of Sweet Caroline...  Next time I'll have to come back for the 99 cent margaritas and Drais. :)
4	When you think about it, hotels in Las Vegas COULD BE really disgusting. This one isn't. In fact it's really clean and if you get a non-smoking floor, not even smelly!Clean rooms, nice TV's, location is amazing, and I was able to sleep despite the fact that our room literally overlooked The Strip (across the street from Bally's). Ordered room service b/c couldn't find food at late hour...it was prompt. No complaints on this one.
4	A solid hotel if you're looking for just a small room to sleep and be near the the casinos. Because it was located at the heart of the strip, staying at Bill's would be a no-brainer, i assume, for a lot of travelers. Stayed there for two nights (included a saturday) and the bill came out to be $165. Checked at hotels.com, i found the nearby casinos to avg. about $250 and up for two nights stay.My only gripe is the sliding door separating the bathroom and the bedroom always creaked everytime. Imagine Wolverine's claws piercing through a chalkboard!Other than that, a great deal on a hotel room.Go on ahead, reserve a room at Bill's and use the money you saved from that and utilize to fulfill your gambling addiction =-DA tip on reserving a hotel room in general:If you reserve early, be sure to check back often as they change the prices at certain times to reflect demand. Hopefully for you, demand won't be as high and as hotels are trying to fill rooms near your reservation date, prices will go down in price. If you find that rates have gone down on those days you were planning to stay, cancel your old reservation and immediately make a new one which will reflect the new prices. Make sure you're aware of their cancellation policy first before taking any action!
4	This place is excellent. It used to be the Old Barbary Coast Hotel. The rooms have been updated, they are very clean and have nice furnishing including a plasma screen television. The location is excellent. Close to the bigger, fancier places. The main reasons I stay here is as follows:1. Cheaper than the big Casinos2. Faster check in and check out (rarely a huge line)3. Free Parking attached to the Hotel4. The Diner in back is good, (Even has Chinese Food)I lived in Vegas in the 70's and this place reminds me of how it used to be.
4	I'm a big fan. Everything here is inexpensive.Our room was much cheaper than anything else around this hotel and we were still on the strip, next to the Flamingo. The room itself was surprisingly large. I wasn't surprised that it was clean but this is obviously important too :-) Nothing luxurious but you don't notice luxury when you stumble back into the room at 3am, have a brief appointment with the porcelain god, and promptly go to sleep.Cheap item #2: $1 margaritas. Not great quality but a great way to start a night of drinking. A bit too sweet. But I had two to start off nonetheless.Cheap item #3: The roulette table. This was the only casino that I found $5 minimum bet tables. I still found that too high to play for more than 10 minutes but at least Bill's is cheaper than the rest.Overall a great home base.
5	I have returned to gamble at Bill's on two trips in the last few months and I still love it there.  There are always $5 craps tables - I love that.  The dealers are nice.  I like the players' club here because they give you a coupon book and it seems to not take long to get comp dollars to spend in the restaurants or gift shop in the casino.  They also have the twice daily promo where the big explosion noise sounds and everyone with a players' club card in a machine gets a bonus $10 in comps.  All this combined meant that we had a free lunch for two in the Victorian Room after a day and a half of sporadic gambling here.  This place is definitely not as fancy as some places but it's still nice and clean.  And, they still have the 99 cent margaritas ALL DAY (and night) - fabulous!  I still have not stayed here but it is definitely one of my favorite places to gamble.
3	I've never STAYED at Bill's...although it does look like they've spiffed the place up since it was Barbary Coast.  I had been in BC a few times to play the cheaper tables over the years, but there wasn't any real draw for me to go there for any other reason.Bill's probably wouldn't have any appeal to me either...but they made the smart move and hired Big Elvis.  If you haven't seen this guy you're missing out.  He's great.  Good interaction with the crowd and AMAZING voice.  He's still a big guy, but apparently he's lost a shit load of weight, and he talks about that quite a bit - very inspiring guy.  He plays 3 shows during the day on weekdays.  Go check him out in the lounge.  Two thumbs up!  :)
5	On a one-hundred ten degree day in Vegas, after being stuck in traffic on the Hoover Dam with no air conditioning, and after having just hiked 10 miles and 2400 feet up out of the Grand Canyon, Bill's saved our life. The parking garage was easy access to our room and to the strip. Our room was AMAZING as we were given a free upgrade to a suite that was really about 3 rooms with 3 plasma TVs and a spa and 3 bathrooms and a full bar and writing desk and living room. I can't tell you my surprise. We were probably the dirtiest, sweatiest people in the place and they give us a suite that huge.  Blew me away. All in all, we were broke, so we didn't get to gamble much, but the place seemed like EXACTLY the kind of place we will visit again. Not too snooty but right on the strip, nice, clean, cool but not FREEZING like the other casinos, and very friendly. Thanks a million bazillion Bill's!
4	THIS IS ONLY A REVIEW OF THE CASINO OR MORE SPECIFICALLY, THE MARGARITAS.$1 margaritas. They're only about 8 oz. but they do pack a punch! I drank like 10 for $10 and with some vodka shots in the room earlier, I was suuuuuper wasted. When I woke up the next morning, I was in bed with devil horns on and my shirt was on backwards. What the hell happened the night before?!Ah the good times. Thank you Bill's.
4	I came over here for the Prime Rib dinner in the victorian room. The dining area looked old and dated but I didnt care I just wanted PrimeRib, which was delish. The next morning I was ready to eat breakfeast by 6:15 but my buffet didnt open until 7:00 so I decided to come back over for breakfeast as I knew it was opened 24 Hrs. This time my NewYork strip so sooo good, It tasted like a good ol juicy ribeye! I had eggs cooked over easy, has browns, english muffin and coffee with my steak and everything was all good.
1	Worst experience in Vegas, ever.  Even including the hangovers!  Rodney, the guy at the craps table.  Ya, you.  You are a condescending, mean, cruel, ahole kitten-killer.  We were having a good time and you were trying everything to end it.  Lib, you too.  There is no excuse for your deplorable, angry demeanor.  From one pinoy to another, I hope that all your adobo tastes bad for the rest of your life.  That's pretty harsh but so were your words.  I hated this place.  I will gladly never step foot in their smokey, bad attitude riddled casino ever again.  Even the cocktail waitresses act like the only joy they have in their lives is when they're spitting in your drinks.  Just say 'no' Vegas-goers...to Bill's.
4	This past August we happened to waltz in here on a 103 degree evening and surprisingly had a great time. It is small and a little out dated but I think that is the charm of this place. I remember it was called Barbary Coast a few years back and I know the Drais has been here for a while too. The Drais patrons look way over dressed for this establishment..or on the other hand undressed....refering to the females. I like the old style lounge smack dab in front of the bar area. The band that was playing on that particular night was pretty good & they even gave my sister in law a happy birthday shout out! Overall we had a good time chillin and playing here so we will probably be back.FYI- The gift shop has cute Dice Rhinestone earrings for $5! Come on, it's Vegas Baby.....you gotta sport a pair!
5	I LOVE coming here!!!It's right next to the Flamingo,where I stayed last.   I've never stayed at Bill's, but the gambling is the best.   All my fave penny slots are here.  This is very important!   The drink service is above average for the Strip, and I love all the classic rock they play.   I could sit here all night, listening to rock music, drinking for free, and winning money!   Yes, the machines were very "loose" when I was there.  What's not to love?   :)
3	Keeping it and simple. For the location and the price. I think this place is decent. Stayed here with my gf for 4 nights and paid less than 380. At any other hotel that would be like 1 or 2 nights, tops! Plus the rooms are clean, the shower drain does have its problems. I like that the hotel is close to everything.
3	Bill's is definitely one of the more ghetto casinos, but it's still pretty cool. The main attraction here is "Big Elvis". How big is he, you ask? He's big. Really, really big. But more importantly, this man can put on a SHOW. His "King" impression is so spot-on, I'm betting even the most rabid Elvis fans would be fooled. He does free shows every day at 3, 4:30 and 7 in Bill's tiny, tiny lounge. You should check it out for sure - but get there early. It's a hot spot and hard to find a table. As far as gambling goes, they have some decent cheap slots - among my faves were the "Alien" movie-themed penny slots. Plus, I got a few free drinks as the floor is small, and the waitresses are plentiful. And I think it was only around $5 or $6 for regular bar drinks (that's super-cheap in Vegas!). It's also worth noting that this was the ONLY casino on the strip I won anything at. Coincidence? Or the magic of Big E? You decide.
5	This place got me back to square!Was down quite a bit for the 3 days previous to walking into Bills (formerly known as The Barbary Coast). My goal that day was to walk into as many casinos as possible, order a bourbon on ice (Bookers @ 127 proof if they had it) and make at least one wager. Bills was number 4 of I dont know how many that night.Hit 4 jackpots of 100 or more + made loads of cash on the roulette wheel! I hit 9 numbers in a row - straight-up - with at least 2 dollars on each. Thats 35-1 each, kiddies- you do the math.Saw the "Fat" Elvis impersonator perform and he was great! He had a group of women get on stage and play different "Cindy Brady" type instruments... Come on girls, those tamborines through a mic is deafening!Smaller, older casino with more character than that of its counterparts. I think people like that! The place was packed in!My dinner @ Paris Steakhouse was so good after that winning streak!
5	For the price this hotel definitely deserves 5 stars! The location is unbeatable. The hotel is very clean. There are 99 cent margaritas downstairs. And you get a large flat screen TV in each room. What more do you need for a room in Vegas?
4	Best location at one of the busiest intersections on the strip.  It's a small joint compared to its monstrous neighbors next door and across the street....but a FUN place to play and hang out!  There's always an interesting, lively crowd gambling and mingling about.  I've found the slots to be on the stingy side.The Victorian Room diner/coffee shop in the back is a great place to eat.  They have specials that run all the time that are worth trying.  I've eaten there 3 or 4 times.  Good cocktail service and fair drink prices at the bar.  There's a lot of traffic in and out of Bill's due to its great location.  My friends and I enjoy hanging out here for a few hours, then crossing over to Bellagio for their dinner buffet.
4	Bill's is like being downtown while you're on the strip.  It's not big, it's not fancy, and you'll feel like you're at Disneyland with the hokey voiceover tracks (not to mention Big Elvis, who isn't so big any more).  But if you're just out for a good time and gambling - along with some good eats, this is where you'll want to be.To make things ever better, you're right in the midst of the strip, without having to take more than a few steps out of the hotel to get to an intersection.  You don't have to walk a football field to get to the street.  Heck, you don't even have to leave the place if you don't want to, but you certainly can do so, and you're right next to all the monuments to money.  But why?
5	This is the BEST casino... well maybe "gambling hall" is a better way to put it, on the strip!They have cheap drinks.  Good food.  and a SUPER nice staff.  The folks that work here are just really nice.  The pit bosses, the bar tenders, waitresses, everything.  This is my number 1 casino.
4	This is a great casino, and hotel. We booked a regular room, and it was well designed, nice layout, very spacious, and a plasma tv on the wall. The location is pretty damn good too. You are right across the street from Caesars, and an overpass is just outside the casino. The casino was good to me too.... Meaning I didn't lose too much too fast, although I still did lose. They also are appreciative of the business, and will send you offers for decent deals for any sort of play. The best part is Drais, which is the after hours club that is located on the bottom floor.
4	Right in the thick of it.. Easy access, quick in and out to room, casino and parking.. No frills,,,,
5	This place is hopping!Its a smaller casino, but the crowd is happy and staff is nice.Cool little band jamming on a Thursday night...I'm not much of a player, but this is the only joint  where I might just be tempted to learn!
4	Stayed in Vegas late January 2009. By far my favorite time was gambling at Bill's. We dropped in Thursday night after the bars and played a bit and fell slightly in love with a cambodian blackjack dealer named Sophal. Very enthusiastic and friendly, won some money.Saturday night after a lot of bar time we dropped back in around 2am and sat at the blackjack table, didn't leave until about 10am when we had to go to the airport. Made a nice little stack of cash. Sophal was there for the first hour or so and then she was replaced by another lady, I can't remember her name, but I got a kick out of her. She was a 17-year Vegas veteran and obviously burned out, but she had a very dry sense of humor and I enjoyed trying to make her laugh with my drunken babbling.My only complaint was our pit boss. I can't remember his name, but we called him Fred Upton because he's a spitting image of our US congressman back in Michigan. It would have been the cherry on the cake if we could simply have been comped something - ANYTHING. We sat there playing for 8 hours, $25 per hand, constantly, and all we wanted was for him to get us some free breakfast. He said he couldn't. Now that's fine, maybe the numbers just didn't work out to where he was allowed to, but still he was a bit of a cold jerk about it.
1	This place is old, dirty and attracts an older crowd.  Not a good place if you are a young hipster.
5	You get what you pay for... but with Bill's you get a lot more. Bill's is a great Casino/Hotel on the strip for the budget traveler. You couldn't be in a better location without having to pay double what they charge. Besides the fact that the rooms are designed to make you feel you are in an 1800's western they are very comfortable and clean. They all have Plasma Tv's too, and they have a great after hours club called Drai's which is great. This is a no frills hotel so don't expect any extra ameneties. The 5 star review is because of the value for the money, obviously a hotel like the Wynn or Ceasar's would be better is you had the extra cash.
4	The gambling isn't anything special here. I'd rather go to a bigger, more entertaining gambling area at one of the big-name hotels on the Strip.So, why does Bill's get 4 stars? 99-cent margaritas! Yeah, they come in a tiny cup, but fuck it! Those things taste GOOD! I had margaritas at a few places on the Strip; most of which I actually threw away before finishing. I double-fisted my little cups from Bill's and sashayed down the Strip, oohing at the Bellagio fountains, taking pictures with my husband, gambling, and everything else you do in Las Vegas. Whether you want to gamble, see the sights, or just get plastered, stock up on the 99-cent margaritas and have yourself a good time!
5	For some reason they upgraded our room and put us in this swanky suite.  Now, when I say swanky I don't mean swanky by today's standards.  It was probably swanky in about 1970.  It was a total trip to stay in the room, but it was an absolute blast.  And it was only about $40!!!!!  The people who worked there were nice.  Less smoky than most of the other smaller casinos.  I'd stay at Bill's again if I ever had to go to Vegas again.
2	At the end of your night, come to Bill's and get yourself a 99cent margarita then hit up Drai's - one of the few/only after hours clubs. Not a fan of the rooms, but they're incredibly cheap and the location is pretty sweet for that price. Also, I somehow always end up here for late night breakfast... it's incredibly tastey...(or perhaps I'm just that hungry, not quite sure).
1	I use to love this place until they escorted me out in my heels...clear plastic of course.
4	We may have spent too many days at bill's but could you blame us? cheap drinks cheap bets and good fun. For those complaining about the weak margarita's (a couple of my friends did) here's what you gotta do: order a margarita and a shot of tequila (both are just a dollar each!). Tip the guys behind the bar and they'll make em a little stronger for you anyways.
4	We did not stay here, but after sampling a lot of the other casinos on the strip and downtown, we finally settled on Bill's for all our gambling and drinking needs.True it is a small, smokey place, and the decor is somewhat outdated, but the staff is (mostly) friendly and we had great luck on the slots and blackjack tables. This is an ideal place for the small stakes gambler.Don't miss the (free!) Big Elvis show in the afternoons!
3	This review is based of the casino not the hotel. I went in there cause I was bored and never been in here. I am surprise such a small casino is on the strip. Also it does look a little ghetto but other than that is is a good casino to play in.
4	I cant say no to 99cent  Sauza margaritas. Or $5.99 steak and eggs. This place has both. Therefore, I was happy, drunk and full.
3	Yes, they have 99 cent margaritas. Tiny ones. But not horrible. Its not as nice as most of the places in Vegas, but a bigger draw for cheap booze and supposedly cheap food. We weren't blown away by the bartenders, even though they were being tipped a buck each drink on 99 cent margaritas, they seemed to have tunnel vision. So it was a bit of a job to flag down one for a drink. Not the best place on the strip but cheap margaritas, right on the strip location and clean bathrooms provide a good base camp to stop, rest a bit and head out to more boozing and gambling
5	1 dollar margaritas couldn't get any better! We were walking the strip and the flashing sign "1 dollar margaritas" caught my eye, so we made our way in to find this fabulous deal. I was kind of afraid that it wouldn't be good but for a dollar I couldn't pass it up. To our surprise the margaritas are really good! They had two flavors to choose from, strawberry or lime and both flavors were yummy. It's a pretty small cup, but eh!I came back to get one two days in a row, it's just perfect for walking down the strip. Especially refreshing. I will most definitely come back here, every day that I'm in Vegas =]
5	This is one of the few casinos left that has the original Vegas feel. It sitll has saloon-like carpet, dark interior, large wooden bar and smells of cigar smoke. Sign me up. The best part is their featured entertainer, Big Elvis. I would sit all day and watch him perform from his throne. He has built quite a following and it was next to impossible trying to find a seat the last time. They also have happy hour from 5-7. Sold.
5	Just plain fun. Cheap, great people watching and they have Big Elvis. Karaoke is like being on a weird acid trip. You at least need to check it out.
3	I still really like Bill's, but slots are getting tight, tight, tight, and what happened to all the cocktail waitresses????  There sure weren't any working last night.
3	$5.99 steak and eggs!  Great meal to follow the 2 pitchers of beer for $12!  Great deals...ok casino...fun stuff.
4	I love this place.  I loved it when it was the Barbary Coast.  If you want to go gambling on the Strip without breaking the bank paying top dollar at the tables across or down the street, this is your place.It is the doorway to the cheap seats because heading north from here you will find the Flamingo, the Imperial Palace, Casino Royale, O'Sheas, and Harrah's, not in that order.  All of these places have $5 tables and cheap(er) drinks.Bill's is not classy and elegant like the Bellagio or the Venetian...quite the opposite.  However, this place is full of people having fun, something you may or may not see in a classy joint.  It is also full of nice dealers and waitresses...I wish I could say the same for the bartenders.  They have a stage setup near the tables and behind the bar that features everything from karaoke night, local bands and Big Elvis.I have never stayed at the hotel, but I have heard that they have one suite (Buffalo Bill Suite?) that is worth a try for the price.  There is a resident nightclub, Drais, which is one of the premier after hour hot spots in Las Vegas.  I think it opens after 2am on select nights.  Dress code strictly enforced.  This is where many people go after places like the Bank and Tao close down so expect to see a posh crowd.  I like to sit at the tables and watch people walking to and waiting in line at the club.  I call it the parade of sexy.Generally speaking, stay somewhere else and play at Bill's.  You can walk from the Bellagio and Venetian.  That is what I often do.
4	Bill's is a great place to come and crash if you're shell-shocked by the prices on the Strip.  I walked in with three other friends after we ran from Caesar's high table minimums and beer prices.  $8 for two pitchers of beer?  $1 margaritas?  $5 table minimums?  Lounge singers?  Old people dancing?  I'm sold, baby.In terms of decor, quality of the bands, friendliness of the dealers, etc.. you'll definitely get exactly what you pay for.  But at least you aren't paying a lot.
5	Oh, how I love me some Bill's!  Cheap drinks, cheap rooms, amazing location, access to the Flamingo pool.....and that's not even taking Big Elvis into account.  Do whoever and whatever elsewhere, but make sure to eat, sleep, and drink at Bill's while in Vegas.
5	The only time I got drunk in Vegas this last time around was at Bill's.$2.50 Blue Moon on Draft. $5 Vodka Red Bull.Why did I ever go anywhere else?
4	WOW.  What a steal when it comes to hotel rooms on the strip.  Yea, its a small hotel but it's in the middle of the strip, right next to the Flamingo and across the Bellagio.  AND the rooms were clean!  I actually liked our hotel because it had a cute theme to it.  It was like the antique-y Vegas theme I feel like.  The bathroom was cute because it had this stained glass window in the shower.  Actually it was great because if you were booked in a room that had a view of the Bellagio, you can watch the water fountain show they have from your shower window while you are taking a bath.  The shower and toilet are also separated from the sink, so multiple people can use the bathroom.  Probably one of the negatives about this place is that you can't just go to your hotel lobby and have a good selection of food.  They only have one place to eat, their Victorian Room, so if you wanted some fast food or like another option, you have to go to another hotel, most likely the Flamingo.  They also only have draft beers..wtf.  But they do have dollar margaritas.  It is a small size, but hey whatever, it's small.  At least they use Sauza tequila, not some like store brand tequila.  Great place, simple concept, cheap rooms and drinks...I would definitely stay here again.
5	It's a terrible thing that Vegas has gone glamorous.  Bill's is all the more special, set as it is against the backdrop of nouveau riche splendour of the middle Strip.  It has a distinct Gold Dust design aesthetic, ridiculously cheap drink specials (99 cent margaritas, $1.25 drafts, $5 big cans WITH a coozie!). quality entertainment (Big Elvis, cover bands, karaoke), and profoundly good people watching.  Big Elvis really deserves a review of his own.  He's now in his eighth year of performing on the strip (regular-sized Elvis only made it seven) and is worth stopping in as a destination of his own.  He whips the septigenarian crowd into a thick foamy froth twice nightly with a set list that changes with his mood.  It's really one of the great free acts that's left in Vegas.
3	One of the few old school type casinos around. Cheap drinks and cheap food. Shout out to Big Elvis!
4	This place is great.  It's a total throwback with tons of mirrored walls, huge old-school chandeliers, stained glass, female dealers in wild-west style corsets, a super casual and kind of divey atmosphere and, best of all, amazing food and drink deals -- like 99-cent margaritas, two 48-ounce beers for $10, a hot dog and a beer for $4.25 and various specials on shots as well.  If you're not into the ritzier scenes that dominate a lot of the other casinos on the strip (or just don't want to pay the prices that accompany that atmosphere) Bill's is definitely a sweet escape.
3	***While very smoke filled, this casino features $3 and $5 tables, which allows for cheap gambling in a prime Strip location***I'm not sure if this place has a hotel or not, but it has a decent number of tables on its no frills casino floor.  Located next to Bally's and across the street from Caesars Palace and Bellagio, the nice thing about Bill's is that it has lower minimum bet tables.Therefore, if you are at Las Vegas and want to try out a lot of new games without losing a lot of money, Bill's is the place to go.  Dealers were polite enough.
5	I love this place because:- Great location next to Paris and close to Bellagio and all major casinos- Rooms as low as $50.. never higher than $100- Huge flat screen TV in your room- It makes me not feel so guilty about going to Vegas..!- Good ParkingA few years ago rooms at all of the Strip hotels would be like $400 and dirty and old.  Even an Amerisuites off the Strip was over $100 a night..!Bill's has always been $50-100.   Now is a great time to go to Vegas.  If you have been hesitating to go - go now..!
4	There's a hotel above the hall? Who knew, well apparently everybody but me. No matter, while I was there I was just stoked about the gambling hall. We were staying at the Flamingo and Bill's is RIGHT next door. Not like other things on the strip that take forever to get to. Now here is where my love comes in... This was my first trip to Vegas and after hearing how cheap it was overall, I was not impressed that everywhere I looked at first, drinks were the same price as in Vancouver or more and in American dollars, super lame. That's when we went out the right entrance and found Bill's, my new best friend. 99 cent Foster's and 99 cent margaritas, strawberry or lime. Most of the bartenders are super friendly! And it being Vegas, we would stop in, get out drinks and commence our journey to the next location. We did do some gambling here too and they were super quick on the free drink service, even though we were on the penny slots. Awesome waitress. Also, after 24 hours when you get sick of the mix drinks because they are so sweet you can feel the diabetes coming on (and I'm talking about everywhere, not Bill's specifically), you can also just order your margarita and suck the tequila off the top like a shot and choose to drink the rest or not. Also, they do not skimp on alcohol during the day, at night I can't remember how big the shot was...but let's face it, it was probably the same. lol. All in all this is was a main stay in our vacation, An awesome start to any night or day. Also, they have $1 hot dogs...or were they $2 hot dogs? Regardless, they had hot dogs, which were a perfect snack after walking all over the strip, so pop in and get one! They also have a prime rib special for 14.99 and a steak and eggs special for 6.99 from 12am - 6am...I wish I would have remembered to make it there!! Next time I'm considering it a must.
4	We spent a lot of time here, as we were staying just down the street at the Westin.  Bill's was the shit.  For being older, it wasn't that smokey. Great table minimums and attentive cocktails.  Hy hubby and his friend had a good night at the craps table, got us all the free drinks we wanted, while me and my BFF watched Big Elvis.  Great place to kick the night off, or end it at Drai's.
5	We found this place thanks to yelp & are thankful for an affordable place in the center of town ... Loved it. Thank you! We give this excellent review to all who can appreciate a grungy place with no BS!! You have to appreciate it's charms and not be looking for bells & whistles which is exactly why we loved it.
3	Good -1 - Nice cool rooms, televisions, spacious, great location accomodations, which seem like a very fair value. * Despite the items below, overall they were fairly minor, and not a great reason not to stay here again. Bad --1. Plumbing - the entire first floor had to change rooms because they had plumbing issues, we found out because our keys no longer worked, upon returning to the room. I had to pack up everything and change room, so wasted almost an hour on this, nothing was offered to me for the inconvenience (it would have been a nice touch if the hotel at least offered a free lunch for the time wasted in packing and moving). 2. Air Conditioners - both rooms I had , required an engineer as the radiators were noisy, the first air filter removed looked like it hadn't been changed in years.3. Refrigerators - at a premium. Even required for meds, needed to wait a day (mid-week), so make your requests early! 4. Pillows - ugh, 3 small pillows, not 1 decent pillow. Housekeeping only has this kind of pillows, couldn't sleep the first night, remedied by staying up way late from then on, and collapsing due to exhaustion, so not sure if this is such a negative.
1	They're "award winning" restaurant is absolutely the worst place to eat on the Strip. Horribly slow staff that can barely mutter out a few English words. 3 of 7 meals were either totally incorrect or inedible (burnt nachos?, yes they actually burned NACHOS!). The other 4 were cold and a little stale from sitting somewhere in the back during the 50 min wait after placing the order.Avoid this place! It was not worth going and definitely not worth a 45 min wait for a table; 20 min wait for a waiter; 50 min for "food". With eating time =3 hrs for lunch.
5	As the former Barbary Coast and the turf of the Unknown Comic, I wanted a bit of an old Vegas feel for my last sojourn in Sin City - though I believe Newark is the REAL Sin City.  Bill's is top notch when it comes to location and prices.  It's right in the middle of the Strip, across from Caeser's, next to the Flamingo, and guests have access to the Flamingo pool.  Bill's is primarily a gambling hall, like the places down on Fremont, and doesn't cater to the gold-digger, blowdried douchebag elites. You won't find Prada or Ed Hardy or Swarovski boutiques, nor does it conjure up plastic and cardboard images of French chateaux and Spanish haciendas - it's a long block of a building, with gaudy lights and typical flare reminsicent of DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER.  It has it's own style, with its stained glass windows, crystal chandeliers and old West decor, and is favored among the locals.  Bill's Steakhouse, according to my buddy ATJ, (as in Andy "head to the Excalibur! loosest slots in town!" the Jew) , is excellent, but we simply ran out of time.  Big Elvis, though very campy, is a must see.  For those who refuse to say good night, Drais is a hot afterhours, if somewhat cliquey among the locals and those in the know.The bar features 99 cent Newcastles and margaritas - though I hear the margaritas are a bit heavy on the sour mix and low on the alcohol, but the Newcastles are pulled straight from the tap.  You can never go wrong with a 99 cent English import.  Plus, the first time I had a drink at the bar some plain jane type gets up on the stage and sings Edith Piaf's "La Vie en Rose" in French on karaoke and nearly brought the house down. I was sold.Our room was on the top floor, at the end of a hallway that reminded me of the SHINING, half expecting to see a woman running out of one of the rooms being chased by an axe-wiedling "Here's Johnny."  The woman at the front desk (Carlee?) was very nice, hooking us up with a room with a great view of the "Eiffel Tower" and Bellagio fountains.  Our room was clean and looked like it had been recently renovated. There were two Queen beds and a big flatscreen tv.  The only hiccups were that you had to jiggle the toilet handle and I think the air conditioning goes on strike during the night, but we are the types that like everything to be sub-arctic.  The piece of duct tape on the stained glass window in the shower was priceless, but hey, at forty-eight bucks a night for five nights, I will be back.
5	This place is great if you just want a room that isn't scary expensive or scary CSI-crime scene level gross.   It's also way cheap for the location, which happens to be around all the giant and way-expensive resorts like Bellagio, Paris and so on.   It's also the only place I know where you can shut the window and door and actually get QUIET on a noisy Strip weekend night.  After one of those 95 oz. novelty drinks served in a giant plastic cowboy hat or whatever, you appreciate that.  Oh, and don't forget Big Elvis.  Big Elvis is there to serenade you and your cheap Newcastles and shots!  This place is awesome.
3	cheap margaritas for a buck but service sucks. the bartender was a prick and would take forever to give us drinks. Definately a bar with cheap drinks but dont expect great service.
4	They currently have $1 draft Newcastle, not pints but still a fantastic deal.  This is a total dive but has some of the best people watching, as the crowd is a bizarre mixture of hipsters and the elderly trying to get their groove on.  Won a bit at black jack but the cocktail service at the tables is almost non-existent (but once again $1 Newcastle, so all is well).I have never in my life seen such laugh out loud/ hide your face in shame for the person singing, karaoke.  Bravo Bill's for entertaining me far more then most of the major casinos.
1	Might as well have stayed at a Motel 8. The place is a dump and the staff are incompetent. I had to jump through several hoops just to get a receipt for my room deposit. The food is subpar and the casino crawling with degenerates (though the latter is probably true for most of Vegas). Next time I'll fork over the extra cash and go somewhere decent.
5	Bill taught me how to play blackjack. He brought me incredible luck (until my last painful loss) and many cocktails (which were singularly strong, given that they were free.) Great dealers, including the lady who let me change my decision after I sat on two 8's without splitting ("ah ah ah, I wouldn't do that if I were you.") Great people at the tables, no pretense, and the smell of cigarettes and gin stayed in my clothing long after we left Vegas. Loves.
2	Bill's is basically a Red Roof Inn plopped in the heart of the center of the LV Strip.  It is plain and not too interesting.  The rooms are clean but the decor is outdated.  Everything seemed to work well enough except when you shower the bathtub fills up above your cankles.  Food at the diner?  Eh.  nothing exciting.  If it was located anywhere else in vegas (off strip or down by the Sahara, the rooms would be $40 per night.  BUT... the location is key - you are next to EVERYTHING.
4	$5.99 Rib-eye and Eggs are excellent. So impressive that I cancelled reservation at a fancier steakhouse to save my money. I went 2 nights in a row for the steak. It's one of the better deals on the strip. Also had fun chugging on 2-for-1 $10 pitchers of coors light. After emptying out the pitcher, asked the bartender to fill it up with the margarita specials which costed all but 7 glasses. Costs:2 pitchers of beer $101 pitcher of margarita $72 rib-eye specials $12Total: $29Getting blasted and topping it off with awesome steak: Priceless.
3	The rooms are big and the internet isn't too bad. ($11.99 a day)  Shower wasn't working but the maintenance guy came up and fixed it in 30 minutes. The front desk people were nice. The casino is filled with nothing but degenerates but you're in Las Vegas, home of the degenerate.Havn't played poker here yet but the rooms are cheap and it's right across the street from the place that used to have affordable rooms, Bally's. My concern is I hope my car is still in the parking garage when I leave.
3	Steak and Eggs!!!After a night of drinking and dancing, this is the place to stop by before heading back to the hotel.  Cheap food (although not the best quality... but you get what you pay for) and a place to rest your head while waiting for the food.Usually there is a long waiting line because everyone has the same agenda as you (eat before going back to their hotel), but if you put your name on the list and wait around, you will see that the people ahead of you in line will start to disappear because they are tired of waiting or a slot machine nearby was calling their name.  LOL
4	$.99 Margaritas... need I say more?Seriously it rocks.  They come in like a dixie cup, but they each get a shot of tequila so ya... it rocks.  Is it the fanciest casino on the strip?? HELL NO!!!!!!!! I actually prefer to shower after going there, but seriously though every time I go to Vegas i find myself back here sippin margaritas and hanging out.  The Margaritas are at the back bar all the way in the back on the left.
5	$14.99 prime rib, soup/salad, potato, 24 hrs a day.Some of you are probably thinking, wow amazing deal, but other people are probably thinking, you can find cheaper in Vegas (we did). What many of you don't know though, is that this prime rib is actually good. The meat was actually medium rare and tender. The sauce was yummy, the gumbo was delicious and the service was decent. I have to say it was a pleasant surprise.There is also a $5.99 steak and eggs deal from midnight-6am, but we didn't have a chance to walk over there doing those times. I am sure it is probably good though.No free slot for the players reward club and there is a karaoke area (some of you might think this is a benefit).
5	This review is for the casino only.... We stopped by here on our walk along the strip last week. Now my wife and I normally stay at Palms or Cesar's, but I think we will try and book a room here next time. Not only is this place right on the strip but, all the people that work here are super nice. It is a small place, but made a great impression on us both. The casino had good penny slots for my wife and $5 blackjack for me. I made a few sports bets in the non-busy sports book. The entire reason we came here in the first place this trip was because we wanted the $2 hot dogs. DAMN, I don't know if it is the type of bun they use...but it may have been the best thing I ate besides the crab at Paris. They had a little shop in the back end of the casino were we picked up some 5-hour energy and went about our day. The next morning we woke up at Paris and the first thing we said to each other was "I wonder what's going on at Bill's". We went back that afternoon. I think we got there about noon after we ate breakfast and they were opening up some BJ tables for $5 which is always good for me. The drink service is super fast. I guess because no matter where you are, there is not a long walk to the bar. The dealer's, waitresses and even the security guards that we came in contact with were really nice and because of them we will most likely try their hotel next time we are in town. I might have to spend more money and get one of the suites, they look really cool on the website. Even if you are not staying here, I would recommend everyone checking this place out when you are in town or just in the area. Oh and if you play the slots in the back of the casino along the open wall...the breeze feels amazing on a hot day...TRY IT....
4	I have only played in the casino and eaten there, never stayed in the hotel part.I have the best luck playing Craps at Bills!  The casino is small and smokey, and definitely a different crowd than you will see at Ceasars or something like that.  But the staff is friendly and the atmosphere is fun.The restrooms in the casino are probably the worst I have seen.  It wouldn't hurt to run a mop over the floor to at least attempt to soak up SOME of the urine sloshing around.  We also wolfed down the $14.99 prime rib, which was actually half way decent.  For some reason it seems like a Chinese restaurant with prime rib, but for the price you can't beat it.  They don't sell booze in the restaurant but they are happy to fetch something from the bar for you.Overall, it's a win!
4	Stayed there only once a long time ago but have had plenty visits for fun and drinks. if your a clean freak then you are warned because this place is old school Vegas and smells like it. The bar has great drink specials and has a slight wet rag smell to it and most of the times is sticky from the hundreds of spilled or splashed drinks that get served. It may sound like a complaint but believe me it's not, I like dive bars and this is the best dive casino on the strip, there's plenty off strip. The karaoke night is ridiculously crazy and people that go up don't care how they sound because mostly are tourist that cant carry a tune. One girl sang the worst version of Celine Dion's titanic song and the crowd loved it or it may have been her trashy outfit. A must see show there is Big Elvis, this guy has got to be the biggest Elvis impersonators ever. Good nightly show and this big knows how to sing. Every time I go I think this guy is not going to live very long but there he is every year and its been a few. Crowd here is a mix of younger college types and older people who like a good deal. If you like looking at a hot mess of people who also enjoy drinking and fun then check this place out.
4	$.99 margaritas and cheap show tickets. You really can't go wrong.
4	Slots are loose, table mins are relatively low, drinks are cheap and cocktail waitresses are fast.  Not as much variety on table games but I always stop by here for the slots and drinks before a show.  I think the fact they only have one kind of room reflects their no nonsense kind of atmosphere.
4	It's definitely not a stay at the Venetian, but if you're looking for a decent "budget" stay in Vegas you should stay here!  My boyfriend and I have had some horrible budget stay's in Vegas and decided on Bill's by all the good reviews on Yelp.  The rooms are clean and charming with some recent upgrades and the staff at the hotel are super nice and helpful.  You have access to the Flamingo pool and the gambling in the casino is great.  Only downfall is the noise when your in a room facing the strip.  $4.99 steak and eggs is the only thing that's decently priced on their restaurant menu and you might want to go somewhere else for that as well, the after hours steak and eggs at Harrah's is much better!  all in all, the hotel is great and we will definitely be back!
5	Yessss this place is great! Its like a Vegas dive. Definitely not fancy but its got everything you need for a great night in Vegas: gambling, cheap booze ($2 beers $1 margaritas), karaoke! This is a great place to play... but I don't recommend you stay. There is no way this hotel is nice.
4	One dollar margaritas. 'Nuff said.The dollar margaritas here are smaller than your typical margarita but it's a dollar! Who cares?!Good: Cheap margaritas on the strip.Bad: This place is really dated and small.Final: Did I mention that there's one dollar margaritas?
4	Gambling review ONLY!!!The day started when  someone bought me a dollar margarita which i did not enjoy so I will review the craps table!  I stood next to a negative person. He bet against his friend and he won meaning everyone lost. Upon his first roll he bet against himself, yet I stayed positive!!When he finally crapped out,  it was Lefty's turn to roll. Funny how you get in a zone and everyone follows. With only 3 participants when I first started, once I crapped out 30 minutes later the table was full of supporters and gamblers congratulating my good roll. Unfortunately, I never got tipped out when I was the one making them money!!  haha They gave that money to the dealer!!!  Thanks guys for thanking me on making you money!!!  ;)This place is small and dated but sometimes the small dives are the best hangouts!!!
4	After Midnight:  Here's a Great Deal!$4.99 Rib Eye and Eggs.With 2 pieces of toast and hash browns.Well Worth it.  The Meat is thin and grisly.  Not the same rib eye that you may find at Mortons.  But it's more food than say Dennys which is only a couple of doors down. TRY IT!
5	We just spent Memorial Day Weekend at Bill's and we were very impressed. It is by far the best deal on the strip! When we told our friends where we had decided to stay they were giving us a hard time saying that it was sketchy and lame, so we were a little worried that we had made the wrong decision. I am so glad we didn't change hotels! First of all the location is perfect! Within walking distance to almost everything and across from Bellagio and Caesar's palace. Our friends (the same ones who were giving us crap about staying at Bill's) stayed at Paris, they had a view of a parking garage, had to walk miles thru the hotel just to get to their room, and they paid twice as much!! Their room wasn't even that great! Needless to say they felt pretty stupid when they saw our room and our view of the strip and Bellagio fountains!! Ha!! They totally got ripped off!! Not to mention that we also had access to the pool at the Flamingo next door which was an awesome pool, so much fun! The pool at Paris was lame and full of screaming kids!The rooms at Bill's are by no means fancy, but for the price and location they are pretty darn good! The casino was actually fun and loud and always seemed to have good music playing. The drink special were awesome, and after a long night of drinking, the steak and eggs were the best way to end the night/early morning! It was also nice that it is a smaller hotel, easy to get around and not get lost trying to find your room. Big Elvis was awesome too!!!Overall we had a great time at Bill's and we would definitely stay there again!
4	$4.99 rib eye and eggs special.  it's only available between midnight-8 am.  It's well worth it for the price alone, especially for a place that's on the strip.  The place may look like a dive compared to the rest of Vegas, but after a night of heavy drinking, this place will look colorful and the steak and eggs will taste even better!!!  Definitely a must after the club and before bedtime.
4	A great place to change your luck!  Cheap games, eats and fun.  Can't wait to stumble in again.
5	You know who treated us well this weekend in Vegas? Bill's did!!!Our first adventure into Bills begun with us walking the strip and seeing a sign for 99 cent margaritas. The bf didn't believe that it would be real, but I managed to convince him to check it out with me since I love margaritas. We went inside and asked a nice lady working at the casinos if and where we can get these 99 cent margaritas. She was so sweet and told us exactly where to go, and that the margaritas are small, but has a shot in each one. Hey, 99 cents for one shot of tequila, I'm down!Got to the bar and sat down, saw that there were little cups already set out with tequila in them ready to be served with frozen margarita. We ordered the lime margaritas only (there's strawberry available) and it was tasty and decently strong. Compared to the $15+ watered down drinks at the clubs, this was a refreshing change.The bartenders are pretty funny people too, just listening to them talk was pretty entertaining. The reason this place deserves the full 5 stars is for their $4.99 steak and egg special from midnight to 8 am. The plate is large with a big piece of steak cooked however you want with A1 sauce, 2 eggs cooked however you want, and hashbrowns and toast!!! We didn't expect there to be hashbrowns and toast!!! The waiter is well trained to deal with drunk and hungry people and he made our order so easy. The food was brought out promptly, our waters were refilled, and the empty A1 bottles replaced. Overall, I loved Bills. simply for the cheap food, cheap and delicious booze, and the nice people that work there.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Bill's yet! How dare I!On to it, I love gambling at Bill's. Cheap roulette for the win! Although Bill's isn't exactly one of the best casinos/hotels on the strip, I love coming here! I stop here every Vegas trip and it's very walkable for the most part. I mention "walkability" due to the fact I've suffered from a broken ankle for about 2 years and counting (2 surgeries already so it's not like I'm just walking around with it broken).I've also met quite a few characters at this place from all over the world. They also have impersonators performing here from Elvis to Maroon 5 (I know, random).They also have one of those discount ticket stands here as well!I love Bill's because it pays my bills (on a good day).
4	Spent 4th of July weekend here and loved it.  Read so many good reviews going in that it seemed like it would be a safe bet.  It's definitely a change from staying at every other hotel on the strip, but turned out great.  I've always enjoyed gambling at Bills and stopping in for the cheap alcohol, especially the 99 cent margaritas, and thought it made sense to try staying here.  The rates are extremely reasonable.  It is a really quick walk from your room to the strip, so if you need to run back up for something at any point it is very convenient to do so.  You do get use of the flamingo pool which is a huge plus.  That was actually one of the main reasons we did stay at Bills.  That pool in the summertime is worth it.  The rooms itself are fine, nothing special, spacious enough, cleaned before 11 am everyday.  Its a perfect room if you're like me and you use it to simply shower and sleep.  Overall good stay, I would stay here again, and am content with the service and stay.  Also, we never had an issue with strip noise and we're staying on the first floor facing the strip.
4	Funny how such an old, small, non-glamorous casino can get a solid 4 star rating.  Anyway, I only go to Bill's for two reasons:  Drai's Afterhours and The Victorian Room for some 24-Hour food.  Don't let the old casino look deceive you, this place is the bizness.
5	We decided to go to Bill's on our Vegas vacation as my hubby read they had the "good rules" for Blackjack. We went one evening and I had decided to just wander around seeing what else was there while he hit the tables. What I did not know is that this casino is just fun!!There was an empty stool at the bar right by my husband's blackjack table so I sat down and ordered a soda. To my left, I could watch him gamble (giving me thumbs up as he won hands) and to my right, there was Karaoke going hot and heavy. I LOVE to watch this...sometimes there are some really good singers but it is always entertaining either way. :) Well, unless I got up there....then there would be mass panic and running with hands held over ears. Everyone was really having a good time...so much laughter. People at the tables cheering each other on...high fiving was in the air. My husband has told me stories of people who can get very negative at the tables...telling others how they should play their hands, etc....I saw none of that here...everyone just having a very good time. As for the Karaoke...some laughs and some good singers...one girl...and I hope you are reading this....absolutely killed a Whitney Huston song...I think even Simon Cowell would have been impressed. :)Oh, and if the bartender is reading this...you make a mean Shirley Temple! lol
4	Cheap gamblin.... easy walk from Ballys. Great little spot
4	From games to food I agree with all the four and five stars Bill's is getting. I never stayed in the hotel part some people type its small and still giving it four stars it must be good.
3	I love the happy hour here! The cheap steaks and eggs! $2 margaritas! For the price you are paying... there's no complaint... service will be service in Sin City!
5	Thank you yelpers, I decided to stay here because of all the great reviews, and I was not disappointed! If you're looking for a very reasonably priced to stay in the middle of the strip, come to Bill's. Our room was incredibly clean with a great view of the Bellagio fountains, and I love the location of this place - we could walk almost anywhere we wanted on the strip from here. This place had everything I could ask for: dollar margaritas, Fat Elvis, and friendly dealers who entertained me while I played pai gow for 5 hours straight (the complimentary drinks came quickly too!). Will definitely be coming back!
4	Had to review this place because I witnessed my first ever live Royal Flush right when my buddy sat down. Some other dude already had a straight on the flop but hit the royal on the river. Got a nice sum of $599 for hitting it. Too bad it wasn't my friend who hit it, but was cool to see. Not only did he hit the royal, there was also a 9 of clubs so it was a 6 card "royal flush"If you're looking for cheap poker, it can be found here. Watched my buddy play hold 'em since I was already down from playing at o'sheas and didnt feel like being down some more.For the gamblers out there, the table limits are lower so you might be able to stretch your dollars a little longer here.The sun was starting to come up so we got the steak and eggs special at the in house restaurant. Pretty awesome for the price.
5	I never stayed here but from what I understand they have some nice accommodations.  This is a relatively small casino right in the middle of all the action.  The tables are cheap, the drinks are cheap and the entertainment was always spot on.  The dealers here are super friendly when taking my money or giving it back to me.  I really enjoy the small sports book, it doesn't get to crazy at all in here and it is a decent place to kick back and watch the game.  Next time I go to Vegas I'm probably going to stay here just because I am such a fan of the casino floor. We actually brought everyone from our Wedding at the Flamingo here for a little after reception party and everyone had a great time.  They gave us a nice champagne toast and the soul cover  band played Marvin's Let's Get it On, which became our wedding song.  What an awesome night that was.  I am glad Bill's was so accommodating towards our group.  I am also glad they have $2 margarita's too.  Some old dude with a walker totally hit on my straight brother there too which was funny as hell.  It took him a good year to live it down.  Who am I kidding we still bust his balls about it to this day.  The band Freeride rocked the house and it was one of the most memorable parts of our wedding and honeymoon.  Thanks Bill's!!!
3	Dirty, low ceilings but decent. $10 pai gow. As low as $3 craps, the electronic one in the front, where if you sit on the left side of the table you get a pretty nice view of the dancing ladies.  Otherwise it's as low as $5 craps on the other tables.
4	1 of the most comfortable places to watch football.  it looks like they turned the keno area into a bigscreen viewing area.  deluxe chairs.  a hip, vintage casino with great service & strong cocktails.  cool old school crowd.  haven't tried a room or their food
3	Review is for the Poker Room only...Nice room, considering where and how it was set up before. It used to be right at the entrance. The new "room" is pretty nice. 3 tables set up and enclosed. Right by the sports book too.They still have the $20min buy in, .50/1.00 blinds. Not bad to just get some games in and not spend too much money. They have several tourneys too, only $30. Great place for beginners, which there are a lot of. And for $30, lots of chasing going on. Now, I played in 2 tourneys here in one day. Either one, I was absofreakinlutely card dead. Seriously, wtf? Q4, 92, 85, J2, off off off, etc etc... I didn't get any pairs higher than 5. I got a pair of face cards twice. Really weird. Even at the cash game I couldn't get anything going. Then again, what's the complaint when the buy in is so cheap. I wanted to play at Caesar's but, got too drunk to spend more money at their tourney. Oh well, it's cheap.
5	I can't speak highly enough about this place. Our room was comfortable and clean (what else do you really need in a hotel room?), but the best part about this place was the location and service. Because it's so small, the waitresses come around with free drinks very frequently. 3 times more often than at the larger casinos.I experienced a few really friendly poker dealers, a bunch of nice bartenders, and helpful staff at the sports betting area. I couldn't have asked for a better place to stay and gamble.
3	Gloria and I decided to try this place since it's location is close to all the places we like to visit - Paris, Flamingo, O'Shea's (well I like it there), Caesars and others. Our experience was mixed, some very good, some quite bad. The staff is excellent. Bill the bellman was extremely friendly and helpful, especially his stories about when "the boys ran the town and he worked at Stardust"! Food is very good. Service throughout the place is above average.However, the hotel was built in 1975, and the single-pane windows reflect it. Try sleeping with the sound of the strip being heard all night long. Overall, worth a try if you're planning a short trip to Vegas.Next time we'll probably go back to Venetian or the Wynn though.
4	cheap beer on the strip!, get  yourself 2 48oz pitchers of beer for $10, watch the game at the bar, then GTFO. Good times.
4	I love film. One of the genres I love most are old Westerns. This film genre features many great, relatable themes and plot lines. One of the more common ones is where the old grizzled gunslinger is called into duty one last time and shows everyone why he is a legend.In a weird way, when I stepped into Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon in Las Vegas, I felt like I was walking into and starring in a contemporary Western that replaced dim lights with neon flashing ones, old ceiling fans with central air conditioning, women in long ruffled dresses with women in short skin tight dresses, and pints of beer with brightly colored cocktails.I sat quietly at blackjack table. Just like in the old Westerns, my five o'clock shadow was visible and rough enough to make me look five years older, light a match, or exfoliate a woman's face. Instead of sipping on a beer, I was sipping on a Red Bull. Instead of a dark brown cowboy hat covering my eyes, I had moppy light brown hair with (slightly emo) bangs shading them a bit. Instead of brown leather vest, tan button down shirt, Levis jeans and some cowboy boots, I had an olive green military blazer, a Flash t-shirt, slim fit Lucky Brand jeans, and silver Star Wars sneakers. I wasn't much of a cowboy, but more of a "nerdy metrosexual." Or better yet, a "netrosexual."I sat there staring at my awful cards. Lights were flashing everywhere. The smell of smoke filled the room. I heard awful karaoke in the background. I watched the young and old patrons order drinks, smoke cigarettes (or cigars), and smile excitedly when they won a hand. I asked the dealer to "hit me" and I busted. My heart wasn't in the gambling anymore. Maybe my heart was with a little lady back in San Jose. Regardless of the reason, I excused myself from the table when out of nowhere, I felt a hand on my shoulder.It was an old friend from another lifetime. An old cowboy, named Minnesota, I met when he was on a business trip in San Jose many years ago. It was strange to run into him around these parts. With a slight smirk on his face, he looked across at me and asked, "Do you still karaoke, cowboy?"I told him I hadn't sang in ages. Those days were long gone. He smiled and said I was never that good and it's better off that way for me. I kept quiet and my head low. From under my hair I looked at him and warned him to watch his mouth. He walked away laughing with his gang of cowboys (or fraternity brothers). He then made a wisecrack that really tickled my skin, "That emo pansy needs to go up there, sing some Death Cab for Cutie, and put everyone to sleep."I don't like being called emo, but I said nothing. I was about to grab another drink when my business clients encouraged me to get up and enter the song. They said they really wanted to see if I was all that I was cracked up to be. Apparently, my manager told them that when it came to karaoke, I was "legend" back in the day.And like an old grizzled veteran, I walked over and quickly scanned through one of the song books. This place had a great song selection. I found my song, wrote it down, and waited my turn. In the meantime, I ordered another drink from the bar. This joint charges $6 for a Red Bull. Who is running this place and why do they allow rape to happen on the casino floor?Minnesota went up and sang a grunge song. The fella has a quick draw, with good voice and it impressed people. But those grunge songs are like family. They eventually wear out their welcome if they stick around too long. By the end of his long and depressing song, the crowd was ready for it to be over.Eventually, my name was called up the KJ. He was good. He had great energy and kept the crowd going. I walked up, pointed my gun (microphone) at Minnesota, and started to speak the first part of my song:"Alright Las Vegas, I am ready to get up and do my thing. I want to get into it man, you know. Like a, like a sex machine, man. Moving and doin' it, you know. Can I count it off? One, two, three, four!"And then I sang the opening lines:"Get up! Get up!""Stay on the scene! Like a sex machine!"And five minutes later, after the crowd had danced for a full five minutes, I pointed my gun (microphone) at Minnesota and then threw it down. The crowd erupted into a frenzy. I walked over to Minnesota and he sat there wounded. He didn't even know what him."Don't call me emo, partner. That goes for the rest of you fellas."He nodded silently. So did the rest of his posse. I am sure they never will cross that line again.When I am not pretending to star in old Westerns, I can say that this place has a great location, a decent set up, and offers a cool vibe, gambling, and karaoke. I'd definitely consider staying here in the future. Or at the very least, hanging out.Come check it out for yourself, partner.
5	Ive been a huge fan of Bills for many years going to Las Vegas. Formerly the Barbary Coast Casino until Harrah's bought it and named it after Bill Harrah the founder. This is a small casino on the best located corner in all of Las Vegas. Cheap drinks and laid back atmosphere at the tables. Low stakes craps and blackjack.  Small but decent sportsbook to catch a quick game. Great food in what is called the Victorian Cafe now back in the corner. Used to be a Chinese restaurant. They carried over much of the old menu.  I crave the Jumbo Prawns in Lobster sauce. It is usually the first place I go when I get to town. Bills also has a great after hours nightclub called Drais and a quality Steakhouse to round things off. Although I have never stayed in the rooms here, in my opinion, this is the best place in all of Las Vegas.
3	Not a bad place except that they are busy as all get out with the recession bringing more people into lower limit casinos.Has a feel of downtown without having to get a $25 cab.
4	Stayed at Bill's this weekend, Friday through Sunday, and what can I say - we had a blast!  This was my fourth trip to Vegas, but my boyfriend's first, so I wanted us to have the best possible spot that our budget would allow.  This is it.  Located right at the corner of Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd - close neighbors include Paris, Bally's, Bellagio, Caesar's, Flamingo, and Harrah's.  We had a great time at Bill's - really loved the $5 tables which are hard to come by on the strip, and they had a lot of great dealers, very personable.  Even a few single deck games of blackjack - but like most of the strip, Bill's only pays 6-5 for blackjack.  Looks like downtown is the only spot left to get paid 3-2!  And my boyfriend loved the new Rapid Craps which is the same as craps except with electronic betting.$1 Frozen Margaritas$1 Newcastle drafts$3 Dos Equisand more great drink deals (but who's paying for drinks, amiright?)Race and Sports book was cool but not super comfortable for a few hours of watching the game.  Cheap daily poker tournaments!The rooms were no frills but nice and clean, with a partial strip view including the Bellagio fountains!  To be clear, if you are used to Caesar's, Wynn, etc. you will probably be let down.  But personally I'd rather save a few bucks by sleeping in a no frills room.I'm a huge fan of downtown and Bill's gives you that downtown feel but you're on the strip :)  A short walk to O'Shea's too which was fun.  And parking is free for all!Didn't eat here, so I can't comment on the food.I guess that's about it.  Was really looking forward to Big Elvis but it was a holiday weekend so I suppose that's why he wasn't performing.  Oh well... till we meet again Bill's!
1	Horrible steak not even worth  when drunk 5.99
3	Home of the best $1 Margarita on the strip. Then again, I only know of two spots - Casino Royale and Bill's. The Casino Royale Margarita is pre-mixed and comes out of a machine. The one from Bill's is basically a ball of flavored ice with the Sauza shot poured into the cup that you then mix yourself. It feels stronger than Casino Royale's.Also, we came across a pretty lively karaoke scene here. They have it Sunday-Wednesday, 8pm-2am. We noticed it because this one guy was doing a very crowd-pleasing performance of Rapper's Delight. A bunch of people even got up on the stage and started dancing with him. We thought to ourselves, "Who would want to follow that?" Well, there were some talented people in that crowd. We didn't stick around long, but it seemed like a fun night out if you're into that.
4	We gambled a little here, and yes it was all that..There coffee shop was the shit though. They had the prime rib special which  was off the hook for $15 bucks.You get a soup and salad, prime rib and a potato..It was really good and service was really good as well.  Small casino, but would visit again.
4	Ok,.. things to know. Bills is great if you are looking for some less expensive gambling. The tables there were between $3-$5. Thats great, esp for being on the strip. The place is decent not stingy or dirty. But a bit run down,.. and thats to be expected. Im glad to find another place i can gamble at w/o breaking my bank. the dealers were also very friendly, and that makes playing a little more FUN.
3	Blackjack at Bill's FTW!  Yes, it is a little old and jenky.  But they have $5 tables, the dealers are REALLY friendly, and I like that they don't staff their tables so that the cheaper tables are always overflowing and people have to play at the more expensive tables if they don't want to hover for a while.  Whenever I've been here, they staffed all the tables at the pit nearest the door even if the area was relatively empty, so we could stumble in and sit down immediately.Seriously, the dealers are really friendly.The last time I was there, we ate at the Victorian Room.  It's an American diner / Chinese restaurant -- so random!  And it is a full Chinese menu; more than just the (very Americanized) dishes listed on their AYCE menu.  The food was not bad at all.  We got the NY steak and eggs, and the beef chow fun (we embraced the randomness).  The steak was our least favorite -- a little tough and completely unseasoned, but overall was fine.  The hash browns were in fat strips that were nice and crispy on top, and the eggs were as expected.  The beef chow fun was surprisingly edible!  Not the best Chinese food I have ever had, but who would expect it to be?  The rice noodles were fresh with good consistency, and the beef was tender and not overcooked.  I would eat here again.
4	This review is for the hotel only !!!Having been to Vegas dozens of times and even living there in the early 80's I feel as though I can speak from experience. How much time does one spend in their rooms while in Vegas? I don't know about you, but I only sleep, shower and use the bathroom. PERIOD. I have stayed at numerous places on the strip and NEVER went to the pool or gym, so why should I pay the $15 to $20 service charge PER NIGHT that most every other hotel charges. Bill's DOES NOT charge for this ridiculous service.  As for the rooms... as of 2011 they are very clean and spacious with the bathroom on the smaller side but who cares.  I did my due diligence and got room rates of $44.74 on Thursday and Sunday nights with Friday and Sat rates of $89.54 which included taxes and there is NO CHARGES FOR USING A POOL OR GYM.Do you get my point on this stupid charge. I have read numerous Yelp reviews where they have been told of this charge upon checking in.  You WILL NOT find a less expensive, nicer hotel on the strip that is in the middle of all the action AND not have to walk a mile or so from your room, past all the stores and restaurants etc JUST to exit the damn place. At Bills you can get from your room to the street in less than 5 minutes.Please stay somewhere else next time I am in Vegas so I can make sure there is a room available for me when I call. Thanks and buyer beware. Oh, by the way, who the hell wants to pay $200 plus dollars for the same room across the street PLUS get an additional $20 charge for using the exercise bicycle. As PT Barnum said.....
4	It's 4 in the morning?  We've all had a bit to drink?  We're hungry?!  Let's go get some steak and eggs!  The wait is a bit horrible since the restaurant itself is in the back of the casino area and has a small dining area.  Between midnight and 6AM, steak and eggs is 5 bucks.  It's usually like 15 during off hours!  A huge piece of steak with a lot of hashbrowns and eggs cooked to your liking.  For 5 bucks?!  Sign me up!  I can eat this all day, every day!
4	I think this may be the best place on the strip for blackjack. My nephew mentioned this place as being the best and I  agree.   It has the most $5 Blackjack tables of any place I've found on the strip.  They are far and few between.  My three sisters went in together playing one Wheel of Fortune slot machine and managed to pull out $500 off of  one machine the first day we were there.   I probably sunk at least half of that though..so I wasn't so lucky.  Breakfast was good  at their Victorian Cafe. If you go early enough (before 8 am) they have some sort of steak and eggs special for $6.00 or $7.00.  Coffee is not that good though.
4	Bills is great- and the rooms are better than some of the higher priced hotels.It is central on the strip, and the prices are so reasonable!Now if we could just get that money back lost on gambling....
3	Not the nicest place but they have cheap tables and I actually did pretty good here. They have $5, $10, and up blackjack tables ;)
3	So I like Bill's more than O'Shea's and they're really in the same vain: cheap tables, food & drinks trying to cater to the younger, "hipper", crowd that strolls in on weekends from California. Or, not...I've been wrong once before. We didnt spend a ton of time here, but we did hit up a cheap roulette table and broke even so that's a win. Next time we'll spend a lot more time here.
4	You really get MORE than your money's worth.Sure, Bill's isn't the Aria or the Bellagio, but you really have to weigh what you value more: saving money or sleeping in an extremely lavish hotel room? As a poor college student, I definitely always go with the former. AND as a college student who is trying to help you save money and possibly convince you to save your money by going to Bill's, I'm going to write a short list of positives and negatives (so that can spend your life having fun in Vegas instead of reading reviews on Yelp).Positives* Super cheap* On the strip* Centrally located* You don't have to walk hours from when you get into the casino to the elevators to get your hotel rooms* Drai's and steak and eggs is in Bill's* This doesn't really matter, but there's a really nice stained glass functioning window in the shower (so that it doesn't get too musky or humid)Negatives* The beds are a little old* Well, the hotel itself is a little old* The view, by any means, is not impressive* I got a bug bite on my neck, but I can't tell you if that is from the hotel or from being in VegasSo, if you really just want to save money and use your hotel room merely as a place to sleep and shower, Bill's is the place to be. However, if  you are looking for luxury and a spa-like getaway, Bill is not your man to spend Vegas with.
3	When I first moved to Vegas in 1993, when it was named Barbary Coast, my friends and I would come here to play $1 Blackjack and walk around the Strip.....it was perfect for college students on a tight budget.....now, the only reason I'd come here is to go to Drais.  Other than Drais, there's not much going on here.Return Factor - 60%
5	I love Bill's! I stayed here in the summer (I know, took me awhile to review) but it was perfect. The room was clean and large, with a big screen plasma tv. The bed was comfortable. The location was perfect, right in the middle of the strip AND I only paid 35$ a night. The only time I've ever gotten that kind of deal was in Mexico city... The casino is nothing special, but who cares? I don't have to gamble there. I recommend this place to anyone going to Vegas. I'll certainly stay here again next time.
4	Stayed this past weekend and loved it. Parking was fast and easy. The elevator from the parking garage fed right into the hotel. Front desk lady was nice and accommodating. Quick check in. We got there about 1:00 and even though check in is not until 4 we were given a room. She even switched us around so we were closer to our friends room. The room itself was fantastic! The beds were comfy, the room was spacious and the bathroom! SO CUTE!! The tile shower felt like we were right at home and we had a stained glass window in the shower. I LOVE showering with the window open and this was a great treat. The room was very clean and comfortable. The gambling was the best in Vegas. I did not win anywhere BUT here. The slots seemed much loser than anywhere else. Everyone was super fantastic as well. The players club card did not seem like a great deal though. No free slot play for signing up. The only thing we got was if you earned $5 in comps in 72 hours you got a free Tshirt. That is pretty steep! The after hours night club started at 1:00 and had a $20 cover. Pretty steep! I didn't go in but two friends did and they had a blast. No, this is NOT a high end hotel by any means. In fact, it is probably the cheapest, smallest, LEAST high end hotel on the strip. It had a kinda "Colorado Belle" in Laughin feel to it. Defiantly not for you if you are looking for the glamor of Las Vegas. But if you are going with some friends to hang out, gamble and have a good time, this is your place! Iknow I will be staying here again! See ya soon Bill's!
5	This may be my favorite place on the whole strip. $5 tables, $1 margaritas and Newcastles, and a great atmosphere. I don't think I'd ever actually stay at this hotel, though. I stayed next door at Bally's and it sure beats their bo-ring oldtimer casino (no offense to oldies).
2	PRO:-Cheap steak & eggs.It was pretty good...but then again it was 4am and we were hungry...CONS:-Small and crowded and smoky-not a lot of table games-pretty "ghetto" for lack of a better word. I felt like I might get shot here-guys trying to "holler" and if you ignore them, they can get rude
3	People didn't dress for the cowboy theme here, but I did see a lot of old guys in stripes mixed with plaids and dark socks with sandals. I assumed they just came from a Vogue photo shoot, or not. I like that this place is small and has low limit tables. I don't like that even though they're in the Harrahs group they don't accept the Harrahs card  and insist you get theirs to play on. I like to get my points on a central card and maximize the rewards.They do have a Karoke bar and Elvis does sing there. I wanted to buy him a donut, but couldn't get close enough. Drinks were plentiful and well made - they will bring your martini to the table. I give them points for that.
4	Stayed from March 10 thru 14th.    PROS ---  From the time the taxi pulled to the curb to drop us off till the time we laid our bags on the bed in our room took MAYBE 10 minutes. My brother was staying across the street at Ballys and it took him over 45 minutes till he got to his room. The elevator to get to your rooms is literally 15 feet from the entrance. We walked over to brothers room and after walking thru this corridor and that corridor, we said we will NEVER stay anywhere else in Vegas except Bills.  I am not sure was High Horse everyone elses standards are, but I have stayed at the Bellagio, Caesars etc but when I paid $286 for 4 nights at Bills (including Sat. & Sun) and it would have cost that much for one night at many other overpriced places, I can do without a few amenities. Also, Bill's has no pool, so you are not charged the additional fees for having the ability to use the pool. If that is what you want, stay at Bill's.... save the service charge and use the next door pool at the Flamingo.  Who lays around a pool when in Vegas anyways ???  The room was spotless, a little on the small size.....But who lays around their hotel room in Vegas ???  Get my point !!!Cons - The ONLY con is the street noise. I was at the very front with a view of the entire fountain show at the Bellagio. From this end of the hotel the noise is loud from sirens, beeping etc.   After reading reviews here, we packed a small fan that can sit on the table next to the bed and can drown out all the noise from the street. NEVER woke once in 4 nights. If you are a light sleeper, ask at check-in to have a room with ODD numbers ( away from street ) and ask fro a room at the rear of the hotel and you will not hear the noise.The caisno is small, crowded, smokey and they play that shit rap music way too loud near the black jack tables.Going back in Oct. and will be staying at Bills again. This time towards the rear. Who goes to Vegas to look at the Bellagio fountains from their hotel room ???
5	This is a 5-star value.  2 of us got rooms here for about $41 including tax.2 of us stayed at the Bellagio where the TAX ALONE was about $41.Here's what's great about this place:Clean large rooms with a large bathroom & shower.  Huge flatscreen.When you walk in, the front desk is RIGHT THERE as is the hotel elevator.The staff was friendly.  The coffee shop makes a real espresso.You are right on the corner to go to the Bellagio.Cons:  Rooms on the street side can have a lot of traffic noise.I didn't eat here or even have a cocktail.
5	For the price, it was amazing. We had some plumbing issues, but they switched out our room and all was well. I strongly recommend it.
3	This is a legitimate treat. It's the way Vegas is supposed to be. You're supposed to come out to some random place out in the desert, take a quick pit stop, drink a bit, gamble a bit, and then go back on your own way. I like this place because it's so much more down to earth compared to the rest of the "new" Vegas has become. If you like it old school and you're in the business of having fun, don't hesitate to give this place a shot.
5	After reading all the great reviews here and on Tripadvisor, I decided to take a chance. $50-$60 per night between xmas and new years. I like the smallness of the casino... no more wandering lost to find the right elevator to the right tower. The service was friendly, too. When we checked in late, there were not non-smoking rooms available. Front desk automatically upgraded us. The room was amazing, and not too smoky. Best location for the price in Vegas.
5	Yes!  Cheers to Bills Gamblin' Hall and Saloon for being the most unpretentious place on the strip!  Bills is the only place on Las Vegas Blvd where you can reliably get cheap drinks 24 hours a day.  Stop in here for $2.00 frozen margaritas and $7.00 pitchers.  Oh you can also gamble a bit here too.  I hopped on the craps table and found that crowd to be fun and rowdy and the dealers to be friendly.  Overall an awesome place and worth the visit.
4	Among the last of a dying breed on the Strip. Bill's is a great choice for people who want to be on the Strip but want to pay Downtown-ish prices. I only stayed here once and that was about five years ago, but the rooms were decent. I haven't tried the food here, but the drinks are reasonable for the Strip. You cannot beat the location; it's at the heart of the Strip and basically next door to two monorail stops. Where Bill's really shines, however, is on the casino floor. Yeah, it's gritty (even a bit dirty) and the crowd can be sketchy, but I've never encountered a friendlier or cheaper blackjack table on the Strip. If gambling for fun on the cheap is your thing, you can't do better without venturing Downtown. The raucous and frequently hilarious karaoke is merely a bonus.
4	I loved my stay at Bill's.Hard to believe what I paid for 3 nights,what a deal!Right smack in the center of the strip you could not ask for a better location.If you choose to go to Vegas on a budget this is the place to stay.My room view looked out to the west side of the strip facing Ballys great view.A little smokey in the casino area even when just passing thru.I hope Bill's stays as part of the strip and doesn't get leveled to build another expensive hotel!
4	Like many properties I've never had the opportunity to actually stay at Bill's so this review is based on everything other than the rooms division.Bill's is not for everyone, but if you're with me then it's for you...and vice versa. This place packs more value, and bang for your buck than a Groupon clearance sale.Central location featuring:Best $1 margaritas in town$5 Pitchers$1 New Castles (ONLY at the back bar by the poker room)$30 buy in Poker Tourneys (With friendly dealers helpful to beginners)A surprisingly decent steakhouse featuring the 15.99 Prime Rib dinner served 24 hours a day.Some of the best On-Strip Karaoke& The ONLY place you can play Rapid Craps (don't ask..if you play just go play and see it for yourself.)Although It's got the cheap $2 hot dogs cart in the back by the poker room they are hurting from the absence of an actual food court, which will typically drive me out in search of some noshing after too many $1 drinks.But other than that this place top to bottom is one hell of a saloon.
4	I was in town for 4 days for a hockey tournament and did some research before I booked a room and I wasn't disappointed by what I read and actually experienced... This location was PERFECT! the price was the best on the strip and it was perfectly clean. A friendly staff, a nice little casino and restaurant. I must say I don't know what else one could ask for?
5	$100.68 for 3 nights using a Las Vegas promo code...how could I lose unless the place was a total dump...and it wasn't.  The room I got was on 4th floor, clean and nice...and, for that price, I almost fainted it was so unbelievable.  I am definitely returning here!!!This has to be Vegas' best kept secret!  So, 5 stars for the price alone.Now let me mention that every single person I dealt with here from the front desk, to bellman to gift shop personnel were just SOOOOO nice.  The staff here is wonderful, and nicer than the more upscale places to stay from what I saw.  It was really pleasant there!The slots didn't pay me anything, but my son's girlfriend won $170 on a 25 cent machine.  I plowed in tons of money and won zip.  Oh well...Price, cleanliness, great staff deserves 5 stars.  It ain't the Ritz but it did the job!Oh, and the steak and egg deal for $5.99 went up to $8.99 a week ago or so from this review (5/21/11).  I'll bet the rooms start going up soon, too....crapola!
4	I'm a big fan of Bill's steakhouse.  Go there for the quintessential Las Vegas prime rib.  The steakhouse is in a separate room from the casino and features a very quiet atmosphere where the large, red chairs are highlighted by dim lights and candles.  It is a surprisingly charming little spot to get some good meat and potatoes to fuel your gambling and drinking.  Since it is a smaller casino, table games have some low minimums like $5 craps and blackjack which means you'll bleed your wallet dry much more slowly.  On my recent trip, Bills was the only place were I actually made money instead of losing it.  So that is mostly why I have a favorable impression of the place.
4	Haven't really been here. Just went once and they had $2 strawberry daquiris they were bomb!
4	Small casino, but i always seem to get lucky here...Always packed, always loud, right in the center of the strip.Test your luck here, if you don't win there's alot of other options close by.Park in this structure for free and walk to the close casinos.Minimums are usually always low here at $5.Place always has great steak and egg specials.
3	this place is ok. 2 dollar coors and 1 8-10 oz  margaritas in the back of the place pretty cool...  cant beat that.... pre funk here or a good meeting place ... pretty central
5	Value is the main word here when describing Bill's and that's not a bad thing to say at all!Parking is easily accessible here and the location is central to most of the popular spots on the strip. I would say the atmosphere is very relaxed and not too pretentious compared to other casinos. With the minimums lower here for the games it's not hard to see why that is. They also offer $2 margaritas which is such a steal, it's tiny but strong enough to get the job done.
4	So Bill's is old, kind of dingy and there is no short of creepy looking gamblers/pimps/hoes roaming around the casino...but I still have a special place in my heart for it. Just because Bill's isn't the Bellagio or Palms, that does not mean it is not awesome. I kareoke'd my heart out to Blondie, hit up their late night club down below, Drai's, and played roulette until 7am. Nothing says Vegas like walking out of a casino at 7am to go to bed. Amen.
1	After reading a few positive reviews online about this place (used to be the Barbary Coast), my friends and I have decided to give it a try.  Why would anybody spend over $50 per night on a room just for the purpose of sleeping?  Come on, it's Vegas, and people don't really sleep anyways.  Due to the limited occupancy in this hotel, there is never a line at the check-in.  Although the hotel is small, old, and smelly, it has enough gaming tables/slots and a few restaurants/shops here and there, and it even has a Western Union.  Originally, we booked a standard room with two queen beds.  But my friend got talked into paying almost double for a suite.  I have to tell you, the suite is actually pretty nice.  But only for the three of us, it's kind of excessive.  After a whole afternoon of gambling, sightseeing, and eating at the Buffet of Buffets (see my review at:  http://ow.ly/5mbQA), when we got back to our suite, we found a cockroach lying on the carpet in front of the bedroom.  Right away, we called the front desk and requested them to send someone up to check it out immediately.  They said they'll send an engineer.  An engineer?  We waited for over 20 minutes, and finally Steve the Engineer showed up.  Without any hesitation, he used a cloth to gobble up the poor roach as soon as we pointed to him.  Further to our dismay, we found a full pack of smoke underneath the sofa in the same suite.  Afterwards, we went downstairs and told the front desk that we did not feel comfortable and safe to stay at the same suite again.  They said the suites were full, but they'll switch us to a standard room.  We're asked if they'll comp us for the room, but they said we need to talk to the manager in the morning.  Despite the roach problem, the value of this hotel is decent, the suite is nice, but that's about everything that's good in this hotel.  We will definitely not come back to this hotel, mainly because this hotel is very old, cannot draw crowds, and not very sanitized.
4	If you are wanting to stay on the strip and save a little bit of money, this is your hotel. I had room 110 which faced the strip and Bellagio fountain. It was nice. Unlike most hotels in Vegas, this one is easy to get in and out of, which if you are like me, saves tons of time and hassle. Since they don't have a pool, you are able to go to the Flamingo and party in their pool. When I was there it was like a scene from a movie, lots of twenty somethings and everyone enjoying themselves. The DJ played some great pop/dance music mixes, I loved it. There are even shaded spots for pasty white people like myself. *A little trick: wake up early, grab a towel, and possibly some other kind of place holding thing (magazine, etc.) and go to breakfast. Your place will most likely still be there as people seem to respect your claim. I am not a gambler, so I have no opinion about the casino, except that it was often packed with people losing their money, ha ha. WiFi was usually sponged off of some random hotspot, and was not consistent. It looked like there was an ethernet hookup but I usually ignore those as they are often extra costs.Drink specials are not too bad, I think it was $2 margaritas and I think some beer discounts too. Oh, and free parking which is nice if you have a rental and lots of luggage. There is a discount Tix store which might come in handy if you are a deal seeker.Overall, while it shows its age and isn't "the" place to be seen, it's a great location, the price is right, and has friendly staff. Give it a try.
4	Bill's is great! Is it fancy? No, it absolutely is not. But it gets the job done and it's a fun place to hang out. It's a great location in the center of the Strip, and I'd absolutely stay again. My only complaint is that in the first room we were sent to (#155), the carpet absolutely needs to be replaced. It was disgusting; stained and crusty and just really gross. However, after being moved to another room (#140), we were very happy with the cleanliness and were quite comfortable. Bill's is a great bargain!
4	I only stayed at Bill's for one night on my way to Zion national park, but I'd never been to Vegas before and wanted to spend a night on the strip if I had to sleep over here.  Bill's was perfect, cheap, clean (though not everyone's experience my room was clean and nice), and even though the casino was nothin' fancy, it was fun and another nice patron taught me to play craps.  Oh, and free, super easy parking.  Perfectly fit my bill, if you want to stay somewhere cheap and nice enough on the strip, this is the place for you.  I also have to say the name got me right away, LOVE IT!
5	Steak and eggs!!  Love it.... So inexpensive and delish. Devoured the whole thing last time. I plan to go here every time I go to vegas!I've never been here when there's a line, so I don't know how bad it is.
4	I love this little Casino.This is not one of those fancy casinos where you go for the glist and glamour. You go here because you want fun, cheap gambling and maybe to listen to some really bad, but hugely entertaining kareoke.This casino is located on the strip right next to the Flamingo and across from Ceasars. The best table game to play here is Switch Blackjack. Its a $5 minimum and with the ability to switch cards, you can't walk away without winning. Everytime I am in Vegas I make it a point to get to Bill's and get my blackjack on. The cocktail waitresses make rounds almost every 5 minutes so you are never left wanting for a drink. The dealers are friendly and fun.I can't wait until next time.
3	dingy.....small....and absolutely perfect if you want to get a bit of a break from the shiny and sometimes obnoxious Vegas that makes you roll your eyes because it's just so darn "Vegas". It's cheap drinks..cheap gambling....cheap peeps and even cheaper servers but who cares? I've always had a blast at Bill's...so much that I lovingly call it "Bucky's" after one too many fun nights here. Bring some hand sanitizer and get your tetanus shot! It's time to bring the party to Bill's!
4	Honestly I like Bill's gambling hall. It's like other people have said, it's not the pretentious bull***t that you get at the bigger casinos with $25 minimums and idiot club promoters hawking everybody. At Bill's you get the down to earth, "baller on a budget" kind of people wearing blue jeans and ball caps and having the time of their lives for $100-200 instead of the ridiculous amounts of money people waste at the bigger casinos and clubs. We played a little roullette on a saturday night, I put $40 down and walked away with $80 and a free cocktail after about 30 minutes of play. Me and my buddies had a really good time. I think a lot of the reason is because we are all from the midwest.  I've lived here for over 5 years and am tired of the big vegas scene and the overwhelming population of D-bag promoters and big spenders. Bill's is my kind of place!4 nice stars
3	I'm betting Bill's isn't long for this world - considering it's prime location and rapidly advancing age. But I kinda dig a little bit of history, smack dab in the middle of the strip.I found Dirty Dancing slot machines here ... so that in and of itself was a selling point.Everything's cheap at this place - another selling point. Definitely a departure from the rest of the strip, but worth a visit. Oh - they also have one of those last minute ticket outlets on site. Got a great deal there.
2	This review is for the Casino only. Came here late night for some cheap gamblings. It is in a great location right on the corner so the access was easy. The smoke smell is strong and the servers slow. I realize it's cheap gambling, but O'Sheas is way better!There is a poker room and on a Saturday night had 3 tables going, with a minimum $40 to $200 buy in. The other tables were packed and there is even a section of tables where there are go-go dancers dancing for you (they are horrible by the way).This place also features electronic Craps. You make your bets on a screen, but there are real dice with real rollers, a great way to learn. Drais after hours club is also here, so once that gets going, the line for the club stretches into the casino and makes it even more crowded in that area. In a pinch, it gets the job done.
3	I knew about this casino but never stopped in until the other night.  Basically we had been walking on the strip for a while and we passed in front of Bill's Saloon.  The strong wind of the cold A/C felt great so we went in for a drink and to play slots for a little while.  Pretty much a very casual borderline dive casino.  A good change-up from the typical casino vibe.  We played slots for over an hour and ended up breaking even so that was cool.Live band was pretty good.  Usual great rock hits (G-n-R, Metallica, Chicago, Steve Miller Band, etc).
4	Played here for the first time ever this past trip to Vegas.  I've always just walked right past this place, sandwiched between the Imperial Palace and Flamingo, it's a really small place.I played roulette here for about 4 hours and came out about $200 bucks ahead, so I can't complain.  Tossed another 60 into some slots on the way out and made out about 30 bucks over.Always more fun when you win!
4	HOTEL ROOM:  You tell me where, in the very middle of the strip, you can get a room on a Friday night in the middle of summer for $90!  Bill's,that's where!  We came into Vegas for a one-nighter to meet up with some friends who were at the Mandalay for 3x that price and far, far away from the action.  All we needed was a clean and comfortable bed (check) and a clean bathroom with decent water pressure and a nice shower head (check).   It's old, yes that's true.  It's a bit dingy, yes that's true (beware of the really gross elevators), but it's truly right smack in the middle of the strip within walking distance to everything and the bed & bathroom are fine.  We even had a view of the Bellagio fountains - pretty cool!  We weren't in our room except to sleep so why pay more?  Oh I almost forgot, the A/C is a wall unit under the window and ours was REALLY loud, but we are hard sleepers so it didn't bother us.  Maybe it was just our room's A/C, but you might want to ask about that.    They let us check in at 1:00, even though check in is at 4:00.  Room was pretty good sized.  Nice flat screen TV.  Bathroom is small, but clean.POOL:  Bill's doesn't have one of its own, but you are given full access to the Flamingo's pool next door.  Warning --- the pool is an ADULT pool!  We went there at 1:30pm on a Friday it was was completely packed with 20-30 something's lookin' for some action with very loud DJ music.  NOT kid oriented, so beware.  The four of us, with an avg age of 40, felt too told to be there so we quickly left - well there was no room anyway.  BAR:  Holy crap!  A draft beer was only $2?!  Nice!  Where can you find that in the middle of the strip?I hear the gaming tables are reasonably priced too.  We'll stay at Bill's again the next time we need a weekend room.
5	This is my favorite place to gamble on the strip.I am a budget Vegas-ite and enjoy being around folk who are not trying to impress me with their overpriced clothing.  For me, Bill's is an island oasis in center strip.Casual gambling that has $5 and $10 tables aplenty, plenty of servers who are liberal with their rounds, relaxed dealers, and a casual atmosphere.WELCOME TO WILD BILL'S WILD CASINO AND SALOOOOON!
4	At first I was a little nervous about staying at a place with "Gamblin Hall & Saloon" in the title. My prior trips to Vegas included stays at the Excalibur, MGM, and Luxor.I was very impressed by Bill's from the moment we stepped in. One of the perks of staying at a smaller hotel like Bills is not having to wait too long to check in and being able to get up to your room quickly. The front desk staff was very friendly and gave us a coupon book. The rooms were clean and comfortable. I would have to stay that they are a bit larger that the standard sized hotel rooms. There was a small table for sitting and a full length mirror. I also liked that there was a desk area with a large mirror. It was also nice to have a window in the bathroom that could be opened. Another perk was the 40 in flatscreen (standard in all rooms).The location was awesome because it's right next to Cesar's Palace and the Flamingo (on the monorail stop). The Flamingo Hotel allows full access to Bill's guests (pool, gym, etc.). We just walked over and the pool was very cool because it had a waterfall, lagoon pool, and WATERSLIDES!! I highly recommend this hotel for it's convenience and value. I don't think we had to pay a resort fee so that's another incentive.
4	** I have never stayed in a room at Bills, so this is a review of the casino area only. ** I love it here! I love the decoration, the atmosphere, and the fact that it's not a casino I can literally get lost in. It's got that old-timey decoration going on without seeming dated or actually old-timey. It's laid back during the day and busy at night without seeming overly-crowded or too loud. It's not pretentiously fancy but it's not a slum. It's exactly what I want out of a casino experience.
4	** I did not stay at this hotel, but this review is for the Casino part only. **Great atmosphere, you can find good $ amounts for the table games. Many $5 or $10 tables.  I was really thristy since it was over 100 degrees outside.  The bar made me an Iced Tea ....  which I was very appreciative of.  Very casual atmosphere and they played great music in the background. Prime location for a casino.  Definitely a place to hit while casino hopping!
4	i didnt stay at the hotel so this review is for the casino we signed up for the players card which gives you $5 so we spent that at the bar ;) they have $2 small but STRONG margaritas and $7 pitchers. they have some guy who performs there, i wish i could remember his name. hes there on certain days of the week and is a blast to watch!! we sat watching him for at least 3 hours. then we did karaoke which was also fun! definitely stop by and check it out!
4	When I first arrived in Vegas to spend my first night in Bill's I mainly just wanted somewhere cheap with a bed. At $34.95 a night Bill's was a tough value to beat.My cab arrived at Bill's and as I looked around and arrived in the casino doors my first thoughts were "oh man this is going to suck". Mainly because I've been used to the grand lobbies of other hotels (Flamingo, Aria, Harrahs, MGM, etc)Bill's however ended up being one of my new favorite spots.Hotel:For the price (usually less than $55 a night) you can't beat the value. My room was spacious, had a flat screen TV and a large bed which was decently comfortable. The decor is more old fashioned than modern but for Vegas who really cares right?The staff was friendly and check-in/check-out was fast.The only downside to the hotel was the morning of checkout I didn't have any hot water, for me it was a minor cost to bear but if it happened more than one day I could see how it could be frustrating.Casino:We had a blast at Bill's, probably more fun than any other Casino on the strip.1) Dealers are friendly, willing to help you learn the games if you don't know it. You can share and talk about cards in games like Let it Ride, where as places like TI will tell you you can't anywhere on the strip 2) Service for drinks is fast, we easily got buzzed here, our waitress Bridgette brought drinks all night, in fact the only downside was she did so without us ordering so after a while we could barely handle them anymore haha.Overall:Bill's doesn't have the flash of other hotels but you can have a great time here and it's definitely worth checking out.
4	Stayed here a couple times now and have no complaints!! Right in the heart of LV and very reasonable priced!!! The renovation a few years back really helped this place, flat screen TV, nice beds, and decent size!!!
1	Worst experience I have ever had in vegas by far. Got to our room and it is not what i had reserved. Instead they gave us two small beds when i reserved a king. Went down to ask for the king bed like i reserved but was not taken serious and told there was nothing they could do. Asked to talk to a manager and there was no one there til the next day. Receptionist was rude and rolled her eyes when we asked to talk to someone. They called a pit boss to help but all he gave was a phone number to a manager. I called, left messages, but no one would even listen to me. Awful customer service and i had to squeeze into that uncomfortable small bed for the night.
4	Drai's + strong drinks + dealers who are nice in that don't-f-with-me-and-I-won't-hit-you-with-the-butt-of-my-shotgun kind of way = 4 stars for Bill's.Sometimes you just need to keep it real in Vegas.
4	the only thing i really want to comment about this place is the restaurant. what first hooked us to even go there was the well sought out "steak and eggs". their advertisements of a fully loaded meal was only $7, so you can't go wrong with that. the place had a very old western type of feel compared to the standard flashy, brightness of other hotel and casinos on the strip. you can see it as an oldie, yet a goodie because the foundation is still standing. regards to the food, i got the prime rib with mash potatoes and eggs. it was really scrumptious. regards to the wait, it's not long for seating but for receiving the food it takes awhile. but regardless of that i because a fan because of the waitress who helped us. SEBRINA!!!!! sebrina was the best waitress i ever had in my life. she was great at serving, super hilarious, extremely sweet, and all around interesting. she made my experience there worth so much. we loved her so much that we took pictures with her and she gave each one of us the biggest huge ever. after once meal she became one of the family and i will be going there again only with the request of SEBRINA.
4	A GEM!  A small hotel sandwiched by Flamingo and Bally's, smack-dab in the middle of the strip.  Stayed here because it was the cheapest we could find for the location...what a great decision.  You probably have that one random person in your group of friends that has heard of Bill's, and that person always loves it.  Bill's is known for cheap gambling. GOOD stuff:-LOCATION.  You could not ask for a better, spot, literally on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Flamingo.  -NO LONG WALKS.  Because the hotel is small, it takes like 3 minutes to walk from your room to outside the casino on the strip.  This is a huge deal...ladies in heels, you know what I'm talking about.  When you're drunk and in heels, every step counts!-POOL.  Free access to the pool at Flamingo!-FOOD.  Famous $6.99 steak and eggs special, only at night though-ROOMS.  Nice clean rooms with big flat-screen TVs-STAFF.  Great staff overall...very real and friendly-SHOW TICKETS.  Tix 4 Tonight, the best place to get half-off show tickets, has a location right in Bill's lobby, and for those of you who know what this is, you know how long and painful that line can get, so you have a nice opportunity to get there early.-BIG ELVIS.  I didn't see him personally, but apparantly Big Elvis is a big hit here!-ATMOSPHERE.  Nice laid-back atmosphere...it's really refreshing.  With all the glitz and glam of the strip, sometimes you just want to sit down in the casino in your PJ's and gamble, without feeling too judged. NOT-SO-GOOD stuff:-I called room service for a couple of extra pillows and they said there were literally NO PILLOWS which just doesn't sound right to me.-The rooms and hallways had a very slight but noticeable ODOR...I have a sensitive nose, so maybe it's not too bad to others, but I can best describe it as a mix between a fart and an Egg McMuffin from McDonalds.If you like the atmosphere of Downtown but want to stay in the middle of the strip, THIS is your spot.
5	Staying at Bill's while we attended the Trivia Championships of North America was a good decision - affordable, serviceable, and well located. We took the monorail to the MGM each day for the tournament, and that worked out well.The last day we had some time to burn before our flight, so we chilled in the bar watching a baseball game. If you like chill, Bill's will work for you.
5	This is strictly for the restaurant in their gamblin' hall & saloon.Two of my girlfriends and I came here after a cray cray night at Marquee and we were hungry for steak and eggs at a unbeatable price of $6.99!!!We were all kinda drunk and kinda tired so we ordered 2 entrees of steak and eggs. It surprised us that it came with potatoes and toast as well so the 2 meals turned into a huge ass feast!After I puked in the empty basket that had the sliced toast, my friends and I dug into the steak, eggs, potatoes and toast. We definitely had leftovers and packed it away. Total came out to be ~$15 but we only had about $18 so we paid everything we had and left the cashier to keep the change.Great drunk food and leftovers for next day food :)
4	Bills gambling hall is legit!! The cheapest place right in the middle of the strip. At first your like bills? The hell is that? It aint no venetian but it well worth your money besides your in vegas all you really need is a somewhere to sleep/smash.real talk. And at night this place is the spot to be. If your ShiZ don't stank then check your self in across the street to cesars palace baby. Pros:Location,price,rooms were very clean, nice flat screen tv, ac colder than ice,shower pressure is ok. No bed bugs.Baller on a budget friendlyCons: remodel and it's a 5 star
1	Long story short: smoke, smoke, and more smoke.  Everything is falling apart.  Hard looking employees.  Timeshare people as soon as you walk in.  Nothing to see except for some tables and slots.Unless you want to play $5 Blackjack (which my friend from Chicagoland wanted to play), then save yourself the hassle and don't bother.
5	Hell yes.So my boyfriend and I like to go to Vegas somewhat regularly because, well, it is awesome and only a short six hour drive away. We don't like to spend too much on hotel rooms, though, because, well, we're not in them very often. In the past we have stayed at Bally's and Harrah's and enjoyed each quite a bit. In looking at hotel rates for this trip, the rates for those two hotels were quite jacked up for some reason, so it was time to look elsewhere. I saw on a website that the rates for Bill's were quite cheap. "Bill's? That dumpy place next to Bally's with Fat Elvis? No way."But I did some research just to make sure, and the Internets informed that it was, in fact, not dumpy. The Bally's and Harrah's folks had purchased it and remodeled it some years back. I decided to book us a room there, hoping it wouldn't suck.You guys, it was awesome. We walked in, and it took maybe 30 seconds to walk to the front desk (cuz it was ALL THE WAY on the other side). Without a wait we were checked into our room. We walked the five steps to the elevator, got off at our floor, and walked about three steps to our room. When does that ever happen at a Vegas casino? Well, it happens at Bill's.We walked into our room. It was big and nice looking, with a huge flat screen on the wall. It seemed very similar to the rooms at Bally's and Harrah's (which we love). But it had its own feel, especially in the bathroom where there were cool old timey lights and a stained glass window. In the main room, our view was the best we'd had in a room. We had a nice view of the Bellagio fountains even! And most unexpectedly: the bed was super comfortable! I felt so good every morning when I got up. It was amazing. Bill's FTW.
4	on our last visit to vegas, my cousin and i decided to hit up all the run-down, not-so-fancy casinos.  bill's gamblin hall fit the bill.first night there it was a blast.  we both "hit it big" on penny slots. (haha)and she had great luck at the roulette table.  at one point the dealer told me to copy her instead of playing my *loser* numbers, but stubborn me i didn't listen.the crowd seemed very laid back and down-to-earth.  my nerdy self felt comfortable there, like one of the crowdi don't think i would stay there, though.  a couple of times the elevator smelled like weed. (not good for the little ones-- but then again, maybe i should stop taking the kids to vegas ^^)the next night we drove to bill's (big mistake)  it's really hard to get out of the parking lot on a busy saturday night.  the nightclub had a gazillion people waiting to be picked up in taxis, etc.  the driveway out of the parking lot was blocked with people and cars. it was a mess. i will probably go back again next time.  :)
4	Rooms are nice, great decor. Walls kind of thin. Wasn't a fan of hearing "Housekeeping!" every morning at 9 AM!!!! The door didn't have  a safety latch at the top so we were always wondering if housekeeping was going to come in--even though we put the "do not disturb" sign out.  Being on the strip was great. The casino is small enough to navigate through. Everything is accessible. the live bands were pretty good; especially "Big Elvis"--nice act. Ate dinner at Victorian Cafe. Nice Prime Rib meal for only $13.99. Very much worth it. Would I stay there again? Yes! the rates are good and the location is great; plus they will comp you passes to the Flamingo Pool (next door) and that was really nice.
3	Review for casino only.Every time I come into this place, it's a gigantic party. I think it's because of the central location, cheap/free alcohol, and cheap table limits. Or maybe it's because it's always 2am when I roll in here.It's a great place to hit up later once you've had some drinks and you're ready for a party. I've seen some drunk people sing karaoke, but this place had people that could barely stand singing all kinds of random songs. The people watching, especially late-night, is top notch here.Definitely add this place to your Las Vegas casino crawl.
3	I was here on the Sunday prior to Halloween, and it was all right. I actually came up on $25 here after playing for 2 hours at the Blackjack tables, so I would call it a good night (especially in Vegas).Bottomline: I only went to the Casino, and it's just like any place in Vegas. Cigarette smoke and alcohol were the dominant themes.
4	We stayed here in July when we eloped to Vegas.  We had researched a bit looking for an inexpensive strip hotel for a 4 day stay starting July 5th.  All the discount sites listed the place at the same price as the hotel direct.  So I called the hotel to book with them.  The reservation staff actually told me I would do better if I booked through their site and were so extremely helpful.  When we booked it ended up being 10 dollars cheaper than the listed price anywhere.  So we ended up at a hotel on the strip for under $30 a night!I did read the reviews and was looking forward to seeing what we would end up with.  Know what?  We have a found a hidden gem on the strip (and in the middle of the strip no less!)  The property is part of the Harrah's chain.  It is located right next door to the Flamingo and as a guest of Bill's hotel, you can use the Flamingo's pools.  The pools are wonderful and cooling, but a word of caution; they close early!  In the middle of July the pool shut down by 5, even with the sun shining and it being so hot.The hotel parking is free and is accessed by a very winding parking ramp.  I saw more cars with Nevada plates on them then anything else. To me, if you see locals at a place it cannot be too bad. . To get into the hotel, you take the elevator down to the lobby.  The casino is smaller than many on the strip, so when you step of the garage elevators you are right near the small check in desk.  I can see that perhaps that can get busy as the check in desk shares a space right next to where you go to one of the hotel's restaurants.  The bell boy desk also shares this same space.. In order to get to the rooms, you take a separate bank of elevators, which is an interesting set up and can be a tad difficult to negotiate when you are loaded down with luggage. Upon check-in we mentioned we were there to be married and the nice gal at the front desk put us into a partial view room.   She apologized that she couldn't do the suite as it was booked up.  She did also have a small fridge put into our room at no cost..  So up we go to our room and found their "partial view" was fantastic!  We has an incredible view of a good portion of Ballagio Fountain show each night and could see all the way down the strip.  It was really breathtaking!  The bathroom had a stained glass window with a rose the did open to the small balcony that was not accessible.  The bed was a large king and the TV was a flat screen.  True to her word, a decent sized mini fridge was also in the room.  After the 5 hour drive, the room was a haven!  This is a older hotel, but well maintained and clean.   It definitely is not flashy and glittery as many hotels on the strip are, but we like that it is quiet and undervalued.  We made a it a home base for the week and it was perfect for that. We could leave the car and within a short walk could hit several major casinos, including  one of our favored spots, the Casino Royal where Margaritas or bottles of beer were 2 bucks (and for joining their club it was 2 for the price of 1 with coupons)  Bill's casino is smaller that most on the strip hotels were, but we had fun there.  By joining the club they give you 10 comp dollars (these are normally only earned by playing) which we used to have drinks at the bar.  The hotel does have a fantastic after hours club, but we didn't take time for it.  When we go back we will be staying here again, as we loved it, and the price is right.. Oh and on a side note, the best pizza in town can be had at  Metro Pizza in the off strip Ellis Island casino that was down the way from Bills. Great Pies and they do have a couple of nights with two for one pricing on whole pies.
3	I wondered in here the other night looking for a low limit craps table and found one right away despite how busy the casino was. There was a country singer in the bar for the rodeo and crowd. It was loud and smoky and downtown like but it is right in the middle of the strip and real easy to get in and out of. The crowd was fun and laid back and the cocktail waitresses were some of the most present I've seen in a while. Right there when your beer went empty.It was little hard to hear the dealers but it didn't bother me. All in all an good time and I will go there again.
5	Come on, for what this place is, it is the tops!A cheap old gambling place where you get a fun night at a fraction of the cost of the big flashy casinos!The dealers are super friendly and funny and the people watching is awesome!The drinks don't come around as often as you would like...but really it was an awesome night!If you stay here you can still use the gym and pool over at the Flamingo and you are right on the strip. Walking distance to everything! It is the only casino that we visited where you can actually see a bug on the table...A really funny moment in the evening.Oh, and they have 5$ tables.
4	Karaoke, a house band that knows one David Allen Coe song, groupies for over-the-hill bassists, and Grandpa asleep in a chair... what else could you want in a place?I've been here several times during multiple Vegas trips; it's always good for some entertainment.   I highly recommend it.  I didn't gamble here, but the tables seem to have low minimums.  Always got beer in a bottle, so can't speak to mix drinks either.  I am so useless.
5	Bill's is my favorite place on the strip. I love the "old Vegas" feel of the place. The service is excellent and they have the best craps tables that I've played in Vegas.  Also everything is very reasonably priced. From a previous stay, the rooms are great too.
4	This is a fun place to gamble in Vegas.  It's not overly pretentious like most of the casinos.  Lots of dark wood and friendly dealers eager to take your money :).  I've never stayed here and I'm not sure I would but I will definitely hit up the card tables again!
4	This is the closest to the Fremont Street experience you'll find on the strip. Table limits are low, dealers are real cool. The place reeks like smoke and booze, but hell, it is Vegas isn't it? Can't miss the cheap margaritas. Be sure to tip and you'll get a shot of tequila on top of the premixed margarita. This is the only place I've found $5 let it ride on the strip. Come here with $100, play the tables for hours and drink like a fish.
4	Now this review is for the hotel.....I have been waiting to stay here just to check it out, and it turns out with my wife going through 2 back surgeries in 6 months and I needed to save some cash. I have read all the reviews and it really didn't matter, I was going to stay there anyway. There really is not much bad I can say about this place. The parking garage is old and very circular. I mean... what do you expect from an old old old building. Easy to navigate around but the elevators are slow....so what. The more time you are in the elevator then less time you loose money right? Still not too shabby. When you get out of the elevators, you make a quick turn to the right and there is the front desk.Check in was SUPER EASY. This was one of my wife's main reason for staying here. NO line queue. I mean the walked from the elevator, made the turn and walked right up to the Front desk agent. She was really nice and noticed it was my birthday. We received our keys and walked right up to our room. Room was everything we needed. Its not like we needed much due to we were not in the room, but to rest and shower. We had the 2 beds and we used one of the beds to lay out all of our clothes for the next day. The TV was a large flat screen and was above the 2 person dresser. There was a decent table and chairs right next to window were we had a view of the entrance to the Flamingo. The view was really cool at night when that huge sign was lit up. JUST FYI, they don't turn off that sign until 7am. The bathroom was kinda small, but it worked. There was a small stained glass window you can open in the shower. If you close it and take a hot shower, it steams up the small bathroom when the door is closed. It left sooooo good. We really liked this hotel because you can walk from your room down to the strip in less than 5 minutes. Unlike those huge resorts where you may have to walk through a mall or something. Even the check out was quick and easy. No wait on a Thursday afternoon and again walked right up. Normally other resorts have the Thurs-Sun crowds filtering in. There was only 2 issues we had. One was when the heater kicked on the vents would make a load noise, but it only lasted a few times each night. The other issue was that we called down to request more bath towels, and they said the maid service was out for the day and we needed to call again in the morning. 10 minutes later someone did bring up the towels we needed. All the people are super nice, the bar tenders are really cool and even the security will stop and talk to you if they are not doing anything at the moment. I would stay there again if need be. I really cant pass up rooms for $37.00 per night for 4 nights. BOOM.
3	The hotel lobby has seen better days, but there is an ongoing poker game 24/7 there.  The rooms, however, are a-ok, clean and sufficient. However, make sure you get a room that does NOT face the street.  Street noises--unless you have hearing problems--are horrid and will not allow you to sleep.  I had to move from a room like that before even the first night's sleep to another room that faced the back which was ok and quieter.
3	Came here this past weekend. I had heard about its legendarily cheap steak and eggs after hours. My friends said it was $3.99, but it's actually $6.99 now. It's a decent sized steak, and the price of one egg usually is already $3.99 or so, so it's a good deal, I guess. The food tastes pretty decent too; the toast was super buttery too, except I was too tired to eat it.SERVICE SUCKS. The hostess told us that they charge gratuity if we have a party greater than 7 or 8 (can't exactly remember the number), so we decided to be seated separately. I went to visit the other table to chat while we waited for our food, but the hostess came over almost immediately to tell us that "There are way too people at this table!" and I went back to my table. What a beezy.When we were gonna pay, it took forever to work the cashier, and the hostess was still being rude. I don't think I'm coming back here.
3	A dependable place to stay, with clean rooms, reasonable service, etc. Free parking is so convenient, check-in is so fast, and the location is ideal.As for food, I've got a feeling we're not in the Barbary Coast any more. The Victorian Cafe has basically gone downhill. The Chinese food now sucks, which is a total bummer. They don't even have chili sauce, trying to give us salsa instead. Doesn't work for me!
4	Unpretentious, unapologetic, and a whole lot of fun! Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon might have taken my money, but I had a jolly good time here. Yes it doesn't have the flashiness of its neighbors but Bill's is really it's own thing unto itself. They have low-minimum tables here and the dealers, for the most part, are really personable. One in particular whom I can't remember his name now but he was a SUPERSTAR. He was schooling us newbies on gambling -  "Why would you do that? Did you not see what I got?" or "I wouldn't do that if I were you but it's your money." There was much laughter at our table. The drinks also keep flowing here. Even before you're done, there'll be a new one coming up. Drink up my friends, drink up. I like Bill's. It's pure fun here and I had a great time. I'll be sure to stop by even for a little bit the next time we're here.
5	Super fun place.  Had a grand old time at the Cook E Jarr show.  He is hilarious and a great singer!  We have been wanting to see him for several years - he's a Vegas institution and came highly recommended.   It was all we had heard it was and so much more fun than we even expected!   So much fun in a relaxed environment.  This place doesn't have a lot of glitz and glam, but the patrons are having a heck of a good time!
4	I should make it clear that I have never ever stayed in this hotel, therefore this review has nothing to do with the hotel as a sleeping place or its rooms. I don't gamble, but my best friend does. If we travel with other people, they usually do also. We ALWAYS stop here for gambling purposes and its fun! Even as the non-gambler that I am, I enjoy being here and watching. "Cheer leading" as he plays, drinking with all the gamblers, getting really into the games as if I'm playing.There's either magic in the air or my nose gets an immunity pass because cigarette smoke in the air seems non existent.Maybe I get lost in all the fun...who knows, but I sure enjoy being here!
5	HUGE fan of Bill's! Like many others who adore the tidy little place, I've never stayed overnight here, but still find myself here each and every time I'm in Vegas. I've loved the old-timey (Victorian, right?) vibe here since it was Barbary Coast and precious little has seemed to change since the Caesar's/Harrah's people took over a few years ago. Big Elvis (who isn't so big anymore), the cheap and tasty hot dogs (now served at the coffee shop) are still there as is the famous late night steak and eggs special. The limits are low here and this is one of the few places the craps tables seem to consistently treat me well. The drink service is stellar here while at tables or at the bar. All in all, a wonderful place to return to each time I find myself in town.
4	I didn't stay at Bill's but my friends and I came here often for the tables. Bill's probably has the cheapest tables of the center strip area. $5 blackjack, $3 roulette, $3 craps. You can't get cheaper on center strip as far as I know. Dealers are hit-or-miss. Had some fun ones, ones that really helped you out, and occasionally straight up rude ones. In terms of atmosphere, it's lively, the crowd is older than other casinos. They have karaoke at night, top 40 blasting at the entrance. Comped drinks are pretty weak but I guess it keeps your game sharp. Bill's is simple and classic, almost like a time warp to how Vegas was in the 60's without all the glitz that center strip is now.
5	They have a $3 digital craps table that is wonderful to play on!  You still get the live experience but also get to more comfortably play craps.  We played on this table for 3 days and loved each and every time!  The table is also by the doors so the smoke isn't as bad.
3	Went here for MLK wkend and I have to say it was a mixed bag.The Good - 1.  The price.  You can't beat it.  I think that we paid $99 for a mid-grade room.  Great view of the strip, Paris, etc.  I read reviews and people say that it's too loud, but I just think they're being too type A.2.  The room was clean and pretty big for the price.  Listen - you walk into Bill's and you think "What the shit did I just do by booking my vaca here..." But then you get to the room and it's not bad at all.3.  This is the best feature of them all - Location on the strip - You're in the middle of everything!  I mean it - don't even bother renting a car - you can walk to everything.  It's perfect!  You won't find a better place to stay for the money.The Bad - 1.  This place is a dive.  Don't eat here.  Don't gamble here.  Try not to breathe in the air here.  Outside your room, everything else is a dive.  The people who say the steakhouse is great have Fu-Man-Chu's and cowboy hats complete with stir-ups and overalls.  Seriously, look at their profiles.  One word - YIKES!2.  No pool.  They say that you get to share with Flamingo or something.  As if you want to walk all over the place to hit up the pool.  Fortunately we were there in the winter, so we didn't have to worry about it.Overall - you get what you pay for with Bill's.  It's a dive and it smells bad, but your room is clean and doesn't smell and you're in the middle of everything on the strip.  Let's be serious for a minute.  If you're going to Vegas to stay in your room, then you're pathetic.  Stay at Bill's to sleep, shower, and shit and then leave to do everything else.  You will thank yourself, especially when people are staying elsewhere and paying double or more.
3	Was the first time staying here while attending the 2012 CES convention.  Was one of the few places left that had a room open so we took it.  Great location and staff but the that was about it.  The room was not fully cleaned during check-in, the bathtub poorly drained and several light bulbs were out.  The AC was loud but the noise from the strip was minimal.  With a great location like this, I don't see why they just don't fix this place to be nicer.  Would only stay here again if the room rates are rock bottom.
4	I can only speak for the casino, but if you're looking for more reasonably priced tables than what you can find at the fancy places on the strip, this is the spot. It has the feel of the old places down on Fremont St., with similar table prices, but you don't need to take a cab to go downtown.A good respite for people who want to throw down a little money at the tables but maybe not $50 at a time.
4	Nice, clean, LARGE rooms. No frills, but on the strip at great prices. Within walking distance of most things, including the free outdoor shows. The transit authority's "Deuce Bus" that serves the Strip has stops nearby. The casino / saloon area downstairs is a fun atmosphere, and there are $5 minimum tables available. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant, "Victoria's". Do yourself a favor and don't. The prices are over-inflated, even by Strip standards. The service is very slow and the plates of food are small. (The Canadian bacon on the Eggs Benedict was silver dollar sized!) Free WiFi would definitely be a huge draw, but instead they charge $12 / day. I was content with using my phone.People snicker when I tell them I'm staying at Bill's Gamblin' Hall & Saloon, but I'll DEFINITELY stay here again!
4	I love your $30 rates and $5 tables and for this reason will always at minimum, visit you for hours any time I'm in Vegas.
4	Second time we stayed here. Across street from Bellagio and Ceasar's. Great location. Hotel is only 4 floors. Out of your room and on sidewalk in 3 minutes.( Big hotels take 15-20 min. to hit street.) Positives: 42" flat screen T.V., Excellent and rapid heating/cooling and quiet, great hot water and skin stripping shower pressure (no dribble), swing open leaded glass window in shower and watch Bellagio fountains while showering (fresh air in room),ample drawer space, table with 2 chairs, for the price this is luxury!!!!Negatives: If room is up front near Strip and facing Flamingo Blvd. the traffic and tourist noise can be QUITE loud at night. Recommend facing Flamingo Hotel on other side of hallway.Will stay here again. This hotel is owned by Harrah's.
4	Ok, I didn't even know this was a hotel, so I cannot attest to any of that.  However as a casino Bills is tops on the strip in my opinion, but let me explain.First I am not a huge gambler, I like to play craps, let it ride, and the slots.  Occasionally I will play black jack, but that is a sure fire way for a quick and expensive night.  I am a social gambler and spend money to have a good time and hopefully walk away flat.  That is why I LOVE Bills.  Whenever I have been in Vegas, whether a peak time or off-season, weekend or weekday I have found $5 tables at Bill's.  That allows me to sit in Bill's for 5 hours with $200 to start and gamble my night away with friends.  I am not the type of avid gambler who feels like spending $20 on a table, so Bill's fits my style.  Bill's is a smaller casino so it always seems packed, but the crowd is usually younger and a bit more laid back because the tables are cheaper.  Waitresses come around frequently, better than some of the more upscale casinos I have been in actually, so I am never without a drink in my hand.  Only complaint I have about Bill's is that the dealers can be iffy sometimes.  Since gambling is a social activity for me a talkative and fun dealer is always preferable.  Sometimes you can get dealers here who wont say a word to you and sometimes you will get ones who are really awesome.  I just walk away from a table with a dealer I don't like, then return when I see someone fun.  Overall, if you want o try your hand at something new or just enjoy gambling with your friends I highly recommend Bill's.
4	PROS:+ Fantastic Location: Right on the strip, walking distance to Bellagio and other attractions. + Cheap (see no frills). Seriously, great price for the room and location though.+ Plenty of parking on their structure which you can access from the lobby.+ Clean. No frills. Large rooms with decent A/C. + Dollar margaritas at casino downstairs.CONS:+ Not the most family friendly place - crowd downstairs can be a bit rowdy at night.+ You have to go down to the lobby to access the parking structure.+ Not the nicest room if you're gonna spend a significant amount of time in there.Have read other reviews complaining about noise but I didn't encounter this problem on our stay.Love love love Bill's. Will stay here again.
3	I was in town for a convention this past week for 4 nights. The host hotel was Caesar's and Bills is a great location to access multiple hotels including Caesar's. I couldn't beat the price in comparison to Caesars or the other Strip Hotels. I was able to use the money saved for nice meals during the week.PROS:Great Location and priceCLEAN! (Room, Linens and Bathroom)Great late night breakfast and price.CONS:Smokey; we were located close to the elevator on the third floor.Little noise; sounded like someone was bowling. Not sure what the noise was but it didn't bother us sleeping. Overall it was not a bad hotel; if you are on a budget and need to be on the STRIP this is your hotel.
4	Bill's is awesome in a weird kind of way. The rooms are surprising good, but the bathroom sucks. How much are you going to spend in the bathroom seriously. Ladies - sorry, this won't work for you if you are high maintenance or take three hours to get ready. Drinking the casino margaritas for $2 are good, they were better when they were $1. I'd stay here in a heartbeat. I've stayed at most of the Las Vegas properties (work) so this is a solid place. Spring/Summer tip: You can use the Flamingo pool because Bill's doesn't have one. Enjoy!
3	The only thing I really liked about this hotel is its location, as many other people have said. Next to Ballys and just kitty corner from Bellagio. Easy to walk to lots of fantastic hotels such as the Cosmopolitan, Caesar's, Mirage, Palazzo, etc. I also appreciated that my room was pretty clean and didn't smell like smoke. Now that the good stuff is out of the way, here are all the things that made me an unhappy camper.-- Definitely not a luxurious casino and lobby. Ugly, dated saloon decor and smelled of cigarette smoke. Ugh.-- They charge you $10 for early check-in. You think that's reasonable? Well, I tried to check in 15 minutes early. "Wait, so you mean I have to go stand in the casino and wait for 15 minutes, then check in again? Or you'll charge me $10?" "Yeah." Stingy, stingy.-- Sheets on the bed were old and not soft.-- The walls were SO THIN. Unacceptably thin. Every time someone opened the door of a NEIGHBORING ROOM, I could hear it and I was very alarmed because it sounded like my door was about to open. Someone was on the phone last night in the hallway, ranting about this guy she met, and I heard every word. When housekeeping came by, I could hear them knocking 4 doors down. Very frustrating.-- Speaking of housekeeping, they started coming by at 8:30am!!!!! Silly me, I accept fault for neglecting to put up my "do not disturb" sign, but is it really that unreasonable that I didn't expect to be bothered so early? Aren't most people in Vegas sleeping in after a night full of debauchery? Why the F@#)* are they coming by so damn early? I wouldn't care so much if I didn't hear "::knock knock knock:: Housekeeping?" 10 times at 8:30am because of the thin walls.If you're willing to put up with all this crap, then go ahead and book this cheap place on the Strip. As for me, next time I'll either spend more money for a nicer joint, or I'll find a nice place off-Strip.
1	The steak and eggs is now 8.99 and it sucks it used to be 3.99 they raised the price but not the quality of the food don't eat here go to Orleans or the Cal
1	Went here for the steak and eggs special.  When i parked, police were driving through the parking structure, as transients and trash were everywhere in the parking lot. I started to worry for my safety as this parking lot resembled the slums, but  I was aboslutely starving and since i love steak and eggs, i figured to go in anyways for the cheap price. When i walked in, the casino looked about like an abosloute dump and was filled with smoke eveywhere. It looked like it was about 50 years outdated and not in a good way. But i was starving and so I continued into the restaurant. to no surprise the restaurant remembled a run down bowling alley cafe. 1.The waiter we had was looked like he was about 70, was monotone and looked like he hated his job and life. He and this place were very depressing.  2. My friends and i ordered 3 steak and egg dinner for the special, it was obvioulsy pre-cooked as it came out in about 2 minutes after we ordered it. 3. The steak was worse than a frozen high school cafeteria meat patty. The steak looked like it came from a packaged seal. It was NOT a real steak, even a hamburger patty woud be an upgrade over this rubberdized substance they called a steak. (I never had a steak i didn't like until now).4. The scrambled eggs were not even edible. They were bright yellow and were runny. When i attempted to take a bite of them, they broke off into a million wet pieces in my mouth. I almost threw up. Since neither their steak or eggs were edible, i asked our waiter if they had ice cream because i was still starving. He said he wasn't sure. He came back and said they do. I said i would take a scoop. The ice cream was actually pretty good. So i figured at least if i'm optimistic i had the ice cream going for me. The bill came and the ice cream was $5.99  for ONE scoop of  plain vanilla. I shook my head, paid by bill and will never go back to the dump again. AVOID this place unless you like cafeteria processed garbage and run down, smoke filled, bowling alley type of places!
4	I know what you're thinking, "It's Bills!"  but, I was really surprised by this place! The service was great from check-in to check out. Great bartenders, great dealers, and helpful folks in the sports book. The room was nice and spacious for the amount paid and it is an excellent location. You get out of the elevator and are feet from the heart of the strip. If the price is right, take a gamble on Bill's.
2	We went for Karaoke in the lounge, which is just past the 21 tables and across from the bar. Sun -Weds nites at 8 pm. A decent size seating area in front of a stage. There's piped in music overhead which kind of competes with the Karaoke singers. This Karaoke doesn't cut it with me, because, you have to get your song choice from a binder and write down song title/singer and catalogue number for the Karaoke dude. Then some idiot singers take a binder to their table and keep it there as if it's their personal binder. And lyric screen is a small screen in front of you.Place is big time smokey. I couldn't believe people were actually staying there in their rooms. However, one thing I liked was a speaker in front on the sidewalk blasting the Karaoke singers singing !
4	$5 craps tables!!!  I didn't stay here, but the craps tables were hopping!  The slots weren't bad either.  Good service, fun dealers and not too many d-bags running around.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be back to Bills for those $5 tables for sure!
5	Just stayed at Bill's for my Son's 21st BD. We had 5 rooms total, paid for a deluxe room and had a great view of the strip. But since it is on The Strip unless you bring ear plugs or are totally drunk it is hard to sleep. Rooms were good size, older but clean. Since I slept a total of 18 hours over 4 nights it was a great find. There are 2 great bartenders at the main bar, Ryan has the swing shift and Robert on the late night (Robert makes great Martinis). The elevators are a little slow but hey so am I. It is right next to The Flamingo, which we had access to their pool. Gambling was pretty good, always busy.I would stay there again, 4 nights on a weekend for under $425.00!
4	Bill's is an older style hotel so don't expect ritzy new decor or anything too fancy . If you're happy with that then you'll like staying at Bill's.  If you're after luxury go elsewhere. things to love about Bill's Great location - centre of the strip diagonally opposite the Bellagio , across from Ceasars and next door to the flamingo - our room had a view of the Bellagio fountains that we could watch whenever we liked. It was great tro be within walking distance of so many attractions. Easy Check in / Check out/ access because this isn't a huge hotel check in was quick and easy . Access to your rooms is also great because you don't have to travel miles through the hotel to get to the elevator to your room Rooms the rooms are a good size and were kept clean and tidy . The decor is dated but not offensive. Great Price The money we saved staying here allowed us to take the helicopter tour of the grand canyon. I would recommend to anyone on a budget .
3	We run thru here to get the two dollar margaritas, regular or strawberry. We usually tip one dollar and run out spending $5! Whee!!!!!
2	I brought my little bro out to Vegas for his bday and we stayed at this hotel. Bill's is an old school spot. Not ritzy and smelling like a dirty Marlboro, it lends itself to good things such as a quick check in. Upon arriving to our room I observed what looked to be a suspicious blood stain on one of the bed sheets and quickly called dibs on the other bed. Suspicious as in not big enough to show signs of a shanking, but not small enough to be unnoticeable. Well Hello Vegas!The room prices were decent. Our room had a nice view of the strip. Location location location! That's what this spot is about! Right on the middle of the strip and next to and across the street from some of the more better known hotels and casinos.I woke up at 4am on Sunday morning to my little bro peeing on the wall and the floor. Well GoodBye Vegas! So I guess, with suspicious bloodstain in mind, we're even?
2	well we had breakfast here...... big mistake...... the hostess was taking a waiting list, our friend jim tryed to give him his name to put down... the lady had to repeat jim back to him 3 times cause she didnt understand english, finally she wrote down GIAM, ?? wtf.... after waiting 1 hour just to be sat , we found we were being skipped due to her poor language barrier, and then we weresat.........The food? yep, worst than dennys... need i say more? naw im good.
4	This place is a MUST VISIT spot if you are ready to just get down and party! Definitely a older place where all the locals seem to go, but it's because its so fun! The service is pretty consistent.You can't beat $7 bucket of beer (coors lite or miller lite) and the cool old White Guy singing some Teddy P with a crazy wig and gold chain...just the way I always imagined Vegas as a child. LOL!My husband and I always like to visit this place and people watch!This visit we went and enjoyed the bucket of beer for my husband and then I headed over to the Slush Bar which was pretty cool too. Yummy slushy alcohol drinks with peach rings, YUM!We normally hit up Drais too for some dancing, but this time it was more of beer, slush and people watching...so I say if you want a low budget Vegas experience then hit this place up...it's in the heart of the Strip so the rush of people stumbling by is worth it!-Cheers-
4	This is a really silly place to suggest keeping a secret but if I could I would about Bills. Want to make sure its available next time we go! Old School Vegas styling, great, inexpensive breakfast, the fastest check in ever AND we got an upgraded room - just for asking. Our room had a great view of the Fountains, and a comfy bed.All in all - a great place to stay, eat and play! And affordable too!
3	Convenience for a reasonable price,,,thats it.. no frills.......Best location
3	Bill's is where you go on a Friday around midnight when the Pai-Gow tables at Paris are $25 minimums, and the tables at Bally's are $15 but all full.  The tables at Bill's will probably be $10 but equally full, so that when you finally vulture a seat, you are likely to hang on to it, like until, say, 5am.  You will have a good time with some decent people and solid staff, but don't expect any frills at a joint like this.  The men's room is a nightmare and when your friend orders a Johnnie Walker Black Label, the waitress might laugh in his face and say, "No--Red Label."
4	Ladies and gentleman welcome to the "Bill"agio! Bar far the lowest cost poker room on the Las Vegas strip. They offer daily poker tournaments 4 times a day for only $30 bucks, the cheapest you will find on the strip. The structure is pretty fast and they usually only attract 20-30 players for each event but there is no better way to get a cheap and fun Vegas poker experience. They also offer a .50 cent - $1 dollar cash no limit texas holdem game. This is the only game of its kind is Vegas and you can sit down for as little as $20 bucks. This game plays a lot the kitchen table home games we all grew up on and is a nice mix of clueless tourists and low rent locals looking to play for a low buy in and free cocktails. The atmosphere at Bill's is VERY laid back and the games are always really soft. If you are coming to Vegas and have never played poker in a casino before Bills is a great way to get your feet wet without feeling like a fish out of water.
5	I love this place and will most likely be staying here again for our next stay. Located right across the street from Caesars and bellagio and amazing views of Paris this place is a steal and a gem. Our Monday rate was 50-60 night! Rooms are descent, loud ac and toilet BUT when are you ever in your room in Vegas anyways! On the plus, the hotel is so small you just walk in the door and straight up to your room. After long days of walking it's great!
1	The hotel was nice, and our check in experience great.  They even upgraded us for free (which oddly enough actually becomes part of the issue/reason for the 1 star).  The rooms were clean and spacious.The drain in the shower was slow and the water did back up while showering.  There was some noise from the strip, but it was expected and not excessive.  Well, the first 2 nights. But that is later. The shower had a fantastic stained glass window (although it had the hardest ever shower curtain to close) and we could see the fountains at the Bellagio from our room.  The casino is really smoky, and the elevators to the hotel and parking garage both require a trip through the casino which is annoying with luggage as there aren't really paths through the casino, you are sort of steering through the machines.  Other than tonight (that's coming) the staff was friendly, helpful and funny.  The beds were comfortable, although having an extra blanket or sheet in the room would have been nice as I do get cold at night and the beds were obviously made for warm weather.  The parking lot was spacious and free, although hard to find from the street, as the hotel is on Las Vegas Blvd and the parking on Flamingo.Why 1 star?  The night before we left, a guy set up an entire drum set across the street on the sidewalk in front of Bally's.  After 4 hours constantly (of the same song) we finally called the hotel front desk at about 11pm.  We told them we are checking out the next day, was there something they could do about the drummer across the street (we could hear him with all the windows closed, from the 4th floor, with the AC on, and also over the noise from the Bellagio Fountains, which are not quiet).  The first person I talked to commented that they had been having issues with him but there was nothing they could do about him because he was not on hotel property.  She also commented that he goes until the wee hours, sometimes 3 or 4 (as check out time is 11, not ok) She transferred me to the front desk, the woman there told me "Well, there is nothing I can do as you are already getting a discounted rate" WHAT???  I get a courtesy upgrade and when I am unable to sleep, you tell me that because of the upgrade there is nothing you can do on my account or to help me????  Ummmm....as the HOTEL authorized the upgrade, how in the heck is "you are already getting a deal" a reason to do nothing about a known issue???  I again asked if there was anything that could be done, and she told me they have been having issues with him, but that it is not on hotel property so nothing can be done. I would have gladly downgraded back to the original hotel room, so I was paying full price for the room to get her to help me, but that was not an option.  Per the person I was speaking to, there was, again, "nothing that could be done as had already been given a discount". My fiancee even remembers me asking him if it would be ok to move rooms, while on the phone with the front desk person, who's name was Lucy.  Before I could even say anything to her, you guessed it, there was nothing they could do as I was getting a discount.  Had I known their attitude, I would have declined my upgrade and preserved my right to complain if there was an issue.I called Bally's.  Same thing but the person there was nicer than my own hotel!!!  Gave me the number of the Las Vegas Police Department and suggested I might have luck with them directly but that legally the sidewalk was county property.  Called them.  The first person took the complaint.  We got a return call in about 20 minutes, asking for clarification, as the person seemed a little amazed we were complaining about a street performer. I told her we are on the 4th floor across the street, with windows closed and he is still loud like he is in the next room.  My fiancee described it as following a 5th grade drummer down a parade route hearing the same drum riff over and over.  At this point it was well after 12am, and she asked if we were able to sleep over the noise, to which I responded "We're still up because of it".  A few minutes later, watching from our balcony, a police officer appeared, talked to the guy, and shut him down.Bill's would have been four stars.-1 for telling me that as I was already getting a good rate there was nothing they could do.-1 for the fact that the hotel across the way was nicer, more helpful, and more concerned. Bill's didn't even say she was sorry, just rudely stated that there was nothing they could do.-1 for the lie song and dance I got about there being nothing they could do.  If I can call the LVPD and get an officer out, I am guessing the hotel could call and say guests are complaining.  Apparently, this service also doesn't come with the upgrade.So, stay at Bill's if you want.  But if you have an issue, I suggest bringing a list of important contact numbers.  If you need them, Bill's won't help.  Unless you pay full price with no "deals".
5	Didn't stay at the hotel but they have by far the best casino on the strip.
5	I brought the band I manage through Las Vegas and needed a cheap not-too-awful place for us to crash for the night. The front desk people gave me the friends and family rate, which was excellent, and reviews looked good, so I got us four rooms at Bill's. The hotel ended up being sold out, so they upgraded one of our rooms to a suite, and it was DOPE. Huge, beautiful, fun, clean, with a jacuzzi tuba and a sauna shower. The rest of the rooms were all fine, perfectly clean, not smoky. My gf and I went to the Flamingo pool in the morning and that was fun too. I have no complaints about Bill's and if I ever have to stay on the Vegas strip again (which honestly isn't really my thing), I'd be happy to go back to Bill's.
4	We weren't planning on stopping by here, but there was a lady outside with a free spin slot machine.  It gives you (50-200) credits to go on certain machines, and if you hit a jackpot during those credits, you get 200 credits payout.  It was actually pretty fun because we don't normally spend a lot on slot machines.  They also have $1 small margaritas and $1 beers.  Pretty great!
5	This is a review of the casino & gambling experience (not the hotel).We made our way over to Bill's, as we walked the strip in Vegas.  I had been there before, but only briefly.  My husand and I were doing some Saturday day gambling and had  already lost a few hundred the night before so were hopeful we could find a $5 blackjack table.  Found out that O'Shea's (our normal white trash place that we love) was closed for renovation and I think we found the next best thing when we found Bill's Gamblin Hall & Saloon!!The dealers are all very helpful and friendly and the cocktail waitresses come around very frequently, which doesn't happen in most casinos.  Also, they have Miller Lite on draft (my fav!).  They have several $5 tables, including blackjack and World Series of Poker.  We gambled and drank here most of the day Saturday and were sad to have to leave when we found out we had a dinner resv.  But probably good that we did because we left with more $$ than we came into Bill's with.  I recommend Bill's if you are looking for a casual, inexpensive place to gamble.
3	Even though we didn't make it into Drai's I decided to play some $5 blackjack.  After about 15 minutes, a drink, and going on a rollercoaster, my crew decided waiting in line to get in was a bust.  So I cashed in my chips and took a $10 loss.  But the waitress and dealer were both awesome and friendly.
4	HOTEL REVIEW:I love going to Vegas in the cheapest way possible - I don't give a shit about staying in the nicest hotels, because my room is for sleeping off hangovers only. And maybe french kissing, if I get lucky. Booked a last minute trip last week with my bro, and got a 2 Queen room at Bill's for $40. LOCATION IS AWESOME! When I arrived to check in, Stephanie at the front desk said, "Oh you're going to love me, I just upgraded you to a suite!" We say thanks, and head up...a $40 suite at a Bill's. Can't be that sweet, right? WRONG. Opened the door, and immediately shit in our pants. Both of us. Same time. The place was HUGE. King bed, 2 bathrooms, giant shower, jacuzzi, huge bar, living room. ICE MACHINE. It was great. Obviously you can't always get that lucky, so I snuck into an empty 2 Queen room to check it out - TOTALLY would have been worth the $40. NOTE: I would give it 5 stars, but one of the thermostats in our room was broken which made it hot as shit at night. Sweaty city.
1	the room smells TERRIBLE. we stayed two nights in separate rooms. both rooms smell like hell, cigarettes and all. shower drain is clogged, both rooms. very thin walls. overall, a huge downer for our trip.
5	We went to several high end sports book(like MGM, Cantor, Hilton) made some large wages and was offer nothing. Went to Bill's made bets in the same range and recieved several drink tickets. Great customer service.
5	Review for the hotel:I love, love, love Bill's!  As someone who travels to Las Vegas a couple of times a year, I want to stretch my dollar as much as possible, but also want to be comfortable.  Bill's meets that criteria.  Last week, checked in for a three night stay and requested an upgrade.  We were told because it was a holiday weekend, the upgrade would be a little more expensive.  No problem, we knew we wanted to stay in a suite.  Because we had arrived so early, we had to wait a few hours for our room to be ready, but when we got back to the hotel, the bellman (Mike) came and found us in the casino and provided us with our keys.  Loved the personal touch!The room had a wet bar, two bathrooms, and a living room/dining room combo outside of the bedroom.  A view of the south entrance of the Flamingo made it spectacular.  (The suites have different views, and last year, we ended up with a suite that had a jacuzzi and a view of the Bellagio fountains. Be aware that either view is awesome from the front of the property, but the south view may have more noise.) Otherwise, the suites are well-appointed with flat screens in some rooms, and with plenty of room for 3-4 people to stay comfortably.As we went around the room, though, we realized that the safe was broken, the shades were not working properly, and the shower was missing a door.  (I'm kind of interested to hear that story) When we talked to the front desk, they immediately offered us a different room, or the option to remove a nights' upgrade charge.  Because I wanted the view, we opted to remove the upgrade charge.  When we returned to our room a bit later to change clothes, there was a worker repairing the safe in our room.  Problem solved!My only complaint about Bill's would be the lack of food options, since they removed the snack bar to add in the new Slush Bar/beer pong area.  Not a huge issue, since Flamingo is right next door, and it's easy to grab a small pastry or coffee in the morning with fairly little hassle.From beginning to end, every single employee at Bill's was helpful and cheerful, and went out of their way to assist us.  From great service to a great value, at this point, there is no other choice for me of where to stay - Bill's it is!
5	Ok, so my degenerate crew and I just got back from our favorite watering hole called Bill's Gambling Hall.  Once again the service and rooms were great.  We sauced our face off with Jager bombs and a 1000 beers (gratis ofcourse).  I had the shakes for a bit so I took a quick dirtnap in the room which was bed bug free I might add.  Good stuff.  Room was clean and nice, the only problem was they gave me and my ladyboy friend a king size bed instead of 2 queens.  Bummer, but we were so blasted coming home at 7am everyday, it didn't matter.  The dealers are outstanding and they bled money in our direction the entire weekend, which is nice to be taking instead of laying.  We have been coming to Bill's since the mid 90's when it was the Barbary Coast and the price, value, selection is perfect.  The only downfall is you have to bring beavers there otherwise you will have to take down an old bird and nobody likes that business.  Love this place.
5	Had our honeymoon in Vegas this past week and we were on a pretty tight budget, but we wanted to at least be on the Strip and get to enjoy all of the usual Vegas tourist crap.  So we checked out the reviews and saw Bill's was an insane value and actually had a great response as well.  I had heard it was a great value years ago back when it was the Barbary Coast and it hadn't changed, so we dropped the cash and checked it out.  Got a Friends and Family discount and only paid $30/night for the weekdays and $70 for Friday/Saturday.  Not too bad.  And the location is amazing.  Across the street from Caesar's and the Bally's monorail and a short walk to everything else.  Our hotel room was great.  Good size, really cute antique decorations, huge flat screen TV, partial view of the Strip, and really clean.  Internet isn't free, but parking is and they have a good-sized garage for that.  The casino is smoky and on the smaller side, but we loved the $2 mini-margaritas.  Our bartenders loaded them up with tequila and so the value was totally worth it.  Staff was friendly as well.  The only knock I had was that we were pretty sure our room, while on the top floor was directly above Drai's and thus we heard a faint techno beat in our room on the weekend nights.   Didn't affect our sleep though.Next time we're on the Strip on a budget, Bill's it is.  Best value on the Strip by far.  How much time do you actually spend in your room in Vegas, anyway?
3	Not bad. The casino smells like ass, but the room was decent. Many of the machines seem to be in poor repair, but i got a royal flush on video poker at the bar, so i can't complain.I hate that there is a five dollar service charge for room service. The victorian cafe was decent, though.
4	We were staying at Caesars and want to try someplace different.  This is across the street.  We really enjoyed our time here.  We did not stay at the hotel, but we gambled and ate at the coffee shop.  The food was good and the casino was friendly.
4	My husband and I were renewing our vows for our tenth anniversary last weekend. We were short on funds for various reasons so we had to go less luxe than we would have normally. Plus we have a grade school aged kids. I checked out the prices and saw Bill's had one of the best prices on the Strip and we hadn't stayed before. So I booked with little expectations.Talk about a surprise. Yes the place is small compared to the megaresorts like Wynn or Cosmo. It's shabby - the corporate owners could stand to invest a couple of million updating the place and making the elevator button lights work and maybe get rid of that shimmy in the elevators. Yes there really isn't a valet to park your car. (It was closed the entire five days we were there). But here are the perks:You are still on the Strip across from Bellagio, Bally's and Caesars. Sure you have to do a bit of a hike down an alley to get access to the Flamingo's pools but hey, it's not that bad. Because it's small, the reception desk by the Victorian restaurant is also about a four meters/12 feet away from the elevators up to the rooms. Everyone was ridiculously friendly. When I left a bag in our room before check out, they knew who I was and made sure I got the bag before I left. How cool. The rooms are really spacious and clean. The bed was amazingly comfortable (I think my family had some of the best sleep we'd had in a hotel in a long time). So, the cons of the place is that you do have to hike to the pool. And it is run down. The closet is in the bathroom. Some of the clientele reminded me of the crew from "Jersey Shore" without the irony. And the maids aren't in your room 10 minutes after you leave it - some times a problem for people. We had left our room from about 10am until 2pm and our room wasn't cleaned. We were okay with it because we can reuse our towels without feeling deprived. The elevator to the parking garage is on the other side of the elevators to your room so you have to shlep around to pick up your vehicle if you have one.If you want to stay at a hotel that offers you a clean, friendly place to rest your head, this is the place on the Strip for little money.
4	Do you want low stakes? Do want a dingy casino that has some old school appeal? Do you want an ample steady flow of cocktails while gambling? Bill's is your place! We were a group of 10 staying next door at the Flamingo and found ourselves spending more time at Bill's since the stakes were super low and it was easy to find a roulette table that we could have all to ourselves.The drinks come quick, most waitresses would bring a back up without even being asked. They really look after the players. Sure the place is old and dirty but damn it's a good time.They have beer pong if that is your thing, a poker room and spread all the usual games.A word of caution is to avoid Bill's after 3 am on the weekends. Their nightclub is a big draw and the place turns into a Jersey Shore convention. I didn't care much when the dude from Miami Beach with his annoying drunk girlfriend pushed me off my spot at the roulette wheel.Good stuff though. Bill's is a place that makes a low stakes guy feel like a high roller in Vegas. I love it and can't wait to go back on my next visit.
1	This is a review of the Sunday night karaoke. It has the potential to be a lot of fun, solid song selection, a nice stage to sing on, a captive audience near the beer pong tables and some of the gaming tables/machines. And yet, it fails but it's ruled by Robert, the ruiner of dreamers and opponent of fun. My brother (who's birthday it was) got his name called while he was up in the bathroom, we quickly ran over there and let him know he'd be back in just a second and asked if he could let someone else go first. He (very reasonably so) replied sure. And yet, my brother's name never got called. When we went back over to ask about it he said "Oh yeah I threw out that slip." Seriously, on a dude's birthday, that's cold man.
4	One of THE place to go for steak and eggs from 11pm to 6am! How can you beat $6.99 with egg, hash browns, and butter toast?  Every time I come here past 2am, it is always a full house. Its cheap and gets the job done. Do not expect great quality meat-you get what you pay for. I like to get my eggs sunny side up in order for me to dip my toast into the egg yoke. Yum!    I consider this a saloon hole-in-the wall, so do not expect fancy. After your meal, you pay at the cash register!
5	winner!
4	Late-Night Steak & Eggs & Potatoes for $6.99?!  Yup, that fabled deal really does still exist in Las Vegas!! With the closure of the $5.99 Steak & Eggs place @ the Flamingo, Bill's Gamblin' Hall still offers us drunken & hungry tourists a chance to curb your munchies.  However, here's some things to be aware of....and make sure you set your standards low so you aren't "disappointed" over a cheap meal that really shouldn't cost less than a McDonalds Combo :PThe restaurant is at the far back of the casino, straight past all the tables and slots.  Make sure you go back and make a reservation if you're in a group of more than 4. THIS  IS VERY IMPORTANT as their service is incredibly slow and lax (i mean...it is 3am).  So once you've bumbled around the casino and left your name on your reservation list, foolishly gamble to kill time and pretty much negate any food savings you're getting ;)  lol jk or you can aim to win $10 and cover your meal!!! Ultimate strategy in my opinion (bet red, it's guaranteed to hit!)When you order the steak & eggs (which isn't on the official menu, you have to ask for it), make sure you ask for rare or medium rare, but this will actually result in a steak that's medium-well to well-done.  The steak itself is ample sized and thick for such a cheap price, but as mentioned, expect it to be semi-dry based on how much the cook overcooks it.  But comon, you're only going here drunk or hung-over, so it should actually taste FANTASTIC :)Let me mention again, service is really SLOW but give the employees some slack as it's late and you should be appreciative they're still open and willing to sell you steak/2 eggs/ potatoes for such a low price and on clean dishes.  Just go there, laugh about the night with your friends, and allow the food to absorb any residual alcohol in your body.  GOOD BYE HANGOVER!!! :D
1	I've generally loved Bills, since they transformed from Barbary Coast in 2007. They have cheap tables and rooms (even if the drinks are overpriced).We came for my birthday on Sunday, July 22. We played blackjack in the afternoon, and our dealer AND pitboss both recommended that we show up for the karaoke that evening. They mentioned the stage and talked it up. I was pretty excited to bring my friends back that evening to check it out.Me and a friend put our names in, and tipped the guy $5. He didn't acknowledge either of us directly or thank us for the tip.When I went to the bathroom, apparently my name was called. My friends texted me. I ran back over to the area. I was told that I missed my turn, but they'd work me back in.An hour passed by, with no luck. After I saw one of the locals come up to sing their second song I came back to speak to the guy running the karaoke (Robert?). He told me that my slip had been removed, and he could work it back in.I did not get to sing, even after waiting for another hour. It's frustrating that we brought a large group for my birthday, purchased drinks, and were pleasant to other singers to be dismissed so readily for the other locals.I could expect that on a bar off of the strip. In a place on the Vegas strip I'd expect things to be different.On a sidenote, if you're a Vegas local this spot may be perfect for you!
5	I don't understand why anyone would pay more for a supposedly better hotel.  This hotel met every need we had...including our budget.  I was very impressed by the service and the room.  We chose this hotel because of it's price... I thought it would be the kind of hotel where you were glad you were too busy to spend any time in it... but no way man.. The rooms were so nice and comfortable.. I loved the bathroom windows and the huge, comfy beds.  They had nice furniture and lighting and beautiful decor.  The TV was huge but I am glad I brought my laptop to watch movies on.  Oh.. but internet cost about 12$ a day... so be prepared to use your phones for all networking purposes.  Besides that... there was free parking, convenience and ease of location.. I wont stay anywhere else. My folks stayed here too.. They were very pleased... My friends stayed at a motel 6 far down the road and paid more...  I had recommended Bill's to them before the trip but they needed to bring their dogs.. so I guess Bill's is not pet friendly.  Anyway.. I'll be back Bill's.. Thanks for making my honeymoon so perfect!
5	Stayed here for 2 nights back in 2008, rooms were comfortable and nice and also ideally located.  For the price, you just can't beat this place!!  Now don't think just because I've rated this place 5 stars, its a fancy place, just realize that one shouldn't expect Bellagio rooms at low rates.Casino is great too, low limits for a strip property, and go to the bar ($5 oil cans of Fosters) great deal.Only downside is cocktail service at the tables, really bad draft beer!!
3	Almost three years since my previous review, I stayed here again and maintain a 3 star rating.As my other Yelpers have noted:1) The price is definitely reasonable based on location and accomodations. Having access to the pool at the Flamingo is great.2) There is no flexibility on checkout time. It's 11am. If you leave at 11:01 you will be charged! After noon, it's a half day charge. They claim this is because there is no resort fee. Very inflexible policy on this.... 3) Checkin- same deal, extra charge for an early checkin... To get a slightly better room, they offered it to me for $20 but then was told it was 'cash only' no receipt. Thinking about this afterwards, left a poor taste in my mouth, but we wanted to get a room and not have to wait. 4) Otherwise, the rooms are clean, the location great and reasonably priced. It's not the Mirage, or Monte Carlo (certainly not the Bellagio or Venetian) but it's a nice place to go, when it'e expensive elsewhere and you are looking to save a little on accomodations.
5	Best spot for a beginning blackjack player on the strip.  The dealers here really took time to help me learn the game and went at a reasonable pace.  The bonus was that mys friends were able to splay beer pong while I played.  I did not stay at Bills as a hotel but I highly recommend a visit to their tables!
4	I have never stayed in the rooms but...This place is one of the few overall cheap spots to gamble, drink and, get delicious drunk food...they have a late night steak, hash brown, and egg meal that hits the spot!
1	Trade Show Business Travelers avoid at all cost!This property closes their receiving dock at 1PM (no I am NOT kidding), so ground deliveries by UPS and FedEx will be delayed as their standard delivery hours are later than the cutoff time.We have several clients who did not get their trade show materials in time because UPS could not deliver on the scheduled delivery day.FYI, the hotel does NOT inform guests of this cutoff time in advance
5	Best place to stay in Vegas.  I've stayed at TI, Luxor, and off-the-strip hotels, but now I won't stay anywhere else.  The rooms are clean and well appointed.  Plus, it's the best location in the city - right in the middle of the strip.  And it's not a huge maze-like casino, like most of the others.  It's two minutes from your room to the sidewalk.  And only $35 on weeknights!
1	Stayed here this past weekend with my beau. Checked in on a late Friday night to be told that check out is at 12 noon. For the price, I thought this place was a great location despite the fact that the elevator shafts smell like ass and the late night noisy streets. What really is disappointing and infuriating is to have a phone call morning of check out at 11:15 am saying that we've been charged additional for not checking out before 11am followed by laughter and being hung up on the phone. We called the front desk again to protest this uncalled disrespect to the customer and the same thing happened.  When we confronted the front desk about it they said that the front desk manager wasn't available which I'm sure was a lie because there was another couple right behind who were just as upset about the charges (if they already lied to us and others what would make me believe that there is no front desk manager on site, that's a load of poppycock to me.) Also, the rooms have absolutely no clear indications as to what time check out out is. Don't stay here, the hotel is staffed with disrespectful liars.
4	Great location & good size room for the price! We checked in later on Friday evening so we got a smoking room - luckily the room did not smell like smoke at all! The hallways and elevators smell odd but all in all very good place to stay for the price
1	We booked this based on reviews that were not accurate. Very seedy run down hotel with rude staff, no amenities and female trafficking right at the front door. Maybe okay for college guys but not for couples or families.
1	I booked a room at Bill's because of the Yelp reviews. They said it was clean, comfy and got the job done. Too bad I will never know how Bill's actually is because they booted me over to the Imperial Palace (*Note: Bill's=4 starts, IP=2.5 stars, yet I had to pay the same price.)We had arrived in Vegas early but didn't want to pay to check in early, so we waited until the ridiculously late 4 pm check-in time. When we got there, they told us that they would be moving us to the Imperial Palace. No explanation, no nothing. So after about 10 minutes of questioning Carletta at the front desk, she told us that it was because there were plumbing problems. But who knows.... Anyways, Carletta was kind enough to give us some wrong directions, so it took us about 30 minutes to get to the IP, which we could have walked in 5. But the awesomeness was just getting started!Let me just say that the IP was nothing short of awful. I mean, it got the job done (as in, we weren't sleeping on the street...which might actually have been cleaner), but the room was dirty, TERRIBLE lighting (how are 7 girls supposed to get ready in a room with 2 dull lamps?), the staff was extremely rude and unhelpful, and I had to wait 15 minutes to check in and 30 minutes to check out (Not including the time I spent figuring out that they checked someone else out instead of us and going back to have it fixed). Because of this dilemma they upgraded us to a room reserved for Diamond Club members. What special amenities did this "upgraded" room have? A coffee pot.....thanks......Anyways, there was a problem with my bill, so I called Bill's and was on hold for about 10 minutes. Then someone answered the phone and promptly hung up once I said hello. I am debating whether or not to even call to complain or try to get a partial refund because I doubt they will give a crap. It's nice that other people had such wonderful stays at Bill's, but I for one would suggest that you don't risk it. Yes it might be clean and comfortable and cheap(-ish), but wouldn't you rather stay somewhere where you'll actually be taken care of?
4	I didn't stay at the hotel but we stop in to gamble for awhile to kill some time before a show. The staff was super friendly, the betting minimums were pretty low and the drink service was fast. I great place.
2	Just followed a friend in here while walking down the strip.  We only had one drink and played a slot for a little bit.  Weak drinks and not really my scene.  I'll probably keep walking next time instead of following my friend.
4	*Review for Entertainment only*My husband and I sumbled into this place after walking for miles on the strip looking for somewhere to chill. We herd music coming from this casino's bottom floor. Beer pong tables? Oh yeah sounds like my kind of place! We didn't play however we did sit for kareoke and let me tell you..people were on liquid courage to sing on stage we were deffinately entertained by people dancing like no one was watching, and singing like they were american idol rejects (hahaha). Drinks $3.00 can't beat that considering we just paid 7.00 for a corona at New York New York.I would come back to this place loved the atmosphere!
4	We took chance on Bill's after reading the reviews on Yelp, and weren't disappointed.  Our room was clean, spacious as any on the strip, and the service was friendly and accommodating.  We made use of the Flamingo pools, which are a huge bonus to staying at Bill's.  With the small number of rooms, there was zero wait for check-in (right at 3pm, the earliest check-in time) or check-out.  (If you've stayed at the behemoth hotels on the strip, you know that you can easily waste an hour checking in.)  Other advantages to Bill's include the excellent center-Strip location, $5 blackjack at all times, friendly dealers at most tables, and housekeeping that restored a friend's room to normal after he partied too hard at the pool and made a mess of his room.  Downsides include the lack of a quick-serve restaurant, some rooms smelling of smoke, and occasional overbooking (see other reviews).
4	CASINO REVIEW ONLY**I haven't stayed in the hotel yet and don't plan to unless I had no choice. The casino here is very very Vintage 70's with the smokey casino air and dirty flooring, except for the slot machines they are the only things updated here. But it's great to visit this Victorian theme hotel as one of the last relics of old Las Vegas before the corporations took over driving the.mob out.Service here was excellent and was always asked for a drink by the casino waitress. What bothered me was I thought since this was owned by Harrah's, I thought they would be under Total Rewards but alas Bill' has their own casino system but still a  Harrah's property. If you are a new member, you get a free shirt or cup!! At least you get something free! Right!!They have 2 restaurants, the steakhouse and the Victoria Cafe with $$ pricing. Not bad for a center strip casino to have affordable dining options and the cafe is open 24/7.
4	Actually had a great time playing craps there!  Clean and nice staff.
4	Big Elvis has permanently left the building. Seattle's Best is gone. And Caesar's Entertainment is eventually going to refurbish this property and change the name. In its later days Bill's Gambling Hall's niche is inexpensive beer. The way I see it, Bill's Gambling Hall is developing into Bill's Beer Hall.   With prices for a bottle of beer reaching over $8 at Strip casinos, Bill's Gambling Hall has become a go-to place for a cold one when I am on the Central Strip. Hmm should I pay $7 for a bottle of beer at Paris or $3 for draft beer served in a decent size glass in Bill's Gambling Hall's two bars? The answer is Bill's (from this time forward Bill's). If I am not mistaken, Bill's also serves pitchers of beer for $7 (they did when Big Elvis performed here). With the slot machines near the former Big Elvis Lounge supplanted by beer pong tables, Bill's truly has the beer hall feel.    If you do not feel like stepping into the casino, they have a Corona Beer special at the south entrance. I believe a bottle of Corona goes for $3.   As Caesar's Entertainment looks for ways to redevelop Bill's Gambling Hall, in my mind it has developed into Bill's Beer Hall.
3	I never knew this was the name of the place until Saturday morning at 3:30am. o.o Oops! Not the nicest looking place inside, but it's kept very old school.Got that Drai's inside!
4	I'm going to bump this to 4 because I really like to gamble here.Yes, it's seedy and old and jenky.  You have to embrace that to be here.  But the dealers are all really friendly, and they have $5 blackjack tables!  Also, they have $0.50/$1/no limit poker tables that don't have too much of a line, and which have plenty of action.I am hoping the place will still be awesome after they remodel and reopen.
1	4 Stars??? Really people?? This place was horrendous! The only reason I ended up stopping by this place was because my grandma wanted to go to an older casino near the strip.We parked up stairs and ended up taking the elevator down. As soon as I got in the elevator it stunk like 1950's old cigarettes and mold. When we got down to floor level, I was unimpressed. Now I know why they shut places like this down... they are an EYE SORE!I was told that they are going to remodel it or tear it down, whichever they choose, please choose it soon!I saw all the reviews of people who enjoy the cheap beers. If you want at a free beer, sit as a bar and put a dollar in the machine and get one. I ended up going to the bar and ordering one (I didn't have anymore cash to play the machines) and they charged me $16 for a double Jack and Coke. Ridiculous! Also I wanted to play the $5 black jack and the tables were full the entire time I was there. And not to mention the stupid lines for the half price show tickets. Can't this half price tickets get their own booth or location?GO ELSE WHERE! THIS PLACE STINKS, LITERALLY!!
3	It was a girls weekend and we wanted cheap accommodations so we could have more play money for our trip. If you need a no-frills, clean, conveniently located hotel- this is your spot. If you plan on spending substantial amount of time in your room, this may not be your place. It's not exactly a place you want to linger in. But if you just need a clean room to sleep, shower, and get ready in...do it!Ask for a room with a view and you will have views of the Eiffel tower and the Bellagio water show. Drawback of a room with a view = the thunderous roar of the water show and the constant noise of the strip. The only major drawback of this place would be the lingering, stale, stink of smoke EVERYWHERE. Be prepared to wash everything you own when you get home.
5	If you want to be right in the middle of the strip, but you don't want to pay big bucks to be right in the middle of the strip, then this is the place for you.Formerly Barbary Coast, Bill's is a small, old-fashioned looking casino and hotel located just south of the Flamingo, across from the Bellagio.  Our room was spacious and well maintained, with a flat screen TV and a large closet.  Our Saturday price was $78.95, our weekday price was $38.95.  I know, right? Oh, and there's a 1/2 price ticket place right in the hotel... and they serve $2.00 margaritas... and they have $5.00 blackjack.In a nutshell, best value on the strip.  By far.
4	How do I give such an utter shit hole of a casino 4 stars? First off, those bartenders need to learn how to pour a proper mixed drink. This is Vegas, not the Holocaust and it's not even your liquor and you guys are going out of business in the next 6 months. Good god and only 205 rooms with dirt cheap prices offered? Good luck finding any occupancy at all during popular times in LV. The food however is half way decent. I would definitely give it the quantity over quality award though. And god only knows why my family decided to eat at this hole on Thanksgiving??? Bill's, you are one of the original Vegas Casinos so I would feel bad giving you anything under 4 stars. Congrats.
5	stayed here for one night with 4 girls. we booked a standard room and got upgraded to a luxury room. it was perfect for us plenty of room and the bathroom was perfect for 4 girls to get ready. we all took showers with plenty of hot water and awesome water pressure. the beds were comfortable and we had a nice view of the strip. didn't really stay in the casino for too long but we did try there $2 margarita's which were pretty tasty. this is in a perfect spot and awesome for the price. will be back, i heard they are remolding and possibly changing there name =(
4	Restaurant is open 24 hours with all items available. Their $13.99 prime rib was a solid FIVE STAR meal. As good as it gets! 16 oz of meat with most wonderful flavor and tender as meat gets. Every bite is heavenly. Good fries, soft drink and a salad come with the meal. There was a problem with our service. We got there at 10:30 PM with a half hour left in the shift and our order did not get to the kitchen until 11:08.  It seems that our first waiter knew he would not get our tip, so he took our order but did not bother to serve us. We had to wait over 30 minutes for our order. This would have been a problem if we were very hungry. I suggest that you do not come in between 10 PM to 11 PM, or you could have a long wait for your food. I spoke to the manager about this and she was apologetic and agreed with this advice. Everything else was fine.
4	My farewell to Bill's.Knowing this place will close in Feb., I wanted to take everything in one last time. My wife and I stayed here for the 3rd time in a row just last week. Again check-in was fast - no lines and this was at 730p on a Saturday.Room was nice and clean.The elevators are still super slow, which I hope they fix when they redo the place.  All the people working were nice as always.This time we stayed for 4 nights and I figured it would be a higher rate than normal due to the rodeo thing, the fight and the Country Music Awards all going on while we were there. We booked our room back in Aug., when we first got our flights set up. The rates through their website was still 69 for Saturday and 35 for each night after. Again SUPER cheap for easy access to other hotels on strip and it does not take forever and a day to get from your room down to the strip like the larger casinos.I some of the info about the closing from reading Vegas Chatter, but there was some other info I got from the dealers I spoke to. They did say that all your Bill's comp points will eventually turn into Total Rewards. Since they have not even picked a name for the new hotel and I hear the renovation will take over a year, who knows when everything will change over. I did know they were going to gut the place and add a roof top pool for a day/night club like most of the other resorts have. We are over 30, so most likely my wife and I will not be checking that out. And needless to say once the change takes place there will not be $35 rooms anymore. But, what I didn't know was none of the dealers or any of the workers for that matter will have a job at the new place. The new owners will be bringing all their own people. I found this out on out second day and ever since then, I tipped double what I normally do for drinks and even dealers. I wanted to give back just a little from all the great service we received from everyone the last 3 years. I did hear that Drai's will be taking over the place and turn into a mini-Cosmo. Don't get me wrong, we will stop in and check it out when it opens back up, but it just wont be the same ever. I just want to say thank you to everyone working there now and who has worked there in the past to make our stay so great. I wish you would be around a little while longer, but change is good. I just feel bad fr all the workers. I figured they could just get a dealer job at another resort, but one dealer told me that there are so many people dealing now, that most casinos have waiting lists now to even apply. With my parents living in Vegas, I know how hard it is right now to get a decent job in that city. We wish everyone well there at Bill's and want to thank you again for all the fun times.
4	This hotel is really good. They have maintained it really well. It's on the strip and close to Bellajio and Ceasar's Palace. The rooms are very good, spacious and worth every penny. I am sure I will book this one if I visit LV again. Only con is WiFi we need to pay extra $ from our pocket.
4	The name of this p[lace should clue you in that your are not in a Bellagio-esque establishment,  but hey there is nothing wrong with that. This place has low table limits for the strip, and there is most certainly nothing wrong with that. It is a bit smokey though. Worth a stop in while walking down the Las Vegas Strip. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	OK folks.  This is the best hotel on the strip.  We stay there once a month and the dealers are the best.. I'm bummed out that this place is changing the business model.  This casino was a profitable one and now they want to turn it into Hollywood Humplink. One last hoorah next weekend.
2	Stayed one night this week.  I think that the maintainance of the place is now been put on hold until it closes next month.  The room wasn't really dirty, but the premises are evidently being negleted.I couldnt check out because the woman running the counter was in the restroom and wasnt expected to return for about  5 minutes. This might have been a great bargain until a while ago, but now that it is in its death throws it is really a sad place.
2	So hopefully when this place gets renovated they give their staff a little renovation as well. I was given so much attitude by people it was ridiculous. The teller at the Cashier gave me attitude because I didn't have my ID when all I wanted to do was exchange a bill for some change. When I said I didn't have it she gave me a lecture on how I had to be 21 to even be on the floor and I should not be there. Well I'm 25 so I didn't need the lecture. Secondly one of the cocktail waitresses was super rude when didn't tip her enough. I didn't have small change or else I would have but as she walked away she muttered rude stuff about me then came back around and switched my drink with another one while slamming down. I won't be spending any more money here just because of these two people :(
3	I decided to stop into Bill's before it closes and have a look around for the memories.  I used to come here periodically to see Big Elvis, but when he moved to another Caesars' property, there's no reason to come here.I noticed when I was there that they had the Slush Bar and they have Slush Pong in the evenings.  Big Elvis' space is now used at times for karaoke.  As always, even though it's an odd garage, it was easier to park at Bill's and walk through and over to the Flamingo than fight the construction of Project Linq in the back.On the way back through Bill's, a gentleman was singing "If I Were a Rich Man" for his karaoke.  With that, I said a fond farewell with a smile to good old Bill's, a.k.a. the Barbary Coast.  Adios!
2	Ok, Vegas- this casino should be next on your death list (if it isn't already). I have never stayed here (I never would) but I have certainly walked through while passing by on the strip. And even in my most drunken stupors I have felt a little less than comfortable sitting on the old, stained casino chairs. Walking on the carpet inside is like a death wish in heels- strings pulled up, cigarette burn holes, etc. Not too mention how loud it is and the strange addition of beer pong which, to me, comes off as a feeble attempt to get the younger crowd in. This place just screams, "Hurry! Someone tear me down and start me over!" Perhaps the older crowd likes this place because it is sentimental. It has been around for a while and with all of the re-vamping the strip has had the last decade, it is a sight of familiarity and perhaps even some fond memories. BUT, times change, right? The best thing about this casino is that you can't get lost in it- you always know where the nearest exit back to the strip is!
3	Another classic bites the dust -- Bill's Gamblin' Hall closed for good yesterday. I know it wouldn't be Vegas if it wasn't always changing, but geez if the past couple years haven't been rough for the old standbys.The Sahara, the first hotel I ever stayed at on the strip, with its tiny Casbah Lounge, metalhead lifeguards, $1 blackjack and let-your-freak-flag-fly vibe: Gone.Imperial Palace (though I would never actually sleep there) with the most ghetto-fabulous casino on the strip, all chintzy Chinee themed with dealers dressed as dead celebrities: Gone. And now, Bill's Gamblin' Hall and Saloon, a monument to '70s tastelessness, with it's faux Old West chandeliers, $6 steaks and enough smoke to drive away George Burns: Gone. I understand that stuff needs updates and we can't freeze the past in amber, but c'mon -- do we really need another boutique hotel with $200 rooms and a nightclub called Za or Xe or Qi? What's next? Tearing down the Flamingo and replacing it with an Embassy Suites? Turn the Luxor into a W?I'm gonna make a great grandpa someday. See ya on the flippy, Bill's.
4	So sad to see this place go and be replaced by yet another botique hotel! Its a smaller hotel great staff, good drinks, beer pong, slush bar, cheapest tables on the main strip! What more could a person want when staying in vegas how about huge rooms, super soft beds, close parking.... It had all that too! I'd give them 5 starts but after speaking with 15-20 staff members we learned only 5% of the entire staff would be transfered out to the other 8 hotel properties also owned by the Caesars company! What a joke 95% laid off!!! I met a lady who had been there 33 years and 3 others with more than 20 years with this hotel and all were laid off! So Sad! The hotel will be closed for 18 months for the renovations and all 95% of the employees got screwed over. Very sad to see a company with great employees not treat the employees great....
5	I'm sad.   Bill's is a classic casino/hotel that I never wanted to change.    Those cheap pitchers of beer will likely suffer the infamous Strip price gauge when the new place comes up.   I am more of a downtown Vegas girl.  And now that they're erasing the trashtasticness of center strip, Downtown is where I'll stay.   I'm lucky to have had Cook E. Jarr sing the first GLORIOUS dance I had with my husband as a married couple at Bill's.   That memory is all I need.
5	So sad, to see one of the few old school joints left on the strip be turned into yet another cookie cutter "Boutique" hotel. BORING! Sometimes you just wanna get away from the pretentious nightclubs and $15 drinks. Sometimes you just wanna kick back in a dive bar atmosphere, drink some 99 cent margaritas, listen to some bad karaoke, and meet some people who just don't give a shit about being cool.We'll miss you Bills!
5	We will miss you Billy. You rapid craps and $1 miller high life's will forever be in our hearts. The dealers of rapid craps were awesome!
1	Don't ever go here ... They are frauds ... Charged me extra 100 bucks from what I booked online.
4	Totally renovated.  Appears Bill's is gone for good!
1	Easy to take players money when people buy in a no limit table with 20 bucks place was a dump it needs to remain closed!
1	A small dumpy filthy casino that doesn't even deserve to be a downtown casino, but here it is in the middle of mid-strip, likely one of the greatest location of Vegas.  They are renovating it; they really need to tear it down and completely replace it.  Modifying it will be futile.
