4	Best samosas I've had in Las Vegas.  Samosa were not greasy, had good flavor and did not skimp on the meat/filling.  Good dipping chutneys too.  Retired couple run the place.  The Wife is friendly.  The husband...well you got to warm up to him first ;-).  I always go for the Lamb Samosas which my non-Indian/Pakistani friends/co-workers also enjoy.
4	Atif is right - it is definitely the best samosa I've ever had - I've had the beef, chicken and veggie. Very tasty, fresh and hot. It doesn't look like much from the outside. But it very well is a full indian restaurant. I really like the Na an bread with garlic or onions here. Very tasty. Plus this is one of my favorite places for Tandoori chicken. I've yet to try the curry because I'm a creature of habit with indian food. I mean don't get me wrong - I really like the spices -and spicey. You know the prices have gone up? Regardless it's still good. Definitely worth it. The staff is friendly and patient - I mean I had a white dude with me and she didn't even get mad because after 3 visits he got what I got :)
5	I wanted to go to Panda Express (one entrance east).I just wanted to get something quick while running an errand and scooting back to the conference I was attending.30 minutes later, my belly was full of 2 veggie samosas and full veggie thali and I was a happy boy.I don't dig raitha, so they sub'd aloo gobi without asking me. How did they know? Could they read my mind? Amazing!(possibly) Sad News: I chatted with the owners and they admitted that they were selling the place. When that happens, I sure hope the lucky inheritor of this establishment continues their fine tradition.
1	Don't go by the name, This place has nothing to do with Samosa. You can find better Samosa in any indian restaurant.This place is run by an old couple. Old guy is very rude, and greedy. Food is not that great either. Saag Paneer was just boiled spinach with hard paneer on top of it. Malai Kofta was good, but seemed stale. Paneer butter masala was a shame. Naan is good though.Everything is over priced, and low in quantity. No lunch buffet, and they are closed on Sundays.We had to go to Taco Bell after spending $60 on lunch for 3 people here. i wouldn't mind paying more than $20/person on lunch if the enviironment is good enough. I don't know how come they are surviving, probably tourists come here for the "Samosa factory" name and also its close to the strip. Locals would never go to this place again.And the owner/place is not kid friendly at all. He was complaining all the time about the little food my kid dropped. We literally had to clean the floor and table when we left.All the other 5 star reviews seem made up, Look at the reviews at following links to get the real sense of this place:http://lasvegas.citysearch.com/review/40011059/1953150http://lasvegas.citysearch.com/review/40011059/1945476http://lasvegas.citysearch.com/review/40011059/1650151http://lasvegas.citysearch.com/review/40011059/2026010Worst Indian restaurant in Vegas!  09/06/2007 Posted by sk10022000I agree with the previous reviewer. Easily the worst Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. It is not even authentic Indian food. They try to be cute and make it taste like fusion food, but fail with astonishing zeal. Quoting a Woody Allen one-liner, "Food is terrible, and portions are so small". They add gratuity whether you liked the service or not. Way overpriced. Even in more expensive metros like SFO or NYC, you do not have pay this much for a meal at an ordinary shopping strip Indian restaurant. It's no Gaylord India or Bombay Palace (Wilshire Bvld Beverly Hills), yet costs so much. What gives? The owners (husband and wife team) serve customers sometimes. They are curt and glum. A less forgiving person might think these folks are just plain rude. Hope this review is helpful. Cheers!Would not go again  05/12/2006 Posted by pzippy1I was really excited to find that Samosa Factory was so close by. I called and ordered and drove down to pick it up. I ordered enough for dinner and leftovers for the next day. The manager was very nice when I picked up the food. When I got home, I was more than disappointed. The samosas were edible but barely. Though I must say the chutney was rather good. The lamb korma was not good. The naan was pretty good. But the worst was the spinach (saag) paneer. To say it was an atrocity would be a compliment. I had one bite and couldn't stomach anymore. It was awful. I finished the samosas and the naan and little rice and threw the rest away. If you are looking for good indian in Las Vegas, keep looking, because this isn't it. AVOID IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HORRIBLE FOOD AND OWNER  05/19/2007 Posted by susan_tyits the worst restaurant that I have tried. Went there after looking at the reviews at Citysearch, but was utterly disappointed. The owner refused to give an extra plate to my husband to share the rice pilaf, he wanted us to dig in the servers plate . apart from that the food was horrible !!!! . It looked like the food was days old, we got a stomachache after eating that. The gratuity is added on check, even if you do not want to leave a a tip after a horrible service. The owner even fought with us over this issue.. Please stay away from this place... the food is horrible.......and place stinks..Samosa Factory: worst indian food...  05/30/2007 Posted by barbara123Samosa Factory: This is one of the worst indian restaurant in L.V. If one is looking for a good indian food ,this is not the right place. Owner behave very rudely especially who are new to the place. We noticed that he behave politely who are his frequent diner. Named Samosa Factory but serves worst samosas. They might be making fresh food everyday but leftovers are also served and we had this experience. We eat indian food quite often but never ate such food. It seems they serve days old food. Never ever visit this place. Cons: worst food and service
4	The name says it all.  You must order a samosa...and you will enjoy it.  The main entrees are pretty good too!  My wife is a saag fan..its all she gets and it was quite good here.
4	I like that they have lots of vegetarian options. We always eat too much when we go there. We average a $45 tab (for two peeps). Items may be a little pricey, but we're more than willing to support small mom and pop digs like this. The husband (I'm assuming) is a little dry, but c'mon, does that really affect the food? The few times we've been there, we had the veggie samosas served up hot with chutney, papadum, paneer palak, shrimp korma, shrimp curry, paneer korma, and sweet rice for dessert. The sweet rice was great. Not too sweet, but I did have to pick our potent chunks of cinnamon and clove. All of the entrees were great. Savory and loaded with flavor in the classic Indian fashion. I also tried the mango lassi, which is really sweet and quite large and my bf had the plain lassi, which he said was perfectly tangy (but he doesn't like things too sweet). Maybe the shrimp curry was lacking a little. But the korma is always great, if you like creamy coconutty sauces. When we go in around noon, there's no one there, but by the time we leave, there's like four other parties. I love taking my time here. I never feel rushed. Every one that comes to drop our food or refill our water is always smiling and friendly. * off the strip, non-casino
1	This is a pretty bad...okay a really bad Indian restaurant.  It was a horrible experience, I don't even know where to start.  The food was bad, the server had no knowledge of what was on the menu and the interior was like a fast food restaurant. Plus...being from the south I'm not knocking a southern accent, but I don't want my server to say "hey y'all what's in this dish?"
4	You know what's cool about this spot? They don't play the typical world beat tabla bullshit that's played in most Indian restaurants. They play jazz. And I don't mean smooth jazz, I mean Coltrane and Miles Davis jazz. The food is not traditional Indian, but fresh and tasty nonetheless. Good parathas, samosas (obviously), garlic naan, vege biryani, salted lassis, fantastic okra, and really fresh tasting saag paneer. They also sell mason jars of homemade chutney, which are pricey but the chili chutney is surprisingly hot and flavorful. By far the best place for vegetarian Indian food in Vegas. Now, for the less desirable aspects of this spot... I am almost positive that they use MSG as a flavor enhancer in their food (a farley typical practice in Indian cuisine), because I invariably end up with a headache/nausea after eating here. The owners, a married couple, aren't terribly friendly, and the "dead pan" husband can be downright alienating at times. I would recommend this place as a nice take out spot with the caveat that if you are sensitive to MSG you may want to avoid altogether.
5	EXCELLENT- the Absolute BEST Garlic Naan, Raita, Samosas we've had - light, great seasoning and right on 'target' - we had the vegetable korma and the mattar paneer - perfect and just the right level of spices.  Our favorite Indian is Ajanta in Berkeley and the Red Fort in London - but the Samosa Factory can give either a run for their money.  We're looking forward to our next trip to Las Vegas so we can go back twice or three times during our stay - our only regret is that we found it on our last night in town.
5	Yummy Veggie friendly food! The owner is very nice, and very friendly! Best Chutney in Vegas...See for yourself! This place is bomb diggity!=oP
4	I'm from Central New Jersey, otherwise known as Mumbai West, where authentic Indian restaurants are three-deep in every single strip mall.  Indian food is my favorite ethnic cuisine, so I know good Indian when I eat it.  And Samosa Factory is that good!This was our first visit, and it's now our new favorite Vegas Indian restaurant.  The food was terrific, the service outstanding, and the waitress, Katie, was friendly, helpful, and attentive.  Just as important, we were made to feel welcome, by her, as well as by the owner.We started with veggie samosas.  I love them, but don't often order them, because they're usually heavy and greasy.  Not here.  The pastry covering was light and flaky, the filling was fresh and delicious, and it was one helluva stuffed samosa.  The accompanying coriander sauce was the best I've ever had, and the chutney had a deliciously different taste.We had Chicken Tikka, which was cut in bite-sized pieces and mixed with green and yellow peppers, onions, and an assortment of flavorful spices.  The dish was brimming with flavor, and happily, it didn't have the overwhelming heaviness that I always dread at Indian restaurants.  My nit with this dish is that we were sharing it, so presenting it on a small, flat plate made it a bit difficult to transfer to our own plates. We also shared a Chicken & Spinach Curry.  I hesitated before ordering it, expecting the spinach to be drowning in cream and ghee.  It wasn't.  And the cubes of chicken were the most tender I've ever had.The Onion Nan had an abundance of onion and again, was lighter and less greasy than I expected.  We also ordered a side of Raita.  I was intrigued by the description, which said that the yogurt was mixed with Granny Smith apple.  Hmm, different.  And it was; the apple added a slight sweetness, and was the perfect complement to the tanginess of the yogurt.  It was the outstanding accompaniment for the Chicken Tikka.  The Mango Lassi was great, too.  (Be aware that the restaurant has no liquor license.  But if you must drink, you can get sloshed before or after at PT's Pub a few doors down.  I suspect Kristin B. did just that before writing her ridiculous non-review).The entrees were served with rice; the menu had the word "pilaf" blacked out, and the rice was plain, white rice.  This was a first for me, and it didn't make me ecstatic:  I missed the grilled onion and great flavor that a good rice pilaf - with basmati rice - should have.  But this is a small price to pay for a wonderful dinner that will otherwise please your palate, and not make you feel as if your Fat and Calorie Quota has exceeded the National Debt.  All in all, this was a memorable meal, and one that we look forward to repeating very soon.
4	I'm a huge fan! The owner(s) have been there every time I've gone, which I think is important. The food is authentic and well priced. While waiting for my Indian take out order that has always been the exact same, they offered me to try something they thought I'd enjoy. How many places do that? It is now the only thing I order and it's not even on the menu! Wonderful people and service. A MUST TRY RESTAURANT =)
5	Fantastic food, very friendly staff. Rivals the best Indian food in other places in Vegas , but very inexpensive. Sad, lonely plain looking location so don't go to impress a date unless she is cool enough to appreciate good food.They serve northern Indian style cuisine. No buffet. Just fresh home cooked Indian food.
3	I drove crosstown in hopes of discovering something extraordinary. What I found in this small restaurant was decent. The decor was nicer than I expected. As a "hole in the wall" kind of place, the restaurant was cozy and had a nice warm color scheme. Chairs and tables were basic and the wait staff was nice. However, nice isn't enough. There were 2 other tables besides mine and service felt incredibly slow. We ordered a lamb samosa appetizer which was probably the best dish of the evening. The meat was a little too lumpy, but the seasoning was delicious.Then we waited for what felt like twice as long as it should have been for our entrees to arrive. And my pappadums didn't come as an appetizer but as a side dish with the entrees when I reminded our server.Communication between the two people working front of the house seemed to be lacking. With just 2 other tables besides ours, we were asked twice at the beginning if we wanted any beverages. It just makes me wonder what they would do when they have a full house. They might be weeded with 5 tables!I had the spinich paneer and it was a little bland but the portion was good and the dish was generous on the paneer. The chicken korma was quite flavorful though the one scoop of rice I got on a plate felt a bit chintzy. Presentation of a single scoop of white rice on a white round plate placed in front of a diner could use a little color. Even if it were a sprig of something green for decoration.All in all, the experience was fine. If service were better, I might have given this place 4 stars. But it just goes to show, service is very important to dining out.  Though I  won't rush back to this restaurant, I hope they do well in the future.
3	pretty good food.  not authentic indian - definitely a little westernized but still great flavors.  the food was a little pricy - wasn't convinced it was worth the price but it was worth trying.
5	I love this place, Rick the new owner is very accomodating.  My friend from England always has to visit samosa when she is here, her fav dish is chicken korma, mine is veggie kofta with mahkni sauce.  They have great lunch specials too!
4	I really like this place. The restaurant recently changed ownership, and I think that the change has brought it up from a three star restaurant to four. The samosas went from being somewhat bland to nicely spiced. The service is a lot better (very attentive) too. The food is a bit westernized, and all the Indian dishes that Americans know are definitely on the menu (tikka masala, anyone?). Then again, food is all about fusion and mixing cultures, so who am I to complain? Plus, it's all pretty yummy. The portions and prices are excellent. The best part is that they have a rather impressive Vegetarian menu as well as a separate Vegan menu. I'm neither a vegetarian nor a vegan, but I have many friends who are not meat-eaters, so this is a place where we can go and actually eat together without making strange requests.The new owners like to experiment with their recipes and try new things - they are very open with their process, and I like that.
4	The bad news: I was in Las Vegas. The good news: I wasn't on the strip. The bad news: The temperature at our hotel near the strip was averaging 106 degrees. The good news: It was somewhat cooler at Red Rock Canyon. The bad news: We were hungry and had about a thousand miles of suburbs between us and that Indian restaurant I was meaning to try I'd seen advertised at every bus stop in town. The good news: We never made it to that place...Okay. Enough news.About halfway (or more) back to the strip from Red Rock Canyon my stomach stopped grumbling and started screaming at me to eat. "Now!" Whenever my stomach gets louder than the voices in my head I start to get worried. I was scanning the restaurantscape through Las Vegas' suburbs for anything that wouldn't have gluten in it. (Hi there. In case we haven't been introduced, I'm Silly Ack. I don't eat gluten.) Continuing down Charleston I considered my options. KFC...nope. IHOP...nope. VI...nope. DD...nope. DQ...um, maybe after dinner. Nobody in the suburbs has time for restaurants with actual names anymore. We only get initials now.I dodged (or in my case, Toyotaed) South to Sahara and continued East figuring Mr. Stomach would just have to wait till we got to that Indian place across town. Note to celiacs, Indian places are notorious for not having gluten in most of their entrees. Not to mention Indian food in general's pretty damn yummy anyway. Just ask your waiter for gluten-free options. If the restaurant 'gets it', they'll be very helpful. If you get a dumb look instead of helpfulness, back away slowly. The restaurants actually cooking their food fresh and not getting spice mixes and prepackaged ingredients will point out all the entrees without gluten and point you away from things like breads and samosas..."Did I just see the word Samosa? That sounds Indian!" I skidded my rental car around a full one eighty and hammered it back to Samosa Factory. Thanks, Hertz! ...like it's on rails. "Forget about that other Indian place, this looks like an Indian restaurant and it's right here in front of us which makes it the best Indian place in town!"There was no buffet, an immediate brownie point for the Factory. I respect a place that makes me order from a menu so they can cook it up fresh. I was already ignoring the menu's samosas even before our helpful waiter told me to avoid the samosas along with the other gluten ruined food. It's a bummer not being able to try their namsake, kind of like being a vegeterian in a steak house, but I probably wouldn't have gotten samosas anyway. So there. Instead we got Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Gobi, and Okra. I think some places call the okra dish Bhindi Masala which sounds like it's got a lot more to it than just okra. SF's (Samosa Factory, not San Francisco) Okra's got a lot more to it than just okra, so to avoid confusion I'll call it Okra (Bhindi Masala), or, since we're in the suburbs, SF's (SF n SF) O (BM).Our entrees were mind blowingly tasty. Spiced about as medium as we'd hedged on when ordering them. Whether you want no spice or burn your face off hot, they'll oblige. Just be specific when you order. The only problem was that there was not enough rice so the end of each entree ended up flying solo on our plates. A rather soupy, saucy solo. As an encore we had Kheer, which is rice pudding. I guess we still had rice on our minds after not getting enough rice with dinner. It was good, but I have to admit after having Kheer at Punjab (a SF (not SF but SF) restaurant where they load their kheer up with huge amounts of cardamom, pistachio and almonds) I found it a little bland, like rice pudding. Admittedly Samosa Factory's kheer is probably how proper kheer should taste so I'll shut up. (psst, hey chef at SF (not SF)...try the kheer at Punjab next time you're in SF (not SF).) The good thing is after all that great Indian food for dinner and dessert there was no more stomach screaming, and it was in no way necessary for us to turn back West toward DQ.We did, however venture back out to Samosa Factory the next afternoon just to make sure it was really as good as we thought it was. It was.I have been to vegeterian Indian restaurants (reader, meet my review of Masalaa, My review of Masalaa, this is my new friend, reader) and have been to many omnivore Indian restaurants, all of which had vegeterian sections on their menus (because there's a lot of vegetables in India, silly), but I've never been to an Indian restaurant that seperated their vegeterian section into "Vegeterian" and "Vegan" sections. Pretty smart and cutting edge. I think these guys are on the technological forefront of U.S. style (not U.S. but ...oh, never mind!) Indian dining. Be on the lookout for them to launch a fast-casual version of this restaurant in hundreds of cities by the end of Q4 (that's the fourth quarter for those of you not familiar with betting on football at the office).If not, you didn't hear it here first.-Silly Ack
5	I discovered The Samosa Factory after doing a web search when I arrived in Vegas for business.  I grew up eating Indian food and eat it at least once a week at my local Tandoori.I was surprised to find so many Indian restaurants in my search but was delighted to pick TSF.The food is all freshly cooked using great natural ingredients and the service is warm and friendly. The vegetarian options are great (I'm a veggie) and the vegan and meat lists extensive also..I ate there twice on my last trip and again this evening when I was back in town with my son and his friends to celebrate his 21st.  They all loved it and are eating the copious leftovers right now in their room. We'll definitely be back - thanks!
5	A friend recommended the restaurant. Don't let the name fool you. I found the interior upscale. The staff was very friendly, even when I sent the iced tea back. I hate chai tea. I had the butter chicken which was out of this world. For dessert the rice pudding, fantastic. It had cinnamon and fresh blueberries on it. My friend had the coconut chicken which I tried also. Hard to choose between the two which I liked more.
2	Great food. But for whatever reason owner has  really racist attitude with actual Indians. Not sure why. Twice I went there and left 20% tip but every single time as soon as he will see us or for that matter any other indian family visiting vegas you can see On his face. Don't racially profile people. I must say that this is best chat samosa we ever had in US.
5	Samosa Factory ha being reborn with a savior fare in their dishes that have me dreaming of my next meal there, the food is flavor-full yet light on the stomach  unlike typical Indian cuisine that tends to be way to greasy and the spices seem to hit your stomach and make u want to fall asleep with nightmares. I will be coming back more often now specially for lunch since their prices are as good as any joints around town. Make sure to try their rice pudding it is so simple and so delightful makes me have daydreams on how good it is, but try for yourself and enjoy the rebirth of this great local spot....Njoy
1	Had passed this place on our way to Hedary's Restaurant & registered in our heads. Later the same evening after doing Hoover Dam, needed a snack. Samosa being a good snack thought about Samosa Factory.With a name like that, Samosa should be the signature dish, right? That's what we thought. Ordered 2 sides / 4 Vegetarian samosas as a take out & rushed to hotel to relax & enjoy the Samosas with some nice indian tea. What a let down!! Good amount of filling, no doubt, but absolutely bland. No taste at all. Just boiled potatoes! Half a samosa consumed - rest relegated to trash.   Don't think we will be visiting this place again, nor recommend it to anyone. Thorough let down.We are: Indians - as in BombayFrom: GeorgiaHere for: week vacation
4	I've been hearing good things about the Samosa Factory for years, but had yet to make it over there until tonight.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's really cozy & cute inside.  The tables & chairs leave a bit to be desired, but they really did a lot with the decor to improve the ambiance.We ordered Chicken Vindaloo & Hot & Sour Chicken, which were both good.  The vindaloo was awesome, really spicy & delicious. The hot & sour chicken was good, but all the sesame seeds in the sauce were a bit much for me texture-wise.  I also had a hot chai, which was perfect.  The owner came by and talked to us, asking us what we thought of the place and how we'd heard of it.  He was really nice and made me feel very welcome and appreciated as a new customer.  Also, they were playing great music.  Right after finishing my meal, while sipping on my tea my favorite My Morning Jacket song came on - it was a really nice moment.
2	Went here yesterday for lunch.  It was ok.  If you like samosas they were good here.  Other than that I've had better Indian food.  They have plenty of vegetarian and vegan entrees though, so if you're vegan or have a friend who is then I would reccomend this place, but Tamba and Ghandi are better. The place is pretty small too so dont go with a big group.  Also it was full of white people (Im white too) but thats kind of a giveaway that its not as authentic as other places because I did not see one Indian eating there...
3	It seems that everyone is in agreement that the food at The Samosa Factory is not bad. The degrees to which people like it seem to vary.My wife and I ate here for dinner one night and found the food to be "good" without being outstanding. Portions were small, even by the usual standard of Indian restaurants and the total came to close $70 for the both of us for a couple of appetizers a couple of main meals and some naan.Overall there's a reasonably tasty meal to have here, but for a tiny and sparsely decorated restaurant located in an unremarkable strip mall I expect a lot more bang for my buck.One of the few Vegas Indian establishments not to offer a lunch buffet.
4	Great tasting and healthy Indian!  Well, supposedly healthy because they said they don't use Ghee.  Ghee==gross pure fat.  But the food was definitely delicious!!!!  And reasonably priced, too!  Will definitely be going back when craving some hot n' spicy Indian food...
4	This is quite possibly one of my favorite little indulgences. It's quaint, family owned, and their dedication to serving quality meals is very obvious.I absolutely love their veggie samosas and tikka masala. Not sure if they serve the watermelon shrimp dish anymore, but the flavors were completely unique and amazing. If they still serve it, ORDER IT. You will not be disappointed.The Samosa Factory is very vegetarian-friendly and uses fresh ingredients. The staff is so polite and welcoming here. My only complaint is that I wish the dining area was just a little bigger.
5	Best indian restaurant i have ever had! Being indian i am very picky And know what good indian food is.. This place has exceptional service and the menu has options for everyone: vegan, vegetarians, meatatarians, and even halal options.On the downside, I would not reccomend this place on a busy Friday or Saturday night because they are usually understaffed.
4	This restaurant is one of my favorite places for comfort food. I have known Rick for a long time and I love his cooking and how personable he is. His restaurant reflects his passion and kindness. It is a great place for lunches and group parties for dinner. Many nights have I savored the delicious Butter Chicken!! On busy nights its good to be patient, as sometimes there are very little staff with Rick doing most all the work (bless his heart!) The service is great and it's a great atmosphere to dine. You gotta try the hot chai tea to help digest all that great Indian food! I love it here and take all my friends out when they come visit Las Vegas, it is truly a gem!!!
5	I don't know what happened between my visit(s) and the ones where people are hatin' on the samosas.... because I had some of the best samosas I've ever tasted here! (And that includes homemade ones by some very talented Pakistani cooks.)  They were obviously made-to-order, as they came out piping hot and crisp.  And the chutney! MY GOD THE CHUTNEY. Had I not been in public, I would have licked the bowl clean.  They have much of the standard Indian fare, but one dish that is unusual is the fresh spinach curry.  I've never had anything like it! Barely-wilted tender baby spinach leaves in a delicately spiced tomato sauce (not bland, but not your typical Indian-curry-taste either; and definitely not spicy).  Ask for it hot if you crave the heat.Love love LOVE that they have a whole section of specifically vegan entrees and that anything on the menu that is vegan is clearly marked.  No guesswork!Reasonably priced lunch specials ($6.95), great food, good service... my only complaint is that they're not closer to work or home!
5	OMG so good! I'm the pickiest eater in the world, and I discovered Indian food at a different restaurant. I came to Samosa Factory, because a friend of mine suggested it...and I was WOWed. The food was AWESOME! The prices were also affordable!! Love it!
4	One of the best Indian restaurants in town!  They do serve the best rice pudding.  Reasonable prices.  I usually order the chicken tikka masala or the lamb korma.  Great quality food.  Their sauces are rich and creamy.  I think each entree is good for 2 people (depending on how hungry you are, but I've always been stuffed sharing an entree).  Small restaurant, but great service.
3	Food was OK. They prepare food based on Vegan style. Food was not very authentic as i had hoped it to be. It's a good place if you are looking for simple indian food and not for spicy, masala food.
5	I've been to several of the more popular Indian restaurants in Vegas, and this is by far my favourite!  Samosas are always fresh and flavourful, with a nice mix of subtle spices that is well-complimented by a selection of chutneys!  Hot, crispy perfection!  The Lamb Korma is pure curry heaven, too.  The boneless lamb is always tender and super-tasty, with creamy sauce over fresh garlic naan and aromatic basmati rice.  Is your mouth watering yet?  Then get off the Internet and into your car.  Head down to Samosa Factory for the best Indian food Vegas has to offer RIGHT NOW!!  :-)
1	I visited this place with high hopes, since they rave about it on the local NPR affiliate station. It's tiny, which wasn't so bad except for our table was right behind the door. Kinda annoying. The staff (seemingly non-indian) seemed kind-of annoyed that they were so busy that night. We got our food, which tasted like cardboard. Vegetarian isn't supposed to mean flavorless in my opinion. The check was brought before we asked for it.  When we asked for some more rice to supplement the one cup that the three of us shared, they took the bill back (along with the credit card) to charge us an additional dollar. I'm serious.Skip this one and go to India Palace on Twain, or Mint on Flamingo instead...
3	I can't really compare their Samosas to the rest of the world's, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. I tried the vegetarian and the lamb. I ended up preferring the vegetarian; though I love lamb, I found the fluffy potatoes and the bite of the peas inside the crunchy shell really enjoyable. The lamb samosa seemed a bit dry and flavorless.I ordered the chicken tikka masala, to use as a standard of measure. I've had several versions by now and enjoyed most of them a bit more than this. I felt that this one was pretty mediocre, with big tough chunks of chicken in a lot of runny sauce. The amount of rice they give is a single bowlful per entree, which is OK if it's one person but wouldn't be enough to feed both my boyfriend and I. I'm not sure if they charge for the additional portions of rice, but it would be worth asking if you order more. Also, I like spicy food. A lot! I initially ordered the Extra hot version of the dish, which the server assured me would be extremely hot. "Face melting"-ly so. I eventually backed down to just the "hot". I ended up being very disappointed by the overall heat level. The other diner in the party who ordered a hot dish agreed in that her dish wasn't particularly spicy, either. The overall flavor wasn't too impactful- initially it had a nice creeper heat, but it hit a mid-note and then mellowed out. There were a few pieces of fresh herbs floating about in the orange sauce, which is a nice touch. Their rice had a good texture. I like that they have clearly marked and distinguished menus for vegetarians and vegans. I'd be willing to give them another chance if someone wanted us to go, but they're out of my way and didn't particularly impress me the first time around. I liked that their iced chai tea was served without milk or creamer, making it a lot lighter and more refreshing. I'd never had it straight like that and it was nice. Another diner tried the mango lassi and didn't like it. It was then offered on to any willing participants and eventually found it's way into a garbage can several miles away and melted...
5	I ate at Samosa Factory twice last week.  Both times trying different Lamb dishes.  They were both outstanding!  I also couldn't help ordering multiple portions of the Garlic Naan both visits.  Rick and his staff do a phenomenal job.  The kitchen and dining room are small and inviting, unlike so many other places in Las Vegas.  Rick is also very knowledgeable, quality driven and friendly.  This place is somewhere you should check out and frequent often.  It is hard to find a small owner driven place like this in Vegas and we need to support the good ones out there.
5	Great authentic little sleepy Indian place. Outstanding service and great food.
5	5 Stars.  The complaints about the food being bland are valid BUT only because they cook all the food mild be default, it says in the menu to ask for spicy if you like some kick.  I can understand this but didn't see the section in the menu mentioning it so we got our food mild and it was certainly mild!  Great food though, very light, not heavy like most Indian restaurants and coming from an indian family I know my indian food well.  Looking forward to going again and asking for some "kick." Had:Veggie Samosas (good chutneys)Papadum (also good)Chai (excellent!!!!)Saag Paneer (Very good, pretty sure the paneer was fresh also and not the Indian grocery store Verka/Dhawat/Nanak prepakaged)Chicken Tikka Masala (good, needs kick though there was no "tikka"skipped desert was too fullTotal cost was under 50 bucks with tip/tax will definately go again!
4	Amazing place! I love that feeling of a "family owned" business off the strip and not a franchise. The owner, Richard , is amazing. He is very interactive with the customer and remembered my friend's order from last time he was there. That just shows you how amazingly attentive he is. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Spinach, Shrimp Curry, and tons of their Garlic Naan. I also ordered their Mango Lassi for my drink and it was just amazing! I could not stop drinking it! If you like Indian food, this is a great great great place to try out. They also have a vegan menu too!!!!
4	I love me some vegan friendly Indian food and the chutneys were awesome.5 stars for the service and the samosas and chutneys. The samosas were delicious and had a great flakey outside with a little bit of salt that made them really pop. The service was great and super friendly.3 stars for the rest of the food. The entrees were a little under spiced and over salted. This may be because we were not asked about spice levels when we ordered so we got generic bland style. The eggplant, which is a favorite at most places, was our least favorite. It was a bit over pureed and had little spices. Out of the entrees, the fresh spinach curry was a standout, it had a great flavor.With your dinner you are only served a small scoop of rice on the plate, which was not enough for a second helping of food. Since I wanted spicier food, I asked for something hot to put in and was brought a chili paste that added a good kick to the food.I will still highly recommend this place and will be back in order to get some spicy food which I think will be much better. I am looking forward to giving this place a 5 star review next time.
4	This place had great atmosphere--a perfect gem in the wall. It's not a huge restaurant but that's what makes the service better. The staff was very hospitable and attentive. We met the manager Rick, who is the most sweetest, humble guy. It's great for groups of 5-8, but I went with a party of 16, which slowed the timing of the food. (Totally understandable--since they aren't use to such a large party). The food portions are family style, and are reasonably priced ($6-$18) We ordered their signature samosas (2 kinds: beef & veggie) that's served with 8 different kinds of dipping sauces (my favorite is the green cilantro one), the butter chicken (yummy creamy tomato curry), the lamb koran (coconut curry), chicken koran, garlic naan, sweet & spicy chicken, tandoori chicken (sooo good!), and a couple more curry dishes-- which I can't remember the name. Everything was really good, and this was my first time eating indian food. All the dishes were very flavorful. Also!! Try their mango ladee drink (it's a creamy yogurt smoothie) and also their signature rice pudding for dessert. Indian food is my new addiction, thanks to Samosa Factory :D~
5	This is the restaurant I go to whenever I travel to Las Vegas on business.   I'm clearly not the only person who feels this way, because I overheard someone at the next table say the same thing.  It has great food and it's a very friendly place. There aren't many vegetarian options in Las Vegas, and this is the best I found.  It even has an extensive Vegan menu, which is extremely rare.  I tried a few of these and they were all excellent.  I particularly liked the turnip dish.  A real treat.  I haven't seen it anywhere else.The decor is simple and not luxurious, but it's comfortable and it's a pleasant place to visit.The owner is not Indian, but is passionate about Indian food and obviously has a strong affinity for Indian culture, which to my mind gives the restaurant an intriguing blend of Indian and American culture.
5	**** The BEST NAAN BREAD IN TOWN!!! ****This is by far my most favorite Indian food place in Vegas. I've been to many and in my opinion you need to go the restaurant that makes the dish you like the best. My 2 favorite dishes are Chicken Korma and the Shrimp Vindaloo. This place makes these dishes off the hook! I've had these at other Indian restaurants here in Vegas and they just don't match up. Even though I don't like the lamb here I'm still giving them a 5 because they make my favorite dishes the best. The garlic naan is by far the best I've had too....
5	INCREDIBLE!My husband and I aren't too familiar with Indian food so we didn't really know what to expect... pleasantly surprised would be a complete understatement. It is a small, cozy, and warm environment. We were immediately greeted by who we think was the owner. He was extremely friendly and informative for newbies like us. He suggested the kameer rather than the hot and sour chicken. Boy oh boy were we glad that he did. It was one of the best dishes I've tasted! We were super excited to try the naan after reading all of the reviews. Everyone was spot on! So delicious! At the end of the meal he surprised us with a generous sampling of the rice pudding. WOW! IT WAS SOOOOO GOOD! :DNeedless to say, we will be back very soon to enjoy more delicious samosas, pakora, kameer, naan, and excellent rice pudding. I would have rated 6 stars if I had the option.Mmmm mmmm mmmm! :)
2	A hit and a miss. We went here looking at the reviews and were disappointed. Don't get me wrong, if you're new to Indian food (like many reviewers here seem to be) you'll probably like it. Unfortunately for Samosa Fake-tory, we've had our share of good Indian food and Samosa Factory isn't it.First off, to the uninitiated, samosas look and taste nothing like the one's you find here. I mean, not even close! Google samosas and you will see what they look like. After our samosas, we ordered the thalis (sort of an Indian mixed plate) and the naan (fluffy, delicious Indian bread) was great. I didn't like the saag (mustard leaf) but my SO did. Neither of us liked the chicken curry or the potatoes and cauliflower. Contrary to popular claim, the rice wasn't basmati. You can't ever go wrong with mango lassi (mango flavored yogurt drink) and that probably was the best part of our meal. In summary, our food was okay but the alien samosa was a massive FAIL. If you've never had a samosa please do yourself a favor and grab one from an authentic Indian restaurant. You will not regret it.May I recommend Gandhi's on Paradise Road or Tamba on the strip for the most authentic and best Indian food in town?Positives - The service was good. Our server, who I think is also the owner, seemed like a genuinely nice guy.
4	Not your typical indian restaurant. Small seating area. The food was surprising, again not typical indian. Food was tasteful but not burdened with spices.
5	I love this place!  I eat there every other weekend.  Garlic naan is to die for. The food is excellent and so is the service.
5	Sooooo yummy! They have a great vegan menu and the people who own it are so nice. We ate dinner there and asked the guy if we could order some to go since we were moving and had no food in the house. He made us a bag full of stuff with about triple the amount of rice and lots of extra sauces (at no extra charge) along with paper plates and plastic forks which was a godsend since all our dishes were packed up. It's a small thing but I thought it was very thoughtful of them and it was a big deal to us.
5	Paneer that melts in your mouth, YUM!  Spicing that is mild and yet has wonderful complex flavor to it.    Restful atmosphere, attentive service and fresh food with little oil.  So good that I went back a few days later for another meal.  Was thrilled to see so many Vegan as well as vegetarian options here.    Have eaten at lots of Indian restaurants in the Bay Area and Vegas, and this is my favorite of all.  Looking forward to my next visit to Vegas and coming here!!
5	Samosa Factory is where I go to read a book, eat something delicious and feel taken care of after I've had a crap day. If you're a spice fiend, be clear and firm about your desired spice level. Otherwise, it's pretty tame. I wouldn't say bland, but if you enjoy crying while you eat, you will be disappointed.I especially love: their Veggie Samosa Chaat, their samosas (duh), the Hot & Sour Chicken, their naan and oh my god, I love their khir. No matter how full, I always cram in an order of khir.
4	I don't have much to add to the comments of previous reviewers, but: This place is delicious, and the fact it has a good sized vegan menu but also serves meat things is a boon for carnivores like me that want to be able to dine with their vegan friends.Oh yeah! And the chocolate cherry samosa that we had for dessert was to die for.
5	I was debating on giving this place four stars instead of five, but I couldn't help to give it five because of the hospitality, uniqueness, and deliciousness of the cuisine. This is definitely a gem worth seeking in Las Vegas if you want something different.I'm a newbie at Indian cuisine. The menu was at first overwhelming because a lot of the items I was largely unfamiliar with (names and all), but the eggplant, onion, and tomato happened to stand out to me (and it was really the neighboring table that made me make my decision). I received more than a plentiful bowl, a scoop of rice, and tried the garlic naan. My GOD, I didn't think vegan could taste as good as it did! While it did taste better than it looked, I couldn't be so harsh because it was definitely flavorful and really hit the spot.The place is surprisingly small and modern with Indian decor. The hospitality and service was excellent; the waiter very friendly, but I wished there could have been a second one because the day I went there was a large party, so service was a little more delayed than usual. I felt like the server had no problem with any requests or questions that I had, and was more than willing to get anything I wanted. I would recommend not to come here if you're in a hurry; you sit down when you arrive, but it takes time to make the food with the quality that it has, and the whole place seems to have a patient, relaxed atmosphere.
5	The garlic naan is awesome.  They have great lunch specials. Try the Lamb!!
5	Best Indian food I've ever had.  Their lamb is always perfect.  Every visit, I have to have the following: A hot chai, Lamb samosas, Masala fries, and an order of Naan.Every main dish I've had was great, perfectly cooked, and any time I had a question, the servers or even the owner was extremely cordial.If you have food allergies, trust me, they'll help you out, and if you have a Vegan girlfriend, cough cough wink wink, then my girlfriend...  I mean, your girlfriend will have plenty to eat, as they have almost half the menu full of vegan and vegetarian dishes.Cannot recommend this place enough, make sure you check it out.
4	We had never tried Indian food before.  Since we were new to vegan eating, we found this place through YELP.  The service was excellent.  We had Roti w/olive oil and garlic which was awesome.  For the entrees we had the eggplant w/potatoes, tomatoes and onions as well as the veggie kafta which were good as well.  We went mild but probably could have done medium spice.  Highly recommend.
5	This is just a little restuarant in a shopping mall that if you weren't looking for it, you would never find it.  On the outside the place looks rather deceiving as it could be confused for any number of strip mall type businesses.  However, once you step inside your senses are completely delighted with not just the aroma of delicious cuisine but the appeal of the dining area is striking as well.Had the butter chicken with Garic Naan and my partner had the cchicken curry.  Both dishes were served at a great temperature and I gotta tell you the butter chicken was succulent and the tomato based broth was to die for.I would definitely go back again.
4	When it comes to ethnic cuisine this place is a real winner.  This is a regular spot for my coworkers and I to meet for lunch and go over territory info.  The samosas are great and the entrees are authentic.  Check this place out.
5	If I have guests in town for longer than two nights, I always bring them to Samosa Factory.  It's an opportunity to prove to the out-of-town doubters that Vegas does, in fact, have fantastically tasty and creative food off the Strip.  Last night we were debating whether to go to Sushi Tower or Joe's at Caesar's, but decided on Samosa Factory.  So glad we did.  I always expect great food from Rick and his crew, but last night honestly was in the top three food experiences of my life.Okra was a 10+Dal Mahkani was a 10Chicken Makani was a 9.5Baby Spinach Paneer was a 9.5I cannot do justice with words and will not even try.  It simply needed to be experienced.  We all ate until we could hardly breath then packed up the rest for leftovers.Bring your own wine.  No corkage fee.
2	I glanced a recent LV Weekly about their great write up of this establishment, praising the food, particularly the delicious and well-done vegetarian options as well and was reminded that I ate here about a year ago and wanted to update with my review.For food, yes, this place was very good.However, "JEZ!  Why on earth did you give this place such a low review?!"BECAUSE the service was terrible and gave me no good reason to come back, especially with two great Indian restaurants by me!  Check it out:My party of three and myself went out, on their suggestion, to Samosa Factory.  They're fans of the restaurant and are frequent diners there, so I pretty much left all of the ordering up to them.  The samosas were great, the side dishes were appropriately spicey to our requests so, as I said, the food was just fine.The server, however....A) When I informed that we were going to be paying with two credit cards as we were going to split the bill, I was told this was no bueno and that I had to go outside IN THE RAIN in the middle of the meal to go next door to the grocery story to get money.  So I went off and OH HEY after hours the grocery story blocked access to the ATM with rows of carts and closed the entrance that permits access to the ATM.  So I had to purchase something from the grocery with money back on an ATM card to get money to pay for said meal.  I was NOT happy.   B) Server started off okay and progressively became slower and slower until it ended in a trickle at the end of the night.  Read the next two to see our indicators.  C) I ordered a Thai tea in the middle of the meal and it just never came.D) I requested a refill on my water three times before we finally just signed the check and I picked up a bottle of water next door.  I even requested it with the check, "Hey, can I get a refill of water and the check?"Samosa Factory just did not do it for me, which is a shame because the food is great.  But I don't care how delicious/cheap/glorious the food is, because if the service leaves me feeling like the staff doesn't want my money, I'll go elsewhere.
5	This place is great and a fine value.  The food is great. The service is great and personal. I have been to Somosa Factory many times and always come away happy and full.
4	Went to lunch here a few weeks ago with my two sisters and ordered a few samosas, the paneer makhini, garlic naan, and the Malai Kofta.It's very difficult to mess up these items in the first place, and they were all delicious. The only thing I didn't understand was that although we ordered it to be very spicy and high on the "thiku" scale, we received very mild dishes.The service was very nice. Our glasses never went empty and I was a happy customer, despite the lack of spicyness.
4	Very friendly service and lovely food.  We got the garlic naan, lamb curry, okra, and paneer mahkni.  Sauces were tasty and all was delicious.  The rice pudding with blueberry topping was DIVINE.  I'm lactose intolerant and ate nearly everything myself.  Holy cow.  Yeah, no kidding, the 'best rice pudding in the world.'  I concur.Difficult to locate this place if you don't know where to look.  It's in the strip mall directly west of the Panda Express on Sahara.  The exterior isn't anything to write home about, but the interior is tastefully decorated and smells wonderful.I want more rice pudding!!
5	I really like it here because#1 - the food is excellent.  really well spiced curries that aren't too oily.  great naan.  awesome samosas that are fried just enough and won't wreck you with too many potatoes.#2 - unpretentious, relaxing atmosphere that feels very hospitable but not too overwhelming.recommend the molai kofta curry and the tikka masalas.  good times.
5	I've never been let down at this place, in fact i now make it a weekly stop.  As others have said, service is great and the owner is a great guy.  My weekly meal is chicken samosas and lamb vindaloo (hot), the garlic naan is amazing also.
4	This restaurant is wonderful. great service and amazing food. Wonderful selections for Vegans and Vegetarians too. This restaurant is worth checking out. great Spices and extremely flavorful!
5	I have eaten here regularly for quite some time.  The food is consistently delicious.  My favorite dish is the lamb curry lunch w/ Garlic naan and iced tea.  All their dishes are extremely good.  And the owner is really nice.  I often take friends and family when they visit from out of town, and they are always impressed!I think this place is a best kept secret in Las Vegas :-)
4	Hands down the best Indian restaurant in Las Vegas.  Rick makes me feel like an old friend as soon as I walk in the door, so my dining experience is that much more enjoyable.  Cozy and relaxing decor and a menu that features staples such as tikka masala and lamb curry...and of course plenty of vegetarian and vegan selections.My goal is to try everything on the menu, but lately I've just been having Rick create a dish for me and I have yet to be disappointed.Love this place!!
4	Pretty damn good.  The veggie samosa was yums.
4	Great place. Very small inside, only about 8 tables. Wonderful food. Great owner. Some of the best tandoori chicken I have ever had. It was cooked perfect, and it was a to-go order.
4	I've had my eye on Samosa Factory for some time, but finally got around to trying it last night when our first choice for dinner was closed for the holiday. We entered the small dining area and were greeted by the incredibly friendly server. We told him we wanted to order our food to-go and he still offered us two glasses of water and a starter to nibble on while we perused the menu. We settled on the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Tikka Masala. We also ordered some garlic naan. Our server was incredibly personable and offered us refills on our water while we waited as well as made some idle chit chat with us. Once our food arrived, we paid our bill and off we went with our food. The server also offered us a to-go menu for our return visit. Great customer service!My fella and I dug into our meal as soon as we got home. The spice level was just right. We ordered the medium spice level to be on the safe side on our first visit. The garlic naan was delicious and I really enjoyed the rice. The flavors were right on and I look forward to a return visit to hopefully eat in the restaurant and try some of their samosas. The food is not cheap, but I didn't feel it was overly expensive for the quantity and quality of food we got.Definitely a great Indian option in a town that is lacking.
4	Yummmmm... While my first experience was a little less than stellar, I can easily overlook it since the paneer is always fabulous. It's a bit far away for me so every time I come here, I stockpile paneer dishes like I'm preparing for nuclear war. The selection is really good, the prices are fairly standard for most of the local Indian restaurants, and it's never been less than delicious. In fact, I like it so much that even if the service sucked (which it does not), I would still come back. I think that says a lot.
4	The garlic naan is great and the veggie samosas are to die for! I think about them way more than I should admit. The samosas are delicately crispy and the potatoes are fluffy and packed full of rich savory spices. Samosa factory has my vote for some of the best Indian food I've had in a while!
5	Went there once and this place was amazing.  Staff was friendly and accommodating considering we had a gift certificate that cut our check in half.  I loved that this place was a supporter of NPR which is where my friend got the gift certificate, and we were not disappointed by the food either.We each got two samosa apps, the vegetarian options and the fries.  Both were delicious.  For main course, she got the Buttered Chicken which she told me was good, and I opted for the Paneer Korma, which was cheese cubes in a coconut curry sauce.  DELICIOUS!  The Garlic Naan was also good and help me scoop up that delicious coco curry sauce that I had left over.We were too stuffed for desert, but I'll be going back for samosas and dessert and I only hope my next experience with the service and food warrants me to keep this place at 5 stars!P.S. Oh and I believe the state of a bathroom can say a lot about a restaurant and this place keeps my faith in this theory alive.
5	Finally a Chef who understands flavor.  I have been to many Indian restaurants in many great cities, as well as India itself.  Most places over spice and use less than quality ingredients.  This place does neither.  The food is quality and the taste is like being in india.  The Chef will cater to your liking if you prefer.  He has some intense spices if heat is your favorite, but the food is good for all!Decor, music, and ambiance all give you a sense of being right in the heart of true india
5	i found this place by accident but im really glad i did. great lunches specials and spicyness of food is just right
5	Best Indian food and workers are the nicest
5	I've been here SEVERAL times for lunch in the last few years and I resent Misti for saying that it's not the "best lunch decision"   Okay I don't really resent it because I see where she's coming from, but based on my experiences it's still one hell of a lunch decision!I usually end up doing take out but have dined in as well.   I've tried many items from the lunch specials to the entrees and have never had anything I disliked.   My favorite item, the Baby Spinach Curry  happens to reside on the lunch special menu so bonus for me.    With that you get a healthy serving of rice that you can smother with the tangy tomato curry sauce the baby spinach will be drenched in.  GET IT SPICY.  I find it most enjoyable when you get the perfect mix of curry and sweat dripping from one's brow.  I also order a side of Regular Naan and substitute the ghee butter for EVOO.   Dip that right into the curry or make a little pita out of it and go to town on it like I do (unless there are people watching).Also a fan of their veggie samosas (if you put it in the name of your restaurant, it better be good), and their chicken curry is good as well.   Oh and Veggie Kofta Curry.  I have no idea what exactly that is, but it was delicious.  Kinda like little vegetarian meatballs or falafel but in a delicious curry sauce.Rick is always great and I've never had an issue with the service, though on days where it's packed he can sometimes be stretched a little thin and it can take a little longer that way.   As an aside I also once saw him go outside and lay the smackdown on a few crackheads that appeared to be camping outside of his door and blocking the entrance/exit.    So tip him well, I don't know what his breaking point is.
1	The only thing I found okay was the garlic naan. Apart from that everything was pretty bland compared to what other indian restaurants offer. I am an Indian too and I would have to admit that it wasn't what I expected. There were no authentic spices which we use daily in our cooking. We had the mango yogurt(lassi) and the yogurt was spoiled... smelling sour and bad. However Rick totally denied it saying "we make our own yogurt and ther eis nothing wrong with it". Thats a LIE.I am never going back to this place. There are so better places in vegas for indian food ...try Indian masala its great choice compared to its 24/7 availability!
5	The one thing I love about The Samosa Factory is they no not use heavy oils to cook their food.  I heard about from friends but trying it will make you never eat heavy weiged down Indian food again.  There veggie samosas as so yummy.  Our picky 7 yr old twins love them.Highly recommend this "off the strip" joint.  It's tiny inside but worth it.
5	This is the best Indian food I've had since moving to Vegas 3 years ago. Very small restaurant, always people dining, but never a wait. The owner/server is very friendly and knowledgable. Listen to his recommendations! You cannot leave without the chocolate cherry samosas! I'm not a fan of chocolate with fruit, but these were amazing.
4	I love this place.  While the service is sometimes a little on the slow side when they are busy, the food is always hot and fresh and delicious.  The lunch specials are a real deal, but the other regular menu offerings are also great, and I encourage you to venture off the lunch menu and try something different.  The saag paneer is always delicious, the curries are great, and the naan-- the perfect accompaniment to sop up the juice from whatever you have chosen to order.  I also love how the owner always welcomes me back, and if he has not seen me in a while, gently chides me for it and encourages me back.  Try this little restaurant for wonderful Indian food, and you won't be disappointed!
1	NOT Recommended! I have ordered Tandoori chicken all over the world.  I never had green Tandoori chicken. I asked the waiter of the order was mixed up and he said no. They do not use artificial color. I gave it a shot. Horrible! Real Tandoori uses cayenne, turmeric, paprika and Masala for the red color. Then baked in a tandoor oven. I recommend they hire a real chef from India. I read so many rave reviews about the garlic naan bread. The worst naan in my life. Burnt, thin and taste of only garlic. If anyone knows a great Indian restaurant, please tell me or invite me over for mom's cooking.
4	This place is called Samosa Factory for a reason.  The samosas are AMAZING!  They come with a tasty cilantro chutney and a tamarind chutney.  2 per order and they are a very good size.  Really worth the $3.50-$4.50 price.  They also have some unique items, such as masala fries covered in cilantro, onions, and come with a BBQ-cilantro-ginger sauce.  Very tasty.I've never been impressed with their curries.  A little bland for my taste.  But they do have a lot of vegan options, which is nice.Staff has always been friendly.  Great place!
2	Oh, this place. It was this place that made me realize that sometimes the worst review has the most truth in it.I've never had such bland Indian food, ever. As another reviewer said, I should have known from the type of customers in there: no Indians. We ordered their masala fries, tikka masala, and a coconut shrimp dish. The fries were fine. Tough to mess up fries, although they didn't have the distinct flavor they sounded like they would have. The other two dishes? I didn't know you could call the same dish under two different names. Both looked the same, tasted the same, and were regretful the same. And it was just as expensive as a good Indian restaurant.On the upside, the naan was good and the service was pleasant.
5	Great food and even better service!
2	Disappointing. I really wanted to like this place. It is the sorta divey feel I like in eateries, but the food was just not very good. I ordered the samosa chaat and it could have been a great dish except at the last second the chef decided to add black pepper to the top. A lot of it. The basmati rice was salty and over cooked. The paneer was a soggy mess with a weird texture and woeful lack of spice. The tandoori chicken and garlic naan were yummy (that's why it gets 2 stars). But overall the food was not worth the cost.
4	The shrimp korma and garlic naan were amazing! Great service and atmosphere!
2	Food was ok. Ordered to go and they got my order  wrong. Unfortunately I was already home and hungry, so I didn't turn back around. Instead of cheeseburger samosa, I got a pastry filled samosa. Instead of a veggie samosa, I got some other chickpea veggie dish. Chicken masala was pretty bland. I was really excited to try this place because of all the good reviews and recommendations, but I was left disappointed.
4	Husband  and I ordered beef samosas, chicken tikki marsala, lamb curry, garlic naan, and dessert samosa.  The food was delicious.   We enjoyed it very much.   The service was great and our server was very friendly and attentive.  We will definitely be back for more. The only negative I have was that when I asked for a straw, I was handed a cup full of unwrapped straws and asked to pick one.  I cringe at the thought of how many dirty, unwashed hands have touched all those straws.  Ew.
5	OH MY GAGA! This place is AWESOME! Scrumptiously delicious food and the owners are very friendly and pleasant! They have vegetarian/vegan menu items. A #MustTry recommendation! Will be back for sure!
5	Wonderful!Once again a new place to define by "Awesome!"
5	Best Indian food anywhere!  What can i say..This is not only my favorite Indian restaurant in Vegas, this is my favorite restaurant anywhere. It is located on Sahara avenue, very close to a lot of car dealerships, banks, insurance agencies,etc. so at lunch time you will find many people on their lunch breaks who work in the area.No buffet here, all food is made to order, fresh, and the way you want it, spicy. medium, mild,cream, no cream,etc so it is great for customizing.They have a page with about 20 vegan options, which is a rarity in itself for me , since I happen to be veganThey of course also have many vegetarian, and non vegetarian dishes you wont find on your typical menu along with all your favorites.Oddly enough the owner is a quiet, white guy(not from India) yet he has mastered Indian cooking more than anyone-go figure. The food is the main thing and once you go there, there is no turning back to your typical buffet. There is a lunch menu, with about 5 or 6 choices, but you can also order off the regular part of the menu if you want  to get a lot more options - and the portions will be larger but cost more.The "Paneer Makhani" dish is just heavenly and is basically an orangey-red colored thicker gravy like texture sauce with cheese cubes in it, since i am now vegan i do not order it but if you are vegetarian or even a meat eater, you have to try this as one of your dishes, it is great for pouring over your rice or sopping up your plate with the naan or roti bread.Everything is made right there, even the samosas(no frozen boxed samosas here), pakoras, and chutneys(not jarred like most places serve) are all made fresh here and delicious.The quality and pride that goes into each and every dish is such a delight, one wonders why many other Indian restaurants don't take note and try to step it up too, instead of serving so many oily, and in many cases, flavorless uninspired creations.If you think you are an Indian food connoisseur, but you haven't yet tried Samosa Factory , I strongly urge you to try it,  and once you do, there is a good chance you wont want to go anywhere else, and may find yourself becoming an instant regular. I swear he uses secret addictive ingredients in his dishes to keep customer craving and thinking of them all the time!
5	Wow! A local took me here last nite. My first time for Indian food. Believe me......I will definitely come back. Great service and the chicken korma and garlic naan.....out of this world!
5	Awesome food, their Paneer is the best, second to none. Thick yet super soft!!! Paneer Tikka Masala, yummy!
5	Everything I tasted was awesome and the staff was incredibly friendly and knowledgable. I highly recommend stopping in!
5	Great food, great service. Chicken tikka was awesome with fresh peppers. Iced tea had a surprising and refreshingly different flavor.
4	This place is the bombay digity!Located on Sahara and Decatur, this small restaurant will give you a cultured taste of India.The place is small and very CLEAN! which is a must in my restaurant world..I was greeted by a very nice helpful waitress who took the time to explain their menu and the pronunciation of each dish.I ordered the Spinach Paneer. I'm a huge fan of spinach, and this put me into cloud 9.. The dish consisted of spinach and tofu, and some type of sauce.. im really  clueless when it comes to indian food, i just ask what's in it and i eat it!haha!Also along with the paneer i had the Garlic Naan, It's good to have with your paneers they compliment each other.For dessert I had the Keer, which was some sort of rice pudding with berries on top very delish as well!Samosa is also vegetarian/vegan friendly which is what drawn me to the place, me being a transitional vegetarian/vegan, i was curious what options i had in an indian restaurant .Overall i was satisfied with the service and the food, they also have lunch specials during lunch time, i did not even bother to look at that, but will give it a try when I go back!
5	I am not well acquainted with Indian food. As much as I like different ethnic foods I am quite wary of extremely spicy dishes. A friend of mine had been wanting to try this place out, but did not want to navigate the place alone. We went in and were seated quickly. It is a rather small place, but there was a mix of customers. Some were business people while others were families. The atmosphere was nice and cozy and we quickly got comfortable. Neither of us was particularly hungry and after getting drinks decided to ask the server for his advice. We decided on ordering a few different samosas. We had chicken, vegetable, and lamb. We also got an order or spiced fries. It was the perfect for the two of us. Everything was delicious and we were checked upon often. I can't wait to come back with the boyfriend so that he may also experience this place. It looks like a great place to take a date!
5	PERFECTION!We discovered Samosa by Yelp's direction,Ordered Garlic Naan to start our session,The Tandori Chicken is worth of a legend,The Lamb Saag will jolt your essence,The Lamb Kabob is no exception!!Believe it or not, I am of a different nation,My wife says Samosa cures my retardation!!!!
4	This was my first time trying Indian food & I loved it! I can't wait to go back and try more things! The service was great as well! I would definatly recommend this to anyone who is trying for the first time - great experience!
5	I love this little place. The food is fantastic. The owner Rick is very personable and makes it pleasant to eat here. I wish I could eat here 7 days per week.
5	I was visiting from Philly and wanted delicious Indian food for lunch. Upon doing a Google search, Samosa Factory was the only place with excellent reviews so I tried it for myself. I was not disappointed! The guy who served me was so pleasant. The food came out in a short amount of time. I ordered a vegetarian dish with naan and iced chai. The flavors was so amazing!  I loved that they give you just one heaping scoop of rice because I don't like too much of it. Could only eat half my meal, so I was given a container for the food and a little bag for the naan and bonus: a to go cup for my iced chai! I found that to be very thoughtful. It isn't a big place but the decor is nice and warm. I wanted to go back before leaving but never got the chance. I highly recommend this place!
5	Really, really, really cannot say enough about how much I love this place! The best Indian food I have had in Las Vegas by FAR! If you are new to indian food and want something different but tasty I can always recommend the lamb korma, it's perfect! With a side of garlic nan, some samosas (of course), and mango lassi this is my favorite dinner. If I was on death row, I may very well pick Samosa Indian Factory for my last meal. Their restaurant is tiny, but I like it! It doesn't feel overly crowded but actually cozy. I really can't say enough good things about this place.
2	Ok place for groups, not that super for couples or singles.  Why wouldn't they offer a samosa with the thali platter (check their name)?  Why not offer a better thali combo option?  Papadum?  Dessert samosa in the thali?  Found it to be a bit pricey for what it offers.
4	Such a great hardworking guy.  Do not miss the dried fruit stuffed naan, his apple chutney, or his samosas -- lots of terrific vegan dishes too.  Gluten free?  You've found a great place to enjoy delicious food safely.
4	Great naan.
4	Great food and service! Loved the samosas. We got veggie and lamb, my preference was the veggie.The Saag Paneer was tasty tasty but I wish I had a tiny salt shaker (blasphemy!). Garlic Naan, delish!
4	The vegan roti (bread) and spinach tomato curry here were excellent. It was absolutely delicious. Unfortunately, you have to drive here, so it's not convenient if you are staying on the strip. It's in a strip mall and easy to miss.
5	Oh Samosa Factory, you have my heart and tummy.I have now eaten here almost every time that I've visited Vegas. It's a must eat.I loooove the veggie choices and of course the garlic naan.I can't decide which one is more wonderful, the owner or the food.You'll want to eat them both up.One tip: Finish your meal off with the rice pudding. Absolutely delicious!
5	My go to place for Indian food in Vegas. It's one of those best kept secrets for Indian food for Vegas in my opinion.It's a casual ambiance place with great food that's reasonably priced. I always get their naan bread and paneer. I love it here also for their great vegetarian options! Love it.
5	My new favorite spot in Vegas! I go at least once a week. The Malai Kofta Korma is just DELICIOUS as well as the vegetable Samosa's, garlic naan and I'm sure everything else on the menu. Cute little place, great service, and food to die for. 2 thumbs up!
5	Love the samosa factory. The staff are delightful, food delicious & such a pleasant atmosphere. I've taken family & friends here & everyone loved it. I'd recommend this to anyone looking for some delicious Indian food!
2	Yelp you disappointed me tonight. You know if the restaurant is run by people whose ethnic background does not match the food, something is bound to go wrong.. (Sorry, just a stereotype of mine I cannot break)Anyways, we decided on Indian for dinner tonight, and I suggested to try Samosa Factory as I had bookmarked this place for quite some time. The restaurant had mostly positive reviews which is what convinced me to stray from our usual Indian joint.The restaurant itself is small.. Definitely a "hole in the wall" type of place.  We were greeted by this a large caucasian man, definitely NOT what I was expecting at an Indian restaurant.  Not sure if he was the owner.. but in addition to seating us, he took our order, and served us our meal.We order the chicken tikka masala, shrimp vindaloo, and garlic naan.  Both entrees served with basmati rice.The chicken tikka masala was NOT what we were expecting.  Prepared completely different from any other Indian restaurant we've ever tried.  I was expecting yummy curry sauce, but this hardly had any.  Although it wasn't badly prepared, it just wasn't up to our liking.  The shrimp vindaloo was nothing spectacular either.  This had more curry sauce than the chicken tikka masala, but nothing impressive.  I like curry sauce to be thick, this was more watery.  Lastly, the garlic naan and basmati rice were just average.  I didn't care of the naan because it was thin and dry as opposed to thick and fluffy like how we are used to having at Mt. Everest.Sigghh.. what a disappointing meal.  Sorry to say, we won't be coming back.
5	My favorite place in all of Las Vegas! I only order 2 things, so it's hard to rate it all. The Veggie Korma and Spinach curry. I love them both! The garlic naan is covered in garlic and cilantro. It's delish too. My husband is not adventurous. He orders the chicken tikka every time. Getting him to even go in was a huge effort. Now, most days it's his idea to eat here. I also highly recommend iced chai tea!
2	We bought a groupon and thought this place must be awesome for all the great reviews on yelp.The place was certainly a hole in the wall. The folks that work there were super nice. We ordered a veggie samosa which was great. We ordered Chicken Vindaloo- tasted bland and tomatoey. No real Indian spices popping out or any hint of tartness. I'm from San Francisco and we dine at Naan and Curry all the time and their vindaloo was my gateway to Indian Cuisine. I order it at other places and it's great. The chicken was half a breast cut into slithers. No real chunks of bone and meat. There were several pieces of  potato in there. It was like half a potato all together. It tasted like a Filipino goat stew but more bland. The lamb kabob was bland too, no real Indian spices popping out. It was like one kabob cut into sauce like slices mixed in this tomatoey sauce with red peppers. It was sweet and bland. The samosa was great but I couldn't taste any heart in the meal. No tart, no spices. The people that worked there were again very nice and great at explaining things and talking with us. It was quiet pricey too.
3	Wish I had known how small and QUICK this restaurant was. It definitely would not have been my choice for my anniversary dinner. Flat naan, bland samosa chaat, good lamb vindaloo..... Oh I just remembered we ordered pakoras too, and those tasted like fried nothing. Was excited for the spices and the textures or the onion, cauliflower, and potato but this was just potato hash, the flavor came from the chutneys. ;(I was also very sad that we were in and out in 30 minutes and we were trying to eat slowly. Everything came out in minutes and our mango lassi was delicious, but I wish it were cold! The temp made it just seem like a bowl of yogurt in a tall glass ;(My boyfriend and I have been spoiled by eating some really authentic and great Indian food and these were our favorite dishes there. Wasn't terrible, but won't be back.
5	I miss this place sooooo much! It's honestly deliciousness in the best way! The Kashmiri naan filled with dates cannot be rivaled! And the veggie dishes are ridiculous! I'm so happy to see this place thriving! It's quaint atmosphere and mood lighting on a Friday night is perfect! And I'm excited to enjoy this wonderful place again!
5	Delicious!! My husband and I were in Las Vegas for a few days and purchased several Groupons to try while in town. Samosa Factory has become one of our favorite Indian places. We had a chicken samosa, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, and plain naan. The chicken samosa was packed with flavor and very fresh! The chicken tikka masala was not as sweet as we liked, but still fantastic. The saag paneer was more saucy than other Indian places; regardless, we really liked the dish. The service was absolutely fantastic and topped off the wonderful night. I'd definitely recommend this place!
1	We bought groupons as we were sitting at the restaurant, excited for the deal. Then we loaded up on orders to our max.  Unfortunately there is only one groupon allowed per table says the owner with a stick up his butt.  This was our first time at this restaurant and the owner served us.  He stuck to his guns and would not budge on letting us use 2 groupons, even though he openly admitted to being able to make an exception.  We will not go again and definitely not recommending to anyone.  Food wasn't even very good.  No spices and pop that you grow accustomed to in a good Indian dish.  The owner looks like he's from ohio, not bombay.**Revised 12/5/13I think it's completely unprofessional that the OWNER complains about not getting a tip when he was a dick to us.  How about learning some customer service before entering in the retail food industry.Much better Indian restaurants in Vegas by far!!Try these for tasty, authentic Indian food and unconditionally friendly service:1. The Mint - Flamingo and Maryland2. Mount Everest - Sahara and Arville3. India Masala - Flamingo and Swenson4. India Palace - Twain and ParadiseI will never go back to Samosa Factory and urge you not to patron this poor excuse for a restaurant.  Some people are not suited to be in front of customers.  Rick, the owner here, believes the customer is always WRONG.  Not the way to win repeat or new business.
4	Really great service,Food very flavorful and fresh. Made to order.Owner is very nice and accommodating.Bernie Hanna
5	I have brought my friends and family here and they absolutely agree with me, food is amazing and so is the service.  It's a perfect place to come if you're a vegan/vegetarian. I'll be coming back whenever I get a chance.
3	This casual, 9-table restaurant was busy on this Thursday evening, but we lucked out by securing a table.  The owner provided menus with us choosing to share orders of lamb spinach, butter chicken and Kashmiri naan. The lamb was tender, but the spinach was on the runny side.  The chicken in the butter chicken was on the tough side.  Overall our meal was pretty good, but a notch below the best so our search for a great Indian restaurant in Las Vegas continues. A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate.
2	Went to the Samosa Factory with a dear friend for lunch. She was greeted by the staff and we were ushered to her usual table by the window. The server was courteous and attentive. Unfortunately, the fare was not as commendable.I ordered the lamb curry ($8.95) lunch special; A hot chai tea ($2.50); and vegetable chaat samosa ($6.95).The chaat arrived first, a heaping plate of green chutney, creamy yogurt, and innumerable other colors and flavors. The chaat was just okay. Try the chaat at Mount Everest down the road to see what real chaat should taste like. The chai tea arrived after. A big steaming cup with a dollop of curdled cream floating on top. This was so disappointing. It is impossible to find good chai in Las Vegas. Does not taste like Indian chai tea.Next the lamb curry arrived with a heaping scoop of jasmine rice. It was bland and unenjoyable. My friend enjoyed her chicken tikka masala and naan. I tried the naan and it was hot and fresh, though a bit thin and crispy.There are too many excellent Indian food options in Las Vegas to return to Samosa Factory.
1	I had real BAD experience at this place. Person catering the customers at this restaurant has no respect for his customer what so ever. He had shown such an attitude that we all decided to walk away from that place. All we asked for is a separate check before we placed an order, and the guy was completely rude. I will never go to that place again nor will recommend to anyone. There are many better Indian restaurants in town who cares for customers and serves way better food than this place. I would rate this place ZERO star if I could but unfortunately Yelp is not having that option.If you don't care about your customers someone else will. Enjoy !!
5	I found out about Samosa Factory through a Groupon special. We arrive 45mins before closing time.  We ordered delicious spice fries, lamb, soup and chicken. All were well presented and tasty. By far the best Indian restaurants in Vegas. Our server gave us a full size rice to take home with our leftovers...very thoughful. You do not need to be on the Strip to get GREAT personal service.
5	Wonderful spot! I suggest everyone try it. The service is attentive and friendly, food is prepared fairly quick and includes a wide selection of great tasting vegetarian and vegan dishes. It's a nice, cozy cute spot for 1-4 people .. has takeout available also.
5	Want to eat at a place where the food is consistently delicious?  This is the place.My family and I have been here 3 times now and it never disappoints. All 3 times we have been served by the owner who is amazing!  Great service and he called my daughter by name all night,  which she loved!Samosas are incredibly delicious.  We had the beef and lamb this time.  I swear,  one day I'm getting like 8 of these and that's all. My husband had the chicken curry - extra spicy. My daughter and I shared the tikka masala- very mild. Portions are big and we had some left over. The naan is cooked to perfection. I suggest ordering lots, as it's perfect for sopping up the sauce from your meal.My family and I will be back again and again and I suggest you go too!
5	Best indian food I've ever had in my life!  Not greasy, fresh, & full of flavor.  My boyfriend who hates Indian food, loved it!  and now wants to go back.  Amazing Vegan & Vegetarian menu.  No other place in Vegas like it.
5	I've been going to this restaurant off and on for years!  Amazing food, that's all I can say!
5	Wow wow wow!!! I couldnt have better things to say. We ordered and shared three entrees, they were all AMAZING. Service was outstanding, food was outstanding, and location is easy to find. This is a MUST try!
5	I've read plenty of good reviews about samosa factory and true to story you can't go wrong coming here!! Upon walking in my husband and I were greeted and seated. The owner and waitress was very nice and had good suggestions for the menu. We ordered: chicken korma, lamb vindaloo, garlic naan and onion kulcha. We were given mango lassi to try. EVERYTHING was absolutely amazing! The service was excellent. I will be going back for sure!
5	Best Indian food EVER! It's clean, fresh, and so flavorful!! In a little out of the way spot - totally unassuming. Had chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, chicken korma, roti, samosas, and chai. All was unbelievable:) we're so happy
1	I was very excited to try out the Samosas here, but, the service was just horrible and the waiter seemed very rude. We went there for lunch and the lunch special menu looked OK. So we decided to order separate lunch specials. We asked the waiter that we are ordering individually and would like individual checks, but, the waiter was too dumb and rude to understand that. He kept pointing at the no separate checks sign on the wall, when we clearly mentioned that we are all gonna order a different dish and naan separately. He even said that we should get out of the restaurant and try the buffet across the street. I have never seen such pathetic hospitality in my life so far. That too opening an Indian restaurant and not knowing about the culture. We have a saying "Atithi Devo Bhava" which means that the guest is God and  should be treated with courtesy, but, I am pretty sure the waiter knows nothing about that.After that we went to Rani's across the street and we were greeted with a smile and treated like a family member. And rani has authentic Indian food. tastes just like home. I have tried almost every Indian restaurant in the City so far and having so many options, I would go to Taj Palace, Ranis or India Masala for their amazing hospitality and authentic Indian food rather than Samosa factory...any day!
