5	First off - 6022 S. McClintock is apparently their address, although this is a little north of where Amados actually is.  Amados is on the west side of McClintock just a tad north of Guadalupe.  There's a sign out near the street, so it shouldn't be too hard to find.So what is Amados?  A Mexican joint that's open 24/7 and seriously has some of the best Mexican food you can find.  The carne asada is so so so good, the chile relleno burrito is AWESOME (and I believe it's veggie-friendly for you vegetarian folks out there), their fish tacos are delicious...I could go on and on.  $8 will get you two carne asada burritos, which is a *lot* of food.  They also have a little condiment bar that has excellent red and green salsa, limes, cucumbers, jalapenos, and a bunch of other stuff you might be interested in.  There's a surprisingly decent amount of indoor seating, and there's a little bit of outdoor seating as well.Amados is basically amazing - I seriously go here at least once a week.  One of the coolest parts is unlike Filiberto's and a bunch of the other taco shops nearby, a trip to Amados won't result in you spending the rest of your day sitting on a toilet.  I've been eating here for years and have yet to get even slightly sick from their food, which is impressive for a 24-hour taco shop.One warning - late at night (meaning midnight and later), this place can get extremely shady and packed full of people you probably don't want to be around.  During daylight hours though, everything's always very mellow here.And don't be worried if you don't speak Spanish - the staff here speaks excellent English and is very helpful.
5	So delish.  Perfect fast authentic, no nonsense Mexican food.  Affordable.
5	Amados is one of those places you might see featured in the movie Clerks if Kevin Smith decided to use a restaurant instead of a convenience store. Dirtbags hanging out on the outside, bizarre people on the inside, but products that you just want to keep going back for.As my friend used to describe it, "You get a burrito the size of your calf for about 3 bucks."Amados attracts a mixed clientele from construction workers on their lunch break to high school kids using the patio as their own personal smoke shed to post-clubgoers grabbing a 2 am snack.The staff is all hispanic and most speak english with a strong accent prevailing, yet in the hundred or so times I've been there my order has never been screwed up. Breakfast burritos are good and carne asada burritos are so loaded with meat that I often avoid it because it's too heavy a meal. Even the basic bean burrito was too much for my ex to finish each time she ordered it. It's hard to argue the quality, service and low price even if the parking lot clientele may intimidate you at first glance. Avoid the place after midnight if that's the case. That's when the hoopties are in full swing.
4	I miss Amado's carne asade burritos!!!!! It's less than $5 and you can get a huge horchata with it! Aaaaaaaaargh! Makes me mad that I left AZ!And everything on the menu is really cheap, too! Plus, they're open 24 hours... but don't go late otherwise you'll run into the drunk people coming from the Tempe/Scottsdale bars! Authentic Mexican food.. as everyone there is Mexican and very, very friendly.
5	amados is great. cheap, clean. yes clean.... look at the health rating.. and goodmost people dont remember when the buildin was a circle k....i seriously have eated here over 3000 times while growing up.after the remodeled it lost some of its uumph. a bit more expensive too.. but its still greatgreat place to watch a nightly fight after 1am too....
3	I do love me some Amado's.  Prices are good.  Food is above average.  The only thing I don't like is feeling like I'm going to get mugged every time I go here, regardless of time of day.
4	Bomb burritos, clean, good chile relleno, open late night.  What more do you want?Much better and easier on the digestive tract than Fili B's
4	U like greasy teens? U like old dudes hanging out with greasy teens? U like out of the way dinky little plaza? U like good Mexican food? Yes, it IS good. "I shall comeback" kind of good. Place is dinky and out of the way but seems clean and food comes out reasonably quick and it tastes good. There were 3 of us who went there for lunch and we all were happy with our orders. Good lil' join to stop by and grab a bite in super non-pretentious environment.Ohh yeah!!! Almost forgot - they open 24/7. That is right beatches EVERY SINGLE DAY ALL DAY LONG!!!! Anyone got munches?
5	One of those great local Mexican restaurants that those in Tempe are lucky to have.  The food is great, quickly made and everything is clean.  There are some shady characters outside so I'm not sure I'd bring my son by after lunch, but the food is worth the effort.
5	Breakfast burritos in the morning. Chips Carne Asada for lunch and dinner. This place is awesome, even though it has changed names like 3,000 times. It has always been good. I grew up with this place and would take it over Filiberto's any day. Its worth a stab wound to get one off their breakfast burritos.
3	The Carne Asada burrito was a lot better a couple years back when they use to put chunks of meat in the burrito instead or the thin sliced stuff they have in it now. It's still a good burrito though and not a bad place
3	BAM MOFO!!! I'm drunk! 2000 instant calories and 60 grams of  fat wrapped up in a piping hot tortilla sounds perfect! Oh but make sure you drench that sweet "new breakfast burrito" in as much hot sauce as you can. Make a little pocket in the filling and pool up some spicy goodness!In all honesty, since high school I only feel that way after a bottle of whiskey or two. That's a good thing, because if I had continued my eating habits from when I was seventeen I would be freaking dead. hard. Plus, there are a few more places that I'm willing to go to and stretch the wallet a little more for some decent food, not to mention better atmosphere. I see screaming bro's and ho's often enough, but trying to eat at the mecca of the bro world is like trying to eat while VH1's Tool Academy is turned on high volume. I'm not saying I don't appreciate you, Amado's, but I'm just ready to start seeing other people. You don't even have a drive-thru. Jerk.
5	Easily put, a WAY better alternative to Filiberto's  when craving late night mexican food. They have a wide range of the typical mexican fast food and drinks.
4	Nothing better than Amados at 3 am when you are wasted.
4	One of the best hole-in-the-wall Mexican places in the East Valley. I've had the rolled tacos, the burritos, the breakfast burritos, and this heart-attack-in-the-making carne asada on chips thing.. but oh my god, its all just delicious. Never disappointed.
4	I ate here a few weekends ago. That night I think we were drugged at a bar by a 6'5" tall bartender in hotpants short shorts and a cutoff half-shirt because we blacked out nearly everything from that evening. I do remember a few things from that night though... Specifically, I remember peeing in the bathroom here. Couldn't tell you what it looked like, so I suppose that means it was relatively clean. I also remember standing in the restaurant waiting for our order to come. I don't remember how we got to the destination, but I do sort of remember opening my white Styrofoam takeout container and seeing the beefy cheesy thing I ordered... or at least I think I ordered. I'm pretty sure I ate it, but I couldn't tell you anything beyond that. I'm sure I liked it okay because I want to go back and eat again. Everyone else I was with seemed to like it as well - those who can remember the evening anyway. It's possible we were drugged and had disgusting sex acts performed on us - we would have no idea... I don't think we were drugged at Amados, and that's always a plus when a restaurant doesn't drug you. I woke up in my own bed and didn't have any sort of gut rot from eating the food. We went swimming right after eating apparently, and nobody reported that I threw up or crapped in the pool, so that's another good sign. Good Mexican food is hard to find, so I hope this place lives up to the hype on my second visit.
1	If you enjoy watching flies that require ground clearance from the FAA prior to taking off buzz around you as you eat your "authentic" Mexican food, then you are in for a treat here!As for me, I don't particularly enjoy dining in an establishment that clearly has no time for meeting some minimal health & sanitation standards. Disgusting.
4	Great place.  My credit card and bank accounts have more memories of this place than I do, but it's still good.  Go there anytime when the drunk high school idiots are not there (usually late during the week, never on Friday or Saturday).  Disregard previous reviews about cleanliness in this place.  Most chain restaurants that people go to are much dirtier than any concerned reviewer could ever imagine.
4	OH MY. San Diego-style Mexican food in Arizona?!?!?That's not a mirage from heat exhaustion (or dehydration from too much alcohol). It is true! I was taken here by a former Socal native and I was in heaven.Carne Asada fries: tasty-marinated carne asada, skinny fries, legit cheese (both yellow and white), sour cream, and plenty of guac. Mmm Mmm good.Arizona burrito (aka wanna-be California burrito): heavy on the potatos and needed more cheese... but better than anything in San Jose.Hot sauce? Spot-on. Could be hotter, but it is just the way I like it: NOT salsa, more hot.Spongebob Awesomeness: The carne asada burrito looked really tasty. When I go back to Tempe, I am definitely coming back here.
4	Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and even late night, it is a good time for Amados.the menu is pretty standard for a Arizona Mexican food shack, the beauty is in the execution. From the beans made with vegetable shortening to the tangy neon green guacamole and bold shredded cheese all of the flavors here POP!This place also excels when it comes to condiments, There is an amazing red sauce, a very spicy tomatillo green sauce, fresh sliced jalapenos, a cabbage pico de gallo, peeled and sliced cucumbers and spicy carrots. Last trip I had an old favorite a bean burrito, A pleasantly warm and soft tortilla wrapped some great beans, prodigious application of red sauce made it a great meal.My friend opted for his usual, carne asada fries. Basically chili cheese fries done the Mexican way.The place it self is not the fanciest, and there are signs of abuse from the hordes of highschoolers that descend to this place late on weekends. I was one of them just a decade or so go. Time may has passed but I still enjoy the quality value food at Amados.
4	This places is always good for late night food (after a night out on Mill Ave.) also a great place for a late night brawl. Try the Carne Asada Chimichanga. It's what gave me my gut!
2	Had a craving for nachos earlier and thought I'd give this place a try. I ate here once before when we had moved to this area 4 years ago...and I thought it was ok, but it was something I forgot to Yelp about.This time I remembered to Yelp.I'm going against the grain here (surprise) and am going to say it wasn't all that. The other time I came here it wasn't all that either.The carne asada on the super nachos was bland. The guac? Bland. The refried beans? I never knew they were refried beans until I looked at them.I can't believe I'm going to say this...but I think I prefer any of the 'berto's over this place.Yea, I went there.The place was clean, the girl who took my order was friendly and the guy who gave me my food was friendly as well. Parking lot could do with a good sweeping and someone could pick up all the debris that's out there.I'll keep looking for a better place to eat.
2	This place is good after a night out on Mill or any late night where alcohol is involved.  It's also great place to watch drunks brawl, or end up, after driving over the Big Burrito drive through sign! They have a good menu selection of typical Arizona mexican food.  They server carne asada in the food so that's cool since, it seems to be getting harder to find places that server carne asada in burrito, tacos and chimichangas, around here.  The food is pretty bland and greasy.  The spicy sauce isn't that hot.  If you go into this place knowing what you're getting yourself into then it's all good.  Makes me realize how spoiled I am to have good Mexican food at my doorstep and all of the great joints in The Mission.  If you're craving mexican food, at 3am, Amados is where you go...just don't go alone!
4	Ok.  I'm a Sun Devil alum, so I'll admit that the first two dozen times I visited this place I was NOT sober.  I was convinced that it was amazing after 5 hours of drinking back in the day, so after moving to SoTemp for my professional career, I popped in for lunch takeout quite a bit.  Yup, it's very good sober too ;)  Amado's needs to be taken for what it is:  quick, casual Mexican foods.  I'm a big fan of the rolled tacos, which are generously served with fresh guacamole.  The taco salad is Heaven. Make sure to hit up the little salsa bar during the day to accessorize your meal.  Bonus:  the entire breakfast menu totally helps cure a bad@ss, Mill Ave induced hangover.  For 'em, Amados!
5	Best breakfast burritos ever! It's all about their red sauce!!!!Don't know about the rest of the food. Never had it. LOL!
4	thank you for being open when we need you. your food is delicious and the red sauce makes me happy/!i'd like you better if there was a drive thru.
5	The BEST Carne Asada Nachos ever. Tons of meat and avocado and cheese. We have never had a bad meal here, we've tried a bunch of the breakfast type burritos (hey, hangover food) and regular burritos, but we always go back for the Carne Asada Nachos when we feel the need to splurge.
1	Yuck yuck yuck... I can't believe this place has good reviews.  It must be because a majority of the reviews are written by people who stop here after a night out of drinking.  The other night I was craving some Mexican food and instead of going to the other Mexican joint that's less than a block away, I decided to try Amados.  Big mistake.... huge.  Sure, it's open 24 hours but, so is the competitor around the corner... and they offer tasty food!My chicken chimichanga plate was gross on a buncha levels,  First off, it's obvious the oil hadn't been changed in a while because I could SMELL the deep-fried tortilla... and not in a good way.  After a test bite or two, I decided I'd just eat the chicken inside but, it was SOOO SALTY that I literally ended up throwing most of it out.  I have never ever done that to a chimichanga before.  :(  Finally, the beans and rice had almost no flavor.  I don't even know how that's possible... rice sure.  Beans tho?!  Because of the 4 stars I was thinking I should give it another try but honestly, just can't stomach the idea of it.  Won't see ya there!
3	Amados is great Mexican fast food with less grease than all those other 'berto Mexican fast food joints that have sprouted around the valley. I especially enjoy the carne asada burritos, with the pico de gallo, cilantro and guacamole, best fast food on the cheap! Their rolled taquitos are super crunchy and loaded with flavor and topped with cheese and the dipping guacamole is not all that but ok for the price. The selection of sugar fruit drinks are good, Tamarindo, Horchata, Jamaica and the Melon drink are good but on the sugary side. The Salsa bar is ok, green and red sauce, diced cabage, sliced limes, cucumbers, pickled jalapenos/carrots and sliced raw jalapenos that will set your mouth on fire!  They are open 24 hours and it tends to be crowded with the local skater poser gavacho kids on the weekends.
3	I'm a fan of this place. It's cheap and a good place to go to when you have a late night hankering since it's open 24 hours. I like the California burrito and their chicken tacos; they're not as greasy as some of the other places I've tried. Their cheap beef tacos aren't bad and I do like their french fries. It's good a good place with good food and I come back here whenever the mood strikes.
3	This is a fun little taco shop; prices are good and food is good. A great late night munchies spot. I enjoy their salsa bar, they have all the traditional fixings for you to help yourself to. It's a bit on the cheaper side but pretty good overall.
4	i love the place,pretty consitent,i love that they dont use LARD in there beans,so veggie friendly for all of you greens out there.the place isnt no 5 star dining expeirence.but it isnt dirty,the staff is not friendly but not overly happy seeing how they have to deal with late night drunks and they all to common family that doesbt quite know what they want and ask there advice as if the employees give a sh*t.all the time your in line,might as well be on the phone.go there its better than filiasquirtos.
2	This place was just ok. The salsa bar was pretty decent.
1	You can get better "Mexican" at chipotle, qdoba and etc. Maybe even taco bell!
4	If any place reminds me of my high school days (other than my high school itself), it's definitely Amados. Located right down from Marcos de Niza, it's a student hotspot for lunch time and after school! And being a 24-hour restaurant, it's great for a bite any time of the day. They offer seating outside as well which is lovely when the weather is nice! Even better news? On top of their already great prices for whopping meals, they offer a free bean or egg and potato burrito with any purchase over $7!
4	Great carne asada burros, chips, quesadillas
5	I recently moved to Ohio and let me tell you, I wish I could fight over which Mexican shack was the best.  Amados does a lot of stuff right and once you have to live without it, you realize how awesome it really is.  I would give my left nut for a breakfast burrito or machaca plate!  Don't ever take it for granted.
2	I was really happy to find a 24-hour Mexican joint nearby.  The service was friendly, the ladies there really nice, the food tasted like just about all the other Mexican places nearby (Whateveriberto's, El Favorito, Rivas'), but was really good and filling.Why two stars?Well, it started with my  wife getting up in the wee hours afterwards having to spend a considerable about of time on the loo--it was the food she ate at Amado's--right through her, and quite painfully.  I wasn't happy about this, and was even more upset when I began to purge myself--from the other end. . .I know this is TMI, but I can't sufficiently express the agony involved in vomiting up ANYTHING containing chili powder.  Oh my God. . .It really is too bad.  I would have really liked to come here again.  The food was delicious. . .the first time around only.  Unfortunately, we are going to avoid Amado's in the future.
5	Excellent Mexican food, their shrimp tacos are amazing!! And they are open 24/7!
4	Was dropping oldest daughter off at work and about to go hit the trails to go hiking but was starving and wanted a breakfast burrito, went by one of my fav places by my house and it was closed until 8, it was 7:20 and I didn't want to wait so I drove down the road to another place placed my order then told me that they couldn't use debit at this time, the machine was down, so I having no cash left, and then I remembered driving by Amados plenty of times coming home from work, so I headed over there and thought eh why not, when I walked I saw on the board Amados special which was a burrito with eggs, ham, potatoes, bell peppers, onions and cheese for $3.70, Yep that's exactly what I wanted! So I order me up on and it was just what I was craving! I am going to have to remember this place for a great breakfast burrito!
4	I have been eating here for about two years now maybe twice a month and after some late night activities. What really stands out to me is their carne asada fries and how they got rid of a new years hangover. They offer quick service, a salsa/condiment bar, huge menu and excellent meat. This is not your neighborhood Filibertos. The only reason I give it 4/5 stars and not 5/5 is we need a drive through!!
4	Amado's is BienBy The RueAmado's you are bien,I am not afriad to say so,You're not quite muy bien,But no one has to know.The Amado's platter,Is a lot of food and cheap,For breakfast it doesn't matter,Eggs, burros or a bag of peeps.Before when you spent eight,They gave you a free burrito,The prices are still great,Some might even say paquito.Even though Fili B's is across the street,It's you who I prefer and choose,Even though your prices can be beat,With you my stomach will never lose. Finishedalitoamos
1	Watered down sales. Inside smells greasy.... waste of $$ and time
3	Okay, I'm not going to be as harsh this time.I have been here several times since the my barfing incident below.  I strongly suggest that you go during the day if you want Mexi-food.  After dark, the night crew does not put as much care into cooking or service.  Didn't feel so good after the late night meal either. . .The day crew ain't half bad at all--taco meat is greasy as hell though no matter what time of day you go here.  Nonetheless, if you go here while the sun is up, you're likely to get a satisfying meal for your money.
4	Yum!   Fast and good.  What else do you want from a place like this?I've had breakfast meals as well as the rest of the menu and never had a bad meal.
3	I used to go to this place all the time when I was in high school and living in Tempe.  The food hasn't changed much but the interior got a well needed overhaul.  This is just an average taco shop.  Good greasy food at very affordable prices.  Its nice that some of the combos include a drink and there is a soda fountain for free refills.  I always stop by the place when I'm home visiting when I get the late night munchies.
4	Fast, good, and clean. Unless you are in just after the high school kids get through, which is impossible to defeat, this is a great little Mexican food stand style place. Finally a place has embraced the gringo breakfast burrito (bacon, potato, egg and cheese) and named it, New Breakfast Burrito. If you are in the area and hungry, worth a trip!
3	Pretty standard Mexican fast food. Super greasy, spicy, etc. I had the chile relleno, it was better than Filibertos but still kinda just meh. The salsa bar looked like it could use a little more attention. There were no cucumbers and the red and green sauce were all mixed up.I liked the lettuce, pico mix up thing they had there. :)There was some construction going on in the parking lot and some construction worker kinda yelled at us for parking in front of the restaurant... If they don't want people to park there they should probably put some cones up or something...I'll eat there again if I'm near.
5	In a vacuum, this place would only get 3 or 4 stars. But, when comparing it to similar places, I have to give Amado's a full, five-star rating. Great burritos, chili rellenos, and they know how to do a fish taco the right way. Far superior to any of the fill-in-the-berto's.
4	This is my #1 favorite local alternative to standard fast-food joints! The price is right, and the food is as good as a lot of pricier alternatives. No, it's NOT high-end gourmet-Mexican food. However, the shredded beef tacos, rice & re-fried beans are just as good as at Ajo Al's. I tend to stay away from the chicken enchiladas, though... had a couple of bad experiences with them!I especially like that I can get some reasonable, decent food late at night!
2	I'm very picky when it comes to fast food Mexican.  It can be simple but it has to be good.  This place had very  matter of fact service.  The food was done in a quick time frame but it just wasn't that cheap or that good to bother going back to.  Ordered a bean and cheese burrito with potato added to it.  The tortilla was delicious.  It smelled and tasted fresh made.  However it was a bit burned.  Then the beans were very average with thick shreds of cheddar cheese.  The potatoes were gross in my opinion.  They were very big chunks of breakfast style potatoes with lots and lots of pepper.  I am not a fan of pepper.  Also ordered the 5 rolled tacos with cheese and guacamole.  My children did not care for the "meat" in the middle.  The guacamole was a bit sour tasting.  I did like that the tacos were thickly rolled.  The outside was super crisp and the inside mushy.  That appealed to me....We won't be back.
4	I have been a repeat customer for years. Not a visibly high class place, but always seems to be clean and the staff are friendly. It is a reliable and consistent place to grab a meal.
4	I have been a repeat customer for years. Not a visibly high class place, but always seems to be clean and the staff are friendly. It is a reliable and consistent place to grab a meal.
4	I have to give this a 4 star for the breakfast burrito   I just had the 'Amado' breakfast burrito and it one of the best I've had in AZ.  Made with hash browns nice and soft to mold the bacon egg and cheese into a gushy goodness! Fast. Hot and great taste if breakfast burritos are your passion as they are mine dont miss this hot spot!Looking forward to a revisit!
4	I need to revise my review of this place.  The food has actually improved greatly in the past months and I need to let everyone know that am recommending this place again.  I keep coming back because this is one of the few 24-hour spots around and pretty much the only place aside Denny's and IHOP in the immediate vicinity to get late night grub.They now have a drive-thru and are being renovated so things are looking much better here as well as tasting better..  When they finally finish working on that scary-looking men's bathroom, I'll be even happier. . .
4	Love their breakfast burrito and chorizo burritos. Always go through the drive thru on my way to work. 2 meals easily as they are huge and the price is cheap!
5	I recently came to this drive through super late because nothing else was open. Honestly my expectations were low, and I was pleasantly surprised! The wait wasn't long at all given that it looked like only one person was working. The nachos I ordered were great. The size was plentiful, the balance of amount of chips vs toppings was right on, not too much of one or another. The cheese was a huge surprise. It almost looked and tasted freshly ground, it had great body and really held up this plate of nachos. Next time I need a late night snack, I may just swing by this place again!
2	Nasty chicken and mediocre bacon.
2	I had a friend come in from out of town and I wanted him to have the best/authentic Mexican food.  I asked a friend who lives in and is from Tempe, where I could take my out of town friend to get such food.  He said "Amados".  Since I trust this friends taste in food, I trusted he was right.  Ohhhh was he wrong.First there is only like 4 parking spots, and the drive-thru would be hard to maneuver thru if the parking lot was actually full.  When we walked in, it looked dirty, and like the place hadn't had the floors mopped in days.  I got the chicken burrito with sour cream and guacamole.  Mind you, I paid about $2.50 for extra guacamole since I'm a guacamole nut.  When our food was ready, there was some liquid green stuff on my burrito and liquid green stuff in a cup that I could only assume was the guac.  First, the small cup they charged me for wasn't even worth the extra $$ I paid.  Second, the guac was horrible.  It should not be liquid; I understand that some may not like it lumpy, but IT SHOULD NOT POUR!!  I figured I needed to have an open mind, I mean, my friend that recommended it never stopped raving about the place.  As I cut into my burrito, it was liquid on the inside.  It wasn't grease, it was like the water from boiled chicken; which the chicken had a funny taste to it.  I also believe for what I got, it was way overpriced.The bar that had extra salsa, carrots, etc I would not touch with a ten foot pole since it looked like it had been sitting there for hours and not changed out (it was on a mobile cart that had a broken leg).  Not once did any worker come out to check on the extra bar items. I'm only giving it a second star because the burrito was big and filling.  That's it. When I asked my friend why the hell he recommended it, he said because its open 24 hours, and late at night, its the best food to get.  I'm sorry, but I'd rather go to Denny's.
3	Amados may not look like much inside or out , but after a nite out or next day headache u just can't shake, this is an excellent cure. Not sure I would come here by myself, but then again I don't ever eat out alone. I've tried a lot and the carne Asada burritos are HUGE and soo good. Can never eat a whole one. Breakfast burritos are amazing, especially ham and cheese, and rolled tacos with guac and cheese are a must! They have really good red and green sauce, and a condiment bar with peppers, carrots sauces and more. Like I said its kinda sketchy, but get past that and It's a pretty great place! Much better then fil- yuckos !!!!!
3	Look beyond the uninviting store front, with windows protected by metal bars, and you'll find a decent restaurant with cheap quickie eats if you're craving Mexican food. It's nice that they are open 24 hours, so you can have a burrito, torta, or taco any time you want!We came in search of a breakfast burrito. They have several options here, all under $4. I chose the potato, egg, and cheese ($3.65). It was a hefty burrito, filled to the brim with breakfast ingredients. The textures in the burrito were all too similar, from the slighty mushy potato, the melted cheese, and the soft scrambled egg, and the taste was a bit one dimensional, which made this burrito subpar compared to the heavenly breakfast burritos at Los Favoritos. I had it with some of their hot sauce too, which they only offer in the red variety (Los Favs offers green and red). It was OK, but not as flavorful as hot sauces at other quickie burrito places I've been to.While they do have a dedicated parking lot, there are limited spots, especially when it's busy. We had to park around the corner in a residential area and dodge cars coming out of the drive-through lane to get to the entrance.I'll come here again to try some of their non-breakfast foods, but for now, they're just A-OK to me.
5	This place is great.  I have NEVER been disappointed.  My favorite is the Chile Relleno burrito.  I crave this sucker!
3	The best Carne asada fries and delicious hot sauce. I also enjoy the new breakfast burrito. The best thing about this place is it's open 24/7.
1	Disgusting food, got food poisoning on my birthday from eating the arizona burrito here yesterday.
4	I hate u because I love u too much Amados.. I've ruined me.. Literally. My jeans no longer fit..
5	But seriously, how does a half pound burrito make me 3 pounds heavier? Love must weigh a lot..
1	Best late night food ever.. Menudo is always good and the beans omg..
5	This place has great food at reasonable prices. There food never makes me ill and that says a lot since I just had surgery. They give you a lot for your money. I can mke 4 meals out of their #8 combo.
4	So I don't come here by choice really. Or rather, if I'm coming here for food I either somehow lost track of time and it's now one of the ONLY options in the same zip code or I got talked into it by a friend - after last call somewheres. This place gets really weird after midnight. I've seen drunken older women totally hit on the guy at the cash register - quite entertaining. Oh yeah - the food. There's food. I usually get either the carnitas plate or a carnitas burrito. Pretty good valuewise especially if you get the combo including drink. I'd say the carnitas here is a lot tastier then at the nearby 'berto's. They also have those fifty cent sticker machines that sell wacky stickers. I got one that says Butterface in the shape of a butterfingers bar - good times! Lotsa parking. Open all dang nite...
5	Oh my goodness this place is delicious. Best Mexican I've had since I've been down here. I wish it was a little cheaper, but it's worth it. I get the carne asada tacos and I crave them all the time.Check this place out!
5	Ok I forgive them for messing up my last order bc it's back to normal and beyond good now
1	The worst experience ever. My first time going was not fun. It literally took 16 minutes for one chicken taco and chips. When I finally got the taco it had a piece of metal in it. The chicken was cold and looked weird. I will never go there because it's not clean and the food suck.
