5	On its website, it says Fellini's is "two-time Zagat rated and voted "Most Romantic Restaurant" in the 2005 Best of Las Vegas Review-Journal Poll."  I had no idea about that while I was there, but I did enjoy myself.We were spending one night at Stratosphere, and needed dinner before heading up to sleep before waking up at five am for our flight.  Ugh.  So, this was kind of our goodbye.  We were sat directly by the host stand, so which was at the end of a row of tables made to look like patio dining, except that the whole restaurant is inside.  This happens a lot in Vegas, so I was kind of used to it at this point, but it feels half weird, and half like you really are dining afuera.Anyway, so we didn't get the whole picture for ambiance, since we technically never saw the inside, but the waiters really did seem Italian, which was kind of a neat touch, and the food was delicious.  We both had fabulous pasta, which was pretty authentically Italian but also had those American fixings we like so much (basically, cheese, and bring it.)  Prices were reasonable for Las Vegas, and the meal was probably the most delicious of our vacation.  Yummy!
5	Fellini's was much more reasonably priced than some of the other restaurants we ate at on our vacation, and was definitely my favorite. Our server was just adorable, and treated us (two out of place, scruffy looking college age kids) like we were at a much classier than we looked. I mean, the server pulled out the chair on the table for me, spread the napkin over my lap, always addressed me first, etc. The entire waitstaff was professional and unobtrusive, keeping our water glasses full without ever interrupting our conversation.I had the chicken paisano, and it was absolutely delicious--a meal much more delicious than the $15 it cost. My date had filet mignon, which he said was probably the best steak he'd had all year. We also ordered garlic bread, which was soaked in butter and then smothered in cheese, but somehow still managed to be delicious...still, I wouldn't recommend ordering it if you're trying to be health-conscious. Portion sizes were large, but not to the point where you can't finish everything on your plate. And Kristen is right--the patio area is really surprisingly cute.
4	This restaurant is inside the Stratosphere Hotel and Casino. Food and service was excellent and it is reasonably priced. Great desert menu !
2	I GOT FOOD POSIONING!! While eating their food, it tasted alright, nothing special but not disgusting either. It seemed to be a decent meal when a couple of hours later I was vomiting from their food. Not the best of ingredients if I was sick from them, and on top of that, the atmosphere was a little weird too. I'll give them some credit because it wasn't completely terrible but I'm pretty sure getting sick and throwing up from their food warrants a negative review.
3	Frederico Fellini was a brillant and enigmatic Italian director of films in the 50's, 60's and 70's. 4 of his films won an Oscar for best foreign film.If you talk to any film afficianado, they would recognize his titles, like La Dolce Vita, 8 1/2, La Strada, le notti de cabaria, and Amarcord . His movies were known for their psychological content, influenced by the famous Swiss psychologist Carl Jung, and their clever sexual innuendos (i.e. train entering a tunnel). He enjoyed the great Japanese Director, Akira Kurosawa, because they were both inspired by their own dream worlds, and Fellini influenced, by their own admissions, great international directors like Ingmar Bergman, Stanley Kubrick, Martin Scorcese and Bernado Bertolucci. He is considered by many one of the 10 best directors of all time. One of his characters in La Dolce Vita, named Paparazzo, who took pictures, inspired the term Paparazzi.This Fellini's isn't a legend like Frederico was, but it is a solid Italian restaurant in the Stratosphere Hotel and Casino. The prices, for Vegas, are reasonable, and the food is tasty and well done if not extraordinary and memorable. The Carpaccio ($12.95) was nice, with capers, dry cheese, olive oil and arugula; the Angel Hair pasta with Rapini ($18.95) was very good and a lot of food; the Fettucine Capri was enough for 2 with a nice sauce that was in between a cream and a tomato base. Garden Salad was $6.95.  A nice Ruffino Reserve red wine ($37.00) added to the enjoyment of the food, and the Tira Misu ($6.95) was classic and light.Service was good, although Steve, the best server, was off that day. Inside this Fellini's, you can get a good reliable Italian meal, unlike an unpredictable, wild and crazy, sexually charged Fellini Film. For something more like that, just step back out onto the Strip!
4	I love going to Fellini's. The service is always consistently great, and so is the food. The dining rooms are quiet little escapes painted to look like Italian villas, and it makes it very easy to forget you are in a casino. And that alone is a huge plus. Let's face it, I can cook better Italian at home, but sometimes, you just wanna go somewhere nice and have someone else do the work. The prices are very reasonable and the portions are sure to fill you up, and then some. I am a creature of habit, and always tend to get the same thing. I order the chicken parmesian and my ex always got the fettucini alfredo with chicken. The servings are big enough that you can share each others food, and still have plenty of what you ordered to enjoy. The alfredo is very rich but that's basically the point. The chicken parm is awesome it's a good sized breast (insert obligatory "that's what he said" joke here) and it comes with pasta. The complimentary bread is pretty good; not "oh my god amazing!", but good. The garlic bread is decent. The house wines are pretty reasonable as well.I never have any complaints and the prices are on par with most Italian restaurants. So I say you shouldn't be disappointed giving Fellini's a shot.
5	Ok so to start I didn't expect much it's a resturant in the hotel. I figured it would be ok. But no the food wad amazing. Our waiter was ok. But Louis the bust boy was working his a** off I have never seen someone work so hard before at a ristorante. We complement mangement and I hope they took us serious, the food was geat but louis really impressed us. I hope to come back soon. -goose
5	Absolutely amazing food and service. The stuffed shrimp is fantastic and the chocolate mousse is to die for. We went back over and over again!
5	We used to stay at the stratosphere all the time. Unfortunately the location and lack of nightlife has caused us to look towards other options when visiting vegas; about once every two months. However, we have enjoyed Fellini's so much from when we were staying at the hotel, we still come here for an italian dining experience. I especially enjoy getting it to go and eating it in the room but if you're not staying upstairs it may get cold. My advice: there's way too much food per entree to eat in one sitting anyway. Share it with the person you're with or make sure your hotel room has a fridge and something to warm it up with. Last time we came, our suite had a fridge and I brought a mini-toaster to warm up the leftovers from wherever we ate. It was definitely a great idea at 2 in the morning after partying. Fellini's leftovers were definitely the best. I had the filet mignon with gnochi and she had the jumbo shrimp pasta. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu though. 5 Stars hands down.
1	I cannot believe this restaurant actually has good reviews, so perhaps I was incredible unlucky and everything went wrong in the kitchen. Anyway, here is my lousy experience: We were staying at the Stratosphere and where too lazy to go out to eat at some other location. So we agreed to check out the Italian restaurant inside the hotel. The place was cute, lots of people in there so we figured that it had to be good. The service was good and I water was really nice. I asked him what he recommended and he suggested the Mediterranean Linguine and since I love seafood I went with it. We were a party of four so we also ordered an appetizer of stuffed mushroom and garlic cheese bread. The appetizer came and the mushroom was alright. Nothing out of this world, it was all covered in a tick layer of cheese, so of course it was going to taste good. That was about the only thing that tasted good in our entire meal. The garlic bread was terrible. It was literally old bread with melted cheese and no garlic flavor. My pasta was discusting! All the seafood was chewy and over cooked. So I tried to eat just the pasta alone and it tasted horrible too! Everyone in my party ordered something different and no one finished their meals. The two gusys ordered steak and I guess it was ok (they both said that the one at the buffet was better) but their sides of potatoes and pasta tasted horrible. The other girl that was with us ordered veal parmesane and she barely touched it.Then we got the $120 dollar tab , with gratuity included I have to add. And it was painfly to pay. EVERYTHING TASTED TERRIBLE! First time this happens to me anythwhere. Anyway, never EVER coming back
2	This place is conveniently located in the Stratosphere, but the food is NOWHERE near the quality of the price. I could have been unlucky or just picked the wrong dishes, but I felt a little robbed. The service was great - attentive, professional, and just charming. My water was never half full, and the complimentary bread was awesome. I ordered the eggplant parmesan, and my boyfriend got the Mediterranean seafood linguine. The portions are really huge, which some people like, but I'd choose quality over quantity any day. His dish was full of seafood and linguine, but the seafood was not well-cooked (some was good but other pieces were rubbery) and the flavor of the sauce was really bland. My eggplant parmesan had a good flavor, but it was a tad oily and the side really wasn't well-planned. Every entree includes a side of either pasta or potatoes. Potatoes as a side didn't fit the eggplant parmesan, so I chose the pasta. I assumed, since Fellini's is an Italian restaurant, that the pasta would be good, but I swear the pasta I make at home is better. They served the spiral pasta with the most bland marinara sauce, no cheese or anything. It was something out of a cafeteria. The eggplant tasted really great; it was breaded and cooked well, so it melted in my mouth, but the sauce was the same average marinara sauce. Of course, like most chain Italian places, they put an overwhelming amount of cheese over everything. Overall, I would not go back.
5	Every time I come to this restaurant the food is delicious and the service is great. While you wait for your meal they give you the classic Italian bread with butter in basil olive oil. So yummy. They have a filet mignon gnocci that is to die for. I always make sure to stop here whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	Stayed at Stratosphere for the weekend and ended up eating here twice. The food is delicious. The prices are great for the pasta dishes and reasonable for the meat dishes, and wine by the glass prices are excellent, too.We received excellent, friendly service both nights. I also appreciated that there are many healthier options on the menu, which is a pleasant change from the usual Las Vegas buffet. I LOVED the pasta primavera and highly recommend it if you are a vegetarian or just looking for a fresh and light-tasting meal.
4	This place was a very last minute find, because we were STARVING, but it was so nice inside! We were looking for somewhere somewhat sophisticated, and this was just perfect. The walls are painted as if you are walking the streets of Italy, with flowers in the windows and cobblestone roads. Our server was a little interesting..but entertaining. He pulled out his chair and sat down at our table to take our orders...HA! But he definitely knew his stuff.. he didn't write anything down and all of it was correct to the T. The food was alright, nothing too fancy. I had veal marsala and it could have had a little more shabang to it... But still a good meal. The carbonara was amazing though (once again...sharing plates...)!! Although that dish is usually always a winner... This place would be great for a hot date, intimate family meal (not great for little kids though), or just good friends. And prices are pretty reasonable for the fairly elegant setting.
3	My family is currently staying at the stratosphere so we decided to check this place out because it was located in the hotel. The only reason this place got 3 stars from me is because my family like their dishes which lead me to believe i must have chosen the wrong dish. I had chicken Alfredo which is a very safe dish and alot of places make very good alfredo...boy was i wrong. The blacken chicken just tasted like charcol and the Parmesan sauce tasted like creamy nothing. I had to pile on a mountain of Parmesan cheese on top to get a small amount of flavor. Especially for the price I was not please. I might and that a very weak might return to this restaurant if i can find a more flavorful dish.
4	The restaurant was a surprise. The food was really good and the place was fine. The Veal Piccata was excellent but the portion was small. Maybe because it was so rich. Highly recommended.
4	This place is the bomb!!! I had the Chicken Paisano and it was beyond delicious. The interior of the restaurant is beautiful. You would not know it standing from the outside. As soon as you head into the main dinner area, the decor is designed to make you feel as though you were dining in Italy. It was really pretty. The waiters were very attentive. They were dressed well and were professional. I will definitely come back here.
4	unexpectedly delicious.even though the loud wallpaper didn't reenact italy for me,, the food and service compensated for..came here with my non exploratory traditional asian folks and they loved it so hence the extra brownie pointsthe garlic cheese bread was on point, not too buttery, cheesy and noticably GARLIC-ky. MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. Ciabatta style, good touch.Penne with Lobster and Asparagus- mmmmmm. so cheesily good and worked well with the lobster. Linguine Mediterranean - yum. too much "rubber band looking' calamari but everything else on the dish......clams, mussels, shrimps, scallops was plentiful. and the linguine wasn't overcooked, YAY!  very delightful. wished my folks drank red wine so i could've popped a bottle but then drinking four glasses on your own while your parents stared on...in dreadful silence....is a bit of a foolish move.so i went with a GLASS of house red merlot which worked, merrily we rolled aong.great dine at the strato'! woot woot.
3	I thought Fellini's was just okay. The shrimp royale was very good and wish that was the entree in itself. The service was okay, not bad on water refills. The entrees were just okay, I ordered veal and it was stuffed. It was too salty for me and the potatoes were overcooked. My friends wagyu beef was a little bit tough and chewy, and that alone is kind of disappointing.
5	The hotel this place is in, the Stratosphere, is a dump.  But Fellini's is excellent, even by Vegas standards.  One note:  the portions are HUGE.  Share!  We got the stuffed portobello mushroom and the Mediterranean linguine.The house bread is served warm and crispy.  It comes with a little bowl of olive oil/vinaigrette dip which oddly has two scoops of butter in it.  Scoop out the butter and just use the dip.The portobello mushroom was delicious.  Different layers and lots of melted cheese.  I could definitely taste the crab, the caramelized onions, and the two different types of mushrooms.My date got the Mediterranean Linguine.  It had a bit too much spiciness to it. Also, the sauce was too thin for my liking.The bread plus the linguine dish would have been more than enough for two people to share.The prices are a bit high but keep in mind the portions reflect this.  Two adults that love to eat could go and fill up on just the bread and two appetizers.The service was excellent.
5	Fellini's is a great little restaurant in the Stratosphere. Granted, the Stratosphere is not the Four Season's but, Fellini's is definitely worth a visit. I did not expect much when a friend an I sat down for dinner here but, I was pleasantly surprised. The cheese ravioli was absolutely delicious. Even the bread with olive oil and butter spread was amazing. The pizza, chicken Alfredo, and Caesar salad are also yummy dishes. The portions are large and the prices are fair. The atmosphere is dark and very intimate. The staff was very friendly and very attentive.
1	UN-expectantly the worst Filet Mignon I have ever had. Outside of the steak was burnt, dry and tasteless but inside is medium well. $30 for the black steak cardboard.AND the server didn't even bother to ask how was our meals, refill drinks or refill bread?! But rest assured they automatically add 18% gratuity even though I think they didn't deserved it. Check totaled $97 for four adults. RIDICULOUS! NEVER HERE AGAIN, EVEN IF IT'S FREE.
4	This used to be one of our regular places to eat, but over time we drifted away, tonight it was time to change that."Our" waiter was still working there, he still remembered our drink choices and when it came time to order, he simply asked "the usual", well it had been over a year since we had eaten there, but sure why not.So to start, a simple Caesars salad was standard fair, no major surprises there.I had the chicken Paisano, still as good as ever, instead of the house potatoes I get it with the risotto, just a personal preference, but it is good.The wife had the carbonara, this is the stand out dish, many places will not make it in the traditional way, Fellini's does and it shows.Service was good, the food is good, the prices are very reasonable.
4	When my boyfriend and I am in Vegas we usually stay at the Stratosphere.  The food here is actually really good and the service is great.  You get huge portions so either save room or split with someone.  I havent had a bad dish there yet and I hve been at least 4/5 times. Check it out if you visit, you cant go wrong with any of the pasta dishes!
4	The bread was exteaordinary! I had Salmon and was ok.
3	Went here while on a vacation in an attempt to try a mid-range Strip restaurant. Being located actually in the Stratosphere Casino, we figured it would be a tourist trap place, on par with casual places you would find at Macaroni Grill or Carrabba's, and we were right Admittedly, the service was great. I rate service, and my tip percentage, based on how well the waiter can keep my water glass full (I down glasses like I just spent 2 months in the desert), and I never once found mine empty. Unfortunately, this is where the greatness ended. The food was moderately priced (on par or only slightly more than you would find in an average sit-down place), but was only moderately flavored. Besides the side Caesar salad I had, everything we ordered was bland and deemed unfinishable about halfway through. Any sense of atmosphere or intimacy was ruined by the somewhat tacky paintings/furnishings and loud, stereotypical Las Vegas strip patrons.Overall, not the worst place to find an alternative to Olive Garden if you are staying on the Strip. But if you are wanting to taste some authentic Italian fare, you are better off doing as the locals and finding something far away from the Strip.
3	The food is definitely better than the service. The place was empty when we went, and our server certainly didn't hide his disappointment in our small order of one pizza and two glasses of wine. I hate being made to feel responsible for a server's entire evening, or made to feel as if I'm a waste of their time when the restaurant is otherwise empty.
4	Ordered pasta and a salad. Loved both...
5	Wow is all I can say about this place!  Chef Joe Siano is an unbelievable chef and his food makes you feel like you're back East, just like mama used to make!!  The pasta dishes are yummy!  I love the ravioli, fettuccini, lasagna, etc etc!!!!  They also offer a steak menu and have various seafood dishes and veal and chicken.  You have to try it for yourself! The wait staff and bartenders are professional and friendly, they know how to make you feel like family!  If you're a local from Vegas, don't miss out on this restaurant.  If you are a visitor, plan on making it one of your stops!  Guarantee you will come back!!
5	Wow, I was really surprised by this place. I love Italian food, and this place was delicious. I was skeptical because the prices are so reasonable... yet the food is amazing, service is excellent, and portions are huge! For classic American-Italian dishes, this is the place to go! Definitely an affordable, yet nice dinner out.
1	Judging from the other reviews here, I must have come on an off-day. My wife and I picked this place because of the high reviews for an Italian restaurant in that part of town, and we went in with high expectations. The first disconcerting thing is that the perspective on the frescoes on the wall is just subtly off enough to give you vertigo the moment you walk into the dining area. Starting off the meal with a faint sense of ill-ease doesn't help the experience. They have beautiful white cloth tablecloths on the table - they cover that with a big sheet of paper, which totally detracts from the ambiance. Then came our waiter. I don't know if he had left his girlfriend in the walk-in freezer mid-stroke and was anxious to get back to her, but he was about halfway through our drink order before he was already running away. I almost had to shout across the dining area to get him to hear that both of us wanted a drink, and not just my wife. He disappeared for a long time, and resurfaced after I'd decided, forgotten, and re-decided what I wanted to eat.  We put in our order, he disappeared. He returned a reasonable amount of time later with our carpaccio.The carpaccio was, quite simply, delicious. However, at any of the other highly-priced Italian restaurants in this city, for the same price, we'd get about double. I expected better; at this point, I was already regretting not going to Scarpetta or The Grotto. Once we finished that, they brought out the bread. Normally, in other restaurants, that comes before the appetizer, but, hey, however they want to do it. I ordered the Tortellini Abbruzzese. It had a nice flavor, but could have benefited from using prosciutto instead of sausage. A stylistic choice of the chef with which I don't agree, I'm sure, but it would have made it more enjoyable to me. That said, I still enjoyed it. My wife, however, ordered the Linguine Mediterranean. The seafood in it was probably fresh three days prior to us ordering it; by the time it arrived at our table, however, it had a distinctly Billingsgate odor and taste. It was not pleasant. At $22 for a pasta dish, I expect fresh seafood in it. Fortunately, when we got home and gave the three-fourths of it that we had left over to the dogs, they were ok with it. And, of course, my wife won't be happy until I point out that, unlike other quality Italian restaurants, they gave us that nasty Kraft Parmesan-substitute cheese, instead of some fresh-grated Romano or something else of note. Again, the disconnect between what they pretend to be and how they execute is staggering. It's like they're trying to be Olive Garden at Batali prices. It doesn't make sense. Finally, the waiter, whose conspicuous absence the whole evening was keenly felt, came back and tried to get all chummy with us to order desert. If he'd interacted with us in any way, I'd not have felt my skin crawl during the interaction; however, since he had reacted to us as if we had leprosy from the moment we sat, it came across as smarmy and car-salesman-y.  I hated every second I was in the place, and cannot understand the glowing reviews this place gets. Since I can't imagine that all of the other reviewers are idiots, it really MUST have been just an off night last night. Too bad it was SO far off that they will never get a chance to prove that to me. I wouldn't even accept a free meal from them. If you are looking for a good night out of high-quality Italian food, hit up the places where Scott Conant and Mario Batali have restaurants. If you want a smaller name, hit the Grotto at Golden Nugget. If you want cheap and edible, go to Olive Garden or Strings. If you want to drop a ton of cash on stuff that my kids could knock together in our kitchen, go to Fellini's.
5	Being it's in the Stratosphere I wasn't expecting much.This place was great from top to bottom! The service was on point. The food and drinks came out in a timely manner and everything from the pasta to the pizza was delicious.I had a all meat pizza, chicken parmigiana, and cheesy garlic bread and was pleased with everything. They also have a full bar in the restaurant. If you have a players card give it to the waiter for 10% off your bill. The decor  is romantic  with dim lighting.
4	The first comment I can say is true Italian!  I'm Italian and I've been making pasta sauce for years - family recipe!  My husband loves my sauce but I have to say, after ordering the lasagna and a side of meatballs, I think he's found another sauce that competes!  He loved it and we have been to many Italian restaurants without that reaction.I ordered the clams with pasta - excellent!  The service was also top notch, friendly (they even took our picture for us)!  If you happen to be in Vegas for a short trip (as we were), don't pass up Fellini's - no matter what you hear about the other more advertised Italian Restaurants.  Take it from someone who cooks Italian - this is the place to eat Italian!
4	Loved our dining experience at Fellinis. They even had a whole gluten free menu! consisting of pastas, sauces, etc... boy have i missed alfredo sauce! my boyfriend and i both shared the smoked salmon appetizer. delish! a piece of chilled smoked salmon dressed with capers, oil vinegar with a side of smokey cream cheese. for my entree i had a shrimp alfredo with gluten free pasta. it was so amazing. Steve our server was phonom too. i will def make my way to the stratosphere just for this restaurant.
4	It was fine food but I want more flavors. My wife and I both liked our food and the service was fine nothing stood out. It wasn't toad nor awesome it was fine and yes I would go back
5	I ordered take out to eat in my room, since I was all by my lonesome!  I was apprehensive about ordering at first looking at prices on the menu, but it's Vegas, so I called in my order!  When I first opened my to go container I was not very confident that it would be any better than the chicken Marsala from Olive Garden. To be fare-it was to go. Let me tell you that my first bite, and every bite after, was absolutely delicious! I savored every single piece.  The chicken was so juicy and the sauce was the best Marsala I've tasted. I will make it a point to go back to this restaurant! The bread and butter was even fantastic!
5	Best italian food ive had. I would definetly come back. Came here for my girlfriend and I 3 year anniversary.  And we both loved it. Staff is good. Food came out perfect. Very good pricing for place like this. Cant wait to go back
5	My favorite Italian restaurant!  Always great service.  The stuffed portabello is to die for.
5	Oh man are these people are great! I had my rehearsal dinner for my wedding here in a nice private room in the back. We had a pre-fixed menu for 28 with 4 courses. Antipasti, ravioli, salad or soup and then a choice of 4 entrees. Basic beverages were included. All of the food was great! Fresh, seasoned well and presented lovely. They allowed my guests to start a tab if they wanted alcoholic beverages. The entire staff was VERY accommodating. Stephano our waiter was exceptional (I hope I got his name right)! :) I highly recommend this restaurant!
4	Outstanding service with good food. A bit pricey but very generous entree portions that are perfectly cooked and well-presented. You will be nicely taken care of in an inviting setting.
5	What a wonderful surprise!! My (now-husband) and I made reservations here for our small wedding reception, including a package dinner option for about 35 people.Pros that can apply to everyone who's not going here for a wedding:1. Flexibility: The manager was very reasonable about different food options, offered not to charge for the under-10s who didn't want to eat fancy food, different bar/drink packages for the guest, and accommodating the Elvis we had come and perform during dinner. It's nice to talk to a normal person who isn't in the rule-stickler, customer-service-automaton mode.2. The waitstaff was FANTASTIC!  I don't say this that easily, but our main host came in and introduced himself to the whole party before giving us a run-down of the evening (he didn't know we were there as a wedding party until we told him later in the night), made jokes and great conversation, and kept all the food and drinks flowing all night. It turns out he speaks 6 languages (impressive much), and was just a very enjoyable, easy-going guy.3. The Stratosphere might not look like the fanciest joint, but this place is nice inside and the food was exceptional while still being affordable. We had uh-may-zing proscuitto appetizers, delicious salads, yada yada yada..... and even though it's on the casino floor, it's tucked inside it's own little quiet world, with cozy lights and comfy rooms :)Most of our guests have specifically praised the dinner since the wedding, and I couldn't be happier with our choice!
3	Pretty much an average place - decent food, friendly service and Nice scenery. The piazza was especially oily and enough food for two. The salad was also good. Very convenient since it's inside the hotel.
3	Not bad...not good. We had food voucher so it was worth it to me.
4	Ok Raviolis were awesome! Incredible tiramisu as well. Wine selection was not that great. Service impeccable!
5	I had the grilled lamb chop and it was wonderful! We also had the stuffed portabello which was a very large stuffed mushroom. Im used to mini stuffed mushrooms, so this was a nice surprise! One of my friends got lasagna and the other had pasta. They enjoyed their meal as well but i believe mine took the cake!
5	Love this place..We got there to eat even though we are not staying near that hotel. The prices are not cheap but the food is good especially the pizza. Usually busy after 700pm the same staff has been there for  the past ten years..
5	This place is amazing! We were staying on site and were looking for dinner for our anniversary. My husband is Italian so I rarely suggest Italian restaurants but after reading reviews I took a chance. So glad I did!The service was amazing. Fastest service ever. Literally minutes for our main dishes to be served. We had the bruschetta for an appetizer and right away knew we had made a good choice. The bread was perfect and the tomatoes were delicious. My husband special ordered a penne all'arrabbiata that was not on the menu. They hit the nail on the head. A little spicier than normal but delicious. Perfect pink sauce. I ordered the Tortellini Abbruzzese. Holy cow! It was amazing. Just so so good. The peas with the sausage were a delicious combination. The tortellini was cooked to perfection. Will definitely come back and ready told my friends about it! Nice work Fellini's.
5	On March 8,2014 we had the wedding of our dreams and everything went perfect!  We had reservations at Fellini's for dinner for our special day! From the moment we entered Felinni's it felt warm and welcoming! When we got to our table our cake was in the center of the table. When I ordered the cake (Chocolate Bavarian Creme cake) I thought it was a regular cake but it was a perfect wedding cake decorated with white frosting and pink roses.  If you visit Fellini's ask for Steve! He made our Wedding dinner unforgettable and remembered everyone's name in our group.  The food is perfecto and you will leave wanting more! My husband had rib eye steak with their house sauce that melted in your mouth!!!! I had tortellini that was delicious!!! The steak was so good we had to go back again a few days later!!!  If you are in Vegas this is the place to get awesome food and an experience you will never forget!
4	Good value with groupon coupon. Attentive waiters and good steaks
5	We had our wedding dinner here after doing the ceremony in the Chapel upstairs.They gave us a private room for our party of 19 and despite being a party of 19, allowed us to order off the menu instead of doing a set menu. They said they would not have been able to accommodate if there was a second wedding party that night so we lucked out.Like every restaurant, not every dish is a winner but there wasn't anything that stood out as bad and most people enjoyed their food.Service was fantastic. Our waiter took care of our every need and made sure everyone was having a good time. We were made to feel welcome and appreciated.The kitchen staff are also to be commended as the food managed to pretty much come out all at the same time. That's excellent kitchen management.Our wedding cake was also excellent. We got white cake with strawberry filling and chocolate ganache. Even people who don't normally like cake, liked this one.You should definitely come here.
5	First of all-- I had the best Italian food and dining experience of my life here while I was in LV. I used a TravelZoo coupon to try this place out, and now I know to come over here for dinner as much as I can. Another reason to go over to Vegas. My mom and I took a cab here since it was pretty far from where we were staying, and it was the best decision ever. EVER.Service: The waiter we had was a very kind and friendly gentleman. We tipped very generously-- it was completely justified.Appetizers:Bread: Came with butter in olive oil flavored with lemon and some other herbs. The bread was crunchy on the outside, soft and warm in the inside. Good bread is always a good sign in a restaurant, and they did this well.Mozzarella caprese: BIG SOFT slices of mozzarella that melt in your mouth. with slices of tomato and big leaves of basil. To the other person complaining about the basil not having flavor... Girl. Please. It's basil. It's supposed to be fragrant and balance out the rest of the dish, including the sharp flavor of the balsamic vinegar and olives. The heck were you expecting? The salad alone made me full, but I kept trucking through. It was fresh and clean-tasting.Minestrone soup: OH my gosh. I had lowered expectations about this item because I never had good minestrone before (only the kind they serve in college dorms... eugh). This was unreal in the world of soups. It was a clear broth with some pasta and soft vegetables-- seemingly simple, but AMAZINGLY flavorful! It was piping hot and just tasty. Yes, m'am. It was a big ol' bowl, too.Entrees:Swordfish steak: I chose this dish because I had an unfortunate experience with a steak meal at Mon Ami Gabi the previous night, and I needed a change. The fish was thick and lean and filling, and it went well with the garlic-tomato sauce and house potatoes and veggies. The potatoes were actually flavorful and not like, well, potatoes! I was very impressed, and the meal was not so overwhelming and heavy which is what I needed that night.Shrimp alfredo: BIG serving of pasta in a rich cream sauce and several pieces of seasoned shrimp. It was pretty good! I'm just not a fan of alfredo pasta, but my mom didn't complain. They have an extensive list of pasta dishes that I want to try next time.Dessert:Tiramisu: The waiter came out with a big, attractive tray of different kinds of cake and sweets (red velvet, snickers cake, cheesecake, chocolate cake, cannolis, creme brulee, parfait, etc.) but we went with the tiramisu. I was skeptical because I haven't had good tiramisu so I always assumed I didn't like it, but I let my mom choose.It. Was. Amazing.The tiramisu grabbed me by my collar and tossed me into the fourth dimension.It guided me through the genesis and the End.I believe the waiter said the tiramisu was imported from Italy-- he must have meant heaven. Or another universe. Because no way could that have been from this plane of existence.The square piece of tiramisu, dusted with powder sugar, was the silkiest, softest, most heavenly and angelic dessert experience I ever had. I think I heard harp and strings music flow through when I cut a piece of the tiramisu with a fork. Whatever. Laugh at me if you want. I don't care because it was THAT amazing. You will never have the tiramisu I had unless you come over to this place, or go to the bakery somewhere in Italy this restaurant supposedly got it from.We had the dessert with a cup of delicious coffee, which I felt was brewed with tender love and care. The quality shone through the entire meal. Yes, m'am. Yes.Again, I was staying and shopping around at the end of the Strip during my time in Vegas but the trip to Fellini's was well worth it. Please go here, no matter where you are staying. At least once, if not eleven times. Big portions, big flavor, great atmosphere and service.
4	Went here with my boyfriend this past Saturday on a Travelzoo voucher.  Having used a voucher once before on another Italian restaurant in Vegas(Capos) and being quite disappointed, I was a little bit anxious about this one.  However, I needn't be.  We were staying at the Cosmopolitan so we took a taxi down to the Stratosphere...it was worth the trip.  Cute restaurant with various different Italian scenes painted on the walls.  Our server was very friendly and helpful.   Our voucher was for two salads/soups...two entrees...and one dessert.  I had been wanting just some good ol' spaghetti and meatballs...and that is what I got.  It was very good.  I'm not sure that i could say the BEST I have ever had...but it was pretty darn good.  The boyfriend had a rib eye and was quite impressed!  The only bad thing was that the portions were large....and by the time we had eaten our salads...one garden salad..one Caesar..and the yummy bread...we didn't have much room left!  Fortunately...our hotel room had a microwave...so we brought home leftovers which the boyfriend had for breakfast the next morning!  All in all....a very enjoyable experience!
3	3 stars for ambience and 2 stars for the food. I ordered a filet and my husband ordered a ribeye. My husband is big meat and potatoes guy.. He couldn't even finish his steak. Both our steaks were extremely overcooked and we waited and hour to get them before they even come out. Apparently they have to kill your cow and then overcook the hell out of it before they serve it. We did enjoy the huge basket of bread provided. The sides including the pasta and house potatoes were bland. Wouldn't come back here.
4	Absolutely tremendous Ossobuco. Easily some of the best I've ever had. Rissotto was very good and the wait staff was very friendly. The only reason I'm not giving this a 5 star is the wait time was a bit much It took our our table (12+) almost 20 minutes to be served from the first entree to the last which made some of our food to be cool by the time we able to salute each other. Regardless, the food here makes up for almost any wait time!
5	Delicious.  Absolutely delicious.  Good service, at the pace the entire rest of the world enjoys.  You aren't rushed from course to course.  Only Americans like to have plate after plate slammed down in front of them with no time to talk or digest in between.  Our 3 course dinner took us about an hour to enjoy. Servers were attentive but not clingy.  I had the Caprese Salad and Osso Bucco.  My sister had the Caesar salad and Lamb Chops.  It was the most delicious Osso Bucco I have had in years.  Dessert was fun.  I'm not a chocolate addict, and wanted the Tiramisu, but the Mousse pie was tasty. Wine list is average.  If you're not in the far part of the Strip, it may not be worth the taxi fare, but if you have a coupon or special it is worth breaking even.
1	I wish I went to the same restaurant the people before me went to because I did not have as great of experience as everyone else did. First I'll start with some numbers:Overall Experience: 1/10Ambience: 8/10Service: 1/10Food: 6/10We had a large party and seating was fast but after that, there wasn't much of anything. We ordered our drinks and it took 15 minutes just to get them out despite the face that there were some servers just hanging out outside the kitchen (in front of where we were seated)Once drinks were out the severs were not attentive at all. I had to wait to grab the servers attention after 20 minutes just to get water. Once orders were taken it took 45 minutes to get food out. The reason I'm giving it a 1 star isn't just the fact that the food was cold and it took a really long time, but when food was being served, a server spilled my drink on the table and just put my plate over the spill. All he had to say was "oops" and then he walked away. I had to use my own napkin to absorb the water and had to wait 5 minutes for the next available server just to get clean silverware. The previous server didn't even bother refilling my drink until I asked him if I could please get more.
3	We went because we had a Travel Zoo voucher. Not a bad deal but I think we ordered wrong.The restaurant is very clean and I like the charming decor. Some might say it is kitschy but it is well done and pleasant to look at. The service is equally good. An overall nice experience.The meal:Warm bread with butter and oil -very goodShrimp Caesar salad - tasty and extremely generous portion of grilled shrimpLamb chops - average but a very generous portion. The sauce was not necessary. Filet Mignon - worst steak ever. I really think it was a sirloin and not a filet. We each took one bite and then just left it. Didn't return it since we were using a coupon. Very low quality of beef. Probably should have ordered something other than steak.Godiva chocolate mousse cake- above average but a little too sweet for my taste.
5	We had our wedding on June 29th and the service was great once again. The dinner for 13 with drinks and dinner along with desert was under 700. That included the tip and all costs. Would recommend to anyone looking for a beautiful setting for a Romantic dinner. Very happy once again..
5	I was absolutely pleased and satisfied with the quality of both the service and the food at Fellini's! My boyfriend and I made reservations for 6:30pm and were immediately seated in a beautiful room with a high painted ceiling of clouds and a wall that had a beautiful painting of something straight out of Venice! This place had a romantic vibe with dim lighting and plenty of tables for groups of two and more. After being seated, the water guy immediately filled our cups. After deciding on our orders we were given a basket of bread with a delicious butter and seasoned olive oil spread. Our first basket of bread tasted stale but the next basket was SO warm, fluffy, and tasty. Check groupon for deals! We had a groupon for two entrees and two soups or salads. They want you to reserve a table ahead of time, which you can do online or via phone. When you do, make sure to say that you have a groupon with the reservation.Entrees came with either house potatoes or pasta of the day.I had the Garden Salad with honey mustard dressing and the North Atlantic Salmon seasoned with a blend of spices, grilled then topped with a lemon caper cream sauce. I had their house potatoes with my order.My boyfriend had the shrimp caesar salad with caesar dressing and the Osso Buco Milanese, a veal shank braised in a sauce of vegetables and tomatoes, served with risotto Milanese.Ohmygoodness the food was SO good, I can't even begin to describe it. I don't know what they put in that honey mustard dressing, but it's the best I've had so far! I never had lemon caper cream sauce before and I found it absolutely delicious paired with my salmon. I am a big salmon lover, but 3/4 of the way through I got kinda sick of it....or maybe I was already halfway full from the bread and salad loll. The potatoes were super tasty as well! I think the waiter said it was cooked with wine! Even though I felt so stuffed and bloated, I couldn't help but steal some of my boyfriend's veal, which was the BOMB. At his first bite, he closed his eyes and made noises that showed just how good it was! The meat was so tender and just fell off the bone. They gave him a cutest little fork to eat out of the bone marrow.The taste and texture of the meat was reminded me of Chinese braised beef!  The risotto was kinda weird for me because it looked like really dry mac n' cheese but tasted okay. His dish was HUGE. He was only able to finish a little more than half of the plate. We ended up packing up our food and giving it to a homeless lady since we couldn't keep it in the hotel. This place is quite expensive but very worth every dollar; and our groupon definitely helped. I would recommend this place if anyone is in the area! Only negative thing I can say is that it's unfortunate the Stratosphere is all of the way at the other end of the main festivities of the strip so it took us an hour to walk from Caesar's Palace to here. And come earlier because around 7pm the place began filling up fast. There was barely anyone here when we came at 6:30.
4	TIPS: Free valet parking at the stratosphere. After walking in to the building from valet parking, head towards the CASHIER sign and make a right. Go all the way down, pass the poker room and you'll find it tucked away on the left. Also, TravelZoo coupon online, deal ends 9/30/2014.So I may be slightly biased because we bought the travel zoo coupon and everybody knows that a good deal always seems to make food taste better. Well at least in my family haha Despite the voucher's fine print that limits one coupon per table, the restaurant was more than happy to let us use 2 coupons for our party of four. For $49 you get a soup/salad (specialty salads too, like shrimp caesar, caprese, etc.), an entree up to $32.95 in value (which is basically everything but 2 dishes on the menu), and a dessert to share (any of the desserts on the list.) They automatically added the gratuity which is a percentage of the actual bill price but it still is a pretty sweet deal. First they bring out fresh bread and butter that is sitting on a bed of minced roasted garlic with olive oil. Really yummy. We also ordered some chardonnay- a liter was only $20 so each of use had about 2 glasses which I thought was a good deal.  I ordered the mozzarella caprese (large slices of fresh cheese!), my aunt's chicken caesar was pretty big, and two other had the tomato salad. For our entrees, my dad's linguine with clams was overflowing with shellfish, I had the gnocchi with filet mignon, my step moms lamb shanks comes with about 5 shanks, and my aunt's rib eye was huge. We all were pleasantly surprised. Lastly, we picked the tiramisu and godiva chocolate mousse cake. Yum and yum.Service was a little slow at first but once we told them we had a show to catch shortly after dinner, they were much more attentive and told the chef so that we could get out of there on time. Overall I think we still saved quite a bit of money, so if you're unsure at least check it out with the coupon to see if ya dig it as much as we did.
3	They do not make it clear on the travelzoo voucher that you are limited to specific items.  If i had known I would have passed on this place.  My wife and I then had to choose some stuff we didnt really want and was disappointed overall with how the food tasted.
2	This restaurant was terrible! We ordered the swordfish, not good, covered in a red tomato sauce, came with potatoes that looked like parsnips - not appetizing at all. We had the veal and it was hard and dry, but covered in a salty sauce. The caprese salad was great, the minestrone soup was good but no meat or legumes just vegetables. The tiramisu was excellent. Sad, we thought it was going to be our highlight but what a dissappointment!
4	This is a great place. We had a Travelzoo voucher which helped. The shrimp on the caesar was fabulous as was the veal. Hubby had the porterhouse and minestrone both which were gone from plate and bowl by the time he was done. Finished off with the turtle cheesecake - yum. Very quiet place, fabulous service - our waiter was Steve - request him if possible. Oh and I loved the background music playing. We will be back for certain.
4	In my opinion, this is the best restaurant inside stratosphere. Seated immediately, friendly courteous and timely server with a visit from the chef himself, good portions, fair price, cool ambiance and pleasant atmosphere. Was casual but had an option to be romantic and dressy. Tasty. Fulfilling. And authentic. My kind of Italian joint.
4	Wow! A hidden treasure in Vegas for affordable, delicious Italian food. I had the tenderloin tips with gnocchi mushroom sauce - oh so rich, but fabulous. Hubby had the Gorgonzola filet with roasted potatoes - he loved it. Tons of food - plenty leftovers for the weekend. Jeff our friendly server recommended the cheesecake. Yum! Will go back next month. Thanks Travelzoo for the intro. There were tons of incredible items to choose from. Did my homework and it paid off to order what others raved about.
3	Our waiter was , well, strange!, giving OK service. Food was ok, but not outstanding. The rooms and decor were nice and had a quietness to it.. Nothing spectacular.
1	Well we tried it.  The veal and ribeye extremely tough. A very cheap cut of meat.  The price was $32 for each dish very expensive for a local type pizzeria. Not a very good one. My husband ordered the veal stuffed with cheese. Both meals where equally bad. Save your time and money. Servers were nice food was terrible. I wonder if the food and beverage directors taste their own product.
5	This is a hidden gem of Vegas.  From the looks of the entrance, you'd never guess that this place is a full fledged restaurant.  Matter of fact, it looks like a 10 table bar at first view from the host/hostess station.  We were pleasantly surprised to find the Italian styled glory as we were seated in the actual dining area.  Gorgeous murals abound.  The waitstaff was top-notch and the food was outstanding.  Don't let this place pass you by.  This was our best dinner in Vegas.
5	Excellent place. Husband's Chicken marsala was fantastic. I had a pasta with steak pieces (can't remember the name) and that was very good too. Next time we will try some desserts because we ordered so much nothing could fit anymore.
4	This was a pleasant new find for me and my party of four!We began with golden and lightly fried Calamaretti Fritti (both rings and tentacles) served with a rich and addictive Marinara Sauce that had a devilish kick to it, and a Shrimp Cocktail.  The Shrimps were cold and meaty, served with traditional Cocktail Sauce.  We also enjoyed fresh and doughy Italian Bread with butter resting on herbs and EVOO.  The bread was really tasty. Next up for me was a bowl of Pasta Fagioli filled with Italian White Beans and Ditalini Pasta, and a Caesar Salad with requested anchovies.  Even though it contained some bits of bacon, the soup was rather bland and did not stand out.  The salad, on the other hand, tasted very good, with Romaine lettuce adorned with a tasty and slightly creamy Caesar Dressing.One thing it was hard not to notice is that the portions served here are enormous.  I was presented with an entree of braised Beef Brasciola the size of a small torpedo that was just slathered with an angry red-looking but mild and delicious sauce composed of Red Wine and Tomato Sauce.  The sauce also nicely accented the al dente Fettuccine that lay beside it, next to some deftly cooked Broccoli Rabe.  The difficult to find Brasciola featured thinly pounded and later rolled New York Sirloin stuffed with a concoction of Provolone Cheese, Prosciutto, and Bread Crumbs , and was, as you can probably guess, a quite rich and filling dish.  A quarter of the Brasciola and some fettuccine were taken home to serve as a lovely lunch the next day.Diane enjoyed her Spaghetti Carbonara, and our friends delighted in entrees of a generous hunk of New York Steak with Peppers & Onions accompanied by lovely looking Lyonnaise Potatoes, and an array of Mediterranean Seafood served with an optional Half Lobster that looked like a platter more suitable for four diners rather than one.  Over half of the seafood was boxed to go to be enjoyed yet another day.The ambiance was very nice, reminiscent of dining outdoors in a small Tuscan ristorante, with colorful wall-sized murals depicting an outdoor scene of Tuscany and Venice's Grand Canal.  While the dining room's atmosphere is somewhat rustic and casual in tone, servers were dressed more formally in black vests over white long-sleeved shirts.  And service was exemplary.Desserts looked tempting but there surely was no more room left for them!I expect to be back to try some other Italian dishes from the large menu quite soon!
5	Loved the atmosphere,  incredible entrees, delicious wine, and fantastic service.  Will be returning again and again.
2	my.third visit in 3 years and each time I say I'll never return. We were short on time and in a pinch but we should have grabbed some pizza instead. whats with the old.school.music? it doesn't fit and sitting pinned against a wall with a mural doesn't make me feel like I'm on an Italian countryside. My tongue is burnt because the food sat in the "window" too long and we paid 80.00 for food.that taste like food I can make it at home.
