3	Oh I wanted to like this place - really, really I did - interior wise - awesome, server wise - ditto - but the food - was so disappointing - bland spaghetti, absolutly no taste, bread was extremly doughy and barely warm.  As much as our server raved about the food, we were not impressed at all.  Pricey for the amount of food you receive and I can not stress enough that the quality is just average -
5	This is Charlotte's best new restaurant. Rarely does a restaurant have the caliber of service given at Vivace. Food, wine, decor (Italian blown glass red lanterns), ambiance, all excellent.
5	As others have mentioned -- this is the best new place in Charlotte.  It's also not your standard run of the mill Italian restaurant as mentioned -- this is much better.  Everything hand made in house -- they age their meats and cheese, make their pasta, etc.  The interior design is fantastic, unlike anything in Charlotte.  The view from the second floor is great -- do yourself a favor and head to the 2nd floor for a look or glass of wine outside with a beautiful view of downtown.  The outdoor seating will be awesome during the right time of the year--Charlotte needs something like this.The food is fantastic, but the service is what sets this place apart -- very knowledgeable staff and very attentive without being overbearing.  Great selection of wines and handcrafted Italian beers -- try some of them.  I've been there 4 times since they opened -- live close by.  The 4-cheese ravioli is amazing, the pizzas--for $10-- are a steal; as mentioned by another -- the mussels are great.  Try the sweet potato gnocchi -- unbelievable, melt in your mouth and for $7 with a big bowl full--a great deal.  Also, tried the housemade ricotta & lemon marmelatta -- wouldn't be my first choice but went with server's suggestion -- it was amazing -- so flavorful, give it a try.  Had the housemade gelatos, which were fantastic and again, a great value.Overall, you need to go here and treat yourself -- you won't be disappointed -- great atmosphere and style and very good value.  Would give it 6 stars if available.
5	Upon entering, my eyes scanned the restaurant. WOW! The interior is decorated with class and upscale taste. It is spacious, has perfect lighting, and displays a great balance of colors and textures. The upstairs area has its own bar, lounge, and patio with a fantastic view of Uptown! The staff are very friendly, attentive, and help make your experience feel VIP. I appreciated the friendly greeting from as early as the valet to the hostess and then to the server. We were invited here for a social gathering of wine and appetizers. The server was very helpful by describing each item. Delicious! The food, company, and atmosphere was a perfect combination for a lovely evening. To top it off, the bathrooms are made for one, spacious, and clean. Not the best lighting for touching up your face, but it is consistent with the rest of the ambiance. Great experience! Plan to take someone you want to impress or to pamper yourself. I will return and bring my favorite friends!
2	This is a really cool looking restaurant, and it seems that someone spent a lot of time picking out bar stools, lighting fixtures, counter tops and flooring. I would rather have seen the same attention to detail in the food and the service, but that's just me. I sat in the downstairs bar and found the waitress to be scarce when my glass was empty and stopping by a couple of times just after she brought the drink, I will say that she seemed new and a little nervous so maybe it's not the norm. As for the food, I found the carpaccio with the red cabbage to be unique but disappointing. The calamari itself was nothing special although the sauce it was served with was interesting (in a good way). I am assuming based on the decor this place will have a decent crowd so if I find myself back there I will sit AT the bar and grab a bite elsewhere.
2	i was really excited about going to Vivace. Unfortunately, the terms Big and Britches come to mind when I think about the restaurant overall. Seems like the early buzz has gone to the head of some of the staff. In particular, the hostess ( I think she was the lead), was downright rude. We were seated at a table that had a plush, bench seat. It looked comfortable, but when I sat down, the bench rocked. When I reached for my water glass, my chair rocked. I asked the very nice woman who showed us to our table if we could move. The lead gal was summoned and was incredibly patronized--claiming that yes, indeed, they designed the chairs to rock. Seriously? Rocking chairs in a fine dining restaurant. This isn't Cracker Barrel! After some more chatting, she very reluctantly moved us.  Our waiter was fantastic and suggested a great Italian wine that the pinot noir lovers at the table adored. Sad to say the food was just ok...my entree of triggerfish and crab ravioli didn't have much flavor and I couldn't detect a speck of crab in my ravioli. We loved the meat and cheese board appetizer, but had to ask for bread. My husband's veal salimbucca was very salty. The pasta dishes were good (but, then, who can't make a decent pasta)? Gelato servings were generous, but I'm doubting this was homemade...just not enough butter fat content. At least our meals weren't outrageously priced. But, given the snotty gal hostess and the mediocre flavors, we'll go elsewhere on date night next month.
3	Just got an email from a representative from Urban Rest. Group. He was really concerned and made a point of addressing my concerns. That really goes a long way with me. For this reason, I've updated my review...if they care this much, that tells me they will fix the issues!
2	I want so badly to like this place!! They really need to figure stuff out still. I have been twice and there really is no consistency going on here.First time i went this place was packed on a Wednesday night! The decor is very nice and so vibrant! The chairs are super comfy which is a plus! Service was good.First trip had the Proscuitto with figs and bleu cheese...good not spectacular. Then had the Taglitelle Pasta it was good I love cauliflower only wished there was more of that in it but it was good. Second trip had the Sweet Potato gnocchi with pork belly and cipolini onions.....SO DRY!! Hated every bite of it not even a hint of sweet potato!! I also ordered the Beef Carpaccio I really wish I had taken a picture of this dish because unless you were my sister or my boyfriend sitting at the table with me when this was put down would you even begin to understand how horrendous and Unappetizing this dish looked and tasted! It had what was suppose to be Grilled Radicchio completely covering the whole dish mounded on top of my poor Beef!! It was flavorless NOT grilled and just wrong! OK then we each ordered a pizza I had the salty egg it was good the tomato sauce on it was good! My sister had the Four cheese but only wished she had some tomato sauce on it. Then my boyfriend had the chicken an artichoke pizza and he really liked it...until he bit into his second piece and bit down onto a chicken bone/cartilage...Needless to say he didnt finish it and we sent it back. The server was apologetic and asked if she could get him anything else, he had lost his appetite though. Then the most awkward manager Ever approaches our table and just stands there for a few seconds and then says "How about that pizza, Sorry"  then walks away!! We just looked at one another and laughed!! Where did they find him cause that was the worst customer service EVER!!! Vivace just needs to do some training starting with their Management (obviously) and then in the kitchen. The things we experienced in our dining experience could have all been prevented if they only took the time to care more about the quality of food that they are putting out!! Sorry!
4	I'm sorry but I loved this place!  The gnocchi was great, the veal saltimbocca was great and the service was good.  The management was helpful and polite.  I wasn't expecting to be a fan.  I had heard mixed reviews and I'm glad to say the restaurant was outstanding.  I'm definitely a fan.
2	We went during Charlotte Restaurant Week.  Had always passed by on the way out of Trader Joe's and wondered what the deal was.The restaurant's interior was quite nice.  I think the large transparent red plastic light fixtures will seem like a bad idea in a few years, but the rest of the place was about as nice and styley as can be.We got the house bread and cannellini bean spread at the same time as our wine.  The bread was good, the bean spread had a hint of garlic but otherwise didn't have much flavor.  The biggest problem was the long hair that was in either the bread or the bean spread.  It got caught up in my teeth and provided a real gross-out moment.  I decided not to say anything, though in retrospect I should have.The rest of the meal involved nothing remarkable, nothing really worth recommending or celebrating.  The soup that served as the first course was about what you'd expect from a can of Progresso.A component of the second course was an egg yolk ravioli.  I was intrigued because the best meal I've ever had involved a quail's egg ravioli.  Vivace's ravioli was filled with a chicken egg yolk (which I expected from the menu's description).  The ravioli itself was so huge and ungainly, and the dough of the ravioli was so thick and tough, that it ruined what was otherwise a perfectly mediocre plate of food.  But the kicker was that when I cut into the ravioli and took it apart, there was a layer of compressed, unabsorbed and uncooked white flour underneath the egg yolk.  The layer of uncooked flour was perhaps 1/8 inch thick.  Totally unappetizing.Dessert was okay.  Pretty average tiramisu and a semifreddo that was not semi frozen, but completely frozen through, so that efforts to cut through it resulted in a surprising "THUNK!" against the plate when you finally broke through.At the end, a review of the receipt revealed that I was charged for a more expensive glass of wine than the one I had ordered.  (Other than the error on the check, the table service was very good.)All in all, not worth the money, and not worth returning to.  Not by a long shot.
5	We gave Vivace another try, and had a much different experience, a much better experience.First, the service was awesome.  That was the best part of our previous visit, the occasion when the food fell short.This time, however, the food was quite good.  They start you with excellent rustic, crusty bread with a bean and garlic spread.  To me, it could use a bit more garlic, maybe a bit more bite of some kind, but we still polished it off.For appetizers, we got a half order of the scallop risotto and the baccala arancini.  The risotto dish was great.  The risotto itself was creamy as you'd expect, but it contained  good amount of asparagus and oyster mushroom, both of which added a great deal of flavor.  The asparagus was not slimy and overcooked as often happens in risotto.  Sitting atop the risotto were two large scallops, perfectly browned.  Every restaurant serves scallops, but not everyone cooks them well.  These were excellent, not overdone inside but seared on the outside so that they developed a bit of a golden crust.  Really good.It's worth emphasizing that you can get a half order of any of their pasta dishes, thereby turning them into appetizers portions.  That's a great feature of the menu, and since their pasta dishes are not run of the mill, it's great that you can order a half portion of a few of them to sample.The arancini were also very good, and were a bargain app at only $5.  I could taste the baccala inside but would have preferred more of it.  I think a really good idea for this dish would be to load more baccala into the rice balls and then maybe serve it with a couple of crispy breaded baccala "fingers," just to mix it up a little.  But kudos to Vivace for having baccala on the menu at all!  I would love to see grilled sardines on the menu.For mains, we got the monkfish and the smoked chicken and spinach agnolotti.  Again, great job putting monkfish on the menu!  You don't see that so often.  The monkfish came in two pieces, lightly breaded and atop fingerling potatoes in a large shallow bowl.  The potatoes held the fish above a pool of a saffron-laced broth, which was itself very rich but not in a creamy way.  Outstanding.  This dish was pretty substantial for a fish entree.Even more rich and substantial was the agnolotti. This dish was dressed with a creamy sauce, which was delicious.  Even without the sauce, the dish had a lot of flavor going on.  For something that looked so hearty, the flavors were pretty delicate.Vivace has an overwhelming wine selection, with bottles ranging from $25 to over $500.  We opted for a $25 bottle (surprise!), and it was quite good.  I think you probably can't go wrong with any of their wines (and besides, you're going to get to taste it when they uncork it).  In the interest of full disclosure, our wine was comped.So, the bottom line is that we thought this was an excellent dinner.  that's what my rating reflects.  It's true that on a previous visit several things had misfired.  Chalk that up to a formulaic approach to restaurant week (which is when we first went there)?  Who knows?  I'm just glad we went back and were able to add to our list of go-to fancy restaurants in Charlotte for special occasions.
5	Awesome! Ordered Hendricks Gin & Tonic with cucumber (because that's how you drink them), they didn't have cucs and someone went to Trader Joes to get them - customer service at it's best! The cheese and meat app Is incredible as is the bruschetta. The smoked chicken arguiletta is heaven, though couldn't taste the chicken but didn't care. The mussels & fetticuine with homemade prosciutto was excellent! Definetly coming back..this might take top spot on the resturant list. Everything is home made and the place was hopping, but the service was great and timely! The bar is also good for before and after dinner scene.  Would be great place to go with a group and order their apps.
5	We went during restaurant week- some people did the $30 tasting menu - I opted out. We had everything from appetizers and wine all the way down to dessert and I was SUPER impressed.Being a native New Yorker I have set the bar high for Italian food and I have to say this delivered! I started off with amazing bread and a delicious Cabernet - next I moved on to one of THE BEST Caesar salads Ive ever had (fresh cheese, delicious croutons, creamy homemade dressing) ...next I had my entree where I enjoyed the homemade pasta (it was a smoked chicken and spinach stuffed agnolotti  = fabulous!!!!) ...then we split a few desserts - while not as memorable great none-the-less.I will definitely go back- give it a shot if you are sick of the same 3 Italian restaurants in Charlotte !
4	Let me preface this review by saying, we walked in 15 mins before close on a Sunday night. The servers were still very friendly and patient. We ordered the meat/cheese combo for an app that came w/ three great dipping sauces... Honey, apricot, and apple. We didn't like all of the meats and cheeses but it was fun to try different varieties of them. As for the entres... very delicious!!The only negative thing was the lighting was very dim for having such big light fixtures. Highly recommend it, specifically for the value, ambience, quality, and new trendy location.
5	Hands down in my top five for all restaurants in Charlotte. The food is super fresh, interesting and delicious. If you like bolognese - theirs is incredible. Really, though, I've tried so many different items on the menu and everything has been great. The servers are very nice and personable and the interior is beautiful. Make sure you check out the bar upstairs - such a gorgeous view of Uptown!
4	I liked this place.  It was very crowded and busy the night i went but we got a table in the bar area.  The service was good and the food was well done.  The right portion sizes and everything was fresh.  I had braised pork agnolotti with carmelized pears and blue cheese and it was fantastic.  Wife had spaghetti and meatballs which she thought was ok - the sauce is a bit sweet so if you dont like that i wouldnt recommend this dish.  Friends had the scallop risotto and the smoked chicken agnolotti.  I thought all dishes were excellent.When i return to Charlotte i would go to this place again and will definitely recommend it to friends.  Prices were not that bad either.
4	You couldn't ask for a more beautiful location- overlooking the city by a beautiful public park and river (which the city has fine a great job restoring and maintaining). Gorgeous for night and day.Amazing service, Emmanuel helped us out and was incredibly attentive and thoughtful. Awesome design, decor and music. This place is sleek but comfortable and completely relaxing.Great food at reasonable prices- a good place to get Italian deli meats and thin crust pizza. Really enjoyable and delicious.We just stopped in this place as we were traveling through town, thanks fellow yelpers, and it really made our day. Do the same, you won't regret it :)  - - - -On the downside, their homemade ricotta is pretty off. It shouldn't be soup. Also the pizza dough is really close but not quite right -  It shouldn't be chip-like at the crust and should have that nice powder on it. Meats need to be cut better, and I think they have a loose understanding of what speck is. Their pecorino was pretty good though. I have no doubt that these guys will get it right , and very soon. They seem to be working hard to perfect their dishes.
4	What a difference a new hostess makes. We went back to Vivace and had a wonderful evening....loved the cocktails! The food was delicious and our server was helpful yet unintrusive. Stayed away from the snarky hostess!
3	I appreciate the focus on italian wines and beers, a great detail.  The pizza good.  I have been twice and it was significantly better the first time.  I had steak both times, the second time it has much less wood-grilled flavor.  Grilled peaches were not good, muscles were decent.  I am not  crazy about the white bean dip they give you with the bread either and requested olive oil, which was a major improvement.  Usually the special is good.  Nice views, good ambiance.  Great for a group or a date (or pizza at the bar).
5	When you want great Italian in the Uptown area, Vivace is the place to be! Located in Midtown in the new, chic Metropolitan area, Vivace has never disappointed. From the good looking people, to the professional & knowledgeable staff, you will feel the energetic vibe upon entering Vivace no matter what day of the week, but especially on Friday & Saturday. My favorite meal is the veal saltimbocca with mussels as a starter. Not your traditional saltimbocca as it's more of a Marsala sauce base, but the key ingredients of saltibmocca are there. I always consider and get most of the time the cheese & meat tray. Decide or don't decide for yourself; the staff will surprise you with some great choices that meld well together with some great jams. Great bar area to mingle with friends or coworkers in the downstairs, and try to take advantage of the patio area that sits along the green-way. My ideal evening is one where I take advantage of the great upstairs area of the restaurant. Sit at the bar upstairs and have some drinks/wine and their famous flatbread (pizza), and finish the night off in the lounge area, sitting outside, enjoying one of the best views in all of Uptown Charlotte. This is definitely a once/month visit for me. You've gotta check it out!
5	My husband and I took my father-in-law here for his 60th birthday.  We sat upstairs and to my surprise an entire wall can open up so it almost felt like we were outside.  The atmosphere was better than I had expected.  As the sun went down one side of the table had major sun in their eyes so if they can put up some shades for that 30 minutes of intense sun, it would be perfect.  There are also couches up on the 2nd floor patio with a great view of the city.  The food was great.  We had the meat and cheese sampler, which was fun and delicious, as well as the homemade ricotta to start.  Yum.  My smoked chicken agnolotti was amazing.  My husband's papardelle was just as delicious.  We will definitely go back.
4	Went to Vivace for lunch yesterday. I believe it was my 6th time there. 4 out of the 6 times everything was great, yesterday included. The only thing was it was seriously dead in there. At one point our table of 4 were the only people in there! On one other occasion it was really empty like that too. They offered there brunch menu only while we were there, but it had plenty of other choices for those of us who didn't feel like eggs. I went with the pappardelle alla bolognese, I've had it before and it was actually better this time. The rest of the group had steak and eggs and the scallop risotto. Everyone really enjoyed their food. Service was good, but as I said we were pretty much the only ones in there so it would have been ridiculous had it been any other way!  I just really enjoy the space in there and I hope things pick up for them.
4	I have to say that Vivace has become my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I'm not a big fan of The Metropolitan and it's "big box" tenants, but Vivace has created a great space both indoors and outside. As stylish as any major city restaurant. I have had a great meal every time I've visited for lunch or dinner. I especially like eating in the bar/lounge area. I sat upstairs once and it was incredibly noisy, but it was a packed Saturday night.The only reason I'm not giving it "5 stars" is because of the rancid mussel in my bowl at lunch one day. They offered to replace the dish which seemed unappetizing at the time. If I owned the place, I would have offered another appetizer selection on the house, but they just took it off the bill and said no more. I have ordered the mussels since on another visit and they were exceptional. Although, if you're on a low sodium diet, find another selection. The broth is divine, but major salty.Vivace is a good choice for any occasion...
5	I think this is one of my favorite places to be on a warm summer night.  I love to sit outside and gaze at all the twinklies....it is the most beautiful view of the city.  My man and I like to sit upstairs in the lounge area.  The bartenders are great.  The service is spot on.  Their food is really good too.  We always get the cheese tray, it has the best selection of cheeses and sweet touches like honey and fig marmalade.  I am a huge tapas fan so we typically get a bunch of appetizers and split them.  They have a nice wine selection and it is reasonably priced.  This place is really sexy.  Check it out.
5	Can you say scrumptious?  Man, this place is what's up!  I mean seriously!  It's something about Italian food that makes me weak....I just love it.....but this place is just on another level.  Everything is fresh and homemade pasta.......homemade pasta?  Who does that?  Certainly none of the Italian spots I've been to.  All I can say is I hope this place is around for a very long time because I am in food love!I'll get to the food in a sec, but I was digging the plush dining upstairs and the incredible view of the qc.  They have tables and sofa's outside on both levels so I imagine it gets very lively in the summer.They start you off with bread and a bean spread that my 4 year old loved(I swear the kid will eat anything:-) The brushetta had a shrimp salad topping instead of the normal tomato mix, and it had a bit of a pepper kick to it, but it was good.  The bolognese and the smoked chicken and spinach agnolotti was some of the best Italian food I ever eaten.....ever!  I mean change your facial expression with every bite good!  Let's keep this place in business......for my own selfish reasons:-)
5	Below is my first rating for Vivace, which  was (if you read it) a not so great one.  After posting that review on Yelp, I was contacted by their GM and they said they were very appreciative of my suggestions, got rid of some of the awkward seating that I mentioned, and wanted suggestions as to some Vegan options that could be added to the menu and asked if my friend BJ S (a fellow yelper) and I would give it a second try.  Last night we went back and the chef prepared some incredible dishes for my Vegan friend - a caramelized butternut squash appetizer followed by an amazingly presented (and apparently very tasty - see BJ S's review) main course for him.I had a chicken/pasta dish, that same appetizer, some wine, and a vegan friendly apple/dough/raspberry drizzle dessert.  The seats that we mentioned in our first review were removed and the food was really incredible.  It really means a lot to me that a restaurant cares so much about it's service/food/seating that they read the yelp reviews and really take the suggestions by us very seriously.  Kudos and now 5 stars to them!  Definitely check it out if you are nearby!Previous review:Barely a 2.5 star rating for me.  The seating was terrible - there were two of us, with a reservation, and when we were seated, we were at a very tiny table, in between two other tables, with the back side of all 3 tables sharing one bench.  It wasn't private in the least!! The woman at the neighboring table had her purse next to me the entire night, it was so close to me people probably thought it was my purse!  Our eggplant appetizer was quite good, but my main meal was just ok - not a whole lot of food for the price either.  My friend ordered a pizza and it was really bland (I had a piece of it, since I was still hungry after my meal).  Our waiter was friendly and quite attentive with the drink and bread refills, so that was about one of the only pluses of the evening.  I don't think I'll be back anytime soon!
5	A Vivace Tale...A long, long time ago... there was a date night.... And it went a lil like this...Well, wasn't the best experience for a restaurant, but the positives...  The waiter was very attentive.  I think I drank about a gallon of water before we got our appetizer, which was the eggplant dip (Perfect)   He also offered a GREAT wine which complimented the meal very well!  I try for a vegan diet, which can be hard if you don't call ahead, so the options here are extremely limited, I got a cheese-less pizza ( a fail-safe at any Italian establishment) and it was more of a tasteless one.  But the company was good :)  If you make a reservation, ask for a table that's separate from the wall or not along the windows.  Awkward Turtle moment when you have to move someones purse to get to your seat on the bench as they managed to cram an extra table in.  If you get stuck at one of those tables, be prepared to have little privacy and be involved in a myriad of conversations that are going on around you.THEY GET A 4!  So, this is an update to an earlier review, I was contacted by a few of the customer service reps and they insisted we try it again!  So, they get a star for wanting to impress us!  I'm in!  LOL, so I will definitely update this soon!  Vivace is trying for a FIVE star, and I'm looking forward to it!Once upon a giftcard...So, thanks to an attentive management staff, we tried Vivace again... SCORE!  It was amazing!  We took the suggestion of wine and was without a doubt, right on point!   The chef prepared a 3 course vegan meal and it was A-Maze-Ing, I got lost in the flavors!  YUM!  The appetizer was a variation of Bruscetta that was made very decadently with butternut squash and flavored with vinaigrette.  Mouth waterin' good! :)  On to the main course, was a great hodge podge of arugula, shrooms, squash, broccoli and many more that I can't remember... Let's just say I got my servings in that day!  The flavor was awesome.  dessert was really done very well as well, with apples and cinnamon in a flaky pizza dough wrap topped with raspberry syrup and powdered sugar!  Welll, hheeelllooooo there!!! Great job Vivace, we shall return, And they lived happily ever after!:-P
4	After seeing all the rave reviews for Vivace on here I was stoked to check it out, even though I feel like I'm the last person to try it. The night: A rainy evening that was perfect for warm, filling Italian food. Being a weeknight, the bar was more crowded than the dining room and throughout my time there, only saw three or four other tables. The drinks:The wine list is sick!! If you can't find vino you like, you are smoking the good stuff since they offer just about everything under the sun. I opted for the red sangria and it was absolute perfection. It wasn't entirely sweet but more tart and in my world, that's perfection. Next time I will be back to try one of their Italian Mojitos (they offer different flavors such as Blackberry, Pineapple, Lime and more) The food: They first brought us out bread to nibble on while we were waiting for our food. Instead of olive oil or butter, they brought out a cannellini bean dip that reminded me of a lighter, thinner hummus. The menu has a decent sized selection where you can scan then have one thing catch your eye but then you keep looking (so you won't have order remorse) and find another scrumptious sounding dish. I absolutely love that they offer smaller portions on their pasta dishes (pasta is made in house) since there is no such thing as portion control in many restaurants these days. I ordered the small portion of Short Braised Ribs with fettuccine, apples, swiss chard and a few other goodies that I can't remember. When they brought it out, I kinda pointed out they brought me out the wrong dish and our server told me that was the dish I ordered (I blame it on the sangria). The apples resembled mini scallops at first and there wasn't much braised rib to be seen. I was a bit bummed about that but it ended up being a delicious entree with a light, brown sauce. The service: From working in the restaurant industry and visiting many dining establishments, this is probably in my top 10% tier of best service I've ever had. The verdict: I liked it alot. I can't say it's my favorite Italian place in Charlotte yet. They offer a more modern spin on Italian cuisine and I guess I'm a more traditional girl (who knew??) but am definitely happy Vivace is here to offer a different take on Italian. I will definitely come back to Vivace though!
1	I have to say the food was AWESOME! The only reason I give this place the rating I did is because of the experience I had with a foreign object in my food...twice. Half way thru my meal I noticed a piece of metal in my food, luckily I did not eat this but it made me loose my appetite immediately. The server was great and promptly brought over the manager, who was very apologetic. It turned out that the metal was part of the steel wool that they used to clean the pans. They offered to take the food portion off my bill and it was greatly appreciated. They asked me if I would like another dish to take home (as I'd lost my appetite for the evening after almost eating metal) which was a nice gesture and I said yes please, if you'd like me to come back. I left that evening with my next day's lunch in my hands and an overall good opinion of Vivace. I had restaurant experience and am well aware of how these things can happen so didn't hold much against them regarding the unfortunate mishap. The next day I warmed up half of my take out and half way thru eating ended up with another foreign object in my mouth! This time it turned out to be a flimsy piece of plastic the size of a toothpick! I know that these things happen BUT twice in basically one meal is unacceptable and makes me wonder how many other times something like this has happened here and hasn't been reported. It's unfortunate that this happened because I really did like Vivace's food, atmosphere and service but I can't eat food from a place that has a hazard of choking on metal and plastic.
4	Mama mia! Modern italian in Charlotte has never looked so good and been so easy on the budget.  In the marquee corner of the Metropolitan, this 2 story restaurant/bar has some excellent views of the uptown skyline and a sleek interior that oozes style and modern class.  Luckily,they've got a menu that is equally impressive for just about any palette.The lower level consists of a large bar area and a medium-sized dining room with a large and impressive glass wine room smack dab in the center of the action.  A large wooden spiral staircase leads up to the second floor, where you'll find another (smaller) bar and more dining space.  In the warmer months, the large glass panes looking out towards the skyline can be opened and pushed back to lead to more lounge-type space for those just in for drinks or looking for a little al fresco dining.Nice beer selection and an even better Italian wine selection from the bar.  There are also a full list of cocktails available.  I'm not a big fan of the $10 drink, but you can't escape that here.  Beers are about $4-5 and the wines cross just about all budget spectrums.But all that aside, the food is the real star here.  Nice appetizer selection here that includes a big selection of cheese and charcuterie, which I am a sucker for.  I can't say enough how great it is to be able to pick amongst the different offerings to find a mix that works for you- want all cheese?  Get it.  Want double prosciutto?  Fine.  All come with an amazing chestnut honey and a couple of preserves.  Other apps include flatbreads and calamari but there is a lot more to choose from here.Fresh warm bread comes on the side along with a white bean dip that could be an appetizer in itself.  For hard-core veggies, the caprese is also a fine selection.From there, you can move onto a a selection of house-made pasta dishes or main plate features.  There's hanger steak and a number of fish offerings that are worthy of a go.  Everything I have had here is solid good. Whether it was a pasta dish or  For bonus points, I especially appreciate the kitchen turning a shared entree into 2 separate plates.  The wife and I routinely share 1 entree due to portion size bloat.   Each time we have done this at Vivace they have always brought us two plates, with the portions equally divided.  Nice!We've also tried dessert here and I have found the offerings to all be good, but slight in terms of offerings.  Usually 4 or so choices.  The chocolate cake is smallish in size with a miniature scoop of ice cream.  I'd just go for dessert elsewhere, if needed that badly.So lots of young and beautiful people frequent the downstairs bar.  It's definitely a see and be seen kinda scene.  Not the kind of place you want to go slum it for the night.  Wear your good stuff and get ready for some really well executed food.  Viva Vivace!
4	The good: - Gnocchi appetizer, ridiculously tasty - Meatballs, second only to Bistro La Bon - Fennel Sausage Carbonara, beautifully balanced dish - Braised Lamb Shank, best in town. - Atmosphere, rarely you see this commitment to aesthetics in Charlotte. Big budget finish out translates to stately or big city feel. You're someplace special The Bad: - Service was a little indifferent. Felt like I may be wasting his time at first, but got better mid meal. - Too many banquettes for a large restaurant. Wanted more space to dine in this environment. - Were rushed at the end of our meal. Didn't let me set the pace at the end, pet peeve of mine. Highly recommend.  Request a booth. Plan to overeat.
3	OK, I'll admit it, I am just not that fancy.  I went to Gay Bingo with some friends (which is alaways a fun time!) and they wanted to come here afterwards.  I personally found it overpriced and not worth it.We sat in the bar area and the bartenders (there were 2 and we were the only people in the bar area) seemed annoyed they had to serve us.  Then we ordered appitizers, which were pricey and good, but not great.  (The mussels were really good though!)  Overall, it could be a great place and I would be willing to try it for dinner, but I was not overly impressed by my "night at the bar"...or the really big check we got!  I could have a few drinks with friends for 1/2 the price at many other places!
5	One of the best meals we have ever eaten out.  Muscles were great.
4	Classy and hip, modern and classic. Vivace is a the type of establishment you can take your mom to on Thursday then romance that special someone on Friday. The decor is lush and isn't all glamor and glitz. They have amazing service and also great food to back up that pretty little face. Braised short rib, fried calamari, shrimp capellini - all fabulous. If you want a little more adventurous, eye opening dining experience ask for a seat in the Chef's corner. Not only will you get to see the masters at work, they might even be as generous as to give you free sampling of some tasty treats. Now that the secrets been out, make sure you make a reservation! This place gets packed and I can assure you, it isn't all hype!
4	I have been here once for lunch, and once for dinner.  I highly recommend Vivace for lunch. Our group really loved the salmon lunch, and their little pizzas. The bread was enjoyable and the prices were very reasonable. 5/5The restaurant is bright, airy and modern. I loved the wood paneling and giant oversized orange glass lighting. I really appreciate the beautiful upfit and the bar area overlooking the skyline. The only thing I'd add is tall ceilings often makes the place feel really impersonal.The highlight of our dining experience was 1) our server who was like an actor in one of Shakespeare's dramas and was so enthusiastic about the food, he upsold us on the dessert. Well thank goodness- the tiramisu saved the whole meal. It had the distinct taste of orange, which I loved. It was light and lovely. (5/5) He also recommended an Italian wine DH loved.My husband enjoyed the veal with mozzarella ravioli (a lot more than I did) 4/5. The salmon over cauliflower puree left a lot to be desired (2/5). The salmon was fine. It was cooked to the correct temperature. The puree was way more creamy than cauliflowery and I got the sense it was not a healthy alternative to potatoes. It was so creamy it lacked substance which left it flat and me still hungry. Brussel sprouts were below average.Bottom line: Great spot for lunch or happy hour drinks. I can't wait for the weather to improve to enjoy drinks and tiramisu on the patio!
4	I love this place. Food-good to great, ambiance-great. Love bringing friends who haven't seen this place. Very impressive dining in an unexpected locale. :)
3	Came here for my 21st birthday and they refused to serve me even though I was 2 days over 21. Beside that, the food is delicious, and the service for the most part is acceptable.
5	This is a great place to go enjoy a drink or have a nice meal. The food here is top notch and service is great. They also have a great wine selection. The restaurant has very cool modern decor & is definitely the ideal spot for a date!
2	I hate to do this but after my experience Sunday, Vivace has definitely dropped from 4 to 2 stars. I came with 2 friend for an early dinner Sunday and I had a Living Social voucher for $40 so figured why not. Our server was really bad. Not sure if she was just painfully shy or just socially awkward, but either way she just wasn't good. The starters were pretty good, mussels and cheese plate. The accompaniments on the cheese plate though are not good. There was some fruit chutney or something that one of my friends likened to being already chewed and previously digested for us!! Then there was a honey which was okay and I can't recall the 3rd, though I tried a little and instantly regretted it. For the entree I ordered the fish special, wild striped bass with shrimp, artichokes and mushrooms. There was no starch with the dish so I asked if it was possible to do a side of plain risotto, same as they serve with other dishes, and obviously I'd pay the up-charge. The server tried to offer me the appetizer portion of seafood risotto for $11. Uh no, I just want a small side, plus I already have seafood in my entree. Friends got salmon and osso bucco. Basically only the guy who got the salmon was happy. Me and my friend with the osso bucco were disappointed. My fish was way too fishy and the osso bucco bite I tried tasted soapy!! I did end up with my plain risotto side and it was fine. I was left wanting more so I decided to try the salted caramel gelato. Meh, it wasn't bad but it wasn't great. It makes me sad because I have really always been a fan of Vivace. I love the ambiance, the outdoor space is fantastic and more often then not the food is great. So I will not give up hope but I will prob wait a while before stopping back in.
5	Big fan. Very big fan of Vivace. The ambiance, the decor, the fantastic drinks and food, and the knowledgeable staff all make this one of our favorite places to dine in Charlotte. Be sure to make reservations and then arrive a bit early and have a drink at the upstairs bar. There are doors that open up to a view of Uptown Charlotte when the weather permits, and it's just a gorgeous place to catch up with some friends over great drinks and appetizers. Speaking of food, here are a few of my favorites:Appetizers: the calamari with spicy tomato aioli is very good, as is the meat & cheese plate. They also bring bread and white bean spread to the table as a starter, which is very good and can be quite filling.Salad: the seasonal salad is always great as it has homemade dressing, and the caprese salad is a solid choice as the balsamic is very good.Dinner: the margherita flatbread, smoked chicken and spinach stuffed agnolotti, and the chili-capellini and lump crab are all great choices. The agnolotti is my favorite go-to dish at this restaurant.Desserts: honestly, the desserts are a bit small and not for sharing (think tea cake size), but are very delicious. You should definitely try the gelato if you have any room left after dinner.There is valet parking if you can't find a spot in the deck, and a very large patio on the ground floor for sitting outside if you so choose. If you haven't yet, you should try out Vivace; you won't be disappointed!
3	Food was great!! We had the mussels and salmon.  Great views, but it was rainy and foggy when we were there.  The negatives: very loud, rude hostess.
4	Here last night for dinner and I am IN LOVE! The decor is uber-chic with the warm tons and super cozy patio couches (upstairs and downstairs). My friend and I ate on the patio downstairs which overlooks the walking path, so perfect for a lazy Sunday experience. Two tiny bads upfront: the Sangria; they only have red and it was pretty watered-down boring with only bar fruit. Weird. We switched to the house Merlot shortly thereafter which was fine. The service was sloooowwww which was odd since it was not very crowded. Tolerable, but slow. The entrees, fantastic. They are about $23-$24 a piece. I had the duck, medium. It was unreal!!!! Delicious sauce and fantastic presentation. (Yes you must laugh with your date at this point recalling Christmas Story and no the duck does not come out with its head still on!!) :-D It was tender and sweet....perfection and well worth the wait. The risotto accompaniment was salty and not overdone - LOVED it!! My friend got the crab-stuffed trout which he devoured. He totally got the Clean Plate Award and wouldn't let me try any of it! A sign that he was in love also (at least with the trout lol). They will let you make reservations here for the patio if you have something coming up and want to be sure to be seated outside. A lot of restaurants won't guarantee patio, they will do a 'first come first served' basis for patio seating - blah..I don't like that (ahem Bricktops!!!) And when you make reservations you will get in their system...where they also log any allergies or special requests with your information - very nice!!! Love you Vivace!!! Cant wait to be back! :-D
4	Let me begin by saying that if you are a fan of architectural design, you have to visit this place! It's visually stunning with a warm feel but with a contemporary style which can sometimes be hard to pull off.  They do it perfectly! Ok, so service was a little slow in the beginning during the drink order but became increasingly better.In terms of drinks from the bar, the Sangria was lacking in my opinion.  A bit on the sour side to me.  I paired my meal with the house Merlot and it was just fine, perfect temp, etc.The meal I ate was the crab stuffed trout on a bed of asparagus.  It was fantastic! Apparently I won the Clean Plate Award ;).  The crab stuffing was delicious and the presentation was spot on as well.The best part about this place to me was the patio atmosphere upstairs.  They have a large moveable glass partition that opens up the second floor loft out into a patio area (w/heaters!) and the furniture is ultra comfortable.  A great spot to have a final glass of Merlot and wind down after the meal.The only thing bringing this rating down to a 4 was the slow start and the Sangria....otherwise, total 5 star place.
4	My first experience at Vivace was divine.  The atmosphere was fantastic and the food was every better.  Our selections included the the Steamed P.E.I mussels (good), a Caesar Salad (nice), Scallop Risotto (I am a fan!), and mint chocolate Gelato O Sorbetto for dessert (fabulous).  We brought in our own bottle of wine (superb) and paid a $10 corking fee.  My strongest advice is to make reservations otherwise, you will have to wait.  We had an early dinner @ 6:15 so that we could attend the Kirk Whalum concert (nice).  The only drawback was that we were seated near the register used by the wait staff so they tended to congregate in that area.  Check out my photos.
4	Like some others, we jumped on the Living Social deal to Vivace.  I really have no idea why they threw that bone out there, as I am fairly sure they have no need of it, but since they did, we used it.  Definitely glad they did (and that we did).The service at Vivace is second to none, as is the scenery, inside and out, though the layout of the interior is a bit odd - perhaps it is those massive red chandeliers from the bizarro Ikea world.  Or maybe it is all just a bit disjointed rather than having a nice flow to the place.There is what I would call a dining room to the right (with a bar), a bar to the left (with bar tables, but no dining room), and another dining area upstairs (also with a bar).  The bar downstairs also has a patio and the dining area upstairs has a balcony.Unfortunately, each time I have been there, it has been at least overcast outside, if not downright scary, making those outdoor spaces less than ideal.  Still, the heaters are nice - it just makes the view less than spectacular.  Not their fault, but it does impact the usability.Which leaves the food.  We found it to be hit and miss.  Some items are average, like the meat and cheese platters.  Good, but not great.  Others, like the fish, have a nice crispy skin in one area, but the same skin is mush elsewhere.  Then you get a nice piece of meat, say the short rib, that is tasty, but man is it rich!  Had to stop after just a few bites.  Luckily it belonged to someone else - if it was mine, I would have been disappointed that I had to stop so quickly.
3	went to vivace for a work-social meeting/team dinner.  just going to throw this out there right away...if you are a picky eater like myself-THIS IS NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU :)  i am very picky so i had a hard time finding something i would eat.the hostess wasn't very friendly and probably not the best person to be greeting people at the door.our waiter (wish i could remember his name) was awesome!  the service couldn't have been better.  he was extremely friendly, our drinks were always full and he took great care of us!!!we sat upstairs which has a beautiful view of the city and could be a perfect place for a date.as far as the food goes coming from a picky eater like myself the Gnocchi appetizer is amazing and the other 6 people from my table really enjoyed there meals.  So to sum it up, if you aren't picky...give this place a try.  Definitely get the gnocchi appetizer and bypass the hostess at the front door.  Upstairs setting is beautiful and hopefully you will luck up and the get male waiter who is very friendly and very attentive!
3	We just went to vivace for the first time. Although we were not blown away, we were ultimately satisfied with our meals. The location itself is very easy to get to with plenty of parking and  free valet. The decor is very nice. The dining room is open with a trendy atmosphere. They definitely spent some money with the decor between the lighting, the grand staircase and the wine vault. One thing we enjoyed was they substitute butter or olive oil with a house made bean spread with their bread. We thought it was a great change. We started with the gnocchi with spinach and pancetta appetizer. I have to say it was a true appetizer because it made us look forward to our meal. It tasted fresh and had great flavor. The only downfall is it blew away both of our entrees. I had the veal saltimbocca with cheese ravioli. The veal was nicely cooked but the sauce lacked any flavor other than mushrooms. The ravioli was house made and was perfectly cooked. However with the somewhat bland sauce and only being cheese filled it did not really add to the flavor of the dish. My wife got the pappardelle bolognese. The pappardelle was house made however it was very overcooked and a bit mooshy. The appetizer would definitely get five stars and the two meals between two and three stars. Eventually I would like to go back and try a few other dishes. I give big points though to the fresh and homemade ingredients though.We are looking forward to going back soon. Look for a second review!
4	I've been here so many times since it is a friend fav dinner spot and it's always been consistently very good.  I love the open floor plan, decor and super chic lighting.  The endless wall of wine is also adds to the "wow factor."  Whether you are seated upstairs or down, you are bound to have good service and great food.  I've had something as simple as a pizza (which was delicious) to a few of their more expensive seafood dishes.  I've never been disappointed.  Parking can be very tight so I would recommend taking advantage of the complimentary valet service.  I would also recommend making a reservation if you are looking to get dinner on a Friday or Saturday evening.  If you are looking to grab some drinks on some comfy outdoor couches, head upstairs toward the bar and you can catch a great view!
4	This place is pretty good. I am eternally grateful to them for accommodating a surprise I was putting together. I called in for a reservation and after having a lot of trouble at other places they gladly took mine. Not only that but I went in early to drop of a birthday cake and they took care of it, and brought it out at just the right time for us! They made it a good night!The atmosphere is good too. It's a chic/urban place to have a large (or small) gathering. Very festive looking with the giant orange light fixtures, a large glass case of wine across an entire wall, and a staircase through the center. The food is also fairly good. I had the Orecciette and I would recommend it to anyone. My friend also got one of their pizzas and that seemed pretty good too. The only reason I do not give it a full 5 stars is: I didn't like the kitchen being viewable. Just a personal aesthetic choice. Another reason is that my boyfriend thought his dish was okay. Nothing to rave about. And the last reason is one of our waiters (we had two) was a grumpy-gus. While our other waiter was friendly, this one was slightly intimidating. I was reluctant to ask him for anything because he would give me a grumble and stalk away when I asked. He seemed really unhappy to be there. Overall though. A good place to go. I definitely say try it!!
3	It is a good thing I was hungry!!!First we had Bread and a White Bean Spread ("complementary" and needed to be)...  So What if free bread is below average - I never factor bread into my review rating unless I'm having a Sandwich (or Wrap), or I'm at a Bakery buying bread or if the bread is really good!  Though I expected better at Vivace I wasn't real surprised!  Next we had two Pizzas:  Basil and Tomato and a Chicken, Pepper and cured Pork and they brought us extra Basil when we asked!  These Pizzas cooked almost to perfection (close enough) and were very lite (super thin crust, almost perfect texture, little chewy and a little crunchy, a small yet perfectly proportioned amount of cheese and Not a blend or if it was it was very well executed (I hate most blended cheeses) No Sauce which is fine with me I like Pizza "both" ways).  Sounds good right???  How about the Taste?  These Pizzas were good, NOT very good, only a little better than average and since Vivace did almost everything right, I would not get them again!  Not because they were bad, only because I can not say they were any better than good, though better than many - Three yelp Stars.  That would make an easy review...Then I ordered "Soup"!If this had been a Spanish Restaurant they would call this Tomato, Cucumber, Olive Oil, Garlic, Chilled "Soup" GAZPACHO!!!  It did have an Italian flare to it, beyond being topped with Marscopone Cheese (I do not like Marscapone and I LOVED this Soup).  If I would have dined here and only had this Soup - I would be giving this review 5 yelp stars!  Fantastic for Soup of any kind!!! The service gets 5 yelp stars easily!!!!!!  From the Hostess finding us the last table (no reservations) Wednesday 7:15 it was packed!  Our server was fantastic and the service team was perfect!  Everyone did a great job!Then as the "Soup" raised the "stars" the desserts SANK the ship!!! Doesn't Espresso Cheese Cake sound great?  It was as plain as mud ( no offense to mud ) easily the least tasteful Cheese Cake I've ever had!  Next we had Three "Gelatos" more like poor ice cream.  The flavors were:  Sweet corn, Cherry Vanilla and Mint Chocolate Chip, All below average and little flavor - not bad flavor just too little flavor.  While still at our table, we looked on line for another Restaurant to get Dessert after leaving here, I was so disappointed! The Decor has Potential!  That is my way of saying they made some great decisions (Modern Industrial yes, and the Wine chiller wall,cool) and uuuhhh well I'm not a Designer, though I guess I've been around some...  The Space has a great layout, yet it is not a Museum so unless it is Beautiful or Extremely Unique it does not add to my dinning experience!  I love eating in a beautiful setting, though I would rather have great food in a "hole in the wall"  than have average food in a place that looks good, though does not "wow" me.  The look of an eating establishment has little baring on my rating unless it is really great or real dirty!  Always I want to give everyone the highest yelp star(s) rating possible and say everything good about the experience, so I may return and get what I know is Great and the Service was Top Notch!!!
3	Well, I must admit, I didn't get overwhelmingly impressed by Vivace.  The location and atmosphere is very good and a great meet up spot.  The interior is a modern mix of some great elements though the overall scheme is a bit confusing.That being said, the food was okay...nothing spectactular and I could attribute it to our menu choices, but I'm not sure I will.  A fellow yelper and I chose two different pizzas and they were both good, though nothing only available at Vivace.  He ordered the chilled tomato and cucumber soup and it was pretty good and his favorite selection of this visit.  For dessert we sampled the Expresso Cheesecake which could have used some depth either with more flavor or the addition of a complement to the expresso ...either way it was lacking in full flavor.  We also had several flavors of gelato...cherry vanilla, mint chocolate chip and sweet corn...they were all okay - the mint was by far my favorite.Our service was great!  She was attentive, offered suggestions, answered our questions and never let our glasses get empty...I almost gave a 4th star for that, but decided against it because the overall experience was just nothing super special.If invited to return I would go and try something else, but I doubt I would seek out another meal here on my own.  Points for a cool place to meet up in a neat spot with friends or for a date - but an A-OK for my experience with the meal.
3	Not the best or the worst Italian food I had. In fact, the cured meat platter was pretty nice. The entree and other sides were just average.
4	Been to Vivace several times for their happy hour bar menu and for drinks. Beautiful restaurant. 2nd floor bar overlooking downtown Charlotte. Scallops with Risotto was awesome.
5	This restaurant was an instant favorite of mine. From the moment you walk in the door you know that this is not your ordinary run of the mill Italian restaurant. The decor is modern and crisp and the staff greet you right away - a mere hint to the type of food experience that awaits. Unlike everywhere else I have have had Italian food in Charlotte, you can order even the heaviest of items from the menu and you will find that they have somehow been transformed into lighter crisper/fresher dishes. The flavors may become more delicate and modern as a result of Vivace' take on Italian cuisine but you should know that nothing is lost in translation. I have been to Vivace multiple times and I have always had a great experience all around. The service is snappy and the food is good.
3	Went for a going away luncheon. It was pretty good, I enjoyed it!
3	This place had a nice vibe to it.  It was located in a nice area, and the atmosphere was nice.  The environment was nice and modern, but I'm not that much of a fan of it.  I really just liked the orange lamps.  I was not a big fan of the menu.  I really did not know what I was ordering.    I just did not get much details from the menu.  I did enjoy my  chili-capellini & lump crab though.  I thought it was delicious with  a little kick of spice.
4	Let me start by expressing the build-up that was my expectation for this restaurant. I have been wanting to try Vivace since it opened its doors to the Charlotte public. I heard great review after great review so the bar had been set pretty high. I elected to go during restaurant week so I can dip my toes into a few different dishes and not feel like my wallet was getting ambushed. Overall thoughts? Awesomeness and I will absolutely be back. I had the risotto balls to start and they were heaven in my mouth. Perfectly cooked with a sauce to die for. Loved. I would have had them as my main meal as well if I could. Then I opted for the steak. Eh. Just alright but definitely not bad. The sauce that came with the dish was finger-licking good but the steak was just a little under-cooked for my liking. My friend got the chicken capellini pasta and I thank my lucky stars she let me try some because holy goodness it was awesome. Unreal actually.Dessert was perhaps my biggest area for concern because I went for tiramisu. My most favorite dessert of all time and I will judge a restaurant on its food quality based on the tiramisu that they serve. Vivace did not disappoint and actually got an extra star for serving it with a caramel sauce and Espresso gelato. Absolute deliciousness. My overall thoughts? Get yourself to Vivace. STAT.
4	i love this place!!!!!!!
4	Vivace is a visually pleasing place to go for an upscale or moderately priced meal.  There are pasta and entree options priced in the teens to 20s.  The pizza is a little bit more affordable and would be great enjoyed in their outdoor spaces on a nice afternoon.  The space is my favorite part.  Lots of nice things to look at - modern wood paneling, big orange chandeliers, high ceilings and more.  The outdoor spaces are pretty lux and streamlined as well.The food was good.  I got a chance to try the calamari, which was served in a large portion with sauteed red pepper slices and the gnocchi with shrimp (rich and delicious!).  The melon and prosciutto salad was excellent.  For entree I got the chili capellini and lump crab.  It was a little spicy and was good, but I wasn't amazed and thought it was outshined by the gnocchi I started with.  I preferred my friend's sweet corn and potato agnolotti with smoked chicken.  I thought it was interesting that they stuffed the pasta with the sweet corn.Service was pretty good.  Our waitress was helpful and friendly and great at keeping our drinks refilled.  The entrees took a while to come out, which was strange since the place wasn't that crowded.
2	Great location. Great atmosphere.  Disappointing food.We had the steamed mussels as our appetizer.  It was just ok; there were at least six mussels that weren't opened and we didn't chance eating them. My risotto was so overcooked ... Duck, order medium, served very rare.  Wife's pan roasted grouper had so much olive oil you couldn't taste anything else.  For desert we ordered the Espresso Cheesecake with Hazelnuts and they forgot to put the hazelnuts on (and the small cupcake sized cheesecake served on huge plate was a joke).I would not return or recomend Vivace.
5	I am a food snob. However-will come back over to sample terrific seafood Italian style delectables. Fab wine list. Beautiful space. Date night!
5	I have to give Vivace 5 stars for a number of reasons: 1. Service is outstanding. Go here and you will be treated the way I wish EVERY restaurant in the world treated their customers-friendly and respectful staff, no snobbery either. 2. The food. Here are just a few of my favorites: Mussels: If you are a mussel fan, get these. A large portion of mussels (none of this 10 dinky mussels in a dinky cereal bowl type of thing). The broth is excellent. Want extra bread for dipping (recommended)...no problem! Cured Meat and Cheese board: You can select a variety of cheeses and meats for a yummy appetizer. The staff has never steered me wrong when asking for a recommendation. Warm Bittersweet Chocolate Cake: I have come to Vivace solely for this dessert (after eating dinner elsewhere!). Be difficult like me, and ask for plain vanilla gelato, if they have it, in purist fashion. I have tried a variety of their entrees, the salmon and duck particularly stand out. Oh- and their brunch options are delish, and will cure even the sickliest of hangovers, with class of course. Portions are very nicely sized. The atmosphere is lively, modern, but still relaxed and un-stuffy. Please go to Vivace, it will not be your last visit.
4	I love the atmosphere and the bar and the private area upstairs.  Great place to take a date!  The food is awesome but sometimes the service can be a little slow - but if you are not in a hurry, you will not notice it at all.
3	Delicious night out. The space is large, contemporary and edgy. The calamari was crispy but not greasy and the pasta was rich and authentic. The down side was their salmon was dry & over salted.
3	Fantastic wine selection, lovely patio/atmosphere, and relatively reasonable prices.The server we had was nice, prompt and accommodating.The bad: no gluten free or vegan pasta? Or really any options for us ... the server brought out the "meatless options" menu for me and still, most of it was either cheese filled or fish (fish = meat last I checked... right?).So, I told the chef to go crazy and try to plate something up (for a place thats considered higher scale, this should be cake). I was served fingerling potatoes, arugula salad, steamed tomatoes with roasted corn, and some roasted zucchini and summer squash. The volume of food was impressive; the plating was a little disappointing, and the flavor... *shakes head* They barely seasoned any of it. The steamed tomatoes were my favorite-- and I'm going to partially attribute that to my Chianti.When I go somewhere with relatively steep prices and a tip-top reputation, I hold them to a higher expectation standard. Sorry, Vivace, you just didn't make top marks.I imagine if I come back, it will be to sit on the patio, looking out over the skyline and sipping some fantastic wine. I'll skip on the food.
5	Food is amazing and so is the ambiance - elegant, high energy and fun. Their menu is what a real Italian food is about - sophistication and a flavor explosion. Unfortunately, it's a bit pricey for me. If I could afford it, I'd be there at least once a month.
4	I visited Vivace as it was on my list of the restaurants left in Charlotte that I had not yet experienced. ( http://ApeSmith.com ) I went with a good friend and we stayed for a couple hours at least. I will give full disclosure and say that I knew our server, Jeff beforehand, but did not know that he would be waiting on us so that was a nice surprise!We started out with wine, which was suggested by Jeff off of a nice, simple wine menu and then moved on to cheese and charcuterie offered from the appetizer menu. I chose 3 of each for my friend and I and these servings were HUGE! We couldn't finish all of the meats/cheese and were almost full before the entrees were even ordered. Bonus: the appetizer was only $12 which was a steal! Jeff was nice enough to help us choose which ones we would like best too. Thanks Jeff!We ordered traditional pastas for dinner and barely put a dent in them because we were so full. The pastas were decent but nothing extraordinary. We obviously did not get to the dessert but stayed for a little while longer to chat and finish our wine.I would say that the best part of this place is being able to sit on the patio when the weather is nice and enjoy the sunset and a spectacular view of the Charlotte skyline. It makes for a very romantic evening. The atmosphere inside is upscale, yet hip and modern. The staff is professional and friendly and it seems to be a place to go after work for drinks or a great date spot. If you sit inside the restaurant, afterwards have a glass of wine upstairs on the patio to take advantage of the view as well as the loungey couches. I would go again very soon to try some more Italian yum yums!
4	$5 Bar bites YES YES YES!  These really aren't just "bites" this is quite a deal that Vivace offers.  From 5 to 7 I think Mon. - Thurs. not really sure though - you can get a huge portion of mussels, calamari, pizza and more.  This place has one of the best outdoor seating areas in town and the service has always been great.  They have a nice wine selection but it's not cheap.  I asked about drink specials but they don't really do that here.  I give them 4 stars just for the $5 bar bites not only tasty but affordable.
1	Management will disregard your opentable reservation + specific seating request made 20 DAYS IN ADVANCE and will not even have the courtesy to call you and tell you they are not able to honor your request. Made a reservation + specific seating request 20 DAYS in advance, and was informed only upon arrival that myself and my guests had to be seated exactly where I had NOT requested to be seated and DID NOT want to be seated. Manager's verbatim response "we don't take reservations ... what you submitted online is a request". My guests and I left.
5	I've been to Italy. I've tasted the perfect "al dente" achieved only by master Italian artisans, and gorged on the sweet coffee-soaked lady fingers at the bottom of my tiramisu. I've finished meals off with the carefully measured portion of limoncello and watched fresh basil bake into the home-made mozzarella of a crisp wood-fired pizza as the pomodoro sizzles gently underneath. I find myself back in Rome when I visit Vivace; a masterpiece of fine dining and a treasure found in the heart of Charlotte. Wonderfully contemporary, yet traditional at heart, this restaurant evokes everything one would expect from a top-tier Italian restaurant. We began the meal with the Gnocchi alla Romana with spicy sauteed shrimp, white wine and herb crema. Each flavor danced in my mouth after every bite, distinguishing itself through the freshness of ingredients and mastery of cooking technique. The primi was followed by a Chicken Cappelini (housemade pasta) tossed in a sun-dried tomato cream sauce, crispy pancetta, and topped with arugula. The richness of this dish was not overpowering and the saltiness of the pork rounded the dish off well, thereby achieving perfect balance in taste. I then finished with an enormous portion of Italian gelato and of course, an arancello (a sweet concentrated shot of sweet orange liquor 40% av.) to take me to the next level :)Our server was prompt, kind, and knowledgeable. He had wonderful recommendations and even replaced a melting gelato of his own volition because he had thought it was overly melted. It's restaurants like these that deserve recognition and acclaim in the wider gastronomic community. I commend the staff here and will be back again soon.5/5
3	Pizza was OK wasn't a real fan of the goat cheese in the pizza.  The spaghetti with meatballs was great... pasta cooked al-dente just like fine Italian pasta should be cooked, and their gelattos flavors were great... really liked the cinnamon one. Cheese and meat platter yum!!
5	OK... WOW!  Webster's needs to invent a new word for how truly inventive and great this place is.  I was taken here on a very romantic date.  We had a lovely table on the 2nd floor looking out over the Charlotte Skyline.  My date had the tomato bisque for a first course and it was like velvet.  I had the Caprese Salad and just.. mmmmm!!!  For our entrees we decided to order two different half orders of the pasta dishes.  (Yeah, they do "half orders", can you believe it!?"  We ordered the special which was braised beef with melted cherry tomatoes, and also the Crab pasta dish (see menu online) which came with pasta made with tomato sauce IN the pasta and a little red chille pepper... a white wine sauce, cherry tomatoes and arugula.  OMG... SO SO good!!!  Both dishes were perfect.  They also serve this super yummy "white bean spread" with their bread.  It is such a lovely alternative to butter or oil!  Very unique.  I agree with Chris M., nothing here is heavy at all.  The atmosphere is very trendy yet relaxed and in no way "pretentious".  Our waiter was very nice and well-versed with the menu to assist us in making our selections.  This was the first of what I hope will be many, many more visits to this fine establishment!
5	Definitely still a big fan of Vivace. It definitely is (still) one of the best looking restaurants in town with a sweet patio and *stunning* upstairs lounge area. If you're seeking a private party space you must check out that second floor. Service is spot on and are happy to not only describe the dishes, but they go above and beyond detailing the wines on special, where they come from, what the grapes are like, etc. The menu changes up on occasion and I had the pleasure of trying their new-ish chili capellini with crab. While it sounds like an odd combo, it was tasty and light filled with a sizeable portion of pasta, fresh crab, tomatoes, spinach and a dose of fresh crab meat. And it was spicy! It a good way, of course. For dessert a few girlfriends and I sampled the warm chocolate cake with nutella gelato (WINNER), the apple crostada (with cinammon gelato - delightful) and the mint chocolate chip gelato. Vivace is still one of my faves in the QC. Grazie!
2	Before departing from Charlotte, I went with two of my friends to Vivace on a Sunday evening. The environment had been calling to me for a few months so I figured maybe last time was just a bad night and all of these 5-star reviews must be there for a reason...But, alas.. Service was a bit slow, the wine was lovely, and I got stuck paying $20 again for incredibly mediocre vegetables. Seasoning, people, seasoning!No bread this time around and my friends seemed to think the food was okay (one of which has been spoiled with Italian cooking from his mum) but it was nothing special.Veggies beware: you'll pay a lot of money to be incredibly bored/underwhelmed with the food.
4	This is a great spot, service was awesome and great atmosphere.  Brush up on your italian, the menu can be a bit of a mystery...Lol.  I looked the goat cheese and the expresso, and the dessert oh lala
5	After hearing so many great things, I finally made it to Vivace!  Even with all the hype it did not disappoint! It is absolutely one of the best in Charlotte.  You'll find a great atmosphere and delicious menu. Perfect for a date night, group dinner, or drinks and appetizers at the upstairs bar after work overlooking the Charlotte skyline.For dinner I enjoyed the scallop risotto--amazing!  And my friend was generous enough to let me taste the mussels--also incredible!  Trust me that you will clean your plate, but don't deny yourself dessert.  They are amazing!  We ordered several desserts for the table to get a taste of each and in my opinion the best were the gelatos.  They change their flavors but we had cinnamon, mint chocolate chip and nutella--so good!  I'd say Vivace is the best Italian in Charlotte.
2	Went here for restaurant week last week. I wanted to like the food but the menu for restaurant week had very few options. My salad was quite nice but my main entree - the braised beef ribs had a very irony taste....almost like it was tuna. I dunno it just tasted a bit odd. My hubby liked his chicken though so a tleast we weren't both disappointed with our entrees. Love the dessert though - we got the chocolate torte with vanilla ice cream. All in all it was an ok experience.
5	Vivace lived up to the reputation of great food and service I had been hearing about. My friend and I started with two very nice Italian wines from their by the glass menu along with a bottle of chilled house water - love that. We shared their seasonal salad: roasted sweet potatoes, spicy pecans and goat cheese on fresh greens. We then ordered the smoked chicken and spinach agnolotti and the scallop risotto with roasted beets and wilted spinach.  Both entrees were really, really good. In fact, I know it won't be long before I return. It was that good.
5	Amazing decor and has a great wine selection too ! We started with the fried calamari and a pitcher of Sangria. I had the steak panini and my girl tried the chicken pesto panini we both love it :)
4	L*O*V*E Vivace! Great food and great decorating design makes the experience all that much more pleasing. Very well thought out layout. I enjoy my girls nights out on the patio for a cocktail, lemoncello mojito is my personal preference. Great datenight spot as well.  The mussels are amazing.  If you have a gluten alergy, here is a place that caters just to that and meatless options, an entire menu, how considerate! The service is always on point and they have the food to back it up.
5	Great brick oven true Italian Pizza and Amazing Pasta!!
4	Overall, this is a great place.   I wouldn't say it's good for a romantic dinner though because it is very loud.   I'm definitely not a fan of hip, trendy places with no substance so I was wary, but the food and service delivered 100 percent.  The gnocchi appetizer was delicious.   The caesar salad was a bit cheese-heavy but still good.   I was feeling adventurous so I tried the Scallop Risotto with beets and spinach.  Amazing!   My boyfriend had the spaghetti and meatballs and though the pasta seemed a bit thick to be a spaghetti, it was all really good.   If you still have room, get some dessert.   They make their own liquors there - I tried the orangecello to go with the chocolate molten cake, but they also have lime, lemon and seasonal strawberry.   Strong but good.    The cake was everything I wanted it to be.   Yum!As for our service, we sat upstairs and were not wanting for more water, drinks, food, etc.   He was really on top of his game and made the experience that much better.
4	Beautiful and elegant atmosphere , impressive wine list, a menu that changes with the season but is consistently tasty, and one of the best patios in Charlotte.  Their $10 bottomless mimosas on Sunday may just be the best deal in town.  Not too bad, Vivace, not too bad...
4	2nd visit this time for a full meal. Delightful! We sat upstairs with a gorgeous view of the skyline. Our server was fabulous. Every part of the food was good, bread to dessert. My caesar salad was amazing, it's hard to be wowed by salad but they did it. It is very loud. Looking forward to returning.
3	Vivace was a fun place to have dinner with a family member on a recent trip to my former hometown. We arrived at 8 on a Friday night and the place was still jam-packed. As the evening wore on, the number of diners decreased and the number of lounge drinkers upstairs increased. The upstairs area (which has a full bar) would be a fantastic space to reserve for a rehearsal dinner or other special event. There is an open patio that has a fantastic view of downtown Charlotte.The food was pretty good - nothing to write home about, but nothing to complain about either. The service was spectacular - we had a very nice waitress who helped us pick out things to eat and drink. The atmosphere is on the trendy/hip side, but nothing too obnoxious. Lots of seating available for both couples and larger groups.Overall, I probably wouldn't return here when I visit, but if I lived in town, I might hit it up again with a group of friends. I'd definitely go for a drink on that upstairs patio with the view.
3	I have been to Vivace a hand full of time and I have had completely different experiences each time I have been. My most recent experience is this past Sunday morning where I went with a group of friends to enjoy bottomless Mimosa's for $10. Being a bartender myself, I can imagine the bar staff does not look forward to Sunday mornings where people parade up to the bar and continually ask for more free booze. This past week was definitely busy because it was the first day of gorgeous NC weather and everyone just wanted to be outside somewhere drinking.I got there closer to 2pm (I found out that the "bottomless" drinks ends at 4) so I believe there were probably some intoxicated people there, some most likely from the Saturday before. When I walked up to the bar, there were 3 people bartending. One girl looked up at my friend and I and just went back to polishing the wine glass in her hand. Then she continued to make drinks for the service well as we stood there waiting for her to help us. 3 other people walked up right in front of her (at the service well) and she served them almost instantaneously. I found a seat for my group and left my one friend to grab our drinks. Sitting at a dirty table for 10 more minutes, my friend finally came back with our 3 glasses of mimosas. We had no server come over, offer to take the dirty glasses away or even ask us if we wanted a refill. We had to go back up to the bar every time we wanted a refill and endure the 10 minute wait each time. (To set the scene: there were probably 7 people sitting at the actual bar, so they weren't slammed enough where they couldn't see us walk up).  On my third refill one of the girls behind the bar (Jackie I believe was her name) greeted me with a smile within seconds and asked if I needed a refill. I said thank you and she offered me a carrafe to take to my table so we didn't need to get up so often. I asked her her name and thanked her again before I left.I'm not writing this to slam Vivace because I believe they do very well on non-Sunday mornings, but I think that if they are going to offer such a great special, I would hope they would staff accordingly or at least get nicer bartenders (minus Jackie) to politely tell their guests they will be right with them. I probably will go back another Sunday and give them another try, but if Vivace management reads this review, I would hope you could remind your staff to be a little more curtious on busy days.
4	Stopped in for a post dinner desert / wine on the patio on a Sunday night. Fantastic mood on the patio for a warm fall night. Great peach crostada and gelato. In and out quickly but not rushed, great service and recommendation.
5	We miss VIVACE so much, the Raleigh location is run a bit tighter but the food is fantastic at both locations.TIPS:  1. Order the Margarita Pizza with a side of crushed red pepper2. Pair it with a glass of "Gertrude" red blend (Cab, Merlot, Sangiovese)3. The Hanger Steak with the braised short rib and Yukon potatoes is awesome so order that.4.  The Pasta's are made in-house and you can taste the difference, have someone else order a pasta dish and steal a bite.
5	Oh, Vivace. I had long wondered why I was never a huge fan of Italian cuisine. Too many experiences of overly-filled plates of pasta with heavy, sweet sauce I suppose. My negative streak was meant to be broken here! Vivace has tuned my palate to the finer side of Italian eating. These guys have a killer location in Metro and their space is coveted by many. Juxtaposition alone lands them a whopping high-five. Hello, greenway and view of Uptown. Little did I know before my visit. We stumbled in on a lazy afternoon for a 3:30pm lunch. Perfect timing for a quiet meal on the patio. We had one of their over-sized umbrellas all to our selves with a glorious Uptown backdrop. We weren't even aiming for romantic but it comes standard on the patio. Huge fan.Our server was very helpful and knowledgeable with the menu. Took into account the weather (rather hot) and recommended some refreshing appetizers and drinks. Greatly appreciated his recommendations. I ordered a Limon Cello. Fresh lime juice, triple sec and soda water. Here's the breakdown on the "Cellos." Not an instrument. Nay. In fact, there are several choices and all made from fresh fruits and juices in house. Quite impressive and the freshness doesn't lie. Apps: Bruschetta. Holy wow. This is the best bruschetta I've had in the Queen City to date. Perfectly balanced with fresh bread, sweetness and fresh basil. The tomatoes are smoked in house. Yes, I said smoked. The flavor is incredible. Comes with six 1-2 bite pieces. Each should be savored and perhaps taken from your fellow diners if they aren't paying attention. I was tempted to lick the plate. Incredible flavors swirling on each crostini of joy. Cheese Plate. Man. What a treasure trove. We chose all 6 cheeses to try. Served on a woodblock with bread, honey, an apricot marmalade and a cranberry chutney-ish jam. Each cheese had it's own interesting note. Spicy, sweet, fermented, strong, mild and so on. No combination was incorrect with the jams and honey. I'd get this again in a heartbeat. Entree-ish: Prosciutto di Parma pizza. The dough was thin, chewy and served as a perfect catalyst for the rest of the flavors. Fig spread, Gorgonzola and arugula danced very lightly on my palate and complimented one another nicely. This pizza was great. The proscuitto was only on half since my wife is a vegetarian but it was great. Mild and salty like it should be. Dessert: Pistachio gelato. Creamy and choc a boc filled with pistachio pieces. Served with a biscotti. I only wish there had been a few more pieces of biscotti since it worked so well with the gelato. So glad to have tried Vivace finally. Looking forward to heading back in the near future for a further look into their pizzas and greater entree selection. Cheers! (or, Ciao!)
4	I'm ok with Vivace. I'm not a huge "pasta Italian" fan. This place has the more upscale Italian fare with plenty of entrees that I can't even pronounce! :DI initially ate here over a year ago & had a nice shrimp pasta dish, that they don't even carry on the menu anymore. I remembered liking it because it was a simple dish with a light sauce that wasn't the typical marinara type sauce.Since that outing, I've been here a couple more times in the bar area. The drinks are delicious & refreshing & they have an extensive wine list.  The bartenders are always nice & are quick to give you recommendations.I love the interior of the restaurant...fresh, modern, & upscale. Their patio seating is nice, as well. Other notes: pricey!  They offer banquet menus, the restaurant is great for groups, they have a meatless options menu, valet parking, & lunch & brunch.
1	Honestly, the decor is great, the food is ok, but the staff and service are the worst!  I don't know where they hire the people that work there, but I am so over how we are treated everytime we walk in the door.  As residents of the Metropolitan, you would think they would at least remember that we lived upstairs, but after a year and a half, nothing.  They are rude, unprofessional, and completely unaware.  We have tried to give them several chances and tonight was our last.  We called in to order food for "pick up" and they told us it would take 40 min before our food would be ready.  We waited upstairs, in our home, for 40 min, walked downstairs to grab our food, and the bartender says, "wow, I thought I would be getting a free dinner tonight because I didn't think you guys were coming!".  I then told him, we were told to come in 40 min, and he backtracked by saying, "oh yea, it has been really busy tonight, it probably did take about 40 min".  No it didn't because our food was cold and had clearly been sitting there for a while. Then he tells us, if he were us, he would have came a bit earlier to grab drinks while we waited for our food.  If we wanted to do that, we would have.  We just wanted to order a quick meal to take back up to our place...we definitely did not need him to tell us, "what we should have done". Almost all of the residents feel the same about Vivace, so I doubt any of their business comes from us, which reflects poor management.  I don't even have the time to get into everything else they have done to piss us off in the past year.  My $$ and business will continue to go to Dressler's and Pisces where they treat the locals like family.  Take a hint Vivace.
4	Greast menu, selection and food were great for the price point.  Waitstaff could be a little more mature which would help in discussing preferences, especially wine options.  Like the interior overall, good space, table and atmosphere options.  We sat upstairs and it was nice, downstairs had some nice large table options too.  Only ambiance flaw is that it is so close to a major road which isn't very nice to look out on during an otherwise good dinner.
4	Vivace is a good Italian restaurant with a modern twist we enjoy going to this place. The food is good as well as the service. Really nice Decor with great views of the city skyline. one of our favorite places
5	We had the pleasure this week of visiting Vivace during Restaurant Week.  Restaurant Week dining can be hit or miss in some places, as the huge volume of business can show the cracks in one's service planning, but the staff at Vivace are on the ball!  3 courses for $30?  They up the ante to 4 courses--5 if you count the amuse bouche.  Before we even ordered, we were brought little plates of corvina ceviche, which were fresh and bright.  We were seated in the upper dining area near the bar, which is a little less formal than the main floor, and affords a very nice view of Uptown.  I think this place could be a little loud, but being up there helped immensely with making conversation without shouting possible. Our waitress happily explained the items on the menu we weren't able to translate ourselves (I know now ceci means chickpea in Italian!) and then we were off to the races.  My husband had the watermelon and balsamic appetizer, the flavors of which he said were "unexpected" but very good in combination.  I snacked on the aforementioned fried chickpeas which had a very nice spice on them--maybe harissa?  Something Mediterranean, but not your traditional Italian garlic and basil.  Spicy and flavorful, and fun as finger food!  Then came the first course, which at our table meant bruschetta with fresh peaches and basil (mmmmm, toasty!), and sweet corn agnolotti.  Oh, the agnolotti!  Little pillows of thin pasta bursting with a filling of creamy mascarpone and darkly sweet carmelized onions, coated in a sauce of fresh sweet corn and butter.  I will now forever dream of these when I think of good pasta.  They might make it onto my Death Row Meal list.  Outstanding!  Next up, entrees.  I had the fish, a corvina in aqua pazza with fresh tomatoes and cucumbers.  This is a very meaty fish, and the fresh veggies made for a light and satisfying meal.  However, I cast several longing glances at my husband's hanger steak and potato croquette.  Okay, I admit it, I am a bite-stealer.  Protect your food!  That potato thingy was amazing!  Crispy and crunchy on the outside, meltingly fluffy potato mash on the inside.  This kitchen staff knows what it is doing with a steak, too!  Lastly dessert.  Ah, dessert.  For me, tiramisu, for Mr. L, the lemon panna cotta.  Both very satisfying, both creamy, but light years apart in their vision of dessert.  The tiramisu was sweet, creamy and rich, the panna cotta was thick and light, with a little astringency from the blueberries.  In all, a perfect ending that suited both our dessert palates.  Will we go back during a normal dining week?  Oh yes!  There is a charcuterie plate we saw go by that I must try, and I am sure their grilled pizzas are a wonder of bread and cheese engineering, and, well, everything on their menu looks like it is well thought out and carefully constructed.  What a pleasure!
5	Wow!!! Classy place with attention to detail. They have an expeditor who makes sure food is served in a timely manner and that the food looks and tastes wonderful. I had Bruschetta made with beautiful Heirloom Tomatos, Lump Crab Cappelini, garluc spinach and Lavender Panna Cotta. Every dish was great! The Cappelini had an amazing amount of crab meat, and the sauce was infused with tasty crab flavor. The pasta is house made and served perfectly Al Dente. Best italian food I've enjoyed in quite some time. Service was quick, friendly, and above the board professional. Great place for a romantic date.
4	Great atmosphere! Great food and Wine collection. They have a very modern feel and very classy restaurant. Love the upstairs patio. Been out on it twice (friends rented it) and the customer service was wonderful. Check out the upstairs next time you're in the area. Great spot!
5	Delicious!  Calamari was easily in the top 5 I have had... Margarita pizza wasn't really traditional, but still looked and tasted great
4	Yum!!! Came here for my friends 30th birthday part this past weekend and everything about the experience was great. The rooftop seating facing uptown Charlotte along with our wonderful waitress made everything awesome. They put a lot of emphasis on the birthday girl which was very much appreciated. We ordered many different items with the group and it all tasted delicious.The Cheese platter- Assortment of cheeses, jams and cured meats everything tasted fresh and was the perfect amountCaprese Salad- Delicious! Smoked chicken ravioli - a little too smoked for my liking but all in all it was pretty decentSpaghetti - Just had spaghetti and not the meatbals but they cooked it in with red chili flakes to give it a kick and was a huge hit with everyone that tried it
4	This place is incredible inside. It a very romantic setting with dim lights & a red hue. It's definitely a classy place. I started with a fruity mixed drink & didn't love it.  The bread that came out was fantastic, soft & flavored with rosemary, very nice. I ordered the smoked chicken agnolotti & I really enjoyed it. The flavor was great, the only problem was the portion size was pretty small considering how much it cost. That wa my only complaint. I planned on ordering the maple cheesecake but didn't so I will be coming back just for dessert next time.
3	Here's to my very first Yelp review!  Here goes nothing!So, I've been in Charlotte for a little over a year now, and with the exception of Villa Antonio, I have yet to find a decent Italian restaurant.  Wanting to celebrate my girlfriends B-Day in style, I made a reservation for two at Vivace / uptown Charlotte.  Not wanting to dine in a 'dead restaurant' I had specifically asked them how busy they tend to be on a weeknight.  The hostess was nice enough to check their reservations and let me know that they had a few large parties and the place turned out to be pleasantly busy for a Wednesday.  The atmosphere was very cool, with music, two bars (one upstairs and one downstairs), and no shortage of lounge seating to enjoy a drink with friends.  One area on the upper deck had VERY nice views of the Charlotte skyline.  I didn't see their drink menu so I can't comment on price, but, it seems a cool place to go even if you aren't necessarily hungry.  But, hungry we were!  As soon as we sat down our waiter dropped a nice bread basket.  Made in-house.  We ordered two appetizers;  Calamari with Spicy tomato aioli and Gnocchi with shrimp, pancetta, corn crema & arugula.  The gnocchi was OUT.OF.CONTROL!  On the other hand, the calamari was perfectly run of the mill, but, at only $10 bucks, it's not going to offend anyone.  If I have to say one thing about the calamari; there's a LOT of it! My main course was the pan seared pork chop which comes over grilled sausage, ciambotta, parmesan polenta, and fried capers.  This pork chop was a game changer!  Order it how you like, but, medium-rare was how I ordered it.  At first I didn't think I'd be able to finish it, but, I persevered.  My girlfriend needed help finishing her Seared Scallop Risotto with spinach, spicy capicola, & cherry pepper crema.  Me being the gentleman that I am, helped her polish it off.  I'll vouch for the both of us that it was NO JOKE!  The portions were very generous and the presentation was great!  When making my reservation, I just mentioned that it was my girlfriends birthday and without bringing it up again, they brought out a mint chocolate ice cream, on the house.  It was great!  When we were done, we asked our waiter if he could take our picture on their 2nd floor terrace overlooking the city.  He obliged.  All-in-all, GREAT night out!
4	The carne e formaggio with mustard, honey, and marmellata is fantastic! I hogged most of the tray and only let a few pieces of the meats and cheeses go because I'm a nice person. ;)The veal was good, but not particularly memorable.  The interior of the restaurant is great, with cool lighting, two floors, and a bar area that is marked off by a partial wall.Until I find another decent cheese plate in this city, Vivace is going to be my go-to for this Italian staple.
5	Beautiful ambiance, food ws delicious, prompt and well presented. Complimentary Valet parking. Clearly will go again when traveling back to Charlotte. Also convenient reservation system trough the Yelp links.
2	Came highly recommended, but we were disappointed. I had the duck, which was fairly tasty, but tough. My wife had the veal, which was ok, but nothing to rave about. Expensive for the quality of food. Service was acceptable, but nothing special. Maybe our expectations were just too high.
4	I'm a big fan of this place. There's not a bad thing on the menu. Been here twice for office parties, and both times have been very impressed. Good service, and good clientele.The calamari and pizza are pretty damn good. Outdoor patio is secluded from greenway, and view is good of Uptown.I'll definitely come back again. If you haven't checked this out, you should.
4	Great place for a casual / upscale dinner.  It can get a little pricey if you have a couple drinks but the food is well worth it.  My favorite item is the duck, I've had it multiple times and it has been cooked perfectly each time.
4	Friday was my second time at Vivace and both times were wonderful! I had the salmon and I have had the duck. Both meals were beyond perfect. The alcohol prices were a little too much, but the atmosphere and the food won me over. I will be returning. OFTEN!
4	We finally visited Vivace for the first time this past Saturday night.  As expected, it was beautiful inside the restaurant.  As unexpected, while it isn't supercasual, it's not superdressy or stuffy either.  It was "just right."  Classy, but casual.We were seated in a corner booth/table.  The lighting/atmosphere of the restaurant is very pleasant, and the decor is very modern.  To start, we ordered a couple of random Italian wines neither of us had heard of before.  And, yes, I probably pronounced it wrong.To start, we ordered the calamari fritti and bruschetta with goat cheese, tomato, and broccoli rabe.  The portion of the calamari was very generous.  And while spicy tomato aioli dipping sauce and grilled peppers sprinkled in between the calamari pieces gave the dish a great flavor, the calamari itself didn't have much flavor.  I think the coating needed some spices/flavoring added to it to really perk it up.  The three pieces of bruschetta were delicious, but I didn't taste much of the goat cheese.  I think it could have used more, especially for the price.  Because the portion was so big and we had other food still on its way, we only finished about 2/3 of the calamari.  Our server came by to take it away and we were surprised that he didn't offer to box it up for us, so I spoke up and asked for a to-go box for it.  BTW, we never did see the rest of the calamari again.  Whomp whomp.  I guess it was just as well.  Calamari doesn't necessary reheat very well.  It just seemed odd that our server would just take it away, though, and not ask if we'd like the rest of it wrapped up.  We did pay for it after all.  And the table next to us had two big bags of leftover food that they were taking home. Next came soup and salad.  My partner ordered their soup of the day, which was a black eyed pea soup, and I ordered the caprese salad.  I'm not a big fan of black eyed peas, but the creamy soup had a good flavor to it.  My salad was fantastic, though.  Different than normal caprese salads consisting of tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, basil, and balsamic vinegar, this one had roasted tomatoes, mozzarella, pesto, and balsamic vinegar.  The roasting of the tomatoes (that were served cold) really made a huge difference and gave the dish extra flavor.    We ordered so many pre-meal dishes because we noticed that Vivace offers smaller portions of some of their entree dishes.  That's great for diners who would like to sample a variety of their items, like we did.  So for our mini entrees, my partner tried the Butternut Squash Tortellini and I tried the Scallop Risotto.  The risotto was actually a pumpkin risotto with two good-sized grilled scallops on top.  Both had a delicious flavor to them.  Again, it was "just enough" because we had already had several appetizers/tapas.  This was like just one more.  I'd like to come back during the warmer months and try their fabulous patio seating, but I'll make sure not to order too much food that I can't take to-go.
4	Great italian place in Charlotte. I consider Charlotte NY's little brother and Vivace would fall in line with that assesment. It's like you were dropped into a nice italian restaurant in NYC. The ambiance is very nice, not overly casual or stuffy. The service was very good and the wine options are fairly decent.
4	Trusted the Yelpers' reviews and tried this place out. Definitely worth it.Wow this place is beautiful! This an opera house or a restaurant? Kidding. Mostly.Haven't seen this mentioned much, but the menu does offer both vegetarian and gluten free options. Can't vouch for any of them as I like dead animals.Skipped the Salmon and Tuna, as those are not Italian pesce. Purist in somethings. Went with the Pork Due. Asked for it blushing pink inside and they nailed it. Flavorful, moist and well, yummy. Negative: wine list offerings seem to be put together by the distributor (not unusual). They need to be paired better with the menu offerings. Beers as well.
4	I'm a big fan of Vivace... love the upscale rendition of classic Italian cuisine. Normally I like my Italian food in the hole-in-the-wall place with the red and white checkered table covering and the home-cooked style that tastes like Grandma is cooking in the back.  So when I think about fine dining, my mind normally doesn't go to Italian (unless I'm in NYC), but Vivace does a great job.  Only reason I dinged them a star is that the Raleigh location seems to have better quality food... not sure if its a talent or food supply issue, but I think consistency is important for a 5-star and CLT has a bit of catch-up to do with Raleigh.On a final note, it is refreshing to see an Italian restaurant stick with an all-Italian wine list!  There's a reason why Italian cuisine goes so well with Italian food - it is not a coincidence.  So to not see the "Harris Teeter" collection of wines here was great and the bottle selections are awesome... coming from a guy who is obsessed with Italian wines.
4	I really love Vivace. They have a great atmosphere (especially when it's warm and you can sit outside with views of the city and the greenway) and excellent food. The pastas come in small and large portions that are priced fairly - the small is enough for one, the large will fill you up too much so take some home! I've tried many of the pizzas (love them all), the squid ink pasta (absolutely incredible and unique), and the veal (solid). The salads are tasty, as well. The wine and beer lists are varied enough to provide something for various palettes (which is VERY important since every Italian meal should be accompanied by a glass of something boozie)! Bonus points for complimentary valet parking at the worst parking place in all of Charlotte. See you soon, Vivace!
4	Approved. Delicious food and really really great atmosphere. Highly recommended. Sunday brunch was packed and the wait staff was unable to keep up with everything. Hangar steak with eggs was good and the spaghetti with meatballs looked really good. The portions were a little small, but perfect for all those young skinny bankers who like to hang out at places like this. Sit outside if you can. I'd go back.
4	The restaurant has a unique, modern, open style to it, that I love. The drinks were great and the food was too! From the white bean dip, pizza, to the meatballs and pasta, a nice treat in the Metropolitan shopping center.
2	Decent food at an affordable price. However the Asian hostess was outwardly rude to us for Easter brunch. She should not be in the food industry, or in any job that involves speaking to human beings. Other than than major setback, we had a good time.
4	Great place for Sunday Brunch! Nice sociable atmosphere!
4	Solid 4 Stars. Hip crowd, delicious food, great atmosphere. We had reservations for 8:30 on a Saturday night and arrived with the place in full swing. We started with cocktails at the bar (yum) and then proceeded to our table where we dug into delicious, doughy bread, a flatbread appetizers, almonds/olives and more wine. For dinner I had the chicken with sweet potato polenta and some sort of delicious sauce. Others at the table had salads and pasta. All were decadent and amazing. We thoroughly enjoyed this meal and would be back for round 2 any time.
4	Great place! Awesome wait staff. Our table had lots of different meals and everything was top notch. Come here.
4	Excellent food, wine, and atmosphere.. First time dinning there but will definitely return..
4	whoever listed this in Meyers Park is wrong....the neighborhood is considered Midtown.  the food is hit or miss....sometimes i've had amazing items, other times i've been disappointed.  obviously you cannot deny the view from upstairs.  and i do love their bottomless mimosas for brunch.  service is usually good.
5	I have always been a fan of Vivace, but this new spring menu is blowing my mind-- definitely worth going in to check out. A few of my favorite highlights?-Cheese plate offerings- Crucolo Trentino? Where else can you find that outside of Alto Adige? FINALLY a chef that isn't just dialing in his cheese selection (no more Maytag blue, pleeease.)-LOVE the chilled hazelnut soup with muscadine granita-- what a cool (get it ha) and delicious way to incorporate something SO quintessential North Carolina with Italian ingredients -- local meets tradition!-One app is simply house churned butters and homemade bread -- need I say more?All the pasta dishes are lovely - mostly due to the fact that they are cooked and seasoned properly, and not overly intricate- LOVE that they come in two sizes too so that you can share....or not..I usually just share a bunch of the small plates with friends (who doesn't love to eat like that?) but if I do get a main entree it would have to be the NC Triggerfish. The sweet corn and nutty farro ragout that the fish rests upon could be a meal in itself - especially with the grilled oyster mushrooms that also accompany the dish. Add that fresh, sweet, mild fish atop and you're in for a memorable dinner. Usually you don't get lucky and get great food AND a good wine list -- which is why Vivace got the 5th star for me. All Italian, a lot of small family owned producers, unusual grapes you don't typically see (think Cococciola from Abruzzo--a yummy crisp white) and most importantly -- NOT at every other restaurant in Charlotte.  Not to mention with the design of the restaurant you can't help but feel sexy while sipping whatever little libation you choose...Looking forward to my next visit!!!
5	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Fantastic eats! (Had the veal and pork meatballs, fresh linguine, grilled artichoke, and salmon)2) Exceptional staff (Our waiter had the most polite and genuinely happy attitude) 3) Nice seating layout; We were lucky to have a long table outside with the city-scape when the sun was setting (perfect for our birthday buddy) Cons:1) None that I could think of
5	Vivace was excellent. I started with a side mixed green salad which was very tasty, not too large, not too small. Then, I had the sea scallop risotto for my entree and the swallows were cooked just right; the risotto was just the right consistency. The flavor was great as it needed no salt or pepper. I liked that the restaurant offered small portions as it allowed me room for dessert. Of course I had to try the tiramisu which was delicious. In addition to the food, the atmosphere and service was awesome. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting the Charlotte area.
4	I gave Vivace another shot this past weekend and I am glad I did....I'm glad I came with a group this time because I was able to sample quite a few different items and we started with a couple of their appetizers which were very good.We tried the bruchetta, grilled artichoke and the calamari....the bruchetta won the competition and may even be one of the best I've had in town.  The grilled artichoke was a little dry and flavorless but the calamari was on point.Between the 8 of us we tried quite a few pasta dishes from the very basic spaghetti and meatballs to the homemade cavatelli in a sweet potato cream sauce to their Bolognese that had a goat cheese cream sauce...everything was wonderful!!I like that they offer full or half portions because the pasta was definitely heavy so the smaller portion was just enough!!The service was good for the most part...the hostess crew seemed a little dazed and confused but unfortunately that isn't totally abnormal.  They called to confirm my reservation and I told them it went from 10 guests to 8, when I arrived they had me down for a party of 10 and the table was set for 10, yet when other members of the party started to show up they were told there is no party listed under my name...whatever!!  The waitress was lovely and the service the rest of the night was great so that's all that matters.The food is not what I would classify as Italian...I would say it is Italian-fusion but there is not much about this restaurant that is traditional...I think grandma and grandpa macaluso would be insulted that we call this Italian!  However, they do serve pasta and fish so that has to count for something!  The wine list is pretty diverse and affordable and the menu has something for everyone so that is a huge plus as well.As so many have mentioned, the atmosphere is beautiful, sleek, trendy and modern.  The view of the city from the balcony is lovely...overall a great experience.
3	We thought Vivace was good.  I think there are better similar restaurants in the area.  When we arrived, two hostesses were disagreeing over a seating arrangement for a larger party.  They were cordial to each other, but when you're standing right there, it was noticeable and one of them should have quietly "given in" to her side of the disagreement and moved on.  It also prevented either of them from looking up to greet us, which was rude and unfortunately our first impression of the staff.We had reservations at 7pm on a Friday, and before being seated we requested to sit near the skyline view upstairs and it was not a problem.  We initially requested the patio but were told it is first come first serve, which was fine because once we saw the patio we realized we would have been sitting on patio furniture which is not preferable for enjoying a nice meal, in my opinion.  The patio would be great for drinks.My husband had gnocchi which he liked, and I had the chicken scarpiello, which was just ok.  Kind of oily.This does not affect my rating of the restaurant, but to the parents, I thought it was extremely rude to be hosting an 8th grader's birthday party at a restaurant such as Vivace on a busy Friday night.  For the most part, the young girls stuck by themselves on the patio, but when they saw one of their friends walk in with her mom, and group of 12 girls rushed inside to greet their friend, screaming and talking loudly, jumping up and down.  They crowded by our dinner table, and neither the mom of the friend, nor the parents of the birthday girl (seated at the table right next to us!) did or said anything to quiet the children down or ask them to step away from our space or go back outside! So rude, and completely interrupted our dinner.  Why does your 13 or 14 year old daughter need to have a large group of her friends out with her to Vivace to celebrate her juvenile birthday? Ridiculous.
4	I met a friend here for dessert and I can't wait to go back for dinner soon!  We were able to sit outside on the couches which was perfect.  The weather was gorgeous and the couches are cute and comfy.I got the tres leche cake and it was really good.  My friend got the tiramisu and it was delicious as well!  While we were there, we saw all the food that was coming out of the kitchen for dinners and it looked/smelled amazing!
3	We went here for brunch this past weekend and I was so disappointed :(.  I was so excited to try this place out and I brunch is my favorite meal ever, so I thought it would be great.  The brunch menu looks really good and it was gorgeous weather out so we were able to sit outside.  The meal started off well - we got the Bruschetta app.  It was so different, but good different.  It had cauliflower on it and it just tasted good.  I ordered the open face panino for my entree.  It was sooo rich and heavy.  The cheese sauce was so overpowering and salty and my food was drenched in it, so it wasn't the best... Two people we went with ordered the grilled hanger steak entree.  Both steaks had significant amounts of char/burnt edges on it.  No one was overly impressed.Also, just as a side note, we all forgot that you can't order alcohol before 12 on Sundays and we overheard a lot of other tables trying to order mimosas and stuff as well.  I was kind of disappointed to have brunch without a mimosa, but not their fault that's the law.  I wish we went at 12 instead of 11 though.
3	Love a lot about the place! Seated on the patio late afternoon and it was a gorgeous view of uptown. Service was good through dinner. Server did a great job helping with wine selections by the glass. Disappointed in the wood fired pizza. Not crispy crust as stated on the menu. Just the opposite really. Baked more like a thin cake dough. I was okay with that but not impressed that our server did not pick up on the fact, even though I ate everything but the crust. Even more disappointed that after I mentioned it he had nothing, NOTHING to say. I asked him to please pass on my comments to the chef. Still, Nothing! Tipped him well and left. I will go back!
2	My friends and I went to Vivace a few times last summer for Sunday brunch.  We came back for the $11 all you can drink Mimosas, but did not order food.  Great outdoor space/patio, its too bad the food isn't better.  I had the Bruschetta, it was made with CANNED tomatoes.  In summer, really???  I know I've tried a couple other dishes on the Sunday brunch menu that were so underwhelming I can't remember what they were.  I did read that their chef had left them last summer, but has since returned, so I may give the food another try, although it concerned me in the interview that the chef mentioned she planned on continuing to use CANNED tomatoes in the Bruschetta...
5	Between the great atmosphere, the friendly waitstaff, and the delicious food, there are so many good things I could say about Vivace.As expected with an Italian restaurant, the wine selection is very nice.  They have a simple, one-page menu, but what they make, they make really well (besides, too many options can be overwhelming).  On this particular occasion I tried a few of their brick oven pizzas (I would highly recommend the Amor di Carne), and for dessert... OH MY GOSH are they generous with their gelato!  I couldn't even finish a 1-scoop serving.  One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte!
5	I've been getting quite generous with my ratings as of late, but I feel like it's so well-deserved!  Maybe I'm dining out and getting lucky with some spots, or maybe I'm just in a general jovial mood.  Whatever it may be, let the good times roll.First of all, the place has a modern feel, but still very classy.  It's a good balance of a nice solid sit-down first-date restaurant (maybe?) but also a great place to hang out in the bar and patio.  So given all the upside of the patio and bar (and probably the good-looking people that would frequent such a spot)... I came here for Saturday lunch when there wasn't any diners.  What?  I came after a round of golf, in full golf garb, to get a solid meal in--I wasn't disappointed.I ordered the spaghetti.  Simple and classic to really gauge the cooking...if I wasn't completely blasted already for a round of golfing + day-drinking.  It hit the spot and I appreciated the portion size.  It wasn't too much where there's lots of leftover, but at the same time, it wasn't too little that left me wanting more.  Props to portion control.Service complemented the food well.  One dude in our group doesn't eat meat, and ordered the sea scallops with risotto.  It came with prosciutto and the staff took it back promptly without a tinge of unhappiness.  It's a classy thing to do and was surprised at how well it was handled.  They don't get five stars for this, it's a reason that they have five stars--if that makes sense at all.I'll gladly be a patron of this restaurant, and hopefully I can make it out here on one of the more popping nights... looks like a good scene...dmo out.
4	Vivace was a very stylish place to grab dinner. The service was wonderful, our waiter was sweet and helpful. We told him our budget for wine and he had very helpful suggestions and even served us a bottle typically sold by the glass, not bottle, to satisfy our wants! He gave great suggestions throughout the night and even took our valet ticket down for us so that our car was waiting when we left the restaurant. We, two girls out for a birthday, started with the cheese and meat plate where you can choose from a list of well-appointed selections. We then had a pizza and two small plates - scallop risotto and pasta bolognese - to share. The pizza's crust was perfect and the toppings were of great quality. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the risotto was creamy. The amount of food was perfect for us to get full and also to sample multiple things. Only downfall was the noise in the upstairs area. We were seated at a very nice table by the window, but unfortunately, in the center of the room was a ten-person group that were so loud. Like Real Housewives of Charlotte loud. They basically made it impossible to hear anything besides their conversation. Once their food came out, they quieted down. Other than the noise, the place was great!
4	I've had three wonderful experiences at Vivace. One was at a sunday brunch (hello, bottomless mimosas!) the other happy hour (5 dollar appetizers from 4 to 6) and the other on a busy saturday night for dinner. Each experience was very positive. The service is always on point. The wait staff is very friendly, but they leave you alone and don't linger. The cocktails and wine list are really wonderful. I haven't had anything I didn't like. The best meal that stands out in my mind is the  fig and prosciutto pizza. We loved it so much each time that we ordered two. The mussels are also delicious. The ambiance inside and outside are nice. If you can, sit outside on a nice summer night! The couches and pillows are super comfy!
4	Let me set the scene, Date night,  we were the first table sat at 5pm.  I went by at 11am to pick out a table, drop the rose and give instructions for how I would like the table prepared.     EPIC FAIL!  We were sat at the wrong table, the rose was on a table I did not pick, the candle was not lit.   and we were sat against the windows where the sun was in our eyes so then we had to switch seats and place our backs to the windows.   Now a good start but lets move on..   Food was spectacular,   I highly recommend the truffle ravioli. (I almost licked the plate)   The server was extremely attentive and knowledgeable on the food.  I hate that I cant remember his name to give him credit.   ( upstairs july 27th shaved head )Overall excellent experience except for the fact that I took the effort to come in and pick out a table away from the windows so the sunlight would not be in our eyes and that I gave fairly specific instructions as to how I wanted the rose on the table and candle lit as we sat.    Next time I will have the host repeat the instructions. --side note-- it was restaurant week, and there were only 4 tables for me to choose from when I showed up at 11am,  I chose the best out of the 4 and a five pm seating time so we could make it to the theater at 730pm.   There were only 6 tables sat by the time we left at 645 700.    My point,  we should have had our pick of the litter for tables.
3	As a fan of brunch, I'm always looking for a good solution for my raging Sunday hunger pangs. After church, we decided to swing by Vivace. On the positive side, they had $2.50 mimosas. Also noteworthy is the bruschetta appetizer. With a chunky pesto, warmed tomatoes and cheese on super crusty bread, it's probably the most well-executed menu item we tried.There were some down sides, too. The mimosas were constructed en masse in carafes, and weren't cold enough. The Mr ordered a lemoncello that was far too subtle for our taste. It lacked any zing and felt far too heavy for the generous serving size. That was disappointing. I ordered the Caprese Panino, imagining a crispy edged panini dripping with gooey mozzarella. My stupid American expectations were dashed by a very forgettable sandwich on ciabatta. Cold, sliced mozz. Pesto. Smoked Tomatoes. It was filling but none too impressive. The bread was the biggest component of the sandwich, and I don't think it should have been.On the side, I made the mistake of ordering the Tuscan Potatoes. The only thing going for these tubers was the flavor. They were HUGE, over-fried and dry. The Mr eventually had to ask for some ketchup to moisten them enough to choke them down. I would have preferred that they were smaller, at the very least.Service was fine, bathrooms clean, live music on the patio, and apparently the Mr enjoyed his steak and eggs.Overall, I'd go back, but not for brunch.
5	The swordfish special last evening was Superb ! My husband had the swordfish.  It was moist and tender. How did I know?  Because I tasted it !  I was leary of ordering it myself as I hadn't had good experiences with swordfish elsewhere.  It was Awesome and I sneeked another bite or two as dinner went on. The best mussels I've had the pleasure to eat .My bolonese never dissapoints me.. Loved it !  Desserts were fabulous !!  A most pleasurable dining experience !!  Service was top knotch :)  Definitely on my Favorites list.
5	As early as we got here, I didn't expect to see much activity. However at the early hour of 5:15 this place was going pretty strong and more people started at arrive. Very nicely decorated and loved the open kitchen along with the light fixtures.We both didn't think the bread served was the best, as it was seasoned and served cold. However the rest of the meal was top notch.Hubby went with the creamy tomato with goat cheese. It was excellent and natural flavor with a snippet of goat cheese that went perfectly together.We chose vivace meatball appetizer and the sauce was perfect.For an entree hubby went with scallop risotto that had a perfect sear and prosciutto that was flavorful and well balanced with snap peas. As I dove with delight into the special - duck lasagna bolognese with house made cheese and layered veggies- it was without a doubt the best lasagne I have had in my life.  The best part is it will be added to the regular menu!Both of us too full for dessert- we left well fed and happy and the prices weren't out of line either. Having a nice deal to use helped - but without that I still think the meal was top notch, excellent service and reasonable for a High end Dining experience. Nice valet parking as well. Worth the visit!
3	This is my third time and I've yet to be blown away. I'm a vegetarian, and there aren't a ton of options, so maybe the limited menu is my problem. The cheese plate is nice, with 4 varieties I've never tried before, and all were delicious. The soft creamy cheese and the orange blue cheese were my favorites. Sorry, forgot the names. The bruschetta is interesting, but not typical at all. The bread is good, and it's layered with honey, apple slices and arugula. It all worked, just wasn't what I was expecting. From then on, the meal devolved a bit. Two in our party had the scallops, which they thought were good but overpriced for the portion ($28 for 3 scallops). The sauce under the scallops is delicious, maybe some sort of lemon butter. Also the brussels sprouts served with the scallops made me rethink my aversion to them. There are only 2 vegetarian entrees:  mushroom risotto and pizza. Since I'm not a fan of mushrooms, I've gotten the pizza each time I've been here. I don't ever remember it being as bad as this time though. It's supposed to be thin and crispy. Mine was soggy. Too much cheese (4x too much) and not enough bake time created a soggy mess.  I knew right away it couldn't be great due to the insane amount of cheese piled on, but I asked for it to go back in the oven to try to get the crust a little more done. It came back out looking the same as it did before, although this time it was slightly warmed up. On the plus side, it was removed from my bill without me saying anything, which showed good attention and service. Desserts: I should've taken the waiter's advice. I waivered between the peach cheesecake and the chocolate pastry but ended up getting both. He warned me that the cheesecake wasn't that great and he was right. I couldn't take more than one bite. It was grainy, not sweet, mushy and flavorless. The chocolate pastry, however, was nice. Thick crunchy pastry double wrapped around a small amount of dark chocolate filling, topped with peanut butter gelato. Too much for one person, this dessert is perfect for sharing. All 5 of us had 2 or 3 bites each, which was a perfect ending to the meal.
4	Nice, fancy, feel like you're in some other city, but more fusion than Italian.  Great Patio, great upstairs bar and view of the city.
4	Very nice location and fantastic view of the city. The patio area was a great place to sit out side and enjoy our meal and drinks. It is a bit pricey and I would say pricier than the review systems lead you to believe. However it has very unique options and a few common choices for pickier eaters. Overall a great place. The only negative I would say is the bread. Seemed to be lacking for the type of place this is.
3	We celebrated our first year anniversary of marriage at Vivace, and while the experience was intimate and upscale, the food was just average (albeit creative) and the service wasn't quite where it needed to be for the vibe and presentation. It wasn't necessarily a let down, but we didn't leave blown away.In terms of ambience and style, I loved what Vivace offers. The restaurant isn't exactly Uptown but the view, particularly from the balcony, is stellar and peaceful. The inside is very modern and a bit romantic. We were given a very sexy corner in the loft upstairs that I adored.Our waiter was decent. He knew the menu well and had great suggestions, but he was very relaxed and kind of slow. He seemed full of personality but lacked the polish that I like to see on a nice evening out.The nitty gritty is the food, which counts the most. The chef sent us complimentary seared scallops with a compote of mixed unknown vegetation which was a very nice way to start our meal. Neither of us like scallops anywhere but felt compelled to eat them due to the gesture. For the first time ever, we both enjoyed the scallops. They had an awesome texture and weren't salty/fishy at all. For the main course, I knew exactly what I wanted. The cider braised pork shank with cherries, cabbage, and some kind of mustard dumpling (but not a dumpling... Like small crispier bread bits). The pork was delicious, though a better shank comes to mind. I was disappointed in both cabbage (thick and red) and the dumpling things (soggy, rather flavorless) and had plenty of room after for dessert which never happens. Hubs ordered spaghetti and meatballs (way to step out of the box!) that he thought tasted like every other spaghetti and meatballs. He thought changing the meat mixture would enhance the dish greatly. I took a bit of the noodles and sauce only and thought it was really good and flavorful! For dessert we both shared two unbelievably gargantuan scoops of gelato - one being a vanilla with chocolate swirls and the other a seasonal pumpkin. The vanilla/chocolate gelato was milky and unremarkable, the pumpkin was extraordinary and the best part of our entire meal. The latter is possibly the best gelato I've ever had.Being an Italian restaurant, we were also pleased with the wine menu and enjoyed a recommendation that was special yet didn't go over our budget. This is a nice spot if you're looking for a romantic evening out but are trying to avoid a $50 per head cost.
4	I am visiting a friend, who is new to the city, and we found this place on yelp. We looked at the yelp reviews and saw that there was a pizza with goat cheese. We were sold. Once we got there we were sad to find out they did not have the goat cheese pizza, but did have a pasta with goat cheese sauce instead. It was just okay, we enjoyed the mushroom risotto more. We also liked the mango Bellinis!
3	Everything was good,  but nothing was "wow!"  The chefs relied too much on salt to season the food.  We also waited a long time to have our orders taken and then the food came  at a very uneven pace.  I've eaten tapas many, many times before,  so I'm familiar with the fact that the dishes come out as they are ready,  but one of our dishes came out so long after all the others were finished, I  was certain they had completely forgotten it.  We had it put in a to go box once it was delivered, because by that time we were just ready to go.
1	Insanity is defined as doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different outcome, so my returning to Vivace after more than one failed meal is on me.  As I mentioned in my previous review, Vivace is a running joke amongst my friends and me, as we all agree the food is awful, but the location is convienent, their outdoor patio very inviting, and we like the bottomless mimosas on Sunday afternoons.  When I wrote my last review, I did note that their head chef, who was absent last summer, had returned to the kitchen, so when my friend suggested our brunch group give Vivace another go today, I was game.  It was a beautiful day to sit outside on Vivace's beautiful patio overlooking the downtown greenway-great for people watching.  The menu was exactly the same as last year-even if their food was good- it is not a very inviting or cohesive selection.   I had a pannini with tomato, fresh mozzerilla, and basil pesto, and for my side, the house salad.  The salad was fine- hard to mess up.  The "paninni" was not a paninni-the tomato, mozzerilla and pesto was served on a chabatti roll, and the sandwich was not grilled- which is what a paninni is- a grilled sandwich.  The cheese was semi-melted, so I guess some attempt at heating it was made, but when it arrived at the table it was cold-fail.  I ate part of half, and the side salad- what a waste of money.  And- they have discontinued the bottomless mimosas- so no need to return.  Too bad- such a great space in a great location- I wish someone who knew good food would intervene and make a go of this place
5	One of my favorite restaurants in charlotte. I come here all the time. The view from the patio is peaceful and overlooking charlotte's skyline.  Their food is good . I love their Caesar salad  and don't forget to add salmon!
4	Great vibe. Hip place with great food in midtown. Miss the zucchini tempura - was their best app. Good Italian flare but not over the top with some dishes if you have members of your party looking for something more neutral. The bar is a nice happy hour spot for young professionals. Great patio overlooking the city (and unfortunately a couple of Charlotte's ugliest hotels).
2	Great atmosphere. Just ate lunch. & was not crowded at all. Would have to try at night on a weekend to get a better feel.Ate here a 2nd time in the evening with high expectations, none of which were met. Everyone in our party of 3 would have preferred a nice tasty burger like the one Samuel Jackson ate on Pulp Fiction.  I needed some Sprite to wash it down.
4	Food in general was well prepared and artfully presented.  Bonus for those with diet restrictions, various separate menus for gluten, vegetarian & pescatarian.  On the upside, the kitchen really puts out first rate preparations, but not sure about the balance on all dishes.  Lobster Arancini appetizer was woefully weak on lobster.  The Arancini were beautifully prepared, but would have preferred and the sauce was perfectly balanced, but the tiny crumb of lobster was too small to share across two halves of the Arancini when cut in half to eat.  Scallops had good carmelization on one side and the root veggies were perfectly cooked, however the guanciale was neither observed or tasted.  The Salmon was well prepared and a doneness was offered and executed per request.  Unfortunately, the creamed ?cauliflower? under the salmon was literally cold.  Service was ok.  Downside is that we were at a table that backed up to the entrance and we received a fairly cold draft every time the door opened.  A very simple modification to the front entry would eliminate this discomfort; about 3 tables are directly effected.
4	I love this place! My first experience there was their Easter brunch. Hands down the best frittata and sangria I ever had! My girl friends and I still come there most Sundays for their bottomless mimosas. Yum yum! When the weather starts getting warmer their patio is the perfect spot to eat and enjoy friends!
4	I love Vivace.  Atmosphere is great.  Great to have a beautiful, reliable medium priced winner.  Airy with cool contemporary decor.  The upstairs bar has extended season outdoor seating and great views of the skyline.  Lunch is bargain, everything on the menu is good.  They rotate their risotto seasonally (they do it right) the salmon is always a safe bet.  The short ribs fall off the bone.  The pasta (house made) Bolognese with goat cheese cream is rich and great every time. Love that they offer half portions of pasta as a starter for dinner or as a light bite.
3	Went for restaurant week, it was okay but not the best Italian I've had in the area.App: Duck Confit Arancini the arancini was good but didn't really have much duck flavor. The plum agrodolce accompanying it on the other hand was excellent. Entree: Grilled mahi with melted tomatoes, potatoes and crispy brussels sprouts. The mahi, tomatoes and potatoes were fine but not spectacular. The brussels sprouts were clumsy, under-seasoned and a bit burnt.Desert: Hazelnut panna cotta. The panna cotta was light and very enjoyable the hazelnut was imperceptible. I would go to Fiamma or Moffett's new place Stagioni  instead, given the choice.
4	Nicely prepared food, at reasonable prices, in a warm, welcoming atmosphere.Olive app was perfect (I've had similar that were served too warm and the olives becomes mushy); gnocchi were excellent and bordered outstanding; and veal was very good (I would remove the ravioli base and replace with a seasonal green).Worth the visit and definitely will return to try some other offerings.
2	My husband and I visited this spot recently, but while the view we enjoyed from our seat was great, the food wasn't.  I have definitely had better Italian, even in Charlotte.  I had a mushroom risotto, which was terribly bland.  And my husband's dish was so meh, he doesn't even remember what he ate.  We won't be visiting here again.
4	Vivace is upscale and delicious food, but is not the best Italian around. We were impressed by the overall quality and flavors of the food, but there were a few missteps. The decor is great and the views from the patio and deck are wonderful. A great date spot.
1	Sadly I have to give a poor rating to this restaurant which was in my top 5 for charlotte. This past experience has permanently removed it from the list of places I will spend my money. I am very tolerant of set backs and mistakes but when it happens not by chance it warrants this type of review. My reservation was for 12 people to welcome a friend back to charlotte for an outside cabana this past weekend. On arrival we were told all we have left is this one table, without an umbrella, that seats 5. Promptly we asked to speak  with the manager on this Sunday who unapologetically explained that they changed their policy regarding reserving cabanas. We never received a call explaining this prior to our arrival but were left with option of a table inside or outside which would only accommodate 5. We sat waiting for the rest of the party before making other arrangements despite the fact as we went outside there were not one but 2 tables with reserved signs on them. The rest of the meal went as badly as it started. The waitress I can forgive as she was new and obviously overwhelmed. But it must be noted that food and drink was slow even for a busy Sunday. By time our appetizers arrived, over an hour later, the sun was to high for us to remain outside at the only table without an umbrella, so we made our way inside. Out entrees arrived after being read off and placed in front of what we assumed was the correct person. My eggs were well done but cold. Two others they mistakenly gave the wrong dishes too. This normally wouldn't be a big except the waiter specifically asked who has frittata with shrimp and gave it to the wrong person. After taking a bite and eating shrimp (which upset me as a nurse because that individual could have been highly allergic) we then found out it was another persons meal. Followed by another taking a bite of there food to end up with a bug on her lip! That sealed the deal on this lack luster experience. We promptly asked our waitress who was apologetic to speak to the manager. Unsure whether or not we can use names on this site, lets just say the manager on Sunday is in need of further training on how to provide good customer service. From the moment we explained our "current" issues he immediately started providing excuses. Never once was he apologetic. After the bug dealer breaker which we informed him ended our meal and uneaten food he informs us he will take care of our bill. With that we made our way out to find a restaurant where we could eat.  Half way down the block the same manager ran after us stating "I took care of the food but you still have a drink bill". We informed him we thought he meant out bill in its entirety was taken care of and proceed back towards the restaurant to pay for our drinks. Another member of the party let the manager dispute the poor service what made the experience intolerable was his attitude towards us. He immediately again went on the defensive, provided excuses and concluded with his attitude was a reaction to  being cornered by one of the gentlemen in our party regarding the seating issue when we first arrived. Prior to this moment I would have called this a one off or vivace. After hearing this we realized our poor service and meals were most likely on purpose due to the bias of the manager of the day.  He felt "cornered" .....in the lobby entrance of the restaurant ....as manager who is suppose to field issues and problems??? I hate saying this as I feel very disheartened witnessing this type of behavior but the only reason I can conclude for him feeling this way was because we were minorities. I can pretty much safely make this conclusion based on the passive aggressive nature of this rest of our meal.  As well as recalling an incident that occurred on my birthday dinner a year prior that involved wrong seating as well. That night resulted in a round of prosecco for the table. Same incident two different reactions. One difference....the ethnicity of the patrons. I'm sad to see vivace off of my list of places to visit  and recommend but the unrecognized/unchecked bias by management was too insulting to ignore. Embarrassed by what I presumed to be an upscale establishment to have such low standards for its treatment of its patrons I will not make the mistake of recommending it to any of my friends or colleagues.
4	Try the pork shoulder. It was delicious. I must say I was surprised by this place the food was fresh and flavorful.  I was concerned with the service at first but after we placed our order the service was fine. The manager even came by a few times to clean our table and bring us dessert menus.  I will definitely go back.
4	Good patio with nice views of the greenway. Good cheese and charcuterie choices. Nice cocktails and good wine choices.I had the mussels - YUM and the charcuterie and cheese plate with way too many meats - but it was delish!  If you are avoiding carbs, like me - this is the perfect meal to have at an italian place - just don't use the bread provided with either item and you are good. No pasta, no flatbread, no problem. :)The salads looked good as did the flatbread though - if you are into that. :)Take a walk on the greenway, then stop in here for a bite. It is casual enough to feel comfortable in street clothes and later at night, you could be more dressy here.
2	Had a living social for $40, so I thought we'd check it out for brunch.  We got up sold on a $25 brunch menu that included endless mimosas and bloodies.  Tried to order a 4th drink at the end of the meal and the waiter tried to cut me off.  Really?  Then I couldn't use the living social because it was a "special offer".  Getting cut off from ENDLESS drinks and dropping $70 on lunch put me in a bad mood. Food was ok, but left with a bad taste in my mouth. Meh.
5	Great atmosphere and service. The wine menu is good, but prices  could be intimidating. The food is amazing, recommend coming  here  during restaurant week.
4	Sangria wasn't anything special. The carbonara is interesting. The pasta was homemade and al dente. Peas were crunchy and undercooked but not in a bad way. Four cheese ravioli was amazing. The scallops are very fishy but a nice light plate. Bread comes with hummus instead of butter which is a really great, healthy surprise!
4	Unfortunately, North Carolina has a rule on Sundays where you cannot serve alcohol until noon so I did not get to try out the bloody mary bar :(However, I've been here a few times for brunch and dinner.... Great service, outdoor patio is awesome when it's nice outside. Bruschetta appetizer is a great light start.Brunch: Quiche is MASSIVE but delicious, frittata is just ok, eggs benedict is great!The atmosphere has an upscale and open vibe.... highly recommend trying this place.
2	Toughest veal I ever had,  room was very hot and humid.  Risotto. Itching special
1	The first time I reviewed was 3/2010...the first time we came and  we Were instant fans. ..great food and service...we've come many times since and have celebrated many occasions here...unfortunately our superb experiences have come to an abrupt halt tonight and the chance of us and bringing friends back is a big fat zero.First off, before being seated, I went to use the ladies room and slipped on the greasy floor, tweaking my knee.  I then remembered the same thing happened the last time I was there. Why haven't they figured out why the floor is greasy? Yes, I did bring it to their attention.Our waiter, Stephan, was good..attentive and answered questions. I should have taken heed when he said, the wild boar pasta dish is out of the box and tastes different-  was that code for having no taste? You would think that a pasta dish that had wild boar ragu would taste out of the box and out of this world (which from past experiences is what I expected)...however,  it didn't have much of any flavor. At least some herbs that would bring out an explosion of flavor, but there were none. The big bomb came with the husband's veal saltimboco. The veal came out and there were two at the table who ordered. Within a few tries at cutting the veal, hubby and guest said this is wrong and way too tough. (now I see this was mentioned in another review) Stephan came over and got the manager, Jason. Hubby said do you know what the cut of veal is in here? No, I don't.  (Wrong answer..remember Hubby grew up in the meat department and knows his cuts of meat) Jason said he would check with the chef. So, they asked what other meal would you like,  which is always a problem  when everyone else has their meal already. The replacement meals were ordered and eventually delivered, after everyone else at the table was done and their plates cleared. Jason,the manager, never came back.  In,the meantime, another manager came to ask how the meal was and we explained that the meals had been sent back. he said he was,sorry and then left. None of the managers ever came back to say what the veal cut was or to follow up and see how the rest of the meal was. As we were leaving, hubby, who was very disappointed,spoke to Jason and inquired why didn't he follow up and why he didn't offer any compensation for the extended wait. Jason's reply was that management says we don't do that, we just replace the meal (and let everyone watch each other eat their meals). Obviously, the managers have no authority to make a decision and who knows where management is.Totally unresponsive and uncaring..not good customer service. There are way too many choices in Charlotte to act as if you are the only game in town.I've put a lot of thought in to this review. .it's my birthday night and it was my choice to go to Vivace and now I've spent an hour writing this review when I should be enjoying my night,but I just don't want anyone else to be disappointed. I should say the replacement pork chop was very good, but the lack of attention by management was the reason for the 1 star.
3	This cavernous restaurant just outside of downtown Charlotte is a pleasant and good place to have a meal with those whom you enjoy spending time.Arrival:  I'm not sure if they still have valet parking, but it seemed like they didn't really need to have it - or have the guys parking the cars in white jackets (this place just isn't that elegant or regal).  Host staff was friendly and had our reservation information detailed accurately.  Plus.  Service:  Mixed.  I suppose this is the south and everyone is pleasant, but they do win points for being kind.  However, our server had limited wine knowledge and really couldn't offer suggestions or insight to those of us who were dining.Food:  Good!  Not great, but solidly good.  The calamari fritti was a hit, and the caprese salad was acceptable.  The brick oven chicken was a big hit with our table, too, and the ribeye got a nod of approval.Departure:  On a not-very-busy night during the week, it took a long time for the valet to retrieve our car (or they were short-staffed?).  Minor (and not really the restaurant's fault, technically), but worth noting.
5	Me and my boyfriend came here for a special event on a Sunday afternoon. Quite surprised we were one couple of maybe 2 or 3 other groups in the restaurant. We chose to sit outside(for the view OF COURSE!) it was such a beautiful sight to see. Our server was Joseph, he stated he was new but he was terrific! I ordered the Pappardelle and it was delicious!  The place is a little pricy but well worth it if you want some good food. I can't wait to go back!
1	I heard fantastic things about Vivace Charlotte and was excited to try to new brunch menu. 2 friends and I made a reservation, (it was CIAA weekend and we thought it would be very busy so we planned ahead.)Once seated, it took a few min for someone to great us, which is pretty normal considering the amount of people that were arriving for brunch. Finally our server came over, introduced the menu and introduced the new $25.00 brunch menu. She advised that the bottomless drinks are ONLY available if we take the 25.00 option and if not we would pay full price for each drink. None of us were that hungry to have 2 full dishes but thought, "hey we can enjoy 25.00 worth of mimosa's" I ordered a mimosa with grapefruit and was told it was an up-charge for each one to add grapefruit. I advised that I medically can't have OJ and asked that they simply replace it, and was told no. I asked for just champagne and was told, "No, everything is pre-made" So I opted for the bloody mary bar, which I enjoyed very much!!  It was a good choice. For more on the drinks, not sure if it was because the volume of people or a restaurant rule, but we waited about 15-20 min to order a second drink, we even had to ask a different server since ours seemed to be to concerned with her 2 tables of 6+ people. Even after ordering we had to wait another 10 min to get the drink so we ate our food - (which was average) without beverages (including water). After another 20 min we tried to order a third drink, and were ignored. Finally our waitress came over and we asked for the third drink, she apologized and said it was on the way, 10 min later still no drinks. We finally flagged her down, asked about the drinks and she looked confused and said, "no-one brought them?"  At that point (1 hour 30min into brunch) we just asked for the checks. Needless to say we were bummed that we didn't get the enjoy the"bottomless" alcohol as advertised. (not that we drink that much but it was a bit upsetting)Once the bill came, we started to pay and my friend pointed out that the brunch was not $25.00 as stated on the menu and by our server, it was actually 27.52 plus tax, which made the bill $29.79. At that point, my table of friends became very annoyed. We paid our bills and waited to speak with the manager on duty about the $2.52 difference in the check. Granted, it's only $2.52 but if everyone in the restaurant that day had the $25.00 advertised brunch but were really charged, $27.52 that s HUGE increase towards profit. We spoke to the manager about the price difference and he said he was sorry that this was a new process and the computer systems were not updated yet, they have been only doing this for 2 weeks, so basically overcharging customers for 2 weeks. Again $2.52 isn't a huge deal for 1 person but say you have 400 patrons over 2 weeks at $2.52 that's $1008.00 extra in overcharges. The manager again apologized and offered to credit us the $2.52. We were already out the door and said never mind, but we just wanted to bring it to his attention. Other people may not be as nice about it.The owner Kevin Jennings emailed me about participating in a program with Vivace and asked me for my candid feedback. To which I sent the above in a email and I never heard back from him or anyone in their corporate office.
5	Vivace is one of my favorite places in Charlotte to kick back and relax.  Happy hour offers wonderful appetizer specials for $5.  I have always had good service here.  Although it has a slightly upscale feel, I am comfortable whether I am coming straight from work or with blue jeans.  Highly recommend for dinner or drinks and apps.
1	Was excited to try Vivace having read reviews. I had high hopes for this self proclaimed hip Italian.  However, we were greatly disappointed with our entire experience.  From the start our waiter was extremely rude and checked out.  The tuna crudo with melon was tough and tasteless. The veal was also tough, over seasoned, and basically inedible.  The grouper was swimming in burnt brown butter and the fried gnocchi resembled fried pasta paste and tasted flavorless. This was time ever that we asked for the bill and left the restaurant during the entree course! It was that bad! Vivace is hyped as a trendy, hip Italian but is truly lacking in everything including style.
3	Kinda a fail ... Very limited menu ... We went looking for a place open on a Sunday that would have some good sauce ... They only really had spaghetti and meatballs,  bolognese and ravioli. So if your looking for lasagna, forget it they don't even make it. Nice atmosphere, beautiful decor, great waiter
4	I dined here for a girlfriend's birthday, and it was a pleasant experience. They bring out some bread after you're seated, but I've had better at Macaroni Grill and Maggiano's (at least their breads aren't cold). I ordered a glass of chardonnay and a half a plate of their black linguini, and I will say the sauce was AMAZING. Wish I had some bread leftover to soak it all up! I just wish the portion size was a tad bit bigger, especially at $12.Ambience-wise, very chic, modern and romantic! Recommend this place for a nice candle-lit dinner. They have a porch with comfortable couches on the second floor with an amazing view of the Charlotte skyline! This place made me wish I had a significant other just so I could get the full experience! haha
4	It was our first visit to Vivace. We sat outside on the wonderful patio. Great views of the Greenway and Uptown skyline. Our meal was very good! Delicious calamari (huge portion, enough to take home) and a good caprese salad. We both had pasta for our mains that were also good. Overall the atmosphere was more remarkable than the meal, but we will go again for sure.
5	I love this place!! Why 5 starts?Maybe we ordered the right thing... But one thing for sure was the service!!!! We had the best waitress ever, even I forgot her name! Good service makes more enjoyable.Then the restaurant itself , very romantic inside, perfect for dating or even for meetings. Nice designed, very open. Lastly- the amazing food that we ordered: Steam fresh mussel, just so freaking amazing and fresh!!! Wow wondering if I can make it at home, light sauce but so clean, and brings out the taste of the mussels!!! Great appetizer!! House sausage pizza, fresh bake on too of a piece of wood, the sausage just so delicious, so moist as well, the pizza it self was thin and crispy, love it!!!!!!!!!! Last and the best -- the scallop, OMG, they were not only BIG, but fresh and soft , perfectly COOKED!!!!!!! Even the sides of the scallop... Yummy, so unforgettable!!! Wish this place is right next to where I live so that I can order this every time!!!! Super fresh sea food!!!! Must try!!!!
2	I have been here twice and the food is not good. The pizza tastes like a frozen pizza and their spaghetti and meatballs tastes like a throwback to spaghettios. We were served room temperature coffee at the end of the meal which capped it off. I won't be going back anytime soon.
3	First time here....Definite HITS and MISSES.The misses - I ordered the Veal Saltimbocca. Well the VEAL was a clear MISS! Not pounded out flat but served relatively thick. Since VEAL is the star of the dish, it failed.The hits - The fresh ravioli that accompanied my Veal Saltimbocca was OUTSTANDING! Tasted freshly made, and the MUSHROOM sauce was TO DIE FOR!The Dessert - Tasty. The Tiramisu was good, but not in the upper tier I've had here in Charlotte. Very good quality but it still lacked that "je nes se quoi."Service was good and my company was outstanding! I'd like to come back to try other things......so keep the book open on Vivace!
5	I don't know why but Italian restaurants have never been on my go-to list when it comes to dining out. I think it was the result of dining at too many Italian restaurants that hardly impressed - heck, I could cook Italian better than that.BUT I'm a big fan of Vivace. It's Italian cuisine on a whole different level: refined and delicious! I've been to Vivace a couple of times before and I liked it - but we're rarely near Midtown so we hardly make it in. Big mistake. We need to make into Vivace on a regular basis!We arrived on Friday evening after work and were seated in a booth with a great view of their open kitchen. I love seeing all the action in the kitchen. The chef was nice enough to send out an amuse bouche of a perfectly seared scallop with olive oil.  It was a perfect bite. After looking over the menu - everything sounded so awesome - my husband and I decided to start with the fried calamari. It was crispy and tender at the same time.  Perfect calamari.For my dinner, I ordered the primi of the pappardelle bolongnese with goat cheese crema and a big bowl of mussels!  My husband ordered the larger size of the risotto with crab and corn. When my pappardelle came out, our server brought out another dish of their special homemade pasta with squash, squash blossoms, and sea urchin butter for my husband because the chef didn't want him to be without a plate. Super classy chef! Now, when I heard sea urchin, I perked up, my hubby, on the other hand, looked terrified. But he ate all of it and is no longer a sea urchin virgin!  I also cleaned my plate of pappardelle :)At this point we were getting full and wondered how we were going to get through our entrees. But when our entrees arrived, feelings of fullness were pushed aside and we dug in.  My mussels were perfect (I know, I say perfect a lot) but they were. A savory broth with the sweet tender, mussel meat. My hubby's risotto was perfect (again!) - I snagged a bite and declared that I was going to order the risotto next time. You're probably thinking we passed on dessert but when we heard that they were rolling out their new dessert menu we had to try something! Something turned out to be 4 desserts: Cinnamon sugar focaccia with honey, marscarpone cheesecake with a homemade graham cracker crust, chocolate bomba with ice cream and a cherry inside, and espresso ice cream with cherries. OMG - I loved every one of these desserts. The focaccia was light and airy, the cheesecake had a wonderful texture, the bomba was decadent, and the ice cream was was rich and creamy.Needless to say, we were stuffed. Our server was great, she was super attentive and very knowledgeable of the menu. The restaurant is beautiful and I love the modern decor. Vivace changed my thinking when it came to restaurants serving Italian cuisine. They've done it so right that they have ruined me for any other Italian restaurant. We'll definitely be back.
5	Went here on a date night with my girlfriend. Their bruschetta might ACTUALLY be the best in the city. We also split the pan fried truffle gnocchi salad and it was so delicious and fresh.We had their bolognese and homemade linguini noodles. The house made pastas are incredible. They fall apart in your mouth. The sauce was perfect, not too heavy for a bolognese which we liked a lot.Very attentive wait staff and the atmosphere in the dining area is perfect for a date. Overall a GREAT trip and we will be going back again soon!
4	Was looking for a unique place with a patio for lunch. Happy to have found Vivace. Professional service, beautiful restaurant and patio, and excellent food.
4	Went there with my wife on a Friday night.  We had made the reservations in advance, since we had heard that it gets busy over Fridays.  We reached around 8 and the place was filling up, so we were lucky to select the table of our liking.  Ambience and the decor is quite good, gets little noisy.  We opted to seat indoors, since it was humid outside. They took some time to take our order, but were patient enough to answer our queries about vegetarian options. What we had:Bruschetta - AverageFour cheese ravioli - GoodFried Gnocchi on side - Above averageWine - Don't remember the name, but they have quite a lot nice collection hereOverall it was a nice experience and would visit again...
2	Beautiful restaurant with outside seating and complimentary valet. However the food was not up to par. We started with the bread it came with a dip that was tasteless n the waitress did not tell us what it was.The bruschetta was way to sweet.For dinner the risotto with scallops. The scallops were extremely salty.Even the tiramisu was not the norm, it had a gelatin like layer, layered throughout the cake.
3	Went for a friend's birthday dinner on a Thursday night. There were others in the restaurant, but it wasn't packed. The food was okay, but our group wasn't wowed. We were seated upstairs and had some delayed service as our server seemed to also be working the bar. I'll give it another shot to try other dishes. I really liked the decor, just expected more from the rest of the experience.
4	Well I know a lot of people have been saying ooh I wonder if Vivace is still as good now that the head chef has left to make his own artisanal cheeses?  Answer, YES! For me, in some ways it is even better because it still holds true to the bold use of the real flavors of Italy, maintaining a focus on fresh local ingredients. You will never fin anything from a can here and you will find flavors from the north as well as the coast. True Italian specialties like gelato, pignolia tarts, dark cherry, black ink pasta, and now a beautiful salmon chop. That's a nice addition and for someone like me watching their cholesterol it was so nice to see a simple  capelinni with heirloom tomatoes and beautiful basil, with just a hint of chili. Thank you new head chef. Everything was always meet and cheese centric and I always felt weird asking for a vegan option and explaining about my health issues. I always loved the restaurant and now I can come more often.
3	The Veal entree was a huge disappointment ! Had it in June and it was delicious Last evening , Sept 26th, the Veal was VERY chewy! Making the dish not $22 worthy! The caprese salad was made with roasted , dried tomatoes that was very unusual and not in a good way. No, I did not send it back not wanting to disrupt my dining companions and a pleasant evening On a positive side, the wait staff was fabulous and yes the dining room is lovely
4	Went here because my friend had a coupon. The food was pretty good and the atmosphere was much nicer than I anticipated. It's got 2 floors and an open layout near the heart of Uptown Charlotte. My friend and I shared two dishes: Corzetti and Pappardelle. Both were very delicious, but not worth the price had we not had a coupon. I also ordered a glass of sangria which, unfortunately, has been the most disappointing kind I've had in my life (albeit, I've been to Spain a couple times). I won't be coming back for the sangria, but I will for the food!
4	Made a reservation here for two people and was seated 45 minutes after my reservation. They looked like they were behind or scheduled reservations too close together. The food was good, not great but good. The restaurant did have a nice atmosphere and my waiter was courteous.
4	Really love this place. The house made cocktails are amazing. The mojito or strawberry mojito are just impossible to resist ordering, love 'em.Have come for lunch with my family several times. Last time I wasn't that hungry, so I got the mussels appetizer & some bread thinking I would have a small lunch. They came and they totally blew me away, and solved my un-hunger problem in like 2 seconds. HUGE bowl of mussels in this crazy good garlic-chili sauce. I couldn't get enough of it, everyone who was there with me demanded some mussels and we tore through the bread on the table sopping up that sauce. Every time I go, there is a dish like this on the table. Just a win all around. Also, very nice intimate atmosphere, had a lovely date here with great service last month. We sat there well into the evening and didn't even notice how late it was... the staff was very courteous all through the night.
2	Wow.  I went after reading the reviews on here and... not the Vivace I read about.  I'll start with what was good: I really dig the ambiance- dim lighting, cool music wafting in, very comfortable seating with leather and velvet.  Hip, modern, warm, intimate.  Even the bathrooms were swanky!  Perfect for a date, but it was Wednesday, so my boyfriend and I were surrounded by businessmen talking business :)And what was bad: the food.  Somehow we managed to order 3 plates of mushroom- with a few bites of pasta and meat.  I thought the bruschetta would have some tomato, but no, only mushroom, sour mushroom.  The gnocchi tasted good but was extremely mushy and somehow the flavors of the other things on the plate were fighting each other, tasted funny.  The ravioli was "good" and the veal was bizarre!  I stared at the pale thing on my plate thinking, this can't be veal.  I took a bite and thought... this can't be veal.  I asked the waiter what it was.  He said it was veal.  The meat of the animal, or some organ??  No, the meat.  Ok...  It was such a strange color... very tough... nearly flavorless.  The service was... awkward.  I can tell they were really trying, circling the tables and twiddling their thumbs all evening, but they were off.  Two waiters told us the specials for the night after we read the whole menu and were ready to order.  Sorry guys.  After the meal, we decided against dessert.  High price, small plates, weird food.
4	Great food, great view, great service.
4	Best gnocchi and mushrooms I have EVER had. In my opinion:Service was average. Pizza, which I do not eat often, was not my favorite. Will be back for ambiance and food. Just need to know what to order.
4	Modern Italian and DELISH!  Great spot to meet up with friends for drinks and dinner.  I had my birthday dinner there and the service was great.  The four cheese ravioli is outstanding, you can add chicken or shrimp to it.  The Beef Arugula & Parmesan App was a greater starter along with the bread.
