4	An upscale, 'Gourmet Mexican' restaurant with a very comfortable atmosphere - dressy but not 'snooty'. For the Tequila drinker, they have a very well stocked bar with many premium Tequilas. We found service to be very personable, our server was very friendly taking the time to make sure we understood the menu items and made good conversation while making some  of their 'top shelf' guacamole table side. Gourmet Mexican is a good description, if your looking for an overstuffed burrito soaking in a bowl of melted cheese and refried beans, go somewhere else. Our dishes were very flavorful and nicely presented. My wife enjoyed her Carnitas so much she never bothered with the accompanying tortillas.  Prices were reasonable for this level of cuisine. Having moved down South several years ago, our favorite Mexican restaurant, Rancho Tia Rosas, in Mesa is a bit of a drive now, so we were glad to find Cantina Loredo so close to home. Will it replace Tia Rosas as our favorite, no, but it is a worthy alternative close by.
4	I've been twice. First time I had very SLOW service, but the chips and salsa were so delicious I didn't  care.They serve two kinds of salsa with their chips both are fresh and fire roasted, one is your basic (red) salsa but Oh So Good, the other is a really unique ,tomatillo blend I think, and it is served warm...WOW. Both are spicy enough without being too hot. I'd go there just to eat the chips and salsa!!I also tried their table side Guacamole which I confess , I ate the whole bowl myself, it is SO GOOD!!!I haven't ventured the menu too much because I was full from chips and guac, but I Loved the chicken enchilada, generously stuffed with juicy white chicken and covered in a scrumptious sour cream sauce.Tasty beans and rice too.I'm only giving 4 stars because I thought their tortilla soup was gross.I'm a huge soup fan, I Love it and eat it all year round, but theirs just wasn't  good.I need to make a visit soon, I must have their chips and salsa!!
4	As Sarah pointed out , the chips and salsa are worth coming here. The food itself is good , not amazing but good - I tried one of their combination platters. The staff here are friendly and the service is really good. They have a great bar though and a nice variety of Margaritas. I would say the bar is the best part of this restaurant.They have a nice happy hour with $5 margaritas.
3	Cantina Laredo was fine, but I wouldn't bother driving all the way out there again unless it's because I'm already in the area for something else.The restaurant's decor is really nice, and it's obvious they're going for an "upscale Mexican" theme - kind of like "Maria Maria" in Tempe. Unfortunately,  both restaurants have overpriced entrees. I'm perfectly fine paying $12 for enchiladas - but for god's sake, put something *worth 12 bucks* in them! I can make frozen spinach and mushrooms enchiladas at home, you know? It's not that the food was bad, it just wasn't as creative as I had hoped it would be. Also, the guacamole that they make table side had enormous chunks of jalepeno in it, which was odd. Generally, I would think the pieces would be smaller and, therefore, more palatable. I've had guacamole plenty of times in Mexico and they've never put enormous hunks of jalepenos in it!My friend and I both enjoy spicy food, but were choking on them the whole way through the guac and ended up having to pick them all out.On a positive note, we both really liked the mango margaritas and the two salsas they give you at the start of your dinner.Overall, if you're in the area, I'd suggest coming here. But don't expect anything earth shattering, simply expect a flavorful, relaxed meal.
3	This was an ok mexican restaurant. This place is more trendy than substance. The waitress got our drink order wrong and then suggested a spicy dish for me, that wasn't all that spicy.  This place is ok, but not great. There are better mexican restaurants in the Valley.
3	It's in the mall people! A nice corporate chain restaurant that aims to offend no one.  Taken on that level, it's not bad.  Prices are fairly high and the food is fairly bland.  It's a place to stop in while getting some shopping done with the sweetie, not a place to take her to.
2	Meh. Well...worse than meh.Here's the thing. The food isn't very good and the prices are insanely high. Actually, the food was almost bad and the prices were out of control, BUT the service was pretty good and the chips and salsa were amazing, so there are your 3 stars. When you first walk in you will notice bowls of avocados sitting on your table. "OMG! I bet they make table side guacamole!" I exclaimed.Well they sure do. For $10. Fuck that. $10 is too much for a tiny mini bowl of 2 avocados mixed with chili seasoning and onions. Unless I'm drunk or really hungry, which means I will buy anything. But I wasn't, so I didn't. No table side gauc for me.Next, the main course. Everything on the menu is beef, pork, chicken or beef, pork, chicken and cream. What if you aren't a huge fatty and CARE about your health? What if you want fresh fish or veggies or if you want your beef/chicken/pork without cream. I guess I shouldn't have eaten that second bowl of tortilla chips, huh? Now I am on a fat rant.So I order enchiladas - but for the love of god HOLD THE CREAM. The enchiladas were disappointing. I'd give them a C+ or maaaaaaybe a B- because they came on a bed of spinach. (interesting). Maybe the cream would have saved them but I don't think it is necessary to add cream to make a good enchilada, and neither do most Mexican restaurants with much better  ones. The enchiladas were at most bland and blah and not worth $14. I don't mind paying a lot for good Mexican Food, but this wasn't very good. I was eating with fellow yelper Scott S. He had the chili relleno. He said is was below average.By the way, their cheese enchiladas had CHUNKS of beef in the enchilada sauce. Mind you, these are a separate menu items from the beef enchiladas. So your choices are:Enchiladas with beefEnchiladas with cheese and secret beef, of which you become aware of after you bite inEnchiladas with cheese, secret beef and creamBlech. Die.At least the iced tea was flowing and the chips and salsa were seiously kick ass.Hmm... if I wasn't in a generous mood I might be tempted to take away another star. But I won't. Just like I probably won't be back.
2	So I have been lured back several times......It's such a scam they suck you in with the fancy menu and these Fab chips and salsa, trust me after eating those you'd expect to the food to be pretty damn good, but NO ,to Quote Jenn H.  it is  "Blech. Die."If and when I come back I'll stick to the chips and salsa, I also would usually order the table side gauc , but have found that they put such large chunks of onion and jalapeno it really takes away from it.......take your time chef and finely chop that shit!!I'll give 5 stars for the chips and salsaand 1.5 for the food, but you can't have both!
3	The food: - Chips and salsa were excellent.  More than excellent.- The ceviche was pretty good.- The catch of the day (why the hell do I keep ordering the catch of the day in Arizona???  It's a habit from SF and Seattle, I know, but I must not forget that I am in Arizona and the catch of the day is at best, several days old.) was ok.  The preparation (jalapenos, white wine, and butter) sounded enticing, but the sea bass just wasn't fresh enough and it showed.- The tortilla soup was terrible.- The fajitas were good, but not $20 good.The prices:I don't mind paying for good food.  I do mind paying for mediocre food.  This is mediocre food (aside from the chips!).  Will I be returning?  Unfortunately, yes.  I don't have many Mexican options in the corn fields next to my home and the next closest place, Serrano's is truly terrible.
2	Cantina Laredo I was sooo expecting more! Now looking through most of your reviews I see I am not the only one. The place looks nice from the outside and yout expect it  might be good. It is not. It was not even ok in my opinion. Very bland. The chips and salsa were good but that was only thing. My husband ordered a sampler platter they had. Everything was so plain and tasteless and dry. I am a season everything well kind of girl. I ordered the Sea bass. It was ok, but definitely not worth $24 I think the plate was. The steamed veggies that came with were frozen cooked to mush with a lemon slice on top. Pricey and food not very good a combination that never take me back. I don't mind paying for something...but give me quality worth the price. I left mad thinking of all the things I could have spent that $67 on
2	I'll give a thumbs up for their mango margherita, but that's it. From the moment we arrived (a party of 4) there were issues as the hostess tried to figure out where she could seat us among the many open tables, several of which were apparently reserved. But the clodk was ticking till happy hour would end, so we just wanted a seat. The table service was very slow, and the food was not good. The description of their chile relleno (stuffed with raisins and other goodies) sounded mouth watering, but when it arrived it was mainly breading covering a small chile, stuffed only with plain cheese. For that price???   If all you want is a drink, sure, go here. I won't be back.
5	On the list of types of food I like, Mexican is absolutely last. I almost hate it. But after I went to Cantina Laredo, it changed my mind.  The fajitas are the best I have ever tasted. The chips and salsa are awesome.  We didnt get the guacamole, $10 for a dip is a little pricey but whatev. For those who order seafood at a mexican resturant in AZ, you must be out of your minds :) Save yourself and money and just stick to beef, chicken and pork and save your ordering seafood for your vacation to the coast.
4	How did he know? I guess we looked liked tired shoppers who needed a few margaritas, and they were damn good margaritas at that. The bartender was attentive, and so was the wait staff (chips and salsa as soon as we hit the seats). We had a couple margs and shared the brisket tacos, which were pretty deelish. The salsas are also nice. Only four stars cause, the decor is lacking any interest and it's a corporate franchise, it's hard for me to give five stars to a place that's a little too expensive and lacks soul.
2	Cantina Laredo at The San Tan MallWe were taking our daughter to see a movie at the San Tan and never have dined at Cantina Laredo, so we decided to give it a try. We were thoroughly impressed with the general facility and the attention to detail that it contains; eclectic with Spanish overtones. The place was immaculate. The food was fantastic! I had the Cantina Laredo Platter: Cheese chile relleno, tamale, chicken enchilada, fajita beef taco al carbon. I thoroughly enjoyed this plate. The relleno was super gooey cheesy and the beef in the taco was exceptional and reminded me of something my mother-in-law would make when we travel to New Mexico.  The glaring problem with this restaurant is the service. It was absolutely terrible. When we sat down it was nearly 15 minutes before we were greeted. The server never mentioned any specials and was not knowledgeable about the menu. We ordered a Queso dip for the table which was good but not exceptional; however, I was extremely irritated when I overheard the server at the next table offer tableside Guacamole to his guests. HELLO! WTF! I love guacamole.Then I sat irritated in my chair as I watched the neighbor's guacamole being prepared fresh tableside....eeeerrrrrr. In addition, our Queso dip came out late and our dinners early as the courses were annoyingly overlapped. Why even bother ordering an appetizer if you don't get a chance to eat it. My wife has a sweet tooth and always looks forward to dessert. Not here though as we got the automatic check drop without being asked for coffee or dessert. My wife and daughter went shopping before the movie so I moved to the bar to test the house margaritas. I never got to because I sat at the bar by myself for exactly 18 minutes without ever being greeted let alone served. So I got up and left and went to Kona Grill for a drink instead. By the way, a Gaggle of hostesses all up front and not one mentioned to say goodbye. Wow! Great place, Great food and then this place really shoots itself in the foot with its absolutely lousy service.
2	I can sum up this review with this:An alcohol-free lunch for two at a Mexican restaurant that costs $45 better have me saying, "Holy crap that was good, I can't wait to go back!"Not so at Cantina Laredo.They tout "gourmet Mexican food".  And while some of the entree's looked interesting, and I suppose "gourmetish", I was basically unimpressed.The table-side prepared guacamole was very good, though $10 seems a bit pricey. It was nice and chunky, just how I like it (though the onions were TOO chunky for my taste. Unlike a previous reviewer noted, the jalapenos were diced to the perfect size).Chips were excellent, and the salsas were quite tasty, but had absolutely no fire.I ordered the Enchiladas de Mole, which were just OK. Not bad, not great. The "Sweet, spicy blend of dried Mexican peppers" made me think there would be some spice/fire to this dish, but again there was none. Flavorful, yes. Spicy, not-so-much. And there was something odd about the taste that we couldn't quite place. One of those dishes that I couldn't quite decide if I liked or not. It was almost as if the cook did something for the sole purpose of making it "gourmet".My lovely bride ordered a combo plate that was anything but "gourmet". It was standard Mexican fare. Again, OK but not great by any stretch of the imagination (and available for half the price at any mom & pop type place on the planet).The guy behind me ordered fajitas that smelled delightful. Then again, you can throw a hunk of any form of beef on a sizzling skillet and it'll smell delightful to me. Service was very good. We were seated swiftly (the place was basically empty at noon, which doesn't bode well for their future) and the food came quickly. Our soda / tea / chips were never empty. Very attentive service, though not particularly friendly. Clearly not rude, just sort of "there".This place looks like it might be fun to hang out and have drinks. A large (and apparently well stocked) bar is front and center. With margaritas pushing $12 a pop though, be sure to check your credit limit before leaving home.In short, you can slap "gourmet" on the facade and on the menu. You can charge "gourmet" prices. But if you don't serve gourmet food, you wind up with a two star restaurant that I can't recommend....
4	This place has some great gourmet style Mexican food and the margaritas are great.  We sat in the bar and our bartender was our server and he was great.  That guy reminded me of Tom Cruise by appearance so I am sure the ladies would love him too.  The only thing I can say bad about the place is you do have to pay a high price to eat here but if you don't mind that, it is worth it.
3	Have been here twice and wil go back for a select item or two.  The guacamole, made tableside, is good but frankly we can make it better and cheaper at home.  The ceviche is actually pretty good and worth the visit.  It's tough to find ceviche around here period but this is actually pretty good and a decent portion.  The happy hour tacos are reasonable and not bad.  The margaritas are too sweet because of the sour and fruit juices they add.  They are trying to make something that is supposed to be simple too complicated.  Look at my review on Barrio Cafe as that will explain.  The first time we were dissappointed with the margs ans then next time we asked for them to be made traditionally and they were much better.  The entrees we had the first time we went were average, not great but not bad either.  Be selective but it's a decent place, especially for an app and maybe a drink.
1	Food not good, water was taken from the toilet i think, and service was only so so.  Just another fancy name, with fancy atmosphere, but they forgot to serve food that is edible.  And though you can order a variety of drinks, sometimes washing food down with a glass of water is nice. any restaurant that can't invest in a simple RO system for drinking water or to make their drinks with, shouldn't be charging $12 for an appetizer.  Small price to pay for a comfort that goes a long way.
4	I read the previous reviews and seriously, what did y'all order?? I have been to Laredo over 6 times in 3 months and have had a very delicious, fresh and hot meal each time. My mom and I have eaten lunch and dinner there during on- and off-peak hours and have consistently good food. She is a very excellent cook herself and would tell the waiter if something was not to her liking. The salsa was perfect each time, with just the right amount of heat and spice, not overwhelmingly tomato-y or salty. In fact, I told the chef (who was leaving for the day) that I came from SF to have his salsa and he prepared a pound of FRESH chips and a pint of my favorite salsa to go, with a thank you note (he did this in less than 5 minutes). I've never had such consistently delicious food, great service, and wonderful dining moments in the area than at Laredo.
3	I've been to this restaurant three times now. I instantly fell in love the first time because it's hard to find a more modern, upscale style of Mexican restaurant anywhere these days. The first time I ordered these amazing shrimp enchiladas. They were flavorful and covered in this light creamy poblano sauce. YUM! The second and third times, the food has just faltered. The chicken mole enchiladas were not that great. The sauce was delicious but unfortunately inside was just plain, dry shredded chicken. It wouldn't been nice for the chicken to have some flavor and not just rely on the mole sauce just on top of the enchiladas. Another miss were the spinach enchiladas. I think it had the same creamy sauce as the shrimp enchiladas and that was tasty. But again, the spinach filling was completely unseasoned. It was basically just spinach that tasted as if they thawed some frozen spinach and through it in the enchilada - not even any salt! Due to the lack of seasoning, it actually had that overcooked muddy taste that spinach can develop when treated improperly. I really want to be a fan because their menu and dining room are great, but maybe I'm just hoping it will be something it's not. Sorta like a bad relationship. =)
4	I was looking to take my Mom to a nice Mexican restaurant while she was visiting Phoenix; more specifically the Queen Creek/Gilbert metroplex. She is from nowhere-Kentucky and gets Mexican dining in small buildings where the taco/enchilada combo plate is the house specialty. We were planning on seeing a movie afterwards, so I ventured to San Tan Village and visited Cantina Laredo. The restaurant had a nice decor and atmosphere. The seating was nice (but I think they found the smallest table for us). The waiter I think was also the bartender, but it was slow at noon on Sunday, so he waited tabled. I think his name was Stuart. Very nice guy. The chips and salsa arrived and I dug in. Three bowls of salsa - two red and typical salsa (very good) and one warm that didn't really blow my skirt up. I passed on that and ordered the table-made guacamole. It is just under $10 for the guacamole, but it was very good and well worth it. Stuart used three full avocados in making the dip. I ordered the Puerto Vallarta, which was a combination platter with two enchiladas and a rolled up soft taco. The meal was very good and very filling - but I didn't stop there...thanks to my mobile app for Yelp I detected the review indicating if I passed on the sizzling brownie I was selling myself short - so I went for it. It did not disappoint! Stuart brought out the brownie, the butter cream and ice cream separately and prepared the dish. The plate was hot cast iron, the brownie went on, mushed in a spot for the vanilla ice cream and put the sauce on the plate. It started to sizzle and smelled almost of butterscotch. He spooned it on top of the ice cream. My mom said "this is the best dessert I have ever had!"The good quality was good (the sauce on the chicken enchiada was excellent) and the service was awesome. Stuart kept the drinks filled and prepared the guacamole and brownie well at the table. Very nice guy too. It was a bit pricey - 3 lunches, the guacamole and dessert for $63 ($75 after tip), but it was very good. I will be back - if nothing else, for the guac and brownie!
4	I was pleasantly surprised while out at San Tan to find this place for a icy margarita and early dinner whilst the sun goes down.. Nice patio.. Perfect Patron Margs.. and a really cool prix fixe menu.. Which isnt the usual sample sizes you end up with at times with those chosen courses. AND its only about $16 for a 3 course dinner... My one thing I couldnt tolerate was the taquitos... greasy beyond belief down to the dry chicken centered within the greasy 'shell'.. Attentive waitstaff.. good food.. Bueno for the Cantina..
5	I had a wonderful lunch there today. They had a 3 course meal special going on so I took advantage of it and loved every bite. I started off with a chicken taquito appetiser, had a wonderful steak and enchilada entree and ended with a delicious dessert with strawberries, ice cream and cinnamon chips. The server was great and very attentive. We never wanted for a drink refill or more chips. I will go back to Cantina Laredo soon.
5	I honestly don't know how anyone (who ate what I ate at least) could give this place anything BUT 5 stars.  I am giving it 5 stars even though I did not like the salty chips or salsa - that's how good the main course was .... I had the special "3 course meal" thing they had ... started off with some nacho things that were AMAZING ... SO GOOD - pork ones by far were my favorite - then onto the main course which was a steak and enchilada - the meat was so flavorful on this it was crazy, and it was ended with flan for dessert ... very tasty.  I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu.  This is probably  my new favorite spot for Mexican food in the east valley from now on.  GO TRY IT
4	Wow. The dessert was unbelievable. I will try to do a complete review and not only focus on the dessert, but seriously, that's all I can think about. We went here for dinner last night. Although the service was friendly, it was quite slow. Slow to get our drinks, and slow to get the table-side guac. Once we did get them however, everything was awesome. Hubby ordered the strawberry mojito which he literally downed in about 3.5 seconds flat. He loved it. I had a dirty martini, and although the waiter forgot the olives, the martini itself was pretty darn good. The table side guac was tasty and plentiful - easily enough for a group of 4. With just the 2 of us, we left a lot of it uneaten. I ordered a "new" menu item, the portabella and goat cheese enchiladas, and the husband ordered the carne asada and camarones. We both LOVED our dishes. Although I was disappointed in the fact that I got a mango salad on the side instead of the rice which is what the waiter said I would be getting. Shame on me for not reading the menu more carefully (I hate mango). Even though we were both delightfully stuffed, we ordered dessert. OMG. No really, OMG. The best dessert I've had in a LONG time. I keep thinking about it. I wish I could have another one today. We had the "Mexican Brownie". In case I didn't already mention it - OMG! SO absolutely delicious. It's a huge brownie filled with LOTS of nuts (I think walnuts, don't remember exactly), served on a hot skillet with vanilla ice cream and a brandy sauce. No really, I think I have to go over there today and get another one. It's so unbelievably tasty. So, bottom line, when you go, whatever you do, you MUST leave room for this delicious chocolatey sizzling mouthwatering goodness. p.s. I would give the place 5 stars if it wasn't for the slow service. Oh, also, it's a bit on the pricey side (specialty dishes, like the carne asada and shrimp the hubby had, are over $20).
2	Though we were initially pretty impressed with the restaurant, our hopes for an enjoyable and filling lunch came crashing down pretty quickly. I do agree on a few points with some of the previous reviews. The chips and salsas were great. I asked for some extra hot salsa and our server (Adrien?) quickly made up some extra hot salsa that, along with the two other types already served, ended up being pretty much all I ate. As others have already stated, the service was great, the atmosphere was nice, but we walked out the door looking for somewhere to go eat. My wife ordered the Enchilada De Espinaca (sauteed spinach, monterey jack cheese and mushroom enchilada) and asked to have chicken added. She ended up with what looked good at first, but turned out to be steamed white-meat chicken and spinach ONLY inside the enchilada. No mushrooms or cheese. I ordered the Chile Relleno and was expecting to be asked if i wanted cheese or whatever 'Picadillo' was, but since I was just a little busy getting my daughter to not create a new lab experiment with the salsa and her sprite, I pretty much hoped for the best when our server just walked away. I was very suprised to find ground beef (yes hamburger) sliced almonds and a semi-sweet spice mix filling my relleno. Since I enjoy almonds and most other nuts as much as my daughters enjoy sushi, that blew my whole meal. Did I mention the almonds sprinkled on the side dish (some kind of pan-fried potatoes)? The two stars are only granted for two items...a decent kids menu with enough options to even satisfy my two picky chitlens and the fact the person who appeared to be the head chef came out of the back and personally apologized to us and comped the entire meal (including the corn-dog and chicken fingers my girls scarfed down.) We may give it one more try because we are always looking for someplace we can get at least decent food while also satisfying our two princesses. I hope they can get the back of the line in order since i don't know any restaurant that can survive long-term on happy hour, chip and dessert fans.
5	This time around I had the Cantina Laredo combo plate which included a fajita taco, chicken enchilada, beef tamale and chile relleno.  Wow, is the only word that comes to mind when describing.   Go try it if you were thinking about it.
5	Does this restaurant get five stars because of it's ambiance, food, or great service?  No.  Don't get me wrong, it was great food at a decent price, but this review is slightly biased.Since work sent me out to Arizona for the weekend, I got to see my brother, who I only see a few times a year.  It's weird as you get older, the family that you wanted to get away from to become an individual is the one that you want to get closer and closer to.  Though I had to fly out to Phoenix Saturday morning, do some work, then drive out to Sierra Vista early Sunday, do some work, and drive back to Phoenix the same day (Sierra Vista is about 3 hours away from Phoenix), I would do it all over again just to spend some time with him.I did remind him that he gave me dog poop and told me it was chocolate when I was a kid though.  That I'll never forget.
5	This place has really begun to grow on me.  My girl and I tend to frequent the happy hour spots here in San Tan Village; used to prefer the Keg for Happy Hour, not a fan of Kona Grill, but this place has consistently provided us a good time at Happy Hour.  I think the service is awesome, 5 stars, easy.Food, 4 starsDrinks, 4 starsSetting/Ambience, 3 to 4 stars.Definitely recommend...guacamole kinda overrated.
3	Cantina Laredo is okay by me. The food is good. The drinks are good. The atmosphere and decor is alright. But that's just the problem. Everything is just "okay".The only thing that stood out for me is the chips & guacamole. The make it right at your table, and you are able to omit any ingredients you choose. This is a big deal for me because I HATE onions. So I can get delicious guacamole without having to scoop around the onions.I eat here occasionally, but I never really crave it.
4	We only go for brunch on weekends, so I can't talk about the service since we always get great service.  The fajitas are excellent(get grilled jalapeno's on the side) but my favorite is the Sunday brunch with eggs, steak & potatoes with the awesome chimachurri sauce.  I order a side of their chimachurri sauce every time we go regardless of what I order.  The shrimp dishes are quite good too.  The classic taco/enchilada plates are average.  The down side are the chips & salsa.  The chips are hit & miss, sometimes warm sometime cold.  The red salsa is too mild for us but has a decent taste, the other salsa they serve,  I cant even stand the smell of it, but maybe thats just me.On a plus, it has big screen tv's for sports on the weekends and its clean as could be.
5	Everyone is friendly which is really important to me. The good vibe is always welcomed. The food is always good and I can't wait to eat there again!
5	I really enjoy this place.  The staff is friendly and helpful and make you feel at home.  The food is great, and although I haven't order it....They make some dessert that comes out sizzling and seems like heaven!  I look forward to going back!
3	Holy crap this place is pricey!!!  I am not cheap but 12 bucks for a margarita??  Why not have the kick ass margarita at Los dos Molinos for about the same price but really gets you messed up and tastes great!  The food at Cantina Laredo is very expensive too, nothing under 10 bucks WTF?? Anyway they do use quality meats, the chicken & the beef were excellent however the stuff surrounding them was below average. The masa on the tamale was mushy, the tortilla & the sauce on the enchilada was less than desirable. We did enjoy the fajita taco & the chili relleno though.  Due to the many guacamole reviews on here we just had to try it.... Above average I guess but way too limey for my taste.  So for being expensive & not that great of food I probably will not go back, however I must give props to our waitress Jocelyn, she was unbelievable!!!! We have not had exceptional service like that in years, she was so phenomenal we even called the manager over to let him know of our experience!!!  I absolutely would have given this place one or two stars but bumped it up to three because of the service!
2	On a recent trip to Arizona I was looking forward to some quality Mexican food, and was rather disappointed with the fare from Cantina Laredo.The hot salsa and chips immediately brought to the table were delicious, as was the fresh guacamole made table side but it pretty much went downhill from there.I ordered queso chicken tacos which were nothing more than a grilled chicken breast sliced and put in 3 small taco shells and a side of queso, no lettuce, no tomato, no NOTHING.  For a mere $17...Other people in my party got different types of fajitas which were good but still overpriced.  All in all this place is overpriced for what you get.  I don't mind an expensive restaurant but I expect to get what I pay for and Cantina Laredo just doesn't make the grade.
2	Cantina Laredo was not very good. I did feel that it was a little pricey as well. I went here with my boss to check out their banquet room and try some of their food for an upcoming vendor conference our company is having. The atmosphere is very nice and modern. The service was great. We ordered the botanas platter to share which came with tacos al pastor, chicken fajita quesadillas, chili con queso, Guacamole, stuffed jalapenos, and beef, shrimp and vegetable skewers. Nothing really wowed me though. The best thing on the platter was probably the stuffed jalapenos but you only got two and they were pretty small. The tacos were kinda dry and bland as were the quesadillas, and the skewers had only one shrimp and one tough piece of beef on them. I thought it was kinda a rip off. The queso was ok but tasted like your typical Velveeta cheese dip. In addition, we ordered a cup each of the sopa de tortilla. Trying to be fancy, the waiter arrived with two bowls of tortilla strips, chicken, and onions. Then he poured the thick soups table-side. Yippy. I really wasn't impressed. Table-side anything is just stupid and useless in my opinion. The soup really was not very good. Was a bit too pungent in flavor and smell. Almost tasted like a bowl of enchilada sauce. Needless to say, my boss and I didn't eat very much of it. Even the complimentary chips and salsa were not that great. The warm roasted poblano salsa was terrible I thought and the other salsa was mediocre. I had very high hopes for this restaurant and was disappointed immensely. On a positive note, they do have a great banquet room that can hold up to 50 people and it has LCD TVs and surround sound so its great for presentations and corporate events. Would I try it again? I am all about giving places second chances so I would go again and try ordering an actual meal. If it sucks again, I will conclude that this place is overpriced, crappy, and not worth anymore of my time.
4	Nice upscale modern atmosphere. The menu is not your standard Mexican fare. Unique dishes. Good Service. They make their Guacamole fresh at your table and it is very tasty. The Chips comes with 2 salsas, a first roasted and roasted tomatillo. The Fire Roasted is really good, but the roasted Tomatillo is served warm and is definitely an acquired taste. I had a Spinach Enchilada that came with seasoned snap peas and rice. Overall a great dining experience. I would recommend that you try it for yourself and not be deterred by some of the negative reviews on here. After all, if you want Mexican that is standard there are many other places for that in the valley. The food here is definitely gourmet and the quality of the fresh ingredients used is excellent.
4	Love this place! I love the ambiance, atmosphere, the people and the menu!  Designed as a "nicer" restaurant, but with all of the amenities of "home away from home". We went on a Thursday afternoon along with a couple of business-attired folks sitting at the bar working at their lap tops, several booths with 4-5 people and a couple of families.The server brought chips & salsa to the table and then we enjoyed the taco salad and tortilla soup (very, very good!) and the three combo plate.  Both meals were very good, worth the price (total bill was $20 + tip), but what made this adventure enjoyable was our server.  She was very personable, professional and really delightful.  We asked if she was the owner and she replied "no", but just really loved her job!WOW - don't hear that every day.  The Owner did visit our table and chat with us a bit ... which was very nice.I'm all about good customer service and this place definitely did not disappoint.Looks like they even have a (big) room in the back for meetings or networking events.   Definitely worth checking out.
4	Had the pleasure of having Sunday brunch with a friend here a few weeks ago! What a treat for my palette! To start off, they had chips with a few salsas to chose from, and the one that is served warm was so savory, love it!  We shared the guacamole, which was made fresh table side-guac lovers rejoice indeed! I had the crab cake eggs benedict, which was seductively wrapped in a unique chipotle wine hollandaise sauce, served with yummy potatoes, and fruit in a cinnamon and sugar hard shell tortilla bowl! Add a complimentary mimosa to boot, it was all awesome!  I look forward to a return visit to try some of their later day dining options for sure, and maybe a margarita!  Overall, I give it a 4 start rating, which is still pretty good!  The food speaks for itself!
4	This place suprised me.   We were waiting for a table at a nearby Sushi place and my wife and spotted this Restaurant.  AMAZING food.  The Guacamole was made at the table, fresh, and tasted great.  The Fiesta Grill was amazing.  I would recommend this to everyone.  Delicious food, fantastic atmosphere.  My wife and I will go back for sure.
1	I could go on and on, but let me just say this... Definitely NOT even close to Mexican food! Not worth a $75 dinner for two people. I have to say the guacamole was good, but you can't go wrong with fresh ingredients made right in front of you.  Waiter was super busy and never around, nice guy but too sweaty!
4	My family's a regular here due to its location.  I love their Carne Asada lunch, but the best thing here is their top shelf guacamole!  They make it in front of you and you can enjoy it fresh with their complimentary tortilla chips.  Order that and a margarita and you're good to go!
3	The three stars are for service, decor, ambiance and the margaritas.  We started off with some guacamole which was prepared table side.  Sad to say the best part of the meal was made by the server but it's true.  The food was less than meh.  There's no doubt in my mind I was given instant rice and that was the most memorable part of my meal.  I can't recall what I ordered as a main dish.I think this is a great place for happy hour margs and guac... nothing else.
4	The food is usually good, upscale Mexican.
2	Just ate here last night..The food is ok. The environment is nice, however, the food is not up to to par with the environment, much less the price. If you are looking for real good and tasty Mexican food, this is not the place. I had Veracruz enchiladas and were not quite what I expected or was looking forward To having. I will say that the chips and salsa are really good!  If you like a sweet taste in your food, I think this is your place. Personally, I have experienced way better Mexican food, in other restaurants here in the valley at a much more less price :)
2	Way over priced. Very basic margarita $8, a good margarita $12.50, and the food cost is worse. Three chicken taco's, with just meat in the tortilla, rice, beans, and queso on the side $17.50!!!  They could at least add some peppers, onions, or gold flakes for that price. The food is average Mexican food, and not worth the price.  Server was very friendly, which earned them 2 stars instead of 1.
4	Nice ambience, high quality for a chain and the prices do reflect that. The menu items are clearly marked in terms of vegan or gluten free, I liked that.The service was a bit slow and mechanical but not unacceptable.
4	I visited Cantina Laredo for a Sunday Brunch and I have yet to get it off my mind! I have only been one time but I will definately be going back. I had a dish with eggs and carne asada. What made it so rememberable was this sauce they put on the carne asada that just made it all melt together and filled your mouth with flavor! It was like a cilantro pesto type sauce. Their drinks were also delicious. I will definately come back for brunch and maybe even a lunch or two.
5	Went there as a girls night and when we walked it it was totally dead. I was worried that maybe we picked a dud as somewhere to try out. But I was so wrong!! The staff was incredible, the food was AMAZING, and if you go, you have got to save room for the Mexican Apple Pie. It's seriously to die for! I am so excited to go back again! I totally recommend it.
3	I have been there twice. The food is OK, pricey for Mexican though. The drinks are good. The service is ok too. The first time the service was better, but the second time not so good at all. We were mostly ignored!!! Although it could have been because of my friend's kid!! You can find better Mexican restaurant for cheaper, but the location is convenient being it is in the shopping center and all.
4	Went here yesterday with the boyfriend. We sat at the bar drank beers and had chips and guacamole, soooo yummy. When I go there for dinner I love the steak fajitas. The service is great and everyones always so nice.
4	When I checked in here, I was a little surprised that it's average rating isn't higher. But then I realized that I always get the same thing when I eat here, so I decided to branch out. I can now confidently speak for two items on the menu.The pros: The Carne Asada is delicious- that is what I normally get. This time I got the Avocado and Artichoke Enchiladas and I really enjoyed them too. Another reviewer mentioned liking the chips and salsa, and I agree. They give you two completely different types of salsa, and they are both really good. Also- I really like their chips. I have high expectations when it comes to chips at Mexican restaurants, and these ones are really very good. The service has always been really great while I am there, and there is a pretty nice atmosphere. Oh- I have also had their apple pie dessert- it comes out sizzling and they have cinnamon ice cream to go along with it. It's amazing! The cons: As some other Yelpers have said, drinks are just ok and when I am paying $10 for a margarita, I would prefer that it isn't watered down. Anyway, is it authentic Mexican food? No, but it is still pretty tasty. I'll keep going here, and maybe next time I will be able to review something else on the menu.
2	I would return here for happy hour - margarita and chips and salsa or guacamole, but never again for dinner.  The fire roasted salsa and my house margarita were pretty good, but our entrees were marginal and extremely over priced.  I ordered the Mahi Tacos - they were flavorless, except for the overwhelming amount of red onion. My husband ordered the Shrimp Enchiladas, and was served the Spinach and Mushroom Enchiladas instead... My dad, who eats all things Mexican, only ate half of his plate.  If you're a foodie, skip it.  If you're not concerned with flavor, but enjoy a nice atmosphere, this might be a place for you.
5	Seriously AWESOME.First time here, and it was GOURMET MEXICAN, just as advertised.Everything was fresh, spiced in unique and thoughtful ways, and presented very well.I had the RIBEYE.  If you are a carnivore, please eat this.  And thank me.Oh my dear wonderful god it was tasty.  I ordered it medium rare and it was PERFECTION.They really have taken some time and energy to make each dish distinctive.My friend had the Ensalada with Cilantro y Pollo and it was such a surprising blend of so many different tastes.  The chicken had a GREAT chargrilled flavor and blended with all the other veggies.We totally got suckered into ordering the sizzling ice cream dessert (I think it's just called apple pie on the menu, but my name is "The Ice Cream SIZZLER".We watched the table next to us get presented with this hot stone dish with some pastry + ice cream, and then the waiter poured some delicious sauce all over it, and that damn ice cream SIZZLED.So sweet, but oh-so-tasty, and even the after dinner coffee was really soothing.I was so utterly satisfied by every aspect of this dining experience, I just hope they keep delivering!
5	Seriously good salsa! Awesome service and food. Love the margaritas, too!
4	Found in Arizona!!!  Really good Mexican food that is not a taco,burrito or enchilada!!!  We stopped for lunch at this mall restaurant not expecting much and it was a happy surprise.We ordered maragaritas and appetizers.  Spend the extra $$ and get the Cab0o Wabo margarita than the house one; it's worth it.  The 'ritas were clearly made from fresh ingredients, although I would have like mine a little sweeter.  We ate the delicious guacamole, which was made table-side, and the ceviche, whiich was probably the best I ever ate.  The chips and salsa that were brought to the table were also very freshly made.Our waiter was very capable.  The only downside was the hostess who seated us.  Not very friendly, never made eye contact and if she spoke at all, she mumbled.
5	Craving Mexican but want something healthier or a little different? Cantina Laredo has it all baby! I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass with fresh asparagus and cilantro-lime rice! All I can say is "WOW." Totally knocked my socks off! Serving size was just right and the server was attentive and cheery.
4	I've seen this place at the Santan mall a few times on my way out and noticed it had a happy hour so I took my bf for a whirl. The HH is actually really nice! The house margaritas are reasonably priced and very delicious (my mouth is watering just thinking about it) They also have XX which pleased the bf. We had a chicken quesadillas appetizer and shared the tacos al carbon. Both were super delicious, the meat was juicy and the meal was huge! I was very happy with the service we received here which was our bartender. I will definetely be back!
4	Fancy Mexican.This place is nice..food was good with a friendly staff.  Although we did feel rushed by the waiter a bit.  I had the shrimp enchiladas.  Very tastey. Good chips, salsa and they do table-side guacamole.
5	The BF and I just love this place!  Fabulous margaritas....and cheap during happy hour!  Great chips and salsa, and tableside guacamole.  The Enchiladas de Avocado is our favorite entree.  It comes with this amazing jicama salad which I think I love even more than the enchiladas.  Service is always good....everyone's friendly.  Bartenders are great too.  This is our go-to margarita spot!
3	Nothing exceptional, yet no terrible disappointments. An Abuelos clone for sure. Don't go outta your way.
4	Being consistent is a key, went again after the review written below and this time I ordered the Taco's Al carbon and they were a little tough so I take a star away from my original evaluation because I want it to be the same every visit.If you ask me to go back....Oh yes.Mexican cuisine - Let's start with our waiter, Javier awesome job and his interaction with us (4) was great. The top shelve guacamole was made at the table and was good and the food was very good.. There had been some changes to old items on the menu (good changes that enhanced the product).  New menu items which I choose to try which I enjoyed..I'll leave it up to you to choose your new favorite food.
5	I was totally surprised at how good this restaurant is.  I agree with everyone else on the service, decor, and margaritas!  The guacamole made table side was really good and fresh.  However, I really enjoyed my meal as did my dining companion. We had cerviche and Tacos Pescado.  Both were execellent.  i would highly reccomend this restuarant to anyone in the area!
4	To conclude our day date on Sunday, after we left Fox Cigar Bar we went to Cantina Laredo for an early dinner.  I had eaten at the Scottsdale location twice last year for lunch and enjoyed it then, so I thought I would take the husband to the Gilbert location and see what happy hour and dinner was like.  We were greeted right away by a manager type and he seated us and said our server, I believe her name was Jackie, would be right with us, and she was.  She showed us the HH menu and we opted for the $5 marg.  They also have $3 HH margs, but we're no pansies and wanted the bigger one.  We also ordered some chicken taquitos that are on the HH menu.  We got 6 for $3.49.  I thought that was a great deal.   They were flavorful with a nice crunch and the chicken was very tender.  In fact, I'm going to daydream about those for a minute.Then we decided to share the Asada Y Camarones which is, to quote the menu:  grilled steak topped with bacon-wrapped shrimp filled with oaxaca cheese and jalapeno.  For $23.99 it was a great price and portion to share.  We each felt like we had a full dinner.  The steak was tender with a little pink inside, just like we like it, and those bacon-wrapped shrimp were heavenly.  They had a smoky flavor already and then the bacon on top of that....well, bacon makes everything better.  Our dinner came with some rice and sauteed squash.  Both nice and light.  How could I forget the chips and salsa?  I love that they bring you two salsas and one is more fire-roasted tasting and a little spicier.  Like them both a lot.  I ended up putting the smoky, spicier one on those taquitos and was in my own little heaven.     Jackie was very attentive and overall we had a great experience and look forward to going back.
5	Its all about the experience! Ask for Kris. She is the best! Don't forget to treat her well if she makes your night.
2	Not good mexican food...authentic? Please! I had the mole enchilada...it was okay. Chips and salsa.....meh...weak salsa. It is pricey....and it really shouldn't be for the portion you get! The only good thing? The service was excellent but they just need fire the chef and get a good mexican crew back there.
5	Friendly staff, good food and a great happy hour in an awesome modern atmosphere. I've been coming here from about a year and every time I do the food is great. They take classics Mexican cuisine and put a modern twist on it to make it fresh and pleasing.  Plus the chef visits the tables to insure everything was great tasting.
3	I wouldn't recommend going for the food. The drinks on the other hand were pretty good. Had i not had the "Casa Rita" to save my dinning experience i would have ranked this place a two star. Go for the drinks, skip the food.
4	A couple of friends had recommended this place, so we finally gave it a shot.  The prices on the menu kind of punched me in the face - because it was hard to believe that anyone gets away with charging that for Mexican fare.  I ordered the enchilada trio, which was immediately forgettable.  The chips and salsa were just okay, and te waitress did a so-so job.  The fun began once we were lured to the bar with the "Three Amigos" promo drink (after the meal).  Basically, it's their house margarita, with a Coronita tipped in from above, and a Hornitos tequila sidecar.  This kind of got my night started on the right foot.  A few more of the house 'ritas once reverse happy hour hit, and we were finally happy.In other words, no reason to go there for the food - but the bartender is great and the beer flows like wine.
4	This place is great. There are some reviews on here from a few years ago which makes me think that this place is either under new management or had a huge turn around. All statements about the chips and salsa are true (they are great) and that can be said for the margs too! My fiance and I go for the Happy Hour which is amazing. We love the crab cakes and tacos. The prices for the main entrees are a bit crazy for us, but the happy hour pricing is great. I would call this upscale tex-mex. Just thinking about Cantina Laredo has my mouth watering...guess its good we plan on going tonight.
1	Go for the ambiance or the location, but certainly don't go for the food or the service!  We used to come here as a large group for their occasional tequila nights.  I tolerated the extreme price tag and endured the mediocre food because they gave us a private room, had raffles and awards, and the tequila flowed generously.  However, after three consecutive events where one or more of our group asked us to stop going there (usually because of bad food, bad service, or getting ill from the food), we stopped doing tequila nights.  Since then I have been back twice with other people for lunch. The first time I thought it must have been an off day, I figured they couldn't really be this bad and still be in business.  The second time was my last - they really are this bad. I haven't had fast food since 2003, but I'd drive through Taco Bell before I'd sit through a Cantina Laredo lunch.  So, bottom line, if you're just going for friends and drinks, it's a great place.  If you're expecting decent service and tolerable food, look elsewhere.
4	Went here with my husband for the first time a few days ago, and I have to say I was impressed! However, I'm shocked to see so many comments about the atmosphere. It was okay...the fire places were beautiful however the walls are very bare, very paneled, very sterile.  Hang some art work! And the music did not match the decor at all. It was mariachi music that felt like I was at Filibertos...not classy at all. However, I was very impressed with the food. Great salsa and chips, good margarita (pomegranate) and excellent shrimp salad! Shrimp, jicama, walnuts, mango and goat cheese with a cirtus dressing. It was worth the $14 price tag! Would recommend to any salad fanatic. Husband had the fajitas and wasn't as impressed. Overall, good food and drinks, terrible art decor and lousy music playing, but 4/5 for that salad!
4	visited for the first time on a Monday evening approx. 6pm. My party of 3 was seated immediately & greeted by our server promptly. For my entree I had the chicken tampico (without spinach) and it was delicious! grilled chicken was very moist, the vegetable side was squash done just right (not quite al dente but not soggy either- just right) the mexican rice also had good flavor. Everything tasted fresh and served warm as though made to order. We split the apple pie dessert w/ cinnamon ice cream- which was good but not great.I will definately go back again.
3	The chips and salsa were good, but we must have had the slowest server on staff. The food was okay, but not anything to write home about. The place is always busy, so maybe I caught it on a bad day... I'm not sure... Not sure I will give it another chance.
3	Fresh, excellently prepared quality food, but bland. A friend of mine described it this way: Not the best Mexican food, but the best Mexican food. The quality, and presentation are great. The prices are okay too. They have the best Bloody Mary in town, though.
4	Haven't had a bad meal or cocktail here.  Wait staff is better than average.  However, last night, it took 20 minutes to get our cocktails and 30 minutes for dessert to arrive.  Granted, it was a busy Saturday night, but the bar and kitchen should have been staffed up.We did make a complaint to the manager and his response was appropriate.
4	Compared to the other places I have tried so far this was pretty good. I liked the salsa. It was smokey flavored and nicely spiced but not too hot. The chips were a bit salty The meal, Lorado Combination Plate, was very good. Some of the best Mexican food I have had out of a restaurant in the Phoenix area. Yum!
5	Service was fantastic! Had the tableside Guacamole and Enchiladas. My wife had the Chicken tacos and the kids shared a chicken fingers meal. And we finished everything with the Mexican Brownie. Great food! Every bit was bursting with flavor! You can definitely tell that they make everything fresh. For those that say it is bland, they definitely have no palate! Again, Fantastic Service! Ask for Ella, She was awesome! The menu is priced appropriately as well. Located at San Tan Village and rightfully so! I will be heading back again this week!
5	My daughter and i went out to eat every meal  over christmas holidays...we loved Cantina Laredo ...the server we had was great....the atmosphere  was great, food fresh, arrived promptly,  we thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience....we had been testing various Mexican style restaurants ...we compared restaurants over a weeks time from Sedona to Phoenix and this restaurant received our highest rating....I would recommend as Excellent....what a great holiday memory....also had wifi so,we could Skype with family....great touch....
5	Excellent food, decent drinks, nice atmosphere.
4	Going during happy hour and take advantage of their appetizers. We ordered the quesadilla, tacos, and nachos and all of them were fantastic and much cheaper then the rest of the menu. We also took advantage of the outside seating which was great because we love to people watch and their are many walking around the mall.
2	So, I had there "Tacos De Pollo Cascabel, Ceviche, Tacos De Barbacoa, Flautas, Nachos Al Carbon and Crab Cakes"  Over all the food was Ok, nothing amazing but ok there's stuff that I would not order again but I couple that I might. The atmosphere and the services was real nice. There was nothing that stood out that makes me wanna come back to try it again so as far as coming back I might if I'm in the area for Happy Hour but I will not go out my way to come back
2	When this first opened the food was good. Now it tastes like everything came from the freezer. The food is just okay now but not for the price.
5	I've visited at least 10 times now, its GREAT! Servers are super friendly, the zucchini side is amazing, the fresh table side made guac is spicy but tasty. We even had a birthday dinner for 9 on a Saturday night with very short notice and they accommodated beautifully. Highly recommend!
5	Love, love, love Cantina Laredo.  It's a bit pricey - we typically spend over $100 for drinks, dinner and guacamole - but the food is delish!
5	We visited Cantina Laredo quite a few times while we lived in Phoenix and we were never disappointed. If you are coming during peak dinner hours on a Friday or Saturday, expect a wait. We usually try to plan to come early or late to avoid the rush. The bar area is really nice for people wanting to come in for happy hour and enjoy some drinks with friends. The ambiance of the rest of the restaurant is nice, romantic, and low lit. Great place to come for a date. Service has always been great and the last time we visited my server was very familiar with gluten free allergy needs and went out of his way to check on things for me. Wait time for food is normal and you can keep yourself busy with their nom nom chips and salsas (one of their salsas is gluten free, so ask if you have an allergy)I was pleased to find a good amount of the menu can be made, or is naturally, gluten free. While I couldn't have what I used to get (which is awesome and everyone should try it if you aren't allergic to wheat!) the spinach enchilada with cream sauce, the avocado enchilada I had was very good. The table side guac was awesome and the mixed drinks are always amazing. We've also tried their fajitas and grilled shrimp salad which are super nom. I was sad I couldn't have the brownie anymore, but if you're going to Cantina Laredo definitely save room for it, it's amazing!!Price is very affordable and I usually leave with extras for the next day. Definitely recommend stopping by Cantina Laredo for some awesome Mexican cuisine.
5	The house margaritas here are the greatest margaritas in the world. They are quite possibly the greatest drink in the world. They are strong too. These will boogie woogie on your brain!
4	Exceeds my expectations.
4	Eaten here several times.   Its really good.  Its not cheap, but its not steam table covered in canned sauce.  Try the cocktails.  They really have some killer house drinks.  We did the tequila dinner.  Highly suggest it.  Worth every penny.  To go there and not get the tableside guac is a total loss.  Love love love mexican food.  Its kicked up and not your normal beef enchiladas. But!   Its not cheap either. You are going to pay more.
4	I'm a huge fan of the Sunday Brunch at Cantina Laredo.  They have crab cakes benedict for $13.99 and it comes with a complimentary bloody mary or mimosa.  It's a really good deal and delicious!  The chips and salsa are super fresh and if you save some room for dessert you have to try the Mexican apple pie which is very yummy! I think the reason that I like the benedict here is because they make a special chipotle hollaindaise and it adds enough of a kick of heat to it to really accentuate the other flavors.  I haven't tried any of the other brunch items because I'm addicted to the benedict, but I have been with people who have ordered them and they have all enjoyed their meals.  :)
5	My boyfriend and I frequent this place at least twice a month for Sunday brunch. The service is great. One recommendation is I clarify with the waiter if the whole menu is considered brunch, or just the too menu items. I say this because our first few times we were told the whole menu is considered brunch and this comes with a complimentary alcoholic beverage. I tell all my friends about this place and we have brought many to dine there as well. Without a doubt, one of my favorite restaurants!
5	We were in town for a week and my Uncle mentioned that Cantina Laredo had great food. We decided to give it a try.  Sat on the patio, Duke our server was fabulous!  Super nice, very attentive and friendly!  He offered suggestions and they were great!  Food was delicious, a lil modern flare.  I would recommend CL 100%, you will not be disappointed.
3	Located within the San Tan Village shopping area I was really excited to try out this restaurant.  I have to say the food was very mediocre considering they bill themselves as "gourmet" Mexican, the atmosphere was dull and dingy as we were put at a table in the back area with servers going by constantly and the service was just ok. Nothing to write home about and probably won't be making a return visit.
3	Over priced, but the salsa is really good.  Best for Happy Hours.
5	This place is awesome.  The chips and salsa are the best in town. Food and service are both excellent.
4	Love cantina!  The service is always exceptional,  chips and salsa are amazing, and the Margarita's are the best!!  They are a bit pricey so I would highly recommend their happy hour ($3 margaritas) and their brunch on Sunday is very good.  This place is always my first choice for good Mexican food.
4	Been here twice now - friendly staff, nice environment with a good choice of Margarita's and more. I was given a free guacamole coupon at the nearby Hyatt Place (ask for one!) and so started with a free dish of table side guacamole (3 avacodo's) followed by taco's with all the trimmings and two excellent margarita's. then a free Hyatt shuttle to a good night's sleep!
4	My family went for brunch today and something went wrong with our order.  The manager on duty came out and took care of it right away. I commend him for his attention to the customer. We will be back for the food and service.
3	Came here because we were at San Tan mall and wanted Mexican food. Didn't realize it was going to be this fancy, high end place tiller walked in. the service was great and the free chips and salsa were good and they kept them coming. drinks were filled. the food though... definitely not authentic and their ceviche I was soooooo super sad after I tried it. they jazzed it up with things that shouldn't be in ceviche like capers and olives and it wasn't in a tomato juice broth and it was so sour and pickled that I couldn't finish the seafood in the dish to atleast get my money's worth. my mom got their fish tacos and those were pretty good. overall it's ok but I wouldn't come back.
5	We frequent here often and I have to say the chicken fajitas are the bomb!!! Great drinks and overall good food and drinks. I highly recommend this place to anyone that is craving some Mexican food!
4	Mmmm...artichoke and avocado enchiladas are a veggie-saur dream come true! Delicious and then some.The atmosphere is nice in here, and it's definitely a busy place because of San Tan being such a hot spot for shopping, but the service is really pretty great.The drinks are somewhat pricey (thus only 4 stars instead of 5), so realistically, this isn't a place you want to come for more than one drink unless you plan to have a large bill at the end of the meal.
5	Wonderful! Great happy hour specials. Table side guacamole, street tacos and shrimp flat bread was fantastic! Dinner: if Chilean sea bass is on the menu, order it! Delish. Service was excellent
4	Love their chips and salsa and you have to order the cheese dip. The nachos are always very good and taste fresh rather then other places. The Margaritas are wonderful and their Happy Hour is a great way to check the place out.  The servers are hit or miss. :/
5	Great upscale tex-mex cuisine and great service as always. I always leave with food as the protions are generous. The apple pie dessert is phenomenal!!
4	Great food. Nice decor. Good service. Loved the chips and salsa. I thoroughly enjoyed the steak fajitas  My wife raved about her chicken enchilada mole.
5	Great spot. Not particularly the place I would have taken two toddlers but they rolled with the punches and allowed us a good meal out of the house, despite the small mess our munchkins made. Thank you! Im always leary when dining out because I have chosen an alternative gluten/dairy-free lifestyle but was pleasantly impressed that they were so accommodating. It was no bother to remove the cheese or sauce from my fish tacos (and removing or not eating the shells myself at the table was obviously a breeze).. Yum!! Though eating the chips was difficult a small spoonful of salsa every so often still made me feel like part of the experience.. Great!! Now im hungry.
5	What's not to love? Their house margaritas are the best in town, and with happy hour their prices are even better. Their food is classic gourmet Mexican with a twist. I love their Sunday brunch!!  Their Juevos Rancheros was deeelicious (the Bloody Maria, too!) And the hot salsa they serve with their chips is my favorite. The service also gets 5 stars, whether it's their servers or bartenders. Expect a wait on Saturday nights, but that's pretty much with anywhere.
5	Great place, the chips and salsa are always delicious, so that can be counted on.  I ordered the Mesquite Grilled Chicken breast, served with a side of Spanish Rice and fried zucchini.The zucchini was absolutely perfect: Piping hot, but still crisp and flavorful, the Spanish rice was good, not special, but the Chicken breast made up for that.  Besides being deliciously juicy and packed with smoky flavour, it was cooked to perfection. I desire a chicken breast to be cooked just long enough to be done, without losing any juiciness or flavor, and that was exactly what I got.The wait staff is lighthearted and easy to get along with, and very accommodating as well.  Thanks Cantina Laredo!
5	Always time and money well spent. I've eaten here at least a dozen times and each time, the food is delicious and the service is excellent. Every time I've visited manager has stooped by the table to make sure everything is fine. The chips and salsa are excellent and each entree I've tried was great. Just has the fajita tacos last nite: highly recommend them. For Mexican food, one of my all time favorite stops.
1	This place was over priced and just not very good.  There were 5 of us and only person liked their meal (and now I can't remember what it was!) If you are in San Tan...go somewhere else!
5	My family loves this place!  My favorite is the Chilean Sea Bass.  Even on a busy Friday night, the service was excellent.  We've been here a few other times and it's been great every time.  We had 8 in our party and they were very accommodating.  I came here for lunch a few months ago and had their steak fajitas.  The seasoning and texture of the steak was perfect!  We will definitely be back.
5	It's a must for reverse happy hour. Very cheap prices. I had the best time tonight with a group of five. Received our food very fast and the service was great. Thanks Josh you were awesome.
5	Where do I begin?  This place has excellent food, great happy hour, and most importantly an amazing staff. Happy hour runs until 7pm during the week. Sunday's carne asada brunch is AMAZING!  Not to mention is comes with a complementary Bloody Mary.  The food, drinks, and staff keeps us coming back.
2	I am only give it two stars because they did have good guacamole. As for the rest of the food it would get 1 star. I thought it was impossible to mess up tacos but these were so bland! I even drown them in salsa to try and help them but that didn't even work. I have zero plans to go back to eat but would maybe do drinks and guacamole.
4	Had a wonderful meal for 10 people celebrating. . Food was very good & prices were reasonable. Salsa was awesome. Don't know why anyone wouldn't rate this restaurant fairly highly. Very good Mexican cuisine. Families will work also.  Guacomole was also very good. Carne asada was excellent.
5	Fine dining Mexican! Love the pomegranate mojitos and the complimentary warm, fire roasted salsa. Highly recommends the fish tacos with cilantro-lime rice and black bean dip as side dishes. Very friendly towards kids with a big kid and small kid menu.
5	Excellente'!  Great meal with friends on Easter Sunday.  Amazing margaritas.  Service was fantastico!  Love Cantina.  Great Gilbert destination for food and friends outing!  I love everything about this place e, including the service.
4	This place is great for their margaritas and table side guacamole (so good! They make it right at your table). They have a few tvs near the large circle bar so it's even an ok place to watch a game. I've only had the food once and i got chicken tacos which were good, large portions, just nothing spectacular.
3	Average. Not spicy. Not Tex-Mex. Not Mexican. Apple pie or brownies for desert. House Margarita was average. The lack of spice made it seem like it was for an older crowd. On a positive note; the service was excellent.
3	Have to bring this down.  Place was cool, but the staff became really sh*tty.  I so like the food, but geez, it's smile or something.
1	We went for dinner this evening, and I have not been there in 6 monthsAfter visiting here again from Chicago and WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT.I had to,return the Chicken Breast as it,was cold, dry and salty! The serviceWas poor, my silverware was dirty and we had to ask for napkins and cutlery.my friends had the guacamole which was tasteless and boring with noSpecialized taste, I,mean really. You are much better off going to a moreSpecialized Mexican restaurant like Barrio,at Phoenix. I DO NOT PlAN ON EVER RETURNING TO THIS REStARAUNT!it has really slipped and the quality has gone down hill. you truly should beAshamed of,yourselves!
4	A group of us tried this restaurant because we were "craving" Mexican food.  We were not disappointed, the service was good and we got a great table on their outside deck.They also have great salsa, the first time I had heated salsa and it was great.  Also I would recommend anything on their taco and enchiladas menu.
1	I don't know how they can put "gormet" on the door with a clear conscience.  How do you mess up beef enchiladas?! Terrible overpriced food.
5	My favorite up-scale Mexican restaurant! Their salsa is delicious, their Barbacoa tacos are incredible, their pork torta is delectable and their apple pie is like nothing you've ever eaten before- I promise! Trust me on this one- get the skillet apple pie. You won't regret it!
4	Homemade guacamole is great...needed a little kick or more salt this time but good as usual. Steak fajitas are so amazing!!!  I'm not even a huge fan of steak but whatever they season it with is definitely working. Rice is boring and beans were nasty but the fajita makes up for it!!!
4	I had beef fajitas (so original of me) and my wife went with a crab dish (something new on the menu).   Food was great as always.  The atmosphere was good and full of great energy.   When we checked in we were told we would be seated in 10 mins.   We left our names and hopped on 2 bar stools to scarf some hand made Guac while we waited. My first question to the bartender was "will the hostess find us here" (this based on the fact hay they don't have the little light up vibrating "it's your turn to sit toys).  He said absolutely.   After realizing way more than 10 mins had passed I went up to the stand and asked "are we up?"  The hostess said "you are next."  I said "so you skipped us."  She then reluctantly admitted yes we called you and you didn't come.  That is about the only negative to our night at cantina.  Great place to get some Mexican food!
5	My friend took me here for a birthday dinner and it was simply amazing- on par with my favorite The Mission out in Old Town Scottsdale. We shared several dishes and we really loved everything- including the delicious margaritas! The pomegranate one I had was simply one of the best I've ever had. I'm getting hungry just thinking about their amazing menu. Yummmerz!
2	Great salsa and chips to start followed be $15.00 tacos that look like a mini appetizer. ..taste good,  but place is filthy...blinds, air conditioning returns full of dirt.  Filthy knife place at edge of table and waiter ignored the entire meal...wonder what the kitchen looks like?
2	I have looked forward to eat at this place ever since I moved to Gilbert. I finally had the opportunity and frankly I should have gone to chipotle. They do not cook in house, the food is salty and over priced. In short, it is a chipotle, serving tequila and better decor...save your money
2	I am a fan of Mexican food so we decided to try this place out. I felt like it was a little over priced for what you get. The chips and salsa is really good and so are the margaritas. I got the crab enchiladas and they were ok. I could of gone without all the extras they put on the plate to "dress" it up. This place is ok. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone wanting really good Mexican food though.
2	Service took a long time, food took a long time. The food itself was not Mexican, but probably more Mexican-inspired. Still not very good though. The fresh guacamole made at your table is a fun idea and tasted good but was way overpriced. Probably would be OK if I never went back there again.
4	This place is nice if you're not wanting authentic Mexican food. I was kind of hoping for some sloppy refried bean and cheese type of deal covered with red sauce.... Something I now know I can't find here. Originally I was disappointed seeing that this place offered more upscale, dare I say it- Americanized Mexican food. I ended up being pleasantly surprised. The restaurant is very clean, and our server Jackie was very speedy and friendly. I ordered the spinach enchiladas and my boyfriend had the chicken enchiladas, both were not traditional Mexican food by any means, but were both were pretty good. Once again, not the type of food we were hoping for, but not bad at all.Jackie recommended the red house sangria to me, and I'm so glad she did, it was DELICIOUS! Definitely the highlight of the meal. This girl knows her sangrias, I would recommend her as a waitress if you plan on stopping in!
5	Cantina hosted our first charity Bunco event for Nobody's Perfect today and they did an amazing job.  The food was outstanding and the service was exceptional.  The manager RJ and his staff went above & beyond to make our event a huge success and we hope to make this an annual event at Cantina. Big thanks to Mickey for helping us prepare and making it happen!!  If you haven't eaten there yet be sure to do so..
5	Fajita Tres, bacon wrapped shrimp, spicy salsa, perfect margarita, and little chemistry = best date spot!
5	Cantina Laredo is my favorite spot in Gilbert for happy hour. The margaritas are great and the service is always so quick! They have a great selection of half prices food for happy hour, my favorite is the fish tacos.
4	Some friends that live close by suggested it.  I was very impressed, my friends are vegan, so finding a place that accomodates them can be challenging, but this place did it without pause, and the waitress understood me when I said I was pescatarian, she had great recommendations and the dish was the special Sea Bass.  Very good!  I really enjoyed the thin and low salt chips they provide as well.
5	We love this place. Usually go in for lunch on a weekend before a movie. They have the best margaritas! Large, strong, and made properly. Most people use cheap sweet and sour and don't mix the ingredients in the right order, or the pour is off. Not this place, you get a perfectly made delicious Margarita every time. I really hate spending the $10+ on a margarita and the bartender gives you this cheap sweet and sour gatorade color margarita that tastes like diabetes. The restaurant is upscale and looks great. People think it's a little expensive but it really isn't. Maybe a little more on food but I'm not rich and I'm not complaining. Food is great. It's a different take on Mexican food but it's all delicious. I'm surprised the average vote on yelp for this place isn't a 4 or higher.
1	So over priced and extremely small portions. The waitress made us table side guacamole and it was inedible because she put so much lime in it. Also, my friend and I sat at the table and chatted for about 20 min and the waitress kept walking by with an evil eye. The place wasn't busy nor was it close to closing time. I wouldn't recommend eating here. So many other great Mexican places. Also the website doesn't show a menu.
4	I went to Cantina Laredo one evening after work with a large group (there were nine of us) and had a really good experience!The food: Not super authentic Mexican by any means but they offer an edited menu that's executed well (in other words, small menu but everything on there is pretty good). The complimentary chips and salsa were replenished frequently - I probably ate like three bowls of chips (they were FREE!). I'm a vegan so I ordered the Tacos de Hongos (mushroom tacos). The balsamic glaze was tasty, there was no cheese on my plate and it was a good portion size. The service: They were BUSY and thanks to a co-worker having a reservation, we scored a large table in the back. The section we were in had sliding doors so it was obvious they gave us the space they typically use for private dining events. I don't remember her name but our waitress was good - accomodated our requests and offered suggestions. She recommended the mango margarita and it was AWESOME. Overall, I'm looking forward to coming back for Happy Hour so I can munch on some chips and have a few more mango margaritas!
3	I've been here a few times already, usually for happy hour. Many appetizers are half-off for happy hours, which is fantastic, because you can order sushi tacos (mini tacos with sashimi) for just $4.50! And they are so delicious too! Who knew that sushi and tacos would make such a great combination? Another one of my favourites was their tamarindo lemonade. It's normally an alcoholic beverage featuring tamarind puree, lemonade, and some vodka. It's not very strong, and in fact, last time I ordered w/o alcohol because I had to drive, so the bartender was nice and didn't charge me the full price of the drink. I'm so sad though because they recently removed this drink from the menu! I was so shocked! Please bring it back!Unfortunately, I was not very impressed with their dinner menu. I ordered their pollo con mango mole, and my boyfriend had enchiladas. Both dishes were too salty, and the chicken was dry and flavourless. The only redemption that night was their birthday brownie, which came with a sparkler instead of a candle, quite a novelty. The service has always been great, but I wish the dinner menu was better.
2	Not impressed at all. Beautiful place inside and out but the food not so much. Our two dishes were the Chilean sea bass with cilantro lime rice and asparagus and the beef enchiladas. The bass dish was tasty but I'm not so sure the fish was cooked through. The enchiladas were terrible. The meat had no flavor and the sauce taste like it came from a can.  The flan for dessert however was awesome. We also had the ahi tuna tacos and they were delicious. So I guess it's hit or miss. Not worth the high prices to gamble. I won't be back. The sign outside says "Modern Mexican Food" what does that mean anyway?
5	Soooooo good! We went during happy hour with a group so we all got something different from the appetizer menu and everything was good! The passion fruit Rita was amazing and I dont even like tequila. The empanadas were my favorite
4	I think the food is pretty good. I love their happy hour and I love their  guacamole.
4	Great place for brunch in a relaxed and casual environment. Surprisingly great chips and limey-salsa offered on the table. Will return.
1	This place is terrible - now I see why there were so many empty seats in the place. My daughter ordered the taquitos - totally pre frozen - for sure not home made!  My husband ordered a fajita combo w/ short ribs - TERRIBLE - it pretty much went untouched. I ordered the chicken tacos - they didn't taste too bad, but boy does my tummy hurt now!  We would have been better off driving to Elmer's Tacos!
3	Cantina Laredo is a nice mexican restaurant.  If you like super salty chips you'll love these chips.  There are two different types of salsa, a cold and a hot.  The hot salsa has a smokier, spicier flavor than the cold.  Both are really tasty.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas with sour cream poblano sauce.  They were ok at best.  The chicken had no flavor and the sauce was kind of bland.  The pinto beans were really good and the spanish rice was average.  My husband had the carnitas.  The meat was super tender and fell off bone.  He ordered a side of flour tortillas so he could make tacos with the meat.  He had a side of mixed vegetables that consisted of zucchini, red peppers and squash.  He said that they were seasoned perfectly, and he doesn't even like zucchini.  He also had a side of rice and a margarita.  All and all the meal was good and relatively cheap at only $45.
5	bacon-wrapped shrimp fajitas.  that's all you need to know. fucking delicious.server Jackie was great. guacamole was a little spicy, which was a neat surprise. we managed to come on the evening of some high school's home coming, and according to my wife, modern homecoming dresses are way too hoochy for decency; I guess it is a little unusual to see 17 year old gash in public. the happy hour specials are amazing!
5	Seriously.....best margaritas EVER!!! And the food is delicious as well!!! Started with the chips and warm and cold salsa ....had the best taco costillas ....my husband had the taco de fajitas ....yummy!!! Had tequila shots the day before ....as well as their Cabo Wabo flip...inverted lime with an extra shot of tequila.....ask for Jenna if you want a table....or Mike at the bar!!!  Mike is extremely knowledgeable and really knows his business .....
5	I wanted good Mexican food so I did a little Yelping and found this restaurant. Wowser!!! What a find! This restaurant serves gourmet Mexican food and it is fabulous! It is semi-expensive so come here only if you have the time to savor every morsel of a fine meal!Also - the dress code is higher than T-shirts and jeans. This would be a great place for a first dinner date, special date night or evening with friends.The ambiance is lounge-sexy with a touch of modern. They have a fireplace and outdoor seating and their bar is colorfully lit.The food was out-of-this-world spectacular! The place was immaculate and the service was friendly and efficient. I will be back!A solid 5 stars!
4	Delicious salsa and super tasty steak tacos! Service is a little slow though. The atmosphere in this restaurant rocks and I host business lunches here regularly.
5	Happy hour 4~7 weekdays. The best house margaritas but be careful, more than 2 you cant drive. Delicous steak t acos and nachos. My hubby loves the hot salsa and warm chips and bottomless!
2	Hostess was not very educated on what is considered the bar area and where happy hour pricing is active.
5	This is my favorite local Mexican restaurant!  I especially love going for Sunday brunch and mimosa drink specials. The artichoke enchiladas are fantastic!
2	I come here about twice a year when friends make the choice of where to meet up. Other than that, I'd never have a reason to come. The feel of the restaurant is really cool and trendy. The margaritas are also pretty delicious. But that's about where my positives stop. The food is extremely overpriced and in my opinion not very good. For happy hour I usually get the street tacos. Nothing to write home about. Off the regular dinner menu I opt for something new every time hoping to discover a "good dish". So far I haven't found it.I'm from AZ and I know my way around Mexican food, so maybe I'm biased. I'm all for culinary diversity but I really feel like their food is pre-made and heated to order.  I think the people that like this place probably don't like traditional Mexican fare which is just fine with me. They can eat it all up cause I won't be there to fight them for it!!
4	Always a great time. Great food & great service. I recommend the Top shelf guacamole. Also try the pescado tacos
3	The hubs and I were on the hunt for lunch and both starving! We both get hangry, so food was a must asap! We found this place and since we had the pup, needed a patio. They obliged so we sat down. Pros: $2 mimosas, good salsa, friendly servers, dog friendly patioCons: Tiny portions for starving people, grenidine in mimosas and not very good foodThe $2 mimosas seemed great, but were pretty lame (you get what you pay for) and had my second least favorite substance in the world in it, grenidine. The food came out pretty quick, but we were starving and my two tiny tacos and ramekin of beans left a lot to be desires. C ordered the huevos rancheros and they put fruit on his plate and the juice leaked on it eggs. Kind of gross.It was good enough, but I wouldn't go back
4	This is one of the nicer and better mexican restaurants in the valley. It is hard to find parking, but that is because it is at the mall.The receptionists are not nice -- at all, ever, but the wait staff is really cool, helpful, and non-pushy. It is cold in the front part of the restaurant by the door, but you can ask to be seated in the back by the fire and will enjoy the much more private and warm atmosphere. The food is really good.You can save some money by signing up for their emails and get a free appetizer. The guacamole is the best!
4	After a couple of visits here I'm finally getting around to posting a long overdue review. Stopped by here for lunch yesterday with the entire family. The hostess took care of getting us seated right away, where we met up with other family members that were already there. First off, let me start by saying that the drink menu here is pretty extensive. They have 10 signature margaritas to choose from, several different mojitos and a really good selection of wine and Mexican beers. Oh yeah, and five reserve tequilas. They even offer a tequila flight for those adventurers out there. I went for a traditional mojito - which was mixed perfectly. Lots of food options here to pick from. We started with the Queso Loredo, which is queso mixed with taco meat and pico de gallo - good stuff. I also like the salsa they put on the table - one regular and one spicy. The latter will not disappoint if you like some heat in your food. As far as entrees go I've had several here that I really liked. The Tacos de Pescado (fish tacos) are really good. I've also sampled the Tacos de Fajita, with is also good. On this visit I went for the Asada y Enchilada, which is a really great choice. The onions are marinated and the steak comes with chimichurri sauce. Together, they taste amazing. The cheese enchilada that is served with this was also good. One of the entrees on my to-do list for a future visit are the beef fajitas. Every time I see these go past my table I wish I had ordered them - they smell amazing!For dessert, you have to order the Mexican Apple Pie. This is a slice of apple pie served on a hot skillet, along with a scoop of vanilla or cinnamon ice cream. Your server then pours a brandy butter sauce on top of it, creating a sizzling effect that will draw a lot of attention to your table (you've been warned). The end result tastes incredible. A shout goes out to Vanessa, who did a really great job of taking care of us. She was very helpful, attentive and even accommodated a few special requests when we ordered. She raised the bar for other servers. Cantina Loredo is a little out of my way, but I really like the atmosphere, the food and the service. I will definitely be back!
3	Came here on a Friday night right around 6:30pm as happy hour was ending, it wasn't too busy.Service: Server was busy too know what was going on. We asked if we can get a spicier salsa...He forgot about our request and when the salsa came out, all we tasted was Tabasco sauce. We also had to remind him about getting our 2nd round of drinks.Food: I'll be real, I am no mexican food snob but this was the run of the mill Mexican restaurant. Nothing special or over the top good. We ordered the Ceviche = way too salty, the Enchiladas Veracruz = really bland, Taco Pollo = still bland, The Fajitas with the steak+chicken+ribs = really avg.Atmosphere: it's decent for wanting to be a "gourmet" restaurant. The place is clean and the staff for the most part was nice.I've been here a few times, but there is no particular reason for me to come back.
2	They claim to be gourmet mexican cuisine...  I've had better mexican food from street vendors.  Service was awkward, food was mediocre at best and pricing was way too high.  Ordered the "barbacoa"...  It was basically boiled meat with absolutely no flavor.  Menu stated it was brisket, it seemed more like top round:/  the tortilla chips were good!  Won't go back...
