4	I think the food here is not bad, especially considering how inexpensive it is.  The 4 of us ordered salmon sashimi, chicken gizzard, chicken cartilage, Onkimo, Unagi Don, curry pork with rice, and 2 bowls of noodle...each was big enough to feed 2-3 people.  For dessert, we only ordered a green tea ice cream.  The total came out to $73.  Amazingly cheap, I'd say...and the food was pretty good too.  The only minor complain I've got is that our waitress didn't really use common sense when cleaning up our table.  Instead of cleaning out all the empty plates on our table, she took the only left over we had, the unagi don, into the kitchen thinking we didn't want it.  I guess she didn't hear us clearly when we asked her to pack that for us.  Well, to make up for her mistake, she did offer to make a new order for us to take home.  It was nice of her, but we didn't want to wait so we left it at that.
3	Shuseki is in the bottom corner of a two story Asian strip mall. Once inside, it is pretty large, with booths, tables, and only a small sushi bar of about 7 chairs. The night I went, there was one young sushi chef named Gagyou. actually, that is his Japanese name. His real name is He You, and he is from Tianjin, China. But he did live in Osaka, Japan for a year and worked for Panasonic. He came to LV  because his dad was here. He studied sushi making for a year from the Japanese chef who was here and returned to Japan. Turns out not only He You is Chinese, but so is the owner of Shuseki. This revelation explains some things. They do have Japanese style wood menus on the wall, and other Japanese influences and touches. They had 2 young Japanese waitresses that were fluent, but didn't quite act Japanese on first impression. But when it comes to the Sushi, it was definitely not Japanese in preparation, quality or feel. It was reasonably fresh for being in the desert, but not that great. He You sliced the fish improperly too thin, and the rice ball was too small to be considered good sushi. He You is fluent in Japanese, having studied it since he was 10, and speaks to the waitresses in Japanese. He just wasn't taught sushi making well, and I owe that to the Chinese ownership, not his Japanese sensei. Nothing against Chinese owners, but sometimes the game is how little they can get by with and make money, instead of how much they can build up a business into a success. The nigiri was reasonable, with the average price being about $4. The Hiyayakko (cold tofu) was prepared and seasoned well with daikon (white raddish), negi (green onion) and katsuyoboshi (dried Bonita fish flakes). Shuseki is worth a try, but not the best to be found. Still, compared to the prices of the sushi at the MGM Grand, it's a good deal.
5	Shuseki is a formidable alternative to Ichiza, if you dislike large obnoxious crowds. I eat here about twice a week, and I have no intention of stopping anytime soon. They have a small crew of sweet, polite, fluent Japanese-speaking waitstaff, composed mostly of females. When we go there, they seat us promptly, and if you go often enough (like we do) they remember your preferences. For example, we always order green tea and water, and my boyfriend dislikes ginger and miso soup. They always remember this, after about the third time they didn't ask anymore. I appreciate the ambiance, it's low-key and somewhat earthy. I like that the girls who work there shuffle their own iPods on the stereo. It is changing all the time, and mostly Japanese, but I like that.Sharing dishes is encouraged, and the entrees are pretty big. Sushi is exceptionally fresh for being in the desert. I love the mochi ice cream and the bathrooms are always clean.
4	I agree that Shuseki is a good option if Ichiza is too crowded.  Though I am only basing this on 3 trips and having only tried the tempura udon noodles, chicken katsu curry and the OMG roll, I was very satisfied with the eating experience.  The food is delicious, and the staff is super nice, too.Udon noodles - 1.  Perfectly cooked noodle texture on a late night snack cravings around 1030 pm.  2.  Slightly overcooked on a lunch meal around 3 pm on another day.  Overall.  The tempurature of the soup was so super hot that I burned myself the first time I ate it.  That's how noodle soups should be!  I like it!Chicken katsu curry - Can't really go too wrong with Japanese curry, right?OMG sushi roll - Inside was tempura shrimp with avocado.  Outside was a layer of tuna sashimi, deep fried onions (yes!  fried!) and a drizzle of some tangy sauce.  nom nom nom....
4	Since our little jaunt to San Diego, yakitori has been on our mind.  Seeing the sign for Shuseki for the first time, the menu fit right into what we were looking for.  Their menu offers along the similar lines of other izakayas and yakitori-type places.We tried a little of everything: (All their skewered stuff comes in an order of one.)* Takowasabi ($3.99) "raw octopus in wasabi dressing" - A slimy texture mixed in with the heat from the wasabi.  It was an interesting dish, although I can understand why others may not enjoy it.  Eaten in moderation with other food is necessary.* Torihatsu ($1.00) "chicken hearts" - I like the taste of crunchy-like texture of chicken hearts done yakitori-style.  Plus, it had a nice taste to it with a fresh squeeze of lemon and salt.* Gyutan ($2.50) "beef tongue" - Again, pretty tasty stuff.  Speckled with sesame seeds too.* Sunagimo ($1.00) "chicken gizzard" - I like the texture of chicken gizzard as well, although the Big F wasn't as impressed.  It reminded him more like liver this time, so he passed after the first piece.* Tontoro ($1.50) "pork" - Pork on skewers are just good, period.  When the fat hits the grill, it's just  brings out the flavors that only pork can provide.* Kurobuta Sausage ($1.50) - I was afraid this was going to taste like a hot dog, but it actually had a lot more flavor than a hot dog.  It was pretty good.* Yakitori Chicken ($1.50) - Nothing special about this, tasted like chicken with teriyaki sauce.  It was probably they least enjoyed out of all we ate.* Buta Kakuni ($4.99) "stewed pork belly" - Fatty chunks of pork belly stewed in a soy sauce concoction along with a hard-boiled egg.  You should probably order some white rice with this dish 'cuz of the strong taste.  (The Big F said my version at home was a lot better.)* Sashimi Salad ($7.99) - Their sashimi salad was a combo of raw seafood that included kani, ebi, maguro, tako, masago, seared albacore and saba on a bed of field greens, cucumbers and daikon.  The sauce they used was pretty good, although I could always do without the imitation crab meat.  There might have been some other fish in there as well.They have a bunch of other dishes that range from your basic sushi rolls to unique dishes (sea snails with kimchee sauce, bang bang chicken, simmered guts in miso) and ramen bowls (which we noticed other diners gorging on).  They have a lot of seating room, and a few tables in the back for sitting on pillows.Like other yelpers said, it's not a bad alternative to Ichiza.  They even sell Honey Toast for $6.50!  We definitely would like to go back and order a few other things off their menu.(Pics posted!)
3	If you have patience, this place isn't too bad. Ramen is good. Be sure to order the honey toast for dessert. However, it took another 20 min to come out.
3	In honor of today's ROTD , i convinced my daughter and sis to join me for dinner at Shuseki.  Overall, I liked it.  with limited exception, I tried everything Teri had except the takowasabi and the sashimi salad.  Did try one of the spicy ramen bowls - really liked the broth - the noodles, hmmm, can you say, TOP RAMENsadly, had to knock it down one star because the salmon sashimi my daughter ordered was partially frozen !   Admittedly, i tried to convince her to avoid the sushi since my sense was this is not a place to go for the sushi.should also knock it down a slight notch because the bacon wrapped asparagus was a disappointment ( raku is on a totally different level with this dish )  It feels like a larger version of  Ichiza - larger place and larger menu.  It's worth a 2nd visit to try some of the other items.
4	"Yummy food- nagasaki chandpon, steamed clams with sake + butter, yakisoba and yakiudon were great. very flavorful and affordable"
4	Couldn't get same day reservations at Ichiza, so hit up Shuseki again.This time we didn't go all out, but did have a few bites:* Ankimo "Monkfish liver" ($7.99) - I love this stuff, the creaminess of the liver is just divine on the tongue!* Okura Ika "Okra and Squid" ($3.99) - I like when squid is cut up in strips, and the okra gives a bit of slime feature on the bottom of the dish.  * Shishamo "Grilled Shishamo" ($5.99)* Agedashi Tofu "Deep-fried Tofu" ($4.99)* Tontoro "pork" ($1.50) - We ordered three skewers so we each could have one. * Buta Kakuni "Stewed Pork Belly" ($4.99)* Sushi Rice Bowl topped with Salmon and Salmon Roe ($10.99)Service was slacking...they were just so busy and couldn't handle the flow of customers.  The place was packed despite it being a weekday night.  Nearby tables were left waiting a long time just to get the check.  It was a good thing we were too busy enjoying the company to really notice that much.3.5 stars for this visit.(Pics posted!)
4	I am constantly surprised at the great restaurants I keep finding in Las Vegas.  Just when I think I have found all the good ones...!Shuseki (none too modest of a name!) is an Izakaya (tapas if you will) type restaurant.  However, you can also get entrees and even noodles.  Being as that I was here for lunch, I opted for the ramen.  Since most places are pretty bad at doing ramen, my expectations were a little low.  Actually, I was impressed.  They overcooked the noodle a degree or so, but otherwise the soup stock was good.  I had the korean bbq style, which was a bit unorthodox, but was nicely filling with a shoyu base soup.  I also tasted the miso based, which was just fine.  The best part is that the gyoza appetizer was $2.95 for 6 pieces.  Most places have gotten into the habit of charging up to $7 for the same.  Tsk, tsk.Interestingly enough, though owned by Japanese, the waitress here was not (Chinese, I believe).  So, do not necessary roll in and bust out your Japanese language skills.Naturally, this place would be in direct competition with another LV izakaya favorite, Ichiza.  Unfortunately, I cannot comment on this because I was there for lunch and did not have the izakaya menu.Judging from the ramen, I would say that this place will do nicely.During the day, this place is pretty empty, so there is only one waitress and probably one cook.  With only three parties in there, the service was actually kind of slow.  Not a big deal, but good to know if you are in a hurry.Shuseki is tucked away in the corner of the first floor of the strip mall, so keep an eye out for it.  I did not even realize it was there until this visit there, though I had been in the plaza several times before.
3	I still prefer Ichiza or Raku after dining here. This place is not bad but not as good as the hype it has been getting from some reviewers. The portions are a bit small and you do not get as much value for your money, if you ask me. It is authentic in preparation and taste. The problem I have with Japanese food is that the more you eat it. The more it tastes the same. The lunch specials they have is not really a good deal. The experience was quite nice and I  would probably visit again one day.
3	I agree that Shuseki is a good option if Ichiza is too crowded.  Though I am only basing this on 3 trips and having only tried the tempura udon noodles, chicken katsu curry and the OMG roll, I was very satisfied with the eating experience.  The food is decent, and the staff is nice enough.1.  Udon noodles - 1.  Perfectly cooked noodle texture on a late night snack cravings around 1030 pm.  2.  Slightly overcooked on a lunch meal around 3 pm on another day.  Overall.  The tempurature of the soup was so super hot that I burned myself the first time I ate it.  That's how noodle soups should be!  I like it!2.  Chicken katsu curry - Can't really go too wrong with Japanese curry, right?  hmmmm.. went back and it actually be subpar3.  OMG sushi roll - Inside was tempura shrimp with avocado.  Outside was a layer of tuna sashimi, deep fried onions (yes!  fried!) and a drizzle of some tangy sauce.  nom nom nom....4.  gyoza is juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside5.  Omellete rice is decent but could be better6.  beef tongue has potential7.  deep fried squid is a winner8.  their honey toast has a more syrupy taste, but it's not a bad trade off compared to ichiza.  some of my friends do not like the more syrupy taste.p.s.  Raku is just in a class of it's own.  No comparison...
4	Love this place. I used to eat at Fuji Ichiban in Japan and on Guam, so when I moved out here I was looking for the same great ramen place.  After trying a few places in Vegas, stumbling across this place was a great find.  It's like stepping into Japan when you walk through the doors.  Great service, great food, and worth the trip.Their menu is typical Japanese, both written on the walls and then the picture menu for the American people.  I always order their jellyfish salad, karage, tonkatsu ramen, and tempuras.  YUMMY.  Coming from Japan and Guam, this ramen reminds me of Fuji all the way.You have to eat here when you have time late at night and are craving some Japanese flair.  Give it a try--it will definitely be worth your while.
5	Great sushi and sake. Nice hole in the wall in the heart of Chinatown. If Ichiza is packed, this is the next stop
5	If you want great Japanese food off the strip, come to Shuseki. I've only been here twice but we always get different things from the menu. They have everything from sushi/sashimi, fried rice, udon, ramen, bento boxes, rolls...you name it, they probably have it (well not everything but close to it). From what all my friends have ordered from here, no one's ever complained. In addition, you can tell they serve authentic Japanese food since they have those special menus items just in Japanese (hint hint...and their entire staff is Japanese). Tired of overpriced food on the Vegas strip...then stop on by to Shuseki for a treat.
5	pros... great place to have some tasty japanese food while in las vegas.  this is a traditional little japanese restaurant in a strip mall.  got here purely by luck, my group was looking for some sushi and we just happened to be in the "chinatown" area of las vegas.   and just noticed the sign which struck me as typically japanese in writing style.the inside is very nice, family run restaurant.  nothing fancy but neat, clean and presentable.  we were seated on a long table with a bench along the wall and chairs opposite it.  and any place which has food items written in the native (non-english) is alright by me.  the food was tasty and had a lot of choices: ramen (noodle soup), don-buri (some meat over rice), sushi, yakitori (grilled meat on a stick), and the small little plates kinda of like japanese dim sum, but more to be eaten with beer or alcohol.  they also had some unusual dishes such as, omurice, omelette over rice, and okinomiyaki, japanese style pancake.  their alcohol selection is also very nice, with a choice of beer, shochu, chu-hi, and sake as well.  all in all a very complete menu. me my buddy henry got all the yakitoris, about 8 varieties, there was also a nice selection of ramen.  my wife ordered the shoyu or soy sauce broth, which had a nice soup base and had 3 slices of cha-shu pork as well as a bevy of bamboo shoots, bean sprouts, green onions, and a sheet of nori (red laver, kelp).  my buddy the wyster got the tantan noodles, which were hot and spicy, chopped meat with soybean paste and lots of chili peppers.  my other buddies, mike and shay, ordered the sushi, which was great.  they have some pretty unique rolls and a lot of deep fried makis as well.  all in all the food was very delicious and came out pretty fast.  so if you are looking for some japanese food in las vegas and you are around chinatown, come to this place, you will not be dissapointed. and they are open until 2 a.m. every night, or is that morning?cons... parking is tight, and not too many spaces for the size of the mall, but i think there was more underneath or behind the mall.  oh the bathroom was clean but the toilet in the men's bathroom was missing the top of the commode, so when you flush it you get a little spurt of water, funny but interesting.
5	Somehow when we're in Vegas, my dad's GPS always leads us to this joint. It's a small, traditional Japanese restaurant in Chinatown that serves everything from sushi and ramen to Japanese-style omelettes. Their menu is extensive, especially at dinner. My family went twice during our recent three-day stay in Vegas and we were not disappointed. If you're looking to take a break from the craziness of the strip and just enjoy a nice meal, this is the place. I tried the niku-udon (beef w/ thick noodles) and it was flavorful and delicious.
4	Extensive menu, good food, priced alright, pretty authentic. Did I forget anything? Oh yes, it's a good alternative to Ichiza. Not as hip but it is cheaper and at least as good if not better..
5	This probably has the most authentic atmosphere of any Japanese restaurant I've been to in American, I'm not talking about the US "Asian Fusion" atmosphere that most $50+ places on the strip will have, it's like stepping through the doors and landing in a Kabuki-cho side street.  Well not quite, but as close as you can get without flying over the pacific.There is a wide variety of food on the menu and more on the wall that you'll be unable to read, if you feel adventurous ask the staff to choose their favorite choice off a nearby wall.  Best bet is if you see somebody eat something that looks good, tell the waitress to bring you one too.This place is best if you go with a handful of friends, order a round of Sapporo, each order a different dish, and share it around; I recommend anything fried on a stick (a variety of yakitori and kushiyaki).  Keep the food and drinks coming till you're full.It's worth making time to divert from the strip to come to Shuseki for dinner while you're in Las Vegas.
4	For me this place has now won my lunch business over Ichiza! They have the entire menu available for lunch (Ichiza only has a small menu of 15 or so items), and honestly it's bigger and to me had a better atmopshere. Additionally the service was WAY better.. no comparison. I have yet to try this place for dinner.We tried the pork ramen, fried rice, gyoza, and a rice ball. All were excellent and prices were on par if not a little cheaper than Ichiza. The "burnt" rice ball was the highlight, the gyoza filling was probably the biggest let down (not much flavor). I loved the picture menu and I look forward to trying more.
2	They need more help in service !!!!  I've been here maybe 5 or 6 times over the course of a few years.  Most of the times were because of Ichiza being too long of a wait or forgetting to make reservations there.  This particular night a friend wanted to go , so I agreed, hoping to see a new and improved place.  Wrong !       We went on a Saturday night.  The place wasn't crowded, maybe 6 tables full max.  There were two waitresses working and a guy sitting at the counter helping out whenever he wanted ( maybe owners kid ?? ) It started alright when the waitress came by and got our order.      When the food started coming , she didn't bring any plates or utensils.  We got it after waiting a few minutes when a different waitress brought another round of food.  While she was there we ordered some Kurosawa sake bottle.  During the course of our wait for the other orders , I observed, us getting the wrong plate of food, having to reorder because waitress said we didn't order a certain dish, never getting the sake ( she said they were out, blamed that other waitress who took our order was new)  , table next to us also asked for extra bowls and never got it ( had to get up and grab it themselves).              The food and prices were decent, but service was horrendous . The food kept this place from being a one star rating .  It's no wonder this place will never get the crowds like Ichiza.
3	We decided to give this place a try instead of our usual Ichiza this time around. They weren't busy at all around 7.30pm on a weeknight and we were seated immediately.Here's what we had:Vegetable tempura -- your standard tempura with dipping sauce but no grated daikon for the sauceAgedashi tofu -- again, standard, wasn't the best I've ever had, but the young man liked it well enoughButa-kimchi -- wow, hardly any kimchi at all and only about 5 pieces of buta -- but very large pieces. I like the one at Ichiza a whole lot better!Spinach in sesame dressing -- this was delicious!! I could've had 3 orders of this with rice.Grilled rice ball -- hmmm, they sure give you a huge ball but it wasn't grilled nicely -- didn't have the crunch on the outside, in fact, it was just like a regular onigiri. Nice flavor though, but I would've been happier had it been 2/3 the size and grilled more.OKAY, so this was all we ordered (2 rice balls) plus a bowl of rice and edamame, 2 glasses of beer.... our total was like over 50 bucks! I thought it was kinda pricey for what we got! I mean the portions weren't large -- except for the rice ball. I enjoyed my meal, but I think Ichiza is still my fave for izakaya style food.Service wasn't bad.3.5 stars
4	Last week my husband and I chose a random new restaurant to try, which happened to be in the same Chinatown strip mall as a few other places we like to go (Hue Thai, Penang, and Provence Bakery). The name of the Japanese restaurant is Shuseki and we were thrilled to make the discovery since from the street you wouldn't see it nestled in southwest corner of the first floor. Though the decor is unexciting and kind of tacky with amateur pictures of specials on the wall, our hostess/waitress was polite and efficient and we immediately felt comfortable. The first thing that appealed to me when we sat down was the layout of the menu, which has mini pictures of each dish so you know exactly what you're getting. I love to be adventurous in ordering, but it's always great to know you'll be spending money on something you'll enjoy. Also, because the pictures are small, it is easy enough to look at every dish so you can make your selection amongst the 179 items.Since they have a sushi bar we decided to order hamachi sashimi to see how fresh their fish was. The sashimi ($7.99 for 5 pieces) was not the best I'd ever had, but it was certainly fresh and had a subtle but good flavor. The rolls all looked pretty drab and mainstream, so we decided against ordering any of them, even though the prices were reasonable. After the sashimi we had two dishes prepared in a way I had previously thought was only done at Raku, the authentic and superb Japanese restaurant down the street. These were what I like to call "Japanese tapas," or mini items that are cooked on a robata grill. We had the Bacon and Asparagus (#64, $1.50) and the Korobuta Sausage (#67, $1.50), both of which were excellent and a terrific value. Though the selection of items like these isn't as wide as it is at Raku, the prices are lower and the quality is comparable.The real show stopper of the meal was the Spicy Pork Miso Ramen soup (#151, $7.99). This soup was so richly flavored and delicious (yet still light) that we found it nearly impossible to put down our spoons. The spicy ground pork, miso, and ample sprinkling of sesame seeds enhanced the broth tremendously, and the bean sprouts, scallions, and coddled egg gave added texture. The noodles added another dimension, and were fresh and chewy (not at all overcooked). Ramen noodles are wheat based noodles, which I personally prefer to rice noodles because they can stand up to the temperature of a big bowl of hot soup for a longer period of time. In my opinion, they also taste better. This soup was the best I've had in a long time, and ranks up there in comfort with my mom's chicken matzo ball soup. Unlike Jewish penicillin, however, this soup has some heat, which is great for clearing your nostrils of all the nasty pollen this time of year. If you are not a spice lover, they have seven other kinds of ramen to choose from, as well as four kinds of udon. I can't vouch for any of these, but based on what we had I'd be willing to try any of them.
4	I forgot to review this (but I'm forgetting ALOT of places I've eaten at before I got on Yelping). Been a few times, normally go after work as sometimes I just dont want to deal with Ichiza madness and want a quiet meal. Theres some really good stuff here and the staff is sweet. Last  few visits- okonomiyaki which is one of my fave street snacks is pretty good here and big for the price. Its like a egg pancake filled and theirs has green onion, bacon and shrimps and has a mayo sauce and takoyaki sauce and bonito flakes on it..some places go really crazy but I think I'm glad they went more basic..I've also had takoyaki, but it was a little undercooked in the middle. Have had grilled mackerel and robata skewers and all been very nice. Gotten salty fish fried rice and udon and both were alright. Corn croquettes were good but I burned my tongue! Haha. Gotten a tonkatsu oyako don too...comfort and filling. I love egg on tonkatsu...for a while as a kid I refused to eat nothing but that. Service is alright. Most late nights its pretty quiet. They're very sweet, but occasionally takes a while. Still not too shabby. Overall though this is a solid little place. Most people dont know its in that little corner, but they should.
2	The food was good and the price was average but the service was SO SLOW.  I waited over 20 minutes for a chirashi bowl.  I ordered edamame which never came.  I had to repeatedly ask for refills.  It was very negative.  Ichiza is still better.
3	The spicy pork ramen is where it's at on this one!Shuseki has been on my bookmark list for a hot minute...finally stopped in on a Friday night around 11 or so. Atmosphere is so-so, as is the service, with things coming out at different times and at a relaxed pace, be prepared to spend a little time waiting, but otherwise the servers are friendly and quick to correct mistakes.The spicy pork ramen is basically as the name describes-there is ramen, a spicy broth that is not too salty and surprisingly some of the tastiest broth I've had; a piece of slow cooked pork and a ground pork along with the standard green onions, etc. Definitely comforting and easy to eat, even with the heat from the broth. The ground pork is a fun texture and also has a slight smoky taste to it, yum.Rest of the table got some goodies too-a beef rib bowl over rice; easy, basic, but good quality and filling. We also ordered the Okonomiyaki after reading about it in a few reviews; this is one we will pass on next time. The sweet brown sauce, mayonnaise, and bonito flake were just too overwhelming to enjoy what was underneath it all.  This is a dish with STRONG flavors, so be ready!We will definitely return, for the ramen alone.
4	This place is a classic Vegas romp ~ even came back here in my high school days. The food is good, the service is super fobby, and you'll always likely see someone you know when coming here.Skip the lines of Ichiza and come here when you want quick and good Japanese food. It also doesn't hurt that it's so centralized to everything else.
5	If there was a 4.5 starts I'd drop this a notch, since they moved.The food is still good but the ambiance isn't as great as the old place.  Hopefully as the clientele and the staff settle into the new digs it can reclaim alot of it's old feeling.
5	Yelpalicious Dishes. Came to top off the night with some of my Yelpies and the BF. Suggested this place since theres small plates and big, a little something for everyone, and it's fairly quiet so we can just hang out after feeling rushed out of DCR. I was curious about their ramen so the BF and I shared the House Ramen, Omelette Rice and got two yakitori sticks: chicken heart and kurobuta sausage.Chicken Heart- Nom and nicely seasoned. Sausages were tasty with a great snap to the skin and a sticky,char to the outside...me loves.The ramen bowl was huge. Holy cow I thought it was going to be a decent portion, but not that big. If we knew, we could have happily shared this and be stuffed. We left quite a bit in the bowl, simply because it was a lot more food than we can eat.  Had sliced pork, boiled egg, seemed like sliced king mushrooms, and julienne veggies that were tempura style. This was not bad at all of a soup base, not as salty as most bases go, but a nice take..milder, but not bland. I liked all the toppings but specially appreciated the crunchy tempura veggies. The key with the veggies though is to have a small plate on the side (or ask for them on the side) and put them on there or they'll sog into the broth and are a lot better crispy. The pork is sliced thicker, not deli thin here. Oooh omelet rice how I love your simple goodness. Out of all the items most people who don't know would probably skip this, but let me tell you that other than me, you'll see a lot of Japanese kids order this late at night.  Firstly, the egg is mad fluffy and soft the way it should be, some of the best cooked egg while eating out (this includes breakfast places) . Then the rice is in a tomato base with pieces of pork and little veggie pieces like peas, corn, etc and are cooked well that the veggies and meat have a slight crunchy char to them. Then on top is a squirting of ketchup. I was full but I found myself still finishing up the little bits. It's one of those things that the wow is in how something hits that comfort spot and how something so normal can be done well instead of the bells and whistles. Everyone seemed satisfied with their food and we were able to take our time and just hang out, and talk. After our First Friday in the hot, hot, heat and our DCR rush we just needed a place to relax and not be bothered. Just a cultural note, if you're hanging out at a izakaya style place, out of respect they never hassle you to leave or bring you the check on their own accord.Many people hang out for a long while and even sit with empty plates to have a second wind of plates or dessert at this kind of place.  It's very disrespectful to assume one is done or want more food so don't think you're being slighted because they see you're done, but haven't brought you a check or asked if you want more. It's just one of those things you have to ask so they know for sure if youre done or want to order more. Speak up and you'll have a great time. This is one of those late night places I like, not because it's one of the few late night choices and/or I am inebriated enough to not care, I come because I think it's good food and has a comfortable atmosphere. Now that they have the lunch bentos, I definitely got to make a try for it.  ...though it seems that the night staff has better service by the looks of reviews and what friends tell me. Even though most times it is a 4 star kind of night here I will give them 5 stars for having grown to become a favorite by being consistent with their food (ordered some same items a few times now and each time has been right on and not ever worse than the last visit ) and friendly,  polite and attentive staff.
4	This was our third stop of the First Friday UYE. We were now down to just 5 Yelp-izzles.I wasn't that hungry so I just ordered a few small plates and an iced green tea.-Tako Wasabi - great-Steamed Clams in Sake Soup - Portion was small but so good-Gizzards and Green Beans - Tasted yummy but there were only like 2 pieces of gizzard that was chopped into tiny piecesThe place is chill. Great place to chat it up. It was packed so you don't feel bad for just hanging out for a long time after you are done eating.
3	You want something cheap and fill your belly, this is the place.  We went to Shuseki yesterday at 5pm for a snack, and my favorite dessert, honey toast, which is almost comparable to Ichiza's.  Since was not so hungry, we shared the sashimi salad and spicy miso pork ramen.  Both were quite tasty and flavorful.  The spinach and arugula was crisp and taste delicious with the light dressing.  Some of the pieces of fish taste good while others were chewy.  The noodle was cooked just right, with the broth having so much flavor.  It came in a huge bowl that got me really full with just a quarter of the bowl.When it was time to order my fav dessert, I was told that they ran out:(  booooooo...the one thing i really wanted.The seat wasn't too comfortable and the atmoshphere is very japanese mom and pop type of place. However, I would come back once in a while if I don't want to go to Ichiza.
2	I went to Shuseki today for the seond time (first time eating food). Heard from word of mouth they had really good ramen here. Being a noodle lover myself, I had to try it! Food:We ordered...Salmon Sashimi - I wasn't impressed with the quality of the salmon. Philly Roll & California Crunch Roll - Both are very similiar deep friend rolls.  I thought they were ok but didn't quite have as much CRUNCH as I thought it would be.Beef Tongue - Very flavorful.Omelette rice - I've never had this dish before and it was very tasty. It's topped with ketchup which I'm not use to eating with an asian dish but it made the dish. This dish is perfect for comfort food. Simple yet good.Shuseki House Ramen - I was excited to finally try the ramen here and was a little dissapointed. Could just be a bad night. The Shuseki ramen had a hard boiled egg, pork, shrimp, bamboo, scallions, etc. I felt that the bamboo flavor was a little over powering in the broth. Service:I thought the service tonight was horrible. It took a while to even be acknowledged when we were waiting at the entrance before we were seated. Once seated, it took several minutes again to get some service to ask a few questions about their specialties and order our beverages. The food took forever and so did the check. Oh...and I never got my extra bowl to share the ramen dish nor did I get my hot chili. =(With the good reviews that I have heard about this place, I will definitely give it another shot. They have a great selection of dishes and lots of pictures in the menu. I'm sure I can find somethin to suit my taste buds the next time.
5	This is one of my favorite Japanese restaurants.  This place has everything I could want in a Japanese restaurant small plates of food, big plates of food, sushi/ sashimi, yakitori, excellent ramen choices and Japanese melon soda.  The Tonkotsu ramen here is really good, reminds me of home.  I have eaten here many times and have excellent experiences every time.  There is such a variety of food here.  There is something for everybody whether you have more Asian or Western tastes.  A couple of my favorite things here are the Hamachi Kama and Shrimp Tempura.  Just thinking about them is making me hungry.I have not yet tried much along the lines of dessert here but I can say the Honey Toast here tremendous.  Try to save some room for desert because it is worth it. Always quick and excellent service here.  We have never had a problem.  I promise to try to take pictures.
2	Every time i come to shuseki over the past few years the food and service seems to get worse n worse.  The service here has downgraded about a mile and all of the old waitresses are gone.I ordered the chirashi bowl which was decent but didn't really amaze me.  Especially since I had oyishi's chirashi about a day ago, this bowl of fish was definitely not as appetizing. The restaurant was not packed at all but somehow the kitchen managed to stagger each dish being served by 10 min.  So imagine everyone watching 1 person eat at a time.To top off the slowness we ordered a honey toast about 15 min before everyone was about done and it took them an additional 15 to finally serve it to us.  Overall shuseki will always remain a back up option for ichiza.  Now that monta noodle house has opened, i don't really see any reason for me to come back here anymore.
5	I looooveee shuseki!    The variety is ample.  The atmosphere is casual.  My daughter loves coming here.  She loves the tamago omelet, and chicken karaage, and ume musubi (onigiri).  I love the grilled onigiri, the spicy tuna sushi, the pickled veggies, asparagus bacon.Great spot.  And open late.
2	The Skinny: the fairly good kakuni didn't make up for the overly salted pork in the ramen or a gummy pancake batter in the okonomiyaki or takoyaki (2), Service was efficient (3), Value - you can't place a value on food that just isn't that good (2).I was really excited to see the extensive menu here which included common izakaya staples, sushi, sashimi, and ramen. Maybe I ought to have held my enthusiasm until after I tasted the food.We ordered the okonomiyaki, the takoyaki, the kakuni and a bowl of their tonkotsu ramen.The tonkotsu ramen has a long way to go. The broth was too thin to really let the pork flavour shine through. The noodles were okay but nothing to shout home about. The worst thing about this bowl of ramen was the chasu - it wasn't chasu at all. It was one large slab of really oversalted pork. I grabbed for my water glass soon after taking a bite.The problem with the okonomiyaki and the takoyaki was the same because they used the same batter. The texture of the batter is too gummy and was unappetizing. Also, I think the wetness of the batter also made it hard to remain crisp on the outside because relatively soon after it came to the table, it started to become soggy.The highlight of the meal was the kakuni. The kakuni was marinated nicely in a soy/five spice concoction and was relatively tender. It could have used a little more braising but it was okay.Overall, the food did not live up to the extensive menu offerings.
5	One of my favorite places in town. If you are looking for a decently priced Japanese restaurant, this is the place to go. They have some of the best ramen in town and their sake collection is pretty decent. I recommend getting the tantanmen and the 911 roll.
4	Shuseki is a very good Japanese place that gets a bit forgotten about. Across the street from Raku and Monta, and a few blocks away from Ichiza, it's tucked away literally in the corner of a 3-story Asian plaza. Open very late, till 2am- that's always great in my book.Shuseki does lots of things, and lots of things very well. The thing that makes them great is for 1 dish I can't get elsewhere in Vegas: okonomiyaki. To call it a "savory pancake" is a great disservice, as it's so much more. Chocked full of delish items like napa cabbage, ginger, pork, squid and many other goodies- it's mixed in a pancake-like batter and griddle-cooked. Then spread with mayo, okonomiyaki sauce, bonito flakes and seaweed powder/or flakes. It sounds weird. It -looks- a bit weird. But I love it so much! I've heard rumors Ichiza has it on the "wall menu" but i've never seen it, or gotten it there. I can say that Shuseki's version is quite good. Not the best EVER, but for Vegas, really good.The ramen is decent to good, and the best one i've had there was the beef kalbi ramen. Beef was chewy, fatty and wonderful! I've had alot of fun bringing co-workers here after work (who claim they don't like Japanese food) and converting them to it, thanks to Shuseki.Atmosphere is relaxing and spacious. Service has been always prompt and polite.
2	Worst place ever! I loved this place before. But now I don't go anymore! food is not good but service is bad! We ordered cold soba but broth was warm. So we asked to make cold or change the broth. But after 5 min. they served same broth as we gave before! and that day we found cockroach: ( so I don't go anymore!
2	It had been a long while since I last ate at this place. On a previous visit, I recall trying their Japanese katsu curry and shoyu ramen. Both were decidedly mediocre, which would explain my long absence. However, my wife had read some promising reviews about Shuseki and was particularly interested in trying their takoyaki and tonkotsu ramen, so off we went. Our order consisted of kakuni don, okonomiyaki, takoyaki, and tonkotsu ramen.The kakuni was nicely marinated with five spice and soy sauce. Although it could have been braised a little longer to improve its tenderness, it was easily our favorite part of the meal. Unfortunately, it was all downhill from there.As for the tonkotsu ramen, the bland broth was far too thin and utterly devoid of the rich porky flavor that it ought to have. They used yellow ramen noodles which were nothing special. Their "chashu", if you can even call it that, was atrocious! It was a single thick and leathery-tough slab of the saltiest pork either of us have ever tasted. We both scrambled for our water glasses after taking a bite and left the rest of this hunk of meat untouched.We did not fare any better with the okonomiyaki or takoyaki. They both suffered from the same gummy and soggy batter and were completely unappetizing.While the service was okay and the prices were relatively inexpensive, Shuseki is a poor value because of the low quality of its food. I am sorely tempted to assign it 1 star, but because of its decent kakuni and mediocre katsu curry and shoyu ramen from a previous visit, I suppose it just barely merits 2 stars. Will we return? Highly doubtful.
2	I tried to come here multiple times only to find them closed early. Oh, the woes of the nocturnal... However, we finally made it! I had to call and ascertain the hours and off we went in quest of yummy Nihon-tabemono. When our crew arrived, the restaurant was empty. We had a few moments of second guessing, wondering if we found the right place, but the waitress eased our fears and seated us in a booth.Right off the bat, I ordered my favorite; Takoyaki!  I find something inherently beautiful in a skilled grill-maestro crafting crisp rounded exteriors cradling molten hot, gooey, yamaimo/nagaimo infused batter and tender chunks of tako. These rounds are then doused in japanese mayo, benishoga/red ginger and wispy bonito flakes- though toppings vary depending on the establishment.  HERE, they were crisp on the exterior and more chewy than gooey on the inside, with a few small pieces of tako suspended within. Less toppings than I'm used to seeing, more solid and perhaps a bit more overcooked. They were satisfactory, but not outstanding. After the takoyaki, we shared rounds of sushi rolls around the table. The rolls were pretty normal, Americanized rolls. Nothing particularly outstanding. We tried the; Kamikaze roll [spicy tuna inside with eel & avocado outside], a Tiger roll [shrimp tempura inside topped with spicy tuna, avocado and masago] & a Cali crunch roll [deep fried california roll topped with masago]. We finished a couple of the rolls but the cali crunch had most of it left when we departed. Meh.I ordered the Spicy Pork Miso Ramen, which was recommended by our waitress. It was  A HUGE bowl, with enough food for me to donate several bowls around the table and to share with my boyfriend. Chewy egg noodles, ground pork and a hearty, umami miso-rich broth with lots of chili oil floating on top drenched in a lake of soup. It was a flavorful broth, but not  anything to scream "YATTA!" over. There was 1/2 a hard boiled egg, which was cooked beautifully [the yolk was still creamy and custard] and one gristly, fatty, sad looking piece of pork. sono buta wa mazui deshita... :{ Better than top ramen, yes, but not particularly crave worthy.Maybe we went at a bad time of night. The tempura seemed well done, but I only had a few nibbles off the pieces my boyfriend pilfered from our friends, such as the asparagus and pepper. The vegetables seemed crispy, which is a plus.  I'd like to try other items, such as their grilled meats, okonomiyaki & sashimi menu before I completely write them off. There are a lot of Xs on the menu, and the specials weren't available while we were there. They advertise Asahi on their beer list but really only offer Sapporo.  I'll probably be back, eventually. I want to give them the benefit of the doubt because they were suggested to me by a friend who's lived in Japan. I'm hoping it was an off-night. :}
3	This restaurant has me very torn.Pros:* Everything on the menu has a picture.I personally like that because it whets my appetite and it is a fun idea for a menu.* Good food. My favorite thing to get is either the short rib bowl, ton katsu, or katsu don. If you order a bowl from the last page of their menu then you get a complimentary miso soup, which is a big plus for me. I always find that my shorts ribs are a bit on the burned side but I can live with that. BUT don't eat the sushi here. It sucks really bad :p I had the Baked Japanese Lasagna Roll and couldn't bring myself to eat it after the first piece.*Great variety.Tons of good food to choose from because of their extensive menu!*Great prices.$8.99 for a short rib bowl with tons of rice and kimchi is a fantastic price! Not to mention the free soup ^.^ Everything on their menu is very well-priced for the good-tasting food so it always has me coming back.Con: *The service =_=That would be my only big complaint. Every single time that I have been there, we were not seated or greeted immediately. Whenever anyone from our group wanted to order something extra, it seemed like the servers were never paying attention to us and it took them awhile to notice we needed a refill on our drinks. I just wish they were more aware of their surroundings and more attentive to customers seeing how it is never packed or very busy when we come in.The waitresses are nice though.
4	My favourite Japanese restaurant in town, bar none.  I love their Katsudon.  I love their grill selection.  I love eating in, and I often call in for take-away when I'm at work.  I love that they have pictures of all the items on their menu to help you figure out what something is if you don't know it.  This is VERY helpful in an ethnic restaurant, even if it's a food you are reasonably familiar with.Do NOT go if you are on a time crunch.  I don't think I've seen more than one waitress at a time every time I've gone there.  And, their English isn't the best, but they usually take the time to make sure they clarify your order.I should state, I cannot speak to their sushi selection as it is the one area of their menu I am completely unfamiliar with.  Quite frankly, in a town awash with solidly decent (and a couple horrifying) sushi joints, it is nice to find a Japanese restaurant that focuses elsewhere.
1	It's been a while since I've been here.  We came by to get some of our favorite snacks and some ramen.  We had tonkotsu ramen, vegetable tempura, shrimp tempura, karage and some sushi ( hamachi, maguro, albacore).  The tonkotsu ramen was ok.  There was a chunk of tough pork in the middle of the pot which I decided to avoid after gnawing on the first bite for a minute.The karage was a bit soggy which made me sad because that crunch is just as important as the flavor to me.Vegetable tempura was ok. I wish I could tell you about the shrimp but it never showed up.Sushi is something I am very passionate about. Sushi is a contender with my mother's fried chicken as my last meal. So as not to be too offensive, all I'm going to say about the sushi I had tonight was it was the worst I've had here.Dissapointment is bitter.
3	The bottom line: Good food, bad service.We came here around 6:00pm on a Saturday and were seated right away. Half of the tables were already full and within the next 20 minutes or so, it was a full house!I really liked how the entire menu had pictures, if only all restaurants could do the same thing! I ordered the Shoyu Ramen. It was good, but they were pretty stingy on the noodles. I wanted a light meal since I wasn't too hungry, but this bowl of ramen did not even fill me up! Also, the two pieces of pork that it came with were cut too thick, I couldn't eat most of it. My husband ordered the Chicken Katsu Curry, which I took a bite out of. Gotta love the taste of Japanese Curry - mild, a little sweet and it didn't have too many crazy ingredients in it. It was served on a huge portion of rice. Now why can't they be more generous with the noodles?Service=HorribleWe sat at our table for a loooong time without any service. After the waitress took our orders and delivered our food, she never came back! No drink refills, they didn't take our plates away, and we couldn't even order dessert! I really had my eye on trying that Honey Toast with Ice Cream! Finally after like 45 minutes of waiting, an employee stopped by our table by mistake with plates of food, and we had to quickly ask him for our bill before he zoomed off to the right table. There were even times where no employees were out on the floor. Any customer could have just walked out the door without paying. I'm surprised that a restaurant like this (good food, reasonable prices, steady business) had such bad customer service.I would like to come back and try other things on their menu, but on second thought, probably not. I mean come on, I can get better service at any buffet in Vegas!!
4	Ok, I was a little skeptical when I tried this place out. Especially when my friend's were telling me not to, but I gave it the benefit of the doubt and boy was I right. The menu looked like a vast array of interesting things, my eyes were set upon many that I didn't know what to chose. So, I did my best to think outside of the box. Our orders consisted of:- Beef Tongue Skewers - Very delicious, especially with a hint of lemon. - Chicken Gizzard Skewer - Chewy, yet interesting. Something different, but definitely yummy.- Buta Sausage - OMG! Amazing! The juices oozed out of the sausage like crazy! I wish there were more than 3 on a skewer, that's my only critic. - Japanese Pizza - Very strange, but tasty. The dough's stuffed with some kind of pancake or mochi like mix, with veggies like corn and onions, and some other greens. The flavors for this is such a mind blowing amount of flavor that I was kind of overwhelmed.- Omusoba - Yakisoba noodles with an omelette and Japanese mayo served on top. Another dish with many flavors, I couldn't pin point it. The food overall was great, I would come back again to order more off their menu. But the thing that gets me her is there service. It took them 20 mins before they could take our order, then another 45 for them to serve our order. I would give this place a 3 1/2 just cause the service was slow, but yelp doesn't give half stars.  The prices, are OK I guess.  I wouldn't consider it too expensive.  But paying $1.50 to $1.00 for a tiny skewer does seem a bit up there.
3	Shuseki is a very interesting place. Much like what other Yelpers have said, it is similar to Ichiza, only a lot more relaxed. The interior of the restaurant is decorated with different earth tones and lots of wood. It is a very calming design, until you see the menu of course. The menu contains TONS of choices with TONS of colored photos. You may think this helps in organizing your order, but for me it only made things crazier. After some hot tea and about ten minutes of menu investigation, I ordered the following: Agedashi - Nicely crisp, flash-fried tofu bathed in a deliciously light broth. I really loved the salt that the broth infused into the tofu, and would absolutely order it again. Tuna Sashimi - Very disappointing, this tasted like the tuna you may find frozen at your local Asian supermarket. The texture was a bit tough, and it was sliced way too thick, which only exaggerates the unfavorable texture. I took my two bites, and pushed the plate out of reach. Grilled Rice Ball - Good Texture, but tasted heavily like charcoal and fish. This is a result of cooking it on the same spot of the grill that some seafood was prepared minutes earlier. I didn't mind the taste, since grill + fish = mouth party, but this is not how the dish should taste. Omarice - I have been eating Korean food my whole life, and consider this dish something of a novelty. It's fried rice wrapped in an egg omelet, covered in ketchup. I'm not a ketchup fanatic, but the flavors usually compliment each other really well. Unfortunately Shuseki's was the worst I ever had. The egg was still raw, and the rice was inconsistently cooked, parts were overcooked and others not. Again, two bites and I was done with this. Chicken Skewer - No complaints, grilled wonderfully, lightly seasoned and delicious. What makes Shuseki worth the trip is the assortment of items and the value. Everything is very inexpensive, to the point that you may not believe your eyes. It is a good way to try new things, and expand your palette capital, if you follow me. I will definitely be coming back to experience more of this menu. Not a big fan of the Shuseki t-shirts for sale on the wall though. It's just a little too campy for how good this place could be.
1	Went to Shuseki for lunch on 1/3/11, as Monta was so packed, it was nearly a 45-minute wait. Wow, what a CHANGE for me.It used to be a pretty tasty place, but after this last visit, they -have- to improve ALOT for me to return. The place was decenly busy, but only one waitress for the entire place. Therefore, she was not very attentive.The food was pretty disappointing, as well. I got their tonkotsu ramen, and I guess Monta has REALLY spolied me for the good stuff. The broth was weak, and flavorless, the 2 slices of chashu were unseasoned, boiled bits of nothing.My husband ordered the katsu curry set, and whar he got was just gross and unacceptable. The curry sauce seemed from a pre-made boxed mix, and it was cold, and seperating from itself. I know that a boxed Japanese curry mix -can- be fantastic, if it's hot, and decently tended. It looked VERY unappetizing. The katsu was freshly made, tho and was decent. (so he said) The waitress seemed to avoid us, and never -once- asked how the food was. No matter, as we were running late and actually getting a fresh order just wasen't going to work that day.They -have- to step up their game, or they will loose lots more customers who have so many great places to eat in Chinatown.
4	Great sushi. Interesting mall complex. Cheap beer. Not far from strip
4	I had a craving for ramen ,decided to try shuseki based on reviews on yelp. I had the  house ramen , it had vege tempura,bamboo shoots ,hard boiled egg, carrots. The broth was very good ,but the noodles were a little over done. We had the gyoza very moist taste like made in house, and the tuna bowl, sashimi very fresh on sushi rice . Service a little slow but they had a few big party's, look like CES show attendees, loud and obnoxious.  Overall a fine dining experience can't wait to try other menu items
4	I just realized that I don't have a review of Shuseki!  Forgive me for the brevity, I can't remember all of the things I have tried here (let alone the prices)!  The sushi here is good.  I love some of the fried ones.  The Japanese Lasagna is a bit on the fatty side for me, but it tastes like heaven!  The ton ton soup is also one of my favorites here, thanks to my friend Chris.  This soup has a light spice to it, and a tasty broth.  It has egg, chicken, noodles, etc.  I suppose the flavor of the broth is what sets it apart, very good stuff.I've also liked some of the lunch specials.  The curried pork is pretty good, although I am personally not a big fan of this style of curry (kind of a thick Indian curry).  I've had several great meals here, and I have enjoyed every single one of them.  Shuseki is a must try for Japanese food lovers!
4	They did not have a mabo tofu ramen on the menu ,but they had mabo tofu, so i asked the waiter if i could have a mabo tofu ramen, he said sure they do that no problem, yeah!!.  The mabo tofu ramen was not as thick as i like ,but it was still good.  I also had the  tuna on sushi rice. It had about 6 slices of tuna pretty decent thickness. The tuna was good not great, for being in the dessert  it was good. We also had the japanese pizza concoction , oyo somthing had to try looked like a fritata with shrimp , crab, corn  and i have no idea what else  i know mayo was in it , i dont think egg was part of it.  It was intresting for a one time thing.         It is not even close to what most americans would call pizza or anybody else for that matter, not even close.  The two times ive been there on a saturday no waiting lots of seats. Service could be a little quicker, but they try.
4	We ate here twice in three days, right now it's my favorite for the sushi and mabo tofu ramen. I like the ramen at Yokohama kaigenro  better ,but the sushi was lacking.  So Shuseki has the best of both worlds for me. This last time the mabo tofu ramen was spot on, thick sauce and the flavor was awesome.  Both nights Friday and sunday about 6:30 restaurant not busy no waiting:) service was better.
3	I must be a masochist, because I always seem to get awful service, but keep going back. After a night of drinking, there is nothing better than going to the Chinatown area for food. An overwhelming craving for ramen lead my friends and I to Shuseki despite our complaints. The tantan and miso ramen are amazing. The tantan ramen is a spicy ground pork base soup with bamboo strips, bean sprouts, and half a boiled egg. The yolk is always cooked perfectly, where it is a bright and vibrant yellow. The miso is just as delicious. The broth is so good that I ignored my friend chastising me about filling up on soup and downed it.  The tonkatsudon is a great deal. A thick pork cutlet served over rice filled up my normally insatiable food partner. We also ordered the mixed tempura, which was served piping hot and crisp. It was worth it because it consisted of yellow bell pepper, pumpkin, asparagus, onion, potato, and shrimp. We also got the Japanese pizza, but it was not a big hit with our group. The benito shavings on top overwhelmed all the other flavors and by the time it came out, we were all full.The thing about Shuseki's service is that it is hit or miss. You should not expect anything to come out in any certain order. An appetizer might come out at the end of your meal and your ramen might be the first. I have to hand it to the waitress tonight. She understood that a bunch of drunk ass fools need to stay hydrated and refilled our waters in a timely manner. Makes me think that I just need to go their drunk more often.
4	I always complain about the bad customer service here, yet I keep coming back! AHH! I guess I just can't stay away from the good food here. I really do like their Ramen, Katsu Curry, and a few other items on the menu. They have reasonable prices and I like how they are open until 1 or 2 am. I would like to say that once in a while, okay, maybe once in a GREAT while, Shuseki does provide good customer service. Wait.....Say whaaaat??Yes, it usually only happens when they are not crowded, and by not crowded I mean that only 2-3 tables are occupied. Two of the servers there have actually been very attentive, refilling our drinks, asking how the food is or if we need anything else, and they will actually grab your payment and bring back your change or a charge slip to sign. Usually it is the other way around, where they bring out your drinks and food, then you don't see them again for a long time or they ignore you. A lot of times I have to walk up to the register, ask for my bill, and pay right there. I just discovered that they have good lunch specials as well. You can get a ramen and your choice of a rice ball (which is pretty huge) for the price of just the ramen, which is always $7.99 in my case. I'll probably be back again next week!
4	I have to agree with everyone else about the LACK of CUSTOMER SERVICE they have here.Buuuuuuuuuuut.. the food is so good yummyyummynomnomnomnommmm lol. If i were to review this place solely on food i would give it a 5! The Cold Tan Tan Noodles are the best!! And the prices are pretty good too... Also delicious is the Tonkatsu, Beef Bowl, Teppan Steak, Korokke
4	I go there for the Ramen and the Katsu don, they are both very good (especially the tan tan ramen) flavor and consistency is great, only thing negative i can say about that place is the wait staff is busier checking their iphones and texting then trying to give service to the patrons.as long as you can make past that you are on your way to some amazing RAMEN!!!
4	Im happy to report that the service was good on our trip.  There werent many customers, but we got a nice girl that was fast and nice.  The ramen bowls are HUGE, seriously, most people could share one and be OK with an appetizer.  I will def go again for the ramen, just seemed like a good deal
4	Cold wintry night, the wind is blowing, what could be better than a little sushi and ramen? Ah, but were to go for ramen in Vegas? Shuseki is very good place to start. The Kamikaze roll, one of my favorites, is eel and avocado on top spicy tuna, the flavors are very fresh and delight the tongue. Then a big bowl of Tan tan mien which is spicy pork miso ramen. The warmth of the broth goes deep inside, to da bone! And then the kicker is the spicy pork, um good. Been here a few times and everytime, very good service and consistent flavors. Will continue to come back for sure.
5	I love this place. We go at least once a week. My favorite is pan fried vegtables, also the kimchi fried rice, and butter corn.
3	Last night was my first time here. I felt kind of lost since the menu was extensive, but I was sooo curious at how big the portions were compared to their prices.I ended up getting a Spicy Tuna Roll (really felt like having some sushi, I suppose) and shrimp fried rice that I split with my brother. The rice was pretty good and spicy tuna is spicy tuan so yeah.We had a party of 9 so we got charged the 18% gratuity. It took us a LONG time to get our checks and to get the hell out of there. I was pretty tired at the time so I felt a bit grumpy about having to wait so long.I probably wouldn't really come back here unless friends decided to.
5	This place is a gem.  It has a HUGE menu and a wonderfully authentic atmosphere (note: Japanese menu on strips of paper posted to the wall).  Service is above average and waitstaff is friendly.  I really like the way the booths are arranged and it is great for parties because you can take over little sections and not bother other patrons!What to order:  Okonomiyaki.  I don't care what you like.  They make some amazing f'ing okonomiyaki.  It is SO HARD to find this at a restaurant, and it's even HARDER to find it made well.  I am like THIS CLOSE to leaving work and ordering some RIGHT NOW because it is THAT good.  I don't care that it takes 15-20 minutes to cook (which they kindly warn you about), it's still awesome.My friends almost always order ramen bowls and they always seem satisfied with them.  Every time I think about it, I remember how good the okonomiyaki is and never order one.  Sorry!...but not really.  om nom nomAlso: Eel bowl!  I ordered this when I was on a diet (read: viciously pulled away from my okonomiyaki goodness) and it was good AND cheap!  And it came with miso soup.  There is no downside to this.
4	This place is really a hidden find in Las Vegas.  Just a stones throw away from the strip it serves up pretty authentic Japanese dishes and is open late (which I love!!!!!!)  After eating here I was shocked at how empty it was.  Perhaps it is too close in radius to Ichiza, but the food was really good!  Had the Katsu don which came out in a large bowl with a nice serving of katsu and plenty of rice.  We also ordered the fried bean sprouts and croquets to share among our party.  Fried bean sprouts were actually very tasty.  First time I've ever had something like that.  One of my friends had the mabo ramen he said he liked it but it was a little too salty.  Waitress would rather talk to friends than take our order though.  However once we ordered everything came out rather quickly.  Would definitely go here to escape the crowds of the strip or ichiza.  Never eat on the strip when visiting Las Vegas.  Its better to find a hole in the wall joint like shuseki!  Would come back here!
2	I really want to give this place one star, but this was my first visit, and it may have just been a bad night.  Also, my date enjoyed her food, so it was mainly me looking at my plate like it bit me.The service was quick at first, then as we got our order, they disappeared to talk to a single guy at the bar.  Water was never refilled, we were ignored unless they were bringing the next part of our order.Their Korokke (Potato Croquettes) were ok, but nothing special.  I also tried an order of the kara-age, and it was the only thing I had that night that I enjoyed.Since I wanted to try a bit of everything, I tried the tonkotsu ramen, the gyoza, and the okonomiyaki.The ramen was the worst bowl of noodles I've ever had.  Instant noodles would have blown this out of the water.The gyoza was the only time in my life I've turned down a plate of potstickers.  They were obviously pre-made and frozen, poorly cooked, and probably expired.  They tasted like rubber.Okonomiyaki was half decent, but was trying to be too much.  Keep your okonomiyaki simple, don't throw in everything you have in the kitchen.  It was also far too thick, and a little under-done in the middle.I'm normally not one to complain like this.  I tend to only review out of happiness, but I was so disappointed with the food I had to post this.
2	Service is alright, hate that they close 3-5pm, & one order of sushi takes like half an hour. Not worth it.
5	This place was everything we hoped for and more!  We spent 8 years in Japan and this is a great piece of 'home', with a real Izakaya feel there were 5 of us and we ordered lots of food and had it family style the way it's meant to be.  Sushi was great, fried rice, fried shrimp, katsu-don (made the Mr's mouth water and it didn't disappoint) some skillet steak (for the unadventurous one) and all I can think is I can't wait till we go back.  SOON
3	This isn't exaggerating - service sucked balls all but 1 time that I've been there. Guessing that was only because the guy who cooks (the owner?) helped us instead of the awful Japanese waitresses. They probably just hired them because they speak Japanese regardless of experience but I've seen the same ones working for over 2 years. They've never gotten any better. Shuseki's food is great, its my fav place for ramen because of their variety. Love tan tan and the karubi ramen. Lol had to say karubi out loud to realize they were phonetically spelling kalbi spoken w a Japanese accent. I continue to go back despite the bad service but here was the worst experience I've had with them. My friend and I both ordered ramen, he got his within 10 min and I sat and waited for mine. Waited 15 additional minutes till I flagged her over and asked about my food. She gave me a blank look said she'll check on it. My friend shared some of his while we waited for another 10-15 min and I just gave up and told her cancel it and bring us the check. Mind you there were only 3 other tables of people, so the kitchen and waitress werent at all busy. When she brought the check, she apologized and said - don't leave tip. No worries honey, you weren't getting one anyway. No explanation as to wtf happened, but I left there pretty pissed and with good reason. So like I said great food, just walk in there w incredibly low expectations for service. And stay on her @ss if things don't come out right away.
4	Went there today and what can I say, it's bomb! As always.Shuseki is a nice location because it's not too overly crowded or a squeezed tuna can venue like some other restaurants I've been at Spring Mountain.  Plus parking is so easy, I never have to circle around trying to find a space.The food is great and all, but one thing that sticks out to me, that almost EVERY restaurant seems to get wrong, are the menus.  Not Shuseki, though, their menu is perfect! I mean every single dish in their menu has some sort of picture or visual.  I love it! Now we don't have to deal with any messy translations or foreign dish titles we aren't familiar with (like how would you explain what Natto is without a picture? Fermented stringy Japanese beans.  Doesn't sound very appetizing, does it?)I had the Karaage, Ten Ten Ramen, Philadelphia Roll (my fav), and some fried rice.  So good.  I would say that the ramen was a pinch too salty, but it could just be me.  Prices are off the CHAIN, it only came out to about $20.  I just love it when I eat good food with a good price value (yes I'm cheap).  The only tiny detail that left me from giving it a full five stars is that they were out of too many selections.  If you see on the menu there's a number of "OUT" or "Not Available" foods, and the Shisamo (Grilled Smelt Fish) that I ordered, the waitress returned only to tell me they were out.  :( :(Still, service is off the chain, location is nice, parking is swell, and food price and quality is yummy.PROS: Food, Service, Parking are all good! Lots of food varietyCONS: Out of some food selections
4	Shuseki is a very authentic Japanese restaurant located in the corner of the smaller china town plaza just off Spring Mt. and Decatur. The first impression you get when you walk in is one of authenticity and culture for this place is decorated very old fashion Japanese style. There are mostly wooden booths in this restaurant with high backrests and mats for seating. The servers greet you with traditional greetings upon walking in and they even bow their heads. They will also bring you complimentary hot green tea upon request, which to me is a lot better than water. As for their menu, it is rather extensive. They carry bento boxes, to finger foods and sushi rolls. If you've never tried their udon, you're missing out. Their shrimp tempura udon is my absolute favorite. The broth is sweet and smells of onions and shrimp. It has seaweed, fish cakes and two large tempura shrimp in it. The shrimp is chewy on the inside with a crunchy exterior. When soaked in the broth, it makes the flavors irresistible. You must try it with their Japanese chili pepper. It will add a mild spice to your soup that gives you the perfect amount of heat mixed with sweet. The broth taste almost similar to the tempura sauce you get when you order it alone, but less concentrated. Another thing that is amazing there would be their whole grilled squid. It is grilled with ginger on the side and marinated with sweet soy. It is topped with scallions and literally taste like butter when you bite in. The squid tastes best with their sweet mayonnaise. I like putting the ginger into the mayo and dipping the squid in it. Its crunchy to the bite yet melts in your mouth...This makes my mouth water every time.The price range for both of this is about $6.95 and pretty much everything on their menu is just as cheap. Now if you don't want to spend so much, then get their mapo tofu with rice. It is an appetizer dish and is only $5. The tofu is made with minced pork in a sort of gravy consistency. However, it is so spicy, so beware. If you eat it with rice, the combination will perfectly balance itself out.Overall, I definitely recommend Shuseki to anyone who wants Japanese food with quality Japanese hospitality and service.
3	I have never actually had the sushi here, but everything I've tried is pretty good.  I had the short rib beef noodles and it was very delicious.  It felt like I was at a Japanese family's home eating some noodles.  I also had several other things that tasted good as well.  I love the fact that it's a Japanese restaurant that is not just sushi, and not very very expensive either.  I had the cucumber soda here and it was very very good.  They apparently sell it at stores but I've never had it until this time.  Kind of pricey though.The service was average every time I've been there.  It's definitely a place where locals like hanging out.  Something very regular and that I'm used to.  I'd come here again even if it's not the best Japanese food I've ever had.
4	i'm being held captive. strapped into the passenger seat of a car careening up the 15 fwy at 117mph. behind the wheel, a Persian with a lit cigarette bouncing off of his bottom lip, while he babbles on and on about how he knows what he's doing. im not convinced.in record time, me and a few buddies make it to Sin City, Las Vegas. our goal? to have 3 days, and two nights of debauchery that none of us ever talk about again. thats right...a Bachelor Party.did i mention its 107 degrees outside? and that its freaking 10PM!! im going to spare you the details of most of our exploits. well, those that i can remember. let me set the scene; its 4pm on Saturday and the boys and i are sitting in our hotel room staring at the TV with lifeless eyes. we just woke up from a 2 hour nap, and are slowly gathering our senses. out of nowhere, the Groom to be blurts "i could go for some Ramen..hey Mike, do you know any Ramen Joints around here?" after questioning the mental state of my good friend, for asking about a hot soup, in freaking Las Vegas. i remind myself that this is his bachelors weekend, and therefore he gets whatever he wants. so, onto Las Vegas Yelp i went, and thats where i found Shuseki.We found the joint with little trouble, and found quick parking. from the outside, the size of this place is a bit deceiving. it looks small, but is very big inside. our party of 7 got sat right away, by a very nice lady with a thick Japanese accent. after surveying the vast menu, the 7 of us made our selections. i opted for the Tonkatsu Ramen, and the groom got the TanTan Ramen. all the guys ordered different stuff and agreed to share. after a short while, our food began to make its way out of the kitchen. my Ramen arrived in a rather large, tank-like, bowl. the broth was decent, and the noodles had a good consistency. i had a sip of the grooms TenTen Ramen, and enjoyed the slight spicy-ness it offered. i sampled Sushi, Tempura, and a concoction called a "Japanese Pizza". all of it was tasty, and everyone was happy.Thank you, Yelp, for helping me look like a hero to my bro's. hang-overs alleviated, and the groom re-vitalized, we gladly tipped the service heavily, and made our way back to the strip. from there, its all pretty much a blur...thats my story, and im sticking to it.
3	Did a quick Yelp search and decided to try this place out-For an appetizer I wanted to order the Creamy crab croquette but sadly that item was crossed out with a black marker so the waitress suggested Takoyaki (Fried Octopus Balls) - she said everyone orders that so I felt  peer pressured and I ordered that. I love most seafood and I can really enjoy me some Octopus however, this dish was too fishy tasting for me. The batter for the balls was good but when you got to the octopus it was just too tough to eat. Good octopus is chewy but still tender at the same time. On top of the Takoyaki was sprinkled fish flakes which just added to the strong fishy taste. Too bad though cause I really wanted to enjoy this dish.....We also got Bento Boxes - mine consisted of Ginger Pork,rice,salad,croquette, a small piece of daikon and miso soup. The BF's had all that but Chicken Teriyaki instead of the Ginger Pork.The Ginger Pork was tasty but too soupy-maybe if it was a bit drier- I love daikon and I wish places would serve more of it as a side dish- The sauce for the Chicken Teriyaki was good. I was disappointed with the salad dressing - it was just Italian-No No No, when I go to a Japanese Rest. I want some good Japanese Dressing not Italian. I could go to my nearest pizza place or even McDonalds for Italian Salad Dressing.The croquette was a pleasant surprise!!!!  **I LOVE CROQUETTE**I did like the layout of the menu-everything had a picture-good menuAnyhow, it was OK - nothing special to me - I would try other stuff here though if I get the chance too......
4	After 3 days without a car and roaming the 5 star casinos, we all decided we could use a break from the Strip.  Japanese seemed like the perfect food to detox with.  We headed deep into Chinatown and it took a few tries to finally find a Japanese restaurant.  We ended up ordering an assortment of rolls - though the tiny pictures in the menu don't do them justice.We had the dragon roll, sexy roll and OMG roll - all were quite tasty and the prices were equally refreshing.  The fish was fresh, portions were generous and service was friendly.
5	I live for their beef udon.  I'm always tempted to try something else, but it lures me in EVERY TIME.  They have great sushi and their other dishes are just as excellent as the udon...but I CAN'T HELP IT.  I GET IT EVERY TIME.  I'm incorrigible, I admit it.They have this one really cute waitress there.  She has the daintiest voice I've ever heard and her smile makes her look just like an anime character.  She's my fave...and the guy with orangey hair.  He's legit.  He reminds me of Jet Li for some reason.  I always feel like if a fight were to go down, he'd be jumping over the booths and knockin mofos out with bamboo sticks.I only venture to the restroom when I really really have to.  That hallway scares me...reminds me of a scene from The Grudge and I'm just waiting for that little cat boy to be lurking near by.The decor is super tacky.  They taped what I think is the menu in Japanese on the walls and they're not all that straight.  Really anal retentive people must lose their minds staring at it.  But I ain't there for the aesthetics, I'm only there for one thing.  $8.99 BEEF UDON.
5	This place, BY FAR, has the best ramen in town. Monta doesn't even come close to matching Shuseki. I've tried all of the ramen and udon there and the broth is always perfect (not salty like montas), the noodles are bouncy and perfectly cooked, and it always comes out piping hot! I agree with Charlie L. that their beef udon is amazing. Simple but done so well.Some of my other favorites there is the Saba (grilled fish), the Agedashi Tofu (fried tofu- it's very light and silky), and any of their tempura items!This place is a must-go if you're looking for high-quality Japanese food at a good price! Plus their open late!
4	Been here a few times now and it is turning in to one of my favorite Japanese restaurants. I just love everything about this place.So let's start with what matters: THE FOOD. Well, of course by now you should know I already think it's great. Ramen is superb, sushi is fresh, selection is GREAT, their menu is very user-friendly (they have small pics of each numbered dish), AND it is one of the few places I have come to find that serves OKONOMIYAKI -- one of my favorites. Service is always very friendly and courteous, though sometimes a liiiitle slow (and it's not busy) . I have never seen it busy in here so that's good for no wait time for a table and the establishment is fairly large so it's nice and roomy. The dim lighting is nice and intimate so it makes for a great date setting or a night out with friends.What can I say? I just love this place. (Quadruple points for the okonomiyaki).
2	Went here based on reviews, at about 3:00pm and it was pretty empty. Ordered the Kalbi ramen lunch special. As we waited various different  groups of people arrived and in total there were about 20 people scattered amongst the seating area. We waited and waited and waited for our food, everyone around us gets their food and after about 1 hr and 15min I receive my food. I get it and it is a half order of ramen and 6 pieces of gyoza... Barely puts a dent in my stomach but I am afraid to order anything else because if I did I might as well order dinner since it will take so long. How long does it take to make a ramen order? The broth is already made, the noodle just have to be warmed in boiling water, and the Kalbi doesn't take much to cook and throw in soup????The ramen noodles are pretty good but the broth was average and the Kalbi was tough and rubbery. Gyoza was average, no better or worse than the frozen ones at the grocery store.
4	So after a search for Curry Noodles in Las Vegas, I finally found a place!Not only was the entire staff Japanese when I came... all the customers were too!  That has to be a good sign!Pros:  * Not over-crowded like some restaurants in C - town area (Ichiza-Ahem)* Decently priced* Portions were generous* $1.00 items !  wowza!* inviting atmosphere* Spacious seating (no one is in your personal bubble)Cons:*  Extra menu items were on the wall in Japanese! Specials??  Help?*  Slow service* No WiFi.. Boo!!!Ordered:Curry Ramen -  This was seriously amazing!  I'm craving it now !Chicken Gizzard - came on a skewer.. only a $1.00  Verdict: Considering there are only a handful of places that serve Curry Ramen in Vegas (at least to my knowledge), this was definitely one of the best.  I had no complaints.  The curry wasn't too overpowering, the portions were huge, and the pieces of beef in the soup was extremely tender.  I love it!  I'd definitely come here again.  Why not a 5-star?  Well, the service was a bit on the slow side, but aside from that... everything else was an ace! (No they do not have ayce and yes they do have sushi if you were wondering).Tips:*  Try the Ramen Soup  ( I hear they all their soups are really good)*  Look out for those dollar deals on the menu.  I promise they are there.*  Ask about the specials on the wall... then let me know what its about.* Come hungry
2	The only thing I like is the salmon onigiri.  Wide selection of noodle soups.  Doesn't make me wanna spend money on soups that I can make better at home. Sushi hmm...don't think it's fresh.
3	This place is hidden and not an easy place to find if you didn't know better.  My husband and I are craving a good bowl of ramen and had to try this place.  They have many to choose from along with some sushi rolls.  Tonight we had the Kamikaze roll eel and avocado on top spicy tuna inside.  This was made fresh and brought out set down on the table and I knew by looking it was going to be good,  I enjoyed it, I think my husband had a couple of bites, but, it's my favorite for sure.  Then I tried the Tan tan mien spicy pork miso ramen, served piping hot and smelling good.  I enjoyed this as well.  This place is excellent.  A little slow at service, but worth the wait.
4	This establishment has a very laid back feel and at times too laid back. It reminds me of a place that my friends and I would go to and sober up after an awesome night of partying. Although their curry ramen and skewers are true highlights, the service was glaringly slow and at times we could not enjoy our food because we didn't have drink refills. I felt that my table of five people were not attended to as well as we should have been and we had to signal our server multiple times to get their attention. On a more positive note, Shuseki's menu boasts other must try items such as their plum wine, deep fried oysters, and fresh garlic tuna salad. (^_~) seating is a bit more different when you get further back in the establishment & it's very reminiscent of some of the restaurants I've visited in Japan.
3	Okay so my last review I gave this place a 4 star.  Since then, I've probably returned here about 2 times the service is significantly going down hill.  Yes, I keep coming... I just can't stay away from their Curry Ramen.  It's bowl of amazing, but seriously pay attention to your customers!  We were literally sitting there for 20 minutes just looking at the server (hoping this was enough of a cue that we were ready for our check).  Unfortunately, that wasn't a good enough sign because they looked at us then looked away and started talking to one another while leaning on the wall.  Our 2nd attempt, I pushed out bowls out of the way and towards the edge of the table.  That too was a fail when it came to getting service.  Finally, I just decided to go up to the kitchen and asked for the bill.  I was trying to be patient since I saw another server give their table the check (and I didn't want to physically wave them down), but yeah I gave up after awhile.  Overall, great food and not-so-great service.
2	I've come here many times. And every time i always get treated coldly because the staff seems kinda racist towards hispanics. Terrible communication, didn't like coming to our table. And i saw all the mexicans in the back. This place isn't authentic. but the foods pretty good.
4	Roomy restaurant, comfortable vibe, nice and quiet.I ordered the spicy pork ramen, and let me tell you, it was actually spicy! They give a generous amount of ramen and soup. It is by far the best ramen that I've had at a Japanese restaurant. The noodles weren't too soft and they weren't too hard. The soup was super hot so you know that this is the good stuff. The sushi rolls looked great, but I wasn't in the mood for sushi.The customer service was fine, and we had to walk up to pay, but that wasn't a big deal.
3	Oh...the line is too long at Monta during lunch....I guess I'll head over to Shuseki...because there's always a table waiting for us there!This is a similar concept to Ichiza, but with more ramen and sushi options.  I can only rate this for the izakaya items and ramen, since I haven't tried the sushi.  Pros: 1. Large bowls of ramen2. 1/2 orders of ramen available3. Pretty tasty takoyaki and chicken karaage4. Lunch specials (1/2 ramen+gyoza or fried rice)Cons:1. The noodles are somewhat overcooked and often the tempura elements in the soup are already completely soggy when they arrive at your table....2. Soup is slightly bland (the tan tan (spicy) ramen is tastier than the house ramen)3. Takoyaki is missing the dancing bonito flakes on top....one element that is essential to legit takoyaki in my opinion.  I don't know if I would choose to come here, but my co-workers don't like waiting for a table...so we end up here.   Service is quick, since there generally are not too many diners in the restaurant.  I'd say the better bets are Ichiza (but they have a limited lunch menu...so wait for dinner) or tough it out in the Monta line since it moves pretty quickly.
4	I am reviewing Shuseki based on only one item on their menu, the ramen.  I come here for the ramen and the ramen only.  And what can I say?  It's really pretty darn good and while it isn't staffed entirely by Japanese, it does feel a bit authentic.  Decent Japanese selection, "Nama" drink options, and stuff like Utada playing in the background lets me close my eyes and pretend I'm back in Japan again.  Not bad!
4	I come here for their katsu curry rice bowl. It's by far my most favourite item on the menu, served in a large bowl too so it'd help if you're hungry. Their servers are very friendly, full of smiles and the restaurant has a pretty good ambiance to it, pipe-in j-pop and a classy touch to their decor. 2 thumbs up!
3	Pretty good Japanese foodFood: I know when you think of Japanese food you think of sushi, but if you didn't know this place recently started serving sushi. When they first opened they didn't serve sushi. WOW right ya know.. lol I used to order their Karubi ramen till I found monta. So I go here for the gyudon and Mabu tofu, I love both dishes. The Gyudon also comes with miso soup. Sushi: The sushi here isn't very good, its pretty dry & not fresh at allDrinks: I love the japanese drinks, I always get melon ramune & my boyfriend enjoys the straw berry ramune. They used to serve the glass bottles now they only serve the can drinks. Service: The service is okay, the girls are sweet but getting their attention to order or to get your check is a mission!
1	First of all the service was BAD!It took 15 minutes to take the drink order. After 30 minutes I received my 1 roll of sushi that was questionably fresh, and after 45 minutes I gave up on the 2 ramen soups I ordered. They are 5 times bigger than Monta but only had 2 servers. I don't care how good this food is supposed to be I'd never refer anyone to this place, let alone come back.
2	Honestly, their food is good but they never listen to me when I order. Well, not carefully I guess. The service is quick to refill drinks and check on us, but everytime I order any dish I ask if there's meat and they tell me what's in it. When I order a Japanese rice omelette with no pork, that's what I expect. Even when I order yakisoba noodles with no fish or seafood or whatever, I expect the same. Each time I went there to order these items, I always get a boat-load of fish flakes and pork. Maybe I shoud stop inconveniencing every restaurant by being a stupid vegetarian. Seriously though, I'm saving them money by using less ingredients. If there is a next time that I go there, I'm only sticking to drinks and onigiri.
4	I hate sushi, so I can't tell you about their sushi selection. I went with a friend on a Vegas friend's recommendation. It was very good. I'm not very familiar with Japanese food, but the waitress was very nice and helped me choose a dish. I had the spareribs as an appetizer - they were slightly chewy, as expected, but very tasty. Our meals were quickly delivered at the appropriate temperature, and tasted really good. It felt authentic, not like one of those fake Japanese places that cater to tourists from the Midwest.
4	Been here now a few times and each time the service seems to have improved, they are quicker to get to the table for you order and the food comes out faster.  The menu is quite extensive with many plates, bowls, sushi, tempura and ramen to choose from.  By far the spicy pork ramen is my favorite.  It's not too spicy, with good size pieces of pork and vegetables.  I also love the kamikaze roll.  It's bite size pieces are perfectly prepared, the combination of eel, spicy tuna and avocado with cucumber is truly delicious. Overall, the quality is good and the service is better.
3	Okay I guess. I expected more than was delivered. For so few customers service could have been more attentive. Meat tough for my taste. Not the best lunch special in China Town available
4	It's late one Tuesday night in Vegas. GF and I was craving Japanese food. Izakayas are the best places for those late night cravings. They're cozy and offer good food and drinks. You can also be loud and no one would care.On a chilly Tuesday night, we thought the place was closed. However it was just dead. There wasn't a single customer the whole time we were there. That means priority service! Whoo Hoo!We ended up ordering several dishes but all I remember was the one I ordered that night. Curry over rice and udon is common usually but I've rarely seen curry over ramen. So that caught my eye.A bowl of ramen topped with beef curry. Included are the usual potatoes and carrots. It was thick, flavorful, and filling. A bowl of ramen that got me stuffed without the extra noodles. I was impressed.Can't complain about the service because we were the only ones. It was quick!
3	Ordered to-go. The breaded pork cutlet tasted ok but the texture seemed like it was defrosted n over cooked?? Too much rice in bowl. The soft shell crab roll was good though but too big diameter-wise.
5	Why do people still go to Ichiza when they can come here instead? This place is four times bigger than Ichiza, so you don't have to wait 45 minutes for a seat.  The menu isn't written in Kanji on the back of pieces of cereal boxes and scotch taped all over the walls. The seats are padded and comfortable unlike Ichiza who has wooden benches for chairs. This place doesn't smell like a public restroom like Ichiza does. And best of all, you don't have a psycho old man working here. Why not come to SHUSEKI instead?I walked by here and saw a sign that read Rauman instead of Ramen. It could have been a spelling error, or it could have meant that this place serves Yokohama style Rauman(a Chinese influenced variation which no other place in Las Vegas has).  I decided to gamble and walked in. I looked at the menu, and noticed that it literally had over 200 items on it.  I immediately noticed that they had Tan Tan Men. That's an extremely rare Chinese dish which is unrealistically popular in Japan! I've been to every famous Ramen house on the Westcoast, and there might have been only about 8-10 restaurants that serves authentic style Tan Tan Men. So the fact they had it here is a big deal for me! I decided to order the Tan Tan Men, Miso Rauman, and Karage Chicken. You might think that's a lot of food for one person, but because my body fat is less than 4% and I run anywhere from 8-15 miles a day, my body literally never gets full. When the Miso Rauman came, I couldn't believe how big the bowl was. I thought Anime Ramen had gigantic portions, but this place was actually maybe 20% larger than Anime's bowl which is already double the size of Monta and Sora.  Yes, this is a gigantic bowl of Ramen!!  I immediately tasted the broth and I couldn't believe it. Yes, it really is a Yokohama Style Rauman. FINALLY! Finally, they have Yokohama style Ramen in Las Vegas. They got a Sapporo style(Sora), a Tokyo style(Monta), and a fusion style(Anime), and now finally a Yokohama style. Ironically, Shin-Yokohama is the city where they have the world famous Ramen Museum. I heard it's like being in a chocolate factory, but with Ramen instead.  They use rib meat for charsiu here. Why hasn't anyone else ever thought of that? I still think that Sora and most Sapporo style Ramen houses have the best tasting charsiu, but the uniqueness of using rib meat made this Ramen very enjoyable. Off course Monta has the worst charsiu, they cook it ahead of time, keep it cold in a refrigerator, then while it's still cold they just drop it into your Ramen and serve. SHUSEKI, Sora, Anime, and Yagyu all have far superior charsiu to the overrated Monta. The Ramen also comes with egg, corn, large portions of bamboo, bean sprouts, ground pork, shredded onions, and extremely straight noodles. Yokohama Chinatown Dan Dan noodles are always straight and so pure white that they are almost transparent. The Tan Tan Men was just as good as what I used to get at the restaurants that were operated by ethnically Chinese residents of Japan.  Of course it could never compare to the extra thick Tan Tan Men of Chin Ma-Ya in Little Toyko, but it was still the best thing on the menu and of course the best Tan Tan Men in LV.  Also, remember that Yokohama has possibly the largest Chinatown in Japan. So the vast majority of Yokohama Ramen-Yas are going to be Chinese variations. The honey toast here is far better than Ichiza's and it's actually taller and they give more ice cream. It's only like 6 bucks too!The Karage Chicken was perfect.  It came plain with no dipping sauce. They use dark meat, and give you a slice of lemon. The meat was very juicy and tender. You know, everyone always says that Monta is the best Ramen house in Las Vegas, and Monta has these fanatic fan boys that give 1-star ratings to all of the competing Ramen houses. Last time I was at Monta, I overheard a boyfriend and girlfriend talking about how they never ate at Anime Ramen but gave the place 1-star, and made up a fake review all because it was Monta's rival. So, Monta does have a psychotic fanbase. But, let me tell you: Monta is far from having the best Ramen in LV. Places like Yagyu, Anime, Sora, and even SHUSEKI have a far superior style of Ramen.   While I was leaving, I spoke with one of the owners who is an ethnically Chinese man who was born and raised in the Tokyo area. He informed me that he ran a restaurant in Japan for over 15 years before coming to Las Vegas. We Las Vegas Ramen fans are very privileged to have a restaurant in town that serves the cuisine of the Chinese immigrants of Japan. These places are very hard to come by. BTW, he also said he might start serving a variation of jajangmyeon in the future. 5-Stars, and one of my top 10 favorite restaurants in LV
4	This restaurant is nooked in that small corner by the parking garage of the Pacific Asian Plaza. It's one of my favorite spots to go to! I love their food here, and to me it's always been the best udon noodle soup I've eaten (unless someone can show me a place that offers a better bowl). I always order the beef udon soup here, and occasionally their kimchee fried rice with is also delicious! Prices usually range in the $5-10.00 group for their dishes so it's actually a fairly decent price if you're going out late at night with friends or for a date.I guess I find their space appealing only because it's bigger than Ichiza or Tratorria Nakamura-Ya. Obviously, those restaurants are built to have a small place like they do in Japan, but Shuseki's space is alittle bigger, and less busier. Which I love! I don't have to talk over other customers! I don't have to wait so long for service, and there's just so much space to...ah...breathe. So if you're looking for a place to eat with a group with an intent to have a decent conversation that you can carry I'd suggest this spot. I think it could be intimate with their booths that they offer, and the quiet atmosphere. However, be warned. The decor is slightly tacky with their red walls and cheaply done as it seems, but I PROMISE, if you're date isn't too high maintenance and is just looking for a place to talk and eat, it's a good go and a thumbs up for me (trust. i went on a date there once, and it was a good date)
5	I had the Katsu-don and it was amazing. I had mine to go, so I can not speak to the dine-in service, but they were very accommodating wile we waited. I would highly recommend Shuseki!
4	I love this ramen place! My family and I have been coming here at least once every vegas trip since we found this place. The prices are super cheap and the portions are massive for the price! They have a huge selection of sashimi/rolls, ramen/udon, and a lot of bento box dishes as well for lunch. The service is excellent as well. They are quick and checked up on us periodically without coming back too much. My favories here are the sexy roll and spicy miso ramen. The other ramen selections are yummy too! I recommend the canton ramen and the tonkatsu ramen. Delicious!
4	They have very good ramen.  The best honey toast.  Kinda out of the way and tucked back in the corner.  It is a larger restaurant.  No waiting usually.  Worth the trip for sure.  Good place to go with larger parties.
3	I'm really not sure how I stand with Shuseki.It's a crazy relationship. One minute I'm in love, the next I'm like "What was I thinking?" There's some items on the menu that are good, and others that need improvement. Even my friends and family members that have tried Shuseki feel the same- they don't hate it, but they don't love it either. Perhaps I'm just eating the wrong dishes.Chicken Katsu Curry Rice- Pretty good. The rice is fluffy and sticky, the curry sauce is overflowing and flavorful. Not the best Japanese curry I've had in Vegas, but definitely in the top 5.Shrimp Tempura Udon- The dish that I order the most often from Shuseki. You can't really go wrong with an udon soup dish on a cold night, the broth is delicious and really fills you up.Takoyaki- Your standard Takyoaki with Japanese mayonnaise and fish flakes. Definitely fulfills my Takoyaki cravings whenever they occur.Korokke(Croquette)- One of their better appetizers. Always crunchy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside. Spicy Tonkatsu Ramen- Not a fan of Shuseki's ramen. I've tried most of their ramen dishes, and the Spicy Tonkatsu Ramen is the one that disappointed me the most. It's flavored with chili oil that separates itself from the broth, the broth itself is bland and watery, and ramen noodles overcooked. The bowl only looks huge, but it is mostly filled with soup rather than noodles and pork. Yaki Udon- Again, a dish that falls flat on flavor and content. Flavor is OK, tastes like something I could have made at home. I like my noodle dishes with more noodles than meat or vegetables. This one has more bean sprouts than noodles!Sushi- Some rolls are better than others, but you don't really come to Shuseki for sushi. For the price that you're paying, you can find fresher/better quality fish at restaurants that do specialize in sushi. Service is decent for a Chinatown restaurant. It never truly gets crowded (meaning I've never seen more than half of the tables full), but when a few tables do come in at the same time, I've noticed that the one waiter or waitress on duty gets overwhelmed at times and rarely gets back-up. Prices are decent, the lunch specials and bento boxes are pretty good deals. Shuseki is a good alternative to a late-night meal when you're tired of eating steak and eggs or pho.
4	I can't believe I haven't made a review on this place yet, since I've been going here for six years now. The one thing I love about this place is their affordable prices for a Japanese restaurant. I know it's a hit or miss for some people but not once was I ever disappointed in any of the dishes. I'm pretty sure I've ordered 90% off their menu throughout the years. I know that the owners aren't Japanese but I see Japanese customers come here all the time so that's telling me "if it's good enough for them, then it's definitely good enough for me." So I don't know why some are making it a big deal if they're not Japanese owned *shrugs* I admit the service can be really slow, especially when they only have one server on a busy night but they've always been friendly and they always check up on you. I just found out that they now have restaurant.com coupons for Shuseki and I'm a little worried. Restaurants use that website either: if they're new and need a little help promoting their new business, or old restaurants use it when they need help boosting their slowly dying business. I really hope it's not the latter, because it's definitely not the former. I guess I'll have to eat here once a week just in case *knocks on wood* this place is going downhill :(
2	I haven't been there for long time. Two of us went there to eat ramen noodles.They used to serve good noodles, but both noodles(different kind)had little taste at this time.I might go back there for other dishes,but I don't think I will try ramen again.
3	Shuseki really deserves a follow up from me at a later time. Buddies and I decided on this place due to some people being on budgets and it being closer to midnight. In fact we arrived half an hour before closing so i kind of question if they rushed some of the prep work in some of our food.Can't exactly remember what i ordered but there was a lot of skewers. Honestly the skewers at Kyara are seasoned a little nicer and grilled to perfection. Skewers here were quickly grilled and dusted with salt and pepper on one side and the other side bare. Not sure if this is due to it being closer to closing time.Service was real good and wasnt pushy to get us out so they can clean up and go home which is nice of them.
3	The food is really, really delicious here. I was very satisfied with it. However, our server was horrible. He forgot my friends orders and he got it wrong as well. It took so long for someone to give us menus as well. We had to ask for water because they didn't bother to stop by to see if we needed a refill or not. Also, they took away the soy sauce, salt, and pepper even thought we were not finished using it. It was close to closing so it wasn't even busy, yet they still took forever to get our checks. The food is good, but is it really worth it when the service is horrible?
4	My best friend and I frequent this restaurant often. We are HOOKED on their omurice. As a person who doesn't enjoy eggs, I was skeptical about eating rice wrapped inside of an omelet. After the first bite, it was game over- I can't say I don't enjoy eggs anymore considering we both come back to Shuseki like fiends! The other dishes that we've tried were the katsu curry, Japenese lasagna, a couple of the ramen and udon bowls. I love that they're open til late (which was awesome when you're shift ends at 11pm) and the service there is pretty on point! (I love Jennifer and Ryan) The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is that I think its weird that they have Christmas decorations all year long and because there was an incident when part of the ceiling fell down.. they've fixed that though!
5	Yeah..I am one of them easily offended Japanese guys who is overly sensitive and gets disgusted when people order Ramen the wrong way. In Japan there is actually a proper protocol to order Ramen that has existed for thousands of years. Click on this link here to see the traditional Japanese way to order Ramen.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwGql-FyXjE&feature=youtu.beNot long ago my Dad told me a story about how he went to Ichiza to eat because everyone kept telling him it was "authentic Japanese food". Immediately when he walked in, the crazy old man ran up to him and said something to him in Japanese. Even though my Dad is 100% Japanese, he does not speak the language since his family came to America in the 1800s. So, my Dad was like: "what the f*ck are you trying to say to me?". And then the  old man informed him that he could only eat for 40 minutes and then have to leave... but he did not say this to any of the "western" customers. I didn't believe this story when my Dad told it to me because I thought it was exaggerated. My Dad tends to talk a lot of sh!t on people and pick fights so I assumed the old man had to have asked him to leave on account of his bad behavior. Well, in the last 2 months I had a conversation with my favorite Japanese sushi chef and he told me the exact same story. The old man had singled him out for being Japanese and given him a time limit. This makes me believe that Ichiza is trying to market themselves towards "western" customers, and they really don't wanna see our faces there anymore. You won't get sh!t like that at SHUSEKI.   I have probably eaten at SHUSEKI more time then I have eaten at Fukumimi, Monta, Sora, and Anime all combined. Mainly because they are happy to  stay open when I show up after midnight. I work 12-16 hour days and usually SHUSEKI is the only Ramen-Ya still open after 11PM. We all hate how Japanese businesses usually close very early....but, SHUSEKI is actually owned and operated by an ethnically Chinese resident of Japan, so he is willing to allow his business to open later.  When you walk into SHUSEKI, you will most likely recognize a person eating here who works for another Japanese Restaurant.  The evil old man from Ichiza frequents this place. The girls at INABA can be seen here. The legendary Hiro-San(the former fugu sushi chef who is semi-retired and working at Sushi on Rainbow now) can also be found here and he actually tells me that this is his favorite Ramen-Ya.  So, it does tend to be popular amongst the LV Japanese community even though they see it as a Chinese restaurant. Because this place is operated by an ethnically Chinese man who was born and raised in Japan, it's gonna have Tan Tan Men on the menu. The Tan Tan Men here at SHUSEKI is more of a Chinese style with a miso broth.  At Los Angeles Ramen-Yas they would actually have this on the menu as "Tan Tan Style Ramen" instead of Tan Tan Men. Well, I guess due to some of the negative comments by yelpers, the cook here at SHUSEKI has decided to modify the Tan Tan Men a bit.  I'm a little disappointed because some days I'm actually in the mood for a more traditional Chinese variation. I like the service here.  Ryan is my personal favorite worker. If he is working, he will make sure you get your ramen the way you want it. For example, Ryan can actually get the cooks to make me a bowl of Ramen that is so spicy that I just can't finish it. Last time he made me a Spicy Miso that was hotter than Orochon's. He also can get the cook to make the noodles more firm or soft depending on your preferences.  The girls who work the late night shift are really nice, but tend to be on the super shy side. Unfortunately, only Jen and Ryan speak perfect English and it's difficult to communicate with the other workers. My recommendation is to get the Tan Tan Ramen with a side of Karage and Gyoza. Why? Because I command you to do so...
4	this is usually my ramen place since they have good prices. all the employees are friendly and attentive. ive brought my employees here many times and theyve all liked it a lot. they have a good selection on their menu. i always get their saba (grilled mackerel) when i go and its always cooked very well. ive never had their sushi though.
4	This is a solid restaurant choice.  It is tucked Very good ramen.  Excellent honey toast (when baked fresh).
4	I've been coming to shuseki for a while now. No complaints on the food and the service is a little on the slower side when it is busy. Well, it is a little slow when it is busy and when you're in a small party. If you have a big party I would probably steer clear of this place. Horrible service when you're in a big group and when it is fairly busy. But something keeps bringing me back. Otherwise the food is okay. I would defnitely prefer this place over Ichiza. Usually no wait to get seated and the food comes out fairly quick. I usually get the katsu curry but I have tried most of the things on the menu. Although the atomosphere feels kind of tacky to me but if you don't care about that stuff and just want a good meal then this is the place to go.
3	After eating at Shuseki a few times, you can say that I really wanted to like this place. Shuseki is easily a popular go-to joint for all on a budget during after hours for the 24hr Vegas... the city that does not sleep, literally! First of all, this 'Japanese' restaurant is definitely more Chinese influenced. How I could tell? All the servers were Chinese. Which isn't a reason to judge on the restaurant because their service was actually, surprisingly good. Great hospitality. However, this review will be based on the food. For example: Soft shell crab- was fried in heaps of breadcrumbs. Authentic Japanese soft shell crab is NOT fried with breadcrumbs. The sushi........ tastes exactly like the ones you buy from Asian Groceries like Greenland. Tastes too 'artificial' for me. If you had given me Shuseki's sushi and an already packaged sushi from the grocery store I would not have been able to tell the difference. My husband, however, loves the sushi there and I am completely baffled.  Last but not least- the Pork Tonkotsu Ramen concludes my last visit to Shuseki. On this particular night, I ordered Tonkotsu Ramen (to try something different in hopes of a better rating for this restaurant) but was disappointed. Tonkotsu means "pork bone broth" in Japanese. This broth was far off. The broth had a very distinctive, unpleasant "fishy" smell... the kind that is almost foul. I'm not sure what kind of broth they used for this "pork" tonkotsu but it certainly was not meat. I'm guessing tuna broth.. but completely off. The only thing 'great' about this ramen is the 2 slices of pork chashu the size of your little finger. Now I'm the type of person that would just try to eat or finish something even if it isn't the way I thought it would be. Why waste food? But I just couldn't bring myself to eat this because the smell itself was too overwhelming. Quite frankly, I wanted to throw up after every bite. I kindly asked the server why this tonkotsu smelt and tasted foul and fishy: he simply responded that it was just how all tonkotsu is made and that it was "Japanese style." This particular server didn't bother to examine it, or smell it, or offer me something else. At 1am, this is what I should have expected, I thought. Now I'm a big tonkotsu fan who has tasted all sorts of tonkotsu from all over the world. Shuseki's Tonkotsu is by far the worst ramen I have ever had in my life.  Rated this restaurant 3/5 stars because despite my experiences with the food, it is a good place to go to if you are hungry and it's late and you're craving for some Japanese... Shuseki would be an easy option.
3	I like to come here every once in a while because the food is very cheap, they give you a lot (a-typical of real Japanese restaurants that are not ramen houses), and it is really good. Not the best japanese food but definitely, definitely worth the price. I even stop by once in a while just to eat their tempura ice cream (yuuummmy!). Quality has definitely gone down in the last year or so but I can't really complain too much, it's still worth trying and eating at. You still get more than you pay for. The only thing that really bothers me is that about a year ago there were two separate occasions where me and my girlfriends had a roach crawl over the banister and almost got on the table. Now, I'm a tomboy. Love taratulas, lizzards, pet rats, etc. I rarely squeal in fright, but I am an absolute pansy when it comes to roaches and I especially do not like seeing them in restaurants that I eat at. I have not seen anymore since then, so I am not sure if it was just a temporary problem, but even just thinking of it give me the chills. I hate roaches that much.All in all, the price will get you more than you pay for and is still tasty. Though I have had a couple roach sighting over a year ago I have never gotten any food poisoning or an upset stomach to indicate that the place is not safe to eat. Enjoy!
4	izikaya in vegas.  it has pretty much the same menu as ichiza with triple the space.   my husband liked how there were pictures with the menu.  i just wish they actually used honey on the honey toast and not just pancake syrup (my husband was a fan though)  at least there's usually no wait! :)
3	Normally I try to find some star item or experience at a place, but Shuseki really doesn't have one.  I've come in and out of here for quite some number of years. Back in the day it used to be tiny, way cheaper, and [I think] more delicious. In the past few years it really expanded and improved the interior. The menu got massive, and oddly less people came in.Anyway, again, it's not really good for any one particular item. Everything is just food that happens to be [most likely] Japanese. Ramen is ramen. Soba is soba. I will say, though, some of their sushi rolls (like the Tiger Roll) are surprisingly well made and tasty. However, they're expensive and not really worth going to Shuseki specifically for.It's a Japanese place, with Japanese food. Done and done.
1	This restaurant was very difficult to find.  It was located before you enter the parking garage of the Pacific Asian Plaza on W Spring Mountain Road/S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas.  Even when I entered the restaurant, I wasn't sure I was in Shuseki.  The name wasn't on the menu, only on the chopsticks.I placed the Restaurant,com coupon on the table before I ordered, The menu was full of photos.  There were quite a few Korean appetizers on the menu.  I ordered the Potstickers and the Small Assorted Sashimi.The server leaned over the 3 foot tall wooden banister to deliver a glass of water and 2 small dishes rather than walking around the banister.Within 10 minutes of walking in, the server leaned over the banister again to put the Small Assorted Sashimi on my table.  There were 3 slices of salmon, 3 slices of hamachi, and 3 slices of tuna on a bed of shredded daikon on a plate.  The tuna was artificially colored red.  The hamachi had some pieces of skin on it.I saw the sushi chef sit down at the bar and watch the basketball game after he cut my fish.  There was a school-age girl wandering around the restaurant.  She was playing with a plastic cup behind a glass partition.The server leaned over the banister again and delivered the Potstickers.  There were 6 potstickers on a plate.  No garnish.  No dipping sauce.  Eating the potstickers was like biting into a Xiao Long Bao dumpling.  There was so much liquid/grease in each bite.I asked the server for the check.  The Restaurant,com coupon was still on the table.  She cleared the table without taking the coupon.  She returned with the bill.  Just as I suspected, the discount was not taken off.  She recalculated the bill, crossed out the total, and told me the tip was already included.  No where on this coupon did it say an 18% gratuity would be added.  That was the icing on the cake.Very rarely have I given a restaurant only one star in over 200 reviews I have written.  I will not be back!
5	My wife and friends and I love Shuseki!Whenever we would have friends come visit us in Las Vegas, we would always head out to Shuseki for late night dinner.  It was usually what our friends were looking forward to doing when they came out.The menu is written in Japanese so it's a good thing they have pictures for every item.  We always ended up getting the same things every time so we got used to order them.  Definitely order the potato croquettes, they are one of my favorites, and just be adventurous.  The items on the menu are usually pretty cheap so we would order a ton of food family style for the table and just have the server start bringing it out as it was ready.The service is probably the worst part of Shuseki.  It's really hard to get your drink refilled and the servers are usually running around so much that it's hard to get their attention for anything.  If you really need something, you have to really have to flag somebody down.  That said though, I love Shuseki and will continue going there whenever I head back to Las Vegas to visit.
2	I came with a friend and a Restaurant.com gift certificate for $10. I was pretty excited to come here because I rarely eat Asian cuisines. Usually I am a pho person and nothing more, unless it's sushi, which sometimes in the good 'ol U. S. of A. you can't really even consider the type of sushi served actual sushi per Japanese standards. With the being said, launch into my review.Food - My friend and I shared the Octopus Balls and the Poki. Immediately I was overtaken by the saltiness of the poki dish. Just too much. Octopus balls were a nice treat and actually had a decent amount of meat in themBoth my friend and I ordered the Tan Tan Men Ramen. This was my first time having ramen. I thought it was decent. The noodles were good, but it wasn't too spicy to me anyway, until I happened to get a bit of the broth in my eye. Yes, go me. Broth in the eye. Overall the taste was not totally satisfactory, but I don't have much to go off of. I believe now I will branch out and try some ramen elsewhere, just to see how Shuseki's stacks up.Service - Meh, meh, meh. Although our server arrived to our table quickly to take our orders and bring food he was non-existent for most of the time. My water glass sat unfilled for quite awhile while I was really wanting some water. My Restaurant.com GC was met with some speculation when we were ready to pay our bill. I was just getting ready for a confrontation, but then the server whisked away my debit card and the GC. When he came back he had charged my debit card an additional $4.43 for "included tip" which I was not told would be included. Um, what? We were only a part of two. Pretty sure the "tip included" part came because we had used the gift certificate. If it's the restaurant's policy to include tip along with gift certificate's they should include that on the GC. But my GC said nothing of a tip being included and I've used Restaurant.com quite a bit and I have never had this happen to me before.The $4.43 tip was annoying and the fact that they did not bother to tell me I would be charged a tip prior to running my card was even more annoying. It is not okay to charge someone more just because you feel like it and especially if there is nowhere on the menu, in the restaurant, or on my GC that says I will be charged.Considering I *was* going to leave a tip for $5 the server got shorted. I'm guessing the restaurant does this because they might assume people who use gift certificates may leave poor tips. I am not one of those people and I think it's poor business to assume everyone who comes through your door are cheap-asses. Also, if Shuseki put out the gift certificates they are obviously trying to get business in the door. Unfortunately for them and their assumptions regarding myself - I will not be back.
3	I like this place, but its not in my favorites of restaurants to go. Shuseki serves Japanese dishes, known for its ramen bowls, and a assortment of other foods that include sushi, and seafood in general. Although it is a 'Japanese' restaurant, its owned by a Chinese man raised in Japan (I believe) who speaks mandarin.Shuseki is hardly ever a busy place, so its actually an ideal spot to chill out where its quiet. Every time I have been to Shuseki there is at most 2-4 other tables. Otherwise, what keeps this place afloat is the regulars who come here and elder groups of Japanese men who frequent at night.Service is average here is kind of slow, the servers could do a better job of circulating around the tables and pay attention more. You're better off paying at the counter than asking for your bill! However, they are polite and informative if you have questions about the menu.To make up for the slow servers, at least the food comes out in a good amount of time!Fish here can be a hit or miss, so be weary when you order sushi or sashimi of any kind. Best time to get the fresh fish from them is actually during lunch time.The ramen they offer here is actually decent. But its sometimes a hit and miss again with the ramen.Overall I like the calm atmosphere and affordable prices here.This might not be an ideal place for you if you're expecting a lot...
5	Never a disappointment here!
3	Well first things first. I went in with my family and we were waiting at the door for pretty much five minutes. Not a waitress in sight and two customers at a table. We were all so confused! We started to seat ourselves and the sushi chef was in sight but he didn't budge to look up at us. At some point I raised my voice and asked if they were open. Quickly a Chinese waitress came over to us and asked what we wanted to drink... No apology needed.The food on the other hand was delicious. I got the niku udon. And mmmhmm that's some good food. Highly recommend it. Also my cousin commented on a certain smell that lingered. Kinda like cat urine... Just so you guys know.
4	Service is way shady if you are dining in, it just always seems like they are ignoring you. How ever, I love them for their food which is really good. They make my second favorite kimchi fried rice, are one of the only places that have really great tempura ice cream and they have honey toast on their menu! ( haven't tried their honey toast, but i heard it is to die for, and therefore it is next on my list to try )
3	This restaurant is ok, a little way off the strip on Spring Mountain road. Shuseki serves a little of everything, from ramen, to rich, and to sushi. I've tried a little of everything and there's some good dishes and some average dishes. What i found good were some of their ramen, Tender meat, good tasting broth, also their okonomiyaki was very tasty. I always order myself the Tempura, can't go wrong with the tempura.What i found average or below average was some of their fish, Out of my experience it wasn't too fresh, but it definitely wasn't old either, Crispy on the top on the outside, and soggy on the bottom, it was probably sitting there while the other orders of ours were cooking so the priority of what was supposed to be cooked was wrong.Service is slow, and me a 3 friends were the only ones there. We didn't get followed up once, unless we asked, like more water or extra napkins. Our waitress sat down eating her food after serving us.The food is Average to below average, Service is sloppy, not too good in my book, but i'll still come back
5	Can't beat the $8.99 Lunch special with a bowl of Ramen and side of Riceand short ribs. Comes with a few pieces of kimchee too! Always a chill local vibe inside. Never feel rushed
4	Okonomiyaki.  It is famous in Osaka. We need to have sometime.
5	This is really my favorite Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas.  Always open late, for that late Japanese craving.  Excellent ramen and donburi's.  Sushi is excellent and fine and friendly service.  Parking easily accessible.
3	We had just finished at Mr. Tofu and looking for a massage... but first: More dranks! We stopped in here and just sat at the sushi bar and had some cold sake. It was good and the peeps were cool. If and when I ever eat here, I will obviously update this review!
4	Was craving ramen on a chilly November night.  My 1st choice was Monta Ramen but there was a line outside the door so I headed to Shuseki and I'm glad I did.  It was a Friday night and there was no line to wait in.  I was promptly seated and placed my order soon after.  The  wait staff was very courteous and attentive.  The atmosphere was very relaxed and comfortable .  I ordered the shoyu ramen with a six piece side order of gyoza and a dish of spinach with a sesame topping.  It was very tasy and there was a generous portion of sliced pork in the ramen.  I definitely  recommend this place and will come here again on my next visit to Vegas.
4	I love this place. Pretty big, awesome customer service. And AMAZING food. It was in a little corner and God they definitely deserve more business. Love that place. I go every once in a whole, the variety on the menu is almost endless. There were a couple mess ups but none the less, great food
5	I love Shuseki! This is my favorite Japanese restaurant. Definitely reminds me of my mothers cooking  Service is awesome everything on the menu is a great price and I have never had a bad experience eating here and I have been eating here for years.
4	Love this place!  My fam and I never have to wait to be seated unlike Ichiza which can take foreverrrr. Customer service is alright and the food is bomb. What's helpful about their menu is the fact that it actually have a picture of the food and the name written underneath so you can get a little preview of what you want!My favorites from their menu are their beef udon, tontoro and tuna tataki. Oh and their sushi is always served fresh! :)
4	I've been going to Shuseki for years now and always enjoy there for the lunch specials. You get a lot of food for a really good price. My favorite dishes are the beef bowl and their ramen lunch. They have a wide variety of food, from tapas style to sushi to various rice dishes and soups. I consider many of their dishes to be Asian style comfort foods. If you are in a rush, be sure to let your server know otherwise don't expect the best service. The food and the price is worth the sometimes slower service.
5	This is one of those places that is a little hidden in a plaza.  Leaves you feeling satisfied and full.I have been in this plaza several times and seen this shop and wonder how it is.  Finally decided to pop into this place since we had been around many ramen shops in town.  Once inside, very spacious.  Nice staff greeting us as we entered.  Taking a look at the menu, I was surprise by how much of a selection they had.  I went for the Shuseki House Special Ramen.  Every ramen place I have gone to, I had ordered extra noodles.  When our bowls came out, shouldn't have ordered the extra noodles.  Portion was very generous and the extra noodles was an over kill.  I loved the broth, not over flavored or salty.  Meat cuts were a little thick, but still soft and tender.  Back to the menu, because of their selection I will have to come back to try our their rice plates.  Looks and sounds good and worth trying out.  First place I had to ask for a togo container to take home my extra ramen.Parking may be a drag since its shared in a plaza, but the restaurant is very open and has lots of tables.
4	The beef and chicken bowls are delicious! Excellent service and and friendly staff. I have never left unsatisfied.
4	Love this place! Been here a couple of times, I ordered a short rib bowl delicious comes with mi so soup very filling. Also had California rolls and goyza good flavor great taste and good service.. Will definatelly come back.
4	Whenever I can't decide where to eat with my girlfriend late at night, I usually end up at Shuseki. They have a huge menu with over 100 different dishes including appetizers, sushi/sashimi, ramen/udon, skewers, bentos, and desert. It always takes me forever to order because I can never decide on what I want to try next.My favorite meals are probably the Karubi Don (BBQ short ribs) and the Katsu Curry. However, their ramen is worth a try and most of their appetizers are good. I also recommend the tempura ice cream for desert. The food generally doesn't let me down and is worth the price. If you can make it to lunch, their lunch specials are a steal.I also really like the atmosphere. It's comfortable, big, and quiet. The place can fit a lot of people, but there usually aren't more than a couple other tables when I go. The servers always ask if you need anything else and refill our drinks all the time. However, they don't speak English very well so it may be a hard to communicate. To me, this place is like the under rated version of Ichiza.
4	This place is me and my boyfriend's go to spot when we want a snack or a fairly priced meal. We're regulars here even before we started yelping. We usually get the tempura ice cream which never fails to satisfy me. Rarely they would give not as much ice cream but it still tastes great regardless. Their beef tongue skewers would be great if they didnt put so much salt on them. I literally had to wipe it off. I also like this places lunch specials. For only less than $10 you can get a lot of food. The staff here also are nice. They are always friendly and having big smiles on their faces.
2	Came here with some friends recently for food, after a concert. Chinese owned japanese restaurant (well iunoe if its chinese owned, but at least its chinese ran)I had ordered a Takoyaki and a Yakiudon. Had a friend order their Cold Tan Tan Noodles and her boyfriend ordered an Omusoba, another friend had ordered a fried rice. The cold tan tan noodles are different from any of the traditional ones you may find. this is more of a noodle salad vs the ramen style or sichuan style. Lots of veggies (lettuce and tomatoes) with a "spicy" dressing/sauce. Omusoba is a normal yakisoba with a okonomiyaki style egg/dressing wrapped like if its was an omurice. Friend had said it was good but too salty (apparently was a on-going trend being the noodles....)The takoyaki was good. Freshly made and hot. Flavored well. Thoroughly cooked without any residual flour taste. Yakiudon. huge portion came out on a sizzling hot plate. overly salty. caused me to drink a lot of tea to balance it out. Otherwise would have been good. If you are a small eater, this may be big enough to share. Service was mediocre. Even when it wasnt busy. A lot of workers were just sitting/standing around and needed to be called on. Iunoe if its good to judge depending on if they fill my water/tea but this is how i am judging them for this. Had to flag/wave them down for the check as well.
5	What can I say, I'm a big fan of Shuseki. Yeah, I know the fish isn't the freshest I can find in the valley and the menu doesn't really set itself apart from the other Japanese spots... But hey, I rarely have anything to complain about when I hit this place up. Not a fan of the loud and boisterous vibe of other tapas places? Looking for a place to come and dine and have a casual conversation without shouting over your tapas? Then Shuseki has got you covered. I am a big fan of a relaxed, chill dining experience and Shuseki is low-key enough to coax me back for multiple visits of the same expectation; a big plus in my book. Also, the servers are always nice and friendly so that's additional cool points that I'm throwing their way.Some of my favorite grubs here include the sashimi plate, the grilled whole squid, and the garlic tuna sashimi cuts with avocado on the side. However my usual go to plates are the Japanese fried rice omelet, the okonomiyaki, or the oyako don (the latter being my favorite). I could go on and on with all the other dishes, but these are the few that I find I order the most. The thing I love most about this place is the price. For example, the oyako don (my favorite) is big enough to ease my belly into satiety as it comes with a big bowl of chicken with an egg on top and a flavorful bowl of miso soup. Surprisingly enough, it's only $7.99 and I somehow find a way to take some home as leftovers. When you have an appetite like I do, the fact that I can take home some leftovers is just.. Wow. Even when I'm with the lady, we usually never hit the $30 mark when we are just grubbing and have no intention of getting involved with libations. Now that's what I'm talking about. Like I said, some people prefer the loud and exciting atmosphere of the other Japanese Tapas bars in the area but Shuseki hits the spot better for me. Price is good, food is grubbing, and the atmosphere is nice and comfy.
3	I feel like I have to preface something: It doesn't matter if it's chinese-owned or ran or whatever, because that just sounds highly-prejudiced on its own if you think you HAVE TO BE a certain race to make certain cuisine. What does it matter unless you are properly trained? People ought to judge food based on taste and not on who/what race is the person makes it. Food for thought.LOCATION: Tucked away in the corner of the plaza near the bottom-floor garage, I feel like it often gets overlooked. Definitely not as packed as Ichiza, which also serves japanese dishes, it's a nice change. Food came out relatively quick.PRICE: Relatively low-priced around $7-$8, the dishes left us pretty full. My friends ended up having to roll me through the door because I decided not to waste any food.FOOD: My friends and I ordered the omusoba and yakisoba. My yakisoba arrived greasy, crackling, and heaping. The omusoba is the exact same thing, but with over-egg encasing the top of the noodles. Topped with pickled ginger and japanese mayonnaise, it was the perfect food soaker for the late-night drinking crowd. How can you go wrong with uber-greasy noodles, lettuce, beef, and sliced carrots?! It was filling and tasty.As far as their sushi and ramen go DON'T. I've been here enough times through the years to order the food they're good at making. The problem with shuseki is, it has this massive menu but they don't have specialty in making any one dish. They aren't really known for spectacularly done items. I believe they try to tackle too much. This might explain why this place is always dead. Everytime I come here, it's pretty empty. Even on the weekends, I hardly see it filled up or too busy. Great place to meet up with a whole group of people.Our server was attentive, and went to check on us often to refill our waters.It's a decent place to pop in for something simple, but not somewhere to impress out-of-towners. I would just suggest Shuseki to make cut their huge menu down and focus on improving on the dishes they do well/improve the ones they do not. Worth a visit.
3	I agree with Anh.  Complaining about Chinese owned Japanese restaurant is not relevant if the food is good.  I'm half Japanese and I liked the place.  Izakaya places are wonderful and are hard to find.  Even though I've been to better Izakaya, this place wasn't bad.  For those of you that don't know Izakaya, it's like a Japanese Tapas place.  Small cheap items are prevalent.  Having said that, the lunch combo, which are not on the menu, is a great deal.  You get a large ramen bowl and a small don bowl (rice with something additional).  Great deal.  Not crowded.  It's hidden so it may be easy to miss.
1	It is spacious more than some of the other places in the area, but I'm not a fan.  First there was a bit of problems with getting drinks out and service.  When asking if you are ready you do not need to ask it again one minute later especially when the restaurant has no one inside it.  The menu is just all pictures with no organization really and has no detail of whats in it.  Then when food came out it was bad timing because some peoples food came out way earlier than others so you may have to sit their for a while watching other people eat.  Then the food I ordered was the Korean short rib which was a complete rip off seeing how it was only 3 strips (maybe) and a piece of lettuce for 9 dollars.  I probably could have gone to L&L for that and get more because it wasn't amazing.  I most likely will never come back here.
4	finally tried it out. not too bad. the grilled ika is not as good as ichiza but its alrigh. the sushi are awesome. hubby loved their salmon fried rice, which i think wasnt too bad neither (tried a spoon full). i can just imagine how busy they get later in the evening. overall i would come again.
2	This place is not good as before... slow service..there are more than 20 different kind of sake on the menu, but only 2 are available. ...
4	Solid little japanese spot in Chinatown. Went here the other night with a friend after training. Good food and very affordable prices. It's worth checking out.  I would go again and recommend to friends. The chicken katsu curry was a great dish and very filling.
1	Wish I could put zero star's for starters the service was terrible the employees were busy talking and made us waiting 30mins to get a check and the food wasn't made right plus double charge on my bill cause the roll I order was made wrong and was really spicy hit eel sauce is sweet! Didn't need to over charge us every poor will never be coming back here!
2	I arrived hopeful - left disappointed.  Woe is me!I heard very mixed things about this place - that it was past it's glory days, that the very particular Japanese dishes such as Takoyaki and Okonomiyaki were a disappointment, that it was not authentic Japanese, etc.  Which is a shame because my MO was to locate a restaurant that has great Okonomiyaki.  After the enormous shame that was Doh! Tapas and Sushi (again, another restaurant that has no business serving Izakaya style food), I was SO hopeful.First off: Not Japanese run.  This restaurant is Izakaya style and when I asked the server if this was a Izakaya, looked utterly confused.  Okay, then.  Plays Japanese music, serves Japanese food, Japanese notes on wall - not Japanese.  Lousy service.  One poor, friendly waitress running around for seven tables.  SEVEN tables.  My water sat empty after my initial gulp and my hot tea sat in a similar fate.  (And they only have sweet iced tea?  Who does that?)The server attempted to sit me next to a giant family table with a screaming baby.  Meanwhile, about twenty other tables sat empty.  Uh, what?  WHY would you do that?  I ordered Takoyaki, Gyoza, and of course, Okonomiyaki.Takoyaki - Best thing I had.  Perfectly executed.  Gyoza - swimming with grease.  Tasted like it came from the Chinese hands of someone at Orchid Garden, oily and flavorless.  I wanted to gag after eating that until..Okonomiyaki - SO DAMN GREASY and BURNT and what IS this?  Is it that hard to make?  Do I have to open up my own Okonomiyaki restaurant?  For shame!  There was a booth, a BOOTH at last year's Aki Matsuri that served up only Okonomiyaki and it was so simple and delicious and perfect.  The only saving grace this place has is that it's cheap.  Also - .50 cent charge for credit cards.  Get out.  So disappointed.  You know when the local restaurants in the plaza don't even recommend to eat at an establishment that there's a problem.  From service to food, I cannot and will not return.
1	Shuseki has the largest selection of Japanese food in Las Vegas, including sushi, okonomiyaki, takoyaki and hiyashichuuka. However, that's the only positive comment I have for them. The restaurant's chairs are all ripped and pillows are extremely dirty. The service is slow and staff isn't friendly or helpful. There isn't anyone Japanese in the entire restaurant, customer or staff, and play all Korean music. I have been here a couple of times and each time been told several items on the menu were unavailable. If you're looking for authentic Japanese food try a different restaurant.
1	DON'T EVER EAT HERE!  OWNER STOLE MONEY FROM US!  My family and I have been going to this joint for years.  One can say "we're regulars," even my daughter got excited each time we went there.  Few yrs ago, we decided to purchase a gift-certificate for our daughter since she loved eating there.  We were re-assured that the certificate will not expire.  Fast forward to tonight.  We decided to dine there tonight and finally use the gift-certificate.  Upon paying, we were all shocked that the OWNER REFUSE TO HONOR the certificate!  He claims: "it's not my signature."  What?  We BOUGHT THIS CERTIFICATE AT HIS ESTABLISHMENT.  Not only he refused to honor it, he also refused to give us a refund for buying HIS RESTAURANT'S certificate.  After all these years of being a patron to his restaurant with lots of fond memories of dining there with friends and family, even during the holidays (Christmas, New Years) and birthdays - this is how we are treated!    We paid for tonight's dinner regardless (awful memory = awful taste); however, I felt it was WRONG FOR THE OWNER TO TREAT US THAT WAY.  We've already file a complaint to BBB and considering legal action.
5	Yum!!! We came here when it was completely empty. Started off with a ramen bowl. It's huge! Be prepared to take some home or share it. Next was the love roll- yummm chocolate drizzled on some pink paper wrap  it was cold on one side and warm on the other  very interesting taste! Next was an amazing tiger roll  the best I've had! Love this place!! And their large house sake and Sapporo to go with it all  yay!
1	Ate here a few times, mostly out of convenience because it is in a part of Chinatown I usually go to.  The food was always okay, not great, and the service was mediocre.  However, after my terrible experience with my last visit here, I don't think I'll ever eat here again.First off, the service is terrible.  Their open hours stated that they were open today from 11:30AM-1AM, although when we got there around 4:45, they were closed.  We found out later that they re-open at 5, although there was no way of knowing that just from going there, since it doesn't state that anywhere on a sign.  However, we didn't mind waiting, although they didn't open the doors until well after 5:10.  We were the only customers in there, yet the waitress hardly paid us any attention and instead seemed to be actively ignoring us.We ordered what we came there for - the beef udon soup, which was good as usual.  We also decided to try their nikujaga and omurice, which is where things started to go wrong.  First of all, their nikujaga clearly states "beef and potatoes" under it, yet when we received the dish there were no potatoes to be found, only a few pieces of fatty beef stewing in an overly-salty sauce, along with an egg.  No onions and no potatoes, which I was willing to overlook (although it was definitely a rip-off).  However, when the omurice came out, it was soggy, disgusting, and nearly drowning in ketchup.  We only had to take a bite each to know that it was nasty.  We wanted to let the waitress know, but she didn't come by our table for at least 15 minutes more (despite there not being any other customers) until we waved her over.After letting her know we didn't like the omurice, she stared at us blankly and asked what she should do.  We asked her to send it back, when she rudely and bluntly told us "Well I can't, because you ate it", even though we literally took two bites from it before knowing it was inedible.  We were taken aback by this rudeness and didn't even know what to say.  I offered to order something else in it's stead (the yaki udon, which was also mediocre), but when it came time to pay, she still tried to charge us for the omurice we didn't eat.  We said that if we were going to pay for it, we might as well have kept it instead of sending it back with her.  After making a big deal of calling someone, she grumbled "Fine this time, but not any more," as if she was doing us a big favor for not charging us for something we didn't eat.  We left quickly after that.On a side note, their water tastes strange.  And they charge $0.50 for using a credit card if your order is under $20.Overall, terrible service.  We will be taking our business elsewhere and never eat here again, despite the convenience.
2	This Place is always Empty.  Nearly never any deals, and today it had a note on the door saying closed.  I've never had such a hard time spending money at a business.  I wish I could say something good but it feels like the people here don't even want to work here.  ~ as someone who is always critiquing businesses I don't understand why this place is even open if they don't want to make money.  I'm giving up on This place. Sushi Kaya 1/2Mile down the road has AYCE and is FAST and is always open and full of happy people.
4	Hits the spot all the time!!! My husband and I can always count on this place  the service is just okay! But the food makes up for the slow and unfriendly service.
5	This place is amazing!  Spicy pork ramen is to die for. The bowl is Huge for only $7.99. Service is great! There is a language barrier with the staff but that just adds a layer to the authenticity. WORTH IT!
4	Great place. Ever since i was in highschool I've been coming here. Great for large families and friends. And GREAT service n food
2	Been here on many occasions over the past several years but not a regular. Came here last week only because the Ramen Sora place was too packed, got an instant bad vibes when we only saw 2 other customers in the whole place, thought it was odd being prime time for dinner rush. I've been here in the past when it was packed and had atleast 3 servers (pretty ones too may I add). The food was "ok" (if you are gaijin and don't know any better), but I think they're losing their business to the newer Japanese specialty restaraunts where they take pride in what they serve, like Sora, Monta, Zen, Ichiza, Tonkatsu Kiyoshi. I can't see this place staying in business much longer unless they come up with something new (like servers with mini-skirts or something) Also watch your bill closely, they will sneak a Gratuity to your bill without letting you know about it, this happened to me many years ago and apparently this criminal practice still continues today, Becareful not to double-tip !
3	usually our favorite japanese restaurant when we come to vegas but food was a little more expensive and portions got smaller. only one girl so wait was LONG and there werent that many people there
