5	Great staff, so helpful and nice. Food was outstanding and the coffee price cannot be beat... 50 cents!! I would have to say the grilled cheese is one of the best I have had in a long time. This location is just like the Scottsdale Kierland location, but the space is about 3x bigger! Wonderful place to get breakfast or lunch.
4	Maybe it was my mood, maybe it was the weather, or maybe eating a Chloe's Corner Pastrami & Swiss while enjoying the new Pop Up Park at CityScape was the best lunch experience I've had in 2+ years working Downtown.Let's start with Chloe's. The sandwich was very tasty but the service deserves separate mention. The staff, led by manager Lisa, is so nice and eager to assist customers that you wonder why other restaurants don't pay closer attention. Or at least spy on Chloe's to see how it's done. We ended up taking our lunch (my friend had the Greek salad and tomato soup, also good) outside on the plaza, where DJ William Reed was playing everything from Snow Patrol and Hot Chip to Santagold, and the Downtown Ambassadors were letting folks shoot hoops, play cornhole, check-out books and magazines, and use a variety of board games. The Pop Up Park is a new concept and happens M-F from 11-1. William Reed and Sean Watson provide the music on Thursdays and Fridays. You really need to experience this for yourself, especially now that the weather is idyllic.UPDATE: Whomever controls the music knows their business. This morning the place was rocking Smiths, Tragically Hip, and vintage REM. Perfect pairing with the formidable scent of eggs in the air.
3	Glad to see that something came in when Oakville left.  The salads are all good, the pizza a bit more hit or miss but they do make a really good grilled cheese, and if there is tomato soup that day, all the better.  The good news for those who were at Oakville is that there is still a great bakery counter filled with goodies from all over including Essence Macaroons and Julia Baker chocolates.  Eat healthy at Chloe's and then head over to the bakery counter :)
5	Chloe's Corner is an oasis in the desert of closed shops in downtown Phoenix!The food was great and so was their coffee.  But what really stood out was the staff.  Each person working had a smile on their face and went out of their way to be helpful.  We sat at the counter and chatted with Malalay (sorry, I know I messed your name up) about all sorts of things.  We had such a good experience, that we returned the next morning to get a cup of coffee before heading off to the airport.I urge you to visit this place and support a non-chain establishment.  You will no regret it!
4	My weekly coffee spending has gone from $22  to $3 thanks to the 50 cent 12ounce house deal. The 16oz will cost you $1.90 and every so often I'll go with two 12 oz cups for a buck; more product- better deal. Now that's fantastic.  The staff is very friendly and I think they are on to my little scheme. I hope they don't cut me off.
4	Here for a conference (TPE/NASPA) and was wandering with a friend near the convention center for a place to eat dinner. Asked a gentleman working outside of a hotel if he could recommend any nearby spots. He suggested this place saying it had recently opened and had some good pizza, panini, and salad options. We decided to check it out and walked the few blocks from the convention center. It was worth it. Its kind of a neat ambiance, plenty of room and you can purchase prepackaged to go, order at "the bar" or choose a table inside or on the patio. For quicker service we chose the bar (its not an alcohol bar but more of a food bar, its a work conference people). There were a few sandwiches that caught my eye, but with the help of my server I finally decided on the chipotle turkey with raspberry mayo and substituted cranberry walnut bread for the ciabatta it came with. The plate came out and it was a normal loaf of bread sized sandwich stacked high with turkey and fixins with a side of pickles. My oh my was it tasty. I wasn't super hungry but I nearly finished that whole thing just because I didn't want to leave it behind. Our server, I didn't catch his name but on the receipt it says RIGHT AM, was super attentive and very friendly. All in all, a great casual place with tasty options. I only give it 4 stars for price. Almost $8 for a regular sized sandwich with no sides is just a tad steep for me. However, tummy rules all. Nom nom nom.
5	This place is DELICIOUS!It's super cute and you get full service anywhere you are sitting, whether it'd be outside or at the bar. Service is super friendly! The BF and I got the ceasar salad with chicken, tomato soup, a slice of pizza, and pastrami sandwich. Everything was great! Very satisfying. I especially enjoyed the Pizza and it was the pizza of the day too. It had bacon bits on it and it was oh so satisfying! Yummy!!!!Service was great with refills and very attentive staff. I would definitely come back if it were only to get the pizza.
4	I'm really happy that this place moved in to what was Oakville Grocery. They still have the coffee bar so that makes me a happy camper. They also still have the coolers with pre-packaged food and drinks. They now have a diner-style set-up in the center where you can order breakfast (GREAT SUCCESS) or lunch and dine at the counter. At the far end are some tables and chairs if you don't feel like taking your meal at the counter.  I had an awesome BLT for lunch that left me full and satisfied(the bacon was AWESOME). Additionally they have some other tasty-looking sandwiches and salads and soups which I'm eager to try. Their breakfast looks tasty too (more of that yummy bacon!).......God knows Downtown needs more breakfast options so this is a great addition to Cityscape after Oakville's crash and burn.
5	I love this place, its big near a light rail station and has great prices where else can you get really good coffee for just .50 cents!! pizza slices also only $3 will be studying here definitely!!
4	I really enjoyed this wide open space and the patio would be great (weather permitting).I had the Chinese Chicken salad  with ginger-soy dressing and loved every bit of it. The shredded chicken was just enough but probably not a full chicken breast and the salad dressing was good but could use a little punch. The service was very quick and the staff  very friendly.  I'll be back and may just try some of the delicious looking baked goods.
2	This place is totally cute inside and i guess i expected the food to be just as good as the place looked but ended up being super disappointed. Bf just the grilled cheese that came with bacon and he was not that impressed. It was more like an overload on cheese and tasting like a goopy quesadilla on soggy bread and my sandwich was all wrong when i got it. I was on a lunch hour and got frustrated and didn't have time to wait so ended up getting my money back for my sandwich. wompwompwomp was hoping this would be a new little go to sandwich spot.
5	I love Chloe's. I almost make a daily appearance, whether it's for coffee, baked goodies, my favorite smoked turkey sandwich or a quick afternoon snack. A great place for morning coffee meetings with tables in a nice open space and decent patio as far as patios in downtown Phoenix go. SUPER friendly staff and still fairly speedy service even during lunch rush hour. There's a Starbucks a few doors down, but if you choose them over Chloe's, I will be personally offended.
4	I was in downtown Phoenix last night looking for a place to eat. I used the app on my iphone to search and Chloe's Corner was close by so we decided to try it out. T he place  was pretty cool, very open on the inside and nice patio seating on the out side. I got the pastrami and swiss sandwich. I enjoyed it. The total for 2 sandwiches was close to $16 so a little pricey, but the experience was enjoyable and they had good service.
4	3.5/5 great salads.the salads here are kinda amaze. the chop has everything in it, but isn't just a kitchen-sink kinda dish - it still works. the cookies are also nom, in case  you are inclined to order one to break over your salad...not that i do that. the only down side is the wait time sometimes, which may be because they remake your order, or they can't find you. maybe they'll rethink some of the last prep station staffing, because it seems there's always a group of staff there, but the food isn't coming out any faster.
1	Maybe there was only one person working at the kitchen this morning and this was the reason I got yesterday's potatoes for breakfast.. Maybe all the employees partied hard last night and they found it too hard to clean the tables, pick up trash from the floor and overall "make it all work", maybe the manager was depressed and he had some cruel cartoons (intended for children) running on TV,  in a place with NO children. Maybe... Maybe I will just choose a different place for Sunday breakfast next week.
3	Why do they hire bartenders that don't know liquor? We asked for Sauvignon Blanc, she proceeded to look at every single bottle label - she didn't even know it was a white wine! Other than that, the salads we had were pretty good!
4	Great place to relax, grab a bite to eat and a drink in downtown Phoenix.  The staff is extremely nice and helpful and there are many options to choose from here.
2	Stopped by during happy hour before a baseball game and grabbed a beer and a slice of pizza for $5 which seemed like a great deal. Basically like getting a free slice of pizza with the purchase of a beer. Only problem was that even for free the pizza was disappointing. I think the pizza for the special just sits on the counter for a couple of hours until the happy hour ends, and you can taste it. I like the atmosphere and think it's a good place to grab a drink, but the food I had wasn't worth ever ordering again.
3	It's a good lunch spot for downtown phx.  I get it, I work a couple of days down by CityScape... but today I wanted to grab lunch with my mom and kids so we decided to drive in park under ground and head up to Chloe's Corner.  The food was fresh and tasty, atmosphere amazing..but no highchairs.. Come on I know you are geared towards the business lunch, but kids do live in the city.  They said they were on order and also no kids menu.  At least a kids size and priced grilled cheese.I would come again and try breakfast once they get a high chair!
5	Chloe's is one of the best new restaurants to hit downtown! I've visited several times for lunch and cannot say enough good things about Chloe's. They are just consistently good. And, the nice thing about this restaurant is they are great for a quick grab-and-go as well as a leisurely lunch.The salad bar has veggies and extras that have always been nice and fresh...nothing that looked like it was sitting out for too long. The sandwich menu has a great variety. I've had the chipotle-raspberry turkey sandwich. It had just the right amount of spice and spread. Also, the ciabatta roll it was served on was not too hard as ciabattas can be sometimes.As far as desserts, they have a wonderful selection of those too. I've had the chocolate snickerdoodle and triple chocolate chip cookies. The chocolate snickerdoodle is something I've never seen before and is so much more delicious than the traditional snickerdoodle. The triple chocolate chip was not lacking in chips. It was just the right texture as well...not dry, but a firm cookie with a good chew to it.I really can't praise Chloe's enough...it is certainly worth trying and going back over and over again!
3	I went there a couple of times soon after it opened.  To be fair to them, perhaps they've worked out the kinks in the service since then, because the times I went everyone seemed a little confused about what they were doing.My main gripe about this place - and get ready, because this is going to sound petty - is they can't/won't cook an egg any other way than "scrambled".  Which, I guess, means they don't have any actual eggs on premises.  I'm just picturing someone back in the kitchen pouring my "egg" out of the Acme Egg Product container.  Not very appealing.Maybe it's just me, but is it too much to ask of a restaurant which serves breakfast to cook me a simple egg?  I think not, hence 3 stars.
3	Good bread and pizza crust.  Seemed a bit spendy.
2	I ventured to this spot last week. Let me say the food is GREAT! Shared a pizza, yummy dough and salad with a friend and we were extremely happy with it!GO FOR FOOD NOT SERVICE! We sat at their counter. Our server, a thin girl with little make up and long dark hair was waiting on us (personally thought you should put a little more effort into looking professonal for your job) I dont think she smiled once and when she brought our order she lightly "threw" our plates down and as she walked away said "you're good right!?" as if needing something would be a big inconvenience to her. We did want some ranch and Parmesan for our pizza but agreed we would rather go without than have to deal with our server again. After my friend asked for a refil on her drink we noticed our servers hair that was half down was dipping into her cup as she was filling it and walking back. A little gross...Nonetheless, I would absolutely go back for the food!!! I would make a pont to NOT have the same server though. Took home zucchini bread for the next morning, excellent!FOOD = 4 starsSERVICE = 2 stars (being generous)
4	Great place for lunch. I had grilled cheese and tomato soup. Nice large size sandwich with lots of gooey cheese. Soup was good and it made for a nice American classic lunch.  On the way out had to grab an blueberry/cherry oatmeal cookie - perfect finish.  Service was fast and friendly. Even if there is a line it moves quickly. Like that they had ready to go sandwiches and salads to just grab-and-go. I will be going back.
4	Everyone was very friendly, and they carried one of my favorite beers of all time: Oberon! Haven't had any of the food yet, but I'll be back.
1	The food here is tasty enough, but nothing you couldn't find elsewhere. That is literally the only good thing I have to say about Chloe's Corner. I have been here several times and each time I have been here the staff has been incredibly rude and unhelpful. Their menu is a little pricey for the mediocre quality and limited variety of their menu. Also, the last time I was at Chloe's corner the roof was leaking on the table. Not cool.
5	Great spot for lunch in City Scape, downtown Phoenix.Took a friend here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, and we both loved it! I was so surprised at how spacious and open the place is and how interesting it is to see the preparation area in front of you. The staff was very friendly and attentive. We ordered the chicken salad and a turkey club or sorts, the names escape me. Both were made right in front of us at the bar. They were amazing! My friend said it was the best chicken said she'd had in a very long time and I was gushing about the sauce my sandwich had on it. I wish I could have tired one of their breakfast items because the danishes and bagels looked great. I cannot say enough good things about this place and I cannot wait to go back.
4	Much like their location at Kierland, it's a great spot for lunch. They have a huge salad bar & a refrigerated case for quick options. The Corner Chop salad is a meal in itself, or great to split in addition to a sandwich. My favorite sandwich I've tried so far is the chicken salad.On the pricey side, but great food & nice ambiance during the day.
5	This place does NOT get enough credit for its fast, friendly service, and tasty quality menu items at fair downtown prices. The pastries are the best downtown, and I grab coffee or lunch at least twice a week. I've even brought the kiddos down on a weekend, and they were happy with grilled cheese. I love that I can order at the counter, from the diner style bar seating, or just grab something quick from the cases.
4	The Bf and I went to Chloe's yesterday to start off our fall break right (haha). We each only tried the latte. The space is much bigger than I thought it would be, but it is nice looking and they have a lot more food items than I expected. They even have a little mini grocery store area. We walked up to the coffee bar and ordered. The lattes were good, but a little on the weak side. I would come back here if I were shopping at Cityscape (definitely over going to Starbucks), but I probably wouldn't make a special trip just to come here.
4	Great spot in Downtown Phoenix for breakfast, lunch and hanging out while working all afternoon. They have a free wifi, a roomy yet cosy dining room. I ordered the corner chop salad and it was fresh, tasty and plentiful. all the staff members I interacted with were friendly, and quick in bringing me refills and such.I will be back!
3	Travelling for work, I stopped into this restaurant for lunch.  Lots of options.  I got the turkey sandwich which was ok.  The bread was a little too greasy.  Wish they had put more things in the sandwich.  Spacious place with lots of seating.  Crazy DJ playing club music in the courtyard at lunchtime was kinda awkward.  He is apparently a regular.
3	The only spot in downtown PHX that isn't a chain and has good sandwiches. I like the market concept. Now if only the rest of downtown could follow suit and get its act together...
4	Very hip new addition to Cityscape! Wide open ware house type space with high ceililngs, concrete floors, big breakfast bar with butcher block counter and low bar stools. Lots of family style table seating and a coffee bar all in the same space. Prices are reasonable ($7-8 for great salads) and thin sliced pizza. The wait staff was extremely attentive and imformative. A winner!
4	Such a cute little restaurant to grab lunch or a late afternoon cup of tea. The staff is always super friendly and they have a fantastic salad bar. I will miss hanging out here between classes now that I'm finished with law school.
2	The pizza was awful. The servers were fine, but the kitchen closed shortly after I arrived at 6:45pm. How is that possible? 7pm kitchen closing on a Friday. No wonder the place was empty. Maybe it's better for lunch. This place has an identity crisis, is it a convenient store, coffee shop, or restaurant? The name of the establishment doesn't help clear up the ambiguity either.
3	coffee.. and hot chocolate.. All i needed on the cold night downtown =)
5	I walked to Chloe's Corner while on a break from Jury Duty.  I ordered the tuna melt and a bowl of tomato soup.  The sandwich was huge and melty and gooey.  It hit the spot.  The tomato soup was sort of thin, but the flavor was top notch.  The price point was very affordable.  If I worked downtown, I'd be here all the time.  The food was so good, that when I walked back to the courthouse and got released from Jury Duty immediately, I wasn't even angry that they could have released us before lunch.
1	I eat from the Salad bar at the cityscape location several times a week. Every once in a while the tomatoes they put out are NOT fresh. Last week they were old and I couldn't get a hold of a manager during lunch rush to discuss.Today 12/17 I go in and again the tomatoes are NOT fresh. They have started to wrinkle and deteriorate. I ask the manager to change them out and all he did was look at the label and say, " they are dated 12/17, see they were cut this morning". I WAS NOT disputing when the tomatoes were cut, but the fact that they weren't fresh which he was oblivious to. He said  he would get some more from the kitchen and returned saying I would have to wait, they don't have any more cut. ??????Really. Again he tells me it's dated 12/17, I don't know why anyone would lie about a date.etc.....AGAIN HE WAS IGNORANT TO THE FACT THE TOMATOES WERE OLD. This is the second time I have written about the food at cityscape. No more. You just lost a customer
4	Delicious sandwich. I got a sandwich, chips, and a drink combo. It was $10. A little high for lunch, especially since it was at a counter. The price was the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 starts.
3	Finally checked out Chloes Corner since they opened. it's a great little spot to get a quick lunch while downtown. it as super crowded during lunch, this just means that many other people like the place. It was confusing trying to figure out where to order, do you just pick a seat or wait to be seated and where the menu was. The food was great, i had a hot Pastrami sandwich. The price? Too high for what you get. I got a good, but small, pastrami sandwich for $8 and a drink for $2. My wife got a slice of pizza $3 and a cookie 2$. for $8, i'd expect to at least to get a bag of chips with my sandwich. All in all, neat little spot. Over priced for what you get, but the food is good and the service was VERY quick.
4	I finally had a chance to try this place out when my husband decided he didn't want to do lunch and bowl at Lucky. Boy, was this place packed! I am glad to see the locals and downtown workers embracing this place. Inside it has something like a grocery area with drinks, snacks, salads, etc. After ordering at one of the food or coffee counters, you can choose to sit at the counter to eat, or sit in the dining area. Service was very prompt and attentive.I ordered a cheese pizza and triple chocolate cookie. My husband had a pastrami and swiss sandwich that looked incredible. My pizza was very good as well. For all of that and a drink, it seemed pricy at $15. Especially since the sandwich didn't come with chips or fries, anything. I will still go back though as there was alot of dining options here and the food was really good.
5	I love this place. Aside from the fact that its super busy during lunch, which isnt even a huge deal, its nearly perfect! A great variety of food, the sandwiches are great. I had the tuna melt which was beyond incredible. My sister had the grilled cheese with bacon and tomato which I had to try a bite of and it also was excellent. A friend had the soup and slice of pizza which looked great and she said was very tasty!! Go here for a great variety, quick lunch with coworkers, friends, etc. They even have a bakery area with a blueberry muffin that I must try next time~~Staff can be kind of rude (I am assuming it was because they are busy?) The guy who took my order could have been a bit nicer, but whatever. Great experience!
4	Great lunch spot, very large counter, nice service, good iced tea, for lunch I had a scoop of tuna salad on top of a caesar - it was really good.  Walking distance to convention center and the downtown area.  Also had a salad bar and a selection of take-away items, drinks, and beer.
4	I don't consider myself to be easy to please when it comes to food.  I give a 5 for "OMG this was amazing, I'm going back tomorrow" and a 4 for "absolutely delicious, nothing to complain about, but I'm not writhing and thrashing on the floor in delight either."  I just have absolutely nothing to complain about here.  I ordered a BLT (it comes with double-bacon, lettuce, tomato, toasted white bread, with some sort of mayo/mustard spread) and a small chili.  Delicious.  Absolutely delicious, plenty of bacon on that sandwich, and the chili was very hearty.  I also had a divine-smelling cherry/blueberry oatmeal cookie, and it was as soft and delicious as it smelled.Cashier was kind, service was prompt, space was clean...and while I was standing in line, I spied some pizza pies - I'll be back for those another day.This was my first time here, and I will be back.
4	I give these guys 4 stars just for the fact that they still have a .50 cup of coffee, in the days of the 7 dollar 1/2 soy 1/2 caf, no-whip, abominations Chloe's is keeping it real with a straight up black coffee with no training wheels for 4 bits!!! Nice work Chloe's!
4	We had a really nice lunch here. We sat at the counter and the service was really good. The food was very fresh. A great space. Will definitely be stopping by to pick up quick dinners.
4	Now working in downtown Phoenix, I have to say this is the place of my lunch meeting dreams. Not only can I make my own salad and do the grab and go... but I can have a sit down lunch meal too! Their patio is small but a nice place to catch up with friends or business people. I know I will be back... probably more than I should be.
5	My palate is not very diverse, but I can review a few things!Coffee: Absolutely delicious. My drink of choice anywhere I go is an iced white chocolate mocha. Chloe's likes to make their coffee drinks with a little more pronounced or intense of an espresso flavor to them, and that's exactly how I like it. They put a lot of effort into handcrafting each cup, and you can certainly taste the difference. They are happy to add whipped cream to any beverage but it does not come standard so make sure you ask if you want it.Sandwiches: I've ordered a couple different sandwiches over time, from turkey to roast beef, grilled cheese to ham, but one thing remains constant: the ingredients are top-notch. You can tell it's all fresh, from the bread to the veggies, but most importantly they pile on the meat...not New York deli-style piles, but generous nonetheless. The sandwiches are not cheap, but you really get what you pay for. If you don't have time to wait for them to make one they always have a small selection of pre-made sandwiches as well as salads available for purchase.Baked goods: This isn't the most eloquent way to put this, but HOLY CRAP THESE ARE AWESOME. By 'these' I mean scones, muffins, cupcakes, bread, quiche, cookies, you name it. It's all made fresh everyday and I have yet to try anything that didn't make me want to purchase the remainder of the bakery counter. The selection changes depending on the time of year and whatnot, but I can promise you that you will not be disappointed no matter what they are carrying.After two years of patronage I can say without a doubt the staff is quite amiable regardless of whether it's your first visit or your 20th, but once you become a recurring customer, expect them to start treating you like a VIP.
4	Chloe's Corner is one of my usual lunch spots, I go at least once or twice a week. To be honest the first time I went here I thought I'd never go back. I had the egg salad sandwich and was really not a fan. It was cheap bread and the egg salad had a bunch of "stuff" in it. But then one of my coworkers wanted to hit up the salad bar, and I was hooked. Now at the end there will be a large caveat to everything I am about to write. They have several "lettuce" options that are always crisp and many toppings to choose from. There are several protein choices, I personally enjoy tofu. They also have all the staples as well as extras like marinated artichokes. But the best part is their balsamic vinaigrette, it is amazing. Now with all that said, you have to get there before 11:30. When everything is first set out the salad bar is fantastic, but they don't keep up with it throughout the day. By noon there's food everywhere, all the dressings have dripped into each other and they are out of some of the stuff. Lucky for me I'm an early luncher.
4	I have a confession to make... I am a cookie monster and Chloe's Corner made me that way...Their naughty pastry chef whose name I am not familiar with makes the best of the best most scrumptious cookie ever...triple chocolate chip oh my...I'm moaning at just the thought of it...the price is right too..the bitches behind the coffee counter kinda have an attitude and were making fun of me because I said I wanted a latte with an inch of foam in it..they were all giggling at each other as if they were watching "Bruno."...That is one big place and I really want to go back there for lunch....
5	This place makes going to court much more pleasant!  I always stop in for a relaxing brunch after stressful mornings at the courthouse :). The police might bring ya down but Chloe's will make you feel better.
5	Great downtown lunch spot. The cookies are phenomenal, as are all the other baked goods. Great atmosphere and friendly employes, especially the manager, Lisa, who is always smiling, helping, and interacting with customers. Great background music selection as well.
2	My biggest gripe is the value and variety. The two v's, very important. The sandwiches are 7/8 dollars but don't come with anything. And all they have are salad and chips. Also, the sandwiches aren't that big. Tasty enough, but nothing all that special. I also had breakfast here one time, and, again, not bad but nothing special. So, I wouldn't be against going here if someone suggests it, but not my choice.Maybe I'll try the coffee bar and pastries.
2	I showed up with my laptop. Bought breakfast and coffee, left a 70% tip and sat down to work. Opened my laptop but couldn't connect...then an employee told me, "Oh yeah, Macs don't work here." ...Really?! Maybe you could put a sign on the door so I don't waste my money here. Too bad--the place has nice ambience. But I have to say the food is fantastically mediocre.
5	I was visiting Phoenix yesterday and looking for a basic breakfast place downtown. What I found at Chloe's was so much more than basic! I had Chloe's favorite, which was amazing in presentation and taste. If you are looking for a groovy, tasty place to eat, go to chloes.... It's wonderful! Right on, man!!
5	What a shocker walking into this place in downtown Phoenix! It has a really cool setup with a market on one side, table service, take-out, or full service at the bar. The interior is huge and very modern. I ordered a chicken salad, which came out super fast, and it was excellent. It was super fresh & tasty.If I'm downtown I'm definitely going back to this place.
2	The prices are high the food is ok. I had a sandwich a bag of chips and a glass of tea total was $12.33. It was way too pricey for a lunch.
4	Very cute and bz cafe...they also have a bakery. If your in a hurry you can grab a drink in their open fridge area and make ur own salad at the salad bar ($6.99/lb). The line is usually long so expect to wait a little whole. I like how their kitchen is open so you can watch them make your food.
4	Good sandwiches(turkey) and salads(chinese chicken).   I'm also a big fan of their tea.
3	Upgraded 1 star. I think they made the sandwiches a little larger, plus I figured out that you just need to get yourself a side salad since they don't give you a side. Still, sandwich, side salad and drink is $13. Not the greatest bang for your buck. Pretty good food, but not anything to write home about. Good atmosphere though, nice place to have lunch with a friend.
2	Looks cute and all, but seems like a bunch of amateurs running this place! I asked if I could sit at a table instead of the counter. Of course! The server says. Then I sit and wait over 5min before I finally get the attention of another waitress who tells me I have to order at the counter and then I can sit at my table. Oh, that would have been helpful to know when I walked in.They only serve scrambled eggs. Scrambled eggs that have obviously been sitting under a heat lamp and are NOT made to order. The oj was also old and very tart tasting.Guess I'll pay $18 for eggs at my hotel tomorrow. Gladly.
5	This place is AMAZING!  You can sit & order or carry out.  There's a coffee bar, salad bar, grocery store, and juicery with fresh pressed juices & protein drinks.  They offer everything from pizza & salad to raw snacks to wine & cheese.  I work close by & I stop in every time I don't bring a lunch to work.  Really good!!
4	Very nice restaurant Downtown.  You can eat at the bar, sit on a table or order to go. Service's usually fast. You wait in line (yes, it's that good, they have lines, specially at lunch time), you pay and then you wait for your food :)Their food is tasty and their selection's good enough that you can find something you will like for sure. They serve breakfast, soups, pizzas, salads, sandwiches... You can also make your own salad and they'll weigh it and charge you accordingly. Nice selection of drinks (wine, too!) and desserts. If you want a sandwich with chips and a drink you'll spend like $10-$12. It can be overpriced for some but the ambiance at Chloe's corner's so nice so it's worth it! I usually order the chicken pesto sandwich or the chipotle raspberry turkey. Can you spell YUMMYLICIOUS!! I believe their sandwiches are a little bit smaller than they used to be but that's still OK.They're great with groups too which is a problem when we want to celebrate a birthday (we work Downtown) and you can call in advance and they'll reserve a table for you. Kudos to their staff. Everybody's super nice!!They used to have coffee for 50c (yes, that's two quarters!!!) but not anymore :( Their coffee's good but for $1,50 it's not a deal anymore since that's what you pay anywhere else Downtown. Right now they also sell gelato which, let me tell you, I don't eat much ice cream but their gelato's to die for! And do me a favor, order a toffee chocolate cookie! I like them so much, I've started baking them at home myself because I can't afford buying one cookie a day, ha! (I probably shouldn't either but their cookies are absolutely delicious!!).
4	What a cute place! Decor is bright, funky, a bit industrial, and cozy all at the same time. All of the staff was friendly and perky at around 9am on a Saturday, which was a huge plus. Kaleidoscope Juice and Passport Coffee are located in an open floor plan with Chloe's, as well as a little fresh fruit/cheese/craft beer/wine grocery section. I was able to sample all of my favorite things to try when traveling - food, coffee, and fresh juice! I will definitely come back next time I'm in Phoenix!
4	Chloe's has options for just about anyone.  If you just want a latte and a scone they've got you covered at the bakery case and coffee counter on the west wall as you walk in.  If you need something tasty to-go. They have their full menu available, which includes breakfast sandwiches, pizza, soups, salads, and hot and cold sandwiches It's relatively quick from order to pick-up.  Chloe's is one of the few spots in downtown that has a salad bar (This is where they solidify my 4th star).  It has a great assortment of veggies, greens , proteins and toppings.  Don't expect to find that orange French that strange goopy italian dressing options.   What you will find is an assortment of house made vinaigrette and a few more traditional/standard options.  The salad bar is a dine-in or carry-out option priced by the weight.  In their large refrigerators they also offer a selection of easy take away options like sandwiches, salads, fresh veggies, hummus, egg salad, chicken salad, cheese plates, etc.  Also offered is a large assortment of beverages.  I enjoy coming here to take a serious sit-down  lunch break from work. Spotting a stool at the counter I belly up, order their house iced green tea and check out their specials or order off the menu.  The bar around their "kitchen" is full service.  The only other times I was there for dine in we ordered up front, they provided us with numbers, we claimed a table and then delivered our food.  They offer beer and wine and have recently added Kaleidoscope Juice to take over the back side of their "kitchen".  Prices are in line with most other downtown eateries.  [$7-10 for sandwich or salad, chips, sides ]
2	Stopped in today for a quick bite after volleyball The girls working were all sort of "eh" and today's service was just not good by any means...Each girl seemed to have an attitudeIt was oddI ordered a hot roast beef sandwich with chips and a soda and I kindly asked where the chips were... And the girl was smug and said "they're around the restaurant and down below" Then I was going to get soda and wash my hands so I placed my # by the register and she yelled "You have to carry that with you"Okay....In case my food were to come out that minute, I could have it delivered to the soda station? The place was empty enough alreadyI sat at bar and my plate came, the men in the kitchen were nice....As I ate, no one cared to check on me or offer my anything elseBut whatever I was hungry so I ate my food, drank my soda and cleaned up after myself...I might go back... Might...
4	Stopped here for breakfast and got the Chorizo Breakfast Burrito.  It was tasty, fast and the servers and manager were very friendly.  Cute atmosphere too.
5	Amazing Tomato Soup and Corner Chop (salad!)One of my favorite joints in downtown. Service is pleasant. Food is always fresh. There are lots of drink and dessert options.
4	We came by for brunch. This place was a lot bigger than I had expected. I love the open floor plan. There wasn't much of a crowd but we decided to sit at the counter. I ordered a raspberry iced tea and a chipotle-raspberry turkey sandwich. I really enjoyed my sandwich! It was perfectly proportioned and the spread was very tasty. A surprising factor, I'm not big on anything spicy but when my coworker had asked for Sriracha, she told me it was rather sweet. I didn't believe her so I tried it myself. I think it was their own special version. It was on the slightly sweeter side with a kick. Yum. Definitely ask for this sauce!
5	Remember the TV show 'Cheers'? Norm Peterson would walk in and the whole place would yell out "NORM!".  I come here so often it wouldn't surprise me if they started yelling, "MANNY!" when I enter. They won't, but it would be nice.I work in CityScape and this is my preferred lunch spot.  They have an extensive menu so it doesn't get boring, the service is very good and the food is delicious. I think I've tried just about everything on the menu.  I usually get a sandwich but the salads are very good as well. And, it's also a deli/grocery store. Convenient place to pick something up to bring back to the office or home.A very good choice if you're looking for a quick lunch and want to avoid the standard chain restaurants.
5	I eat here almost every day! Healthy food options, great salad bar. Hummus! Pizza that looks amazing(I'm gluten free). Great little coffee and pastry bar, wine!!! Seriously love Chloe's. If they would mix up the salad bar a little and carry a few gluten free baked treats, I would be in lunch heaven.
5	Delicious food. I ordered the Egg Sandwich. It was wonderful. The staff is do incredibly attentive. Gracious staff. Just delightful.
4	This place is great.  The food is tasty and I've never had to wait for a seat.  The staff are always friendly and the place seems well managed.  I particularly like how quickly they provide you with you check when you are dining-in.  My only complaint (and why I didn't give the joint 5 stars) is very small and by no means a deal breaker: they need napkins around the salad bar because it is impossible to make one without making a mess.  I have suggested it a few times. Maybe they will come around.  All in all, I love this place and go there weekly.
4	Stopped by and got a self serve salad from their salad bar....lots of options and reasonable price. Looks like great pizzas and sandwich variety also. Cool baked goods counter that also served as a quick way to check out since the main counter had a line. Nice wide open contemporary and clean atmosphere too.
4	I work downtown and this is one of my go to places for a quick, fresh and fast lunch. The salad bar is always stocked with fresh ingredients, which makes it super convenient for lunch on the go. If you've got a sweet tooth I would suggest their 7 Layer Bar or a gelato fresh baked cookie sandwich. You cannot go wrong with either. If you are looking for a quick and casual environment for a sandwich/salad/slice of pizza, I highly recommend Chloe's.
3	I really like the design and layout of this place. Plenty of seating at a wrap-around counter, some stand up space, and tons of tables of various styles and sizes. And each chair is unique. I came here two days in a row with coworkers. The first day, I had the pastrami and swiss sandwich. It was okay. The bread was overcooked and had little flavor. Came back the next day to give it another shot, this time opting for the salad bar. It was a little better but one thing I found here was just a bit odd. When you get done filling your salad bowl with the contents of your heart's desire, your salad is weighed and you're charged by weight. So far, not odd at all. But I had also filled one of those small, plastic "to go" mini cups with oil and vinegar for the salad. I was holding it in one hand while I handed my salad to the cashier with the other. She immediately reached out for the cup of oil & vinegar, saying "hey give me that, too."I thought she was joking, and handed it over. She then dutifully placed it on the scale along with my salad and added "just keeping you honest, sir."LOLOkay that's fine. Not like it set me back much, but I really thought it was odd to insist on weighing a teaspoon of oil. Food is okay, service okay. Chocolate chip cookie excellent.[Hint: pocket the oil next time]
4	This is a nice downtown spot in CityScape.  Lots of urban hipsters abound but if you can get past that it is well worth it.  We were enjoying our time sitting at the counter enjoying the downtown view when the owners came over and said our pancakes had taken too long to get to us - over 12 minutes - so they would be no charge.  We didn't want to say we'd waited longer at IHOP.  We graciously accepted and after paying for only our iced coffees;  we tipped our server mightily.  Very impressed with the customer service.
4	Great place for lunch or breakfast. Lots of open seating indoor and out.  Internet access and great customer service.  Someone will consistently come to your table and ask if you need anything else - even if you're there for a couple of hours working away.
4	I work downtown just across from City Scape. This is generally my go-to place for lunch. Walking long distances in high heels is not my forte. Anyway, the Chinese Chicken Salad is the best. I normally receive excellent service here, but the last few times I have gone in the service hasn't been up to par, and the last time I went in I ordered my salad in advance so I can just pay and leave, and the girl said my order was never placed. She never said sorry, just said it would be a few. They were not busy at the moment, so that's whatever.Love the space, though. Nice and big!
5	Just moved back to PHX and I was excited to see the opened up a location downtown since my wife and I used to go to the Kierland location all the time before we moved away. My wife had the turkey cranberry and I had the chipotle turkey, both were delicious like we remembered. The location and decor are awesome, great place to relax after a day at the science center.
5	Oh my--I have discovered Chloe's Corner! I cannot believe that I've been here and working in downtown PHX for 2.5 years and haven't walked around enough to find CC. A coworker recently took me there for lunch. I love the variety of waters (Gerolsteiner!), the salad bar, and the healthy foods on the menu. The place is open and airy, and the eat-in counter that surrounds the chefs is cool. Additional seating wraps around the Central Street side down to Jefferson, and there's great seating at a corner that looks towards Chase Field. There's outside seating on the CityScape side as well. I've been there several times over the past couple weeks and have tried half of the salads. I can't choose a favorite right now, though the Chef salad or the Corner Chop would be in the running. LOVE Chloe's Corner! This is my new favorite place to get lunch when I work downtown.
5	Very cute breakfast\lunch spot.  A little over priced but there is something for everyone here.  Lots of great seating, food options, salad bar, sandwich bar and   barista corner.  I ordered a Sumatran chemex and a bagel & lox.  Super friendly and fast service. Manager was always present, approachable and helping out on the floor, engaging customers. Small specialty food items in the grocery section.  This is an ideal place to pack up for a gourmet picnic, desk lunch or quick bite.
4	Good simple quality ingredients. I had the Turkey raspberry chipotle sandwich and it was awesome
2	I had such high hopes for this place. Came on Saturday 1030am for brunch, the place was almost empty. I didn't want to sit at the bar so we sat at an open table. A worker came up and informed us they don't do "table service" and to order at the bar but didn't bring us any menus. Despite us being the only people there they couldn't provide service? I got the 'corner favorite', eggs were cold, came with a tiny slice of pineapple, the whole plate was cold. The juice bar wasn't open and workers were just hanging out rather than offering service. You could get better food at an IHOP and better service too. There are way better place to eat in phoenix than here.
5	Perfect place for a quick bite. There is a little something for everyone: a decent salad bar, coffee bar, sandwich shop, juice bar with vegan/raw treats, and a little mini grocery section with fresh fruits and snacks. I'm so glad I found this spot while I was in town. Affordable prices and a yummy selection!
4	The atmosphere draws me here....the food keeps me coming back.....I love this place!
4	It's confusing who to tip, the food is great, Morayne and Scotty are the best wait-staff.
5	The overall vibe is great. There's so much variety, you never have to get the same thing twice if you don't want to. There's coffee, gelato, pastries, salads, sandwhiches, and even good breakfast food! The location is perfect. I think this is what downtown Phoenix is all about.
5	The Corner is making some changes and all for the good. They still have the same great management and friendly staff. Today I tried one of the many things they have planned for the restaurant. The self serve hot food bar, which is right next to the build your own salad bar, (where I have created mountainous masterpieces of salad)The cost for the hot food bar is same price as the salad bar and you'll pay by the pound after they weigh your plate of food at the cashier. See the image (number 60 on this page) of my plate which had  roasted veggies, meatballs, penne pasta, garlic bread and cherry cobbler on it. I had it toward the end of the day so I think that is why the pasta was a little dry. Now the meatballs in tomato sauce were just right, the roasted veggies of zucchini, yellow squash, red and green peppers, onions, and more (I love roasted veggies) were delicious and the cherry cobbler was excellent! A friendly staff member told me they plan on having different hot dishes everyday along with expanding the choice of items on the salad bar instead of mirroring it on both sides. A special extra thumbs up for The Corner having some of the friendliest and helpful staff anywhere, and consistently so!
5	love the new weekend  brunch menu!! The Eblt is awesome!!!
4	The Corner has implimented some new offerings on it's already successful salad bar. The addition of hot food items is very welcome. Our favorite is the mac and cheese! The staff is friendly and helpful. The management is always present to insure good quality food and service. This restaurant is an excellent addition to Cityscape in downtown. The Corner is full of surprises well worth exploring.
5	Used them sight unseen to cater our marriage reception at downtown location. John and his crew were amazing. His pricing was superb. He followed through on every email and costs were perfect. He and his crew came through with the perfect food, beverage and all items were great. His quarter sandwiches were a hit and his cheese plate was outstanding. Thanks John and crew-first impressions are you guys are the best.
3	This place has gone down hill since the change in name/ownership. I go to the salad bar 2 or 3 times a week, and since ownership has changed they don't keep it the salad bar as tidy and also they run out of items frequently or just don't monitor the bins to know when something is empty.     It's still decent but, I'm afraid it is going to continue the downward spiral.  I hope I'm wrong, but....today there was a Band-Aid on the salad bar....I should have taken a photo.
