5	Circo is by the same company that does Le Cirque. Who would have guessed? It also happens to share the same kitchen facility (although they don't share cooks and things) as the neighboring Le Cirque. Its a little larger, and less intimate than its finer brother... and its *surprise*, a italian restaurant. That being said, this is a great place.  On its own its probably one of the best 3 italian restaurants in the city and the prices aren't as bad as its greedy brethren. The lobster salad, porcinis, and the white truffle rissotto are life-changing. I love this place.
5	Superb!!! One of THE best on the strip. Reservations highly recommended.
1	The restaurant is beautiful, the service was great, the food ranged from mediocre to downright bad.Maybe it was an off night but I was seriously disappointed.
3	I went here 3 years ago and I have to say I had the best ravioli I have EVER eaten.  I went back a week ago, and the service went to the dogs.  The ravioli was just ok.  Slightly disappointing.
5	yummmm i had the best lamb there mmmm the service was fantastically seamless.
4	Located at the front of the building, adjacent to casino. Windows look out on the water where the Fountains of Bellagio water show is performed.Tip: If you want window seating, make a reservation at least 24 hours in advance. Ambiance was wonderful and decorator touches were in keeping with fine dining venue. Service was excellent. While the food was good, the quality did not match the prices. Having said that, this restaurant is the least expensive in Bellagio.
3	The view of the Bellagio foutains is awesome.  But that's pretty much it.  Our waiter told us that the dish that keep bringing people back is definitely the lamp chop.  So I ordered it, along with another coworker.  It was fatty, oily, and really, I've had much better.  The crust was good and the portion was large but that wasn't what I expected from "the dish that people come back for" at a restaurant like Circo.I am giving them 3 stars because my beef carpaccio app was decent and so was my sorbet dessert.  But I don't think I'd be back again.  With all those amazing Vegas restaurants to choose from, it's not going to be on my list of re-visits unless someone else is paying.
1	Circo is supposedly one of the fine dining establishments in the Bellagio. Walking in you feel regal. Sitting down you feel taken care of. Taking in the decor- a plethora of reds and yellows, marble and silks, you feel as if you are sitting in a high class giant circus tent without the animals and trapeze artists. While first impressions are important, that is where the term for Circo's "fine dining establishment" ends. First of all let's go over the criteria of what makes a restaurant a fine dining establishment in no particular order:-Location-Ambiance-Quality of Food-Service-Price-ReputationCirco is in the Bellagio. It's related to Le Cirque. It's expensive. It's looks pretty. I expected more. Was there an elephant sitting in the middle of the room because the staff at Circo pretended they didn't see it. There is something very wrong about the restaurant and it seems as if they don't care. The food selection is mediocre as well as what it actually tastes like. Nothing to jump out of your seats for. No parties for your taste buds. You won't remember any dish here as being 4 stars. Circo, being a restaurant where people actually go to eat, we have to set the food aside and focus on what makes this place a bad place to spend your evening and empty your wallet.The service here is terrible. First of all the waiter was delivering food to the table next to us and pouring wine when he somehow jolted and poured wine down my friend's back. "Oh my, sorry." "Oh oh!" as we grab for our napkins to dry the excess liquid. Really we are thinking, "What are you going to do about it?" "Sir, we can have your shirt dry cleaned for you. What is your room number?""Oh. We're not staying at this hotel.""Oh. Then we can't dry clean your shirt for you."Well gee! You pour wine down my friend's back, ruin his shirt and you can't even get it dry cleaned because we're not staying at the Bellagio? Circo did nothing to compensate for this disaster. No curtesy appetizers, no complimentary meal, no offer to pick up the bill for dry cleaning else where, nothing. The most embarrassing to Circo is that the lovely couple next to us felt so bad they sent a very fine bottle of wine to our table, got up and apologized even though it was not their fault but the waiters. Circo does not take responsibility for their actions nor do they care about the quality of product they offer to their customers. It's a pity.
4	We hosted one of our committees for dinner here, and we all had a very nice time. They took a little long to bring the food, but that's to be expected for a group.Very careful, attentive, and pleasant staff really make a difference. Very positive folks work here.The place is joyously decorated, and very well appointed. You are assured one or two VIP sightings in this restaurant, as well as outside in the casino.Everything I tasted was fresh, excellently presented, and tasty. They even re-created one of my favorite mixed drinks upon request, and didn't charge a fortune for it... though they may have for everything else we ordered!Ladies, be sure you bring a shawl or sweater with you as it can get very chilly indoors in Vegas.
4	Ah yes, Circo. Well, this place is not for everyone. I wouldn't exactly say you get a lot for your buck, but what you do get is amazing lamb chops and steaks. Side dishes are above par, and the wine is too, but you do pay. My first visit there, with my friends (party of five) came out to about $600.00, but that was partly due to some expensive wines. The location is superb. If you have ever been the Belagio and have seen the water show from the sidewalk, well in Circo, you see the show from your seat inside and it is fabulous. (Oh no I di'int just use the word fabulous)My first of two visits here was a few years ago when Ocean's 11 was being filmed and as we were chowing, in walks Clooney and two hot trophey's in tow. This is definitely a place stars visit. Food really is good and if price is no object to you, then the good service and food make it worth it. Of course, there are a lot of choices in Vegas, this place just happens to have a great location.  Ask for a window seat. Of course, if price is a factor, keep looking.Sometimes a $12.00 Prime Rib casino buffet tastes as good as a $100.00 dinner. As long as you don't mind sitting next to a woman with pink sweats, a fanny-pack, Herbie The Love Bug T-shirt and a Stratosphere pink visor and her hubby that has a gut the size of Rhode Island, but still insists on tucking his undersized Nascar Tshirt in, sporting his name on his belt buckle while wearing socks in his sandals.
4	wonderful deco, food, and experience. Love their dessert donuts!
4	Duck filled Tortelloni!!!For our LV marathon meal the group went to Circo in Bellagio.  There are many choices in Vegas so I was glad the restaurant was already chosen and all we needed to do was shoe up.  The service was perfect and the restaurant was bright and conducive to conversation.  Although I wanted to make sure I had a basic meal before the marathon I really could not pass up the duck filled tortelloni and I am glad I didn't it was so yummy and rich.  As far as the ambiance goes it is a little like a glorified circus in Circo but for some reason it does not come across as tacky or kitschy.  There is a view of the fountain from the front seating and although I did not partake, their wine selection is extensive as well.  The bill came out to about 675 for 8 or 9 of us.If you are looking for hip this is not the place but it is a good choice for solid italian food and a comfortable non pretentious atmosphere.
4	Delicious and I pretty much gorged myself on food, from the seafood appetizer platter (delicious, fresh oysters, shrimp, tuna tartare, crab, lobster conveniently de-shelled), bread & olive oil, and NY steak medium rare w/ a truffled potato gratin and sauteed spinach. Don't forget the dessert... Italian donuts, souffle, and little meringue cookies were unbelievable. Wine was superb as was the service.
4	Very nice spot for a special sit-down meal when in Vegas.  With the Cirque du Soleil inspired decor, ambiance is colorful yet tasteful.  The drapery creates a tent-like feel.  The place reminded me somewhat of Fleur de Lys in San Francisco.  The windows overlook Lake Bellagio and you get to enjoy the impressive fountain show thoughout your meal...very cool.Service throughout our dinner was impeccable.  Food was all well-prepared and generously portioned.  The Buffalo Mozzarella & Tomatoes is a great start.  Proceeding with the Rack of Lamb is highly-recommended.  Most racks of lamb I have had are wimpy and leave me hungry...Not the case here.  Portion was huge.  The ice cream pastry-type dessert that we ordered was superb (memory lapse prevents me from recalling what it was called exactly...sorry).If you can rip yourself away from the slots & tables for a few hours, Circo will reward your tastebuds with a jackpot.
5	Fantastic meal, the service and food were both perfect. I had the hand rolled spaghetti with bolognese sauce and now I am addicted to hand rolled spaghetti. It was creamy and perfectly cooked. We split a tiramisu for dessert and it was by far the best tiramisu I have ever had. Perfectly rich yet had a wonderful dark chocolate bite to it and no alcohol aftertaste. The wait staff here is on top of their game. They are fantastic from the moment you enter until the moment you leave and the bathroom are great too. Very soothing colors and cloth napkins for your hands! I highly recommend it. Dinner for two with two entrees, one cappucino, one glass of wine and one dessert: $88 before tip.
2	Wish I could write a good review, but I can't.  The decor is cute, loud and a bit obnoxious when you keep looking at it.  The fountains are beautiful, though.  The night started out great....  nice table, early reservations and not too many people in the dining room.  The service was good, although the food lacked flavor and was somewhat good on paper, but not good for eating.  I really thought that the food was going to be superb as they are related to Le Cirque, but the food was not good at all.  Nothing to write home about for sure!  We started with the lobster, crab and asparagus, creme fraiche pizza....  soggy crust and bits of lobster and a watery crab mixture...  yuck.  Then heirloom tomato with shrimp with borgata cheese - a big cheesy mess, rabbit loin stuffed with sausage - mediocre, but not delicious.  Entrees were the octopus and calamari stew -  alot of seafood, but a bland broth.  My partner had the Swordfish Putanesca.  The fish was all chopped up in little pieces and served with spaghetti.  Even Maggianos serves better italian cuisine.The best part of the meal was the Italian doughnuts and the panna cotta.  I do have to say, the service was good.  It was better than some other high end restaurants.  It is just too bad the food does not match the service.
4	The service will keep me coming back, the food was mixed.My date and I were running behind and Circo staff kindly honored our reservation even though we were about 30 minutes late.  We had a great seat by the window which allowed us to catch some of the fountain show over dinner.  The ambiance was definitely bright and festive, and while it wasn't to my particular taste, it was fun and fit in with all the over-the-topness that Vegas is.The cocktails were poured stiff which I enjoyed but is definitely a matter of taste.  As we were running a little late and were supposed to catch "O" later, we were prompt with our orders and our waitress was very accommodating and friendly given our time-crunch.We started with the Beef Carpaccio and both enjoyed it.  It was a nice and light starter though slightly on the salty side.  Next up, was a Sausage and Vegetable Risotto for my date and Pan-seared Scallops with truffle for myself, both specials of the day.My Pan-seared Scallops were mostly fantastic (one scallop was smaller and turned out a little rubbery and over-cooked), and the truffles were absolutely delicious as expected.  The green beans were simple and prepared aldente.The Risotto on the other hand was pretty bad, as the rice was very noticeably undercooked.  In hindsight, given our time-crunch, perhaps Risotto wasn't the best selection we could have made, but there you go.  When the manager came by and asked how everything was, we let him know about the Risotto.  He apologized and asked if we would like a different entree instead, noting that he could have any pasta dish ready in five minutes.  We thanked him but declined as we were in a hurry.When the bill came he let us know he removed the Risotto from the bill which was entirely unnecessary.  Every interaction we had with the staff of the restaurant (host, waitress, manager) stood out as exemplary in an era where I find service to generally be poor.  Hence I am giving Circo the benefit of the doubt with four-stars.  I simply docked one-star for a poor dish.  I will be back and update my review at that time.
5	I'm not a big fan of lasagna  but Circo's version was delicate and delicious.  The meat reduction glaze was a perfect accompaniment.  The complimentary chef's selection of dessert samplings was impeccably arranged and wonderfully tasty.  Would return again for future visits!
4	I just like the fact its a beautiful place to eat that you don't have to get totally dressed up for, you know? Ambiance - one star Service - one star95% of the food - one starDessert- one starMinus one star because my crab/lobster risotto was just not fully up to par. Just missing something, some umph. Don't get me wrong, it was ok, just not great. All the rest of the food was excellent. Oh! And the donuts! God those were good!
5	We had great service and even better food.  My martini was reasonably priced and the staff where polite enough to suggest wines for the others in our group that were in their price range.  We were there for my girlfriend's birthday and we got a table right next to the window with a great view of the fountain show.The sheep's milk ravioli was so good it still has me craving it.And don't forget to try those amazing Italian donuts
5	We kicked off our Las Vegas getaway with dinner at Circo.  It was a pretty tough act to follow!My fiance's dad is a regular at Circo so we were in for an extra-special time.  The entire experience exceeded my expectations, by far.  We had a window table and a perfect view of the fountains.  As soon as we were seated, Dominique, the general manager came to greet us and chat with my fiance's dad for a few minutes.  We started off with salads.  I had the spring salad with champagne vinaigrette, gala apples, caramelized walnuts and gorgonzola crostini.  That was almost enough for a meal in itself.  Fresh, delicious and a great balance of flavors.I wanted something "homey" so I ordered the lasagnetta primavera with pesto and fontina cheese.  The pasta was so light and delicious it makes me wonder why I never make homemade pasta. (Too much work!)  It does inspire me to attempt to make it, though.  The vegetables were delicious.  Their grilled flavor came through and they were cooked perfectly.  The pesto was flavorful and light.  My fiance ordered scallops that were one of the specials.  Wrapped in prosciutto, they were mouth-wateringly good.When we were nearly finished with dinner, Dominique stopped by to check on us once again and told us to leave room for dessert.  Ten minutes later we were each presented with a different dessert: warm chocolate molten cake for me (yum!), tiramisu, creme brulee and strawberry souffle.  These decadent desserts were accompanied by a glass of Moscato.Lastly, since we were celebrating both my and my fiance's birthdays, an adorable pedestal with miniature delicacies was delivered.  "Happy Birthday" was written in chocolate sauce and a little pink candle completed the presentation.I cannot say enough fantastic things about the entire evening.  Needless to say, I will absolutely be going back next time we're in Vegas.Thank you Circo!
2	Don't waste your money, especially if you have a vegetarian in your party. My $48 beef entree was good, but I've had better meals for half the price. My husband had a vegetarian lasagna that seemed to be filled with oh-so-elegant birdseye vegetables? Seriously. For $20 plus, you couldn't use something fresh, Circo?Our waiter was stiff and made us feel very uncomfortable. The server asked us if we wanted wine the second my butt hit the chair--uh, first, I'd like to know what I'm eating before I get too excited about the wine and I need a couple of minutes to look over the wine list. It wouldn't kill you to add some Lodi reds to the mix, Circo.I would not go here again. Overpriced hype. Go to Fashion Show, get a veggie hot dog on a stick and spend your money at the tables.
4	went here for dinner this past weekend.  the ambiance was delightful and the service was excellent.  we started off with the antipasti appetizer plate, the dried artichoke did not look very appetizing.  we also had the water mozzarella which was accompanied by a golden tomato, and that was very good as well.  my friend and i shared the halibut entree. they were nice enough to split it into two dishes, and it was very nice and light considering this was our third dinner of the night.  it was her birthday so they came out with a creme brulee which was the best i've had in awhile.  you should make a visit when you're in vegas!
4	Back at the Bellagio now and looking for coffee. We walked by Circo and it seemed empty. My wife and I had been here years before and enjoyed it.We joked with the maitre'd about our earlier experience with B&B. Of course he countered with you should have came here first.Being relatively late now, the dining-room was empty and we were seated right by the window so we were able to enjoy the fountain show.Aside from coffee, I had a Grand Marnier souffle. YUMM! Especially if you didn't have dinner!
2	went here on a last minute notice with a group of friends that i was with for the weekend.. we booked it for le cirque but MAN yelpers and price ranges were not very accurate... so we decided to go to another restaurant...i have had better italian food honestly. some of us got pasta dishes and i got the fish.  it was decent, nothing too special..  the decor is unique, reminds me of being in a circus with all of the flamboyant drapes hanging and such.  service was decent.  if someone were to ask me one word to describe this place.. i would say "EH"
4	Reading some of the not-so-impressed reviews, I'm thinking that me and my party got lucky and were there on a good day.Keep in mind that the menu seems to change once in a while! I'm guessing every 2-3 weeks?We had the following (I tried bites from each):Penne with shrimpThick "spaghetti" with bolognese (a lot like udon)Duck tortelliniBeef tenderloinEach was spectacular!The food is rich but not too much so that it becomes gross after 3 bites. It is just as innovative as it is traditionally filling (in the purpose-of-food sense).The service is great!We had the cheapest wine by the bottle (a Sonoma Zin), and it was very nice! Their wine list is pretty extensive.I'd say that if you're craving good wine and Italian soul food, you should give this place a try, especially if you're staying at the Bellagio.
4	I came to Circo on a whim,  not reading any reviews, just hoping that the Bellagio would do me good. I was pleased overall, the place was pretty fancy with an attentive staff and great food. The best part of the meal is the view of the fountains of Bellagio. On most nights they go off every fifteen minutes and are still a spectacle even without the sound. Definitely request a seat with a window view. The food and drink also impressed. A couple people in my party ordered a bottle of wine which was served promptly but a little to sweet for me. I got a beer from a wide selection and enjoyed it throughly. We asked for a sizeable app to split between two people. Our waitress offered the tomato with buffalo mozzerella and I jumped on that real quick. To me it was below average. The tomato was good but the mozzerella seemed lacking. There was also only dabbs of balsamic vinegar. I like to shower in that shit. For my entree I ordered the prosciutto wrapped scallops. This dish was godlike. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the prosciutto was somehow fused to each scallop. It was topped with truffles and a rich sauce that made me stand up and do the robot. I also tried my buddies seabass which, although not as good as my scallops, was pretty darn good. We decided to pass on dessert and recieved what I thought was a pretty modest bill for a nice Las Vegas dinner. To me, being able to sit with friends, watch the fountains, drink, and eat delicious food is worth the price of admission.
4	I liked this place, but it was definitely pricey.  The cheapest glass of red wine was $14.  They really do climb up your butt about ordering booze the minute you sit down, but whatever.  My $16 glass of wine was fabulous, and when my husband ordered a highball, they made it right (unlike the Eiffel Tower Bar).I had the spaghetti with bolognese sauce.  It was super yummy, but (expectedly) salty.  Hubs had the duck, which was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  We finished it off with a Grand Marnier souffle.  YUM!It's nice to see the water show while you're eating, but also entertaining to see the neon sign with bare chested men right next to it. Romantic and entertaining all at once.
5	Great dining experience. For an appetizer, we shared a Pizza alla Crema Bianca con Salmone Affumicato di Norvegia e Caviale Norwegian Smoked Salmon, Onions, Capers, Creme Fraiche & American Caviar. This was a great start to a perfect dinner. The Sliced Roasted Duck Breast, Vin Santo Sauce, Smoked Onion Marmalade, Potato Croquette was delicious. If I could do it all over again, I would have the Carre di Agnello in Crosta di Pecorino e Timo con la Peperonata di Mamma Egi Rack of Lamb Crusted in Pecorino and Thyme, Mamma Egi's Peperonata. I got to taste a piece from someone sitting at the table and it was simply divine. By far an outstanding
5	Perhaps it really is quite good, or maybe I began with low expectations.  Regardless, my impressions of Circo were splendid.  We were originally not able to make reservations because we called just an hour before, but finally they were able to reserve a table without a fountain view for us.  The restaurant decor was rather extravagant, and in fact looked like the restaurant version of Cirque du Soleil (which I believe is what they were going for).Anyway, I believe we got the hand-rolled spaghetti along with another pasta dish, and they were VERY good.  Speaking as someone who spent several months in Italy and ate her way through delectable goodness, I was definitely impressed.  Wish they had one of these in the bay area!
4	First time dining in a nice restaurant inside of a Vegas hotel, so I didn't quite know what to expect. Would there be slot machines at our table?I was pleasntly surprised by Circo. First of all, have a reservation. We went there on a Saturday night and couldn't get in until 10pm without a reservation. And we were lucky to be able to do that.Most of the tables here had a view of the water outside of the Bellagio. You could watch the water show from here.On to the food. Excellent. And it better be for what you pay, but the service is top notch. Our glasses were never even close to empty and the spacing between when the server would visit your table was just right (not too often).MAKE A RESERVATION!!!!
4	Just o.k.  I am not sure if my expectations were outweighing the experience, but that was the way I felt.... calamari was good, the lobster was good.... didn't have dessert as we went over to jean phillip instead.
5	Every time I eat here it doesn't disappoint.  The Macchioni family are really hands on at this establishment as it is run by one of the sons.  It's real Tuscan fare with fun surroundings.  And the view doesn't get much better.  You have a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains which really makes you feel like you've been transported from the buzz of Vegas to the quiet serenity of Tuscany.We started our journey with the spring salad with toasted walnuts, gala apples and blue cheese crostini.  The balsamic champagne vinegarette was light and refreshing and the cheese didn't overwhelm my palate.  Next, I ordered the small ($20 for the small, $30 for large) spaghetti bolognese.  The spaghetti tasted like it was fresh made with large noodles with lots of texture, not gummy or chewy and the bolognese tasted as if its been simmered for hours.  It had the lightest notes of wine, rosemary and fresh tomatoes.  The hubby ordered the specialty of the house which is the lamb chops.  They were perfectly cooked and the spice rub on the outside didn't overpower the meat.  If you are unsure what to get as the bartenders while you are waiting for your table for their recommendations.  They are knowledgeable of the menu and offer great advice.  Also, make sure you make a reservation otherwise, its not likely you will get a table, but you can always try to belly up to the bar.Truly fantastic.
4	why can't we do half stars???? Pros: Amazing view - Bellagio water show went off all throughout dinnerGreat food - had a mixed table (meat-eaters and non) and everyone left very full and very happy. Pasta for the table to share, steaks and sea bass....yum!Special event - Lisa with group reservations was awesome. Set up a huge cupcake display to celebrate the big bday, didn't have to worry about a thing!Cons: this is where I'd take off the 1/2 star....Large group - not so good....we are loud, not obnoxious loud, but having a good time, couple of bottles of wine loud...and there was ten of us. We were put at a table in the main dining room (not sure if there is any other??) but the crowd was definitely couples trying to have a romantic weekend. Not too thrilled with the table of thirty-somethings trying to get the party started. Oops, sorry....we got our karma at The Bank if that makes you feel any better.....
5	We could not have chosen a better place to celebrate my 50th Birthday!  After being told that Olive's was "Fully Committed" for the evening, we headed down restaurant row. Not really being into French Cuisine, we checked out the menu at Circo and decided to give it a go.A full 5 Star experience all the way!  Let's start with Nicole, our server.  Nicole performed her duties with grace and ease.  Ever watchful, never hovering, always timely, Nicole exceeded our expectations at every step.Now, the food!  One word... Delicious!  The Cheese Plate appetizer of Brie, Goat Chevre', a hard Pecorino and Fontina with Truffles complimented with raisin-walnut bread, a berry conserve and a surprising banana-hazelnut mash was perfect.  Followed by an enormous 5-Prawn cocktail, and shared pasta dishes this meal was one of the top 10 we've ever had, anywhere!The finale' was a Tiramisu with coffee gelato, a single candle and a signed in chocolate with "Happy Birthday!"Delightful in every way!A relaxed and casual atmosphere with 5-Star service and exceptionally great food!So, when in Vegas take in a meal at Circo!  You'll be glad you did!
3	Nothing memorable... can't even really remember what we had for dinner. Nothing was bad, but nothing was great either. Bleh...
3	I remember I was about 12 the first time I ate at Circo.  I didn't really have any expectations.  It was just another restaurant my parents dragged me to.  We were seated my the window facing the Bellagio fountains.  While at the time I wasn't that much into the food (i blame it on the preteen angst), I did enjoy waiting the fountain show.  Since then, I have been back about a handful of times.  Its been getting better.  I want to like this place so much that I keep hoping they'll change my mind.  But now,  I think I only like it because of the nice views from the windows.  The service is ok.  I found the decor to be a little annoying and distracting.  And overall the was food just average.  I'd recommend trying Picasso instead for a very memorable dining experience.
1	I went with my boyfriend and 2 friends from the East Coast and the friends absolutely insisted on eating here after hearing about it from some travel guide. It has very pretty decor and we had a decent view of the fountains. That was about the best thing about this entire experience.Our maitre d' was extremely rude and had the nerve to roll his eyes at my friend who was deciding on where she wanted to sit. The food was waaaaaaaaaay overpriced, took forever to get to the table, and tasted mediocre. I had the ravioli and the boyfriend had fish that was overcooked. We ordered a bottle of wine for the table to share along with some other drinks. It took the servers a while to refill our drinks and water, but the biggest faux pas of them all? They took away our bottle of wine before we had even finished it! There was still at least a good glass left, and the server just whisked it away without asking if we were done.All in all, the service SUCKED. Servers were basically non-existent and don't even get me started on the maitre d'. If we weren't going to be late for our show, I would have taken the time to speak to the manager. The bill for 4 people came to around $400. Considering everything, I wouldn't have paid more than $150. Take your money to a far more deserving restaurant!
5	I wrote up Mario Batali's B&B Restorante and...  I wash my hands of Mario's restaurant and have found a new Italian love at the Bellagio.  Circo.My mob and I made reservations only a few hours earlier and found ourselves sitting in one of the restaurant's tables with a view of the famous fountains.  Bravo Bellagio.My guests ate off of the chef's tasting menu.  Unfortunately, the tasting menu isn't on the web site's menu, and as my wild, wacky Las Vegas weekend was a few weekends ago my memory is a little hazy.  I remember that the 2nd course, the pasta course, and the 4th course, the rack of lamb, were remarkable.My appetizer...  A half dozen seasonal oysters.My entree...  Pizza Prezlosa and lasagnetta with lobster, crab meat and shrimp with zucchini sauce.My desert...  I forget, but fuck me sideway was it sinfully sensational.A lot of what I ate was recommended by our team of attendees that never left us wanting.  Their recommendations were spot on.  My only noteworthy comment is the lasagnetta wasn't what I would call a lasanga, but instead a delicious fish pot pie like entree.It was unanimous among my mob and I, it was a practically perfect meal.  Take a bow Circo, because your at the tip top of my short list in Las Vegas.
4	Great seafood chioppino.  Also tried my wife's grilled sea bass and my high-roller buddy's rack of lamb - awesome.  What surprised me was the pizza and spaghetti with meat sauce was that they whipped up for our kids - delicious.  I was surprised how accommodating they were to our families despite their high brow reputation.
5	Circo restaurant at the Bellagio is one of the nicest restaurants on the strip. It is very expensive, and you do need to make reservations, but it is so worth it! Everything is wonderful here, the rack of lamb, the pizza, and their pasta is to die for. The place is beautiful and bright, and has a perfect ambiance. If you get seated by the windows, you can watch the fountain show outside. The service is wonderful and very attentive, definetly 5 star service!  Circo's is all around a lovely restaurant!
5	I'm writing this a little late but I'm kind of new to Yelp and trying to play catch-up on my reviews. Anyway...My husband and I went here for our 4th Wedding Anniversary. It was all part of the surprise evening I had planned for my husband. The Bellagio concierge helped me with the reservation (we stayed a night at the hotel even though we live in LV), especially since we would be eating after seeing "O". Once seated at our table, with a view of the fountain, our server was gracious enough to give us time to look over the menu and make recommendations. Here's what we ordered (yes, I remember b/c it was that good!):shared anitpasto-- Frittura di Calamari, Gamberetti, Carciofi e Asparagi-- absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly, esp. the asparagus.shared pasta-- Ravioli di Vitello e Funghi, Salsa d'Asparagi, Sugo d'Arrosto-- the ravioli were large which is one of the reasons why there were only 10 on the plate. I say "only" because we could have eaten more.my dish-- Pizza Preziosa-- yummie!!! So good and cooked just right. The arugola served fresh on top, after the pizza comes out of the oven, as it should be served.my husband's dish-- he can't remember and neither can I. Afterall, I didn't eat it. LOLWhen we were asked if we wanted dessert, we said no but the restaurant had a surprise for us. When the check was brought to the table, we were given the creme brulee (complimentary) and written on it was "Happy Anniversary". No, I did not set this up but was done by the concierge. The creme brulee was OMG! So good!!! Would we go back- not casually but definitely for a special occasion. Be prepared though, this is fine dining and therefore expensive.
5	If you love eating fine cuisine, but cannot quite afford Le Cirque, eating at Circo will provide you with an excellent culinary experience without going too far beyond your budget.During my recent weeklong trip to Las Vegas, I dined at Circo twice.  My first experience was with a group of co-workers with whom I was attending a conference.  We were seated at a table by a window, which provided us with a fantastic view of Bellagio's fountain show.  Our friendly server asked us if we would like to try Circo's caprese martini.  Yes, I said caprese: the tomato, basil, and mozzarella salad drizzled in olive oil and sometimes balsamic vinegar that you will find at most quality Italian restaurants.  Out of our party of six, three of us were brave enough to try this unusual sounding martini.  Our willingness for adventure paid off.  The caprese martini was sensational. The bartender started by putting basil at the bottom of a martini shaker and crushed it in the same way you would crush mint in a mojito. Then heirloom tomato infused vodka, white balsamic vinegar, and ice is added to the shaker.  The martini glass is sprinkled with a dusting of black pepper before the martini is poured into the glass.  Finally, the garnish consists of the classic toothpick adorned with fresh mozzarella wrapped in a basil leaf.  The result is a slightly tangy, surprisingly refreshing martini that allows you to "drink your appetizer," as the bartender put it.  Obviously, my intention is to focus on the outstanding martini.  However, I would be remiss if I did not mention the food.  I had the potato wrapped salmon, which was phenomenal.  When my husband arrived in Vegas to meet me a few days later, I was compelled to take him to Circo to try the caprese martini.  He enjoyed the drink and the ambience so much that we decided to stay for dinner.  We ended up eating our delicious rack of lamb right at the bar.  It was a delightful evening.  I even had the opportunity to watch the bartender make my martini.  My own decanter of heirloom tomatoes and vodka is currently resting on the countertop of my kitchen.  I just have to try to recreate my experience!  If that isn't a sign of a great restaurant, I don't know what is.
5	We actually came here in May '09 but didn't chance to write this review until now so here goes....The night before as we watched the fountains danced in the front of Bellagio, I had mentioned to my husband what a spectacular view it must be for those people who dine at Circo. As it turns out, my loving husband had already made reservation to take me to Circo to celebrate our 10th anniversary the next evening. What an unforgettable evening it was indeed to dine at one of the finest restaurants at Bellagio with the view of dancing fountains before y our eyes and being served by attentive staff . See my photos which correspond to several dishes... We ordered.. Appetizer - Veal & Mushroom Filled Ravioli - Perfectly done w tasty fillings drizzled with asparagus sauce Salad - Spring Salad Mix, Champagne Vinagrette, Caramelized Walnuts, Gorgonzola Crostino - Fresh and crisp Dinner Entrees Halibut - Very fresh fish and nicely prepared and baked. Rack of Lamb crusted in pecorino and thyme - just excellent - perfectly crusted on outside, tender and juicy inside, flavor was superb (runner's up to the Saratoga 's 'Original' Plumed Horse's Rack of Lamb) Dessert - -Tall glass of chocolate mousse tiramisu beautifully set in pink cotton candy cloud -Creme Brulee souffle -Homemade biscottis and brownies compliments of the chef to celebrate our 10th anniversary
1	Worst restaurant I have ever eaten at in LV. And I have tried nearly 100 "top rated " places. GREAT VIEW though.They served an overcooked tenderloin that was so bad- I had to send it back.  We spent nearly $200 between drinks and lame apps- waste of time and money- go elsewhere!!!!
4	originally recommended by my coworkers who are from europe and they said that this place had very authentic italian food. the service was impressive with about three different people that serve you bread, drinks and the food and they were all very cordial. our server was very personable and attentive. i liked that they weren't pretentious and stuffy. the dining room was bright and interestingly decorated and of course had a nice view of the famous water show. got there early so was able to get a table right against the window. was eating on a budget so we didn't order off the pre fixe menu but tried things that seemed be recommended by other people. figured if you're having italian you can't go wrong with pasta so tried the braised duck with pappardelle and the spaghetti with bolognese. both excellent and the portions are generous. you can definitely tell the difference between freshly made pasta and box pasta. well worth it. we also tried the dessert of the vanilla panna cotta with a strawberry compote which was very light and refreshing with the bits of citrus swimming in the berry sauce. a nice balance of tart and sweetness with the smooth vanilla speckled panna cotta. overall a nice meal but the only complaint i have is the person going around asking if you want a picture taken, which to me is kinda too touristy for a nice meal.
3	We were recommended here by a friend of ours.  Great views of the fountain.  Be sure to request a seat next to the window to see the show.  Service is excellent.  I had the tyme crusted lamb and my gf had the seabass special.  Both were good but very salty.  They were very nice and gave us a free creme brulee for desert as it was our anniversary.  Go for the show.  The prices are very high so be sure to hit the casino before hand to win your luck at paying for dinner.
5	Great place. Don't bother with anything that's not pasta related. Make sure to have a view of the foundation's or it's just not worth the price.
5	We went for the "Tuscan Tasting" option which offers a sample of the best/most popular items from the menu.  Also went for the wine pairings which at $40/pp is not a bad price considering the wine list can best be described as "not cheap".  The meal started with 2 oysters each which were very fresh and topped with a bit of caviar to add some saltiness.  Following was a very thin sliced raw swordfish marinated in citrus and topped with a bit of greenery, truly excellent think Shusi done Italian style!  The pasta was hand rolled and served in a wonderful Bolognese sauce.  Not a large dish but just enough. Then on to a grilled sea bass which was also very fresh and perfectly cooked.  Many reviewers mentioned the rack of lamb and that is the main choice on the tasting menu currently and it is really superb.  I think it is a slightly more mature rack than is typically served in restaurants and as such is larger and stronger flavored which when combined with the spices and roasted made it just the best. The 2 ribs served each was plenty.  The desert selection was perfect and provided a nice ending without being overfull.  Total tab with the meal, wine, tax and tip came to $322 for two plus $26 at the bar beforehand.  Oh yes, you can see the dancing waters from many seats but not all, so if that is important be sure to reserve well in advance.
4	The view, restaurant size and beef tenderloin are the only items that give it four stars. The salads were mediocre, hostess and server weren't all the welcoming and it was a little overpriced.
5	Went here a couple weeks ago and had a lobster salad, tomato soup, risotto, beef tenderloin and creme brulee; it was super delicious! Awesome view of the water show and great service. The decor is awesome.
3	I think Circo is the only fine dining establishment in the Bellagio without a AAA 4 or 5 Diamond rating, and I can see why. It's not that it's bad. It's just not stellar, which is what you should get for these prices. The dining room is beautiful - colorful and playful, somehow casual and elegant at the same time, with terrific views of the fountains through the windows. The service is friendly and attentive. But the food is just okay. It started on a good note, with three kinds of homemade bread in the bread basket, all fresh and flavorful, but it went a bit downhill from there. The caprese salad was one of the most expensive I've seen it anywhere ($18) and also the smallest (a single slice of tomato and mozzarella) - the mozzarella was okay (burrata would have been better) but the tomato was pale and unappetizing. For entrees, we ordered the mezzaluna special, the ravioli, the pasta with shrimp, and the sea bass. All of the pastas were very good but, again, quite overpriced for what you're getting. The sea bass was just awful. I'm not even sure it was really sea bass. If it was, it was the most thin and flavorless sea bass I've ever had. By the time the server came around to ask if we wanted dessert, we were all in agreement that we'd get dessert elsewhere. They brought some mini biscotti, a nice touch, and then brought a complimentary creme brulee, since it was one of my dining companion's birthday. The creme brulee was great, although some found it too sweet. Overall, I just wasn't impressed by the food. With so many spectacular restaurants in the Bellagio, let alone on the Strip, good just isn't good enough, especially not at these prices.
5	This place was amazing. Service here was stellar and the food came out very quickly. Gorgeous view of the fountains. Plus its an awesome space, it's very dim and romantic but fantastically decorated. I had the little half-moon spinach & prosciutto ravoilis that were delicious. Yes, this place is spendy but for the food, ambiance, and service, I say well worth it!
5	We had been staying at the Bellagio since Sunday and had been having a wonderful time.  By Wednesday we were tuckered out and barely did anything all day.  We woke up at 8:00 p.m. starved and on a whim decided to see if we could nab a reservation for Circo.  We were in luck.Upon entering the restaurant, I was impressed.  The decor was excellent.  I was treated like a princess.  We had a semi-private table with a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Almost everything we ate had truffles in it and the sommelier talked with us for about 45 minutes about wine & his training.  We are going back to the Bellagio in about a month and I hope to try Circo's older brother Le Cirque!Oh.. may I add our dessert had fresh cherry cotton candy in it?
4	Great italian food!  Some of the best spaghetti I've ever had, I could go on about the texture of the noodles and the richness of the sauce.Enjoyed the smoked swordfish appetizer,  the panna cotta was delightful and jiggly, bellini sunburst went straight to my head.Service was impeccable.  The setting was a fun circus with the Bellagio fountains out the window.Knocked off a star for the scary monkey that unicycled above the kitchen/bar.  Distracting.  The squid in the seafood stew was a little over cooked too.
4	I'm a little late in writing this review since I dined at Circo on Valentine's Day LAST year. However, I do remember my experience there. We started off with the Beef Carpaccio which didn't impress either of us. Our meals were delicious and made up for the not so good appetizer. I opted for the Lobster and my boyfriend chose to give the Filet with Gorgonzola a try. We were both delightfully impressed. As usual, my boyfriend chose to have a beer while I chose a Mint Martini. I was not pleased with my drink since it tasted like Maalox. Dessert was great and the service was some of the best we've had. It's a great place and I highly recommend it. They also have a photographer who comes around and takes pictures of you after dinner.
5	I was a little annoyed when I got to the restaurant and saw the prices, which I thought were outrageous... but it was totally worth it.  The food was incredible.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, perfectly served from beginning to end.  I had the chicken stuffed with mushrooms, and my husband had the salmon.  We also had salad.  We were so full at the end that we didn't even order desert... and I always order desert.
4	Great food but the service while friendly was slow.  Wonderful salads and soups. Nice white wine list.
4	We came to Circo for dinner before O.  Such a pretty space.  When I made the reservation, I told them that we were in town for our birthdays.  They very sweetly gave us a window seat, so we could enjoy the fountains.  They also put cute birthday messages on our dessert plates.  aww!  I loved my soup and sea bass.  Mom liked her ravioli.  The staff was so nice.  We had a blast at the bar while were waiting for our table.  I ordered a Fortunato.  It was pricey, but it was worth every penny.  Campari, amaretto, prosecco and bitters.  What a great way to start the evening!
4	Ex-boyfriend brought me here for dinner on my birthday while we were in Vegas. I don't know why, but we ended up with 3 different servers, which actually wasn't that big of a deal to me. I had the salmon and it was good, but nothing spectacular.. But I could just be biased since I haven't come across good salmon that hasn't tasted bland yet.The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 3 is because of the table they sat us at. They put us right next to the window, so we could watch the bellagio fountain show that would go off every so often. It was the highlight of the evening. Plus the decorations and the ceiling are very nice.
4	I almost feel bad giving Circo four stars instead of 5, but in all honesty for the amount of money you throw down at a place like this it really should be better. I will say the quality of our meal was solid. Great pasta, excellent sauce (arguably the best meat sauce I've ever had), and the seafood seemed fresh. Service was also on par with what you would expect. The sommelier knew his stuff and took the time to give us some good suggestions and samples. Also its got a great location and you get a nice view of the Bellagio fountains at night. Despite all of these positives a few things detract from Circo in my opinion:1) the aesthetic - although I understand the concept it was entirely too bright and colorful for my liking. Fabrics and materials used were good and the furnishings seemed well made, but the theme was wrong. I was there with family so it didn't matter to me, but I don't think this makes a good 'date' destination. 2) the emptiness-  we went on a Saturday night around 7p and there were literally 3 other tables in the entirety of this large restaurant. I know Vegas is struggling with the economy, but we went to plenty of other restaurants that weekend which were packed or mostly full. This either means that people don't feel that its worth the cost, or that they are doing a poor job promoting the place. Overall a nice experience and still a solid choice if you're catching a show at the Bellagio (as we were) and want pretty top notch Italian in a quiet setting. However, I don't think this is a great value and I think there are better restaurants to spend your precious (and fleeting) Las Vegas dollar.
4	Got the chefs sampling menu.  $85 dollars for 6 courses.  Added the wine tasting for another $ 40 . Need 2 people at table to both get this. Let me tell you this was a FANTASTIC DEAL.  Started with nice diced tuna tartare.  Super fresh . Bit of creme fresh and caviar.  Nice size portion. Then comes one large sauteed scallop wrapped in proscuitto.  Bit of sauce.  Perfect.  Then a small portion of a homemade tube pasta with a meat ragu sauce.  This was one of the best I have ever had. Perfectly cooked pasta, so fresh it was still evolving.  I could have been done eating right here, but then comes the sea bass.  Two nice pieces of roasted fish on top of several large artichokes with a great sauce.  I'm bad and cant remember the sauces- sorry to much wine- but they were all perfect matches for the dish.  Then comes the meat.  Two full size lamb chops. Tasting menu?  Way more than at taste!  Perfectly cooked, fantastic sauce and some awesome scalloped potatoes.  Way to much food. But then... you get a choice of deserts.  full size portion no less and each person can order which one they want .  Delicious finish.  And the wine parings.  I'm not talking about one sip of wine with each course.  I'm talking about a half a glass ( and in some cases what might even be a full glass compared to what some places now call a glass!).  All Italian of course and all really quite good.  Each one was expertly paired with the dishes.  Very impressive.Service was good to excellent. A lot of these vegas high end places have trouble with consistent service. I'm guessing lots of turnover and hard to train folks for high end service, but really had nothing to complain about.  Restaurant has a great setting overlooking Bellagio lake (if you get a table close enough to the windows).All in all worth every penny and then some.   I'll be back...Ciao Baby
4	Really great food! Vegas has as lot of great options, but we ended up going here because we heard great things about the lamb. It didn't disappoint! The desserts here are amazing and the service wasn't bad. I would give it a full five stars if the service was fabulous. Prices were high... but who cares in Vegas!
4	We were exhausted from a long day in Las Vegas, but the reviving power of food brought us both back from the brink.  We did not go for the chef's sampling menu experience, which costs $85 and comprises a half dozen courses, but we each got an entree.  My husband had the john dory which was divine.  It cost $40 and was served with a delicious artichoke puree.  I opted for one of the specials, which was a risotto with a plethora of truffles.  Mmm!  The cost for each of our meals was $40, but that was only because we were too exhausted for desert and we didn't order drinks.  Definitely a splurge, but well worth it for a lovely evening.  The view from the restaurant window was terrific with the Bellagio's fountain show.  Service was impeccable.
3	We went here on what was apparently, an off night for cooking. The lobster soup special was too salty and my MIL's tenderloin came our rare when she requested medium well done. We sent it back and she still couldn't eat it the second time as it was still rare (uneven charring throughout).That being said, hubby's pork chop and mushroom risotto were simply divine. And I only wish we could have gotten the name of that merlot we had as the accompanying wine. A definite yum.  I think we're willing to give the place one more try the next time we come back, just to see whether it was in fact, an off night for cooking.
5	We were first treated to Circo last year during Restaurant Week. We had a fantastic meal and I've thought about their tiramisu ever since.When this year's Restaurant Week rolled around I couldn't help but repeat Circo. I do not regret my choice.We snacked on delicious fresh breads before our starters arrived, we had the Caesar and Field Green with Balsamic Vinaigrette. Each were nicely dressed, fresh and crisp.Next, we both had Egi's Ravioli of Sheep's Milk Ricotta, Spinach, Swiss Chard, Butter Sage Sauce. We had it last year, too. Perfectly cooked pillows are stuffed with flavorful goodness. Again, it was wonderfully scrumptious. Dessert was tiramisu with coffee ice cream. Perfection. It's as simple as that.Service was exceptional throughout the meal. I doubt I can wait another year before returning. I can already hear the pasta and tiramisu calling me back.
1	Wow... for once I wish Yelp had a rating lower than one star.We decided on a trip last weekend to try a new place in Vegas, and after checking out the menu and a few reviews, Circo seemed like the place that fit the bill.We arrived for our reservation, and were promptly seated at a table with a view of the fountains, as requested.  This was about the last time I even remember being satisfied at this restaurant.Several groups around us were served several times before our waiter ever returned to go over the menu.  It was about 15 minutes from the time we received our menus to anyone ever returning to our table.We had informed the person we made the reservation with that we had a show to attend more than 2 hours after our reservation, but just wanted to ensure we had enough time.After the atrocious wait time for even a drink order, the waiter finally acknowledged our table and just asked if we were ready to order, failing to cover anything on the menu, give any sort of introduction, or talk about the chefs specials.  If this was standard for the restaurant I could understand, however we heard him give this introduction to every table seated after us that was nearby.I reminded him politely after taking my order that we did have a show to get to, and just making sure we could leave on time.  His reply was a dry "We'll do what we can".Our food came in a reasonable amount of time after ordering, though It'd be hard for me to call it quickly... given the pace of the night so far, this was a bit uptempo.After finishing our meal and having our plates cleared, we waited another 15 minutes before our waiter returned.  He brought a special dessert for our friend whose birthday we were celebrating.  It was a nice touch, but just too little too late.  Also at this point, he failed to leave the check behind, even though I had told him we needed to be somewhere.Finally the check arrived, about 20 minutes before showtime... so we were forced to hurry out of the restaurant and on to the theatre.The food itself was tasty, nothing to rave about, but adequate... although everyone felt the portions did not justify the price, except for the pizza.After a weekend of such pleasant experiences in a town that prides itself on service, it was literally heartbreaking to have such an awful evening in this restaurant.I know no one from our party will ever be back.
4	The food is fabulous and service is pretentious enough for a 5 star restaurant. Brought my Clients here before the 'O' show and everyone left satisfied.  We had an assortment of appetizers including beef carpaccio, mozzarella and tomatoes, Frittura di Calamari, Antipasto assortment. The  rack of lamb is their specialty and delicious especially with BR Cohn's Cabernet. An extensive wine list and we get to enjoy the fountain in our seat.
4	White truffle.  Very very good.  The white penne it was served on...awful!!!  I ended up scraping the truffle off and eating that alone (oh sooo good).  Overall, I do not recommend this dish.Great view of the fountains.Service was prompt and attentive.Average wine selection for a high priced restaurant.
3	Not bad, Not great, Just OK.  Their food quality didn't meet my expectations.  If the prices were lower, my expectations would be different.  If you want a ok-good food in a fancy trendy setting with the fountain view, this place will be ok.
5	We enjoyed another stellar meal at Circo. Seriously, this place has easily become our favorite restaurant.This visit we had crab and shrimp Risotto, Egi's Ravioli and the Rack of Lamb. It was all perfection. It only gets better with Tiramisu for dessert . Pure bliss. Service was exceptional and we even scored the prime table this visit overlooking the fountains.
1	So disappointed! I'm normally good when I travel to throughly do my Yelp homework to plan out my eating adventures, but this was a last-minute decision. Got the recommendation for Circo from the front desk at the Bellagio who was able to book us a table at prime dinner time on a Saturday night. The restaurant didn't even look half full, which should have been a pretty good indication that this wasn't the best choice.Ordered oysters for an appetizer, which were very small and disappointing. My friend ordered a pizza that was utterly disgusting and my ravioli was just ok. I could have made better at home. Expensive meal for no quality. On top of the poor food, there was an extremely over aggressive camera man wanting to take a photo shoot at our table and then came back with prints wanting to sell photos to us. What kind of 5-star restaurant allows their guests to be disturbed like this? Very disappointed, I will not ever be back.
4	Took a long time but lamb was truly amazing!!!!
3	Get the Lamb! Are only complaint is that we sat waiting for are meal for almost an hour.
5	Absolutely exceeded expectations - again.Started with the Rughetta, Riccia, Indivia e Mele and had the Filetto di Manzo Grigliato, Gorgonzola Fusa, Salsa di Vino Rosso all'Aglio, Patate Schiacciate, Asparagi in Prosciutto for my main course. (Yes, I did a copy/paste on those; Spring Salad Mix, Champagne Vinagrette, Caramelized Walnuts, Gorgonzola Crostino - cheese on just about anything is ok by me! The main course translates as Grilled 10oz Beef Tenderloin, Melted Gorgonzola Cheese, Crushed Yukon Gold Potatoes, Asparagus Wrapped in Prosciutto, Red Wine Garlic Sauce.I was so excited to actually eat my main course, I forgot to photograph it! Did manage to get the lovely dessert, though!Dominique now oversees both Circo and Le Cirque but made it a point once again to stop by and say hello. The charm of a French accent "leave room for dessert, eh." Once again, a delicious moscato, and the dessert they chose for me (for my birthday) was an amazing parfait, wrapped in pink cotton candy with the birthday candle, etc.  I love this restaurant.  I am certain to go whenever I am in Las Vegas.
4	Like everything at Bellagio, Circo exceeded my expectations. It's almost impossible to find authentic Italian cuisine in the states, but Circo comes close. The layout of the restaurant is exceptional and a number of the tables have a view of the Bellagio fountains. The restaurant is styled in a circus theme (as is Le Cirque next door). It's refreshing to find a fine dining restaurant set in such a light atmosphere.  Food:Ostriche (half dozen seasonal oysters, classic cocktail, mignonette sauce): Incredibly fresh oysters with delicious dipping sauces. Pici (hand rolled thick spaghetti, bolognese sauce, aged pecorino cheese): not a fan of the noodles, but the pecorino cheese was perfect. Tagliatelle (fresh tomato sauce and basil): My favorite thing on the menu by far, all of the flavors are extremely light and flavorful.Circo isn't the best restaurant in Vegas, but it's worth checking out.
1	Look, I am a local in Las Vegas so I know that you are going to be paying a premium to eat on the strip, but as far as nickel and diming its customers, Circo takes the cake. If you are going to charge that amount for food, it better be something good. There better be fresh ingredients, there should be good service, and there should be a decent ambiance. Circo had none of these traits.First, I never would have gone to this restaurant if it weren't for a group that convinced me to go with them. Before we went into the Circo we decided to have a drink at the bar across the way. I struck up a conversation with the bartender there about living in Las Vegas among other things. The bartender was a nice regular guy with the twang of one of the "boys" from the old days. After talking for a while he asked at which restaurant we were eating. I replied "Circo" and he laughed and said, "Hope you brought your checkbook."....Bad Omen.THE ATMOSPHEREWe get there and the atmosphere is like children of the corn meets Candyland. It seriously reminded me of the part in "Fear and Loathing" where Gonzo had to be pulled off the Circus Circus carousel because he took too much ether.There are demonic Monkeys on tricycles and clowns hanging from the ceiling. Why anyone would want to eat in a place like this is totally 100% beyond my comprehension. Unless of course they are a serial killer who decided to stop taking his meds.I understand the whole "French people like this sort of thing" thing, so ok, I can get past it. Plus the fountains were nice to watch, but I was always hesitant to watch them as I was sure as soon as I turned my back on the tricycle monkey from hell I would get a shank to the back.Anyway, I digress.THE FOODFirst of all, the food names on the menu don't actually make any sense. like for instance, if its a Caesar salad, call it a Caesar salad. Dont call it "Bagna Cauda" because that's not even what  Bagna Cauda is...Bagna Cauda is akin to a garlic and anchovy fondue. Hence why it translates to "Warm Bath"Bagna Cauda is NOT A CAESAR SALAD. And, by the way, I'm pretty sure they import their Caesar salad from pizza hut because it tastes exactly the same and has the same ingredients....But at least the pizza hut Caesar salad doesn't cost you 18 DOLLARS!I have to laugh at the other reviewers that posted saying this is "Authentic Italian"I digress again. I wanted to stay on the cheap side of things so I just ordered a roasted garden vegetable pizza and got a Peroni to whet the whistle. I figure O.K. you cant really screw this up.The Peroni comes out first (Peroni is like the Italian Budweiser...Its at the most about 13 bucks for a 12 pack at the corner store.) So i'm thinking for 9 bucks they are going to come out with a Hafbrauhaus style 1 liter stein for me to drink out of...WRONG...it comes out in apparently a drink-ware made for tiny people from another time period. On the bright side though it made my hand look gigantic in the pictures we took.The grilled "garden vegetable" pizza came out next...Since I knew I was getting bent over anyway for eating at the Bellagio I wasn't expecting too much. At least it met my expectations. The "Garden Vegetables" were the typical Eggplant and zucchini that were grilled using the same time honored techniques as used by traditional airline stewardesses. And the crust tasted like Boboli. (I actually like Boboli crust so its not knocking Boboli...but I dont really want to pay 24 bucks for it.)The girls got some other food that nobody could ever pronounce and they liked it at the time. It seemed fancy and shiny and girls like that sort of thing. But afterward, when they got back to their rooms they were face-down in the toilet from either food poisoning or they had become possessed by the monkey demon king. I'm guessing food poisoning since from my point of view, their fish was actually fresh sometime during the Carter administration.THE SERVICEApparently Circo is way too trendy for ice water... Because they don't give you any. Which is O.K. since when the waiter actually DID come around to pour the warm water he would extend his arm across to reach for the glass, thus revealing the ripe smell of industrial armpits. I had to keep checking him to make sure his shirt wasn't melting onto the table.The main waiter was probably nice, but I wouldn't actually know that since not even a babelfish could translate what he was saying. At least in the end he tried to stiff us on the check which had a couple charges that we didn't make. Now that I think about it, im pretty sure the reason why they use erroneous menu terms is so that they can add it to the end bill and nobody would be the wiser.All in all I managed to only spend 40 bucks and still look like I wasn't the cheapest man on earth to the present company. Even with my 40 dollar tab, our 6 person table was able to rack up a 480 dollar check only getting half entrees and apps.Never again Ci
3	I came here for dinner after seeing O, which was AMAZING, but I wish I could say the exact same about the meal. Although it had it's good points, for such a fancy place (with an even 'fancier' price tag) I was expecting more of a 5 star dining experience.My boyfriend and I got to sit at probably one of the best tables in the place which was a great start. We got a nice little table for two right by the window so we had a front row seat for the famous fountain show. It was a very nice setting in a quiet corner of the restaurant. Before we even went to the Cirque show we looked at the menu and knew that we just HAD to get the Pici, homemade thick spaghetti in abolognese sauce.I liked that they offer the pasta dishes in appetizer portions because that dish definitely would have been way too much as an entire entree. We shared the Pici as our starter and then I opted for the burrata salad as my entree. I really wanted their special rib-eye but the waiter told me they had already sold out of it :(  It was late in the evening though so it was understandable. My boyfriend chose the prosciutto wrapped rabbit for his entree and after ordering we just sat patiently waiting for our food while watching the water-works. When the pasta came out it looked simply wonderful. They split the plate for us so we each got our own little bowl of thick spaghetti with scrumptious meat sauce. The noodles were delicious, definitely freshly made and so nice and chewy. The sauce was also great; very rich with classic bolognese flavors, the perfect consistency and ratio of meat to sauce. And what was really nice in my opinion was that they put the sauce underneath the noodles! I had never thought of doing this before but it gave the pasta more of a chance to shine without being completely doused in sauce. There was a nice little blanket of cheese on top of the noodles too with a nice crispy fried basil leaf to top it all off. While we were eating our pasta though, I overheard the table next to us ordering and one of the women asked to have the rib eye. When the waiter told her the same thing he told me, that it was sold out, she practically begged him to check because she didn't want anything else. Now, this is what kind of bothered me because if I had pleaded like a little child for a dish that they told me they didn't have, would I have gotten my way? Of course somehow this woman got what she wanted since as the saying goes, 'the squeaky wheel gets the grease'. I've always hated that saying though because whining about something shouldn't get you what you want. This little bit of unfairness just kind of upset me and turned me off a bit because I felt like I had been lied to. Also, I was rather disappointed once my burrata arrived. Even though the cheese was nice and creamy, the tomatoes were pathetic. They were pale and thin, mealy in texture and for $22, I should be getting some gorgeous heirlooms!! My boyfriend enjoyed his rabbit though and it was pretty tasty but in my opinion it was also a bit dry. The flavors were all there but the execution was just not up to par for this kind of restaurant. Overall, the pasta was pretty much what saved this place in my book. The nice table and decor was helpful too, but just not enough to put this place at the top my list. I would come back again if I were in Vegas because the homemade spaghetti was delicious and not something that you can find just anywhere. I think my suggestion for people wanting to try this place would be to stick to the pastas. They all sounded wonderful and I would truly hope that they are all homemade. Also, I recommend coming earlier so you don't have to get your hopes up for one of the specials only to find that they our 'sold out'. Unless you are comfortable with throwing a tantrum to get what you want  :)
4	Prix Fixe menu=More bang for your buck. This place, thanks to the three course meal deal for about $50, was an overall enjoyable dining experience.Atmosphere: BEAUTIFUL. The inside is full of color. I feel like I'm in a circus tent - a super high class one (if those even exist). The seating is a bit tight, but it's still nice nonetheless. Also, if you get seated next to the window, you get to watch the fountain show a few times (and they play the music inside the restaurant).Food: I started with the Panzanella Salad-Ahi Tuna and Traditional Tuscan Bread Salad. The Ahi Tuna was soft and tasted amazingly fresh. For dinner, I got the Grilled 5-oz tenderloin & prawns - a sizable amount, but the meat wasn't as tasty and seemed a bit charred; I probably shouldn't have asked for medium well. The prawns were large and filling though. Dessert was tiramisu - it was a rather large portion of it and I was so full that I didn't get to fully enjoy it - bummer.My family tried the other options on the prix fixe menu, and overall they enjoyed them as well. I was told the spaghetti tasted light, fresh and healthy. My dad ordered the Panna Cotta (which has this jello texture to it) for dessert, not knowing exactly what it was. When he received it, we he asked him to remind us what he got, and he said: "Something jiggly." Needless to say, it was flavorful yet not too sweet and I actually enjoyed it.Service: A-ok. The guy was friendly but he didn't check up on us too much. Other people brought us our plates and they were friendly as well.Overall: I would recommend prix fixe, as everything else on the menu is way more expensive and you probably won't be as satisfied as you could be with three courses. Circo 'tis but a place to indulge, so you should make the most of it.
5	So good! My boyfriend and I went there for dinner before seeing 'O.' The service was outstanding, the food was delicious, and the view was beautiful! If you sit facing the window you get a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains!
3	Food:  2.5 StarsService:  4 Stars (Sommelier 5 stars, Wait staff 4 stars)Ambience: 4.5 Stars (Fountains 5 stars, decor 4 stars)Gee -- I really wanted to be able to give Circo a glowing review, but I can't.  We went in for the pre-show prix fixe menu and the fountain side dining, and left having enjoyed the fountains and the service (particularly the sommelier - I cannot say enough good things about William, knowledgeable, great service, personable, approachable) and the wine, but not the food.Hubby & I ordered essentially the same items on the prix fixe menu: (a) started with the Wagyu carpaccio (excellent and by far the best thing we at that meal and during our entire weekend in LV); (b) entree was the beef filet (although they were technically med-rare, they had obviously been sitting for a while before we got them and were just kind of "blah" -- they should have been much more flavorful); (c) desserts (1) vanilla w/ rhubarb panna cotta (rhubarb was nice, panna cotta was too congealed and dense) and (2) tiramisu was nice, though a bit dry.  The desserts had the feel of a mid-range (Royal Carribean) cruise ship dinner table (not buffet) dessert.  Just nothing memorable when it could have been much better.Looking back, I think where our food ran into problems was with the pacing of the meal.  It (the meal progress) obviously was set for a quick table turn, but we, on the other hand, took our time conversing with sommelier, enjoying our wine and conversation, and I don't think our waiter communicated our pace to the kitchen.  We lingered over our carpaccio, and I think it threw off the rest of the meal.Water and bread service was nice and efficient.Atmosphere was nice with a relaxed elegance and the fountains are just magical -- but then again, I am easily drawn to the water!  I could sit there or at Fontana Bar and watch them all day & night, if I could afford the bar tab!I wish I could say I plan on going back, but we probably won't.  At this price point, there are better dining options at several restaurants with fountain views.  Although, if I could sit there & just drink wine and eat carpaccio, life would be good!
4	Circo has become my favorite place to dine in recent years. When I heard that chef Massimiliano Campanari was leaving for Lavo back in April I was a bit concerned what that meant for Circo...There was no need for concern. Our table of three dined last night, the ravioli and lamb were still spot on. It was only the service that was lacking. We experienced nearly a 40 minute lull between appetizer and entrees. I suspect the kitchen was backed up due to a large party of 20 that sat down before us. Fortunately, the meal was yummy enough to forgive this flaw, but I certainly hope it was an isolated incident.
4	Only thing wrong was the guy taking pictures.  An Amazing Old Fashioned, fantastic dinner, great view, excellent service.  One star off, for the allowed paparazzi.
2	The Lamb Chops were really tasty, but other than that everything else was mediocre at best spending almost 100 per person (including tip). Service was good, but this place is over rated. If Bland is your cup of tea, go for it, and if you must go, get the Lamb.
2	We came to Circo expecting to be blown away, but sadly we were not. The restaurant is nice, the staff is attentive, and it provides an awesome view of the Bellagio fountain, but the food is not worth what you pay.We started with their soup (beans and veggies - can't remember the name). It was nothing special. Their buffalo mozzarella appetizer (really just a caprese) was alright. The tomatoes and the peppers made the dish. Again nothing special, but quite good when eaten with their house breads.My husband went with the lamb dish, which he really liked. I thought it was tasty, but I didn't much feel like lamb, so I didn't take more than a bite.I went with their scallops. The scallops were cooked well, but I did not think that they had much flavor. The white bean puree tasted like plain refried beans. Nothing there aside from the taste of beans. Try your luck at another Italian establishment...
4	Food was pretty good. I got the lobster gnocchi which was pretty good. Portion was small, but I guess that is how most upscale places are like. However there was a lot of lobster in the dish which was very nice, but the gnocchi was a little on the mushy side which sadly seems to be a problem with gnocchi at a lot of places. The view is great if you get a window table as you can look over the fountains during their shows while you eat which is great. The staff was very good at checking up enough without getting annoying. Had the gnocchi been not as mushy, and the portions a little larger I feel I might have given it 5 stars
3	My main gripe is that the Bellagio water show is FRIGGING loud and a distraction to the meal.Other than that, the food is top notch and the service is pretty good too. My friends and i shared the fresh mozzarella app and the beef carpaccio app. Both were top notch quality.I had the Pappardelle pasta dish, and it was goood. Very buttery. THe noodles are flat and wide like chow fun. mmmmm so buttery and heavy but soooo good. The sausage was crumbly goodness. I also tried the leftovers of my friend's trofie. Yeah it looks a bit funky...my friend says it looks like maggots. However it was AWESOME. The pesto was absorbed by the pasta. It was sooo good. YUM YUM YUM.Now if only they can install some sound-proof windows...
5	My wife and I went to Circo to celebrate our first anniversary and were greatly impressed. To be honest, the view alone - Lake Belagio and its famous fountains, qualified this restaurant for at least three stars. BUT they worked very hard for the last two!To begin with the service throughout was thorough but not pushy. I greatly respected their efficiency and politeness. The only delay came from the kitchen for which our waiter apologized. When the food did arrive it made up for the delay. Ironically, the appetizer of beef carpaccio was particularly noteworthy. It was melt in your mouth good!The cherry on top was the dessert with "Happy Anniversary" spelled out on the plate! That little detail was not necessary but greatly appreciated by my wife and I.
5	Yum! This place rocks. Great food and service and great wine list. The pappardelle is delish.  Make a reservation and sit facing the window for a view of the water show. There are lower price options on the menu so don't mind the yelp $$$$ category
3	I love the theatrical decor of Circo. I also enjoyed the big windows that had the view of the Bellagio fountain. I ordered a pasta dish and my friend ordered the risotto. We thought both of our dishes were very delicious. For dessert we got the strawberry souffle. It was so very fluffy and fruity, but it was not too sweet. I really enjoyed the dessert, although I have had better souffles.
3	A nice location with a nice view of the fountains outside of the Bellagio. Staff was good although the Italian accents are hard to follow sometimes. My wife wondered if they purposely did that for a more 'authentic' experience.  We tried the tasting menu and other than the beet salad and the delicious desert I was underwhelmed by the scallops (which tasted over seasoned) and the lamb which seemed to lack much taste. The spaghetti was pretty good though. If you are going to the cirque du soleil O show the restaurant is close by.
5	A new favorite! We called for reservations in the morning (Sunday) and were seated at a table right in front of the window with a view of the Fountains (8:30-9 pm, table for 3). Spectacular! I couldn't believe our luck.I had the lamb and it was sublime. Juicy, rich in flavor, extraordinary. A must try!The sommelier was helpful in picking out exactly what I wanted. I found a wine on the list that I very much enjoy, but wanted to try something new but similar. He found a wine that had many of the same characteristics but of a completely different region (South American vs. my familiar Italian bottle). *That's* what fine dining is all about.Their dessert menu had so many fun choices. We were quite satiated, but had to give them a try. If you're a little budget conscious and intimidated by the cost of a full meal, make a late reservation and just come for dessert! You won't be disappointed.The decor is bright, bold, and cheerful. Makes a great pair with tickets to see O! The music in the restaurant syncs with the Fountains so you will get the full experience.
3	Went to Circo with a big group that was in the mood for some fine italian dining. My opinion was it was good, but not a restaurant that I would be running back to. I had the steak as my main dish and its was okay, nothing special. We got a bit of pasta in the middle to share which was pretty good, and a cold seafood tower to start with which apart from the freshness its pretty much the same everywhere (this was pretty fresh). I wouldn't object to trying again if someone I was with wanted to go, but who the choices you have in Vegas, I would prefer to try some place new.
3	Had dinner here on our last night in Vegas and it was a good meal.  Not spectacular, but good.  Wine list was great, they had a Ferrari Carano Siena red for $59, and if you've never tried the Siena, I highly recommend it.  We love it, it's such a great red wine that most people will enjoy because it's not "too much" of anything, not too dry, not sweet, just a very well-rounded red.My husband and I shared a beet salad (I have been obsessed with beet salads lately, they are suddenly on every menu and I order them every time. It's becoming a problem).  The salad was just okay, kind of boring.  We also shared the gnocchi with lobster and it was very disappointing.  The gnocchi were really mushy, almost like mashed potato consistency, nothing like any gnocchi I've ever had.  Gnocchi should have a little bit of a bite, IMO, and this was just mush.  Yuck.We both ordered the same entree (this NEVER happens!) the veal milanese, a breaded, bone-in veal chop with a lightly dressed green salad on top.  It was good, the veal was very juicy and had good flavors, but the breading was a bit too crispy.The view of the Bellagio fountains was amazing and the restaurant was so beautifully decorated.  The service was good, we had a very nice server who was knowledgable and attentive.  Overall, I just felt as though the food fell slightly short of being a really great meal.  The service, setting and decor made up for it slightly, but I'm not sure I would return to this restaurant.  There are too many incredible restaurants in Vegas to waste a meal on a mediocre one.
3	My boyfriend brought me here for Thanksgiving dinner, to lift my spirits after being turned away from 2 buffets on the day we got to Vegas. My little heart was just set on turkey and stuffing! Don't get me wrong, my evening was so special for more than one reason, but being honest about the food...We were trying to find Le Cirque, but we found this place instead, no wait, so we went in. Pricey? Oh yes, much more than I felt comfortable with being treated to. But it was beautiful with a gorgeous view of the fountain show. It felt... as casual as fancy dining could be. I was dressed up but I saw others in more casual clothes. The waiters were fancy, put my napkin on my lap etc, and called us Sir and Madam, despite the fact we were about 20 years younger than anyone else in there.The Turkey was alright, kinda dry, but the lovely stuffing underneath made up for it. I even got my bf to eat the brussel sprouts! His pasta, he said, was one of the best he's ever had, and my cocktail was delicious as well.My only complaint is that we were somewhere that we could hear the waiters talking to each other, and I heard one tell the other to "keep and eye on those guys". They seemed to "hover" around us much more than the other patrons, I'm not sure why, if they thought we were gonna dine-and-dash because we were young, I don't know. But overall the experience was pleasant, definitely upscale experience, the food was good but not "I'd spend all this money again" good. Worth it if you pay for the experience mostly and not the food.
5	Juan and I were here the last week of December for dinner. This restaurant is located inside the Bellagio Casino. The food and service is beyond excellent. Our waiter was very welcoming and attentive. On the other hand, the hostess was not welcoming at all. We didn't make a reservation, but we were seated in less than ten minutes. I ate pasta, a Cesar salad, and had an ice-cream dessert. Juan had a steak dish.The restaurant is very clean and fancy. The prices are a little high. We spent about $140 for both of us. From the restaurant you can view the fountain show at night. I would recommend everyone to go to this restaurant to have dinner with their significant other.  It is a great place to go and celebrate a special occasion such as an anniversary. With no doubt I would go back.
5	An out of this world dining experience.My two girlfriends treated me to a birthday dinner here the 2nd week of September. We had originally planned to eat at STK (Cosmopolitan) but because we booked so late we couldn't get a reservation there. Luckily it worked out in our favour :)We were seated promptly and given a table overlooking the Bellagio fountain. We decided to skip the apps and go straight for the mains. I ordered the rack of lamb. By far - probably the best lamb I have ever eaten. The herb encrusted lamb was everything I could have dreamed of - tender, juicy, crispy herb crust, and the meat was literally melting in my mouth. Definitely worth every single penny. I don't remember much of the accompaniments since the lamb was the superstar of the plate. I was surprised with a mini tiramisu 'Happy Birthday!' dessert. Doubly espressos ensued and were perfection. All the servers and our sommelier went out of their way to make the night memorable and beyond exceptional. I will for sure come back here on my next trip to Vegas.The best part of the night was meeting Wynn on our way out :) Shout out to Wynn if he remembers the 3 ladies from Dubai!
5	Wow wow wow!Recently came here with a group celebrating some special visitors in town. Absolutely remarkable service. Our table was in a small room to the right of the main dining room and overlooked the Bellagio fountains. The view was gorgeous.The owner of Circo, Mario, sent us over a bottle of prosecco and it was a wonderful apertif to start our meal.Two people in our group opted for the prix fix menu (I believe it was $85/person) and that contained five courses.The remainder of our table ordered off the regular menu:-caprese salad-dozen oysters (delicious!)-duck panzotti (little triangle raviolis)-mushroom risotto-lamb chop-filet mignon-sea bass (one of the specials for the evening)-pappardelle with sausage (my selection, yummmo)Everyone loved the food. We also had several bottles of chianti. It paired wonderfully.To end the meal, Mario sent over a selection of desserts:-tiramisu (my favorite of all the desserts)-creme brulee-pannacotta-pineapple mango souffle-assorted fruitsDinner took us around 3.5 hours. It was leisurely, enjoyable and delicious. I will definitely come back to Circo for a special dinner out and of course thank you to Mario for making our evening so special!
4	This place is pretty phenomenal. I had booked it for a special occasion through Open Table and walking up to it (in the Bellagio) I was terrified. This place looks cheesy as hell from the outside. I was expecting  a clown to seat us for dinner. Luckily, the inside made up for it. The decor was still circus themed, a bit strange, but in a more subtle way. We got a table overlooking the fountains which made for something like seven water shows. Maybe I'm just cheap, but I'd never been to a restaurant with levels of waiter before. All of whom were there to serve me. I felt like I was on the Titanic (pre-Iceberg). My date and I split a burrata appetizer, which was a lot of mozzarella, even for two people. I had Mama Egi's pasta; it came as a much larger portion than I anticipated and I was pretty happy about that. The pasta was delicate and creamy, exactly what it should be. The head waiter gentleman seemed more than happy to help with wine recommendations, but those sort of things intimidate me. The apple dessert was incredible and I wish I could eat it every day. It's a great little place if you need to celebrate something special or if you just made mad cash playing blackjack.
5	OMG! This place is amazing! We came here after getting married and asking the concierge at the palazzo for an incredibly romantic restaurant. The food was amongst the best we have ever had. My husband ordered the truffle risotto ($75 for a main it worth it) which was incredibly creamy and flavoursome and I ordered the osso bucco where the meat melted in your mouth combined with the ceamy polenta and rich gravy. With the exception of the woman at the front desk who had attitude to the nth degree (in any other situation we would have walked away. She should not work there!) the service was impeccable. Loved, loved the circus setting and the ambiance of the restaurant overlooking the water show at the Bellagio.
4	We had a nice table by the Bellagio fountains which added a element of fun. Botton line, we had amazing food. One of the top risotto dishes I have ever had and their spaghetti bolongese was light and fresh.  The Brazino took me back to the Amalfi Coast.  Unfortunately after all this food, there was no room for dessert.  Next time...
2	Given it's pedigree one would expect the sublime food that made the NYC one so famous. After dining at both, I finally realized Le Circ in all its glory was more about stature and less about the food. The ossobuco is to die for. Everything else was just -- sub-par. Don't bother with the pizzas. Service excellent. Prices fair. Drinks strong. Food just isn't very memorable.
5	Very impressed.
4	My wife and I wanted to make short notice reservations at a different restaurant in the Bellagio complex but it was booked and the concierge suggested Circo.As we had italian the night prior (which wasn't all that great) I was hesitent and skeptical from the begining.I have to say that Circo greatly suprassed my expectations.  The choices on the menu were vast and covered an great variety of Italian foods.  The wine list was very extensive although on the pricey side.  We wanted to sit by the window to see the fountains and so we showed up a half hour early for our reserved time stating that we would wait if a window table opened.  Within 5 minutes we were seated and at a table right by the window with a great fountain view.  The entire staff was curtous and attentive.  The food was great!The only downfall and the only reason I did not rate this 5 stars was that once we had finnished dinenr our server appeared to have vanished and took a long time to get us our check.  Also dessert took a while to get to us.The wandering photographer charged way too much for pictures and in hind site we should have just said no thank you.  At $70.00 for one folder of some basic pictures that was a mistake on our part.  Always ask the cost up front.  Overall a good experience and a restaurant I would not hesitate to visit again.
4	The food is absolutely amazing, great selection, kind manager. However, with a RSVP, we waited a very long time and couldn't order quickly after being seated due to a menu shortage.
4	my pasta bolognese was super tasty. my friends steak was phenom. we had a table with a view and the staff was really friendly. it honestly wasn't anything AMAZING or over the top but it was tasty and we had a good time and really no complaints!
2	I went here for restaurant week.  It started out on a sour note when we had to wait 30 minutes past our reservation time to be seated.  People would walk in after us and then get seated prior to us - maybe due to the fact we made it known we were there for restaurant week?  Once we were seated, the service was great and the sommelier was very helpful, which is why this review got 2 stars.  Most of the food was pretty bland and under-seasoned.  Out of the six dishes we had, the calamari appetizer was the only good one.  Overall I was disappointed and definitely expected more.
5	Absolutely, magnificently beautiful with table service that is a standard I judge other restaurants against.First, while the theme for this restaurant is a circus, the jewel like colors and beautiful design choices just seem festive and celebratory rather than garish and loud like an actual circus.  Add to the the beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains, visible as they whoosh up from even the back of the room and you have an exquisite dining space.Happily, the food and service measure up to the dining room.My dining partner and I were both wearing tuxedos when we came and the host seating us automatically made the appropriate switch from white to black napkins.  This doesn't always happen, even at very upscale establishments.  We were asked if we had theater engagements and told our server that we were happy to have a leisurely meal.I've dined at Circo three times and never had a disappointing dish.  Everything seems to be delivered to the table at the precise moment that it should and service is magical.  Never rushed or over pronounced and yet always there when one needs assistance.Our last dinner consisted of caviar service, salads, Linguine with clams and finally the tenderloin.This restaurant tend towards a high standard but is conservative on innovation.  Dishes never seem stodgy but are very classically presented.The caviar was served in a jar in a bowl of ice with a mother of pearl serving utensil with all the traditional elements.The salad was simple but the greens were so fresh and the flavors melded so perfectly, it was again an example of a classic presented in absolute perfection.The same with the Linguine alla Vongole or Linguini and clams.  Beautifully prepared noodled perfectly prepared, sauced in a light sauce that perfectly complimented but didn't overwhelm the fresh clams which were perfectly cooked.  Just an exquisite treat. The filetto di manzo again was perfectly grilled with a wonderful porcini wrapped pate that was mouthwatering.  Everything was done with delicacy and restraint.  We finished with a grand marnier souffle that again arrived at the table in the perfect state of doneness.Circo is not the most innovative restaurant on the strip but its utmost attention to every detail of the dining experience make it an always reliable choice of a ravishingly perfect meal.  It is also worth checking out the small but beautiful bar area where this attention to detail is followed through in the mixing of drinks.
3	Nice, upscale atmosphere with great views of the fountains and strip.  I had the sea bass which was such a small portion and not very good (may be my fault for ordering fish at an Italian restaurant)
3	Went here on Tuesday night. The staff was very nice considering our party was over an hour late for our reservation. We had some trouble at the airport. The service was friendly and the restaurant is beautiful. The views of the Bellagio fountains are fabulous.For dinner I had a salad ($12) that was pretty standard and the Ravioli dish ($25) that was good but nothing I would rave about. The wine selection is nice. Had a couple glasses of the house Pino Grigo which hit the spot. All in all I think  its a bit over-priced. I do realize that it's Vegas so I'm always prepared to expect to pay up the wazzooo. I just think with all the other truly awesome places on the strip I probably wouldn't go back. Unless someone else was footing the bill again.
1	Service was ok but the food was terrible. If you like ceaser salad that taste like carp and gnocchi that is so soggy that it squirts through your teeth then this is the place for you. When the head guru came to the table and I explained he told me that's how it's supposed to be! BRILLIANT!!!
3	My boss took me here on a business trip.  The dining room is nice and I like the circus theme.  They didn't have an earlier space for us than our 9:45 reservation, so we decided to sit at the bar. My boss had been here before and said the pasta was good.  The three of us split the caprese appetizer per the waiter's recommendation.  Why I'm not sure because it was...caprese  It was good but I liked it as much as any other caprese I've ever had.For the entree, I was eyeing the SPAGHETTI CON BOTTARGA: sardinian grey mullet bottarga, roasted garlic, super tuscan olive oil, peperoncino, lemon zest but the waiter insisted I get the RAVIOLI DI MAMA EGI 'mama egi's' recipe,sheep's milk ricotta, spinach, swiss chard, butter-sage sauce.  He kept telling me it would change my life and that most people don't finish the spaghetti, but everyone finishes the ravioli.Well, let me tell you why: because the serving is, as ravioli in restaurants always are, tiny!! The ravioli was nice enough but it didn't change my life like he promised.  I still wish I went with the spaghetti.The service was good aside from the recommendation. haha.Look, Circo isn't bad but there's too much amazing stuff in Vegas to pay this price for food this mediocre.  I didn't have to get on a plane for this stuff!
4	I would recommend this place. Really good atmosphere, i would tell them to request foudntain seating to enjoy the nice view of the bellagio fountain. Food is pretty good and the price is somewhat pricey of course but your in the bellagio what do you expect.. i would dine here again. im glad i was able to check this off my list of restaurants to eat. reccomend the rack of lamb my friend was licking that to the BONE i was like dayum! haha i had their flatbread and pasta there.. very good and great place to socialize with your freinds.
3	This is another one of those restaurants where I'm stuck between 3 and 4 stars, just wishing Yelp would create a 1/2 star option...so we'll go ahead and round down to 3 stars just because of a few minor details. Had reservations at 9:15 on a Friday night and we were seated promptly at a table by the kitchen (unfortunately, we were extremely far from the windows for a view of the water show). Let me also say that I really despise circuses...but loved the decor in this restaurant. Five stars for that. We requested just normal tap water and the wait staff seemed almost annoyed with this selection. Uh, sorry we're not sorry that we won't spend $9 for bottled water? Give us a break. This lead to infrequent refills of our water-- that's a big negative for me as I am the polar opposite of a camel and drink water like I won't have any again for a week. Okay, enough of that rant...PLUS: We had some delicious salads. A prosciutto & melon salad and the classic Caprese. Big props for these two!The bread: Yess, we were fans. One of them tasted like pan pizza crust..the whole table agreed. So good! Meals:--Pappardelle: Wide noodles served with sausage and wild mushrooms. I was looking so forward to this dish, and I think it only fell short in my eyes because of its sauce-- or, rather, its lack thereof. There was NO sauce, just an almost excessive amount of melted butter covering the dish. It was good, but almost a tad bland. My mom and sister enjoyed this dish, though. --"Mama Egi's" ravioli: Either order this as an appetizer, or split this and another dish with someone else at the table. Extremely delicious, but also extremely rich. I couldn't eat more than four or five of these mini raviolis without wanting to stop because it was so rich. --Quail. I had never had quail before, and my sister's boyfriend ordered this dish. I only had a bite, but I liked what I tasted. He said it was better than what he was used to. Dessert:We ordered the bombolonis (donuts)-- ooh, sugar-covered goodness. Came with a raspberry sauce and a strong chocolate sauce. Overall, Circo wasn't bad. It wasn't bad at all. It had its strong points, but also fell short in some areas. I'm willing to pay my share of money for food in Vegas, and this wasn't cheap- which is fine, but it could have been much better. I personally prefer Stratta over at Wynn.
5	This will now be the restaurant that we judge all other restaurants by.The attention to detail is like no where else!Just a couple of examples --1) when changing the table cloths for the next guests the bus person went through at least 5 cloths before he was able to find one that was not stained or have another flaw in it.2) when they had the tables made the pedestals that the table tops were attached to are carpeted so your shoes don't tough the metal base.  CARPETED who would have ever thought of that. 3) The Ceasr Salad is one of the best that I have ever had.  There house made dressing is wonderful.  And the salad was not over dressed.
3	I went to the sister restaurant in New York and enjoyed it very much. Was staying at the Bellagio this past weekend and was feeling Italian, so gave the Vegas locale a try.The restaurant was similarly decorated with red drapes on the ceiling and a spinning circus themed chandelier in the main room. But being situated right on the lake, dining in the evening was especially pleasant with the fountain show in the background (if you're lucky enough to store a table by the windows).Oysters on the half shell - fresh, sauces are good. only thing is that the oysters were so small! =(Beef carpaccio - great looking slices of meat with arugula and shaved Parmesan cheese, but all I really tasted was the arugula... I was craving something else on it for a more kick of flavor.Pancetta wrapped scallops - well cooked, really enjoyed the sauces that came with it.Fisherman's stew - the soup flavor was fantastic, we asked for a 2nd basket of bread to soap up the remainder. the pieces was seafood was fresh and bigger than I expected for a stew.A really solid meal in a beautiful atmosphere. Unfortunately while everything was good, there wasn't anything too special to savor and remember Circo by, unlike the amazing green pea ravioli I had at the New York location.
5	This restaurant is fantastic. From the food to the service to the atmosphere to those amazing fountains, everything about Circo is amazing.Try the Colorado rack of lamb. It was cooked perfectly at a medium rare temperature, and was without a doubt the best rack of lamb I've ever had. It was one of those rare dishes you hope never ends.The oysters were also excellent, as was the caprese salad. Our waiter was one of the best I've ever had and, while I don't remember his name, he reminded me of Kevin Spacey and gave us a free dessert for my fake birthday.Plus, those world-famous Bellagio fountains are in the background, providing perhaps the most romantic scenery Vegas has to offer.I cannot recommend this restaurant highly enough.
5	Just ate at the restaraunt Circo in Bellagio casino. Very very good food, I had fresh diver scallops with celery root puree and zucchini spears. A little pricey but you pay for the ambiance of the restaurant and the water show hydrotechnics (yes, I just made that up). Enjoy it if you're in Vegas.
4	Was looking for a nice restaurant nearby on a Friday night and ended up here. We were seated right next to the windows, and had a great view of the Bellagio fountain shows.For our appetizer, we ordered the Antipasto del Circo per La Tavola, which came with various cuts of meat, cheeses, and fruits. Everything was fresh and tasted great. I liked how you could order the platter based on the number of people at your table.I ordered the Capesante (prosciutto-wrapped scallops), which was delicious, especially with the sauce it came with. The scallops were perfectly cooked, but I would've preferred the prosciutto to be crispier. Although the dish only comes with 3 scallops, it was actually pretty filling. We were all too full by the end of our entree to order dessert.Service was wasn't bad. They usually checked on us often enough, but there were a couple times when we were waiting for them to come around.I definitely wouldn't mind dining here again. There were a lot of items on the menu that looked good.
3	Nothing spectacular here except the view and the service.  If they could tighten up the menu and maybe simplify their dishes to be truly rustic italian, they would be on to something.
3	When in Vegas, one expects to spend more...just part of the experience...Circa serves a nice, Caprese salad...thick slices of both tomato and mozzarella di buffala, but pretty hard to mess up.The Chilean Sea Bass special was excellently prepared (appropriate size portion - very moist, sweet, and delicious), but not certain, even for Vegas, that it rates a $45 price tag.Courteous, friendly service at the bar by Curtis, a true professional.
3	I just came back from dinner at Circo. After reading all the rave reviews I was very excited to try this place. I love all the fresh red and yellow rose bouquets that they had at each table, very classy. I also had a decent view of the fountains, though my party was sitting about 4 tables back from the window. I liked the circus theme, it was done very creatively. The ambience is nice, but the food taste wise fell short especially for the price. The raspberry fizz martini was delicious though!I decided to try the chefs tasting menu (cost $88). I chose the caprese salad, duck ravioli, scallops, lamb and I picked the strawberry tart for dessert.The food arrived within good time, though I thought it took the server a little too long to greet us and take our order at the beginning. The caprese salad was just ok. It is served with a special kind of very smal leaf basil. There was only a little sprig of it, so there was essentially no basil flavor. Duck ravioli was nice, I liked the mushrooms it was paired with.Only one scallop is served with the tasting menu but it is a large one. The presentation was very nice on this. I thought the scallop was cooked very well, and was one of my favorite dishes here, though I have had scallops at other places I liked better. I didn't really care much for the lamb (you pay an extra $9 for this). It is heavily encrusted in herbs, but surprisingly it didn't taste the strongly of herbs. The meat seemed fairly chewy, I had a hard time cutting it with my knife, and I had ordered it medium rare and it was really red. The strawberry tart was ok. the arrangement of the strawberries on top of the tart was pretty. The filling was a mix of strawberries and something else? It was very mushy and didn't have much flavor. The was also a mini strawberry smoothie served along side. There were some pop rocks in it, so that was an interesting surprise. The strawberry sauce in the smoothie was a bit intense, tasted like fake strawberry syrup, it was too sweet. I think a smoothie made with real strawberries would have been better.
2	For the price, and the other reviews, I was actually really disappointed. We came here for the first night of our vegas trip with an early reservation (5:45pm) so that we could make it to a show afterwards. We opted to do the pre-theatre menu ($49/person) that ended at 6pm, and we got seated and ordered just under the wire (the hostess annoyingly had us wait in the front for a few minutes even though it was pretty empty).My sister and I ordered everything to share, we got starters of the Buffalo Mozzarella salad and the Fritto Misto. The tomatoes on the caprese were not as ripe and flavorful as I would expect, and the fried calamari had a nice crisp and delicious sauce, but was rubbery :( Our entrees were the Chicken and the Salmon (the star of the meal). All of the food has spectacular presentation, I might add. While the salmon was cooked nicely, almost everything else was overcooked - the chicken was extremely dry and hard to eat, as well as the polenta. The potatoes served with the salmon were soggy and hard at the same time. I have no idea how that happens. Such a shame.Our server was conscientious about asking if we had a show to attend and they were very quick about getting us our desserts, the Tiramisu and Panna Cotta. The tiramisu was sublime, especially the ice cream, but the Panna Cotta was just strange. Pretty, but strange. Our bill came to be $164 for two of us with 2 drinks total and tip.We did love our drinks, which were very pricey, and also the decor. The inside of the whole restaurant is very attractive, vibrant, and whimsical. Just wish the food could stand up to its appearance, its ratings, and its price.
4	Service was excellent.
5	Wasn't expecting Circo to be so amazing but I'm a huge fan - It was wonderful service, a nice quiet atmosphere and the food was delicious.  The decor is fun, and make sure you ask for a seat near the window where you can watch the Bellagio Fountains.  In particular - the bolognesse was unbelievable - and also very highly recommend trying the lamb and osso bucco.  Definitely one of the best in Vegas.
4	Good for business but not for a family type gathering.  Support staff somewhat robotic...is it not ok to smile?!   Food good and wine list extensive.  Water show outside a nice touch.
4	We really enjoyed our meal at Circo.  The service was quite good as was the food. I had the Carpaccio with limoncello dressing and a ravioli with a sage and butter sauce. Both of my dishes were wonderful.  My spouse had the fish special, it was fairly tasteless.  Overall the restaurant provided a nice evening out for an extended family meal.  We especially appreciated the fact that they did not rush us.
4	One of the better Italian Ristorante in Vegas, worth a visit.
5	Circo is gorgeous. It was the perfect date night dinner with my husband. It is expensive, but you are in the Bellagio, over looking the fountains in Las Vegas. We each had a Cesar salad which was divine. Looking back, I might have skipped it though, the main course was so rich and delicious, and the dessert was so unforgettable, that a salad was unnecessary....delicious....but still unnecessary. The pasta was delicious, I ordered the Pappardelle, but after tasting my husband's Pici Toscani, we switched. My husband is sweet like that. The Pappardelle was amazing, it was incredibly savory. However the Pici Toscani was bursting with flavor and the hand rolled spaghetti was just perfect. We had a souffle with strawberries for dessert which was, as Ciara G. would put it, 'Church'. Everything about Circo is rich and elegant, without being ostentatious. I recommend making reservations, they use Open Table if that is easiest for you. They also have a pre-show menu if you are planning to see 'O', which you really should...but that's another review.
4	I actually can't speak to the price here, as I was treated for a work event.We were seated with a great view of the fountain out in front of the hotel, but because we were in a room with huge door/windows all around us, it was a bit chilly.That being said, the chill in the air was the only thing that caused me to detract a star - the food was awesome.Started with the Insalata Mista - the "fresh seasonal fruit" was craisins, but they mixed well with the ricotta and walnuts. I really wanted to try the rack of lamb, but I didn't want to be "that person" who ordered way out of the price range of everyone else at a work-related function, so I "settled" for pasta like everyone else."Settled" being in parentheses because the Pici Toscani (hand-rolled thick spaghetti, bolognese sauce, and aged pecorino cheese) was delicious. It ended up being exactly what I needed. Should have realized that carb-loading would be needed for a conference in Vegas.The table next to us ordered donuts for dessert and they looked - and smelled - amazing. We were too stuffed from our hand-rolled pasta to bother, though, and still had an after-party to head to.
5	This is one of those situations where you are trying to impress a date and it worked. Calling around trying to make reservations, Yelp will only allow you to make reservations for one location though. I had a few reservations around town to a few other fancy places, not as fancy as this one but the view was fantastic. My date had asked if we can be seated by the window overlooking the fountains of Bellagio. I told my date, don't worry, it's all covered. We were definitely seated by the window. Wine list, menu, water glasses, cloth napkin laid out on your lap. Definitely something one can get used to but keeping it to special occasions would be preferable.Ordering the calamari as an appetizer, couple glasses of wine to start was already impressive service. I then ordered the beef bolognese while my date ordered a seafood dish everything arrived at the same time. While we waited just listening to the fountains was a huge roar as water shoots so high our conversation was interrupted each time. When I explained that we had to leave to catch a show, the waiter came with a box for our leftovers and the check as I requested. He boxed everything up for me and processed my bill. We got here before the dinner rush but I think if we stayed for a while the service would have been impeccable as it has throughout our brief experience. If you have any doubt and can't decide between the Chinese restaurant next door and this one, I would pick this one in a heart beat.
5	What more can you say about an Italian restaurant at the Bellagio?After watching Cirque de Soleil "O" we booked a table at Circo - RECOMMENDED - and had a great meal, perfectly portioned for a late evening, with a nice selection of wine.Staff was attentive but otherwise discrete, the noise level was appropriate for conversation and we had a good view of the famous Bellagio Fountain.I would recommend the "set" menu as it offered a good variety of choices but the quantities weren't overwhelming.  We had room for dessert.Orange Souffle.  The only way to end a meal.  Well, that and chocolate, of course.
2	We didn't have a great experience at Circo. I started with a really good martini and "insalata mista."  We then waited over an hour for our main dishes, and the server didn't come check on us once or let us know what was going on. Overall, the service was terrible. We had to hunt down a server to order coffee towards the end of our meal, and we waited forever for the check. My sister also got sick from the chicken which wasn't cooked all the way through. Some of the other dishes were good, but by the time they came we were so ready to get out of there and play in the casino that no one really could enjoy it. None of the food was worth the price.There are many great restaurants in Vegas, I would recommend passing on this one and going somewhere with a guaranteed good experience - especially if you have a show to make afterwards.
3	I picked out this spot from the great book "Eating Las Vegas." While I am usually satisfied with the recommendations from that book, Circo disappointed me. In one word, bland. My date and I went with their recommended dishes: calamari to start, then raviolis and a seafood stew for the main course. Everything was solid, but none of it memorable. For dessert we had a tiramisu (one of my favorites) that was just as forgettable as the rest of the meal. Additionally, the ambiance is just bizarre. I am all for daring or loud designs, if done correctly. The inside of Circo looks like a gaudy circus nightmare. For the price of the food, I would much prefer to get a meal that has more flavor. If I took value into consideration, the rating would be closer to two stars.
3	Blahhhhh. I love the decor and location of the restaurant. Even as a local, who doesn't appreciate a good view of the dancing waters at the Bellagio? Unfortunately Circo,  I didn't like the service you provided. I completely understand that Las Vegas is a city full of booze but just because we didn't order endless bottles of wine that profits your restaurant and gives you higher gratuity doesn't mean that you can give us any less service - we are still paying customers. Since our table had six people it was auto gratuity, they really only performed at 10% gratuity level. Although the food was awesome and the portions were rather generous for a restaurant on the strip, people are ultimately paying for the service, not the food. Circo definitely wouldn't be my first choice if I had the opportunity to return
5	The food was delicious, service was great! The lamb chops were especially very good!
5	Lucked out to dine here in April and June. So great.Service is fantastic. Sommelier is also 5 star. Helpful sans attitude. Beautiful room overlooking the fountains. But the main point is the food - and Circo delivers. The fixed price menu is solid and they allow some substitution if you ask nicely. :)Seriously - check this place out - you'll be pleased you did.
4	As my first meal in Vegas, I was pleasantly surprised with Circo!  The menu has very little for vegetarians, and nothing for vegans, so I asked the waiter if he had any suggestions.  He suggested an eggless spaghetti with fresh tomato sauce and basil, and I was sold.  It was light, flavorful, and satisfying.  I was so grateful for the waiter's knowledge, and how kind he was to me!  He knew I wouldn't be able to share in the appetizers everyone else ordered so he brought my food out sooner (awww!) and he made sure I had a comfortable and delicious meal.  Even though my dish was simple, I felt spoiled rotten.Thank you for accommodating me, Circo!!
1	The food and the service was just not up to par. The manager did try to make it better, but in the end the food was not good, could not even chew the lobster claw  it was so dry, however my friends ordered bronzini and also salmon and they said it was ok...the snobby waiter was  awuful. Would not recommend would never go back..staying at bellagio for the week, definitely not trying it again.
4	Kumamoto oysters: can't go wrong. Seriously. HELL YEA!Beef carpaccio: topped with arugula salad, cheese shavings, and crisps. So bomb, and I was not hungry so it was the perfect entree size. The beef is tender (well it should be, it's like a millimeter thick), flavorful, and the arugula salad really helped bring the flavor out.Dessert: berry panna cotta and "cheesecake"... yum. The cheesecake was a ball of sweet mascarpone and cream, covered in a berry glaze and sorbet. So light and creamy at the same time... yum. The panna cotta was sweet, and contrasted well with the sour berry sorbet. SO GOOD! Will try actual food/entree next time. My bf did enjoy his steak A LOT, so I hear good things.
5	We chose to go back to this restaurant for delicious Tuscan cuisine and beautiful fountain views! We asked specifically for a table next to the windows, and also semi private. We were running late for our 7:30 reservation, I called to let them know that we would be late, please save our good table. We did some walking from Mandarin Oriental to Crystal to get on the tram to Bellagio. Got there nearly 8, the host still managed to give us a nice little table right next to the windows at the semi private dining area, I got to see the fountain show throughout the entire dinner date! Same as last time, this is a slow dinner place, everything goes very slowly, just take time, no rush, the drink menu is on iPads now, very easy to use and read. I asked our server for a not very sweet but strong cocktail, he recommended Cosmopolitan, it was a great pour, very strong. Hubby had white wine while we went through the menu for that night, it was a bit different from last time, they change menu seasonally. Their wine menu is a bit pricey, starting at $60 a bottle, specialty cocktail is $14 each. They bring complimentary bread after food order, if you are so hungry, better tell the server that you would like some bread first. The assorted bread basket was great, very delicious. We decided to skip appetizer, ordered smoked Scottish salmon pizza with American caviar on the top. The pizza was amazing. Thick layers of smoked salmon, lots of caviar on top. I kept on eating from one slice to 3 slices, until hubby reminded me that we still had entrees... Okie....he was right, I got a bit stuffed already! Hubby had fillet 12 oz medium rare, the meat was perfect, so tender and juicy with red wine sauce, the mashed potato and grilled asparagus were light with enough flavors! I had seafood risotto, grilled main lobster, Atlantic jumbo shrimps, diver scallops, and Dungeness crab meat: the scallops were so tender, melted in my mouth immediately, the shrimp and crab meat were fresh and tender, the lobster was a bit overcooked, the meat was a bit chewy, the risotto was a bit chewy to my liking too.. So in my opinion, this dish was a bit under my expectation for $58.I had a glass of Port to go with traditional tiramisu, hubby had double shot espresso. I always have to have an after dinner drink, it makes me feel very refreshing after a big meal. The tiramisu was very delicious, very creamy with enough sweetness! Our dinner went on for 3 hours, we took time to enjoy every bite of our delicious food, and sipping on our drinks slowly. The Bellagio fountain shows made our dinner even more enjoyable, more romantic... It was just perfect! I love the ambience of this restaurant, upscale yet still relaxing, the circus themed decors add lots of fun with bright colors. The daisy flowers on each table were so pretty, I just love colors! Our drink and food servers were very friendly, kept our drinks coming, checked up on us all the time, even though there were a few bigger parties around us. We were so full in the end, the portions were huge! Even the Port glass was a bit bigger than usual. $300 plus dinner tab was a lot, but at least we had more than enough food and drinks. They can also charge the tab to the room we stay at Mandarin Oriental, so hubby just put in his last name and room number on the tab, very convenient. I believe we did the same thing last time we stayed at Vdara. Funny thing was the front desk staff at check out in Mandarin Oriental asked hubby if Circo was any good, cause he saw the Circo restaurant tab was almost as expensive as nightly rate....Hubby replied that it was nearly perfect of course! Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas, so romantic and relaxing, I highly recommend a romantic dinner date by the windows! Ps. The portions are huge, if you are not that hungry, you can do split plates for $3  charge on main course. Hyde lounge is just next door, some lounging time after dinner perhaps.
5	Our 1st wedding anniversary dinner was celebrated at Circo. We ordered wine and my husband had ravioli, which he really enjoyed. We were seated near the window and had an awesome view of the Bellagio fountains. The food was out of the world but portions were small. But then who really cares about food on anniversary day?It was the most romantic setting we could ask for. We spent about 125$ total and is the most expensive dinner we have had till today.
3	Due to some hotel room issues, we were treated to a dinner of our choice, so we decided to try Circo, a place we had always wanted to try.  It was busy for a Tuesday night (further complicated by a celebrity, 3 bodyguards and 2 photographers in the house), and we were seated 15 minutes after our reservation. That was fine, we were in no hurry.  We were seated and I must say, the server willingly returned the too spicy Bloody Mary that would have ruined my taste buds for dinner.  It was replaced with a specially made blended margarita (apparently their bar only made on the rocks). We made our salad and dinner choices and told our server, only for him to return 20 minutes later and say, " I lost your order, what were you having?"  Seriously??  I know rack of lamb can take awhile and we were patient. Dinner came and it was delicious. I had the chicken breast and both that and the lamb were perfect.  My husband had to ask twice for a refill on his tea, and we were told it was a brewed tea and they were brewing more.  They didn't anticipate patrons requesting more?  My water glass was never refilled....ever.  We did have an excellent dessert. The food was outstanding, but the service was lacking.  I am glad we tried it as I have read it is closing next May, but I don't believe we will return.  Olives or Prime will be our next return visit.
4	Good food and good waiting service. Most of the female hosts are rude but its a great restaurant if your are able to get past them and withstand their negative and rude attitudes.
3	The food was excellent.  It's getting a 3 star because of service.  The other negative comments on are point.  Arrogant and non-existent wait staff.   Took 20 mins to order wine which we were told we had to wait for the sommelier. 10 mins later we asked to send the sommelier over and then they said , oh you wanted a wine by the glass, ill just take that order.  Huh? All in all it should not take that long to order wine , my wife almost walked up the bar to order it herself. Again, food was great.  Service was really snobby and bad.
4	Circo offers a variety of tasty Italian dishes from the traditional pizza and pasta dishes to cuisine more suited for the adventurous such as rabbit, wild boar stew and tortelloni stuffed with oxtail, onion, mushroom and parmesan. We have gone to Circo as a family for dinner on a regular basis for their consistently good food, playful interior, and views of the Bellagio fountains.
3	It could be nice for a special occasion place. When there's no real occasion except to hang out and eat great food and catch up, it works except it doesn't exactly count as a place to just hang out.
1	I can honestly say that this one of the worst food experiances I have had since eating at a Uno's once when I was in hurry. I arrived at Circo with a large group of 11 people which we had a reservation for. We had asked for a table close to the windows so that we could hopefully get a view of the fountains but were seated far away in the center of the restaurant. I cannot blame them for this. I know it can be difficult to accomodate a large group in the prime location so this did not really bother me but it would have been nice.I am a huge foodie and I have eaten at many places as well as working in the industry for a significant amount of time so I consider myself to be pretty understanding and agreeable when it comes to dining. However, this was unlike anything I have ever seen.Our party was seated and a cocktail waitress promptly came over with i-pads containing the drink menus. Personally, I find this very odd because we are a table of 11 and obviously the restaurant only has a limited number of these i-pads so she sets down 2 at the table and we have to share and take turns sliding through the electronic pages. Completely STUPID in my opinion.... Just give me a regular drink menu... I can read just the same from paper as I can from an i-pad. So the cocktail server returns a few minutes later ready to take our drink orders. We all nod in response that we are ready to order something from her. She gets through about 4 people before leaving the table. After about 10 minutes she returns with the drinks for the 1st four people (completely ignors us as she rushes to set them down) and then leaves again. We finally had to flag down the server assistant to ask her to return so that the rest of the table could order their drinks too.With our drinks finally in hand, we move on to order our meals. This goes pretty smoothly and we promptly get our salad courses. Then the never ending wait begins for our main courses. We waitied an hour and 30 minutes between when our salads were cleared and when we received our entrees. Now, I am very patient and don't mind a wait between courses but this was excessive even by my standards, and the rest of my table was not nearly as understanding and were vocally upset about the wait.Most of our table ordered the Filet, which seemed mostly okay. Some were slighltly overcooked but that was not the real problem. All of the steaks were served with the nastiest asparagus that I have ever seen. These spears looked like they had been under a heat lamp in the back kitchen for hours. I mean I have seen better looking asparagus at an Outback steakhouse or a buffet line.During out meal there was not 1 instance of any of the waitstaff coming by to check and see if everything was okay and to our liking.....which it certianly was not for nearly our whole table. It was honeslty some of the worst service I have ever had at any restaurant in all my life. The waitstaff was rude and the manager was not willing to even listen to our dismay for the issues with our food.I would not recommend Circo. There are so many options in Vegas and many of them well worth the price. Try Mortorano's Rao's or Lavo if you are looking for Italian.
3	Good meal, great wine list, but food was not spectacular. Had Trefethen Cab 2010, very good value for the price. Had Pesto Gnocchi, looked homemade but very low on flavor. Had Caesar Salad, anchovies on the side, pretty good. For as much as we spent, likely better meal could be had elsewhere.
2	Kind of mixed. Paid thru the nose for a black truffle pasta which was bland and unimaginative. Views, cocktails, and apps rocked.
2	The food is really good. It is an expensive but it tastes like it. The service was very poor. I'm not talking about food taking longer than normal because the restaurant wants you to converse poor. I'm talking empty glass the entire meal and 30 minutes until your server takes your order poor. It didn't appear as though it was our servers fault as I noticed he and others were bussing their own tables. That's not how high end restaurants are meant to be run. If I spend that kind've money at a restaurant, the service better be good.
4	I made reservations for my bf and I's 1 year anniversary like 3 months in advance. The interior decoration is to die for. Super classy. You browse drinks on an iPad, amazing options. Superb service, friendly, authentic french cuisine, amazing quality. The fountain show plays every 15 minutes and the view is great. I only give it 4 stars because we had to wait 15 min for a table that I requested by the window when they should've reserved it and hour in advance I mean I made this reservation a long time ago. There was also a walk in party of 20 so as soon as they arrived, our service took much longer. A young photographer came in and took beautiful pictures of us but it was a little pricey. All in all amazing experience. Definitely gonna go back.
5	Wow. One of the best steaks I've ever had.  We were with a very large group so we had our own private group. I would highly suggest this place if you want to impress someone. Pricing isn't as bad as you'd think.
4	Vegas marches on and in a few months, Osteria del Circo is closing.Part of famed restaurateur Sirio Maccioni's empire.  Circo offers Italian inspired food with a few hidden gems of true authenticity.  But first:RANT:  In whose mind is this an "osteria"?  An osteria, the simplest, most austere type of Italian eatery.  Pastas, grilled or roasted meats, endless glasses of house wine. Good, simple living.  With it's beautifully crafted dishes, whimsical, lake side dining room, 900 selection wine cellar, this is not an osteria.Searching for the authentic, an excellent fritto misto.  Lightly coated, perfectly cooked, crisp fried calamari zucchini flowers with a vibrant cherry tomato sauce.   The Antipasto del Circo per La Tavola is equally simple and delicious.  A good selection of Italian cheese, cured salumi and fruits.  For secondi, the most classic of pastas shine.  The Buccatini al Amatriciana near Roman perfect.  Toothsome, fresh pasta enveloped with an acidic sauce of pancetta, tomato, wine and pecorino romano.  Not to be outdone, the Gnocchi al Pesto Gratinati.  Perfect pillows in a warm, herbaceous pesto tossed with Parmigianino.  A velvety rich bite accented by toasted pine nuts for texture.Finally the Bistecca alla Fiorentina.  Although not from the famed Chianina cow of Tuscany, the 40 day aged porterhouse for two, cooked very rare and dressed simply with olive oil is excellent.  Festive, fun to eat.  Nuff said.  The rack of lamb with a pecorino and thyme crust is equally good.  Very meaty, well trimmed, tender and perfectly cooked throughout.  Good plate of flavorful biscotti and some vin santo make for a classic dessert.Very good, friendly and efficient service.  Excellent Italian centric wine list with many reasonably priced bottle from a wide variety of DOCGs.As we sip our amaro, the words of Anthony Bourdain ring true:  "Into each life a little bitterness".Farewell Circo.  Ciao grazie.
2	Had dinner with a party of 6.  Service was spectacular!  Wine suggestions were exactly what we were looking for.  Salad was very simple and plain with no "wow" factor.  I'm a nice Italian girl so I figured I would order spaghetti bolognese.  This was highly suggested as the server stated the pasta was house made.  When it came out it reminded me of lunch room spaghetti.  The noodles were tasteless and too thick.  The sauce was ground beef and tomatoes.  I passed on dessert but the complimentary biscotti was a sweet little touch...I won't visit again...
4	We were pleasantly surprised with this place.  Considering you walk in off a busy casino floor, the bar area was a perfectly peaceful setting to enjoy a pre-dinner drink.I had requested that we were allocated a table with the view of the fountains, which we got.  Unfortunately the tables for 2 mean that one of you has to sit with your back to the window, we didn't mind much as my husband sat next to me to watch a bit of the fountain show before our food started arriving. We went for the tasting menu which I do recommend.  My husband cannot eat shellfish and they catered for this by offering substitutes for any of the dishes with shellfish.  I ordered the wine pairing with my food which was absolutely worth the $48, each wine better than the next and decent measures to allow you to enjoy the glass and not just taste. The sommelier was wonderful and very attentive to our table.I noted the couples sitting next to us eating pasta and was not overly impressed.  the portions were massive and the spaghetti looked  ridiculously thick, so I was very pleased we went with the tasting menu and would return for more of the same.
5	Came here while staying at the Bellagio for a work event. The lady at the front greeting us could have been a bit more friendly but the servers were all very nice and accommodating. I had the Scrigno Di Mare and it was to die for. I highly recommend it. I'm a huge fan of seafood pasta and this one was divine. The Cesar Salad was also better than expected. If you like these, I would definitively order one before your meal.
3	When there are so many other fantastic options in Vegas and Circo demands a $$$$ rating, Circo can only be a 3 star restaurant. Especially when Le Cirque is right next door (obviously a bit more expensive though). On the plus side, much of the food is quite good, just not as good as other strip restaurants. I had a venison dish which was quite good and a superb banana souffle for desert (presumably made the same as they do in Le Cirque next door.) The menu is fairly large with plenty of options for everyone and everyone at the dinner was happy with their dishes, happy but not enthralled. The dining room is gorgeous and the view is spectacular. You can look out the windows with a front row view of the Bellagio fountains and Paris in the background. It truly is gorgeous and in a city as hectic as Vegas, it has to be said that Circo is one of the most calming places to go and eat a dinner. You won't hear the casino floor at all and you'll have this beautiful view.On the downside, I feel Circo is really overly expensive. I just don't feel the food, service, etc quite warrant the prices that Circo charges. If I'm going to pay the prices that Circo charges, I'd rather pay a bit more for Le Cirque or go to Gordon Ramsay Steak across the street or one of a number of places in Cosmo. Also, the service is horribly slow. Service in all restaurants on the strip is slow,  but I really found service at Circo to be much slower than many others. Overall, the food's quite good, but as a whole, for me, it's 3 stars.
4	After our ride on the newly finished High Roller, we were in desperate need of nourishment.  Having no plan, reservations, or idea we quickly resorted to open table which led us to Circo.Seated at a beautiful table overlooking the Bellagio Fountains we begin our delicious meal.  I felt extremely under dressed, although I don't think they minded.  We each had chosen the Chef's Tasting menu which was 5 courses with your choice for each.  Overall everything was fantastic, from the swordfish salad, lobster ravioli, steak tenderloin and the creme brulee - i was in foodie heaven.  Each bite was magical and I was happy to have chosen a wide array of dishes to taste.  We complimented our courses with a delicious bottle of malbec and with the view of the fountains it felt all so romantic (just wish my husband had decided to leave the hiccups elsewhere).Overall a great experience.  Service was superb!  If you are looking for fine dining with a great view - this place has it!
5	This was our third visit to Circo in Bellagio in the last 5 years and each time has been wonderful -- the atmosphere, the views of the Fountain, and the food. When the server was explaining the specials, she mentioned appetizer-sized pasta's, which was perfect for me so I ordered the special risotto - fabulous and just the right size. Hubby ordered Mama Egi's Ravioli and he raved about it for 2 days. We split the Tiramisu for dessert and it was fabulous. Service was pretty good, although a little neglectful as my husband would have liked another glass of wine, but no one came back til he had finished his meal.
4	We went to dinner here last night with 2 families. We loved it. Are family had Caesar salad and pasta.  Nice view of fountain. Great apple dessert.
5	I have been here many times and you cannot beat the food, service and ambience.  I love La Cirque (same family) but particularly love Circo because I prefer Italian to French.  I just heard that Circo is closing and can't believe Bellagio would let this fabulous restaurant leave.  Please, keep it.  Many, many people love it and it won't seem like Las Vegas without Circo here!!
3	Yeah yeah the food is pretty good - just like everywhere else in Vegas. The service was even pretty good. But the seating is uncomfortable and everyone is squeezed into a tight spot. I know they're trying to maximize profit, but they've done so at the expense of the experience.
4	Attended an event here for about 25 people and it was therefore a limited menu.  My husband had the salmon while I splurged on the New York strip.  I'm not a huge beef eater however I was looking forward to a tender, juicy cut cooked to perfection.  The meat was hard to cut and harder to chew, however the flavors were spot on.  Hmmm, tried my husband salmon and it was delicious.  The service was impeccable and tried to accommodate this large group and guess what?  They succeeded with a smile!  By the way, the tiramisu was to die for!!!
5	Ah.  Circo is the kind of restaurant that you have five stars for.  Disclaimer:  we got married in Vegas and had our wedding dinner at Circo.  We renewed our vows for our fifth anniversary and had dinner afterward at Circo.  We went there again to celebrate another anniversary and.....had dinner at Circo!I love the atmosphere - so classy, but with a playful twist.  Views of the fountain are wonderful.This time we shared a calamari appetizer, which was seriously some of the best calamari I've ever had in my life.  So tender and perfect flavours.  We decided to skip salad since we wanted to dessert, so for our entrees the husband had the ravioli and I had the lamb, with a side of spaghetti for the two of us.  Oh, so good.  Their lamb is always perfection and the husband was really impressed with the ravioli.  The spaghetti was the perfect side.For dessert, their souffle of the day was a Grand Marnier, which we split.  It was sublime.The service, as always, was impeccable.We've heard rumours that Circo will be closing as the family that owns that and La Cirque is losing their lease.  I truly hope not, as that would be so sad.
4	When you first walk into Circo, you will instantly be blown away by the beautiful color splash and ambiance before you. The circus theme is unique to Circo, and is a fun compliment to the restaurant within. Though Circo is heavily overpriced, the quality and taste of the served food is just as good as almost any other high-end Vegas place. I had the Pesce Scallops special, which was by far the best scallop dish I have ever had. The dessert menu is mouthwatering; make sure to have the donuts. Thanks to Circo for a delicious high-end Vegas dinner!
3	came to circo before the show ar Bellagio.Told the hostess it was a special night my wife's birthday 4Th of July, she said that she would take care of itDid not have anything specialThey didi not have the branzino fish on the menu , had the salmon which was OK but disapointingwould not go back again , too stuff shirt a place .Too many better places in Vegas
5	We had a bachelorette party of 17 girls. I was scrambling to make reservations 1 week in advance. Since we wanted to have dinner in the same hotel as the club, I was trying to find a restaurant between Caesar's and Bellagio that would accommodate us. The place I called at Caesar's made it a pain in the butt to get reservations - $100 minimum per person, credit card hold, prix fixe menu, poor communication, etc. Circo and the Bellagio reservation staff made my reservation experience very pleasant. I called, I got a human, I gave the date, time, number of guests, my name, and phone number. THAT WAS IT!!! No prix fixe menu, no minimum spend! With 17 people, everybody would have different food preferences and with 17 girls, we ain't gonna be pigging out to meet the minimums if we still wanted to look half decent in our clubbing attire.Since our group was so large, they had to split us into 2 tables. Overall, the dining experience was pleasant, service was friendly, and we got to see the fountains through the window. My pasta was made fresh, cooked al dente, and the meat sauce was full bodied.
4	Service was fantastic and the food excellent.  Large portions.   Having a view of the fountains during dinner was an added bonus.
4	My 400th review!  I brought my parents here on a Saturday night at 5:30 for my dad's birthday dinner before going to watch O.  It's really a 3.7 or so but I figured I would round up since my dad enjoyed himself so much.  They open at 5:30 and won't seat you before then, which is kind of annoying.  Also the hostess doesn't seem to be great at her job, as I checked in around 5:15 and when I came back in at 5:30 she seemed to have completely forgotten who I was.  Wth lady, there were only two other groups, you couldn't even make a note of my name?  Despite that annoying beginning, however, the service from that point on was flawless.  Your waiter takes you to your table personally and is very attentive for the rest of your meal thereafter.The bread basket they brought over was just ok and the bread didn't taste very fresh but it was fine.  For appetizers, we had the fritto misto, the caprese and the caesar salad.  All three were delicious; the basil on the caprese is served in the form of a mousse which was pretty cool.For our entrees, my mom had the beef, my dad had the ravioli and i had the amatriciana.  All 3 were excellent.  For dessert, we finished with the chocolate lava cake and I asked for a big candle since it was my dad's birthday.  The waiter was very apologetic that they didn't have a big candle and instead offered to stick two candles together, which I thought was funny and sweet.  Overall, our experience here was very good and we got out in perfect time to see the show.  Also, since we were one of the first groups seated, we got to sit right by the window and have an amazing view of the Bellagio water show.  I would recommend this place if you want a nice fine dining option in Bellagio without completely blowing your budget.
3	The food was close to a 3.5, but the service was closer to a 2.  Overall, it was an enjoyable experience, but it was not amazing, and I'm not sure that it was worth the price.  We used our Bellagio food and dining credit, so it was essentially a "free" meal (other than gratuity). We were seated with a "partial" fountain view, which meant that one seat had a great view, while the other seat had no view at all.  We were not given the option to wait for a table with a full view, though we did ask.  We were seated and shortly thereafter brought an ipad to view the drink menu.  We settled on the Nino Franco Prosecco, which was good.  The sommelier was a bit curt; he wasn't exactly impolite, but he definitely was not warm or engaging.  We found our waiter to have the same attitude.  Both were fine, but did nothing at all to engage, make suggestions, or make the evening memorable.  We skipped appetizers, since nothing really appealed to us.  We did have the bread basket, which was lackluster.  We requested balsamic vinegar to add to the (low quality) olive oil, which was brought to us with no problem.  For entrees, my husband had the Pollo (grilled chicken breast with potatoes and salad).  The chicken was good, but not spectacular.  The salad was a handful of baby spinach leaves with three blackberries, tossed in a very light and simple vinaigrette.  The salad made us very happy that we had not ordered a salad as an appetizer, as there was a clear lack of attention to the composition of the salad (broken bits of spinach, in a salad comprised of two ingredients, is not impressive).  I had the Mama Egi's Ravioli, which was good but not outstanding.  The pasta was very thick, far too thick for ravioli in my opinion.  The filling was good.  The dish overall was a little too rich, and I did not quite finish it.  I was not offered cheese or ground pepper, as many Yelpers were.  For dessert, we shared a Grand Marnier Souffle, and I had a cappuccino.  The souffle was good, and we enjoyed it.  I believe we overheard the waiter telling the table next to us that they are pre-prepared and then just finished in the Circo oven, which is why they only take 10 - 12 minutes to prepare.  The cappuccino was actually outstanding; it had good flavor and impressive foam.  The restaurant's ambiance overall is nice, and I enjoyed the fountain view.  The service of the "support staff"was very good, particularly the young man who refilled our water, but the head waiter and sommelier were unimpressive. Our total, for two glasses of prosecco, the chicken entree, the ravioli entree, one souffle, and one cappuccino was $121.00 (pre-tip).  I thought that was a bit high for the mediocre quality of both entrees and the unimpressive service.
1	This restaurant reminds me of a stuffy, overpriced and overrated restaurants. There are far better restaurants out there, save your money for a better experience. Food is ok and I'll stop there.
1	We ate here tonight as we always do when we come to Vegas (7 or 8 times previously) and the service was good, but the food was horrible; tasteless chicken, horrid calamari, and the pasta was the worst with sauce that seemed to not be fresh and big hunks of cheese in it. We are here until Sunday and will definitely not be coming back to eat here, if ever. And to find out they are closing this Sunday for good.
3	Nice experience if you can afford it. Wine $50 minimum. Dinner $200 plus for 4. A little disappointed as they placed us in a corner so we did not have a direct view of the fountains. Make sure to reserve that. Also go early as they had run out of fried calamari so we had to get the antipasto appetizer. It was ok. Had 3 pasta dishes- great homemade pasta.
2	The concierge at the Green Valley Ranch recommended this place...Wasn't impressed, came for dinner on a Wednesday night. Super crowded and it was 9 pm. Got more of a diner-like atmosphere rather than a fine dining establishment.  A (get'em in get 'em out, gotta turn these tables as soon as we can) vibe. When we made the reservations asked for a table at the window at 8:30 to watch the fountain show, when we arrived we were told it was going to be another 15 minutes for "that" table wasn't ready. It's okay, no big deal just seat us somewhere else. Which he did immediately.Host was very pleasant, warm and friendly. Sat down had a partial view of the fountain, but didn't feel like we had any privacy. Too close of quarters with the couples next to us.Server was devoid of any personality, maybe she just was having a bad day. But so was the Sommelier. Looked unhappy to be there.  The guy pouring our water was more outgoing and friendly and had a smile on his face than those 2 ever did.We took a pass on the apps, since nothing looked too appealing, I had the Mama Egi's ravioli, it was good, sauce was better.  My partner had the sea bass, thought it was going to be Chilean Sea Bass but when it arrived, it wasn't, and sent it back. It looked like 2 pieces of fried perch on top of a bunch of beans with escarole. I HATE sending food back and tried to avoid it, but ordered the salmon instead, much better choice. Not a place I would recommend. Way too overrated.3:Food2:Service
4	CIRCO!What a fantastic place, it's exactly like being in a circus tent except you're surrounded by luxury and the finest of Las Vegas' wait staff - I loved it!We were starving, having not had a chance to eat all day, pluggin away at those slots, so me and my ravenous Mother stroll into the Bellagio. Hastily, we walk in searching for grub and what do we see??? An illuminated touch screen Menu, displaying this fine establishment's dining options. We're already interested!We enter, we are greeted with JOY, we are seated with COMFORT, we are treated with great RESPECT but not overly, as if we are one of the family...can't stress this ENUFWe order, it's going to be a seafood themed tonight!Me: The salmon - SIMPLY AMAZING - (but make sure to order it on the rarer side)Mother: The Seafood Stew - FILLING and SCRUMPTIOUS - (slightly messy, but good)Both: The house selected Rose - not too sweet (very satisfied, both of us)Didn't have room for desert...But they brought us some anyway. Mightily impressed!My experience in this majikal circus tented restaurant is my definition of Heaven on earth.Thank-you :)
